Steve heard it before, Pepper mentioning it in passing, seeing it in newspapers or hearing it somewhere, it was just on the tip of his tongue. That was a clue. A therapist could do something to Hank, even hypnotize him, maybe, but why the hell would he need to? And why the hell would he need Tony?
"Reed, you said this thing wasn't turned on!"
This place hadn't seen rain for a while; the dry land was creaking under their boots. It already got dark. The sky seemed heavy and black, like a lid with holes in place of stars. Feeling the sky so low made it harder to breathe. Steve hurriedly lowered his eyes and focused on the fire.
"That's a good question. But you probably shouldn't ask him that, it's likely to be another sore spot. We should try to find out more about him," Vorbarton smirked. He had no idea, of course, that in about a hundred feet away from them an object of his and Steve's captivated attention was saying to his subordinate:
"Usually the Cets don't discuss their face paint so directly," remarked Vorbarton under his breath, appearing next to Steve again. The victim of his earlier lecture, pale and miserable, was shifting from foot to foot, obediently asking for something safer than champagne. Well, it was good Vorbarton caught him in time. "And it would take the temperature of a star's core to make it smudge. It seems that comment really got to him. But why? Where are the ghem-lords and where's Jackson’s Whole?"
"I should've got used to the fact that Mio is never wrong. She advised me to expect you, and here you are."
"Then, it's even more interesting," Tony gave him a smile that was positively predatory. "It's not Abraham, although the adaptation makes quite a lot of sense. It's Aram Durona, from Jackson's Whole Durona group. He disappeared long time ago."
"I need to speak to the Colonel," he said after a while. "If he finds the secret part of the records, there's going to be trouble."
Pepper's gaze went cold; she pressed her fingers together and straightened.
"I fought at the front lines," answered Steve.
"And now you probably know about this meeting more, than I do," he hummed and rolled aside, leaning his head on his hand. "Maybe, you should go, then?"
"It does matter," answered Tony through a sudden kiss, he was expecting to do a lot more convincing before this Barrayaran monument to stubbornness agreed to anything, "it matter quite a lot, what you think, to me. If you decide to fight me after all, I'll get it, even though I'll have to think that my father didn't finish his work, and your brain is not as good as the rest of you."
Neither on this planet's surface,
"Look," he noticed, still distracted, enlarging the hologram, "I broke my brain trying to figure out how you controlled this piece of junk in the forties. My armor has a power source, but it doesn't have a control center, so it cannot be connected to your neural system."
"That's so cool," she said. "You can apply to an academy and properly study it. I know a couple of people... bastards, the lot of them," Janet laughed again, carefree and happy. "But they've got connections. Besides, one of them owes me."
"That's what we came here for," confirmed Natasha.
"Maybe, you don't like women at all?"
"Now tell me," Tony continued, unperturbed. "Where's general Ross now."
Ben often complained about the TV, but Reed always forgot about his promise to repair it. Steve didn't care; he only really liked laptops from all the tech that he got to experience here.
"Let it go," suddenly ordered Tony. He was still standing with his hand raised stupidly in the air, as if he wanted to touch but couldn't for some reason. "Let it go, or it'll kill you."
Stark frowned and straightened even further.
"That's weird," said Happy.
Steve muttered something approving, his eyes still on the headlines.
"Well, don't start crying about him," Stark hummed, completely devoid of any sympathy. "The old man relied too much on brain transplants (which is disgusting, in my opinion), so he didn't really treat his body well and ruined it with all the bad habits he could think of. When he finally realized what he was doing, the prepared clone was dead. If he didn't drink, slept at least ten hours a day, and most importantly, didn't live on Jackson's Whole..."
"I don't feel the armor," he added, for some reason.
Janet saw him and happily waved her hand, the gesture so wide she almost knocked a woman passing by.
"Good evening, ghem-colonel," Steve gave an official greeting to the Consul, who was not grasping the gravity of the situation he found himself in. "I think you're aware that's not how interrogation works. Maybe, you could tell us instead about your and your servant's motivation?"
Ghem-colonel Stark also spent his evening busy as a bee. His mother's most trusted ba ran itself ragged bringing new documents from the Embassy's library and running all the other errands Stark came up with.
"Sorry," said Bruce. His voice shook. "You probably didn't want to hear this."
Tony sniffed the tea again, unconvinced, muttered something about berry bugs and canaries, for some reason, but did risk taking a sip.
Steve might've imagined it, but he thought Hank slammed the door behind them with extra prejudice.
"You're scaring the elderly with the armor?" Steve asked, indignant. The strange feeling in his skin increased, making it harder to ignore.
"My wrists." There were bright red marks on them from the leather straps. He didn't know how he managed to irritate his skin so much with such soft material. "My back and my chest." He paused for a moment. "My head's spinning."
"Ramps," Tony said again. "Don't forget about them, Richards. And try to change the satellite's configuration for reception."
"We can shoot at trees in the morning," he said. "I'll draw us a target."
"It's not a koan, it's a haiku," the ba corrected, calmly. "I suppose my mistress is telling you not to waste your time on information that seems true but is not."
Steve looked back at the stand with the armor watching him blindly and dispassionately. Steve considered it for a few moments and then reached for it – the armor answered, of course, almost immediately, its eyes glowing blue, only on the other side, there was silence.
Was this some kind of terrorist attack? But why were they targeting only scientists? Was it a drug that they administered at research institutes? Or was it something else?
"You're still here," he muttered, his voice dull from sleep.
"And they have access to various teratogenic substances," confirmed Stark, making the same grimace he did before at the mention of Jackson's Whole. "And an unhealthy sense of humor. And they're quite vindictive."
Steve obeyed.
"They can be persuasive," said Bruce. He adjusted his glasses and shrugged. "Besides, I doubt anybody would make me a better offer."
"What, with those puzzling haikus?" Stark grimaced.
"Depends on when you go to bed." Steve hummed. "You might get used to it with time."
"Only if you want to kill him, you idiot."
Steve's throat went dry. He couldn't breathe, but Bruce was still talking in a calm, emotionless tone.
Steve simply nodded.
Jarvis's grey eyebrow twitched, but his expression didn't change.
"I think that'll be good for you. How old are you? Twenty-five? Sometimes you look like my old man, and he was a pathetic goody two-shoes. So, good luck."
"Then, the ba used the right mailbox, but somebody stole the invitations," Stark announced, clearly irritated. "My perfume smells of weapons, including the one that's used for sprinkling letters, as per tradition. Somebody really didn't want the two of us talking more than couldn't be avoided. Continue, Jarvis."
"Jan..."
Janet swore, made a few steps forward, and then her legs gave out under her, and she would've fallen if Steve didn't support her and help her sit on a nearby chair.
"I'm happy for you and Hulk," said Tony. He gave the armor a pointed gaze and it started assembling into a moderately sized suitcase. "Steve, I'm afraid you'll have to carry him, or he'll run away." He paused for a moment. "I used to make chips for animals at some point, but it quickly got boring. I still have a few, though."
There were drops of sweat on Bruce's temples, and his hair was plastered across his forehead, but his face was calm.
"Oh. That's what I thought," Tony froze, looking at a white piece in his forceps. "A bone. Lovely." He'd thrown it away to the pile and looked at his hand, carefully, massaging it with another. "I... well, not me, the Iron Man sometimes works for the government, when things get tough. Officially, they're called consultations, but we both know what it means. Ross called me to hunt a dangerous criminal, I put two and two together, and here I am."
"Do you?"
"He should've come in," said Janet, somewhat disappointed. "Hank was looking for someone to pick a fight with about Reed."
Steve still thought about it and tried to brush the questions away, but even when they came they didn't hurt anymore like a new wound, and didn’t fill him with guilt. He made his choice, standing in front of Faustus, in the moment he heard the question.
The truth was, the first thing Steve felt in the 21st century was fear. An undoubtedly logical feeling, when you suddenly find yourself in a small room next to a skinny guy in a white lab coat. He automatically tried to attack, making the guy step back and put up his hands, and then somebody grabbed Steve from behind and pulled him away.
"Let's not talk about your father, now," Steve breathed out, wondering if Stark had a chance to poison him with an aphrodisiac. One that works through contact, for example. He never wanted anyone as much as he wanted him. "And I'm not going to fight, just... are you sure?"
"I don't hate Milan," Pepper objected.
Tony nodded at a passage without a word. Then Steve looked back, Bruce was already gone.
"You're not?" he asked. "How about this?"
"Oh yeah," he said. "I don't even know what made them angrier, that I destroyed the city, or that I destroyed the data."
Steve tried to remember what was known about that group. Lily Durona, a genius medic, was created in labs of House Rioval, then later she joined House Fell and repeatedly cloned herself. All her female clones were named after flowers, and male – after birds. All of them were genius in their own ways, specializing in different areas of medicine. Aram Durona was, apparently, a genius genetics researcher. Why did he leave the group? Or was he working under their orders all that time? There were rumors circulating, that for the last forty years Durona's group lived on Escobar, their research not at all contributing to the glory of Jackson's Whole. But if Doctor Abraham left them before the group was sold and moved, who was he working for?
Sometimes Steve still woke up with a distinct feeling that he was back at home, and the war was still going, and everything he's been through in the last couple of months was just a bizarre dream. He was connected to reality only by the thinnest of threads, and Steve had to scratch his palm with his nails so the pain would bring him back to it again.
"War stories?" Janet asked, suddenly. She threw her head back and was looking at Steve upside down. "Tony said that. Are you really a soldier?"
"From another world," added Steve.
"You could offer him a glass of wine and a chair," hummed Tony, "that's how conversations start in a civilized world."
"I," Steve hesitated, but decided to keep talking, his voice soft and convincing. "I want to help. Not because I need anything from you, I don't, not anymore. I just want to help."
"I had no instructions about that," he hummed. "Just not to let you onto the crash site. My bosses don't particularly like you, as you know."
Steve felt like he definitely got lost somewhere in that conversation.
His stubbornness was apparently starting to annoy Tony. He tried to cross his hands, swore and rubbed his forehead nervously, leaving red lines on it.
"Of course. Jacksonians, in their rush to make more money, completely forget that humans are supposed to stay humans," complained Howard, opening the door of his office. It was huge, furnished like a weird mix of bedroom, lab and library. "Some of my wards adapted well, but female animals still refuse to leave the house. I told them so many times about the legendary Taura, they're still scared."
The silence was broken by the sound of the Imperial March. Steve flinched, and Tony reached for the phone on the bedside table.
He spotted Solomon's huge figure from the distance – the man was doing something with the keys. His black dog was lying on the ground next to him and didn't even raise its head when Steve approached.
"Well? What have you learned from the manual with an offensive title?" asked Clint, sitting next to Steve at lunch the next day.
Janet suddenly got up and spread her hands, letting the wind blow in her face. She reminded Steve of some fairytale character, but it's been awhile since he believed fairy tales, so now it just made him nervous.
"No. I just always wanted to see the world beyond the Empire. My ship – my routes. Besides, I can't wait to get you to Beta colony."
"I never unpack most of the stuff," Bruce explained, spreading a blanket on the ground so they would have something to sit on. "I move every two or three weeks, although I've spent about a month in the last place." He chuckled quietly. "Thought I finally found a place where nobody would care to look for me."
"But I only need a couple of new dresses," Janet continued. "Then we can go for some ice-cream. Or pizza. Or..."
"Earthquake," Bruce repeated. "You could say that. It was a failed attempt at recreating the serum. Of course, the government didn't want to publicize their failures."
Bruce gave him a bitter smile.
"But you don't understand..."
That was weird. Tony's workplace was here, in the basement, as far as Steve was concerned.
"Look at me," Steve, surprised by the outburst, spread his hands, and the cabin suddenly seemed much smaller, "what good is the officer who can't even protect himself?"
"I take it it's pointless to ask if there were any new people in your life lately?" asked Steve.
"Yes, ma’am," said the ba, shortly, after receiving a go ahead from the ghem-lord. "My name is Jarvis. I've been serving haut-lady Mio D’Stark for almost a hundred years."
"I know it won't sound like what you want to hear from me," Steve addressed Natasha, while Clint was pinching the Cetagandan down with his glare, "but I think, neither the haut-lady, nor her son, nor their ba would hurt children... especially like that."
It was probably useless and doomed to fail, like trying to take a bone from a rabid dog, but Steve had to do something. Some minutes later, Hulk finally surrendered.
Reed, Sue, Ben and Johnny came back a couple of days ago, while Steve was still all bandaged up, and Tony immediately got a slap on his neck with Ben's massive stone hand. Something happened to them in space. Reed said it was amazing, Ben called it a catastrophe, and Johnny just looked at everything with his eyes wide from happiness and constantly tried to set something on fire. Steve didn't know if he should've been worried or happy for them, but at least they were back, alive and in one piece, and that was already something.
Oh, yes. His phone.
"I also don't like oatmeal. And smelling food in the morning. I don't like small animals, the board of directors and the French who pretend not to understand English."
"A perfume shop, you said?" asked Steve after smelling the air. "I'd say an armory."
"Thanks," Tony muttered. "Don't worry, you'll have to put the bones back in their places. Have you ever seen an open fracture? Of course, you did. You've been to war." His words were getting muddled, but it probably helped him feel better, so Steve kept listening carefully. "You've probably seen worse things. Limbs torn apart, heads? Had to piece people back together? You were a captain, so you must’ve had soldiers under your command."
"You gave me quite a scare," said Steve, softly.
"I think you better ask Reed that," he said.
"Bruce?" Steve called, unsure.
"May I?" he asked.
"True. It does ruin the taste somewhat, though." Steve gave him an even bigger smile. "I'm still owed an answer, Consul. I think now's the time for me to ask my question."
"I'll stay here till Janet wakes up," he finally broke the silence.
"Something small?" Steve ran his finger on the line of the road on the map in thought. "I'm not suggesting Philadelphia."
"Alright. At this time I was, as usual, delivering invitations to the Embassy."
"Where is he, then?" he asked. "What happened there?"
"No, thanks." Steve made a step forward and then paused. "Could you tell me if there's something like a gym here?"
"How is she?" was the first thing he asked.
"I want to hear the truth," Steve said, finally, putting away his plate. "You said there should be no secrets between us."
"Doesn't matter," Steve sighed. "Thanks."
"Of course," Steve answered, absent-mindedly. He wasn't really listening.
At least, Tony didn't faint. Instead, to Steve's surprise, he whistled.
"Good night, Tony," Steve said, after a brief moment of hesitation.
Steve stood up, and the armor reacted instantly to his inner panic. He still didn't quite get a hang of controlling it, with the ease that Tony had, and it reacted to his smaller flares of emotion. Tony would probably call Steve paranoid – he was fully encased in the armor before he fully turned to look at the intruder.
Hulk was still standing next to them.
Steve belatedly realized he said that all out loud. Tony raised his eyebrows and then smirked at him.
"You can sing me a lullaby," the man answered. "I need some time to recuperate. You and Banner can play hide-and-seek in the meantime."
The storm started shortly after midnight. Thunder, rattling windows, car alarms formed an unpleasant cacophony of sounds that reminded Steve of a battlefield. He looked at the street through a blurry window, then closed the curtain and turned back to his laptop. He looked at the ten or so tabs he had opened in his browser with scientific articles, news, historic chronicles, old pictures: all the things that he needed to know about this new world - a whole chasm of information. Steve closed the tabs and ran his tired hand through his hair. It was all highly unusual.
Then again, Steve didn't really know enough about cars to judge, since he liked them much less than motorcycles.
Steve didn't have time to answer – Tony hung up on him.
"I'll be controlling your vitals with this," he explained. "Pulse, blood pressure and all the rest will be on the monitors. Got that? Alright."
"Now, I would wonder if it's aphrodisiac, but even if so, what does it change?" Stark smirked. "Not to mention it wouldn't work."
"Because being completely loyal excludes free will and the ability to make decisions," answered the ba, "I'm a good executor, Captain. But I'm not quite capable of quickly reacting to circumstances. I'm not programmed for that."
"I think, the formula was wrong, not the person, if it's any consolation," Bruce said, slowly. "The man is complete the way he created, and scientists should learn to suffocate their god complex before it grows. If I understood this before..."
"So," Tony kept talking, "he's also offering my help. And, I think, Richards' and Pym's, the latter won't miss such a chance. How's that for company?"
"Steve," Bruce muttered in a dull voice. "Steve, I can't... Steve."
"I... just had this thought, what if you weren't sleeping?" Tony shrugged. "I wasn't, and I'm kind of used to people adjusting to my schedule. That was a bad thought."
"However much I want this to continue," said Tony, his breath hot on Steve's neck, "I have to be on some dreadfully important meeting in a few hours."
"Hi."
Steve shuddered, and Tony grinned at him.
Steve's ears picked up that 'another'. Banner didn't look like a person who could kill someone. Nevertheless, there was something weird, something concerning in all his movements and how he held himself, as if he was hanging off the edge of a cliff.
"Trial run." Hank disappeared again, but this time Steve noticed him, small as an ant, flying from one point to another. He grew to his normal size again next to the aquarium and shook his head.
"No, only the busiest and the most prone to ignoring centuries old traditions," Stark shifted his weight from his heel to toe and, looking at Rogers, decided not to start with the truth. "I started to look up information about you after I was told that you were trying to discreetly learn about me and my family."
"On behalf of what company are you calling?"
"Temporarily," he said in a calm voice. "We're working on a project together. Makes things easier."
"I want you to test your particles on my nanobots."
"So, you do inherit some of the traits of your parents?"
Steve bought a full canister of gas and went back to Bruce, who was mindlessly turning the control wheel of the radio. There was only rattling sound coming from it – either this place had no reception, or the radio was broken.
It was all rather confusing. In the past weeks, Steve got used to a slow, aloof life, almost like in the years before the war. Reed could hardly be called a good conversationalist, Sue came by only a couple of times, and Ben had his own stuff to do. Steve knew what to do alone, and he knew what to do during a war.
"I've read an interesting article written by your compatriot. There's a lot in it about symbolic meaning of the paint, but almost nothing about what's it made of and how it's applied."
"Who else did you expect, hero? You know, you don't make the comfiest safety net. Steve?"
"A rocket!" he yelled, suddenly, getting up. "Hulk, get out!"
Tony laughed, sardonically.
Tony snapped his fingers, and the wide display in front of him lit up, showing the lab. Steve saw himself on the screen – a tiny, thin figure, and the back of Tony half-lying on the desk.
Instead of feeling shame, Tony beamed at the ba:
Reed appeared at the door, seemingly out of nowhere.
"Exactly. People say they even loved each other. The way you can, anyway, in such a strange society," Vorbarton nodded and sighed: he loved his wife and his children so much, he couldn't even imagine how you could be married and yet live without them. "So, they made a nice family, took a couple of secret projects on, one of which – not so secret anymore – was making a son. And then the head of the family, father of our Consul, was killed under mysterious circumstances by unknown perpetrators. Haut Mio went into mourning and became a recluse, and her son, very adventurous for his age, came to Barrayar. Something's wrong here, Steve."
"Steve. Did something happen?"
"I..." he started, but Tony interrupted him:
"Not normally, especially not traits like that." Stark sighed. "My mother, however, has been emotionally attached to my father, so she made some adjustments. Nobody dared argue with her: if an haut-lady wants her son to resemble her husband, that's a lovely quirk, nothing more. My turn. Why is there no information in your Academy archives about your enrollment and graduation?"
"Found it in a phonebook." Steve could almost hear Tony's smirk. "Bring Janet back, or Hank'll bite off my head, and I'm not quite sure I can grow a new one. I don't even wanna try."
"I don't..." Steve got up and stepped towards him "You... Thank you."
"Tomorrow morning?"
"I don't think he'll agree to it," said Steve.
"Reed!"
"Hm... that's very... Betan," commented Stark. "What was your mother's maiden name?"
"Nobody... was asking about that," hissed Tony. "That's just like you... we could've been doing it in the Embassy... in peace and quiet... on a huge bed..."
Tony adjusted something in the wheelchair's controls and moved forward, leaving behind the car, Happy and Ben, who said that he's living with Reed, and so Pym is holding a grudge against him as well. Besides, white walls made him sick.
"Oh," he said, finally. "You're late."
"Guiding a tour," answered Tony, unperturbed. "Trying to charm your girlfriend. Nothing criminal. You should take Janet out more often, you know."
"As a rule, he left everything as it is," answered the ba. "But you can decide for yourself. No one, it seems, is going to be surprised."
The screen of the comm on Jarvis' hand was just big enough to fit all of the haut-lady Mio's message:
"I can imagine," Steve nodded. "So, if not to Eta Ceta, where can we go? Of course, the smartest choice would be to stay here, so we could contact Barrayar instantly, but..."
"Alright," he said, after a pause. "I gotta go, or Pepper will have my head."
"That's a terrible joke," noticed Steve.
"Want to stretch your legs? The gym is underground. I can show you the way. Or, if you want, we can call for Mister Hogan. Master will be asleep for a couple of hours. He'll find you later."
"Why?"
"This one doesn't even need fast-penta," whispered Vorbarton, passing Steve by with a glass of something non-alcoholic, and then whisked away a fellow with too big a mouth from the crowd surrounding the Consul and quickly but efficiently explained to him what he was doing wrong.
For making your mother age
"So, she didn't order you to hurt Barrayaran children?" asked Natasha, more as a formality, than actually considering the Cetagandans still guilty.
"Start with power at 1 percent. Did your armor have stabilizers? Stupid question, of course, it did, otherwise it just wouldn't fly."
"From another world," Bruce echoed. "How come nobody talks about you in the news?"
"Hulk saved me," said Steve and gave him an unsure smile, looking at Bruce's shocked expression. "He shielded me from the bullets and carried me away, I’m guessing, to what he considered a safe place. I think he's not as bad as everybody thinks."
"What are you..." Steve shook his head. "I don't have anything else. I'm not threatening you!"
He didn't look hurt, but Steve still felt uncomfortable.
"How should I know? My job's shooting flies on the wall. No insult meant for you lovely pets, Miss van Dyne," added Barton.
"What do you know," grunted Ben.
"Look at that, I didn't think Cetagandans could treat anyone this well, let alone someone they consider slaves," Clint whispered to Rogers. The consul heard however, and turned to look at them in indignation.
"Alright," Banner said again. "Laptop? Any other tech? Radio beacon?"
"Why?" asked Steve.
It'd been quite a while since Steve drove a car last time. Tony showed him his collection, but of course, just sitting behind a wheel and actually driving were two completely different things. Then again, the pickup wasn't all that different from the cars Steve was used to. Bruce didn't even need to help with anything.
"Where will you go?" he asked.
"Excellent," said Tony. He went to the exit, and Steve looked at his legs against his will – Tony didn't even have a limp.
"Sorry, man, this part is tickets only. Entertain Janet with war stories while we're gone."
"What do you care for my motives, captain Rogers?"
"You should sleep," said Tony, not even making the effort to stand up. He brought the glass up to his lips again, his eyes not leaving something in the darkness. "And sleep well. Great things are waiting for us."
The train arrived late in the evening. The station was almost deserted; Steve found only a half-asleep guy who pointed him in the direction of the closest hotel. The ringing silence seemed almost deafening, and Steve spent a couple of moments in front the hotel’s doors and just listened before entering. In the room, he checked his things and he checked the entrances, as he always did, and only then he allowed himself to relax.
"I... yes. How's your adaptation going? I mean... I don't spend enough time with you, and although Ben says everything's alright, and Sue says everything's alright," Reed sighed. "Sometimes I don't pay enough attention to people. Maybe that's why we broke up with Sue. But that's not the point. How are you?"
"Look at that, he talks," Stark hummed. "And my name’s Tony."
"Because this is exactly what's waiting for us. No personal life. No privacy. Pain is nothing, you can live with it, but what about that personal space you kept lecturing me about?"
"And, Steve," Tony made a pause. "Be careful, alright? Grimm will dismember me if something happens, and then Janet will destroy the pieces that’ll be left of me. And then Pym will join the party and..."
Actually, the thought of getting on an operational table again wasn't at all appealing, but Steve understood what he signed up for when he first agreed to it.
Tony raised his eyebrows, but didn't have time for another quip - Reed pushed his wheelchair out of the kitchen. When the sound of the moving wheelchair was replaced by the voices from behind a closed door, Ben raised his shoulders.
"So you were serious?" Steve asked, surprised.
"His life depended on him. He only relied on you to get his youth and strength back," Tony brushed him off.
"I didn't know he was a ghem-lord," Steve smirked, remembering the old story. "If I knew... There was more truth than it seems in that first personnel file you found on me. I did try to follow in my father's footsteps, but that didn't really work. I was born before my time, I was weak and sickly. If I could pass the theoretical exams for the Academy with relative ease, as for the physical ones... I didn't really excel at that."
"Who says I'm joking?" Tony answered, unperturbed. He took the case and turned towards the city. "Well?"
"I trust you," he said. "Where to next?"
‘Well, isn’t this a good time to stand here ogling his eyes', reprimanded himself Captain Rogers.
"Let's hope there'll be no need for that on this occasion as well," Steve sighed, although inside, his soul was singing and dancing from joy. Finally, he had some real work and not just withering away in the office.
The pigeons soared into the air from a roof of a building nearby, startled by a gust of air. The armor alerted Steve to danger and he moved to the left, avoiding a hit – an arrow flew by him, hitting a building beside Steve and blew up, throwing Steve a few feet forward. The moment it did, Steve raised his hands, firing repulsors, and flew higher.
Tony ran his hand across his forehead in a nervous gesture and finally stopped.
"About that. Johnny wrote me, he says they're back but they have been put on quarantine."
Now, though, looking at utensils in his hands, he was willing to reconsider – he didn't hate, of course, but he most certainly didn't understand how you could possible eat with these things.
"I guess," agreed Steve, but didn't look again at the night sky, instead glancing meaningfully at Clint. The last one only shrugged his shoulders, as if saying 'I don't know why this Cet is practically glued to you'. "I think we have some things to discuss, in lieu of admiring the moons." Rogers decided to take the bull by the horns, although the times than Barrayarans believed Cetagandans to have, besides the braids, also horns, hoofs and sulfurous smoke coming from their nostrils have long passed.
They had to talk, but Steve still didn't know how to start that conversation without looking like he was trying to force Tony to do things his way. There was one way, of course, one thought that occurred to him right when this whole thing started, but he dismissed it, expecting everything to dissolve by itself.
The feeling in Steve's chest was growing. He squeezed his hoodey so hard he felt his fingers hurt.
He went around Steve and stood next to the armor hanging in the alcove. Nothing happened for a couple of seconds, and then the armor's dark eye sockets glowed with soft blue light.
"You read about me on the internet," Tony touched the already cold coffee pot with his fingertips and sighed heavily. "I own a company, I waste my life away, I gather junk. That kind of thing."
"...pain," Steve finished for him, automatically, and almost bit his tongue. Tony's face went completely still, and Steve felt like he lost the rest of the adrenalin still coursing through his body. Silence, heavy and unpleasant, hung in the air, but Tony quickly got ahold of himself.
"I'll think about it in the morning," said Bruce, softly. "Sleep. It's my turn to take watch."
He woke up, having felt someone's presence in the room, but, finding no gun under his pillow, just jumped up, putting his hands in a defensive position.
Steve appreciated his consent with great enthusiasm. He had a half-formed thought in his head, that all this was undignified for a Barrayaran officer, but... the hotter the kisses got, the louder moaned Stark, the less attention he paid to it, until there was none left, melting like an icicle in boiled water.
"I think 'Tony' would suffice. Being cold Anthony makes me feel like I'm a child again, who's about to be reprimanded for something."
It had little in common with a huge clunky machine Steve was used to; it was much more sophisticated, more human-like. Steve couldn't control it. He could feel it – as much as it could feel him – but he couldn't control it. All the usual commands left the hunk of metal unmoving.
"And he's not the only one," said Tony. He stood to the left of Steve and waved the tickets in the air. "I had to buy all the tickets around our sits. I hate people crowding me. I'd buy the whole train, but then we'd have to wait a whole day here."
"Yes?" Steve answered the moment his phone started vibrating.
"I guess," agreed Steve. He made another step, almost stumbled again and pushed his hand through his hair in an anxious gesture. "This'll take hours. Come here."
Stark considered it, drawing his eyebrows together, most likely trying to figure out what Steve was alluding to, as Steve had to do earlier upon hearing the tea's name. In Stark's place, Steve would be planning on surrounding himself with books and dictionaries in the evening, he was used to that during his rehabilitation and courses, but of course, only the Cetagandan knew what he was planning on doing.
"A museum sounds nice," answered Steve.
It also didn't say anywhere that he was disabled, but Steve attributed that to a recent trauma. Tony was apparently not all that willing to share information about his life with the press.
Silence fell. Steve seriously considered saying no, but then remembered the small art shop on a quiet street in Brooklyn and, for some reason, Solomon's black dog.
"You're upset I didn't call you?" Steve adjusted the phone and made himself comfortable on the bed. He didn’t say anything for a moment, then closed his eyes and continued, "Tony, I want to talk to him and learn everything I can. This is important."
The day was exhausting, more than any attack he ever had to carry out, and he seriously didn't understand why Tony still bothered with him. The man in question frowned.
He raised his hand again and slowly, in a flowing move, put his hand on the round border of the reactor, the tips of his fingertips touching Steve's skin. It was exhilarating. Steve lowered his gaze, following Tony's every move: how he pressed the reactor lightly, drew something with his thumb, immediately, without even looking, starting to type something on the tablet. Steve noticed that he moved too close only when he felt the man's breath with his skin.
"You'll get used to it," commented an almost grown-up girl, passing them by with a tray full of cups. The tray was really heavy, pulling her sideways, but she was keeping her balance with a help of... a squirrel's tail?
"Actually, there's you, for starters," said Janet.
He kept muttering something under his breath, quieter and quieter, until he stopped talking altogether. Something screeched, some kind of mechanism coming into motion, and a door behind the aquarium opened. Hank slipped there, losing the blanket in the process.
"And encourage my psychosis?" Tony hummed. "Wait with the planning, this wasn't all of it."
"Actually, I was going to ask you what caused such an interest in me. And also, since we have a chance to talk uninterrupted, to ask some things about your face paint."
While he was getting his backpack, Bruce kept speaking in a slow, monotone voice.
"We'll get out a bit earlier," he said to the driver. If Janet was surprised, she didn't comment on it, until they left the taxi and started walking around the little streets.
"No, it's fine," Tony snorted. "I enjoyed it, actually. I don't understand the purpose of this sock over your body, but it does accentuate your muscles quite nicely."
Steve, without saying a word, let him go and left the room. Stark's retort left him without a will to live, let alone a will to keep proving his Empire was right in not letting a sickly asthmatic into the army, that that was on its own caring about him – in a common for Barrayar harsh and stern way. He wanted to crawl somewhere and sit in silence, since there was no gym with weight machines in his reach.
Quite unexpectedly and untimely, Steve got curious, as to who this weird Tony Stark person was. At first, Steve thought he was a businessman, probably because of his bodyguard and his expensive suit. Now, though, he was more inclined to think that Tony was someone that inventors - like Reed and Hank - sold his designs to. He wondered if there was a special word for it.
At that moment, the door opened, and a huge cage passed through, the person holding it barely visible behind it. Janet excused herself and rushed to help put it in one of the vaults.
"That was stupid," said Tony instead of a greeting.
"How's your arm?"
Again, he dived into Captain Rogers' personal records, looking for confirmation to his thoughts.
He was exhausted, not because of the danger, but the way he usually got after controlling the armor for too long. He felt nauseous again. Tony still looked like a man with a broken and mangled hand - there were visible drops of sweat on his forehead, and his lip was twitching, as if he was trying to stop his face from making a grimace of pain. He was also slightly moving the fingers of his right healthy hand.
"That's where you should've hidden for at least a dozen of years," Tony sighed, wistfully. "But you'll die from boredom, there's nothing really to do, there. Alright, Escobar it is."
Steve smiled, almost against his will, and followed her.
Solomon shrugged.
Steve looked around and noticed that they were still in the workshop, and the armor was still near. He had to just slightly reach for it, and it would answer at once.
Janet stubbornly pressed her lips together, but in a couple of moments she stood up, leaning on Steve.
There was a tablet in front of him with a holographic model of the armor. He couldn't really see it well, because of all the light, but Tony was apparently undisturbed by that.
"He likes you, too," Steve chuckled and disconnected the call.
"Do you have a different explanation?" asked Vorbarton. "I'm more curious about another thing: what's he doing here and are there Jackson's Whole agents around? That would be very unfortunate. Cetagandans, at least, have a certain code of conduct, as for the Jacksonians..."
"Are you trying to be friendly? Stop it," Tony snorted, watching Steve put aside his spoon. "That is worse than a glowing thing in your chest, right though? You haven't even seen all my childhood pictures – before Howard figured out how to make it see-through I was all blue like a freaking andorian."
Steve swayed awkwardly on his feet, pushed by the wind, but quickly straightened again. The tip of the arrow aimed at him followed his movement, never leaving its aim at his reactor.
Tony grabbed a couple of burgers and swallowed them, barely giving himself time to unwrap them, let alone chew. Steve didn't like looking at him, because he still felt nauseous. He didn't want to leave Tony's side, though, or even move away far enough that their hands would stop touching. He made himself turn away and look around.
"And I need to see lab results for the blood."
"Are you threatening me?" clarified Faustus, unperturbed. He shook his head, as if threats were somehow breaking the etiquette. "Uncalled for. You're the one responsible for your problems, Mister Stark."
That wasn't in Steve's plans, so he shrugged and kept looking at everything in cheerful and relaxed fashion. Judging by what he saw, Walter... that is, Howard chose a good cover, he did resemble the locals quite a lot.
Nothing happened for a few seconds, and then Steve felt like something pushed, grabbing him by his collar like a kitten and throwing him out the door. His chest around the reactor hurt, and his head was ringing, as if somebody just punched him. Steve swore, swayed on his feet and grabbed the corner of the table leaving deep dents from his metal fingers.
He kept talking, but Steve got distracted, watching his lips move, the flutter of his eyelashes, his nervously shifting eyes, as if he was looking for something. Steve suddenly thought that Tony didn't quite realize what happened – too excited about scientific implications of it – and to remind him, Steve put both hands on his chest. Tony stopped talking and lowered his gaze.
"What happened to Tony?"
Steve shrugged.
"I could've died dozens of times at war," said Steve, undisturbed. "We're not going anywhere today. I'll drive the car behind these trees," he waved at the side of the road. "We'll sit down, rest, and you can tell me everything if you want to."
When Tony came close enough, Steve put his hands around his neck and transferred half his weight on Tony, which made things quite easier. The army, among other things, taught Steve to take help when his own condition didn't allow him to successfully finish the mission. Even if the mission was just getting to his own bed.
"Bruce..."
They were let inside without questions, the sight of Tony's raised eyebrow was all it took. The spacious, shining corridors had huge, taller than human, windows, the sight of which somehow disturbed Steve. This place, like any open, hardly protected territory, was dangerous: too many people, too few places to hide in, and glass. The smallest explosion would... Steve shook his head.
The people in black suits left. The only reminder of what just happened was an ambulance parked next to the building and empty corridors.
The Cetagandan disappeared into thin air again, leaving Steve with his drugged tea and unanswered questions.
"Not as much decided... and not as much to help. Let's say, I'm her eyes, ears and hands. I'm much more used to being the brains, so this is somewhat of a downgrade for me. But if an haut-lady wants something done, ghem-lords nod and do it. That's stronger than any personality."
"I'm human," Steve insisted. "I'm just..."
Steve went around the second armchair and sat down. It was so big and soft, that at first Steve almost drowned in it, so when Tony came back, he was perched on its edge, trying to look as comfortable as he possibly could despite not feeling like it at all.
He moved away, quickly stepped to the other side of the room, to a cupboard with sliding doors.
"Captain Rogers, has anyone ever told you that you're a spoilsport?" Captain Vorbarton's tone sounded almost official. He was usually such a fun and bright person, so easy-going, that a lot of people mistakenly presumed him to be shallow.
"I'll drive," he repeated. "I have a delightfully huge car now, the chair doesn't fit into a sports car, and I didn't have time to assemble a new one."
The tea was light, almost transparent, with a hint of jasmine and scopolamine. Steve, who was made allergic to all types of pentothal, appreciated the traditional choice of the drug by his host, as he swerved the tea in his cup and enjoyed the pleasant smell.
He was giving him worried looks, and only then Steve noticed his head was in Tony's lap. They took off parts of the armor from him: the plates on his chest, his face and his hands were gone, but Steve could still feel the parts of the armor on his back.
"I've no phone," reminded him Steve. "Actually I think I'll..."
Bruce's shoulders twitched and he carefully sat down, with his back to a wheel once again.
"Don't knock anything of," Hand muttered, "also, why are you..."
He started thinking about women. Actually, nothing was stopping Steve from finding a girlfriend, even at war, among the nurses, for example, and some of the rebels were beautiful, wonderful, reckless women, that did pay attention to Steve. But remembering his breakup with Gail, remembering how hard a relationship could be with someone, for whom his duty to his country would always come first, stopped him from acting upon any of it. His burden put too much responsibility on him. The Iron Man was too important.
The Cetagandan stood up and started pacing the room to help himself think, probably.
Thinking about the senior Stark, Steve automatically started looking for something familiar in his surroundings. A sign, a brand, just something...
Steve carefully put all the dishes in the sink and turned on the water. Physical work like that calmed him and made it easier to think. Then again, there wasn't much to think about in this situation. Steve belatedly realized the whole thing would've probably been easier if he and Tony didn't know each other.
Bruce chuckled nervously.
The calm affected Steve in a strange way. He hasn’t really had a chance to travel, neither in this world, nor in the past, but now, far away from skyscrapers looming above him and all that neon, he thought about it. The war was over, Europe wasn't burning anymore, and the roads were open.
"I can't move my pinky," Tony answered immediately. "So the local bohemia thinks I'm an ignorant dumbass. I'm..." he hesitated, "I'm coming back in a couple of days. Do you still want all that stuff we talked about?"
Behind it, there was a spiral staircase that went very deep down.
"I understand," said Steve, softly. "That's why I'm suggesting we start with little things."
"You give it orders from the outside of it, but you don't have... a reactor," Steve said in an unsure voice. "A control center."
"No, I came when the system told me you're awake. Raise your hand. Now left. Does anything hurt?"
"Are you afraid of storms?"
"I'm all ears," reassured her Steve.
"What do you mean? They didn't like each other, and it affected their son?"
"That's..."
Tony didn't try to be witty anymore, he was concentrating hard, his eyebrows drawn together, his eyes dark, he was clearly in pain. He couldn't not be in pain, whatever he said and however well he managed to hold himself.
"I'm not a hostage!" He shouted. The man with the megaphone fell silent.
He whistled for his dog and went outside, holding the door for his pet to pass.
The Betan Orb was just outstanding, even though Steve had to admit that what was considered as open-minded on Barrayar, on Beta was seen as extreme puritanism and quickly abolished. Even Tony had to admit that Cetagandan bed life was too serious and prim in some cases.
Hearing her words, Steve imagined going through endless lab corridors, but that wasn't what Janet had in mind.
"Loud noises," he repeated. "Alright, I won't distract you anymore. I need to check the calculations one more time. Victor will never stop mocking me, if he finds a mistake."
"Where did you get that?" asked Stark. "Do you always bring cognac on your journeys?" he inquired, after sniffing the air.
Steve still thought about what happened, sometimes; wondered, if he'd ever have a chance to learn what happened in his world. Who won in the war? Who wore the armor in his place? What happened to Faustus?
They stopped next to steel doors of the elevator that Tony brought them to. The guard was punching some numbers into the panel and arguing with someone on the radio. Steve leaned on the wall and looked around.
He was standing next to Steve's bed, looking surprisingly awake compared to how he was earlier.
And, of course, Hank sitting amidst the chaos, with a medic trying to measure his blood pressure.
On the other hand, it was good Reed wasn't here. Otherwise, it was likely Faustus would target him as well.
They were walking in silence, but it wasn’t uncomfortable, despite Steve's expectations.
The room was filled with warm light. Steve realized, with a weird feeling, that not much time passed since his waking up this morning, even though to him it seemed like eternity ago.
Steve rubbed his face and shook his head.
"Excuse me, but I'm afraid I'll have to leave you for a moment. It seems my face paint got smudged," he declared and swiftly disappeared into one of the well-concealed restrooms. His movement made a few bright holographic leaves tear from the equally holographic branches and slowly fall under the guests' feet. Artfully constructed illusion lay on the floor for a few more moments, pleasing the guests' eyes, and then disappeared like a mirage.
"I want nothing from you but information," Steve confirmed. "And I won't disturb you anymore after I get it."
Tony stepped back and raised his eyebrow – either ironically, or condescendingly, Steve couldn’t quite tell. He decided not to pay it any attention.
They went their separate ways, after hardly exchanging a few words. Tony's voice sounded unsure and lost, Tony himself looked like somebody just hit him over the head. As for Steve, he was completely exhausted, strangely paralyzed and deafened. He read about sensory deprivation some time ago, and he thought that was what it probably felt like.
"The ghem-colonel himself could get those codes for his servant. He visited the bank before, during a welcoming tour. Although, how could you learn and write them down?"
"It's not only about..."
"I," he hesitated. "I wanted to be an artist before..." Before the world war started, he almost said, but held himself in time. "Before I decided to enlist."
He noticed the armor moving. Even with the reactor turned off, the movement echoed in his body. Steve stubbornly denied himself connection with it. He remembered how awful it was the last time, and he also remembered Tony saying it could kill him.
Captain Rogers did know about this 'flying soap bubble', haut-ladies that appeared sometimes in the news reels moved around with these special anti-gravity platforms with the force bubbles around them. The bubbles themselves were transparent only from the inside, so those unworthy could not look at the ladies flying somewhere on their business, but the ladies themselves could see everything and draw conclusions. Having to step down the social ladder to become a wife of a ghem-lord, haut Mio did lose the right to use this symbol of the highest race. Steve wondered if she indeed regretted it.
"In the common tongue, Yu Ju means jade pole," the ghem-lord added with a somewhat peculiar smile. Steve thought that he should get a new manual, this time on Cetagandan tea, and possibly a third one about Cetagandan innuendos.
"I honestly didn't want to offend you in any way," he said, after finding the ba in a room small like a pencil case dedicated to the video collection. "But I'm afraid your master won't believe me."
"I shouldn't have wasted time writing you a repentant limerick," decided Steve, right at the door, and delayed making amends till better time. "And I definitely shouldn't have wasted time on a portrait. You're not fine at all, are you?" he touched Stark's forehead and almost snatched his hand away. "You've a fever!"
"Jesus, Grimm failed your adaptation spectacularly."
"You like the view?" he asked, irrationally irritated. Going to sleep, he didn't put a shirt on, and it seemed stupid to cover himself up with a sheet now. "Why are you here, Tony?"
"I was told not to let To- ghem-lord Stark out of my sight. To help him to the best of my abilities. To send her weekly reports, and to contact her immediately in any extenuating circumstances. That's it."
"Right," Tony gave him a quick glance. "The phone. Then I'll just come by."
"This is stupid," she muttered. "Something's wrong with Hank. He jumped at dawn and dashed somewhere, mumbling about a conference, or whatever, but who's going to hold a conference on Sunday at four in the morning? Besides, I'd know, I know everything about Hank's meetings."
Ben sighed heavily.
She opened his last letter, to read it again in hopes of inspiration.
A thought that Hank could've just been crushed in the ruckus crossed both their minds and hung in the air – heavy, almost tangible. Steve didn't want to ask that aloud, and Tony wasn't going to mention it, apparently.
Steve, completely in favor of that proposition, doubled his efforts, making Stark bit his lip and arch his back as if he was going to do a bridge, despite an additional weight of a hundred kilograms. His moans were so sweet, that Steve didn't have a chance of lasting any longer.
"I'm not coming," said Bruce, softly. He raised his head from his crossed hands. "I can't go to big cities."
"Except for Jackson's Whole, of course," chirped one of the Embassy's officers, clearly considering it safe to speak about. "People say what they do there is genuinely miraculous."
Steve, though, was somewhat scared for him.
Precisely an hour later Steve put the Beretta covered in wrapping paper into his backpack, closed the storage room and the cash register, fixed his hair in front of a mirror and went outside, not forgetting to turn around the 'open' sign. Solomon laughed at Steve's diligence sometimes, but he couldn't behave any other way, and he got used to friendly jabs at his character during the war. Steve was consistent and scrupulous, especially when he was stressed, and he was stressed all the time.
"Tony?"
"I know a few Russians," Tony choked on a laugh. "If they're all that way, I really should go to bed. Here," he said, before Steve could interject, "I sleep here. You can wander around the mansion, talk to Jarvis, if you find him. He's a bit mad at me, so he's staying away."
"No, wait." Steve raised his head. Tony was looking at him and biting his lower lip. "I was fourteen or fifteen, don't remember, I was bored, and I thought... Seriously. Nothing special."
Faustus raised his cane again, showing Steve its carved head, there was some scheme there, something mechanic, Steve was hard pressed to understand, what exactly, but Tony would probably know. That thought, about Tony, brought with it a gnawing feeling of loss, and it occurred to Steve that he'd already made his choice, the moment he heard the question.
"What happened to the last one?" he asked.
"We've a trusting relationship." Tony breathed out, loudly. He dropped his head on his hands again and rubbed his temples, as if trying to chase away the sleepiness. "I polish it, it follows my orders."
"How do you even..."
"Do you have a phone here?"
"Sorry?"
"Get in," he said. "You'll tell me everything on the way. And call me Bruce."
"Stand down, soldier," Tony hummed. He took something from his pocket and threw it to Steve, who barely managed to catch it. "That's a USB-drive for Reed. He'll be happy as a pig."
Steve thought, distractedly, that talking to Tony required so much patience it would be enough to lock Hulk in Doctor Banner's body forever.
"Reed didn't want to make it public." Steve hesitated, "he probably thought he could send me back. It was... a mistake? An accident."
He noticed Janet, Hank and Barton standing around him, and Hulk hovering over them all, hiding half of the sky from Steve's view.
Going through the staircases in the armor proved quite a challenge, but Steve wasn't complaining. He felt himself coming closer to his target with every passing second of his internal timer, and, like a drawn bow, he was ready to shoot at any moment.
Janet rattled off the address and hung up. Steve went back to his browsing.
The armor's scanning system suggested it was a tracking device and that Hawkeye already knew where to look for him, and Janet kept watching Steve expecting him to know what to do.
"The doors are always open for you," said Solomon. He pulled the door. "Besides, I broke the lock."
Steve expected the mansion to be empty – except for Jarvis, of course, but Jarvis didn't really count. Then he came into the kitchen, though he found Happy there, half-asleep and listening to monotonous voice of Animal Planet's narrator. Steve froze at the door, fighting the urge to disappear unnoticed.
Tony didn't answer, and Steve turned around. Tony was sitting with his chin in his hand, looking absently at the wall.
"You know for what," Steve interrupted. "Really, Tony. If you really want me to be angry at you for knocking me out, I will be. But I'd rather not."
"Oh," Tony laughed. Steve could almost feel his gaze on his skin. Maybe, his healing factor was paired with seeing in the dark. "That's so me. Being tired is worse than alcohol, completely loosens my tongue."
"Charge your phone sometimes."
Steve had plenty of time to enjoy the silence, and then get bored again. Judging by lack of crazy activity from the Consul, he found quite satisfying the fake 'true' dossier, the supposedly shameful past of the elder Rogers, the problems it caused his son and their happy resolution and lost all interest in the captain. The cCaptain himself couldn't say the same, but his interest migrated from the Consul to all his countrymen, so he quite profoundly confused the librarians, starting to order documents that went out of free access due to never being needed on everything that had to do with Cetagandan Empire. The author of most of them was the same curious person Henn Rau, and seeing as the first was signed Captain Rau, and the last – Colonel Rau, the Cetagandan wasn't known only for his literary ambitions.
"I'm giving you an opportunity," Tony said, finally.
"That city's too big," answered Bruce, shaking his head. "Too many people, too many cars and airports around."
"Shouldn't be. If your body started rejecting nanobots, you'd be already on life support. Does anything else hurt?"
Steve looked down, embarrassed. It wasn't even that he didn't know how to talk to women, the army teaches you a lot of things, and one time soldiers, grateful for the rescue, even took him to a brothel. It was more that he really didn't know anyone here; he barged into other people's place and didn't even know, why.
Natasha looked clearly surprised but didn't say anything, letting Steve recall it. The discussion had nothing to do with her questions, but the Cetagandans looked like it was important.
He came back to it on a small couch, but didn't even have time to get up – someone's hands pushed him down again.
"I don't think I've ever smelled a whole perfume shop. Or – even less likely – a Cetagandan."
They aimed their weapons at the same time: Steve his repulsors, and the fair-haired man – his bow.
"Oh yes, the chatter of the teeth does help to become friends faster," agreed Stark and gave Steve a surprisingly soft smile, as if to show that he wasn't angry, this was just his way of talking.
"I believe you," Steve answered faster than he could think. Bruce looked at him. His eyes glowed in the light of fire.
"Well, you still need sugar," said Tony. "Let's go."
"In Paris. D'you want a pic of me with the Eifel tower?"
Something-That-Can-Never-Be,
"Do I look like a sadist?"
"It's fine," said the medic, clearly glad to have his internal conflict solved. "Based on the baseline measurements, at least. We couldn't perform any tests."
"No," Steve's rough voice surprised himself. Tony raised his head, abruptly. "No life support. I'm asking you to kill me."
"Yes," Stark admitted, briefly. "And don't even think of trying to cure me with ethanol. I'd rather have that healing moss that my dad chewed on all the time. But we don't have any."
"Did you want something?" he spat out.
"This is exactly what you should keep thinking," said Natasha, all of a sudden, clearly considering Stark's words. "Let's say, the Cetagandans do care for children. Let's say, haut-ladies, keepers of the nation's gene pool, wouldn't even think of hurting other people's offspring. Let's say, the ba was set up by people who didn't recognize it for what it is. Who would benefit from it?"
Tony looked at them with genuine hurt on his face. Reed stood next to him and did his best not to look curious.
"So she is capable of speaking clearly after all! Thank you, Jarvis, especially for not dragging me from important business by my ears, even if I asked you to."
"I do like them," Steve answered, trying to be consistent and precise, which he did every time he didn't feel confident. "Steve Rogers. Yes."
"Looks like real trees, too, not holographic ones. People here don't like the illusions the way we do."
"If you learn anything..."
While Steve nodded and agreed, a thought raced through his mind, that he believed in Cetagandan ability to tell the truth even less than in their demonstrative friendliness, but he let it go. The important thing was to not say anything unnecessary and to learn from the Cetagandan more than he could learn from Steve, or the Colonel wouldn't ever forgive him.
"It doesn't matter anyway," he muttered in his excuse. "I don't know how to read them."
The last few months, it seemed, Steve's whole world was centered around Tony, and he wasn't about to lose this new one, after already losing his world before.
"So was I," Tony threw a side-glance at him and nodded at a small metal case. "Try mine. I think, the reactor shouldn't cause any problems, the armor uses it as a repulsor weapon and a source of energy."
"Maybe, it didn't buy the... potential weapon, but received it from the mastermind of the crime," Natasha suggested, not willing to give up the idea.
"This is going to take a while without the special products," Stark warned and, excusing himself, turned around, starting to torture his face with the wipes. About seven minutes later, apparently satisfied with the results of a tactile examination of his face, he turned around and gave them a less confident smile, obviously feeling the lack of the face paint. Natasha looked at him curiously: she's never seen a Cetagandan without their face paint before, and now it turned out a cleaned ghem-lord wasn't all that different from a vor-lord, if you don't take into account the hair.
"Listen, I knew what to expect, the story with Steve showed me," Howard spread his hands and sat down on the corner of the table. "Alive, I would draw unneeded attention. Think about it, ghem-lord Stark at war with Jackson's Whole Houses! Dead, I'm of no importance. All these children were brought here as biological samples, at least, that's what the technicians see them as. Escobar is one of the biotechnological centers. There's nothing weird about a head of a corporation travelling god knows where for samples from time to time."
"I am telling you no," said Steve. "I'm not going to tell you why I was at the front lines."
"We're going for a vacation tomorrow. Away from this city," Janet breathed out loudly. "To my father's cottage."
Bruce came to his senses abruptly. He raised his head and looked at Steve through the tousled hair falling on his forehead.
The ba shrugged. Sometimes it was very pleased with its status – having to process large amounts of information was one thing, having to think for itself however...
Steve didn't hear what he was going to say. He put his hands parallel to the earth and flew up, making Hawkeye sway back from the force of it. Just in a few moments, the roof was far behind him. It somewhat surprised Steve that there were no arrows flying after him, but he figured it was for the best.
Steve already knew what USB-drives were, as well as CDs. A computer was the second device Steve learned to use in this world, and the most important one, if you ignore coffee-machines, of course.
"Sorry." Steve rubbed his face with his hand, pushing away the hair. "It's just... no civilian ever... only the doctors during the adaptation."
"That's why," he explained, "I'll need to handcuff you to a chair and you'll keep flinching every time I try to touch you afterwards. God, if only you knew how much I miss blueprints." He stretched, making his neck crack. "But my bots react to your reactor, so mine and the nameless war genius' technology is similar in some way," Tony muttered. "Except for the thing where incompatibility can burn your nerves." He dropped the stylus and reached for the glass. "Which means, if there’s a mistake, you'll probably stay alive but paralyzed. Or turn into a vegetable."
Bruce moved again, trying to settle down more comfortably.
"Here are the messages, so I don't forget about them tomorrow," he handed Steve a couple of colored disks. "One is for my colleague on Athos, one is for your... what's his name now? Colonel Fury? Some people change names way too often. You are coming home at some point, right? Hand it to him then."
It cheered up upon noticing the Consul, almost beaming, but then looked away in guilt.
The armor was almost constantly moving, changing, fitting, following Steve's half-conscious demands. He didn't even have to think about it, it was natural, like breathing.
Somewhere in the flat, a loud crash was followed by Tony's unkind laughter. Steve squirmed. The new world was definitely more loud than the one he was used to.
Hank raised his gaze, and Steve nodded. Scientists, like Hank, Reed, and even Tony, were closed off and headstrong, they could run away any moment to pursue an idea or a thought they had. Nobody would blink an eye, if they suddenly rushed off to a conference at five o'clock in the morning. Nobody would notice.
That somewhat dissuaded Steve, who was just about to ask, if the last ghem-lord Stark had a spare identity named Walter, 'just Volt, for friends', who pretended to be a slightly mad but genius scientist from Escobar.
"Listen," said Steve, carefully landing on the roof, raising clouds of smoke and debris from the concrete. "Do I understand correctly that you can't allow me to look into the situation with Maya Hanson?"
"You're even more paranoid than I am," muttered Bruce.
"I wanted to take a walk anyway," he said. "Is Tony home?"
"Laughing about it," she echoed. "But what if..."
The city was waking up. Any other day Steve would love to watch New York come alive – there was something mesmerizing about the sight, especially from above. Cars filled the roads, people milled about like ants. Buildings flew past him, looking like they were molded from whole glass, but all Steve could think about inevitably brought him back to Tony. He was still hopelessly trying to connect and to feel another man's pulse under his throat, only calming down when he felt the distant familiar feeling. Mostly, he was deceiving himself and hated himself for it.
"Sign here for the delivery, please."
Janet was silent for a few more minutes.
"Iron Man," Tony echoed his words. "Figures."
The bright red armor was shining in the sunlight. Steve remembered how clunky and awkward his own armor looked in the air – it was hard to keep it up, it was always swaying to the side, and it rather jumped than actually flew. Tony's armor (Steve was sure that was it) soared like a bird and landed gracefully, the sight fascinating. Any other time, Steve would admire it, but now he just felt a rush of mindless irritation. What the hell was Tony doing here?
Jarvis thought about it for some time, looking back at his formulas.
Steve shuddered, feeling his face undeniably go red. Tony laughed and leaned down, touching his lips to Steve's neck. The anxiety enveloping Steve started receding, and he felt himself relax, slowly. He put his hand on the back of Tony's head, treading his fingers through the man's hair. The sensation was new, all of this was new to him, but – to his own surprise – he wasn't bothered by it.
"Tony," he said, "what are you doing here?"
"Water," Bruce answered, distracted. "There's a canister in the back."
The mask of confusion finally lifted off Tony's face. He raised his cup.
Something was happening on the lower floors. Steve was hearing distant noises, as if something massive was moving towards them. He shook his head, brushing unhelpful thoughts aside.
Then he froze, shocked by the loud noise the door made. He was breathing heavily and had to apply considerable effort into making his hands stop forming fists. Tony was standing in front of him half-naked, his lips stretched into an unpleasant smirk.
"How are you feeling?" asked Tony, his amusement evident in his voice. "Judging by your face before the helmet closed, you're in heaven."
"No," she said. "Rest, nature and relaxation. No science talk. That means you, too, Tony."
But then, as if from far away, Steve could feel pressure growing and his skin starting to itch. He breathed out, in relief. He hardly knew what to do now, though, he didn’t plan that far ahead, and now he could only wait for Tony to notice and make his move.
"It's a little cramped," noticed the ghem-lord, looking all around himself.
On the train, Tony laid out their meager belongings, leaned back, relaxing, and stretched out his legs till the tips of his boots touched Steve's.
"What a grand introduction," Tony snorted. He wasn't as tense anymore, and he smirked, waving his cane. "This is the place where a whole bunch of people in white coats research millions of things that nobody cares about, Steve. Boring. The most important discoveries are made at home, in the kitchen."
"And you're going to run around the streets showing it off?" Solomon frowned, as if Steve just said something stupid. "Laws are for those who don't have their own brain. Take it or leave it. I'll go take a walk."
"I was just thinking that those won't make a good impression on a sick person," said Steve. "I'll show them to you when you get better. Is that a good enough incentive to try to do it faster?"
He threw his bag on a bed that looked huge and awfully soft (Steve hardly could imagine sleeping on it), paced around the room for a while, threw a glance at himself in the mirror and went to look for Tony.
The most difficult thing was watching his words to not touch upon anything potentially traumatic. What could he talk about? The war?
"Alright," he said. "I need to explain our course of action, I guess. We're going to get to the nearest gas station, get some food and water, then we'll get the rest of the metal out of my hand, and, since you insist on it so much, I'll allow you to make a splint. Then we'll get on a train and go back to New York. You'll work in your shop again, and I'll rebuild the armor, so it doesn't crush me next time. Deal?"
After a few minutes of metaphorically crawling up walls and cursing himself with all words imaginable, the Captain went to work on building bridges. He started with Jarvis.
"We're on the roof," answered Steve, simply. "How do you know my number?"
"Perhaps," the Consul smiled mysteriously which made the patterns on his face, even more intricate than the last time, form a peculiar picture, "should we go somewhere quite?"
"Who is that he?" asked Tony, but the boy only snorted, thinking he was being joked with. How can anybody not know whose house that was?
"So, you're saying, that their home life was wrong because they liked each other?" Steve asked, surprised.
"Hmm, I'm guessing, unlike the leaves, this is real," whispered Tony, which made another girl, red-haired, with black tattoos and cat-like green eyes roll them at Tony's remark.
"I'll call you." Steve's voice was composed and sure, as if he hoped to transfer his calmness to Janet. "Don't worry."
Steve's eyes, jumping over headlines, stumbled upon a familiar word. He scrolled up and clicked the link: nothing special, just a report of a car accident, only... 'The person responsible for the accident was a Future Farm scientist Maya Hanson. According to preliminary data, the woman was under influence of drugs and refused to give any comments. She was brought to the nearest hospital...' The announcement was followed by a warning about traffic jams.
"Well, I can hardly fight you right now," Stark gave him a feeble smile. "So yes, I will. And... are we reconciled? I won't get any poetry or presents? That's a shame. Should've stayed angry longer."
Serving in the army changed Steve completely. If before he would've thought that he'd never walk five miles, now he just knew he had to pace himself, conserve his water and have some cover from the sun. He was trained the same way other soldiers were, even harder – how likely it was that the enemy could capture the armor depended on his ability to survive. His ability and his determination, really: Steve was taught how to shoot the reactor on the first few days of training.
"The rest of the truth-serum drugs are likely useless due to the same reasons, I get it," Rogers nodded. "Lead the way. Let's see why the Consul of cultural affairs allows his servants to be so... uncultured."
"Alright, try to disconnect," he muttered, quickly going towards the monitors. "I still hope the link is through the armor, otherwise we'll definitely have to drag Pym here, and I hate letting other scientists into my workshop." He was speaking quickly and not quite clearly, like he always did when he was nervous.
to me
"How can I be sure?" Stark smirked. "Nobody thought of putting a prophetic device in me, what an oversight on their part. Stop talking, will you? I thought you were a man of action."
Happy left, leaving Steve in the kitchen with only a hissing coffee machine for company. He looked at it, his thoughts a mile away, not quite sure why he turned it on in the first place. He didn't finish the coffee.
"And you are trying to steer the conversation away from your possible involvement," added Vorromanof, to cover all bases.
"I didn't say anything like that," bit back Steve. "And I didn't mean anything like that. How do you manage to always choose to understand the most twisted and ugly things from everything I say, that I didn't even mean? I only wanted to say that a Barrayaran officer is not a damsel in distress that has to be guarded like the apple of your eye. He's the one who has to protect peace and order!"
Solomon answered the phone only after ten in the evening, when the shop should've already been closed. He listened to Steve attentively, went quiet for a few moments and only then asked:
"Why do you have the armor?" Steve immediately asked.
Ben's visible cheered up, and Steve hurried to answer:
"I won't help you," finished Tony, purposefully putting his hands behind his back. The gesture was pointless, Steve knew perfectly well Tony could control the armor with just a thought; even the clicking fingers he used to do was only out of habit.
"Smart," Steve closed his eyes and finished his coffee in two swallows, treating it like medicine, the only difference being it left a sticky sweet taste in his mouth instead of sour. "Then, can we go check the armor?”
Steve realized that he was once more desperately lacking information and knowledge.
"It wasn't supposed to work," he said.
They fell silent. Steve looked at Tony, trying to understand if he was joking, but the man's face was expressionless. He raised his eyebrow and smirked.
"Reed's a great guy, but he's most likely convinced he's doing you a favor by leaving you in an empty flat all alone," Tony turned his head and gave him a wide smile. "You know, silence, no annoying people around, nothing stopping you from doing science. The fact that not all people are scientists on this planet skips his head all the time, and it's no use explaining that to him." Tony took a breath. "In other words, nope, I came on my own."
"Yeah," he said, slowly. "It was worth it."
Janet was going to argue, but a phone call interrupted her. She yanked the mobile from her purse and frowned.
"Why?" asked Steve. "Why me? How can you offer something like that to someone you saw just two times in your life?" He tried to speak in a calm manner, and that made his words sound clipped. "That's your armor. Your world. Protect it. You found a way."
"We were curious about the autumn garden in a winter city. Then we learned the leaves are holographic, and that brought even more questions. Jarvis suggested that you have a powerful source of energy in your basement, and that's how you deal with excess it generates."
"Doctor Banner!" The voice sound deafening through a megaphone. "Release your hostage, surrender, and nobody will get hurt."
"Don't mind it, just a joke you wouldn’t understand. Call me after you talk to Banner."
He wasn't trying to break free anymore. The water was still coming in, to Steve's chest, to Steve's neck, till it felt like he couldn't breathe. He couldn't understand where he ended and another person began, and for some reason, couldn't find strength neither to break of his gaze, nor to stop touching.
"Were you standing here the whole time?" asked Steve, confused. He moved back a bit, and Tony obediently let him go.
"An invitation to spend the evening drinking tea and talking," answered Stark, honestly.
Steve wasn't even a professional artist, let alone poet. But he was driven by sudden bout of inspiration and, to be frank, honestly wanted to make amends. Stark was... too interesting to let pass the opportunity to get to know him. Too irritating. But also necessary?
She couldn't finish, but Steve understood anyway, by the way she was trying not to look around and notice dark red spots on the walls.
It would be safer to disconnect from it, but Steve couldn't. He was trapped, hurting and disoriented, as the man with the cane was eyeing him from head to toe.
"It was always a smart ba," Howard nodded, calm. "Alright, I'll start with the message later. Come," he walked towards a very Cetagandan-looking screen, pushed it away, touched a control panel, and a part of the wall moved away silently.
Tony stepped back, still smirking, the corner of his lip twitching anxiously.
"Nice," Tony smirked. He was looking even more pathetic from Steve's height: his hand was hanging like a rag, and Tony was visibly shaking. "I don't know about hide-and-seek, but we're definitely going to play chase."
As it turned out, Vorromanof didn't start dissecting the Cetagandan, but she was dangerously close to it. She reacted badly to interference at first, but, noticing the familiar faces, warmed up to them. Seeing them enter a tiny room with walls an unpleasant greyish green color, the Consul cheered up as well.
"My mother gave it to me," confessed Stark. "She's an haut-lady, and the ba belonged to her long before she married my father. When I was coming to Barrayar, she decided that I could use it, it's quite smart and knows more about diplomatic relationships between the nations than I do, even if that knowledge is purely theoretical."
"Oh," Tony gave him a gleeful smirk. "You see what need does to people?"
"I tried," the ba let out a sigh. "You were sleeping very deeply, hugging the documents."
"That's classified. Who are you?"
Also, they all had long hair, intricately styled or tied together into something of a 'formal' tail.
He was screaming something, still squeezing his eyes, probably trying to call for Bruce or calm himself down. Hulk was hugging him so hard, that Steve was probably going to bruise. He had to curl around himself as much as he could.
Bruce shut up, embarrassed, but Steve was too tired to berate Tony. The rest of the way they made in silence. They were lucky, that the citizens of the town were surprisingly indifferent: if the shop owners were shocked by the sight of their buyers, they kept their thoughts to themselves. Steve was grateful for that: he had no energy for talking. Tony, on the other hand, got happier with every passing minute.
"I warned you," said Ben in a low threatening tone, "don't tell Johnny, it won't end well. And here you are, Tony Stark's in your kitchen. And why the hell are you in a wheelchair?"
Jarvis, upon learning that their sad hovering near the wormhole tunnel was over and to be replaced by a series of quick jumps and a kaleidoscope of worlds, nodded and volunteered to bring the news and the route to the pilot and the crew. Steve was starting to think that those invisible Cetagandans were like magic mice in fairy-tales: you've never seen them, but the work got always done. Jarvis also suggested that perhaps the ghem-lord should write a letter to haut-lady Mio, to calm her worries.
"Napoleon slept four hours a day."
"Oh for god's sake, shut up," Steve ignored the hurt look Tony gave him. "I'm not changing my mind, but there are two conditions. First, you don't hide anything. If you need access to the reactor to figure things out, just say it."
"And do all the gem-lords allow third parties to apply their face paint?"
It was probably Steve’s cue to say something soothing, something expected, like 'it's not your fault' or 'you didn't mean for this to happen', but he didn’t. It was, after all, Reed's fault that he, Steve Rogers, Iron Man, was stuck in the 21st century, in a world that was completely alien to him.
The corridor was empty: the guards ran away, only leaving broken guns behind them. Steve carefully looked around, but, noticing no threat, led Tony forward. They needed to leave the building, find Hank and Janet, and then sort things out with Barton. Then, Steve thought, everything would be finally alright.
"This lovely commander," Stark adjusted his words, "has been trying to convince me, for almost an hour, that just this night I've killed, or at the least hurt, a hundred of Barrayaran babies, by other people's hands. At the same time, she seems incapable of telling me, why would I do such a thing. Do you, by chance, have any idea?"
Steve raised his hand, first at shoulder level, then higher, pressed the metal fingers into a fist and then quickly opened them. All the movements were astoundingly easy. His old armor was clumsy; the bulky suit didn't let him move with grace and dexterity. Steve, who was used to beating his street fight opponents by being faster and more agile, had to completely reconsider the way he fought, trading speed for direct attacks. With the armor like Tony's, though, he could move and dodge, not taking hits from rockets anymore.
"Do you need help with it?" he asked.
"A diplomatic scandal and me being sent away," answered Stark without missing a beat.
They came to the lab, and Janet froze, and then let Steve go and rushed forward, immediately getting caught by a guy in a lab coat.
"Not quite," Stark looked at Steve, as if expecting a confirmation of his words from a Barrayaran. Captain Rogers' felt his lips move with an answer:
There was no need to explain what he meant. Steve sighed, pulled up his t-shirt showing the reactor. Then he thought for a moment and just took it all the way off, shivering in the cold air.
Steve was going to share his opinion on a rather useful habit of knocking before entering, but reconsidered: it wasn't his house after all, and Tony had all right to expect his rules to be followed here.
Empty sockets of the armor burned bright blue.
"A sniper with a bow?" Steve asked, bewildered.
He caught Tony coming into the corridor. The man stumbled, surprised, and Steve pushed him into the room and slammed the door shut behind them.
"Oh, Billy likes answering doors. He can make something like a force-field to hold off unwanted visitors while the others figure out what to do with them," Howard waved his hand, unconcerned.
"He's distracting you from what's important. And that is that all these scientists built us a way back, Captain Rogers."
"Four? Or five, I think," said Tony. His voice didn't betray any regret about that fact.
"I'd take you to the most expensive restaurant in New York, just to see your face, but I can't," Tony grinned and tapped the arm of his wheelchair. "Disability's usually good for the reputation, but, I'm afraid, not in my case. Happy," he exclaimed, "you know where we're going."
"Good. It's good you apologized, but don't call him. I don't need medicine, only hot drinks, warmth and rest," Stark went silent for a moment. "I shouldn't have lashed out and said all those things about your father. Sorry."
Steve belatedly realized the question was addressed to him.
"For what?" asked Tony with genuine surprise in his voice. "It was probably really hard to keep silent all this time. I have..."
Tony, probably only now noticing that he touched Steve, jerked his hands away and looked at them as if they did something wrong.
"Sir," the butler bowed.
Steve almost crushed into Tony standing in the darkness of the corridor – if not for the man's reaction, he would've at least stumbled.
"I guess," Steve fell silent. "If he's dead, his contracts with the mercenaries are void, right? So I can go back home?"
A gas station appeared on the side of the road, and Bruce stopped the car.
"Hank!"
"Tony," interrupted Steve. "I think we should move this conversation somewhere."
"Right, if the owner didn't want any guests, they would have some kind of barrier," agreed Tony and moved to the door with determined steps, the tails of his garment flowing behind him.
Steve expected Tony to start talking about the armor again, but he was silent, squinting at the sun.
'Unable to process the request.'
"The main thing is the safeguard. There's two in your case. This one, mechanical, blocks the trigger," he let go of Bruce's hand. "And the gun itself is your safeguard against Hulk."
"When did Richards drag you here?"
"Yes." The dizziness was getting worse, and Steve felt nauseated, but he forced himself to look like nothing was amiss.
He left the upper floors to Hank and Janet, Barton went down to meet their backup, and Steve was alone yet again. Only this time, his skin was itching. Steve never thought he'd welcome the discomfort of it, but it practically stupefied him for a moment: he stopped to catch his breath, and regretted that Tony never put analgesics and sedatives in the armor. Then again, Tony himself never needed them, and he was the one the armor was really made for.
"Is this a start of a serious conversation?" Tony looked at Steve, curiously, making him lose his thought for a moment.
"She feeds on energy," Howard answered their unasked question. "It's good that we found this solution. She has this friend who also feeds on energy, but she gets it directly from humans, when she touches them. I've no idea what to do with her. Mio's thinking about it, though. While the Star Crèche is closed to her, I made her a new one, interstellar."
"Where are we going?" he asked.
"I shouldn't have either," admitted Steve. "I shouldn't have shared my highly valuable opinions on things I don't know anything about. And I can make sure you get your drinks, warmth and rest. If you let me, of course."
"So, it's Faustus."
Tony's number wasn't in the phone book, but the one for Stark Industries was. Steve dialed it, almost without hope, and flinched, when a pleasant female voice answered him:
Steve quickly considered his choices. What could the Cetagandan discover, when he was cautious of digging too deep? Perhaps, the lack of his surname in the list of Academy's alumni. That wasn't a big problem.
"The route is calculated, sir."
"Most of the time," Steve continued stubbornly, "you spent on your research and trying to blow up the mansion."
Somebody whisked past them, almost invisible, like a silver-grey shade, and a voice sounded from deep inside the mansion.
They made ten steps or so away, and Steve pulled away from Tony's hands, looking at him with disapproval.
Steve's hazy mind took it as an order, and he closed his eyes.
Tony was waiting, quiet, while Steve was drowning in another's feelings. He felt as if he became the armor – as if, were Tony to raise his arm, he would have to follow. It wasn't from the pain, that was just what he focused on, but there was something else, half-strangled and strange, that was becoming clearer by the second.
Tony laughed, quietly and happy, like a person who just solved a whole lot of his problems, and put his hands under Steve's t-shirt.
"Me neither," Steve nodded. "But there's another issue, beside your mother's project. Somebody tried to sabotage you and to possibly kidnap me. And it was clearly not her. Who would benefit from it?"
"We're not in Alabama anymore, if you're curious," said Bruce. He leaned back tiredly and closed his face with his hands. "Mississippi, but I've no idea, what district. There's some food in the bag if you're hungry."
"Didn't they show you Star Trek?"
Steve shrugged.
"No, that would be stupid." Vorromanof completely ignored humor in line of duty. "We should try to understand what they were expecting to gain from this."
"Good morning," said Steve, cautious, cursing himself in his thoughts for his rumpled clothes and shabby appearance. "Is Tony being late?"
It was too late and stupid to back down, and Steve sat on the bed, twisting his fingers nervously. Another's pulse was throbbing under his jaw, non-existent water drops were sliding down his body. Compared to all that, the pain was an afterthought, almost unnoticeable. Steve could get used to it – Tony had to deal with it all the time.
He raised his hand and put it into the light, to see if he could notice anything different, but everything seemed the same, no tiny robots, nothing. Nothing monstrous. Tony hummed.
With Jarvis' help, they turned Stark into a cocoon and pushed a cup of tea into his hands. At the last second, Steve did change his mind about putting alcohol into it, it didn't seem safe enough for him, and instead poured a few drops of cognac.
Stark fell asleep on notepads stacked on the stationary comm. That construction didn’t work well as a pillow, so the ghem-lord's mood upon waking up was far from ideal.
"Is that supposed to be about me?" Tony asked, displeased, still not opening his eyes. "Cute."
Steve had no strong feelings about the Chinese, or any other nation, for that matter. Even during the war, he answered all provocative questions calmly. He didn't hate anyone, he just wanted to protect people.
"And? For the record, that's not a good reason to look at me like I'm an Aral Vorkosigan monument that came alive," he sighed, again.
"Did he lock himself in and refuses to leave?" Steve asked, surprised.
The tour around Stark's mansion took longer than expected, so when the guests, including Jarvis who was dragged inside (while the other Cetagandans went back to the ship), were finally preparing to leave, it turned out, it wasn't just nighttime, the dawn was coming pretty soon.
"Direct him somewhere... somewhere in Memphis, let him look for us there." He paused for a moment. "Twenty-seven miles, huh? Cool. Doctor Banner, congratulations: you'd be unbeatable at marathon."
"What's going on?" Steve asked.
Steve remembered for some reason how he touched Tony's hand after their fight with Hulk and felt like something burned his fingers – maybe that was the armor in action. The picture in his mind of a young Tony avoiding contact with anyone was too real to just brush away.
Tony straightened his head, looking at Steve with his eyebrows raised.
Something was definitely wrong. His skin was burning, like he spent too much time under the sun, but it wasn't the normal feeling of pain. That, Steve was used to, with the discomfort of the reactor and all the fights he was in. This, like somebody was dragging sandpaper along his skin, was almost frightening. But he could probably learn to ignore that as well.
"Isn't he a bit short for a son of an haut-lady?" asked Steve, after making sure that the big-eared consul was nowhere nearby.
"Ghem-lord Stark isn't my master," he corrected Steve. "And he's too attached to me emotionally to be offended on my behalf. I am not offended."
Steve didn't wake him up. For some time, he was remembering the news coverage of ruined Sandy Valley and the pictures taken at the place, then gave up on it and just looked at the bright red coals of the fire and tried to listen to Bruce's breathing. His thoughts were all over the place. He remembered all of a sudden that he didn't call Tony, as he promised, and made a note to himself to find a phone at the nearest gas station.
"And?" drawled Tony. "Why were you fighting at the front lines?"
Steve didn't know how many laws Solomon was breaking just by being himself, but he supposed it was a crazy lot of them. Solomon wasn't a bad person, though. He was just different.
Although the ghem-lord didn't seem to have noticed a pause in the conversation. Perhaps, because he himself was staring at Steve like... Here, Captain Rogers' experience landed him so many options for comparison that he had to go with a generalized: 'like someone predatory and hungry looking at something delicious'.
There was probably something in his voice that made Janet turn around and step away from the roof's edge.
"You're impossible."
Steve closed his eyes and smiled.
His phone rang.
"A madman. A maniac. The next villain defeated by the Iron Man." Strangely, Tony let out a smile. "There's a lot of options, and I've a good imagination. The question is, how do you want the media to call you? Daily Bugle loves coming up with telling names."
"You're welcome?" answered Steve.
"Two weeks," Steve gave an honest answer, and Janet laughed.
"I had the war," he said. "And the country I've sworn to protect."
"It's okay, Jarvis. I know you didn't do anything, but... we'll have to prove it to them now. This is Commander Vorromanof, she's in charge of our unpleasant business. Could you remember how you ended up in the replicator bank and tell her?" Stark approached the couch and carefully sat down on the edge of it.
He was so furious he didn't even notice Stark's face going white, and when he did, he immediately felt sorry for what he said. But it was too late.
Steve barely suppressed a smile. Tony's words all blended together, he was talking nonsense, probably just blurting out everything that was on his mind.
"Oh yes," the ghem-colonel with a Barrayaran name readily agreed. "They stitch the genome with a rusty needle. Would you mind if we won't talk about this place again in this context?"
"Do you know what happened in Hank's lab?"
He stood up, grasping at a tree, straightened his shoulders and whistled. The armor turned its head on his call.
Hulk breathed out again, and Steve turned back to Tony and recoiled from him the moment he saw him: the armor was disassembling by itself; various parts were coming apart and flying away, falling on the grass. In less than a minute the only part of it left were the plates around Tony's left hand that were probably damaged too much to come off.
"When why wasn't it an officer protecting peace and order of a replicator bank that has, if I'm not mistaken, a word Imperial in its name? One would think that means 'terribly important’. And you put there a lonely guy with a paralyzing gun!" insidiously asked the ghem-lord, only confirming Steve's statement that he only listened to the most unpleasant of your words and had a habit of pushing you nose-first into it.
Once he started to believe this new world was real, the third feeling came along: uselessness. Steve was alien here, as the reactor was alien to his body, but as with the reactor, he had hoped that a long, arduous process of acclimating would somehow make him feel whole again.
Finally, Steve breathed out and stopped talking. He sat straight on the ground, hugging Bruce's shoulders and listening to him breathe. A couple of feet from them he noticed the glasses crushed and pushed into the ground.
"That's why he's quiet," Steve nodded, "he's not dumb enough to go around with a banner 'I have a plan to set up two Empires against each other'."
"What now?" he asked, quietly.
"So will I. By the way, we're jumping to Komarr and then to Rho Ceta after all, so, no need to raise the alarm."
"Stark, he needs CPR."
In any case, long before, in his past life almost, he knew a guy with dark eyes and a cheeky grin, quite disheveled at first and with his hair styled with some product later. He smelled the same way, too: like a whole armory.
"Take it."
"That was the plan... Oh, come on, it has no more of an effect on you, than it does on me."
How far away did they get?
"Nobody's answering their phones," said Janet, her tone emotionless. "I called a friend of mine, she says her husband also left for some important conference. And well, I thought, it made sense to call a guard in that center where Hank works."
"Mexico, Brazil, Cuba," he said, simply. "Either way, it's none of your business. Sorry, Steve," Bruce looked at him guiltily and spread his hands. "I know you want to help, but..."
Working in an art shop helped with his adaptation more so, than walking with Ben ever did – that is, when Ben still had time to walk with him. Having to talk to with the clients and interact with the outside world forced Steve out of his cocoon. Not completely, of course, but the work made him feel useful, and that was more important than anything.
Ben left the kitchen for a minute and came back with coats, one of which he threw at Steve.
Steve opened his eyes and discovered that he was leaning on a doorframe and pressing his hand to the reactor. Instead of answering, he just shook his head back and forth in an unsure gesture.
"I regularly read crime news." Steve went to the couch, took his hoodey and crumpled it in his hands. "But going against thieves and burglars in that?" Steve waved at the armor.
"No," Steve said, calm. "That's not it. I've seen explosions before, for the person to..." He stopped, understanding how inappropriate would be what he was going to say. "That's not Hank," he finished, awkwardly. Janet nodded, lost in thought.
"Why?" asked Bruce, his voice cautious. "I don't even know how to use it."
"Tony," Janet answered in a puzzled voice. "Why are you in a wheelchair?"
He walked through the room, picked up his jacket thrown on the back of a chair and stopped.
"I see," Howard frowned. "Where's the ba now?"
"What?" asked Steve, confused. "Oh god, no. I'm not suggesting you shoot yourself. You've tried it?"
"I convinced him to stay at home," Janet sighed. "I promised to shut him in the bathroom, if he goes anywhere, but he wasn't angry, I wouldn't be able to handle him angry, just sort of apathetic. Well, and I thought, what if there is a conference? But none of his colleagues are answering their phones. Neither did Tony, so I thought I'd call you."
This was a tricky question. Steve couldn't lie – Banner seemed distrustful, and distrustful people saw through lies much more easily. But all the words Steve was turning around in his head on the way from Tuscaloosa to the small mining town all of a sudden seemed too pretentious, too convoluted, even the ones that were completely true.
"What kind of duty his father could die in the line of during peacetime? Or was it the third war with us? No, couldn't be it, they still don't have the concept of posthumous children," Stark muttered, interested, and immediately rewarded with yet another task the ba that returned with a new stack of useful documents. The ba nodded and left to search for the file. Stark felt an irrational urge to apologize, but suppressed it: the ba wouldn't understand. Genetically modified genderless servants of haut were absolutely loyal to their mistresses, but didn't express a wide range of emotional responses – or so everyone believed. Stark himself often thought that his mother's ba, while fulfilling his every whim exactly, was often sarcastic in his responses. Though as of now, he hasn’t managed to catch the creature in the act.
"Was it worth it?" asked Tony, looking at him from under his half-closed eyelids. "Did you learn what you wanted?"
"What have you found?" asked Steve, just to break the silence.
There was something ironic about that, but Steve couldn't quite grasp it.
"But..."
"Everything," he said. "For example, it could've dabbled as a bomb, you know, so the enemies couldn't copy the technology if they ever caught you. Also it could've been specific to your world, like working on an element that is impossible here. You know, all that. Or you could've had two hearts."
Playing chess was absolutely out of the question in such a state, or drinking tea. Steve hovered over Stark, gave him a quick kiss and then asked with a sudden suspicion:
"'M trying to save him from your company," grumbled Ben.
"Jarvis cared for me from the moment I was taken from the replicator bank. Its official position in the hierarchy has nothing to do with my attitude towards it. And if those who set it up knew this beforehand, they wouldn't dare."
"All the invitations were delivered to their addresses. I left cards and letters to the servants, if I was met by any, otherwise, I used mailboxes. Captain Rogers lives in an apartment building for officers. There's no concierge or servants there, so I always put those in the mailbox."
"The nickname Volt takes on a whole new meaning," Tony was forced to admit.
The car started smoothly and left the alley that Reed's house was in. New York fled past them from behind the dark windows, and Steve could barely tear his eyes away from it: he loved the city in either century he found himself in, and could probably watch it forever, if given the chance.
Steve tried to find suitable words to describe the situation and couldn't, so he mumbled something about cultural differences and that it's not a done thing on Barrayar, lying with someone and hugging them like that, if they're not your spouse or a lover.
"Steve," Janet called, "your phone's ringing."
"Thanks," she said and left, the steps of her bare feet on the floor as quiet as before.
Steve couldn't move. He tried to convince himself there was nothing scary about meeting strangers, - after all, he'd been living here for two weeks already, and sooner or later he'd have to go outside, but the strange feeling - like stage fright - didn't go away.
After going through the old newspapers, Steve didn’t find any information about any war projects. At least, that told him there was no information available to civilians. What he did find, were traces of something so classified even Tony Stark couldn't get to it. Out of all the flood of useless information Steve managed to extract just one name, and so he was going to Tuscaloosa, a small town in the west of the state, to meet Doctor Bruce Banner.
"You'll follow me till you learn all you need," Bruce finished for him. "Yeah, I got that. But you'll freeze, and we can't afford to heat the car all night."
Steve heard an unsaid 'that may be the last thing you ever say' and clenched his teeth. He had no one to say goodbye to, nothing to feel sorry for, he already lost everything he ever cared about. This world wouldn't notice his disappearance, like it didn't notice when he first arrived here. Maybe, he should've made a joke to break the tension, but he wasn't particularly good at that.
Tony's eyes seemed to flash, and a strange shadow went over his face. The next second he was smirking again.
Steve suddenly understood where he was going with it. He went back to the table, put the coffee pot on it and sat down.
He...
"It matches it too well, I'd say," murmured Tony. "Alright, let's go."
While Tony was buying tickets to New York, Steve grabbed Bruce's shoulder and pulled him aside.
"Sam Wilson," he introduced himself. "We didn't want for it to go this way. Her reaction was unexpected."
"No means no," Steve interrupted. "I don't want to talk about it."
Tony sounded and looked (Steve couldn't see clearly, but he was pretty sure) completely unperturbed. Evidently, barging in into his guest's bedroom at five o'clock in the morning and having conversations in complete darkness was completely par for the course for him.
"I'll be watching myself," said Steve.
After that operation when they put the reactor in his chest, for a long time, Steve couldn't get closer to any medical room – doctors' masks, all the tools they used, everything caused such a disgust in him, like his subconscious was trying to avoid unpleasant memories.
"Oh, I can imagine," Stark rolled his eyes. "My father's relationship with electricity was always more than close. So, I'm guessing, a duet of two crazy scientist succeeded at what they set out to do?"
For some reason, he almost felt dizzy, even though the air in the room was fresh, and it only smelt of furniture polish and something heavy, like books in leather bindings. It also smelt of Tony's cologne – the smell was subtle, but undoubtedly there.
He looked behind the APCs, to the east, where the sun was rising and almost flinched in shock.
"Or there's such a powerful source of energy in this house that the garden is feeding off its excess," commented the ba, its voice having an almost dream-like quality to it.
Steve found oatmeal in one of the numerous drawers and discovered, with some difficulty, a pan in the kitchen's table. While Steve was organizing breakfast, Tony kept watching him.
Bruce shrugged.
"Blue or black?" he yelled.
"Tony?"
"When did that happen?" Tony said in a puzzled voice. "Doesn't matter. Your consent always was going to matter. I've already prepared the equipment we're gonna need, which took some time, but..." Steve could hear metal clanging somewhere in the background. "Say goodbye to your work, get you things, the car will come get you... when will you be ready?"
"And you won't, probably for a day or two, depending on a number of factors," answered Tony. "Nanobots need time. Then again, they can restore themselves and replicate in case of a part of population... disappearing. They're more bio-nanobots, than machines, really." He hummed. "Sometime I'll teach them to think."
"Sorry, Tony's calling."
"Pym particles," asked Steve. He felt slightly excited and felt sorry that Reed, who'd be thrilled, wasn't here to see this.
He was going to answer, but coughed again, unable to suppress another spasm. He wanted to put his hand on his chest and almost punched himself in the face; Tony caught his wrist at the last moment.
"Miss van Dyne, you're needed in the institute. Yes. There was an accident, an explosion in the lab, there's a chance the toxin was released." She blinked. If before Janet's voice was distant, now it came alive again, "oh my god. We have to go there, Steve! Now!"
It was the first time Steve saw him. It was the first time Steve saw anything like that – a huge monster, gigantic and powerful, half a human and half a beast that had nothing of Bruce's broken vulnerability in him. He was frightening. He was so frightening, that Steve felt his throat constrict, and he saw a lot of terrifying things during his lifetime.
"A lot of people," muttered Vorbarton, perfectly aware of all the people who wouldn't mind putting Cetaganda and Barrayar against each other and benefitting from the occurring chaos.
"If you're going to live for more than a century, 'long' becomes relative," Stark brushed off her doubts. "Do you have coffee? Alright, doesn't matter. Back at home, people appreciate multilevel revenge that touches upon not only the object of it, but their friends and relatives as well. An ideal revenge would wipe a Constellation from the Empire's sky. It can be prepared for decades and carried out by several generations of the family. But your Count did no harm to my family, and was generally well received by the Celestial Emperor..."
"I... actually, I've made one for you as well," he rubbed his head, nervous. "I thought you'd want to..."
Tony nodded.
He looked like a middle-aged Escobaran, his skin dark, his hair gray and trimmed short, but Steve, who travelled the world for a couple of months already with Cetagandans, easily recognized their compatriot. He found that somewhat weird, that he didn't figure that out before, but decided that he was missing a point of reference. Now, he knew for certain that only a Cetagandan could barely age twenty-five years in a century.
"Quite," Bruce answered, his voice grim.
From what he managed to discover, there was no way that Captain Rogers, no matter how secret or mysterious his personal files were, ever worked for Jackson's Whole or had any connection to it at all. But then again, as of now, it was impossible to prove the opposite. The Captain's file was detailed only about the events of the last three months: the reasons for his wound and transfer to the headquarters were clear – Captain Rogers, though not a Vor, seemed to follow a similar bizarre code of honor that compelled him to protect the innocents even at the cost of his own life. Anything that happened before these three months, however, was described in simplest terms: he was born in the family of a simple soldier and a nurse, he was ill for a long time; when his father died in the line of duty, he decided to enroll in the academy and follow in his footsteps. After numerous failed attempts, he finally achieved his goal, and since then had been an excellent student in combat and all other types of training.
"The truth is, Steve, it's an old habit, that I'll probably never get rid of completely."
"It's hard to be a ghem," he muttered and started reading again, more attentively this time, glancing at pictures at all the appropriate times and studying them with all seriousness. Well, it was actually quite useful: he managed to learn, for example, that clan colors of the new consul were suggesting inhuman strength and striving for perfection, and the pattern – outstanding propensity for attracting attention.
"What did you do?" he asked again.
Steve couldn't answer, for obvious reasons, and couldn't even think what possible options for saying something sarcastic were there. He took Stark by his hips and took his cock deeper into his mouth, trying various things, then raised his head and said:
"The only way to start a conversation," he hissed, "with a man, who spent his days hiding in the basement."
The new Consul, as if just waiting to be mentioned, appeared by the side and threw back his head, looking at the night sky.
The name sounded familiar, but Steve didn't like listening in to people's conversations, so he left Pepper to her work.
Steve wondered when he got so good at reading Tony's moods.
"Down, soldier," said Tony. "I see your sensitivity's coming back. Steve?"
"Some tragic story involving poisoning," Vorbarton rolled his eyes. "Either he drank something, or inhaled something, or another one of our people rejected by him didn't quite understand that she was not only not considered beautiful for them, but rather the opposite, and poked him with a poisoned pin. Either way, he's quite alive, but deeply unhappy and cannot continue fulfilling his duties. That, of course, is strange in itself, it's not that easy to poison a ghem-lord, they’re more likely to poison someone themselves. Whom, do you think, the Cets will send to take his place?"
Jarvis muttered something back, quietly, but Steve was pretty sure the drawing room would lose half its fragile items in the next ten minutes.
He suddenly felt free, all the panic and fears of the last couple of days were gone. He made a final decision, just the way he used to decide everything before, and whatever the situation would bring, it couldn't be any worse.
"Trust me, some – only some – Imperial Couriers have enough authority to declare war and peace. They try not to do it, of course, not to infringe on the Emperor's rights," answered the Commander.
"The doc?" Tony said. "You're going to a therapist?" Hank nodded, and Tony rolled his eyes. "Oh, Henry, you need to change your surroundings, get outside your comfort zone, find the source of your issues and understand the depths of your subconscious," mocked Tony. "I hate therapists."
"I..." he started, but Steve interrupted him:
"Rise of the ants?" suggested Tony, but being met by silence, asked in a more worried tone, "what happened?"
"Did you get forceps?" Tony asked. "Oh, great, thanks."
There was a bang from below them, so loud it made the floor vibrate. Steve looked at the floor, and only then remembered he didn't have the armor on anymore, it was still in the corridor.
"Bastards," she whispered. "Vultures."
To distract himself, Steve laid down and took his mobile. The screen showed a notification for a new message, and Steve blinked in confusion.
Steve looked at Tony and scanned him with his sensors. He looked calm, but the armor indicated his pulse was elevated. The machine was surprisingly easy to control, probably because it was connected to his neural system, but the moment Steve thought of taking a step, the armor was already moving. Like it was a continuation of his body, and not a huge metal contraption.
"So, your mother wanted you to find the living proof of that and... what?"
"If I die with you."
"I don't know. In the time I know this guy, one thing I learned is that he's slippery as an eel. Actually, I called for you so you could help Natasha, you've spent the most time with him, so maybe, you have a certain way... He's allergic to fast-penta, naturally, and we can't hit a diplomat."
He suddenly seemed taller – in a black suit made of some strange material with a few bright yellow strips instead of his blanked. It didn't look good on him, but that was probably not worth commenting on.
Steve raised his eyes.
"What am I to do, then?"
"I gathered it's their version of the name Maria. You know, 'haut Maria' doesn't sound even half as alien and mysterious as 'haut Mio'," Clint smirked. "Anyway, this lady is quite impressive herself, and with her husband... She probably regretted losing her right for that flying soap bubble, but she surely wasn't bored."
"Calm down, Jesus," Tony laughed quietly. "It's just me. Sorry, I didn't want to wake you up."
"Afternoon," Steve answered, cautiously. "Are you alright?"
"Okay, I got it." Tony let go of his hand. "No more warnings." He turned to his screens again, pressed something on one of them and an uneven line appeared on it and started moving. "Is there anything you need to tell me before we start?"
"What do you want?" asked Hank.
Steve looked at Barton, but the man had a finger pressed to his ear and was listening to something intently. The glasses covered most of his face, but the way his lips were twisted made Steve think he wasn't pleased.
"Of course, they do. General Ross is hunting me since... since that time," he breathed in again and let the air out through his clenched teeth. "Hulk hates him."
"I'd say especially when compared to the last Consul," the easily amused Captain snorted. "Have you seen his hair? Did the hairdresser's right hand have a quarrel with the left?"
"Well, I'm neither young, nor frail, but I am more than just cold," Tony let out his hand from under the blanket and maliciously touched Steve's neck. "So, to be honest, I can't find it in myself to care about propriety, I'm going to wrap myself around you and get warm. Like a snake on a stone."
"You've an explanation," he said, without a doubt.
Steve didn't feel Tony.
Tony snorted. He turned off the tablet, and the room was left in dim light of the evening. Steve saw reflection of the TV screen in the window; it was showing some black and white movie.
"That’s why you gave me such a small spoon?"
"Wait! Where did that idea come from?"
Steve stopped in the half-dark bathroom, looking at the smooth blue glow of his reactor that replaced the red. He didn't expect the color to change. The web of scars around it stayed the same, though, and Steve’s body didn’t start glowing or sparkling, he didn't grow any new limbs, didn't start getting seizures that would have him writhing on the floor. Only the familiar glow illuminating his features was different, so now Steve resembled a ghost.
"I'm guessing you were looking for a Steve Rogers. But that wasn't always my name. I applied to the Academy four times, and I've only managed to get enrolled when I used my mother's maiden name."
Steve positioned himself next to the door, grabbed the bulkhead next to it with one hand and the weakly looking handle with another, breathed out and pulled.
"You think this is serious?" asked Janet, in disbelief, but before Steve could say anything else, she continued, "I’ll call back in half an hour."
Janet caught up to him in the corridor and hugged him so hard his still healing ribs screamed in protest. She told him, three times already and not missing any details, that she and Hank got engaged, right in that room, tied up and stunned.
"Metal bug," he grunted. Even his voice sounded inhumanely powerful. "There's a human inside."
The only way to learn the truth was to find the armor.
Steve expected to see Tony, but as he opened the door, still not completely awake, he only saw a courier.
He didn't get to finish, as Janet jumped forward and awkwardly froze in front of him. She clutched lapels of the coat thrown around Hank's shoulders, shook him slightly and squeezed his neck so hard Steve almost expected to hear his spine breaking.
"Let's go," he said. "Did you drive here? No? Then we'll take a taxi."
"I can introduce you, if you want," Tony suggested, "although I'll get jealous if it likes you more than me."
Bruce sighed frantically, almost wheezing, and grabbed his shoulder with his free hand.
Steve saw invalids at war. He saw all kinds of people, who got hurt during action, and they usually fell into two categories: there were those, who bore their wounds with pride, like you wear medals, and then there were those, who shuffled instead of walking, dragging the life they didn't feel they needed anymore behind them. Tony looked like he didn't care. Like the trauma, that put him in the wheelchair, was just an unfortunate mishap.
"Yeah," he said and stumbled. "I think, I forgot what I left the lab for," his gaze fell on the thermos, "right. What time is it?"
"And my mother knew, of course, all this time. And she didn't tell me. She didn't even hint at it," said Tony, slowly. It was impossible to tell, what he was feeling more: admiration or resentment.
The news talked more about the airport next to it, and not the actual city. Steve remembered, because it happened a couple of days after he ended up here, and he was clinging to all information he got his hands on.
"Yeah, I remember taking you to Doctor Pym. Are you a scientist, too?"
"So, you must be a decent painter," Steve grinned, imagining the Consul with a brush in his hand, carefully drawing lines and swirls. The Cetagandan in his mind immediately stuck his tongue out and diligently crossed his eyes, so Steve quickly got rid of the vision.
Ben already started. he's more annoying than normally. I stole nurse's laptop to say we're okay so don't answer this
"I'll set up screens with color correction," decided Stark. "And thank you for reminding me of the blue moon. I should think what to do with it – should I try to dim it, or make it brighter as well? What had my predecessor done?"
Stark, however, didn't give Captain Rogers enough time to figure him out.
"I'm lucky that way," Steve shrugged. "Do you know him, then?"
He was still feeling like the chasm of worry and lack of feeling at the other end was drowning him. He knew he had no right to get angry, but the anxiety was overcoming him, no matter how hard Steve tried to fight it. Janet managed to stop Hank. Steve didn't even get a chance.
Exactly an hour later Steve went down to the workshop and found Tony driving the medical chair’s legs’ attachments into the holes in the cement floor. Right above the chair there were lamps as bright as the ones he remembered seeing in operation rooms.
"Something tells me that impertinent ghem-lord will be happy to help you move around the galaxy," Nat smirked. "You've a hickey under your ear. Should we ask them to add hoods to uniforms?"
Steve tried not to think. He leaned on the table and worked on getting his breathing under control.
"I think so... Although, one time Singling sent a catalog, and I remember being surprised they don't just show off the new weapon models, but let you smell them, too."
"No 'Steven'. It's a long story, but I had to part with the first name as well. It came from my father's line, and I had to... forget about it for a while," Steve frowned and looked away in a calculated move dedicated to show Stark a clear picture of embarrassment, anger and even shame.
He could call Reed, but the man still hadn’t contacted him. Whatever happened on the space station, there weren't allowed out of quarantine, and Steve could only trust Johnny's letter. He couldn't physically worry about everyone at once.
"Without the addition of scopolamine this time, I hope?" The Captain smiled, while Clint and Natasha gave him worried glances.
"You're going on an adventure, then, huh?"
"For you, Athos is probably a synonym to hell," commented Tony, sarcastically. He was anxiously pulling at his hair and enviously eyeing Howard's short trim.
"I would say something sarcastic, but there's so many options I don't know what to start with," said Stark, unable to keep his mouth shut. "Keep doing what you're doing."
"Not quite," Stark sighed and asked, "can I clean myself up? There's a lady present."
"Did you expect somebody else?" Steve managed to say.
"And I think," started Steve, but shut up when Stark answered him with such a gaze that stole all his words from his tongue. He didn't want to argue, what he did want, was to kiss Stark, and that was exactly what he did, hugging the wicked Cetagandan, and belatedly feeling surprised at this turn of events. "Alright, it doesn't matter."
"That's what I suspected," Steve nodded and thought to himself that he wasn't actually against the idea, and it's not like Nat gave them any deadlines for those deliveries.
"Oh, Stark," Hank answered, irritated, trying to weasel out of medic's hands, "shut your..."
Steve went back to his cabin, sat down on the sofa and lost himself in thought. He couldn't stop thinking about the man desperately clinging to his life. Could he be the one behind that attack at the lab? Was it possible that Doctor Abraham's death wasn't accidental, but a message to the others from the Durona group, so they wouldn't even think about fleeing?
Ben was evidently going to answer for him, but Steve put a hand on his shoulder to stop him from talking and got up from his chair.
Hank looked at them, adjusted the coat hanging from his shoulder and frowned.
Steve didn't find it funny, but he nodded anyway. His and Barton's senses of humor were vastly different, but he figured he and Tony would probably get along.
"Oh, honey," said Janet, tenderly. "I'm designing suits from now on, alright?"
"It'll be fine," Steve repeated, pointlessly. They were pretty much doomed. Two men and a Beretta against eight APCs, four machine guns and who knew how many armed soldiers. Even if Steve wanted to be inadequately optimistic, he wouldn't claim they could get out of this alive. How much time did they have? Steve reckoned, about five minutes, before the commanding officer would lose his patience.
Steve kept watching his face, mesmerized. He could predict his every move, from complex gestures to slight twitching of the muscles of his face. Even his own ridiculous pose – still with his hands on Tony's chest – didn't bother him.
"Something tells me you also love puppies and orphans. Do you love puppies and orphans, Steve?"
"What question?"
For the first time in his life, Steve saw someone's face lose all color in the matter of seconds.
He opened the case on his way back and stared in confusion at a new phone – it looked flat and slick, as if it was made from one whole piece of plastic, and not small parts connected to each other. Knowing Tony, Steve was sure it was as expensive as it was advanced. He rolled it in his hands, closed the case carefully and pushed it aside.
"Jones," called the old woman, "Jones, I brought you a patient! Treat the guy, I'm going home."
"Are you Doctor Bruce Banner?" he asked, putting the picture on the table and pushing it towards the man.
After they first met, Steve immediately decided he wanted to learn at least something about this new person, and internet dumped a ton of information on him: pictures, accusatory articles, variations of his biography that completely contradicted each other. Tony Stark was a darling of fate, a genius inventor, one of the richest people in the world. Reading this, Steve couldn't shake the feeling that he was falling down a tunnel at an impossible speed. At some point Steve even doubted if he was reading about the right Tony Stark.
"I'll teach you," Steve paused. "As for why... it'd work better if you took up eastern martial arts, but that requires time, and you don't have a lot of it. Nothing calms a person down as the knowledge they can protect themselves. Maybe, Hulk won't need to take over your body, if Bruce is save."
"I was a genius," answered Tony, simply. He frowned, seeing Steve starting to take off the armor. It was assembling in the air in front of him, like it did before when Tony wore it. "Is something wrong? You're looking way too serious."
"Alright, alright," Steve chuckled. "Everything will be fine."
"How are you?" he asked, rolling down the sleeping bag.
Steve Rogers of this world lost his mind and became a murderer, and Bruce Banner, in a blind attempt to recreate Erskin's experiment, became a mindless beast. The Iron Man was sitting across from Steve, he had no reactor, and his arm that was torn apart, was healing in a matter of hours. Perhaps, this world didn't need another Iron Man, but it could do with Steve Rogers.
Tony put his hand in his hair and tousled it nervously.
"I'll be honest, the same's true about me," the weird Cetagandan smiled and continued, "a truth for a truth? You can ask me, I'll ask you, and we both will leave this meeting enlightened."
"It exists," said Steve. He put a plate on the table, and Tony flinched, like Steve was offering him sulfuric acid instead of oatmeal. "And you know it better than I do."
Steve could say he was ready now, but something in Tony's eyes made him hold it back. Perhaps, he wasn't the only one who needed to be sure.
"You need to calm down," said Steve, softly. "You'll calm down, and we'll go see a doctor. I'll find one that won't report our visit, I have connections. They’ll help you. Just calm down, get in the car, I can drive, I did it before. We'll go to a city, we'll..."
"Stuart," Steve admitted. "Some laugh and say it's ironic."
Tony turned and looked at Jarvis with his unblinking dark eyes.
Tony and Hank were waiting for them at the lab's doors.
"Of course."
"I'm not asking just out of curiosity," said Steve, softly. "I can explain, but you'll probably think I'm crazy."
He kissed Stark, gently and gratefully, and finally pushed his hips forward, like he wanted to for a while. That was rewarded plentifully: Tony let him in even deeper which seemed impossible before, pressed his hips around Steve even harder, as if urging a horse, albeit in a different position.
It was quite embarrassing. It was all fine and well for Stark, probably, but a young healthy Barrayaran that even Vorromanof couldn't make go on a date...
He took a shower, got dressed and went down twenty minutes later. The kitchen here was evidently Jarvis' domain: there were no curtains, and the room was filled with dim early morning light that outlined Tony's silhouette. The man was absent-mindedly doing something on his tablet with his free hand in his hair.
Best minds of America were struggling on Steve's armor, trying to make a union between a human and a machine possible; trying to make something that could change the course of the war. Tony Stark made the perfect machine because he was bored.
"Great," Stark nodded and crossed his hands, clearly showing he refuses to accept blame for anything. "What am I being blamed for, then?"
"They don't seem to like Cetagandans here, at all," said Steve, noticing people sending sidelong glances to the group of ghem-lords clad in light tunics.
"Shit, easy!" the man shouted, almost amused, and rolled to the side.
Steve closed his eyes and counted to ten. He had dealt with people having meltdowns before, but soldiers or Janet crying were one thing, and the scientist claiming he could turn into a monster was quite another.
"Is he injured?.. Wait... Physical damage?"
Steve's thoughts sounded pathetic even to himself.
Steve tried to move his arm, but only managed to displace it from Tony's neck to his shoulder blades. He laughed, quietly, and felt Tony raising himself on his elbows and throwing off Steve's arm.
"I didn't mean to do that," he chocked out, "I... I'd..."
"Yes, that complicates things," Tony finished his tea and started tapping the side of his cup with his well-manicured nails. "It would be much easier if you were a Jacksonian or even a Barrayaran project. It would be even better if your enhancements were explained by some technology stolen from the Star Crèche, that's an haut genetic bank, if you don't know. My mother would be guaranteed a place by Emperor's right hand. Now... I don't know, what to do."
"That's fair," Steve nodded, losing his worry about external influence and gaining some more of that rush of desire, which he went to demonstrate, being neither idiot, nor a virgin.
"You don't have to," he repeated, just in case. "We all have secrets."
"Well, we can always drag you to Pym as a last resort," said Tony. "He'll bite my head off, but he'd be excited, I think. Janet, though, will just bite my head off. But if my plan worked, and my plans always work, it'll be alright. Try to pack the armor into a case."
"So, you're saying that he couldn't have attacked a replicator bank?" Natasha clearly wasn't distracted by discussions of Cetagandan culture. She also wasn't prepared to call anyone, other than Barrayaran hermaphrodites, 'it'.
The pain was receding, moving to the back of his conscience. Steve was used to ignoring pain.
He thought for a moment that Tony was going to argue and disagree, even his eyes got dark, but he just slowly raised his hand.
"You've no idea what danger you've just been in." Bruce made a couple of steps towards the pickup, but swayed, and Steve had to catch him. "You could die."
"True," Stark nodded. "The manner of the crime in question is also highly unpredictable. I think, one historically famous child that suffered from a teratogenic poisoning but compensated the disadvantages of that quite well later was enough for my compatriots to ever try anything like that again."
"The ba could do anything like that only on a direct and unambiguous order from its mistress. My mother didn't give it such an order."
The thought that maybe this Pepper Steve hadn't had a chance to meet yet just didn't want to go on a date, apparently, didn't occur to Happy. Of course, Steve didn't have enough information to offer any advice. During the short trip, however, he learned a lot more, including Pepper's favorite color, the book she carried everywhere and her ability to hold two phone conversations at once, not that Steve asked, but Happy, despite his menacing looks, turned out to be surprisingly friendly.
"Said a man with a reactor in his chest. Talk about being impossible."
"I," started Janet, but froze when Hank suddenly appeared next to her, seemingly out of thin air.
He just spent a few minutes talking to a pretty girl, and was already giving away war secrets. Great.
It awoke something in Steve's memory: some time ago, in that other life, he encountered something like this as well. They had a problem with hypnosis the last few months he spent at war: Steve saved soldiers from captivity, only to have them attack him for no reason. They didn't know where they were, what was going on, they were completely disoriented. Colonel Phillips warned him about hypnosis, said it was the most dangerous thing, and god forbid Rogers let himself and the machine fall under anybody's control.
The building had no visible signs of damage. When Jan said 'explosion', Steve pictured ruined cities and air strikes, flaming buildings, smog and debris. Nothing like this was here, just a couple of black cars with toned windows and a few guys in black suits at the entrance – completely identical and inscrutable. Looking closer, Steve noticed they had guns.
"Wait!" Steve shouted, trying to get up. "Bruce... Hulk, wait! It's a friend!"
Steve, on the other hand, froze.
Ben mumbled something under his breath. Steve turned back to the window, but couldn't focus on the streets passing by: in the dark glass he could see the reflections of the chair's chromed side, part of its wheel and Tony's profile.
Janet turned around, and the amazon warriors would probably envy the rage in her eyes: she looked at Tony as if she was going to tear him apart. Steve smirked.
Tony didn't call anymore, and that was unsettling. Sometimes Steve found himself waiting for it, or for another break-in. He was charging his phone regularly since that last meeting. But time passed, and Tony wasn't there, and Steve accepted it, like he accepted being stuck in a new world and time – that is, painfully and incompletely.
"Well, yeah, genetic construction for you is its own art from... What do you call it? Bio aesthetics?"
"I wasn't thinking anything," Tony snorted. "I don't think, at all. Okay, let's give it another go. If it doesn't go well – tell me."
"Hello, beauty," he said. "You're looking wonderful this sunny day, why are you staying inside?" His voice seemed to Steve much warmer now. "Don't answer that, though, don't break my heart."
"You had it since the moment you came here." He looked at his watch. "If you ever tried to open the door, you would've known that."
Tony touched Steve and staggered back, giving a surprised look at his hand. Steve felt it, the touch burned, like it did the first time, like it did every time before. He straightened himself, blinking a couple of times and leaning on the wall before he could focus on walking.
"What happened?" Steve asked again, more insistent this time. He leaned forward, touched her chin softly and raised her head. "Hey, look at me. Janet? Talk to me."
"Yeah, I'm in," Steve said, softly. "Where are we meeting?"
"Miss van Dyne," the suit said in confusion. "I need to..."
"Are you on business?" asked the boy, seriously. "He's busy, but if it's business, I can tell him."
"It's a flashlight," answered Steve in a grim voice and slammed the door closed.
That was not quite fair: Steve wasn't at fault for what happened to him.
"I'm presuming something went wrong," Steve looked at his friend curiously, prodding him to continue. "Did it turn out that he knew more after all?"
"He built this device," Steve explained, "that transferred me here from the Second World War. I'm the Steve Rogers," he pointed at his chest, "but from another world. Now do you understand why I need to know, what happened to him?"
"I don't know how it'll go," said Steve in an even tone. "But I know that you don't need to blame yourself prematurely. You haven't even done anything, and you're already looking at me like I'm a ghost."
"Well, it's improper," answered Steve, shortly, perfectly aware that were they to keep discussing these topics for a few more minutes, his face will go up in flames. He always blushed easily, like any blond person, and really disliked it. "It's for thermal regulation. And to keep from putting the jumpsuit over my naked body, it's not easy to wash. I remember, that one time we sat up to our waists in dirt..." he cut himself off, "that's probably boring to you."
"Are you busy next week?" asked Tony. Before Steve could say anything, though, he spoke again, "I'll call. A week should be enough for the arm to heal completely."
"I will," Tony suddenly agreed easier than Steve expected. "If the phrase healing factor means anything to you."
Delivering another dispatch didn't take long, and the strange group of Cetagandans and a lonely Barrayaran were back in front of the peculiar garden soon enough.
"Tony," Steve called in a tired voice, fighting an oncoming headache. "Sit down, please."
"Absolutely," assured him Tony. "I'll get you a microscope if you don't believe me, but seriously, from a guy with a reactor in his chest..."
But it did, and mysteriously, Steve Rogers from December of 1941 appeared in May of 2012 in the home lab of the famous inventor Reed Richards.
"If you knew him, that means you're at least ninety. And your dad took no part in that unpleasant story, didn't he? He really died in the line of duty, just really long ago, in your second conflict with us... or during the Great War?"
"We start in one hour," he said, smirking.
Steve raised his eyebrows. The ba didn't look old at all. Then again, if genetically it was closer to the haut... Then again, even on Barrayar, there were people who didn't really age, like Colonel Fury, for example.
In the corner of his eye, Steve noticed Bruce's hand shaking. The barrel of the gun was jumping back and forth, and Bruce's breath was coming quicker. Steve did the only thing his gut was telling him to do – he stood in the line of fire, covering Bruce with his back.
"I see." The ba seemed to Steve even stranger, than any other Cetagandans. "So, your mother wants her status back. And she sent you to Barrayar to...?"
"Ghem-lord Stark invites people he considers interesting practically every evening, to join him for dinner, tea or admiring constellations," the ba said, without any second thought, making Clint laugh quietly and Natasha to snort again. "Ladies, as a rule."
"When he shuts himself down in the workshop like that," she said, her voice almost emotionless, "it means something's bothering him. That's the way he deals with things going wrong."
"Well. Alright. You've detained Jarvis in the replicator bank. But he's not my servant, he's a ba."
"It's a reactor," Steve explained. He folded his hands on his lap, feeling positively ridiculous. "Yeah, it's a control center and a power source. I... I gave mental orders to the armor, and it listened to me."
"Well, at least you warned us," Nat gave him a wry smile. "Good luck. I hope, the ghem-lord won't drive you crazy. I would absolutely lose my mind, if I had to share a small space with someone who looks like a demon from a play."
It felt weird, Steve only now realized how helpless he'd been, and that should've been strange for a guy who used to be connected to a deadly suit of armor.
"I wasn't sure when my consent will start to matter," Steve answered. "So I decided to test my luck now. I saw you in the news."
