to be in one of them (and he would never tell Bruce this, but he probably should have read them more carefully in the first place, before declaring his spell finished).
Steve’s mouth popped open in outrage. “You
of weird stuff as long as you tell them it’s British.”
fault what you
For one thing, Steve had apparently stopped by the kitchens before heading to Gryffindor Tower, because he pulled out a thermos of hot chocolate with the defensive explanation that “your body gets cold easily. I’ve been drinking gallons of tea at every meal,” and they were soon swapping it comfortably back and forth as they walked.
violates any sort of…I dunno…
Rogers doesn’t bother to ask how Tony knows so many SHIELD secrets. He shoots Tony a sidelong, considering look before he sighs and shakes his head. The grip of his hand – which Tony has almost managed to forget – lightens up, even if he still can’t let go entirely. And while Tony usually considers Rogers’ impeccable posture to be one of his more annoying qualities, there’s a slump to his body now that Tony has never seen before, but nevertheless looks habitual. Like Rogers’ squared shoulders are a coat he’s just taken off.
“Tony!” Bruce interrupted, and Tony shut up, even as his brain continued to race ahead, considering and discarding theories as to what had gone wrong. Bruce gave him another quelling look for good measure as he came to sit down beside them.
something else about this spell…something a little unusual...” Strange concentrates on their hands for a moment, and then frowns.
“If we don’t start opening presents soon, Bruce is gonna combust, and then we’re gonna have a whole other problem on our hands,” Clint drawled from the depths of his armchair.
At first, Tony couldn’t believe that he’d managed to sneak up on two of the most situationally aware people he knows. He’ll go to his grave swearing that that’s the
But seeing himself from
Okay, when put like
been paying attention to Tony’s ignominious entrance, they were certainly paying attention
In truth,
– and Tony? Tony was hovering.
“Yeah yeah, Stark. I’ll miss you too.”
…Just as, fifth: Bruce finished the incantation.
“Oh, that,” Stark had brushed the entire subject aside with a laughing flourish of his hand. “I meant to tell you – you don’t even have to bother going, if you don’t want. I’m sure you have better things to do anyway.” He gave Steve a quick, uncertain smile, as though checking to see whether he’d gotten an answer wrong on some secret test.
who we’re talking about. Are you sure you didn’t knock your head too hard when we fell?”
Steve stares at the ceiling in an echo of the position that Tony had woken up to find him in last night, and Tony wonders if Steve had been having a nightmare then as well.
“I thought we were friends,” Steve continued, and couldn’t quite keep the note of hurt out of his voice.
“It could be longer,” Bruce saw fit to interject. Tony glared at him, but in truth he would’ve felt duty-bound to give Rogers the same warning. “You and Tony might have to pretend to be each other for
The Gryffindor common room was alright, Tony allowed, if you liked loud games of Exploding Snap and a bust of Harry Potter with a Santa hat draped over its head, whom some enterprising student had charmed to drop peppermints out of its mouth and onto the heads of anyone who walked beneath it. It was much more boisterous than the Ravenclaw common room usually was on a school night, where the person making the most noise was usually Tony himself.
you wanted to talk to me so badly you turned to crime? Usually it tends to go the other way around.”
what I still can’t figure out.”
,” Tony whispered, blushing furiously and now refusing to look in Steve’s direction at all. Steve felt equally unsettled. He hadn’t noticed how easily he’d acclimated to this body over the past several weeks, until that growing sense of familiarity abruptly vanished. He hadn’t been this uncomfortable about Tony’s body since that first night, but suddenly everything once again felt subtly
couldn’t stay—well. Fury knew I’d been planning to leave SHIELD for a while. All HYDRA really did was speed up my timeline.”
Some time later, Tony is still lying sullenly on the ground, holding Steve Rogers’ hand. After filling Rogers in on the details of Strange’s universe-hopping visit, Tony had tried to come up with a technological solution for separating them. But if Rogers was going to veto all of his most promising ideas for being “dangerous,” then they were never gonna get anywhere at all.
Luckily, Pepper had pre-prepared answers for such questions as: “When did this happen?” And: “How did you finally get together?” And even: “What’s Captain America doing with
“Really, a terrible influence,” Tony murmurs. His hands slip down to palm Steve’s ass, and Steve rewards his ingenuity with another kiss, which of course only manages to distract Tony from his usual Arousal Monologue for a few seconds at best.
– that he barely noticed that Steve hadn’t given him a gift yet either.
, because he definitely hadn’t realized he was speaking aloud.
what’ll happen next…Oh! I’ll have to check whether our magic’s been entangled—“
And Tony thought Rogers loved him for his mind.
“I just mean, I understand that you
“Hey,
Since Rogers was still looking at him expectantly, he’d tried: “the…usual?”
“Thank you, my friend,” Thor was saying as he wrenched an antler into a new shape. “I enjoy my time on Earth, but I have been thinking of home more and more, during these holidays.”
That is, after all, one of the primary benefits of being Tony Stark: that he doesn’t have to do things unless he wants to. And what he
The secret reason that Steve agreed to help Stark, however, was simple curiosity. Stark’s immediate instinct to protect Banner seemed to defy everything else Steve knew about him – namely, his casual disregard for the safety and wellbeing of others, and the way he’d always seemed to prioritize his own entertainment above anything else. So Steve had wondered if maybe there was more to Stark than met the eye.
He pulls Tony over to the rolling chair that Happy had brought from Stark Tower, and which has been sitting in the corner of Rogers’ living room with the rest of Tony’s lab scraps. Rogers sits down on the chair, props his feet against its wheels, and then gives Tony a small smile, the Captain America equivalent of anyone else throwing out their arms and proclaiming “ta-da!”
“Seriously, Steve? You’re seriously—this is really what we’re doing?”
the chaos of this situation?”
gifts – Tony Stark’s, that is – and Tony briefly wondered how the House Elves had known to bring them to Gryffindor, before his entire mind was consumed by the task of tearing into his presents. There was a set of elegant new dress robes from his parents (which Tony made a face at); some new books from Jarvis and Ana (along with a letter scolding him for not writing more often); and two elegant gold Secrecy Sensors from his Aunt Peggy (“one for taking apart, and one to keep”). He’d also gotten a sack of new Weasleys’ Wizard Wheezes products from Rhodey and Pepper, which made Tony feel a spike of guilt at having forgotten them so thoroughly in his distraction over the Polyjuice Spell (especially now that practically every other Seventh Year at Hogwarts knew the secret).
“It was highly misleading. I feel misled,” Tony continues to object, much weaker than before, and Steve shoots him a grin before starting to work on the buttons of Tony’s own shirt.
Tonight, Tony sat in a squashy scarlet armchair by the fire, reading one of the Metamorphmagus theory books he’d made Bruce check out of the library for him (Tony and Steve were both still too afraid to face Madam Pince’s wrath themselves). He’d been worried at first that Steve’s friends would notice the book and ask questions, but so far, the only people who’d spoken to him had been a steady stream of younger students asking for homework help, to the point where Tony wondered if it was another Head Boy duty that Steve had forgotten to warn him about. All the other Seventh Year Gryffindors seemed happily grouped around the common room, but nobody was catching his eye to invite him to join them. Tony told himself that he should be thankful, since it was much easier to pretend to be Steve if Steve didn’t have any close friends who would pick up on his strange behavior. But mainly, Tony just felt unsettled, and rather indignant on Steve’s behalf.
“Well, thank God you grabbed my hand, and not something else,” is all Tony can think to say.
“No, Steve, you don’t get it,” Tony snapped, inadvertently echoing Steve’s thoughts. And Steve felt almost relieved to hear the annoyance in Tony’s voice – whatever it was that Tony was feeling guilty about, at least it wasn’t serious enough to teach him patience.
“I didn’t exactly think I had a choice,
get there in the end). There were fifteen minutes left on his patrol, and he was struck by a sudden need to spend them outside these castle walls.
They didn’t make it back to Hogwarts in time for dinner.
It turns out that what Pepper wants is to give Tony a massive amount of shit for being asleep past 10am, “although I guess you’re still on your fake-honeymoon, no wonder you’re worn out,” which is just not a helpful comment to make to a person who, not fifteen minutes before, had been sleepily fantasizing about his reluctant-colleague-turned-reluctant-roommate and occasional insomnia buddy, who also, by the way, is
“I didn’t know there were still secret passages at Hogwarts! I thought they’d been filled in after the war, and the renovations.”
“Just.” Tony stopped his obsessive trajectory and whirled around to face Bruce. Bruce took a step back at whatever look he found on Tony’s face. “Let me. It’s my spell. It should be me.”
“Anyway. JARVIS and I put together a list of some typical teambuilding and icebreaker exercises. I figure maybe the “condition” or whatever could be fulfilled by one of these.”
? Calm down, John Hughes, and we’ll have you breaking out of detention in no time. I just think…” Tony pauses. Sighs. “I just think you’ll be happiest with SHIELD.” He’s talking slower than Steve’s ever heard him, slow enough that he’s approximating normal human speeds. Steve can’t tell if it’s because Tony is uncertain about his own reasoning, or about how Steve will react to it. Steve has never known either of those things to concern Tony before.
Ellen made a small scoffing noise but obligingly halted her mad dash down the corridor. She turned in her girlfriend’s hold, angling her body close as she said something that Steve couldn’t catch. Her girlfriend smiled, small and private, as she murmured her reply.
“Let’s just say, I can suddenly see the advantages,” Rogers retorts, and Tony throws his arms in the air.
. He’d been expecting Rogers to roll his eyes, or possibly, depending on how “40s” he was feeling this early in the morning, get defensive and angry. What Tony had categorically
– looking forward to some leftover cake, to find Steve and Natasha sitting together at the Avengers’ shared kitchen table.
, who’d spent the entire summer vacation on the verge of sending him to Durmstrang to “stop him messing about with girls instead of taking his education seriously.” As if there weren’t girls at Durmstrang (…is what Tony had
has no other options.”
Tony’s quill stopped scribbling abruptly, and Steve watched as a large splotch of ink spread across the page. The ink, at least, was safe enough to look at right now. Steve could feel his face burning.
Tony brushed a stubborn lock of blond hair out of his eyes – one that had always irritated Steve as well - and frowned down at the passage he’d been skimming.
Tony gives him a narrow look. “Why did you insist we come back here if you hate having people in your space so much?”
Rogers blinks and takes in a sharp breath. “Never mind, just thinking aloud. Goodnight, Stark.”
“See, this is why I don't go by ‘Doctor Stark,’” Tony grumbles. “It only leads to arrogance."
“Aww, does that mean we shared True Love’s Kiss?”
So Tony did the only thing he could think to do. He shrugged at Romanoff in exaggerated puzzlement, said “uhh, what are Sopophorous beans?” and dumped his entire handful of powdered porcupine quills into the cauldron.
Tony continued, “The Christmas holiday starts in a few days, and I was thinking about what you said the other night. That you usually spent it with your friend in New York, but Steve…” He trailed off miserably, and Steve finally caught up.
“Yeah, I actually have some notes on that, after the last mission—” Tony and Bruce both glanced around the TV room apprehensively. Even though neither of them could
“JARVIS?”
“I guess you’re not,” he says slowly. “But your hand? That
Steve thinks about it.
), and that asking him what three things he would take to a desert island only results in a baffled stare, but when
“Oh.” Tony sat up and rested his chin on his knees, a ball of angular awkwardness. Steve wondered if
Maybe it’s the fact that Steve’s still groggy, but an honest answer slips out before he’s thought about it. “This phone goes both ways, Tony. You’re still my first call.”
Once freed, Tony immediately rolls back over to his own side of the bed. “Yeah, sorry to use you as a pillow.”
“Did we, or did we not, have to make out to break the spell?” Tony asks.
? No! How would that even work? We still look like ourselves! For a true murder pact, you’d have to—no, you know what, I’m not getting into this with you!”
?” Tony interrupts sharply, and Steve can almost hear the servos of Tony’s brain whirring into life. “Steve. What do you actually remember?”
“I hereby call—“ started Bruce. Tony flicked his wand lazily to send a Cauldron Cake rocketing into Bruce’s open mouth. Bruce made a “mff!” of surprise, his eyes crossing as he attempted to look down at his own mouth. But once he’d registered the projectile as chocolate, he seemed content enough to finish eating it.
“You…know about that?”
about it or anything!
, a hug, but he’s still afraid of shattering whatever impulse is driving Steve to talk about this.
Tony makes a complicated gesture with his left gauntlet, which triggers a set of handholds to unfold from the body of the suit with a quiet hiss.
Once the table is cleared, Tony stabilizes his left gauntlet with a clamp and lays out the collection of tools he thinks he’ll need. In theory, once he gets the nanotechnology working properly, they’ll form a full suit of armor by fanning outward from one central point, but for now, Tony will settle for installing a modified housing unit onto his left wrist so that the rest of his armor can stay as-is. And hey, this is basically like a built-in opportunity to field test the nanotech. Bright side.
, and now that he’s thinking about Pepper, he’s remembering all the hours he’d spent tossing and turning while she slept, trying to get comfortable without waking her, or waiting for her to fall deeply enough sleep that he could slip out of bed and escape downstairs again.
kind of interest from Tony Stark, and even less idea how to keep it.
“And you don’t feel like forging my signature on a document called
Tony startled and knocked over his cauldron (luckily empty), but Steve pushed through the ensuing chaos – now that he’d started, he didn’t think he could stop. “I just want to say that you don’t have to worry about what I might’ve...because I didn’t…And also, I don’t
managed to get comfortable moving in this new, taller body as long as he didn’t think about it, but the moment his attention was drawn back to it, he had a tendency to walk into things. Or trip and fall in front of the entire school.
“I will never forgive you if you’ve fucked this up,” said Bruce, even as he drew his wand and prepared to cast the spell that, by this point, they both knew by heart.
When he’d finished his internal inventory and was able to notice anything outside of himself, it was to find McGonagall in as much of a temper as he’d ever seen her. Tony, meanwhile, was rolling his shoulders as though his robes itched, and looking cowed by whatever McGonagall has said while Steve wasn’t paying attention.
“I mean, it’s a little more complicated—”
“Really?” Steve burst out, finally lifting his eyes to Tony’s face. Tony was blushing but grinning widely back at him. “Tony, that’s—!“
said can’t be translated into English!”
Tony closed his eyes and forced himself to stand very still, poised on the balls of his feet like a runner suspended in the breath before the starting gun.
“Yeah, yeah. I’m a delight, Rogers, and you know it. But seriously. They won’t damage the suit permanently, or get in your way in the field.”
“Wait, what do you mean, ‘
His next words are muffled by the fabric of Tony’s worn T-shirt. “Had some before I left, but might’ve…miscalculated. Forgot how it worked, 's been so long.”
be stuck this way forever. Because, despite looking hopefully at their hands every time they reveal their favorite TV show (Tony:
unkind conversation about giant stuffed rabbits that Tony would prefer to avoid.
something nonsensical, and Steve was left alone to do whatever he liked. After spending one single day as Tony Stark, Steve had felt more invisible than he’d
It had made Steve even more determined
just haven’t achieved the sort of mayhem that meets my standards,” Steve retorted, shoving lightly at Tony’s shoulder.
Of course. They’re only dancing in the first place to avoid Grey’s intrusive questions, and to preserve their cover as a couple. And Steve is a great actor. He’d proven that earlier in front of the paparazzi.
Romanoff did not deign to dignify that with a response. “Is it like a murder pact thing? Where you go to his house for Christmas, and he goes to yours, and then…” Romanoff trailed off meaningfully.
“What are you talking about?” Steve asks distractedly. He twitches his shoulders and worries at the hem of his jacket. “Hey, are you sure this is okay? I mean—”
“Thor, buddy, you really have mastered the true meaning of Christmas.”
But he was just so
goes to voicemail. He stares down at the caller ID photo – a selfie of Tony, smirking, as he’d hovered next to the William Penn statue that tops Philadelphia’s City Hall – and hangs up before Tony’s voice on the machine can finish berating him for not sending a text instead.
You don’t become an engineer as skilled as Tony without learning how to tread lightly in the face of complex systems.
Which is how they end up sitting as far away from each other on Rogers’ sofa as they can reasonably get while still being joined by their hands. Rogers has conjured a book – Ishiguro’s
spending my sentence in whatever tiny, blast-from-the-past Americana nightmare you call home.”
“What?”
“Oh!” said Thor, eyes flickering between the two of them. Natasha, Clint, and Bruce each made sudden hushing gestures, but Thor had already barreled onward. “I would not advise having sex until you are returned to your proper bodies,” he said gravely.
Rogers shifts uncomfortably in response to Tony’s question, and then, true to form, changes the subject.
fallen over again, he’d been mostly fine with it. Stranger magical accidents had happened at Hogwarts. Steve had heard whispered rumors of a misbrewed Aging Potion that had exploded and turned the entire class into infants, and there was at least one classroom in the Charms corridor that had been locked up until an Unspeakable could come have a look at it.
“Nope,” Tony says shortly.
“Tony, I think we both know there was
Madam Pince appeared as though Summoned by the noise. She pointed one trembling hand at the water still dripping from Tony’s hair, the other clasped over her mouth as though she were starring in a Muggle film. The horror of it all was apparently too much for her, because she couldn’t even bring herself to shout as she tossed them unceremoniously out of the library with a flick of her wand that sent them tumbling out the door.
innuendo…
Strange had waved off his concern, and continued desperately: “So then, what happened after the Chitauri were defeated?”
“You let Happy pack it up and bring it here,” Rogers points out, far too astutely for Tony’s liking.
“It’s part of
The second thing Tony saw was Evil Twin Tony’s school tie, swinging out of his collar as he leaned over Tony (
“Yeah, maybe because I’ve
The second thing Pepper wants is coffee, which Tony busies himself with making, after he blurts out “shut up, we’re
maneuvering circumstances until Steve’s best chance to fix things – to protect Tony and Bucky both – had been to keep Tony in the dark.
– but that would mean the original spell was completely wrong…”
“This is the worst thing you’ve ever made me do.” Bruce’s voice was muffled by the snow.
He could have gone to Ilvermorny when his mother died. But he’d had his heart set on Hogwarts. It was where both his parents had gone to school. It was where his mother had taught, briefly, before Voldemort’s first rise to power had driven her to America. She’d met his father there, another member of the small, traumatized community of magical British ex-pats who’d fled to New York. But Britain was where his father had died. He couldn’t bear to watch another war from the sidelines, he’d said, and had returned to fight Voldemort, “like he should have the first time.”
“Not tonight,” he says quietly. “But you should. You only slept a few hours. I’ve got a book here, and there’s enough light for me to read by.”
for the guy. ‘Complex system,’ his ass. If only Rogers was ever willing to think the same about him.
“I can’t,” Steve interrupts, something settling heavily in the pit of his stomach that feels too much like longing. “I mean, sure, when you put it like that, maybe our
“I recognize the spell, of course,” Strange begins, once they’re settled onto chairs and have been provided with some odd-tasting tea that Tony suspects may be a hallucinogen.
They bring their coffee over to Rogers’ couch, adopting similar positions to last night: Rogers with a book and Tony with his tablet. And once again, the minute Tony sits down, he starts to feel that same visceral and irrational need to
“Actually, Tony promised me this next dance. You should probably let go of him now.”
He counts seventeen more cars before he remembers the cell phone that Tony Stark had forced on him before he’d left New York. He’s still not entirely sure how it works, but he does remember his lesson on finding his “Contacts.” There are only two entries programmed into the phone: Tony and Maria Hill.
that he hasn’t been fidgeting, has refused to let himself, so how did Rogers know…
unconscious.
Clint scowled from his spot on the floor, where he was building a surprisingly accurate scale model of Hogwarts out of Chocolate Frogs. “I still don’t see why you
To Tony’s surprise, this plan actually works pretty well. At first, he’s still self-conscious about Rogers’ company and the ever-present weight of Rogers’ hand in his, but as Tony moves, the easier it is for Rogers rolling along behind him to fade quietly into the background. Soon, Tony is pacing in his usual abrupt zig-zags, dictating notes to JARVIS’ portable interface on his tablet, and it’s almost like he’s back in his own lab.
wasn’t very fair, to either of us. But seriously
stronger than whatever stitching is on there now, right? And as you’re constantly reminding me, we don’t know how long we’ll be stuck together like this.”
to having Captain America as my bathroom buddy,” Tony grumbles, the thirty-fourth time Rogers elbows him in the side while brushing his teeth.
“I might be a bad influence on you,” Tony mumbles, and then soothes the sting of the bite and the words, both, with a soft swipe of his tongue. Steve hums. In one practiced movement, he flips them both over and holds Tony still with the weight of his own body. He ducks his head for a kiss at the same time as he grinds his hips down,
“Cap?”
Steve glances up at him, eyes very blue in the light from the lamp Tony had positioned over the gauntlet, and Tony’s breath catches. Steve doesn’t look anything like Captain America now, despite the uniform he’s still wearing. Or perhaps it’s more accurate to say that Steve no longer looks like an image from one of Tony’s dad’s posters brought to life, nor does he look like the man in the blue helmet whom Tony has gotten accustomed to bickering with over comms in the last few years.
how pretty Captain America’s eyes are. Obviously Tony’s always known Rogers was attractive, but there’s All-American Peak of Human Perfection attractive, and then there’s Watching Tony Over A Chipped Coffee Mug Early in the Morning, Steam Curling Around His Cheekbones
“Um.” Steve hesitates, twirling the cord of a police payphone between his fingers. “In the most technical sense of that word? Yes.”
. Later, he gives Rogers instructions that, if carried out, probably would have started a small electrical fire. Tony only barely catches his own mistake before Rogers actually does it.
. A little. Possibly.
“It seems, sir, that a small fire has been started in your workshop.”
“…a fascinating application of Golpalott’s First Law!” Steve finished brightly.
“Somehow I think I’ll manage,” Tony drawls, anxiety now transformed into amusement. He would’ve assumed Steve had been living in the 21st century for long enough (not to mention World War II) that he wouldn’t still get so flustered by a bit of skin, but Tony’s delighted to be wrong.
“Told you this suit could reach Mach 4 –
.” There’s a bitterness to the way he draws out that last word. “It’s a nice theory, I guess. Protecting me, keeping secrets, making things
“Between the both of us, we have two free hands. I’ll just have to help you.”
be furious, Bruce tried to warn me—“
?” and ending somewhere around “…and you’re
Although this seems like a perfectly reasonable question to
that feels good.”
next time). But for now? For this one moment on this one particular morning? It’s nice.
Tony’s laugh is brittle. “Oh right, so I must’ve forgotten all those long updates on Bucky Watch 2016.”
had caught him, Rogers had just happened to be in the common room at the time). What Tony had found particularly galling about that whole fiasco was that he’d genuinely been trying to do a
. Because Steve had assumed he’d done something
“I don’t understand?”
“May I remind you,
“I do actually know the word for it,” Steve tells him, amused in spite of himself. And maybe if Steve were a little drunker – or if his face weren’t quite so close to Tony’s already – he’d miss the expression of pure
“It’s
the idea of being someone else. Just for a day or two. Almost like a vacation.
She snapped out an unfamiliar spell and flicked her wand, and Steve was slammed back into his own body with the force of a Bludger. He’d been uncomfortable before, but it was nothing compared to the odd stretched-out feeling of returning to a body that no longer seemed to fit him. Steve knew his body couldn’t have changed that much in the past few weeks, which meant that it must’ve been Steve himself who’d changed. It was momentarily strange, but Steve thought he could get used to it.
. “You don’t have to explain, and it’s not stupid. If you don’t like it when I stand next to you, I won’t.”
rest one hand defensively on the body of the coffee maker. “In your day, did people make coffee in the bathtub like Prohibition gin? And you had to carry the bathtub uphill both ways? No doubt this is just the last in a long line of capitalist extravagances I’ve forced on you, a man of the people?”
is the one who keeps fucking up. He’s distracted and awkward, the muscle memory for tasks he’s done a million times suddenly deserting him. At one point he actually
terrible lying. It felt oddly unsportsmanlike to get Stark in trouble for something he
Thankfully, Happy had set up Tony’s own espresso maker in the kitchen before he’d departed, and so all Tony has to do is measure out the coffee and water and press a few buttons, tasks he can accomplish one-handed. Rogers watches Tony work with a funny look on his face, which Tony resolutely ignores until the aroma of brewed coffee gives him a placebo effect of caffeine.
“We’ll talk in the morning?” Steve yawns, and somehow his head is back on Tony’s shoulder. He doesn’t remember putting it there. “And then we can—I
“Fine,” he finds himself saying. “We’ll try it.”
everyone who didn’t fit into his rule-following boxes. He always turned in homework on time, and
“Insensitive,” Tony quips. “Cap’s standing
“Seriously?” Tony snaps. “Stranger Things travels to an alternate universe to stop a cataclysmic event, and once he gets there, his big play is to force two random people into magical
“Do you think you’re the first students to accidentally switch bodies?” McGonagall was in the middle of demanding. Tony frowned.
But all he says is: “JARVIS, clear my schedule, and activate Smart House Protocols. I’m not available to anyone who tries to call me, unless it’s a bona fide emergency. I’m talking killer mermaids swimming up the Hudson River, killer robots in Omaha, killer aliens landing in San Francisco…you seeing the pattern?”
Steve gives Tony an innocent grin that fractures into bliss when Tony gets a hand around him, deft and calloused and just this side of too rough. In other words,
“What are you, the Wizengamot? I didn’t make an Unbreakable Vow, I can do what I want, and what I
–“ Steve continued, still pink-cheeked but now looking some combination of pleased and distressed, which Tony decided to consider a step in the right direction.
been certain. Or rather, he hadn’t wanted to believe that there was
But the silence was lengthening – Tony couldn’t just say
amused.
When Steve had written Headmistress McGonagall to ask if his place at Hogwarts – inherited from his parents – was still available, he’d had some strange idea that it would bring him closer to them. New York hadn’t felt like home without his mother in it, and he’d thought Hogwarts might.
“I know that. So?” Tony said slowly, wishing desperately that he’d spent more time studying his expressions in a mirror, just so he’d have some clue what Rogers was thinking.
our chances to pass our NEWTs.”
“Excuse me if I don’t have a lot of practice being confined to one place,” Tony snaps (
“Need a hand?”
…It’s possible that Tony is panicking about this.
“Tony! What the
“Steve?”
Implementing the second half of the Home for Christmas Protocol was simple. Tony had been intending to set up the Avengers’ Christmas decorations in the main common area, which was where they tended to throw parties and which, as they’d all discovered last May 29
, only for the other Avengers to react with expressions that ranged from “annoyed” to “pitying,” and really, no part of that spectrum was ideal.
“Rogers? Are you glitching? Does your brain need a force-reboot? What’s going on?”
, dogging Tony’s every step with docked house points and detentions. Case in point being this little adventure.
they did.” Steve considers being offended, but Tony’s voice is as warm as the arm he’s shifting to wrap around Steve’s back, and so Steve decides against it.
be an alternative version of himself. Even split in half and spell-damaged,
reason he sunk a little further into the shadows of the hallway rather than announce his presence.
of super-strong
decisions. Like, for example, shutting himself into a tiny closet with the man he’s half in love with.
Eventually, Happy drops them off in front of a large Victorian brownstone, and they manage to clamber out of the car. There is one alarming moment when Rogers pulls and Tony pushes, and the two of them nearly tumble out into the street. But Rogers manages to right them both before they end up sprawled on the sidewalk.
Rogers touching his tools. His armor.
“I…didn’t assume you did.”
“It’s insulting that you think mine would ever break,” Tony says, but the background noise goes suddenly muffled, and there’s a level of focus in his voice that’s more familiar coming from Iron Man. “Where are you right now?
Romanoff took a few deep, even breaths, and then nodded sharply to herself. “Clint and I can help swap you back. He’s staying for Christmas, too.”
Tony pans his tablet camera from his own face, down to his and Rogers’ still-joined hands, and then over to Rogers, perched cross-legged on the rolling chair with his book in his other hand. Rogers gives Pepper an apologetic smile and waves the book at her in greeting.
“I never forced you to help me,” Rogers says evenly, but Tony can still feel his fingers twitching.
, if Tony hadn’t been a genius, his next thought might not have been to recall all the times that Rogers had called
“Well
Steve hesitates, struggling to find the words, watching as the bridge of Tony’s nose, his hair – the humor always lurking in his eyes – comes to life under Steve’s pencil like someone else is drawing it. Tony stays quiet on the other end of the line.
Tony is gazing blearily at Steve’s chest – he’s gotten like three hours of sleep, okay? Give him a break – when Steve suddenly leans forward to study the coffee maker, eyes narrowing at an inscription on its side.
And once Professor Sinistra had been stunned into silence by this oratorical bombardment, Tony had grabbed Steve by the hand and walked serenely in the complete opposite direction of Ravenclaw Tower.
was all about how engineers would save the world, wasn’t it? Scientists and pilots starting an organization called “Wings Over the World” that could put a peaceful end to an endless war. That’s part of what I liked about it, too. The news from Europe was already bad, even in ’36, and it’s not like the movie was sugar-coating any of that, but it still held out a certain kind of hope. And in the end, I guess the movie was right. We
once the last holdout surrenders his footage with a scowl. And then Tony follows it all up by grandly paying for everyone’s lunch and sweeping out of the restaurant with Steve bobbing along in his wake.
“Right,” Tony scoffs. “Because when a national icon calls me up all ‘hey, Stark, I’m rescuing a prisoner and HYDRA upgraded their cell locks, any thoughts? And oh, by the way, the guards already know I’m here, so talk fast,’ I regularly just hang up on them. Seriously? I’ve been pulling your ass out of danger for years and you still believe everything you see about me on TMZ?”
Pepper softening in the face of that earnest tone. And then he adds, totally deadpan: “Approximately.”
They run the gauntlet of reporters without any real mishap, but Tony knows that it’s actually in the gala itself that the real performance will begin. Unfortunately, it’s much harder to ignore an intrusive question from the CEO of Boeing who’s cornered you against a potted plant, than it is to ignore a Page Six reporter standing ten feet away.
Strange finishes his prepared message with a dramatic little flourish of his cape, and watches Tony expectantly. Tony stares back.
Tony whirled on him. “Seriously?”
It’s not like he can do that
“You said this wouldn’t be dangerous!” Bruce hunched even deeper into his winter cloak and scowled down at the foot of snow they’d been trudging through. But he didn’t make any move to turn back, which was practically the same as wholehearted approval. A solid
suspicious if I didn’t drag you away at some point tonight for sex.”
– twins who were
And with another judgmental sniff, Strange disappears in the blink of a portal.
“I have no idea what those sounds are that you just made, but I’m assuming they translate to: ‘yes, Tony, I have seen that film.’”
on occasion, at telling the truth, said: “Of course! I have gifts for everyone! But in this case, I’m pretty sure I can return it.”
secret reason was that Steve
They manage it eventually, with the exception of a fraught moment when Rogers zigs and Tony zags, and it bounces them both back into the middle of the bed. Tony kicks Rogers in the knee, which is a total accident, and Rogers elbows him in the stomach, which totally is not, but since the whole ordeal concludes with them both lying on the bed and still speaking to each other, Tony considers it a success.
It’s not until they’re taking their place amidst the other couples gliding across the floor that Steve seems to fully realize what he’d committed them both to doing. He slides his hand up to Tony’s shoulder with a hesitance more appropriate to defusing a bomb, and his posture resembles nothing so much as a particularly terrified plank.
He’s halfway through a calculation when he falls suddenly and deeply asleep.
“Mm, only the best for you, baby,” Tony purrs without missing a beat. Steve laughs, and even as he redirects them back to their initial topic, he can’t fight the stupid grin that wants so badly to stay on his face.
, just like I’m a
“When you’re standing or sitting next to me—” Tony blurts out, and then has to close his eyes in mortification. But Steve just waits quietly, and after a few seconds, Tony manages to open them again and continue. “Like, when I can sense you’re there but I’m not looking directly at you? That tends to…freak me out. Especially when I—yeah.” He swings their joined hands. “Can’t actually get away.”
over the poinsettias in the doorway as roll right through them with impressive unconcern. “I have been searching for you! Steven assisted me in my quest – I should have known to consult him from the start.”
– oh my God.” Tony is possibly having some sort of asthma attack on the other end of the line. Steve grits his teeth and suffers through a few moments of Tony’s delighted wheezing before he cracks.
“Um. In the most technical sense of the word?”
“Well, I promised you that I wouldn’t let you get caught by McGonagall. I didn’t exactly keep that promise, did I?” Steve had worked this explanation out on Day Three, and he was rather proud of the reasoning behind it.
“No defense of yourself?”
burst into flames.
“So. You snapped all your own credit cards. And then…brandished the pieces at your server?”
spent bobbing in a tiny rowboat, waiting for rescue from an irate McGonagall.
“Seriously, does
They’d had several run-ins in fifth year, once Rogers became a prefect, but nothing serious until sixth year, when Rogers had caught Tony sneaking into the Gryffindor girls’ dormitories (well, to be fair, the bloody
“Hey Tony—
Rogers had taken him to McGonagall, who’d
“Steve
, and suddenly staying in Malibu was looking better and better. I’m only here this weekend because the UN wouldn’t let me Skype in.”
“Most people wouldn’t immediately suspect Captain America of a crime, you know,” Steve can’t help but mumble.
?” Tony finally asks sourly, tugging at Rogers’ hand just to see him wobble slightly before managing to stabilize himself against Tony’s desk. Rogers shoots him a dirty look, to which Tony just smiles blandly.
Steve can’t help it – he starts to laugh. And some tension in Tony’s face eases at the sound.
an out!”
“Thelma. Louise.” He nods a greeting to each of them in turn.
“Oh, I’m sorry, did you
,” said Bruce.
“I’ve never liked Christmas traditions,” Tony said abruptly. He hadn’t meant to say it – has rarely talked about this before, but something about the bourbon, and the talk of holiday traditions, and Thor’s comforting equanimity, had made him blurt it out. He fiddled with the rein-goat’s wiring as he continued: “Most of my childhood, we hade those big Christmases. Y’know, like—” Tony glanced sidelong at Thor, wondering what reference would translate, and then remembered what Thor had apparently spent the entirety of December doing. “Like the movies. Anything you could imagine, we had it. And I hated all of it, of course, the whole exhausting production. I couldn’t wait to spend Christmas on my own, and so, once I went to MIT, that’s exactly what I did. I’d stay in Boston, sometimes alone, sometimes with Rhodey. Used to drive my mom crazy.”
” Lightning had crackled dangerously over Strange’s skin, and Tony had hurried to explain.
“Wow, when I wanted to see movies as a kid, all I did was hack Disney.” Tony shakes his head, genuinely dismayed that he hadn’t incorporated petty gambling into his teenage life of cyber-crime.
Happy has been tasked with returning to the Tower and collecting Tony’s most indispensable possessions: namely, his travel tool kit, soldering iron, JARVIS’ portable interface, and his own coffee maker, because Tony would bet his entire fortune that Rogers makes crap coffee.
“Don’t worry about it, Rogers, I’m flattered. Didn’t realize I was your type,” Tony quips.
“Not at all; my gifts have long been purchased.”
“You think I’m a genius?” Tony asked blankly, but by then Rogers had already stomped away.
“Hm, not yet.”
But then, of course, Tony has to go and open his stupid, gorgeous mouth.
to this?” Tony asks, and can’t quite stop his hand from twitching in Rogers’.
like Bruce did this – what with the casting and the light and the – “ Tony made a
Tony turns toward the nearest flat surface, which happens to be the table that Rogers had refused to let Tony clear last night. He also comes abruptly face-to-face with Rogers himself, who is watching Tony intently from his rolling perch.
Tony, however, hadn’t been constrained by tiny details like classified documents. Plus, he figured it was an issue that directly concerned him. It was around this time that Rogers had started calling him, with visible reluctance, for tech support as he pursued his own solitary vendetta against HYDRA. So Tony had managed to drag the whole story out of SHIELD’s servers: how SHIELD had been infiltrated by HYDRA; how Fury had faked his own death and tasked Rogers with uncovering the conspiracy; how Rogers and some guy named Sam Wilson had briefly tangled with a HYDRA assassin called the Winter Soldier, but they’d both been captured almost immediately; how they’d gotten free and taken down the Helicarriers threatening to
It suddenly occurs to Tony that Rogers might not
“So…about what Thor said,” Steve repeated slowly. “He also wasn’t
: something that, for some reason Tony doesn’t understand, is clearly
Pepper makes Massimiliano sign the NDA anyway.
, he had managed to get lost three times between Gryffindor and the Great Hall, get trapped on two temperamental staircases, and get doused in water by one poltergeist.
fine, but which Steve will never admit to.
“Of course, Sir,” said JARVIS, and it was possible that Tony might’ve been panicking,
“I specifically remember offering to put you up at Stark Tower,” Tony continues. “You’d never have to work a day in your life! I’d keep you in that 1940s luxury to which you’d become accustomed.”
“JARVIS, start a spreadsheet,” Tony said, blinking down at the smoking remains of…a thing. What had he been doing again?
Steve’s with Natasha, in a tiny cafe in Bulgaria, when he catches a glimpse of Tony’s face on the screen of a battered TV above the bar. It’s three more hours before he can find a secure enough location to check his laptop, and by then, footage of Tony’s Malibu house sliding into the ocean is plastered over every American news site.
New York, I would’ve noticed.”
“Be lucky all I did was wave some paper around the smoke detector,” Pepper retorts. “When I’ve imagined what it would be like to set fire to your possessions, it’s never been so well-contained.”
“Can you please explain to me,” Pepper says evenly, like she’s praying for patience, “why you were photographed yesterday afternoon
. In fact, he can’t even remember the moment he started calling him “Steve” in his head rather than “Rogers” or “Cap,” but it wasn’t actually that long ago.
Steve rolled his eyes, and could hear the exasperated fondness that colored his voice when he said: “Let’s go down to dinner, and you can explain the thing you were reading about Metamorphmagi, and then maybe I’ll tell you.”
Tony tries to slip into the flow mindset that he can usually access easily whenever he starts an engineering project. But of course, that’s exactly when things start to go wrong.
“Yeah, try to contain your shock and awe. Do you know where he usually hangs out? I’ve only ever run into him mid-battle. Is there like a New York version of Hogwarts?”
“I—erm—“ Tony stuttered, glancing from Romanoff, who raised her eyebrows in barely concealed impatience; to Bruce and Rogers, who’d caught on that something was wrong but were giving him
And since Pepper – which, oh god, had been
“Well that was...not the answer I was expecting from you.”
Tony led him to a little-used third-floor corridor, where he stopped in front of a newer tapestry depicting a scene from the Battle of Hogwarts. Steve was interested to notice that the fight represented in the tapestry was taking place in what looked like this exact corridor, except where the tapestry was now hanging, there was a door instead.
Tony manages to concentrate on the blueprints for a few minutes, but then Rogers shifts to adjust his grip on the book, and the movement causes him to press his hand lightly against Tony’s. An instant later, they’re back to the same loose hold as before, their hands touching as little as possible while remaining magically linked, but it’s already too late for Tony’s focus.
And honestly. There’s only so much Tony can be expected to bear.
“He wasn’t completely wrong about me either,” Tony finally mumbled, after perhaps the longest silence of Steve’s life.
“That’s a misrepresentation—” he starts awkwardly, just as Tony says: “
“Steve,” Tony begins, and Steve
The other part of the Home for Christmas Protocol – the actual gifting – proved to be somewhat harder. Tony found himself constantly ruminating on what to get Steve for Christmas. When he was in a meeting about the new StarkPhone upgrades, when he was arguing on the phone with Pepper about the new StarkPhone upgrades, when he stopped by the R&D labs to monitor progress on the new StarkPhone upgrades, when he was redesigning the new StarkPhone upgrades – in short, at every moment of his life – at least half of Tony’s brain was stuck on the problem of Steve’s gift.
It’s not a hard punch, but Rogers clearly wasn’t expecting it; clearly Rogers doesn’t understand how utterly serious Tony feels about Rogers dropping his hand. Right. Now.
capable of exceeding even the
“Yeah, ‘course, never a problem, Cap,” is what Tony finally says. Briskly.
promptly, judging by Rogers’ raised eyebrow. And
“Merry Christmas?” Steve did a kind of jazz hands motion and then stared at Tony like this should all make sense to him.
familiar figure in Ravenclaw robes.
talk when Tony returns from MIT. That this is Steve’s best chance to repair things, and he’s about to lose it. But how could he push Tony for anything right now?
“After Afghanistan,” Tony starts quietly, and finds that it’s somehow easier to say the word now, in the velvet hush of Steve’s bedroom. Steve doesn’t jump at the sound of his voice – he just turns his head slowly, pale eyes gleaming in the dark to let Tony know that he’s listening, even as the details of his expression are lost in shadow.
of awkwardness feels similar.
At least Rogers’ bed is comfortable, and there’s enough ambient city light coming through the bedroom windows that it washes the room in a gentle, velvety darkness (nothing like the pitch black of a cave). And Rogers is an oddly soothing presence next to him: his body like a levee between Tony and the windows; his breath a slow, even metronome.
spreadsheets and a diagram – to the scribble of calculations that were his best attempts to represent the contents of the spreadsheet mathematically.
“But it’s
, Tony thinks, because it’s all
, Tony might
“Interestingly, that circumstance is
“I don’t doubt that.” Rogers’ smile grows a bit wider.
“Yeah, about that,” Tony interjects, still annoyed at the interruption. “Care to explain why you put us under a fuck-or-die spell?”
As the night went on, Tony found himself reciprocating, telling Steve about sneaking out of his parents’ holiday parties to light a menorah with Jarvis and his wife Ana, who would smuggle him treats that his parents had forbidden while he was in his nice holiday dress robes. He told Steve that since Hogwarts, he’d been spending most of his holiday breaks with his godmother Peggy, who lived in London and worked for the Ministry (Tony was almost certain she was an Unspeakable), and took him ice skating on the weekends. Rather than ask the question Tony had been dreading about why he didn’t spend Christmas with his parents, Steve told Tony about the time he’d gone skating at Rockefeller Center with Bucky.
“I’d say you still haven’t paid me back from the last one. What is this,
“Oh,” Steve said softly, and
“Yeah, your neighbors must hate you,” Tony says sarcastically, but lets himself be dragged out of bed and toward Steve’s front door.
“No,” Tony said, perhaps
The moment their hands touch, there’s a loud bang, and a crackle of now all-too-familiar electricity, and both Tony and Rogers are thrown to the floor.
“I meant--”
, the spell will replace Polyjuice without its uncomfortable interactions with werewolf physiology. If it works, you should be able to use it on the night of the full moon to transfigure into someone who
, exactly, to discover that Tony Stark and Bruce Banner had decided that after curfew, in December, during a snowstorm, was the perfect time to sneak into the Forbidden Forest for some casual spell-casting.
of ‘the American way.’”
“I know you do,” Tony soothes, and Steve falls asleep to the rhythms of the car on the pavement and Tony’s fingers lightly stroking back his hair.
There’s a metallic crash on the other end of the line, and then an excited whirring that Steve recognizes as one of the bots.
possible, because I’ve been pen-pals with a man named Arthur Weasley ever since I saw his editorial in the Quibbler about modifying spells to work with electricity, and I was curious about—“
“Thanos always comes. He’s inevitable,” Strange had retorted, in such a flat voice that Tony’d had to suppress an involuntary shiver. “No, this is bad. This is very bad. You’re really saying you and Steve don’t work together
Tony, always loath to admit he doesn’t understand something, stares back silently. Rogers’ smile twitches into something distinctly smug, like he’s enjoying this opportunity to baffle Tony.
“Yeah but you were a
to reach out and touch him. Just a hand on his shoulder or,
“Steve,” Tony says into the brief silence, and if the use of his first name didn’t put Steve on alert, that odd hesitance creeping back into Tony’s voice
wasn’t good enough for
the subject!”
Cap. I’m practicing
the one trying to persuade
And Tony is more than happy to change the subject from fucking, fake or otherwise.
“Here’s hoping,” Tony agrees absently. He yawns, blinks, and then suddenly he’s shooting up from the bed, nearly braining himself on Steve’s chin in the process. “Oh crap, I forgot--” Steve sits up as well, alarmed, so he’s moderately prepared to catch the foil-wrapped bundle that comes hurtling towards his head.
clingy and weird. Which would really mess with my whole vibe.”
This is just
today had felt like a true holiday – held apart from his regular life, like a day outside time.
“Plus, I think that integral sign is a sleigh, so—” Tony shifted from one foot to the other, and cast about desperately for some way to change the subject. “Hey, what did you come down here for, anyway?”
too existential for 3am when one of us is already naked…Steve. You
Tony grinned dangerously at a group of fourth-year Hufflepuffs who were leaning across the aisle so dramatically that they were practically falling off the bench. They turned back around looking alarmed and a little unsettled, and Tony realized belatedly that Steve Rogers would never have made a face like that.
Yes, he might
,” Steve insisted loudly, and Tony faltered. He blinked several times in rapid succession and clearly forgot whatever vaguely condescending thing he’d been about to yell at Steve. “I mean,” Steve rushed to clarify, “I don’t want to give up on the spell. Because I’m, uh, invested now. You know, in the process of discovery.”
couldn’t I have split my consciousness again!”
“No, it is you I have come to help. I have been researching the Christmas traditions of Earth – as you know, Asgardian Yule celebrations are very different. We all get very drunk, and my father sets wreaths on fire, and I ride a goat through the streets. It is a very poignant ceremony.”
“I never asked you to be in!”
“Did Pepper tell you the story yet?” Sam interjects, and Steve shoots him a look of deep betrayal. Sam just grins back.
So Wilson has been trying to limit Rogers’ propensity to dive into danger.
, Steve had forgotten about the concept of beds.
“Superhero, super genius,
he mouths silently to himself. His chair swivels again, this time powered purely by the force of his irritation with Steve Rogers. Tony has just
?” Tony would have been offended by Pepper’s inclusion of this last one, if not for the fact that Steve is asked a version of that question three times before they even make it to the bar.
SHIELD.”
Tony found himself almost looking forward to the idea; anything was better than continuing to vivisect this LED snowman.
And Tony knows perfectly well that Cap isn’t any sort of threat. The very idea is
“Is this part of the plan?” Steve asks, even as he lets himself be towed.
himself was maybe one of the more disorienting sights he’d ever woken up to. Disorienting enough that Tony decided to shut his eyes and try this whole “waking up” thing again. But when he did, the scene was still the same. Snow was still seeping into his back from the cold ground of the Forbidden Forest, moonlight was still bathing the pine trees in silvery shadows, and his own face was still peering down anxiously at him.
“Hey, the Foundation gala has been on the books for months. Maybe you should’ve had your wizard check your Google Calendar before he decided
Suddenly, like a switch has flipped, Steve feels himself going from pleasant-and-floaty drunk to alone-in-an-alley drunk.
“Right,” Tony finally says, somewhere between hurt and disbelieving. “You said, in the letter. You didn’t want me to be
“Thanks so much for that vote of confidence, Potts,” is what he says instead. “Now if you’ll excuse us, we have some very urgent spell-breaking to get back to. Especially now that we’re on a time limit.”
“I didn’t kiss you back,” Tony rushes to say, like it’s something he’s been holding onto for a while, and Steve’s brain promptly spirals into pure panic, because
“We’re not running a
century invented gay bars? You sweet summer child.”
Steve really should have known her name by now. Ellen’s Hufflepuff girlfriend. He’d been trying to memorize students ever since he became Head Boy, and every time he thought he knew everyone, he’d be caught out by another new face.
“The Polyjuice Spell. Everything in my research…by all rights it
“Well it
of the potential mayhem we could cause...”
Tony right there, and he’s not proud of the little moan he makes as he deepens the kiss. And now that he’s started it, Steve seems more than happy to let Tony take control of the rest, letting Tony press him into the set of shelves at his back (sending a stack of bar soap clattering across the floor), their bodies fitting together exactly the way Tony had been craving earlier during their dance. And it’s all so utterly addicting that Tony has to pull away and take a breath before he literally dies from it.
and you called
He tries again. “Tell them we were holding hands in the performance of our superhero-ly duties. It was necessary for the fight against evil.”
Steve was shocked to find that lessons were, in many ways, the easy part. The professors didn’t bother calling on him. They also seemed utterly unfazed that he’d forgotten Stark’s schedule and appeared twenty minutes into a class period. On the rare occasions when he
Rogers pulls on Tony’s hand once, falters, and then stares down at their still-clasped hands.
– than in the four-ish years they’ve known each other, put together. Tony wonders if, like the darkness of the bedroom, the fact that they can’t see each other through the shower curtain makes it easier to talk. Like Steve can pretend on some level that Tony isn’t really here.
“Well what
Eighteen minutes later, Iron Man swoops out of the air to alight on the verge next to Steve’s motorcycle, and…ok, Tony was right. Steve
“Go back to sleep, Stark,” Rogers sighs.
“It was the kids who missed you most. They’ve been completely out of control without you around to lay down the law.”
Natasha, it was probably safer to just not allude to The Dumpster Incident out loud at all.
SHIELD,” Steve corrects, rolling his eyes as he starts to sketch clean lines and metal joints.
wouldn’t. Uh.” Oh great, and now he couldn’t make himself look at Tony at all. Maybe neither of them would ever look at each other again, and they’d just spend their entire last term of Hogwarts pretending the other was invisible.
A perfect student, never a crease in his school tie (and God forbid that he ever
Tony goes a bit pink and busies himself with a complicated-looking diagram on his tablet.
stupid. It’s that you think
, Steve thinks sourly), because his mouth twitches, like he’s drawing on a lifetime of considerable media training just to keep up the appearance of a straight face.
There’s a beat of silence as Steve grins and Tony works through the pun, before Tony groans, nipping at Steve’s bottom lip in reproach.
The night before, Tony has asked Rogers to point him in the direction of Gryffindor Tower and give him the password, before Bruce had accompanied Rogers back to Ravenclaw. But this morning, he’d woken up late enough that the other boys in his dormitory had already gone down to breakfast, and somehow, despite living in this sodding castle for
not me,” Strange insists. “And second of all, you’re completely mischaracterizing the—"
That’s how Clint found him several hours later: mostly dry but still a bit foamy, explaining to JARVIS very seriously why “motorcycle” should go in the “20
against the rules. They had tried a trust fall, learned very quickly that trust falling becomes
“When did I stop being your first call?
to get into trouble for. Or like feeding a baby too many sweets when you
“Is that why the wreaths are such weird shapes?”
comes into his workshop without permission, he’s going to order JARVIS to lay waste to the whole miserable building.
“Can I help?” Rogers repeats. “The chair thing seemed to work pretty well…”
“I’ve spent a lot of time in here during these kinds of events,” Tony explains to distract himself from the feeling of Steve’s chest radiating heat against his own.
of whipped cream--” Tony cuts himself off as abruptly as he started talking, and somehow manages to glance at Steve sidelong while being only an inch away from his nose. He opens his mouth, hesitates, and then says: “I mean. Unless you were committed to the full fugitive-from-justice experience?”
The spike of pain is unexpected, as is the sudden vision of Bucky, falling, slipping just out of reach.
“Okay. In what way doesn’t it sound stupid?” Tony asks, like he genuinely wants to know. Steve forces his eyes open and his shoulders squared. He’s
it would reveal that it was signed by Tony Stark’s own hand.”
Steve doesn’t quite stick the landing – he kind of bounces against the corner of Tony’s mouth before finally getting it right, but Tony’s lips are soft against Steve’s, and already parted slightly, in surprise or possibly a warning. Steve makes a pleased hum and presses closer against the warmth of Tony’s body, while Tony exhales a gust of breath that could almost be a laugh before gently pushing Steve away by the shoulders.
McGonagall shooed them all off to bed, and Steve didn’t try to catch Tony’s attention as they left. He felt too awkward about talking to Tony under the headmistress’ watchful eye. He reckoned they could at least walk together, until they reached the split in the corridor that led off to Gryffindor and Ravenclaw Towers, respectively. Steve opened his mouth to suggest it, but Tony had already disappeared.
to do is sit here quietly and review R&D’s newest alternative energy project proposal.
He pulls back, breathing heavily, to find that Tony’s hair looks even more disastrous than it had when he landed, his face is flooded with color and most importantly, that sense of barely contained energy is thrumming through him once more. Steve hadn’t seen it in so long – longer even than the time they’d spent apart.
“It’s not a big deal,” Steve continues. “And it’s not gonna be a
over the whole table before a jet of water shot from Tony’s wand, bounced off the charm, and hit Tony straight in the face.
“I had 70 years of pop culture to catch up on, I had no friends, and that movie is on cable a lot. So yes, Tony, I have seen
And then Tony realizes with a jolt of self-consciousness that he’s basically greeted Rogers coming out to them (approximately) with dead silence, and rushes to respond in
, Tony thinks.
“Well. Good,” Tony retorted, slightly annoyed that he’d been forced to experience so many feelings for no reason, and all before 9am.
hate it. I don’t think you’ve relaxed since it happened yesterday. Your hand keeps tensing up, did you know that? And it’s not just the armor that you don’t want touched – you jump or flinch practically any time I touch
“--An Avenger: first, foremost, forever. Of course I remember.”
The entire performance takes a half hour, start-to-finish.
“I have zero questions about any of this,” Clint said, scratching one of Dummy’s struts affectionately.
“It’s a perfectly ordinary, comfortable couch. And if I have to sit on it for one more minute, I am absolutely going to tear it apart.”
“Merlin, Stark, I may not be a genius like you but I’m not
Rogers flushed again and bit his lip, and Tony resisted the urge to tell him to stop
,” Tony scoffs. “Just…don’t go anywhere. I’m picking you up.”
“Um, no?” Tony had replied. “I know I was a little distracted at the time, but I do think if the WSC had literally
century advice.”
it, the sounds fit better in Tony’s mouth than anywhere else. Even now, when they also sound so worn and ragged. “Listen, I’m going to get you home and into bed, and then
He waits for Rogers to get into another snit about Tony disrupting his space, but instead, Rogers just nods curiously at the supplies Tony’s managed to collect: “How are you going to do that one-handed?”
Steve still doesn’t remember the first time they kissed, but he can’t imagine it was better than this: the quiet, shocked noise Tony makes when Steve presses their lips together, and the way Steve can feel, even through the suit, the moment Tony’s whole body melts into the kiss. Tony’s hands come up to rest lightly against Steve’s waist and at the curve of his neck, and his mouth parts on a sigh. Steve deepens the kiss, and it must be enough to rouse Tony from his dazed stupor, because his hands tighten and he does something with his tongue that shouldn’t be
There’s a sound on the phone that might be a sigh or might be a laugh. Steve frowns.
Strange had suddenly looked very grave. Even his stupid cloak had made this oddly gentle gesture, like it thought Tony was on his deathbed.
“Tony--” he starts, but Tony waves at him with the hand that isn’t holding the whiskey.
Even so, he hadn’t expected to slip through the doors and be immediately confronted by two sets of tracks, filling fast with new snow but still clearly visible. They started at Steve’s own feet and led off in the direction of the Forbidden Forest.
“Are you
familiar with Rogers’ brand of uncompromising, no-excuses punishment. And Rogers had always made it perfectly clear that he thought Tony was not only arrogant and destructive (which, to be fair, he
“Merlin, I’ve split my consciousness again,” Tony mumbled, and struggled his way into a sitting position.
“Sorry, were you in the middle of something?”
There was a loud bang and a flash of golden light. It illuminated everything in the clearing, including their three, identical, comically shocked faces, before everything went dark.
“Oh great, you’ve interrupted my lunch for
“Oh!” Tony snapped his fingers. “I remember now. ‘The Avengers Initiative’ – that’s the name Fury gave his weird little side-project, right? Yeah, that got scrapped right away.”
, to be clear, but with a certain doomed gusto that Steve couldn’t help but admire. As Steve was agreeing to help cover up their magical accident, he told himself it was because of Stark’s truly,
He collapses a little wheezily against Steve’s chest, and it only takes a few more thrusts into the damp curve of Tony’s hip before Steve is coming as well, overwhelmed by the feeling of Tony’s skin, the familiar smell of his cologne, the timbre of Tony’s voice as he continues to giggle into Steve’s collarbone.
Once they’d gotten far enough away from the Great Hall to talk privately, Tony whirled around to face Steve, opened his mouth, shut it again, and then very unsubtly checked around them for quick exits. He was rocking a bit on the balls of his feet and was refusing to meet Steve’s eye. So, overall, he was doing a great job of instilling confidence that everything was totally fine.
” Tony echoes, his smile twisting into something sardonic, even as his steady gaze on Steve never wavers.
“You just—” Rogers closes his mouth and then heaves a sigh. “It’s getting late. Maybe we should try to get some sleep; come back to this in the morning.”
wants is to hand them an entire color-coded binder that she’d put together to help them minimize hand-related weirdness at this gala, “as a Plan B, in case
let his own face look like that, if he was still in charge of it.
Steve took a moment to close his eyes and listen to the sound of the wild Scottish wind.
“You have such a strange home life,” Bruce sighed, but his mouth was twitching at the corners and his face had lost its haunted look.
“Leaving aside the question of whether Barnes was actually himself, or whether his HYDRA conditioning turned him into another person entirely…which is definitely getting
“Why not.” Tony makes no effort to keep the exasperation out of his voice.
And that’s…not a bad point, Steve concedes, albeit grudgingly. He shades in a few more details of the Iron Man suit as he considers it. “I don’t have to work within the system, though. You don’t.”
“I mean it’s no
now,” she continues. “SI’s been getting requests for comments all day.”
,” Tony – who is absolutely, in no way, panicking about this – repeats. He yanks at his hand, but Rogers still has a tight hold on it.
“And what d’you mean “
Tony suspects that if anyone had needed to place a bet on the conditions of his and Rogers’ respective living spaces, they would have lost their money. Years of living with Rhodey – first at MIT and later, when Rhodey would spend his leave in Malibu – had forced Tony into military-neat habits. To everyone’s surprise (not least his own), he’d actually kept them up, even when Rhodey had finally gotten his own place. Tony suspects that his brain creates too much of its own chaos. He’s found that he can only really get things done when he can reach out for his wire strippers, or whatever, and can count on them to be sitting exactly where he expects.
“Steve, are you alright?” Pepper interjected suddenly, which was a
Steve feels a sudden rush of affection for Tony’s characteristic blend of cryptic transparency.
unfair that Tony is getting sassed about it by Stranger Danger over here.
Of course, Steve ignores Pepper’s meticulously written, polite non-answer in favor of saying flatly: “Well, I asked him out, and I was lucky enough that he said yes. Why, how do
easier to work on the gauntlet this way, even one-handed (one-and-a-half-handed? Three hands out of four? How are hands measured, anyway?). Just like with the rolling chair, which Tony had used to move both himself and Steve wherever he liked, something tension in his body eases at being able to see his hand resting in Steve’s on the desk between them. He can trace the path from Steve’s hand, to his arm, to his shoulder, to his face – a constant reminder that it’s
“Learning: what a thrill,” Tony said, before winking at Steve and interlacing their hands under the table.
“Rogers—"
“Pepper, you are, as always, a paragon of restraint and good judgment. Is there some
And so it went, until there were no gifts left under the tree, and Tony was practically vibrating with tension. He was so busy worrying about how disappointed Steve would be – or
“If you’re quite finished fan-casting yourselves, can we please get back to how we’re going to manage the massive PR clusterfuck you handed over to me so that you could enjoy your fun little stay-cation here?” Pepper asks.
Steve nods sleepily. “Also tequila. Lotsa tequila. People kept buying me shots.”
Not in a
“Oh.” Steve gives him a quick, darting glance as his cheeks flush. “Thanks. And, um. You too. Of course. You always do.”
“Whatever, Tin Man, you love it. But okay, so you know how Thor is always telling stories about the glorious battles of the whatsits and the…y’know…stuff,” Clint made a gesture that might have been a swinging hammer or might have been something obscene, and honestly Tony couldn’t rule out either one. “Back when he was in Asgard full-time? He’s always telling Steve his team workout regimen is “a pleasant diversion” which I think is Thor-speak for “it sucks.””
“But it’s
Bruce’s red, ice-dappled face popped up from the snow bank.
been expecting the odd, almost breathy way Tony says his name.
to take advantage of this curse, and he
, now Tony
“This doesn’t seem like a
Tony’d had several run-ins with Rogers over the years, and was
Thor and Tony both cheered loudly, and turned to each other with reckless grins. Tony opened his mouth to suggest some other decorations they could creatively destroy, which of course was the exact moment that the entire Tower plunged into darkness.
. “Thought you might like some company. These patrols can get pretty boring. But I can leave you alone if you—”
“I was coming back!”
“Look, I actually have some work I need to get done, so…”
“Claustrophobic,” Rogers repeats. “Tony, you fly around in a metal suit that fully encases your body.” He adds this hesitantly, like he genuinely thinks he might be breaking this news to Tony.
let go. Plus, you’d probably do okay in the Atlantic, so…”
“Wrong superhero, not fictional,” Steve grouses.
And so now they stand in front of the brownstone, still holding hands, and squabbling over whether Strange’s wards might be set to incinerate anyone who tries to ring the doorbell.
And suddenly, the invocation of his name summoning him like Voldemort or something, the closet door is flung open to reveal Stephen Strange himself, standing in the hallway of this Manhattan hotel.
“You—“
his absurdly skin-tight uniform, blue eyes alert and interested, stupid blond hair swept across his forehead -- distracting on some level. Instead, this is the kind of arousal that feels a lot less like pleasure and a lot more like panic.
Steve said “
Tony raises his and Rogers’ hands. “Any chance you can lift it?”
Natasha turned to face him, presumably so she could make sure he saw her smug expression, even as she continued to back out of the kitchen. “Oh, I definitely know.”
Now, hours later, Tony was flipping through a tome larger than his head as he scratched idly at the back of his neck with his wand. Without looking up from his own reading, Steve gently reached over to lower it before Tony could set his own hair on fire. This had already happened once before, although Tony had paid it as little notice then as he did now. He also had a tendency to conjure glittery bubbles from the tip of his wand when he was thinking particularly hard. Steve had been surreptitiously popping them all afternoon before Pince could spot them floating above the wall of books.
“Yeah, of course. And I know you’re headed to MIT tomorrow morning for that scholarship thing, but I’ll…talk to you when you get back?” Steve doesn’t know whether it’s Tony’s shiftiness – is a flux capacitor even a
), but a liar to boot. Which happened to be one of the few things that Tony actually
had seen.
Tony smirked. “Follow me.”
“But that was in 2012.”
“It’s not panicking if you have a spreadsheet,” Tony insisted.
He wasn’t
“Everything you said in your bullshit letter—”
On his last birthday, he’d jumped out of a fifty-first floor window just to avoid a surprise party, which sounds worse than it was,
“The Internet thinks you’re
in his body.
“Oh my God,” Tony breaths. “He
in Tony’s old SHIELD files, well…you’d think Rogers would know better than to trust the conclusions of people who turned out to be literal Nazis, but what does Tony know.
no other choice. Somehow, being
Natasha and Clint were now sitting in the large armchair that they tended to share, passing spiked hot chocolate back and forth (how they’d managed to both make hot chocolate and also find the right bottle of alcohol in the dark was a mystery better left unsolved). Bruce was cross-legged on the floor, inspecting one of his gifts as though he could divine its contents; Thor was sprawled along the sofa, adorning Mjölnir with mistletoe (which seems to just be
“Captain America,” he concludes with an approving little nod, before heading out of the apartment once more.
ever blushed that obviously when it was
Tony stares at his tablet. The math swims before his eyes. A language that he’s spoken intuitively almost since birth has suddenly become incomprehensible. It’s a simple correction – he
In fact, at the precise moment that Tony Stark was dragging Bruce Banner out of Ravenclaw Tower, Steve was running an exasperated hand through his hair and reminding a pair of sixth-years – who had been inhabiting a shadowy corner with
you. He wants to have your perfectly proportioned, well-dressed
He can count on one hand the number of people who have seen these scars, even though they’re not – shouldn’t be – a big deal. But
embarrassing, but Tony seems to get it anyway, if the way his grin widens and he clambers back into bed is any indication. He nudges aggressively until Steve consents to put an arm around his shoulders, which makes the sandwich-eating quite fraught, but Steve can’t find it in himself to mind.
“He wasn’t a stranger, he was – oh!” Tony makes to sit up, forgets he’s still attached to Rogers, and goes down again hard, but he barely even registers the pain because he’s finally realized what they can try next. “Stephen Strange!”
“Hmm,” said Clint, glancing between the two of them before filching a bean from Natasha. “Gross,” he added feelingly, and Steve could only assume that he was talking about the jellybean.
“Hm.” Their professor gave them both a hard stare, and then seemed to decide that the argument wasn’t worth continuing to interrupt class over. “Mr Rogers is correct…”
Tony pulls away from the kiss with a gasp. Steve makes a small, discontented noise and goes to chase him, and while Tony would like nothing better than to be caught again, he pushes gently against Steve’s chest with his (left!) hand.
“There’s a conditional worked into it. I don’t think it would have activated if just anyone had touched you, Stark.” He gives Rogers and Tony a speculative look. “I think the spell would have waited to activate, if and
“Thanks for the tip,” he said instead, and then another thought emerged from his sleep-deprived fog: “Hey—how’d you know it was Clint and Bruce that I still needed gifts for?”
But even if it’s undeserved, Tony can’t look away from the affection he imagines he can see in Steve’s expression.
Tony rolls over and flops into the heart of his pillow-hoard. Steve blinks dazedly up at the ceiling of their bedroom, and assumes that Tony is doing much the same, spread out next to him.
,” Steve corrected, cautiously optimistic now. “There’s Dummy’s hat, for one, and—”
I should’ve come to you first about,” Steve interjects wryly, but Tony’s clearly not finished.
Tony and Rogers hadn’t always disliked each other. In fact, when Rogers had first appeared without a word after Christmas of their fourth year, with an American accent and an air of tragic mystery about him that had driven every other Hogwarts student wild with a combination of curiosity and lust, Tony had been deep into his ill-fated duplication experiment and had barely noticed he’d arrived at all.
“The arrogance of youth,” McGonagall retorted, but her anger seemed to dissipate slightly at whatever she saw on Tony’s face. Steve found that he couldn’t read Tony’s expressions half as well, now they were back on his own face. That thought made him feel rather lonely and miserable, and then annoyed with himself for feeling either. It wasn’t as though it had been sustainable for them to just…stay that way, no matter what Clint might’ve claimed.
. Rogers can’t be asleep; he must be holding himself deliberately still. Now that Tony’s thinking about it, he can indeed feel the tension in Rogers’ hand.
Later, Tony would learn about Hagrid’s instant and unwavering affection for half-feral creatures.
Even in all the confusion and excitement of that first night, when their scheme to impersonate each other had seemed like a simple trick, Steve had been
“And I did call you,” Steve picks up the thread of story slowly, reluctantly. “And I said—Oh
“Er, you know I did. You were helping me with it last night. You said you’d finished yours over the weekend…” Rhodey said slowly, and Tony tried to hide his wince of panic. Of
Plus, it had turned out there was a robbery going down in Hell’s Kitchen that could use a personal, superheroic touch, and so everything had ultimately turned out fine.
“You can say ‘werewolf,’” he said tiredly. “Everyone else does.”
“Well, if you can’t sleep, and I can’t sleep, then maybe we should both not-sleep together.”
Tony wonders if this is the same face that Steve makes when he paints. He wonders if it’s the art training that makes Steve so good at this. He wonders if he’ll ever have a chance to figure it out, once they break the spell they’re under.
“I can’t go. Or, rather,
Tony, meanwhile, had stuffed his whole hand into his mouth to avoid doing something
“You teachin’ Pepper bad habits?” Steve’s voice drawls sleepily from somewhere above Tony’s head. Steve apparently becomes about 50% more “Brooklyn” in the mornings, which is a truly adorable detail that Tony will need to purge ruthlessly from his brain once this whole thing is over and they have to go back to their real, separate lives.
this, Tony!”
Naturally, they argue several more times on the way to Strange’s place, starting with whether they should allow Happy to drive them. Tony wins that one, after he makes the point that it’s not safe to drive with only one hand, but Rogers is annoyed enough about it to start a side-argument about the fastest way from Stark Tower to the Village, which nearly incites Happy to commit homicide.
It goes terribly. As Tony knew it would. And it’s got absolutely nothing to do with Rogers. Which Tony also knew.
Instead of saying any of that, though, Tony agrees to take a break.
. What he thinks Tony might be trying to say.
“So do you still need me for this conversation, or…“ Tony had finally said loudly. “I
.” His brain blares at him to keep the inner-workings of his armor hidden from this intruder into his space. The awareness that Rogers is
Tony must be immune to virtuous patriotism (
He was standing in the center of the room, contemplating the air vents, when Bruce found him.
“Dunno Cap, we got several of New York’s finest over there who beg to differ.”
“I’m a Stark, Bruce. We don’t say anything directly – I’ve gone a full year speaking with my mother in nothing but euphemisms. She once saw my Ravenclaw tie and said, ‘what a curious dark green color.’ After seven years, I still couldn’t swear that she
“Are you looking for…” Tony searched his memory for the classes he and Odinson shared. “…Charms help?” he finally tried.
“I—” Tony starts, and Steve
“Well aren’t you just the consummate host,” Tony says, mostly to see how Rogers will react. His hypothesis is confirmed: Rogers’ hand relaxes minutely, and he gives Tony the same charming smile that graces the USO posters lining Howard’s old study.
Rogers chuckles. “Technically it’ll only be ‘fake fuck.’”
Tony watches Steve take a few slow breaths, and feels the muscles in Steve’s hand relax deliberately. He’s still barely moving – has barely made a sound. If Tony wasn’t touching him, and wasn’t such a light sleeper himself, he may never have woken up at all. It would be impressive, that Steve’s tremendous self-control extends even into his nightmares, if it wasn’t so disturbing.
. Screw the rest. We could’ve handled it, the two of us, we could’ve—”
“Yes sir, I believe I have correctly decoded your subtle nuances.”
Right. Tony had never totally figured out how Sam Wilson had gotten tangled up with Rogers during the whole HYDRA debacle, but he’s kept enough of an eye on SHIELD over the years to know that Wilson had been aggressively recruited by SHIELD soon after. As far as Tony can tell, Fury trusts him now almost as much as he does Maria Hill.
still somewhere over New Jersey,
Strange had laughed a little hysterically, and Tony had found himself growing concerned about the man despite himself.
“OK,” Bruce said, making a clear and visible decision to Drop It. “Well, I was wondering if you could help me with something? I noticed Nat having some trouble with the tensile strength of her grappling hooks on the last few missions, and I figured I could use the compound from the Hulk pants to design her a new set for Christmas, but I’ve been running into some problems…”
“Something Asgardian. Maybe wasn’t only alcohol,” Steve says. He manages to fold himself into the backseat, but he’s finding it harder than usual to stay upright. So the next time the car turns and Steve lists, he lets himself tilt all the way onto Tony’s shoulder. It’s very solid – and everything else has gone a bit wobbly – so it only seems prudent to stay there and snuggle in. Tony goes very still beneath him, but Steve just makes a disgruntled noise and burrows more aggressively.
And indeed, Massimiliano returns several hours later with a perfectly fitted black tux for Tony, the left sleeve of which he hand-stitches around Tony’s arm. Then he pulls out a
“Arrows with a gravity field?” Tony mumbled. “Why would he—oh, I see. Yeah, this is doable. This is very doable. Why didn’t Clint just ask me himself?”
.” Steve slithers down Tony's body to start on his belt, which he slides off as obnoxiously slowly as he thinks he can get away with. Tony’s narrowed eyes suggest imminent retaliation.
“Are you OK?”
“Ugh,
Time goes a little funny after that, because it feels like when Steve next looks up, it’s to see an SUV parked in front of him and Happy rolling down the driver’s side window.
Tony didn’t know how to confess to Steve and Bruce that their little cabal had just grown to nearly double its original size, so naturally, he decided to put it off indefinitely. Instead, he spent the evening ensconced in Gryffindor Tower with another book about Metamorphmagus magic. He was convinced the answer
Tony could say to change Rogers mind – been there tried that – he had to do
“R-!“ Tony began, startled, before having the sense to shut up. Once he could trust himself to say something sensible, he cautiously tried: “Hello” before shoving several pieces of toast into his mouth at once. He hadn’t even had a chance to butter them, but clearly speed was of the essence here.
“Right.”
, and the fact that Pepper had just shown up without sending Tony multiple warning texts – Tony thinks he can be forgiven for needing a few seconds to process.
“We could always rip the seams in the right sleeve,” Tony suggests. “I know your suit is reinforced, but there’s gotta be something in my bag of tricks that’s capable of cutting through it.”
The last half of Christmas vacation was not nearly so fun as the first half. Thor, of course, was a newly friendly presence in Gryffindor Tower. He could always be relied upon to challenge Steve to a game of Exploding Snap or suggest that they go outside to throw snowballs. And Clint and Natasha still sat with him at mealtimes – which Steve
“Believe me, Stark, I never have any idea what you mean,” Strange had said dryly. “But this is uniquely bad, even for you.”
“Are you
“Okay, out with it,” Tony sighs, and definitely does
This may not have been the
like that’s what he’s doing. He cracks his elbow against a shelf of towels, and is forced to give up.
“Stark?” Just like the night before, Rogers’ voice cuts through the increasing volume of his thoughts, but this time, there’s an uncharacteristic hesitance to Rogers’ pronunciation of his name, a slight softening of the usually abrupt consonants. “Are you okay?”
about the sound. “For one thing, that would be remarkably hypocritical, and I guess you’ve never Googled me, which is…probably a very good thing, actually, keep up the good work on that one. It’s just – Steve, you were picking someone up at a
surprising was how instantly and wholeheartedly Stark had lied to protect Banner. Not
“Right,” Steve blurts out, before he can reign in the impulse. “Just because you can
“What am I supposed to—” Strange turned frantically to ask his cloak. “I don’t have the time to—oh! Yes, that might actually work!”
strange to see Tony’s own face looking back at him without a mirror, and even stranger to see it being so
“Right,” Bruce agreed with a shudder. “Anyway, you’re not too busy?”
thing he’s done since he came out of the ice. Even in the SHIELD cabin -- where he’d been sent immediately upon waking in some misguided attempt to enforce tranquility -- Steve had committed himself to accomplishing small tasks of acculturation. He’d watched television, examined the laptop they’d given him, done more push-ups than was perhaps sane, and taken endless walks around the cabin’s perimeter. He hadn’t meant it as repression, but he supposes in retrospect, that’s what it had been. The dogged forward-march of a soldier. Anything to avoid the feeling – both the certainty and the terror – that this is what the rest of his life had become.
“Well, since
The rest of the gala attendees fall away, until it’s just the two of them in their pocket universe once again, moving in elegant arcs around the floor until Tony is dizzy with it. He feels consumed by the light touch of Steve’s hands, by how effortlessly Steve follows Tony’s guidance with just a hint of pressure against his back, and by how easily Tony can predict Steve’s movements, just from feeling the muscles of his back shift under Tony’s hand.
“The Winter Soldier.”
It’s not Iron Man who shows up this time, thankfully. Instead it’s Tony Stark™ - in a perfectly tailored suit and a heart-stopping smile – whose limo pulls up to idle near the curb.
The moment Tony steps in the door, it’s like the whole place just
” He spoke with an odd cadence, as though he’d learnt English from books rather than by ear. Tony tried to remember if he’d ever spoken to Odinson for long enough to have noticed it before.
have wings over the world in the future: yours.”
“You’re calling about Bucky?” Steve can’t shake the feeling that he’s playing catch-up on this whole conversation.
Well.
“You’re, um, kinda vibrating,” Rogers says.
, so then there’s just me, like an
“So, quick question, did that warehouse just
, the silence was better).
“There is no need,” Odinson said, and Tony wondered how Odinson managed to make that assertion sound tranquil rather than arrogant. “It is I who I believe can help
Fourth: Steve Rogers – Head Boy and general bane of Tony’s rule-breaking existence – said, “What are you two doing out here?” as he marched toward Tony…
The moment her attention had turned back to the lecture, Tony ducked closer to Steve and whispered: “I was the one giving
Steve stumbles over his own feet.
“Alright,” Steve made a great show of sighing. “What’s your condition?”
“It wasn’t a priority, okay? I’d lived in Malibu for years. The New York headquarters of Stark Industries was a fun dream that literally
Tony exhaled, and suddenly several things were happening in rapid succession.
Tony has long suspected that his tailor is an ageless being who sustains his life purely on the energy unleashed by a well-folded pocket square. Also, Tony has never heard him speak more than a single word at a time, and therefore, he explains to Pepper, who would Massimiliano even
But preferences are irrelevant in the face of reality, and Tony’s
“Maybe if
Before that, Strange had subjected Tony to an increasingly frantic interrogation, starting with “
“Tony,” Steve repeated, frowning down at the cup of tea that Tony had inadvertently fixed for him while he’d been rambling. “That’s not exactly the point I was trying to make.”
“Oh God,
“Why are you even
“That sounds about right.”
. Sometimes Steve just wanted to be a seventeen-year-old who was tired of haunting these cold, dark corridors.
Steve had spent a full week doing nothing but losing to Thor at Exploding Snap and thinking about why Tony was avoiding him. He decided there was nothing for it but to run through the whole list.
God, Tony can’t believe that earlier he was almost feeling
“Have you?” Steve asks stiffly, fixing his gaze on the closet door behind Tony’s shoulder. It takes Tony a few seconds to figure out why Steve sounds so judgmental all of a sudden.
experimental is your memory-altering tech?”
“Well, maybe your goal isn’t murder. But you could still be swapping places for the holidays – it
,” is all Tony can think to say.
“It’s been five minutes, your Warming Charm can’t have worn off yet.”
“This is the correct brand of spirit?”
you?” Tony finally says.
no. Take me home.”
“If you don’t like it…” Tony said, before taking a sip of his own tea. He nearly spit it out when he realized he’d somehow managed to pour pumpkin juice into it instead of milk. He Vanished the tea with an absent wave of his wand, instantly forgot he’d done so, and tried to drink from the empty cup before frowning down at it in confusion. All while looking anywhere but at Steve’s face.
“It’s the farthest thing from fine! This whole time, you’ve thought that I wanted to forget about kissing you? That – that – I wanted to keep it a
But when Bruce asked Rogers if he was
Rogers listens for a moment longer, and then says “thanks, Sam
They do not get along.
“Tony, if you want to pose a question to another member of the Society, you need to request the floor first,” Steve interjected.
” Tony says at last. And Steve can’t help a visible flinch, because Tony is calling him by his
kind of personal!” And to Tony’s endless delight, Rogers goes bright red and stares intently at something on the ceiling. “Does SHIELD know Strange’s address, or not?”
“Stick with me, kid. You’ll be fine,” Steve murmurs into his ear, and Tony can’t help the bark of genuine laughter he lets out at that. Steve’s lips twitch and one of his eyebrows lifts minutely, an expression too small for anyone else to catch – a smile that’s only meant for Tony.
Seven minutes later, Steve walked into the workshop.
,” Sam concludes with a flourish, “is how Captain America got arrested. Hey, can we stop for pizza on the way home?”
“Um,” Steve said helplessly.
in the rules about that not being allowed…”
“How is any of this
“What about my bike?”
He catches Tony’s eyes, and the fragility he can see in them has Steve almost afraid to blink. “I’m sorry,” Steve says, and hopes Tony understands just how much he means it.
“That book,” Odinson continued, “is highly inaccurate. I do not believe the author spoke to any real Metaporphmagi at all. If he had, he would have known immediately that what he writes is impossible.”
“So. Do we have any new ideas?” Tony asked, instead of whatever procedural monologue Bruce had prepared. “
In his defense, it's hard to maintain enthusiasm for the interstate highway system from the side of the Ohio Turnpike, with a motorcycle that started hissing angrily at 70 mph and now sits beside him, releasing gentle clouds of smoke into the twilight air.
“Okay, can I just say—“
, was staring at the numbers on Tony’s screens like it was
“Why can’t I?”
“What you
“…So if Trevelyan had actually bothered to
Rogers shrugs; Tony finds the gesture only mildly infuriating.
, it was more like an impromptu field test than a retreat. Science.
Century Nostalgia” column rather than the “Avengers Gear” column.
“Really?” Damian’s tone manages to convey his polite skepticism that Steve is any such thing. And
“Awful,” he agreed. “Ravenclaw should definitely lose points for this.”
. Okay. Tony is really tempted to interject at this point with about
“Not exactly.” Tony started to explain the whole humiliating failure over again, and stopped abruptly when he actually registered the look on Steve’s face. He looked
“Please. Continue.”
He’s pretty surprised when Rogers just says, “Okay” and hands the tablet back.
Steve swallows and visibly steels himself for what he’s about to say next.
gesture to be making now, in the middle of the night, under Rogers’ blankets.
They move around each other awkwardly in Rogers’ small bathroom, jockeying for space at the sink.
been rather easy, but he’d only wanted to get it out of the way so he could finish his Polyjuice variant! Clearly a completely different situation! It’s not like he went around
It wasn’t that Tony was
“Whatever. They should be able to figure it out from my notes – I don’t need a demonstration to prove it. JARVIS, send the file over to R&D.”
“No, no, the workaround they’ve proposed to minimize energy discharge is inefficient; it’ll just drive up costs in the long run. Let me—” Tony is already pulling his soldering iron and one of the old energy cell prototypes out of Happy’s boxes. It seems like Happy had just swept everything on the surface of Tony’s desk into a crate, and since that’s exactly what Tony would have done, he can’t fault the instinct.
“Kinda seemed like you didn’t want me to stick around,” Steve finally manages to say, slowly, physically unable to talk more directly about Siberia than that.
“They were stealing from a bunch of tourists and kids, what else was I supposed to do! They'd never have gotten the money back otherwise.”
“I get the rest, I really do--” Tony’s voice sounds strange, vowels clipped like he’s trying to barrel through the words as efficiently as possible.
“Why would you – Alternate Universe You – do this?” Rogers asks instead, after shooting Tony a glance that almost looks
. Damn it.
“Tony, I need--” Steve gasps.
“You know you didn’t have to come all the way down here,” Steve says, even as he shuffles awkwardly into the car. “Pepper was very…persuasive on the phone. I don’t think they were really gonna make us post bail.”
An hour later, Steve and Sam exit the police station to find Tony slouched against the passenger door of one of his subtler limos, hands in his pockets and sunglasses on.
And lastly, wrapped neatly in newsprint from the Daily Prophet, there was a selection of Honeydukes chocolate, accompanied by a note in Steve’s now-familiar handwriting: “
But Tony shocks him with the dull way that he just says, “I understand why.”
“Tony.”
“I’m sorry,” Tony finally says, and Steve blinks. Wonders if it would be in bad taste to ask Tony to repeat that. “I should’ve come to you first with the Accords. And Wanda.”
The look of profound dread on Rogers’ face would be funny if Tony didn’t also feel like he’s about to vomit.
Hagrid had always been strangely indulgent of Tony – one of the few adults who was – ever since Tony had managed to break the charm on the boat transporting him across the Great Lake before his very first day at Hogwarts.
“Yeah? Well, stick with me, kid,” Tony murmurs back. At that, Steve’s forehead smooths out and his eyes go soft. He gives Tony a heart-stopping smile.
“Steve,” Rhodey said from across the table, giving him a polite but vague smile. Pepper glanced up briefly before returning to the orange she was splitting into neat sections.
“If it isn’t Jack Kerouac!” comes a voice that Steve had
“You’ve been double-checking my notes every step of the way, and anyway, you’re better at this kind of transfiguration. Bodies and living things. I’d probably mix up the spleen with the scapula, and get us both sent to Azkaban for misuse of human subjects.”
. He hadn’t even considered all the high-level embarrassing things that could’ve happened. Like telling Tony who he’d been trying to
?” Tony can’t help but blurt out. Rogers’ break-up with SHIELD several years ago – like so many of Tony’s own break-ups – had been both very messy and very public. Concrete details had been thin on the ground. Really, the only thing the press had been able to get their hands on, before SHIELD shut everything down again, was footage of several Helicarriers crashing into the Potomac. And that was mostly because there’s only so much even a shadowy quasi-government organization could do to suppress an entire city’s worth of cell phone footage.
. “You were really out of it. I don’t think you even knew what you were doing. I
. Honestly, out of a very long list, this might be Steve’s most terrifying superpower yet.
“Yes, Tony, I have seen that film,” Steve parrots. “And László Moholy-Nagy was a Hungarian artist. I was obsessed with him in art school – with the whole Bauhaus movement, actually.”
Rogers’ expression barely changes – except perhaps for a slight clenching of his jaw –but he practically crushes Tony’s hand in his, like he’d tried to ball his fists but had forgotten that Tony is still attached.
on him. “But if you’ll excuse us? Tony and I are old friends. I’m sure you’re used to running into those…” He smirks at Steve, and Steve’s hand spasms in Tony’s.
“Is he—?” Steve asks.
, and there was only so much toast he could eat.
“Sorta,” Tony says, trying not to look as uncomfortable with the direction of this discussion as he feels.
Steve wonders how much it hurt Tony to admit that he couldn’t figure something out.
“It’s a cloak, actually.”
At second, Tony registered that Steve’s normally impeccable posture collapsing into itself like a deflating soufflé, and Natasha’s comforting hand on one shoulder.
were the one who broke in!”
, at last – but without any fear or doubt, Tony crossed the three feet that separated him from Steve, and kissed him.
of all people.
“Oh! Well, in that case, you’d better come in.”
“Tony.”
“Barton, how do you feel about retrofitting some fire extinguishers?”
“Alright…” Steve starts, very slowly. “You came to pick me up, and clearly something happened between us. What was it?”
an expert at sleeping with people.
been looking forward to putting his newly freed hand to good use.
God, Tony really needs to get his shit together, here; his mind is rapidly spiraling out of his own control.
Steve slants him a wry look, to which Tony replies: “I confess, I liberated some SHIELD files. Is that what you want to hear?”
– or just a weird premonition, but he feels abruptly like they
When he pulls back for air, Tony’s panting a bit, eyes dark with lust, a rosy flush on his cheeks.
“Earlier,” Steve finally says, slightly muffled through the curtain, “you asked me why I left SHIELD. And the truth is that it was never really about SHIELD. Before the ice, I didn’t have that many people in my life, but the people who were there…I knew them backwards and forwards. I trusted them. We were a team; together ‘til the end of the line – sometimes whether I liked it or not.” Steve chuckles, clearly remembering a specific memory.
Steve caught a flash of Tony’s horror at having forgotten that Steve himself was American, before Tony instantly covered it up with another teasing grin.
coming out is a whole different kind of media circus! Not to mention Cap would have lie about it for basically the rest of his life. Just because someone somewhere took a photo of us holding hands? C’mon, Pepper,
crackles over his skin.
As it turned out, Tony might be terrible at giving and receiving gifts, feeling Steve’s disappointment, wreath-fabrication, telling the truth, giving up on puzzles, holding grudges, panicking, begging, waiting, emotional conversations, and real parties, but at some point when he’d been worrying about all of that, he’d also gotten very good at loving Steve. And luckily, that seemed to be exactly what Steve wanted for Christmas too.
,” he says sharply, and he’s standing and ripping open the shower curtain before he remembers that Steve is
“Good thing I didn’t ask you to.”
“It’s four in the morning,” he says.
“I take it there's an update on your ETA?” he asks, leaning back against the riot of pillows that Tony favors for sleeping, one hand holding his phone and the other resting behind his head.
“Why are you assuming it was my fault and not Sam’s?” Steve blurts out as Happy pulls away from the curb. The distraction works. Tony snorts and shakes his head at Sam, a commiserating “can you believe him?” gesture. Sam snickers in return, while Steve proceeds to regret all his life choices.
Tony opened his mouth.
, and suddenly Steve’s the one gasping and hanging onto Tony’s metal shoulders just to stay upright.
. With
Rogers doesn’t turn away from his consideration of the coffee maker. “You’re right. A machine? That boils water? Feels like witchcraft to me.”
“Tony,” Rogers says, with that stubborn clench to his jaw that tells Tony he’s not going to back down on this one. And
It’s to Tony’s credit that he only freezes for an instant, shocked by Steve’s lips pressing lightly and undemanding against his, before he manages to catch up to what’s happening and kiss Steve back. Steve’s breath catches when he feels Tony kiss him back – like maybe he hadn’t
” Tony moans, shuddering as he slides a hand through the short hairs at the base of Steve’s neck, the other clutching at one of his ever-present pillows. Steve lifts his head.
something. Like make coffee, or work on the spell.
“I was going to ask about its design – you
Rogers, ironically, proves to be very skilled at intricate engineering work. He listens carefully to what Tony asks him to do, and his movements as he carries out those instructions are deft and precise, no hesitation or tremor in his hand, even though, out loud, he’s self-deprecating about his own skills.
But Rogers barrels right over him.
Natasha locked eyes with Clint and then very deliberately threw back the rest of their shared cocoa. Clint threw up his hands.
” Tony makes a noise disturbingly reminiscent of a giggle before the phone goes dead.
“Clint knows how to steal books from the Restricted Section, but whatever, it’s not
knows Strange’s first name, unless it’s “Doctor,” which does seem like the kind of pretentious bullshit he’d pull.
,” is all Steve can manage in return, because he’s too busy reexamining everything from this new angle. Sure, it’s obvious
, and tell her about it.”
clues as to how to proceed; back to the unrealistically well-brewed potion in front of him.
“It’s fine!” Rogers says, looking horrified, like he’s worried that Tony’s gonna pull out a pair of scissors from some hidden pocket and just start cutting. “Like I said, I’ve slept in the uniform plenty of times.”
Strange leads them into his house (“
“Stark!” Rogers barks, scanning the workshop for threats. “What’s going on?”
Second: there was a rustling from just outside the clearing.
“Obviously,” Tony says quickly.
“Wait. What the fuck are the Avengers?”
idea of what to expect, but the last thing he remembers clearly is Happy with a car. Unwilling to leave their next conversation until an Avengers emergency -- because Tony really
“That’s actually…a good idea,” Rogers says, and Tony rolls his eyes.
perspective—“ Tony starts, but Rogers holds Tony back from wringing Strange’s obnoxiously chipper neck. Just add that to the running list of things that are harder to manage with one hand.
Rogers presses his lips together to suppress a smile, and Tony glares at him in lieu of any effective way to glare at JARVIS. Which was a design flaw. Tony sees that now.
Tony comes laughing.
building. I can fill it with as much rubble as I want.
“…Yes? If you still want to work on your gauntlet, we could pull my desk away from the wall. It’s a little narrower, so we can sit face-to-face and still be holding hands.”
“I didn’t just send a car, I sent- I came-
Grinning to himself, Steve followed Tony into the Great Hall. He wondered when Tony would notice the disappearance of his wand. He found himself rather looking forward to finding out.
, sounded bad once Rogers had
“Your lack of faith, it just breaks my heart, Rogers. I’ll be there in twenty minutes.” And he hangs up to Steve’s continued protests. Steve stares at the phone in his hand and tries to steel himself for the call to Hill.
But maybe he should have gone to Ilvermorny after all.
Nothing about this is remotely the same as being tied down in a cave, or being trapped inside your own body as it falls apart, but even so, Tony can’t get free, he’s –
Steve Rogers touches you. This suggests that I am right about my counterpart’s motivations, and that he specifically wants the
,“ Bruce added sharply, and Tony winced. Apparently Bruce was still annoyed about the “claim all responsibility” plan.
Steve’s offended. “I’m 97, not an
the World Security Council never sent a nuclear bomb to New York during the Chitauri Invasion?”
“Okay, well, if you’re sure,” Tony says slowly. He turns back to Pepper, already mentally working through the logistics. “We can’t appear in public, obviously, what with the supernatural leash we’re both on. We seem
“It’s fine,” Rogers says quickly.
The forest thickened around them, and soon Hogwarts slipped out of view around a bend in their path.
Tony finally gets his wild cackling under control long enough to gasp out: “OK, OK, I’m sorry. How much d’you need? Are you finally buying a place in Manhattan? Or is this more like a ‘being held for ransom’ situation?”
“Pepper, you’ll have to release one of those statements that talks about “privacy” a lot. You’ve gotta have one ready to go, after that whole Beijing debacle…”
“It’s okay! Bucky will understand. And the holiday will give us plenty of time to research without having to worry about lessons, or about other people catching on.”
“It was real festive to have all those candles lit for Christmas,” Steve said, regarding the singed goats with a tilted head. It was several hours later, after Tony had repaired enough of the Tower’s wiring to turn the lights back on – he’d thought the Tower’s systems were impervious to most attacks, and was trying to suppress the itchy desire to start working on new contingency plans – and all the Avengers were gathered in the TV room for the official Christmas celebration.
“Just so you know, I—” Rogers starts, in a strange, flat tone, but then doesn’t continue.
away,” Tony blurts out.
“Are you waiting for people to catch on?” Romanoff continued, sounding, at best, only vaguely curious about the highly shocking and highly illegal magical fraud that they’d been perpetrating for weeks. “Because I don’t think they will.”
“…Fine!”
about the hand-holding spell?
distracting. And not just because Tony always finds Rogers –
“What?”
deserved.”
one. It seems far more likely that Rogers had just sprung fully-formed onto this Earth as a paragon of morality.
appreciate—But I went about it all wrong. I know I did. So now I’m trying again. This Christmas, I got you—” Steve did the sweeping jazz hands motion again, but this time Tony thought he actually
Massimiliano proceeds to give Steve a single assessing stare that sweeps from his head to his toe. Then he turns around and walks out of Steve’s apartment.
“I call you ‘Steve’ sometimes.” Tony frowns. “I definitely have before.” He searches through his memory for an example, and realizes that maybe he actually
while you were on that mission in Panama, but you’ve never heard of
“Trust me,” Tony insists. “Nobody in the known universe is harder to impress than Massimiliano. You look amazing.”
, and Tony found that all he could say was: “Yeah, Steve, I got you math for Christmas.”
But whatever had happened in DC that day, it had been bad enough for Steve Rogers to cut ties with SHIELD almost immediately afterwards. And ever since then, journalists and bloggers alike have been desperate to know why.
Tony had finally caved last night and called Rhodey, who’d laughed at him for ten minutes and then hung up. The one thing he refuses to do is call Pepper, who would be just as helpful as Rhodey, but with the addition of a
, to get caught up in the – literal – blast. Tony Stark was like
The unofficial one had involved them trying to find their way to the common areas in the dark, which had resulted in several minor mishaps involving the now-bedraggled poinsettias, and a new sensory deprivation training regimen for Christmas, from Steve to all of them.
plan to just break the spell fell through.” To which Tony says: “wow, Pep, so much trust.” To which Pepper says: “Big words from a man who’s still holding Captain America’s hand.” To which Steve says: “So…does anyone want another cup of coffee?”
“Anyway, what’re you talking about?” Tony continues. His voice is light, but he still isn’t quite meeting Steve’s eyes. “You can
“No, you don’t understand. I must not have travelled back in time like I thought. I must have travelled to a completely different universe.”
“It’s not polite to teleport into someone’s house unannounced, you know,” Tony begins conversationally. “JARVIS?”
of that was anything that Tony would do.
“I’m afraid my scans are inconclusive, Sir.”
“Still not calling it BUTTS,” grumbled Tony.
It’s not…a terrible idea. Huh.
“I could--”
the whole planet (luckily, they hadn’t been too hard to destroy. Tony could’ve told Fury about the serious design flaws in those engine turbines, but thankfully for humanity, nobody had ever bothered to ask). Afterwards, SHIELD had battened down the hatches and tried to rebuild its tattered organization –
The sound of his first name slams into Tony like an ocean wave.
Because Tony had returned to the Tower an hour later, exhausted and triumphant and maybe –
“Is there—
“Don’t worry about it. It’s all part of his process,” Tony replies.
“It wasn’t your fault,” he says suddenly, breaking their companionable quiet. He hadn’t even known it was something he’d been thinking about, until it’s already out of his mouth. No way to go but forward. “What happened to Bucky, I mean. I read the hospital records in your SHIELD file. He was trying to kill you. He almost did.”
“I’m sorry. And to think, I just got you some rubbish from Hogsmeade…”
of parties – big, expensive, crowded – I just never got the hang of bullshitting my way through Christmas.”
occasion, surprising a snogging couple
Tony’s journey around the perimeter of the clearing had brought him right back to Bruce, who’d nearly dropped his wand in shock.
. They’re just as much a part of his hands as his skin and tendons. They’re not glorified
done.
He also has to stop himself from flinching every time Rogers touches any part of the gauntlet, a nervous tic he thinks he’s doing a great job of hiding until Rogers puts down his pliers with a tiny sigh.
Rogers fiddles one-handed with his phone for a few more seconds, and then finally manages to reach his super-secret SHIELD contact.
the Trophy Room, which had led to a cascade of falling shelves, bouncing metalware, and half-fastened robes that Steve still sometimes hears in his nightmares).
“What makes you think I even have the money?” Tony is saying on the phone, and Steve can’t help a snort.
“Clint helps, or I’m out.”
“O-kay,” Tony says. “In that case, I can set up on your dining room table. It looks big enough. We’ll just have to shift some of the stuff –“ Tony moves toward the aforementioned table, but he’s pulled up short when Rogers continues to just stand there. He’s staring at his table with an expression that, on anyone else, Tony would call trepidation.
“Relived, rather.” Stark grinned, and Steve frowned back at him.
In the spirit of scientific accuracy, he can admit in the privacy of his own lab that there are apparently three things he’s terrible at: giving gifts, receiving gifts, and enduring Steve Rogers’ disappointment.
(except perhaps for McGonagall herself) stepping through the wards and into the clearing.
should not have said that. But it was much harder to be a beacon of Hogwarts discipline when the person he was meant to be disciplining was approximately four months younger than him, and had shouted at him last week during Quidditch practice to stop sending the Quaffle into the ground or she’d aim the next one at his head. It was one thing to drag second-years out of the kitchens, and quite another thing to judge – well, maybe not a friend, but at least someone he
But Tony even turned
not looking any further than that.
“Ow!”
"I am
,” Strange groans.
It was the most fun he’d had at Hogwarts since he’d arrived.
“Y’know, our little chats would go a lot smoother if you’d stop attributing all my best ideas to brain injuries. I’m not talking about the Stephen Strange who gate-crashed our universe, I’m talking about the one who lives
, Pepper.”
Steve had to physically grab Tony by both arms to stop him pacing, but at least it finally managed to catch his attention.
“Never in a million years,” Tony retorts promptly. “Oh hell, you’re not being held for ransom, are you?”
“The Avengers Initiative had failed,” Rogers finally reminds Tony. “Even as broken as it is, SHIELD feels like the only viable option for protecting Earth. Just because
Rogers’ presence at Tony’s side, looking over his shoulder, proves to be
They do indeed drag the desk away from the wall, but not before Steve repeats his careful, almost ritualistic transference of everything on the desk to other places around the room. Tony almost asks him about it this time, but he remembers the way Steve hadn’t pushed
wasn’t the evil twin of the two, although how could anyone really be sure of something like that? Maybe there was a way to design a test to…
“It’s cute that she thinks the subsection is gonna make the difference there.”
, he says.”
way! And it’s not as though he’d
, but—”
And Tony knows for a
“Okay,” Rogers says. “Well, can I help?”
Bruce glared at the door-poinsettia he’d just toppled over, and Tony waited a few beats to see if a Code Green was imminent, but Bruce just scowled and tried to nudge the poinsettia closer to the wall.
“No, but I—
“Then tell me,
…” Tony waved his wand in a loose gesture of frustration with the idiocy of some dead Transfiguration theorist or another. Steve plucked the wand neatly from Tony’s hand and pocketed it before Tony accidentally decapitated any of the wood nymphs frolicking through a nearby painting.
Rogers gives him a funny look. “Ye-es, that
“No, Mr Banner,” McGonagall said finally, and the entire room seemed to breathe a sigh of relief. “Consider this your Christmas miracle,” she added wryly. “And a warning not to play with magic you don’t yet understand.”
Later, after they’d developed the compound for the grappling hooks (suck it, wreaths!), and then tested the compound for the grappling hooks by exploding it all over the lab and emerging triumphantly with two major scientific breakthroughs – first, that the compound formed a natural rope that could hold even the Hulk, and two, that the compound should definitely not be aerosolized – Bruce said, as he was resetting the Days Without a Decontamination Shower count back to zero: “You should really get credit for these, too, Tony. I couldn’t have done it without you. Do you have a Christmas gift for Natasha? We could always split the grappling hooks.”
The server’s frightened retreat does nothing to mask the pointed silence on the other end of the phone.
Rogers is not amused.
in human form. Chaos surrounded him like one of Professor Trelawney’s auras, an invisible force of destruction that even Stark himself seemed only half-conscious of. So honestly, Steve finds this whole situation significantly
The ensuing silence is long and terrible.
like this? Let alone fight?
, since he’s obviously said “Afghanistan” a million times since he got back, without any problem at all.
“He’s a wannabe Paracelsus who wouldn’t know a Philosopher’s Stone if someone chucked it at his head,” Tony corrected viciously, and Steve assumed this would have been a very cutting insult if he’d known what any of those things were. “Ooh, look Steve, it’s steak and kidney pie for dinner!”
fewer shadows than they seemed to think – “You both have
And now the buzz of panic has shifted into something sicker and infinitely more horrible.
, at least.”
“Well, the minute we closed the portal against the Chitauri, everyone just started squabbling again. So we decided it would be best for the continued safety of the planet if we all just…went our separate ways. And honestly? I think it’s kinda cute that Fury thought something like the Avengers Initiative ever stood a chance in hell of succeeding in the first place. I mean, put a bunch of superheroes, spies, and demigods together, and suddenly it’s like every one of us is named Yoko Ono, you know what I mean?”
“Gotta admit, that’s quite the novel interpretation of ‘truth, justice, and the American way.’”
And anyway, they have work to do.
He hits a speed dial number on his phone, and feels some combination of stupid and nauseated when it
The next morning – the day of the Maria Stark Foundation charity gala – Tony wakes up to find sun streaming through Steve’s bedroom windows, his head pillowed against the soft warmth of someone else’s bare shoulder, and JARVIS’ very amused announcement that Ms. Potts is at the door.
in this universe?”
“Everyone’s a critic,” Tony sighs, and ignores the warm swoop in his stomach when Steve starts laughing again.
Tony forgets about the SI blueprints entirely, captivated as he is by the movement of Rogers’ eyes across the page, the slightly awkward-looking angle of his knees, the flex of his toes in their plain white socks. It’s just so
“…Oh.” There’s an odd tone to it, and Steve wills himself to become about 10% more sober than he is currently, because that’s not…the best response he’s ever gotten to coming out.
to spend it with
,” Tony says quietly, helplessly, and squeezes his hand again. Steve chuckles wetly and scrubs his other hand over his eyes.
But given Tony’s awkward attempts to dismiss the subject now, Steve can only conclude that whatever happened was embarrassment of the highest level.
“Fucking wizards,” Tony repeats. It’s what he’d assumed would happen, but it’s still annoying as hell that anyone’s able to thwart JARVIS.
“’Change the plan.’ Oh my God. Pepper’s gonna kill us,” Tony laughs breathlessly. “She had the whole break-up binder already prepared.”
, Steve thinks, almost fondly. But Tony’s eager smile flickers, and he’s uncharacteristically awkward when he says: “Um, I mean, unless you’re committed to the full sea-to-shining-sea experience?”
Tony winced and shoveled a heaping forkful of scrambled eggs into his mouth.
“Your lab!” Strange stares at Tony like he’s been body-snatched. “Has there been an attack? Is everyone alright?”
Tony lets out a sharp bark of laughter. “Yeah, no. Never gonna happen, Rogers. Not in a million years.”
They never did learn how to brew a proper Wound Cleaning Potion.
to tell him any details) suddenly veer off to sit with Natasha, which gave Steve the opportunity to slide onto the lab bench next to Tony.
forthcoming about the risks of this magical experiment with Bruce, but if he had been, Bruce never would have agreed to come. And Tony was
“An endless wonder,” Steve agreed. He squeezed Tony’s hand in return.
“Trevelyan’s a wanker,” Steve agreed cheerfully.
way you could be persuaded to forget this?”
Strange, if possible, looks even more gleeful about admitting: “Unfortunately, no. Only the caster of the spell can safely remove it before its terms are fulfilled.”
? Seriously?”
makes Tony’s eyes fly open. The look he directs at Steve then is one of such unabashed delight – as though Steve is endlessly fascinating and Tony can’t wait to see what he does next – that Steve can’t help but hunch his shoulders and stare down at his hands in his lap. He has no idea what he’s done to deserve
“Fine! Open mine, then.” He gestured at a large object hulking in the corner behind the tree, which was very clearly a ballet barre shrouded in wrapping paper.
job of ignoring the fact that he was in the body of someone that he…alright, someone that he maybe
, there were probably more important things to worry about at the moment, aside from the fact that Tony’s best friend was apparently on a
“Um.”
Sometimes Tony did deserve it, and sometimes he really
“Mm, and the American way,” Steve agrees smugly. Tony’s eyes narrow even further.
, Jesus, it’s nothing, it didn’t work anyway. So…last night?”
to talk about anything, and decides to keep quiet.
, which is a sure sign that the next thirty seconds of his life are about to be truly unbearable
Steve’s hair is sticking up where he’d run his hand through it absently as they were working, and the lamp’s shadows are working to soft the angles of his face. And since he hadn’t shaved this morning, there’s also a hint of stubble on his cheeks, a darker shade than the blond of his hair. Tony’s never seen Steve anything but clean-shaven before. He wonders how many other people have, and how many of those people are still alive in 2016.
“When we met in New York the first time, it was like I was watching you all from behind a screen, or like I was still on the other side of that sheet of ice, somehow. Still waiting for something to break through it. I felt like more of an alien than Thor was. I kept hoping to feel a connection, or a sense of teamwork, but we just…none of us clicked. You know what I mean; you were there. And at first, I thought it was just a problem with Fury’s scheme – with the Avengers – so I went to SHIELD, and it felt like more of the same.
from us?” Tony groans at their hands. But Steve is openly laughing at him now, so Tony considers it worth it.
them so soon. Thought you’d take longer to give up on your little patriotic walkabout.”
He then proceeds with the most passive-aggressive strip tease he can manage. It basically consists of a lot of pointed t-shirt seam ripping, and Tony’s utter refusal to be a coward about his arc reactor scars.
, but to Steve, the trajectory of their fraying relationship had always seemed so clear: Tony pulling back since Ultron, Tony trusting Steve less and less, Tony acting like Steve’s judgment was flawed when it came to Bucky and the Accords,
was certainly an expression his own face knew how to make.
have a lot of experience. Even when he was having a lot of sex with strangers, friends, and acquaintances alike, he’d always hated sleeping in someone else’s bed. He has enough difficulty sleeping as it is. The thoughts spiraling through his brain – the ones he can never quite turn off, only slow down – often keep him awake late into the night.
“Pepper’s binder said you’d say that,” Steve mumbles dismally.
. And it’s
problem if you want to stay stuck in Steve’s body forever.”
like to be done with this part. The togetherness, gift-exchanging, sitting-still part.
“Oh no, not that one,” a deep voice interrupted him. It was coming from closer than Tony thought any voices should be. He glanced up to find another Gryffindor Seventh Year that he recognized vaguely – Thor Odinson – looming over him as he frowned down at Tony’s book.
