“Let the hospital decide what it is. I’ll call an ambulance. You just--”
“Just lightening the mood. You seem anxious.”
is the white stuff all over them?"
"Watson, this degree of care in my portrayal is hardly necessary, and though your concern is entirely without merit, feel free if you wish. I have already mentioned Maude Bellamy.”
This was getting easier. Almost fun now. Might as well lay it on thick. “Nice place, my hotel. You were right about the sheets. Not sure if they’re Egyptian cotton or not. Bet you’d be able to tell in a hot second, after that fiber experiment of yours. That is, if you wanted to check out my bed. Maybe not, if you think you wouldn’t find it all that interesting.” Seeing his eyes dart around while he ran it through whatever processing thing he did made me feel light enough to keep it up just a bit more. “Also bet you didn’t know that Sarabeth’s brings me pancakes every morning.”
The first time Holmes picked up the pen, as I quite vividly recall, the result had been "The Blanched Soldier", a thinly-veiled attempt at reminding me he would never abandon me, regardless of circumstance. The case seemed custom-made to produce guilt --with its narrative of a military man willing to move heaven and earth to reunite with the comrade he loved so dearly. It had been written at a time when we had
To be a bit less flippant and a lot more precise-- there is another John Watson in this hotel. I'm going to talk to him. Find out why he is here. Unless you think there is a reason not to?
were the one who kept calling me
"Seriously, John, I have no evidence this version of me has any clue how to manipulate timelines and is, in all likelihood, just looking to gather information... and you are making his job remarkably easy."
And affable. Had he ever really been that affable?
“Not necessarily,” replied Sherlock. “The sequence of events might remain the same.”
“The best way to act a part is to be it. Mrs. Hudson, you can come in now, they’ve got him. And I could really use a pitcher of your switchel, if you don’t mind.” He turned toward the Lieutenant. “And I’d handle those goggles rather carefully when you place them in the evidence bag. Maybe use the chopsticks next to the kitchen sink. I suspect what they are coated with also weakens nitrile.”
“He and your sister both being meddling busybodies, the arrangement just might keep the two of them off our backs for the foreseeable future.  And when my brother offers you cash to provide some sort of report on me, take it. We’ll split the payments and concoct some story to keep him content.”
On tomorrow's schedule you will find a request for pre-authorised passes for one Sherlock Holmes, accompanied by a certain Dr John H. Watson.
Sherlock glared at his preself. “Fictional,” he muttered.
"So, yes, he thinks I am creating a fictional wound and recounting it slightly differently each time-- rather than having received multiple injuries at Maiwand, the most severe of which sent me home with Enteric Fever. Wonderful. And it said 'through the leg'? Are you certain?"
"Or?"
“More or less. I have no better plans.”
“No. It just means he’d have to make a second bomb. Probably delay him a day or two. Not worth it, on balance.”
O stranger who does not watch Sherlock!
“You gettin’ someone?”
"It is hardly necessary to apologise. I know you are without malice."
“But then—well, now, actually, just a few months ago—she started going to this new therapist, and she was right back into it. Picked up where she left off twenty years ago. Told me I was just scared to date a bloke. I told her it wasn't that. It was just that it’s hard to just meet a man and, you know, chat him up, because unless it’s in some gay bar— and I don’t think I’m about to just hop into one of those— not that there’s anything wrong with that, mind you. To each his own. But I’m a bit old for that sort of thing. Anyway, if it isn’t a gay bar, you can’t really know, can you? I mean, sometimes you might be able to guess, if someone falls into some stereotype or something, but that’s not exactly something I… well, basically, I told her I dated women because it is easier to know where I stand. Not because I’m hiding. She said it was just as easy to chat up a bloke as anyone else, and if he wasn’t gay, well, then he wasn’t. I’d find out soon enough. And if I guessed wrong, no one would care.” John looks around the cabin. It seems a little late for that, if he was worried about being overheard. Maybe there is something else he is nervous about discussing. “I don’t usually ramble on like this.”
“Sorry to disturb you, but this can’t wait. My friend, Sherlock Holmes, is as close to death as anyone I’ve seen and I’ve seen plenty of that as a--” He wasn’t listening.
“I know,” Sherlock interrupted.
"Yeah, maybe you should do that. It won’t affect the future, and I can tell if we are basically the same person. Or at least I can tell if we aren't."
Sherlock spoke in a near-whisper. “I had no control over that. You know this.” He moved in closer, raising his arm the tiniest bit, as if he intended to rest his hand upon his preself’s shoulder, but then dropped it back down to his side.
“Why not Hitler? It seems an ideal example.”
“Oh! Oh, sure! We can do that, absolutely.” John nodded enthusiastically, visions of Sherlock riding him flooding his mind and filling his cock.
"By which you mean, 'not at all'--"
Yeah, this is me having Sherlock give me unsolicited orchestral advice...
I distinctly recall slamming “The Lion's Mane” upon the breakfast table with a satisfying thunk. Now, after all my diligence, Holmes was recklessly disclosing the location of his home to every criminal sworn for vengeance both in England and upon the Continent. Perhaps elsewhere as well. My first thought was to rush to his side to protect him from unwelcome visitors. Had it not been Holmes, I would have thought myself duty-bound to assist in making the best of an egregious error and ensuring his protection. But it
He sucked hard against Sherlock’s neck as he undid his trousers, yanking them down so they fell artlessly to the floor. John grabbed Sherlock’s cock through his pants while sliding down to lick, kiss, then bite at his nipple, exposed through his open shirt. Then John turned his head slightly, though not even slowing for a moment, to get a good look at his preself standing in the doorway, watching. The preself closed his eyes once John made eye contact.
John turned to the preself this time. "And you brought us here so you could see me with your own eyes, instead of just waiting the year or so till you meet me at Bart's--"
"You thought yourself a burden upon my marriage?"
"Good selling point. Promise of pie charts."
“Only because you are. And it seems she is being unusually persistent at the moment.”
That didn’t seem like something Sherlock would ask for, but… okay, yeah if they agreed on it and John had some sort of input, chose someone he trusted, then maybe… Or maybe it was something like watersports? That was doable. Actually, that was more than doable. That was possessive, and John enjoyed being possessive as much as Sherlock enjoyed being claimed. He could mark him safely, too, if Sherlock wanted something like that. And being a medical man, there were any number of things people found too dangerous that John could navigate safely. Like breathplay. If he took some time to research it. John felt better, until he realised Sherlock was still watching him, and had probably found some way to have tracked that entire internal dialogue. Well, time to jump into it. “What is buzzing around your delightfully perverted little head, my love? Because I have just been thinking of an awful lot of things.”
I bet nobody there likes a wet dog either,
Sherlock’s preself stepped up to the car. “It should only require one, and yet, here we all are. So let’s all have a look.”
"Just like why do you matter? Not being another John's Sherlock?" He had meant to be a scoring a point, but there was a near grief, palpable between them. Sherlock continued on quickly before he risked hearing, ‘I don’t’. "Or... he meets him later. Like you might. Meet yours later. In retirement, or something."
“Is left to his own fate, whatever that may be.”
“You know what? I think you were trying to piss me off now. Trying to piss me off so I’d go at you hard and fast. But you know what? I’m gonna show you those “poor observational skills” in practice by keeping you on edge as long as I can. And believe me when I say that is a
“It might help to analyse their modus operandi in contemplating a solution.”
They managed to successfully lift the bomb out of the flooring and place it upon the cushioned seat row. John’s preself grunted with the exertion. “Should we dump it into the Thames?”
My version of "This Is Just To Say", by William Carlos Williams
"Why should I have changed?" the preself interrupted. "I'm not interested and then, suddenly, I am? Far more likely I'm stringing you along somehow. Using you for something. And that you'd inevitably find out, because you must be intelligent or, at the very least, emotionally perceptive, or else why would I have been interested in you in the first place?"
think about that. Yours is not the only situation where a bit of uncertainty regarding what you are truly comfortable with applies." Sherlock's preself gave a smile overflowing with mischief. "So, if you were to want to, say, feel what it was like to be pinned against the wall in the corridor of a pricey hotel, chest to chest...mouth to mouth...groin to groin..." Sherlock's preself took a step closer to John's but still kept a fair amount of space between them. "You just might find someone who was willing to try it out with you, give you ample time to assess it, and then move forward from there...if it was warranted." He stepped even closer, nearly touching, before moving further back and nodding. "Respiratory rate increased significantly, fair amount of dilation, although with this lighting....well, in any case, I'd say you are quite interested."
“I suppose we could. Yes.”
Sherlock spoke, but remained staring at John’s preself the whole time. “Same style, different solution. Someone is very curious about our group dynamics. We are likely being watched.” He turned toward John. “Before it was about you and me. Clearly there are other people for them to observe in a panic state this time around.”
“To be
“Don’t.”
“You aren’t serious.”
“I was in the midst of stating that for someone who has had experience spanning three continents… you are fairly limited in your range of activities.”
“No? Sometimes it is so painfully obvious that you have not met a John Watson in your universe. John Watson would never leave someone behind. I’m sure that is the case for either one of them. For all of them. Loyalty and bravery are no less defining characteristics for them than observation and intelligence are for us.”
Myrna Reszke was the meanest, most thoroughly unpleasant person, no, living creature, I had ever had the misfortune to meet. She was a patient during my final year of rounds. Geriatrics. No one wanted to go near her. She’d rip anyone trying to help her to shreds. Each and every one of us thought it was some unspoken, personal thing. Until someone finally brought it up over lunch. And it was at that moment that the supervising physician came in and then, we all knew. She hated everyone because she was in tremendous, continual pain.
we fade out. We may very well die first. You’ll never admit to it, but you have no idea how this all actually works.”
A partner?
"I meant with John, and you know that. You're still not going to tell me anything, are you? Look, I'm not saying I can't interfere because it will muck up time. I'm saying it's not my area. I’m not stopping you from doing your best, I am just being realistic enough to say it might not matter.”
“Whenever you want to have at it.”
John brushed off the admonishment. “Then why pick this one?”
John gestures to a man two rows ahead in the aisle seat fiddling with his suitcase. “Him.”
John wrapped his hands around Sherlock’s hips, thrusting forward, angling himself down. With a bit of anatomical luck, he could just hit his prostate. On the deeper thrusts, at least. At the very least, this angle would give Sherlock ample friction against the sheets.
“Are you actually mad at me for not calling you on it? What might I have done? Turned around and left when I came in and saw you on your back? Whinged about how you had changed the parameters on me? Demanded an explanation?”
you will open them again real soon.” He smiled. “You know what I like even better though? Better than this?” John manhandled Sherlock some more, maneuvering them both toward the edge of the bed, then flipped around to pull Sherlock on top of him. Sherlock braced himself, his forearms landing on either side of John. “I like when I’m down here. Like this.” John gazed up at Sherlock with ruthless determination, and Sherlock gave him a nearly imperceptible nod, reminiscent of the moment at the pool on the night they first met. It may have been ruthless and a bit mad, but they had both been certain they’d die together if need be. Yes, Sherlock would go as far as John needed to, without reservation. John’s nod in return was sharp, strong, and visible to everyone in the room. Then his expression changed once more, replaced by a blazing anger and a fierce determination, charged with rising lust, “I like when I’m down here, about to be taken. When I know that he can do anything he wants to me, and I will love every goddamned second of it.”
“Do you have a plan to stop him?”
“Well, it’s fine for now?”
"Yeah. I'm sure he's happy with that, and that's what matters. You know how I meant that. Quit being on me for everything I say. Look, I'm sorry I got you into this mess too, but I wasn't exactly expecting to see some guy eye me as he went up the stairs, only to flip back around and come up behind me and shove a pistol to the back of my neck.”
John could handle things. He needed to let John handle things on occasion. It was important. For their relationship. He steered the conversation away from the Johns downstairs.
John jumps in his seat. Such a physical reaction from an otherwise calm man is indicative of combat nerves. Maybe even Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder.
Sherlock greeted me dressed in equally simple garb—a dark morning suit— though the simplicity of it translated to elegance upon a man. He had insisted upon taking my black wool cloak, though a chill still gripped the air within his home, which he hardly seemed affected by. I assumed there was some ridiculous ladies protocol regarding the presence of outerwear within indoor spaces, and I surrendered it to him without protest. Now was the time to offer demonstration that I could navigate such demands, that there was no need to be forced into respecting them. He hung it upon a hat and coat rack in front of a largish bouquet of flowers, nearly knocking them over in the process.
I took the twenty out of my wallet and left it on the table. “Who do I need to bring?”
“I couldn’t risk you getting any closer.”
“I’ll do it. I’ll get treatment. Not from just any hospital though. And not just any doctor. There is only one man I need. One man who can cure me. Will you get him?”
“Ten minutes. We’ll think of something.”
“Not just food… juice. Firstly, coating one’s teeth in an acidic liquid immediately after cleansing them is rather counterproductive and I’m not an idiot. Secondly, I would have needed to have used your inferior toothpaste.”
John was able to move his fingers well enough to start working on his preself’s knots.
Haply I think on him, and then my state,
When we got there I cursed at having abandoned my twenty to Holmes’s delirium and begged the driver to wait until I came back with another passenger and promised I’d tip more than the fare at the end. I was about to explain that I was a physician seeking the opinion of a medical expert and was fishing for my ID, but one look at the house at 13 Lower Burke was all I needed for him to know there was some serious potential money involved. I have no idea what he thought I was up to, pulling up at the smuggest goddamn building on the Upper West Side, and that was saying something.
John: She gave me a pamphlet. Right. Beams. And it was built by this McMahon bloke who promised them a 480 foot tall building but...
John looked up at Sherlock. "No, you sure as hell should. And of course you would go find us." Then John kissed him.
“The indentation along his left thumb indicates that—”
Mr Mycroft Holmes,
Right after that whole Gold King deal at Throgs Neck Bridge, I started feeling like someone needed to record all the work Holmes had done. Told myself I just wanted to write it down so we could get all those yellow bits of paper picked up already. They were everywhere. Scraps of paper, hell to pay if I touched them until it was all over. Till then, he’d arrange them in small sections, then lines, then change the order up, and claim it was all a System. He’d get his own special kinda snippy every time I tried to sit down for some food at the actual
He didn’t respond.
“Yes. Though you see now why I couldn’t have you clearing the table.”
"This universe has a few fixed points, yes. You said as much yourself...things that tend to repeat across all dimensions. Patterns. I believe this universe has some aspects it might wish to change and some it does not. And the four of us are irritants. The longer we all stay here, the more unstable it could theoretically become. I was right to hurry, but not for the reason I thought. We do not know how that instability would manifest.”
“Let’s just say It’s rather obvious who the couple is here.”
who suggested I not mention a battle which was an Afghan victory again!  To keep it more.... Why, that--"
Sherlock looked warily upward, still expecting to find his Moroccan syringe case there, in spite of the claim to be drug-free, but found instead a small, ivory box. A different type of case entirely was occupying his preself's time, then. The Smith case. He smiled. He knew exactly where he was at, so to speak, both personally and professionally.
"Oh, I forgot. You spoke with Dr Weise for, what, an hour or two... and now you are fully capable of manipulating time."
"I know."
"John Watson." John extended his hand. "I store jokes and unnecessary pop culture references for the both of us. Pleased to meet you."
“Alcohol. Watson family trait. She’s been stable for all of two months and now she thinks she has some sort of license to tell me all the things I should be doing that I’m not.”
Normally, one does not stride over to the bar to join a version of one's self whilst balancing three scotch-and-sodas, but John had felt pawky… and who better to appreciate his humour than himself? He’d greeted his preself with a cheerful, "Hi there, handsome."
“But—“
“Can we at least go home first? I’d rather not be stripped down to my pants in the middle of First National, even if it is a Sunday.” He gestured toward the night watchman and bank president, who had insisted on accompanying them into the vault.
“Oh! Go right ahead. There’s an article on page 17 claiming bamboo sheets ensure a good night’s rest. Although lacking in methodology, it is a bit more relevant to your interests than the one comparing curling irons.”
"The first time around there was a switch."
The preself ignored John in favor of stroking Sherlock’s cock. He was examining it almost reverently while Sherlock tried for something at least approaching calm and confident as John spread him open while a second John enveloped the head in his mouth.
“I think not. We can't be certain it goes nowhere,” said Sherlock.
"On the contrary. I find it quite appropriate. Helpful, even."
I have no doubt that I would have found such a message with ease— as would have one or two of the more clever and literate members of my Irregulars, and possibly the very brightest of the Yarders— but it was indeed a risk unworthy of taking despite your rather pedestrian notion that such a step requires a public announcement of some sort. As I have no wish to call upon you to expand your sphere of influence in an attempt to protect my person, you have my gratitude for exercising due caution.
“I have never been this pissed off, or this relieved. Please tell me Mrs. Hudson wasn’t in on it the whole time.”
“Dr Watson is thinking of this as simply past and future. It isn’t. Their past isn’t precisely your past. It is in many ways, but not all ways. The same goes for their future. And I want to determine the degree of impact we can actually have. It is more complicated than mere time travel. It is also dimension travel. Now, that having been said, we are not hoping into this new universe at the same date it is here. We will be headed into their past.” The preself fidgeted with some controls on what looked like a very small version of a telly remote, before placing it in his inner coat pocket.
John had no qualms about arguing the point, while Sherlock remained quietly taken-aback. “Our mission is to stop Moran," said John. "I think perhaps you have forgotten that fact.”
“Not a problem at all, then.” He smiled again. Yes, definitely a record.
Sherlock weighed what might or might not have been a proposal. "I suspect it isn't something you can figure out in advance, and given John's near-suggestion, I think it would be agreeable.” His lips pressed into a hard line. “If I can stand to so much as look at you, that is. How can you be willing to do absolutely nothing? Even if the effort should prove be extraneous or futile.”
Sherlock looked at both Johns and smiled, while Sherlock’s preself called out without so much as rising from his chair. “Hello. We are on the trail of a bomber who has every intention of blowing up Parliament, perhaps even a plural would be appropriate here. Parliaments, not bombers. If it were up to me, I’d let you get on with your life, but this one,” the preself gestured abruptly toward Sherlock, “seems to think an extra person would be helpful for a plan. Just to be clear, I prefer to work alone. So. This requires every bit of your stealth and military training.”
“I don’t think you need to apologise for compliments, John.”
This Is Just To Say
"He keeps inquiring as to the name of the hospital where I convalesced. He says there is one which claims to have treated me, and they wish for me to write a short piece to be auctioned off for their fundraiser."
The meeting was a tense prospect indeed, and I was prepared to abandon my cause the moment it felt too precarious. I had time, and, though I knew not why, I had hope. Something within had clung to the notion that Sherlock had determined a boarding school of Mycroft’s choosing was unnecessary, though we had yet to meet to determine what, precisely, would be required.
I sent a telegram stating I would pay a visit to Sussex the following week.
“Like hell you’ll walk. I only said stand. Can. You. Stand? Just stand.”
"Where John and I hate each other. I am not amnesiatic. So, you played time-tourist."
“Well, it doesn't matter much as far as our plan though, right? We do what we do anyway?”
John: (smiling) Yeah. Yeah, let's do that.
At first, Sherlock scarcely acknowledged the comment; he was entirely too busy taking samples from the ten plus tubes of toothpaste that had magically appeared overnight.
“Though I suppose it’s sometimes helpful to hear the sounds of other people having fun. Grounding. Rather than just emptiness.” Oh. Wait. That was not the right thing to say.
"He's a father."
"Correct."
"I won't even try to explain my views on the subject. Couldn't even if I wanted to."
"How do you know there is a John here?” Sherlock asked.
"Now for
I laughed. "I will say no such thing." I folded my paper and looked up at Holmes, concerned. "Should I remove my comment regarding the gentleman's appearance altogether? Perhaps, I should create a particularly beautiful female client and--"
Mission first. He needed them to work efficiently and not have this other version of himself distracted, preoccupied with a future shift in sexual identity. Besides, his early reactions to that were....well...he had never been against homosexuality, exactly. He just... had definite ideas about what it was, and what he wanted, and their supposed incompatibility. Even the meaning of "gay" was different to him back then. He had had to teach himself that it wasn't defined by whether you wanted to put your...oh fuck, he really didn't need to relive his ignorance and try to explain things now. Giving your past self any sort of life advice is best left as an entirely fictional scenario. He'd avoid the topic if at all possible.
John grinned. “If you want that, you’ll have to work for it yourself. I have other things in mind first.”
Recalling such scenes are a strange mixture of emotions now. I love when I am reminded of our more intimate moments, of course, but, as you can imagine, there is much pain in the recollection.
I sketched a peony and a hydrangea, larger flowers which looked out of place in the outer reaches of the bouquet rather than at its centre, and then went back to add some more detail to the camilia. As I was imagining the bouquet, my mind snagged upon a new form of inconsistency. A camillia had no scent. Nor did the hydrangea, for that matter. I paused, dropped my pencil, and returned to my reference book with a newfound ferocity.
The preself made as if to add something, but then decided against it, and simply nodded as well.
Sherlock waited at the bottom of the stairs for John, and Sherlock's preself watched the tail end of the unspoken exchange between the two of the them.
“Isn’t.” John looked at his plate again. “Maybe we need to stop having these conversations when I’m still hungry. I think I need more caloric intake for my brain to function properly. So, you are saying you want to top. To be the top. To be the one who—”
John glanced toward the preselves and looked as if he wished to catch up with them and listen to their conversation, but Sherlock reminded him they still needed to deal with disarming a bomb, and, fascinating as the conversation theoretically might be, they had to head to the Sumatra Station immediately.
"Perhaps you teach him."
“I did not mean that as a criticism against your— Nevermind.” He waved away the comment as inconsequential. It was far too late for that.
"Ah. But it is my lot in life to also think of scenarios that are...less predictable. The improbable, as it were."
“It feels that way, John. And besides, while assigning proficiency in such skills to any particular gender identity is a bit absurd, I should remind you I am a trained martial artist. I can fence—”
“It was created by people you served with, so one must take into account that the overwhelming majority of codes or simple acronyms would therefore have to be viewed in a sexual context. Furthermore, it was an obvious dig at your becoming exclusive.” Sherlock smiled at that. “Three what? Three countries? Hardly much of a boast. Must be continents. Although to be honest, that isn’t much of a boast either. At first I’d thought it might have been a joke at your expense, but you stubbornly ignored it, which gave it far more credence to having been an accurate assessment.”
the plums
"Timing is everything, John." He glanced up at me through lowered lashes. Mrs Hudson had gone out for the evening, as she had mentioned to us at breakfast. Timing indeed. I moved slowly toward the reclining form spread out upon the fainting couch, now artfully rearranging both limbs and dressing gown to their greatest effect.
"You mean you really didn't know?" Sherlock's preself confronted John's, as they continued to walk. "How is that even possible? I mean, true, you are far from what I would call observant, but...this is, more or less
“I am hardly your typical girl!”
“Of course it’s not case-related! I haven’t a case on!”
O inconceivable being!
I sighed. "Yes, you most certainly did. Who would have thought the American public would be so easily offended?"
John and John eventually decided to have a drink or three and deal with the situation.
They sit in silence, then Harry’s brother takes out his mobile, opens up an app, begins typing, and sighs. Loudly. Even putting his greatcoat against the window and burrowing his ears into it, the sounds of frustrated tapping seek him out, jarring his brain, as if the man were pushing on a keyboard, no, a manual typewriter, instead of a touch-sensitive screen. New model phone? Or just angry? Or...yes...both. Must be the sister. He makes a furtive attempt to glimpse the screen, out of idle curiosity. Not that Harry’s brother is all that interesting. There is just so little to do trapped in a tin box at 30,000 feet, comparatively speaking. He is successful enough to catch a few words.
or accurate observations.
“No. I’m saying that I
“I see.”
Sherlock: One extra tick mark and no one noticed.
"I will find a way around it, thank you."
God, that hurt my heart, the surrender in that tone. I couldn’t wait another second.
I shifted to a military stance and waited. It seemed very possible that Culverton Smith would choose to be inhuman.
John finally shuts his open mouth and nods once, tightly. “Well. Sorry to have bothered you with my… I have no idea what to call it, I guess. My… weird… family… thing. I hope you’re not too offended.”
“Ask too much of it and it might become unstable. That's why it is best for the two of you to stop Moran. It is consistent with events which have already occurred elsewhere. But still, you are suggesting we attempt to fool this universe into thinking that what Moran willen had done is something minor. That arresting him before Parliament is attacked… a huge explosion now no longer occurring...is a minor, acceptably remedied glitch?"
“Culverton Smith. Here a few months. From the UK. 13 Lower Burke St.” He struggled to get the words out between clenched teeth. He wouldn't say so, but it was clear to me he was in a lot of pain. “Go. Bring him here. Make him come here.”
“Yeah. I think it might be high time for both of us to give it a go. I mean, we can’t dine in, which is a damn shame, but we could make the best of it and have it sent to the Plaza. They’d still fancy it up if it was delivery. Pretty sure.”
“And the smell is horrible.”
“Yeah.
“I know. Still, I’m surprised by how little the knowledge actually helps.”
John clenched his jaw, "I do have a name besides 'him'."
"It is all in the past now, and no longer merits discussion. Shall I ring for supper?"
“Sure will. Getting ready for church, now.”
“True. But I was never afraid of kink, John. I had little personal experience, as few people appealed to me, but I’ve always been far from a prude. You, on the other hand, maintain a certain hesitancy. Shall we say, a tendency toward the routine. I know we all have our preferences, and I’m fine with that. But if I were to… shake things up just a bit… I do wonder what might happen.”
“Judging from your age and demographics, I would hardly have expected you to fall into the Out and Proud category.”
"The most efficient way, given that time travel is acknowledged here, would be to ask him."
"It wasn't, though." Sherlock gave a half smile. "It ended up far more emotionally complicated than either of us ever anticipated. And, I can see it even more clearly now, after meeting me again. It was worth a try, but, I didn't really want it."
“It didn’t matter. Moran was real enough. And he was dealt with. I believe I will arrange to be sent back with him as a sort of escort to his original dimension. Ensure he has no devices on him and no access to them in the future. I can continue my own explorations of the timeline from there.”
"And you were about to thank him, weren't you, John? This is me at my core. Selfish."
I know you will authorise this. You wouldn't dare mess with Chronology IV, the most sacred of all protocols, now, would you? The mere existence of this email should provide ample evidence that a time shift in my favour (and when I say "my", I mean Past Me, of course) has already occurred, so-- you will need to correct the imbalance. Please inform John and my Self that they willed be meeting me on Wednesday at 7:46 pm. (Ah, the joys of time travel grammar!)
“Not a problem.”
Like to the lark at break of day arising
John gave Sherlock another silent assessment of consent, then slid his body backward a bit before turning toward his preself once more. “You’ve been just waiting for a reason. An excuse. Here’s your moment. Take it.”
I bet everybody on your show,
"Of course I did. No practical use."
“Not an issue. There was… a lot I needed to say that I couldn’t have done. You knew I needed something which would force me to push all my annoyance aside and cut to what really mattered. That you knew how to stop the timer all along was—“
“Okay then. Uh..John...can wait by the ice machine. He will get a good view of the hall and the elevators...and I can.. pull a fire alarm, and then everyone will leave their rooms and…”
“It is fine, John. Crisis averted. The bomb was successfully diffused.”
Had he placed any value on such “inconsequential” things as flowers, he could have saved Doctor Watson himself! He already had taken a list of his former patients! He already knew of the existence of the costume shop, had even shopped there before it was… contaminated… with femininity and no longer worthy of his notice! I glanced toward the flowers once more, about to use them as evidence against him in my tirade on how he could have found his friend, had he not been so blind to the worth of half the population...his ignorance of such matters being commonplace to any woman alive. I do not know what stopped me. Certainly I was fortunate some common sense remained within my arsenal of emotions, for it would have been a cruel retort. I did stare at that bouquet long enough to have caught his eye, which was when he interrupted my thoughts in a most insouciant manner with that all-too-familiar arrogant grin.
Sherlock’s voice was filled with contempt. “Yes. Of course. An honest mistake. You used your closest frame of reference, and popped me right in there in place of one of your numerous girlfriends.”
Sherlock seemed to be disliking his preself more and more by the second. “It does seem a large risk to take to prove a theory.”
“Technology not of the era you are presently occupying only works intermittently at best. Yes, there was texting, and mobile calling, but not an iphone and not easy online access. Keep trying and we will eventually get a picture to show John II here. Your John will have to rely on his memory. Hopefully it is still sharp.”
“I can relate,” John’s preself added, “Though I have to admit I kind of liked feeling as if I had more purpose.”
they were delicious
"Some of it appears to repeat, but essentially, yes. I suspect each Universe has a single, significant point of diversion."
"Yeah, I know."
even the children, pushes her away.
Sherlock rolled over onto his back, the blanket falling off the bed. “I know you can’t imagine it.”
"Holmes, you are incorrigible."
I show her my palm, and she turns aside.
The cold
John looked at Sherlock’s messages. Apparently Sherlock’s younger self had wasted no time in whipping out one of Mycroft’s cards and securing a room where they could plan things privately. #543.
I will wait
Sherlock blushed some more. “Apologies for the... umm… several years’ delay.”
something that could be given with one hand
"Perhaps it is the fact that you only mention the shoulder injury once and never again."
John’s preself crossed the car to examine the ticking bomb himself. “Wait!”
“Actually, I think I am the only one here who
“To a Stranger Born in Some Distant Country Hundreds of Years from Now”
“Yeah. You did. I didn’t mean to accuse you, I'm just, usually not that lucky.”
He continued to speak as he rearranged the supporting log. "To cease to be a distraction. It did not work as well as I had hoped."
“I didn’t say a thing about Afghanistan. You heard it from her.”
"A shoulder injury does not aggravate with walking, or else I would have seen fit to complain with far greater frequency. In truth, If it had been at my sole discretion, I would have mentioned my injuries only the once-- in
“That's not the same John. Just as we are not the same Sherlock. Each one of us functions in his own little universe, independent of each other, with our own personality quirks.”
“I’ve...heard of that place, yes. I’d agree that it does. Have a reputation. Can’t say that I’ve, ever been.”
"Yes, quite so. I requested it."
"He just seems like it. Pretty and posh. Though I guess he could be all burly and be gay too. But, between you saying 'someone' and he being... how he is... I just figured he was. Sorry if I was wrong."
"Are we certain he will use the same type? In the same place?" John asked, struggling to keep up.
Sherlock grinned at John, and pulled out his mobile to text:
“You know me from the stories, Enola. Imagine if I only knew you from what someone chose to write about you, destined to appear to the general public within the pages of the Strand.”
The younger John was indignant. “And...how did you know about that? Have you been watching me?”
I also will not find fault in your assessment of my previous lack of interest in such matters, as I offer to you my own version of a merging of the sacred and the profane, though, in truth, it is not a profanity: ‘For it is like a mustard seed, the smallest of all seeds on earth. Yet when planted, it grows and becomes the largest of all garden plants, with such big branches that the birds can perch within its shade.’
alone
“So you decided it was worth risking your life tackling an armed man!”
“Smith.”
"Oh, but there is. It is a messy one. Matilda Briggs. And believe me, the world is not yet ready for her. Dr Weise's rogue assistant. I will have to come up with another explanation for our stopping her after we do, but that part’s not exactly difficult. The actual stopping, however, might be."
bullet wound." Holmes smiled, but it faded quickly into something far more repentant upon seeing my distinct lack of humour regarding the situation.
And then he too was gone.
"That is... not entirely accurate. I do reread certain stories, as the mood strikes. I find myself rereading your account of Milverton--"
“Okay, you hypocritical bastard! Where are you?”
The car seemed exactly the same, and Sherlock strode over to the floorboard and lifted it for access. The bomb was there. It had three minutes and five seconds remaining, and was rapidly ticking down. There was no switch. Sherlock shook his head. “About three minutes to decide what to do next.”
"Sheltered from what? He hardly seems to have led a privileged and isolated life."
"Are you saying he believes I am deceiving the public with the extent of my injuries to garner sympathy?"
Sherlock smiled, his grin taking over his entire face. "Well, you could always--"
John’s mobile never made a text alert sound, and all three of them came rushing through at once.
"And still does, I might add."
I resolved to sell my practice and join Holmes in Sussex. I had business to attend to with Doyle as well. When I returned to London, it was with Holmes at my side.
The window opened up to a secluded hallway within a deluxe hotel. They stepped through it and the curtains closed again, blending seamlessly into the wall.
“Yeah.”
“Pardon?”
In my anger, I had told him that was entirely beside the point.
"Yes. I am particularly drawn to the passage where we hide behind the curtains." He turned back to face me again and frowned. "Perhaps it is worth the telling." He sighed and reached for his pipe. "Watson, I was abroad for many years, as you well know. I went on a spiritual quest of sorts. The birthplaces of the great religions of the Orient. Though the Church of England taught me gratitude, it did not offer up peace of mind. I wished to avoid London, leave you to start your new family, and me to conquer my vices. Neither of our paths went quite as planned, Old Boy."
John laughs.
There is yet another aphorism I wish to call to your careful attention. I, and in fact the whole of this great nation, owe our security to men like your Doctor Watson, as well as a debt of gratitude to his skill in wielding a sword on behalf of the Empire, but it has not escaped my notice that, in your view, it is eclipsed by how mighty his pen is. It is one you have long held. This view, perhaps somewhat unusual though no less valid, comes as no great surprise to one who has known of your nature from the start.
I turned to Holmes in surprise. My friend merely nodded and, after a moment, intoned, “Charles Augustus Milverton.”
of mine. Now, I know you can snap, because I’ve seen you use those long, thin fingers of yours to order people around chop chop, snapping at people, so now you can snap those same fingers if you want me to stop so you can breathe while I’m shoving my cock down your throat. Which I might do now. Or later. Or not at all. Depending on what I
“So, the shout from the kitchen, at a rather ungodly hour?”
“That will be fine. Teapot it is.”
John shrugged. "It's tough to explain. Just, whatever stupid ideas he's got in his head, know they aren't mine, okay? I mean, I'd rather we avoid him entirely until we fade. But he keeps asking me why I'm being distant, and, it's…. Well I was going to say you know how it’s rough to confront your own past, but then I remembered why you sought yourself out in the first place."
“To a Stranger from Another Fandom, Perhaps in Some Distant Country, Reading at This Very Moment”
“I hope I don’t regret this, but… I’m willing to try anything once. Just, make sure you're safe about how we set it up, and I’ll try it.”
"I suppose I do deserve that. But in my defense, I had not yet received a proper demonstration of your powers of observation when I made that statement." I paused to make a quick calculation. "Have you seriously kept that one at the forefront of your mind for some 20-odd years, just waiting for the right moment to throw it at me?"
"Yes. And likely bisexual. Though possibly not. I haven't asked directly."
"Doesn't sound like it went very well."
John shook his head. “How? We can’t just push the whole car. I mean it was clearly brought here from somewhere, then detached, but we wouldn’t have access to another car to hook it up to, would we? We’d have to try to defuse it where it is. Cut wires at random.”
“None. Ripped the fabric myself with a small cutter. Bullet never went near me. Deflected his shooting arm just before he fired.”
“Not just any armed man.” Sherlock stopped to wince, then took a deep breath and continued, “And this also isn’t the first time I’ve been in this type of situation with John Clay. I wanted it to be the last time. He has always managed to elude capture.”
“Fine. Go ahead. Use Hitler. Everyone does.”
John flicks his eyes over quickly without turning his head and types some more. And tilts the screen away from view.
Sherlock holds the phone at arm’s length to capture a perfect selfie of him with what he knows to be a rather exaggerated grin, a thin slice of thoroughly embarrassed, red-faced John alongside him.
It is times like this when I regret my knowledge of midrash is not stronger. No, that is another religion, entirely--midrash— so there is no guide. Surely, there would have been stories of this. Of how He was received when reentering the Land of the Living. Perhaps I think too highly of myself? No, I absolutely do. Still the bleeding vicar. Except now the blood pours from my nose—not avoided this time, and all that that means is swirling around somewhere in there, too, as I watch them drive away. As I walk home, the signpost says yield.
“No, we won’t.”
“Well, I guess the thing you need to know about Harry is she never was into men at all, you see, and she caught a lot of hell for it growing up. I told her not to go stealing my girlfriends. She— it was just a joke. I knew she never would try to do something like that— and then she told me flat out it wouldn’t work anyway, even if she did try, cause my girlfriends wouldn’t like her, now, would they? I said they might. And we, umm, had a bit of a talk about that.” John stops for a moment, takes a breath, and then decides to keep speaking. Like he has just turned some sort of corner and to keep on going is inevitable. “I said I like women. And I do. And she said she got that, seeing as she did too, and we had a bit of a laugh. But, then, I did tell her I sometimes liked to look at men, too. Not all of them. Just. Just some men. And just looking. And she laughed again. Not in a mean way. And she said I should try it out. And that I had a better chance of getting a date that way. And that was that. For a long time.”
"I wasn't the least bit interested in sex at that time"
Sherlock’s preself turned toward the younger John, who was now watching every movement. “You haven’t turned away, have you? I know what you want, too. I felt it— remember? You and he might not be the same person, but right now, you both want the same thing.”
"You know the piece rather well."
"That's the long and short of it, yes."
“I might have looked you up. Both Watsons leave the military, under different circumstances and at different times, it seems.”
“Maybe I want something, then,”
“Yeah. Interesting, good looking, and I haven’t scared him away yet with my awkward conversation.”
“Yes, that might make difference. Though there are other ways of stopping him. Like pulling him out of his stream.”
“Don’t what?”
"I'm sure you are wondering why I called you all here," his preself said with a smile, walking into the front room. John returned it. Sherlock still looked perplexed. "Little joke? Don't tell me you have no room in there for jokes. How sad."
so sweet
ken. It was, in many ways, much the same as during the early years of my marriage and during Holmes’s feigned death-- save for the sobering fact that this time there would be no hope, however slim, of return.
John browsed the internet. No new responses to his latest blog post, which was several weeks old by now. There were comments on the entry he did on his and Sherlock’s relationship though. There always were. He used to monitor it regularly and delete the posts that were nothing but homophobic shit, but soon he realised that his supporters were taking care of those comments for making the poster look ridiculous. So he started to simply ignore them. But there was always a steady stream of surprised readers, along with those who claimed to have known all along, in the replies every week. At some point it would surely be old news, but even three years out there were still people who didn’t seem to have known until just now.
"Well. That was certainly interesting, John. Meeting the younger version of you."
My partner wishes me to begin my reply by advising you that your letter has been the subject of much amusement within our household. It seems your ability to balance the sacred— for indeed we have undertaken, as you have deduced, our own version of a sacrament— with the profane is unparalleled. As I am the one with command of the...pen...at present, I will ask that you delay basking in your humour for just a moment more whilst I arrange my narrative in order of importance.
“Moran doesn't belong here, on this track, yet he supposedly caused an explosion here,” argued Sherlock. It is possible the universe will accept a minor variation. We need to try to fix this. Intervene and save what Moran will destroy.”
John smiled back. “Do I need to get anything? Or… anyone?”
“And don’t you go telling me it’s just a scratch! I’ll be the judge of that.” John quickly examined the blood soaking through the outside of Sherlock’s aesthetically-pleasing trousers.
“No. That part was the easiest. I just thought about how you’d feel during those ten minutes outside.”
"My behavior was inexcusable, Holmes."
about that.”
“Which would make it go off. Any action film tells you that much,” scoffed his preself.
"No. You were right. And. Yes, it was... good. But we were in a bubble. You chose to forget; how did you even remember any of this?" He deliberately softened his tone... the opposite of what he felt... in the hopes that his emotions would somehow align themselves with his voice.
I have heard if you love something, set it free. The logician in me cannot help but wonder, is the converse true as well? If you have set something free, does that mean you have loved it?
"Regarding?"
John pushed harder, reaching just below where they were joined and pressed inward with his thumb, hard. Sherlock gasped. “Ah, gotcha. Raise up on your knees if you can, just a bit. That’s right. Just like that.” Sherlock struggled to raise himself and John slipped his other hand beneath him and gripped Sherlock’s cock with his other hand. This was what he loved. Every part of his body working together. John was faltering in his rhythm, and Sherlock might just have been revelling in it in their competition of who would absolutely lose composure first, had he been at all aware, that is. John grinned. It had to be Sherlock first, had to be… fuck fuck fuck... “Fuck,  I can’t keep it going, I….fuck, Sherlock, I…” Planting small kisses on his back was what did it, the smallest of gestures, sending Sherlock toppling over the edge, his cock, harder than fucking steel, so very hot, finally pulsing in his hand. It was Sherlock’s voice though, a low growl, that made John give it all up, every last bit of himself, swearing from the exertion as he gave one final thrust and came hard.
"I was a good husband to her, yet even Mary was not above chiding me that my attention often lay elsewhere. I do not think I should wish to put another good woman through that."
, amongst the Gurus and Brahmin. And when Mycroft informed me of Mary's death... and of Johanna’s as well… I...." He stopped a moment and looked at the hearth rug. "Well, in truth, I could not bear to be an additional source of pain. The loss of your friend was... remediable." His eyes travelled to meet mine, then quickly darted away once more. "Perhaps that is not the best way of phrasing things.”
It had been Mycroft, after all, who had attempted to lure me with a false message within the pages of the Pall Mall. I began to wonder to what degree Sherlock was complicit in this ruse. Perhaps, having proven to be the less traditionally-minded of my two brothers, he might be more in common with our mother than I had initially supposed. Some of the traits I read of within Doctor Watson’s accounts seemed to support this view. Still, it was all too clear to me that he would find the degree of freedom my mother had attempted to gift me with (my mother’s name, Eudoria, means gift...perhaps as telling as mine, which backwards spells alone) as highly inappropriate. I thought upon Sherlock’s name, then scolded myself for having done so. A logician should not concern oneself with such things. Besides, ‘Sherlock’ means fair-haired, and he did not remotely fit this physical description. Though seeing Mycroft as a plot of land felt strangely apt.
John paused on their walk toward the kitchen appliances to simply take that information in. He only knew what he had learned on a BBC documentary he had caught early last year. A conductor--John assumed he was famous-- had called Tchaikovsky "disposable", "sentimental" and -- the imagery stuck with John a full year later-- "as relevant to the modern world as the tsarist decadence of a Fabergé egg." The documentary also focused on Tchaikovsky's personal life, and a few crackpot theories that he didn't die of cholera, but rather was forced to kill himself by a tribunal who had feared public awareness of his sexual advances toward a...male... member of the aristocracy. John had not known Tchaikovsky was gay. It had bothered him, not knowing this. He shifted back to the conversation at hand.
“To be—”
Sherlock tried to bring up a picture of Lord Moran on his mobile. He frowned and tried again.
I force myself to make breakfast. I have only just now stopped making tea for two, and while there is a sadness in that, there is a certain degree of health as well.
however you scoot from place to place,
I made it there in under 20. God, he looked like hell, even from across the room, but that didn’t stop me from heading straight to him. As I hit the doorway, he yelled at me with what sounded like the very last bit of his voice. “Stay back!”
Sherlock raised John’s arms over his head, crossed his wrists, and kissed him with as much lust, as much strength and power and dominance, as John had shown before. Sherlock spoke John’s name, his voice rich and resonant, impossibly deep, and John’s voice cracked in contrast, “God, yes, please…anything. Everything.”
“Gender makes no difference to me.”
He cleared his throat. “Ill, you say? I’m so sorry to hear this. I don’t know him well, of course. Just old business. Well, best get him into a hospital, if they have the capacity. Covid can progress rather rapidly. I don’t know why you are calling on me. I don’t have a spare ventilator in my
“She has enemies?”
“Drugs? Alcohol?”
John shifts in his chair once more. “Do you...do you mind if I just—“ He reaches toward the magazine. “Better than nothing.”
Yes, this building exists.
John liked quite a bit. Yeah. And he had to actually clear his throat before asking, “Ok. What did you have in mind?”
"Yes. That is why I initially chose it to explore. Easier to navigate. Why?"
“I agree.”
“Obviously, I had none remaining.”
Sherlock was probably right. His bed was large and he could spread out easily there. It would be far more comfortable.
“I can’t quite get at—”
This is the second such morning within this lonely month I have had such thoughts; it makes me long to set the record straight-- and so I shall-- if only to have it languish in that great tin box in Charing Cross for decades more. At least it will have served to ease my own troubled mind, and perhaps strengthen my resolve to stay here, amidst the high, white cliffs and Holmes's bees, instead of heed the call to warmer climes. A return to the scorching sands of Afghanistan would certainly chase away this cold, but would do little to assuage the true cause of my ache. It is, as has been alluded to in the past, from a wound which lies elsewhere. Of course, that is not to say the state of these old bones in the damp morning air does not constitute a physical reality.
I waved my arm toward the busy street. “I was led to believe you enjoyed London. The bustle of people. All that. Surely, its odors no longer faze you.”
Quite frankly, creating an ending for this once I’d written all the good bits has been exceedingly difficult. I was finding I just wanted to end it in a way that made sense. Hopefully it does. I, like John, wanted this to work out a certain way, but not all universes do, I suppose. Thank you for sticking around.
Sherlock nodded quickly to acknowledge the compliment and headed without so much as a moment's pause across the street to the Underground staircase, speaking as he sprinted down the stairs, "Not the time to assess this particular John's private life! We have a bomb to disarm!"
"And you found one in need of some assistance, so you brought me over."
Not so much as a scratch.
When they were both in bed, Sherlock turned on his side facing away from John, as he often did when they had a goal of sleep instead of langid cuddles, but John still draped a loose arm across Sherlock’s body. After a few moments, Sherlock took hold of it and wrapped it further around himself. “Goodnight, John.”
“You know who is doing this,” said Sherlock’s preself.
"So, now you are convinced he is an entirely different version of you?"
I’ll trouble not the heavens with my cries,
“You find that humorous?”
“It’s perfect. Why would I hatch up a plan with a stranger I met on a plane?”
“I take it you’ve never heard of Sherlock Holmes.”
“It’s still at three minutes,” replied Sherlock. “I’ll dial MI5”
"Yeah?" John's preself's breathing was even harder now as he managed to step even  closer than before. "And what if I were the one to do that to... someone? Would that still be an acceptable offer?"
"I know well enough how Mary and Johanna were taken from me at that time, but I know nothing of your experiences half a world away. Aside from your time as Sigerson, which seemed to me a grand adventure. Did I misjudge?"
John's preself chuckled. “Not what I see in mine either. None taken.” He paused, flushed a bit, and continued, “I didn’t mean because he’s a guy. I meant, he’s kinda hot, yeah. But obnoxious as hell.”
"Yeah, yeah, he is," was John's curt reply.
And look upon myself and curse my fate,
I’ve been a scoundrel, I know, in deceiving Watson once more. But this time, I had committed a far graver sin. I had forgotten him. It was my own shock in the realisation of having done so that had given the game away, for I would have been far better off to have added to my acts of callous deceit one of omission, and not made so abrupt a confession.
"This makes no sense. If we don't have the opportunity to delete these events because of the lack of a bubble, then we would have remembered them. And I don't remember any of this. I have not met Lord Moran twice."
"Hah! Made you talk."
"As you said, you would not wish to put another good woman through the difficulties Mary had borne with such grace."
John. His name is John. Even his name is boring. Not that everyone was blessed with something as not-boring as ‘Sherlock’, but...John. And Harry. Probably a Richard in there somewhere. Or a Charles. And John had been, indeed, texting angrily at his sister. Something about having done “it”, “just now”. Which, of course, he hasn’t. He hasn’t done a thing except speak to Sherlock. A stranger on a plane.
“The box, Smith. It was a box with eye protection from Healthspring Protective Equipment. Even if I
“Begin at the beginning. We have time.” He crosses his long legs, inadvertently kicking the seat in front of him, and tents his fingers under his chin.
I let out a huff of air, not bothering to disguise my annoyance. "That was quite clear from your thinly-disguised writing. Have you not sufficiently occupied your time swimming with your school chums?" I caught myself after the fact, dropping my fork onto my plate with a clatter. "I... I apologise for the-- Excuse me." I got up and left the room.
“Stolen her Vaseline and beeswax candles.” He tried a smile, but it didn’t last. “She was a bit shocked to find me in relatively good health, though still quite weak. Going without food and water for a few days has less of an effect on me than it would on the average person, but it still takes its toll.”
...an actual, physical sensation of pain. I had no idea why bomb construction and detonation had been placed within a locked file, and what it was connected to.” He paused, took a breath, then continued. “I do now. Now that I know our ancestral home was destroyed. Everything tangential to Eurus was inaccessible, and the fight to access it was the beginning of my awareness that something was very wrong.”
“221 Baker,” replied John, and the driver nodded.
“Didn’t stop him,” said Sherlock, kissing John softly. John heldhim
“No! No, not at all!”
"That statement implies you believed there was a point when that might not have been the case."
John, sensing Sherlock’s unusually passive demeanour, stretched his right arm forward and wrapped it round the top of Sherlock’s thigh. He stopped just long enough to say “I’ve got you,” then crossed his arms firmly against Sherlock’s stomach in a sort of embrace. Sherlock pivoted back toward John, who moaned in appreciation. John’s preself registered the movement, and realised that he had been making little use of his hands. He slid them along the inside of Sherlock’s thighs.
Sherlock shot back that Molly had kicked him out (banished was the word he had actually used) for stealing an eyeball right out of the cadaver on the slab. He had insisted the man had obviously been a chemistry prof who had donated his body to science, and since he himself
“My mind palace was, faulty. Flawed. Would I have learned how to diffuse a bomb? Yes. I would have. I did. Once. And that is certainly nothing I would have every deleted. Far too useful. I believe there are certain things I denied myself access to that are… connected to other things I find difficult to process. So, instead of reconciling which things I might need to know and which I felt the need to wall off—“
“Just keep it short. ‘Here’ if you spot him. ‘SOS’ if he’s doing something weird and you need backup. That sort of thing.”
"And I don't know. If I want a relationship or not. Certainly it's perfectly clear sex does not alarm me, but… well, I haven't had any since you. And it's not as if I couldn't just go down to a club and pull anyone I wanted, say exactly the right thing...but I just don't miss it."
Sherlock hung up. “Mycroft,” he said, his voice barely registering. “If he even exists here, I have no way of contacting him.” Sherlock, his counterpart and John looked equally lost.
It is a cold morning, and the harshness of this unheralded chill has seeped its way into my old bones and awoken me. Would that I could somehow harness the magic within fiction and conjure up a real-life bull pup to provide extra warmth. That form of companion would leave the public as blissfully unaware as ever of the absence of my bedwarmer for these many years, Sherlock Holmes, who now lay beyond
Sherlock’s preself stepped up. “And you should know I just checked my time tracking equipment and it is, acting up, a bit. Could be nothing. Could be indicative of an unstable area.”
I never thought I’d hear someone say that in real life. That and the lingering accent combined was surreal.
"Since you seem to already know what to do, I'll just... leave you both to it. And yes, I cannot do a bubble if you need to move about freely. Your preself claims there is already an imbalance, and from what I can tell, he is correct. I believe he caused it deliberately, without ever having contacted you. I am, to be frank, not entirely aware--"
"Doesn't matter. You're just sugar-coating it. Trying to say it's about anything more meaningful than getting off."
,” and “Fuck you, you fucking fuck,” I said, “Look, Holmes, I will take you to the best physician I can get my hands on. I will take you to Dr. Anthony Fucking Fauci himself if you will just agree to go see someone.”
Sherlock’s preself grinned again. “If you want to make it more dangerous, yes. Water has a much higher density than air and greater inertia. Together, they make water an excellent conductor of shock waves. What we need is a tunnel which recesses into a wall and a bomb squad with disarming robotics. There! That section of tunnel on the far side of the track. And call the authorities now, if you can get through all this interference.”
I take my obligation to our clients quite seriously, so all names, dates, locations, have always been changed if a client was yet living, and in some cases, even if they were not. No one should tamper with a legacy without good reason. I had also tried to use pseudonyms from my own life experience whenever possible, to better recall the clients’ manufactured names, should my editor have questions. Frankly, I did not trust that man, nor did I feel he bore good will to Holmes and myself-- and his attitude had only worsened once I returned to him with the tale of Holmes's resurrection. This, in spite of the fact that the public was eagerly consuming the stories and the even more significant fact that we had made him a great deal of money. My mother, Violet, and her brother, James, featured heavily as nominative placeholders, but even with that technique, I still made errors...far too frequent for my taste. I was changing names and dates so often that any careful reader would think me senile.
Sherlock smiles, quite a bit less...sharky...this time. “Exactly.”
“My toothpaste? Well,
“It was worth faking a wound, John.”
“I assure you, there is always purpose to be found amidst the chaos. Everything has its proper place, albeit at times an unconventional one.” He walked toward the fireplace and bade me rest upon a settee. I did so as demurely as possible, recalling my time spent in Mrs Watson’s parlour, sipping tea. Though I had been in character then, it was still me beneath the artifice; I was not without grace. I glanced toward the flames. They were comforting on such a bitterly cold morning as this, and I inched ever closer to them. “I have read of the cigars in your coal scuttle,” I said.
“I certainly do.”
John rested his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. “It doesn't mean he’s dead, Sherlock. Or even not in the government. It only means the phone number has changed, that's all.”
Something deep in his gut told John not to split up, but there was simply no way to monitor both locations effectively otherwise. If he thought hard enough, maybe he’d find some other way to do this.
“Well, considering neither of you will have seen the first Terminator film, or Harry Potter… So. If you wanted to kill Hitler, and you break into the nursery, and kill Baby Hitler, and replace him with another baby, then that new baby will end up being the one who will grow up to be the person the world knows as Adolph Hitler.”
thank you very much. And I heard the whole thing. How you waited till SARS hit in Sumatra to kill your nephew with some rare thing from your collection, and then came here. You can’t keep Mr. H away when he’s on to you, so you tried to do the same thing to him, now that you had the chance.”
“What of it, my dear fellow?” I asked as casually as possible.
John wrinkled his brow. "Sherlock....if you...if you don't really want this, we could--"
“And putting me through all that was part of the fun. No, really that sounded bitter, but, it’s what you do. And I’ve never done anything but let you push that boundary, cross that boundary of inappropriate action for a good laugh at my expense. And I’d usually join you in it. So, I suppose I must be okay with it on some level I will never quite understand.”
From sullen earth, sing hymns at heaven’s gate;
John positioned himself at the side of the bed and watched as Sherlock rolled to face him, puzzled. He’d want to know why he was slowing things down instead of speeding them up of course. Jumping into bed beside him. John watched as Sherlock's brow furrowed slightly, and he knew that brain was whiring along at full speed, trying to figure out what John would do next. This was no time for his usual patterns, dependable as they had always been.  After all, Sherlock had once said the thing that most appealed to him was John’s unpredictability.
your privilege
"Herrick," he said, quiet as a mouse. "Though Marvell's 'To His Coy Mistress' is similarly themed."
“I’m not asleep, John. I’m just thinking. And I do have a few ideas on this case. I’ll make some notes and return the file to Lestrade. And then, yes, we can absolutely try that new sexual activity tonight.”
“I’ve been sleeping fine enough, Mrs. Hudson. I’ll head right over. There isn't much I can do, but maybe he’ll at least listen to me.”
“And a very sick one.”
"Not exactly. I am a bit more... undefinable."
John busied himself with his tea. This was it. The moment he had dreaded. The man who turned everything into an experiment had finally turned his eye toward sex in the same light, and now John would be boring. Oh, he had no concern Sherlock would find someone else more intriguing; Sherlock was immensely private about such matters. Almost coy. But something quite a bit less than vanilla was headed his way. And, well, sure, John was game, but how weird might it get? Well, pretty weird yeah, but he was open minded. Sex was meant to be fun. They could try different things. New toys? Ok, sure. Maybe fancy knots or something. Sherlock was good with knots and could teach him a thing or two. What if he did want to… bring someone else in? Well, he could try that. Maybe. Yeah, he could see Sherlock being into some strange things, to be honest, but it was hard to think of something John wasn’t willing to do to that remarkable man, if Sherlock wanted.
John nodded. “Well, that was easier than I expected. What about Matilda Brigs and Alicia Cutter?”
Sherlock glanced down, then met John’s eyes with renewed confidence. “Yes. I had.” He stopped for a moment, then tilted his head. “Well, balance of probability, which… ummm… now has gone up considerably.”
I listed every last one of them.
“Wait. It’s stopped!”
“Give me the mobile.”
I would not tell him I was secretly glad of it. I was just beginning to admit to myself that it had been part of a deliberate mechanisation to portray him as undesirable in one manner in particular-- a poor object of conquest for the more determined members of the fair sex. Eventually, I would tell him so, as well as the reasoning which lay behind it, but not at this moment.
I am making progress. Words on the page can only help matters.
“How did she imply you were not being authentic?”
"Why? If we don't negatively affect each other by our presence, why should it be any different for John?"
Sherlock nodded.
221B flash fic for 221 Be Here on Facebook.
"Do you not see the issue?"
“John’s right. A waste of time trying to pinpoint it. So. We can get police to surround the elevators, as before…”
Sherlock opened his mouth eagerly, enveloping John with a sigh, taking to it as if he had been waiting for this moment for years. Maybe he had been. Damn, was he ever good at this. Not as awkward as the kissing had been, but then again it was easy to see the effect this was having as John let his own noises escape his throat. John has spent too much of his time giving head, often as a sort of warm-up activity, make them come right at the beginning and they’ll not be disappointed, that he had forgotten just how good it felt. He revelled in it. Pushing forward, John found himself fighting off the hazy waves of pleasure. He wanted his mouth, yes, but not only his mouth. John wanted to reach for Sherlock’s cock, to lick at his chest some more, to push himself inside his body and... and... just, do everything, all at once. John moved backward, popping quickly out of Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock again pursued him, but John told him as amazing as that was, and god was it ever, there was more to tr— to catalogue. More to catalogue.
John's preself seemed to have suddenly found some very interesting, nonexistent thing in precisely the opposite direction and wandered down the hallway. John ignored him. "Your wrist escape trick worked perfectly, by the way. I don't think Moran is exactly a hardened criminal here either, just an informant. His son, on the other hand…."
He looked surprised. “If it is what I believe it to be, it is progressing more rapidly than I thought. I’m glad you brought me here.” He moved forward and halted at the foot of his bed. “Mr. Holmes? Can you hear me?”
John. And you can't convince me John can't be injured simply because he is not native to this universe. I will not risk his life on a technicality, or an untested supposition of fact, however poetic the Fates and their shears. The fact that I haven't heard from John yet means they are
Sonnet 29
“Ah, I see. Food is a necessary ingredient.”
The preself glanced at the carpet, eyeing the familiar acid stain Sherlock had commented upon during his last visit to his past. "I...had my doubts," he mumbled. He looked back up and locked eyes with John. "I mean, I knew all about you. I read it all. I even got as far as figuring out your name. But... I never anticipated you'd stay."
“Not in this instance. The best advice I can offer is to keep a level head. Our emotions will be used against us. We are inside an experiment.”
It was Sherlock’s preself who broke the silence. “Well, I think it’s safe to say whoever set it all up didn’t see this coming.”
His eyes stopped wiggling and he looked at me.
“I bet you’re hungry.”
I had never before questioned what was written of Sherlock as in any way inaccurate. Doctor Watson seemed to me a quite honest and straightforward man. I said as much.
"Are you saying you were not?"
“Funny,” said John’s preself. “I’d say it was a very, very strong pull in a physical sense. But I can’t see me getting much more than that from him. And I want more than that.” He paused. “Not to say it wasn’t a worthwhile experience.”
So it must be someone who would not have chosen him. Would not return the sentiment. But in that case, why the warning? Why a reminder to not pursue if rejection were, in fact, ensured? It made little sense.
A fool’s opinion matters not to kings.
“And why is that a problem?”
No one wants anything to do with a dog
you wanted tea, right? And here's your biscuits!"
"Because I wanted to still be of value to you. For you to care about my life. For you to come here. And I knew you would, if I was you. I also needed to find out if I did… change things from our last meeting. If that is something I should be concerned about when I travel.” The preself’s features darkened. “If John was still around. It seems as if I may never have one at all. A John. You did made me think having one was something special. I suppose it must be.” The preself added, “for you,” in what was most likely meant to have sounded like an afterthought. “I have not seen evidence of a Sherlock Holmes here. There is a John, however. Quite possibly a John without a Sherlock. I wonder if he feels as if he is lacking something intangible. I don't think I would have, had I not known."
I, doubtless, shall face my penance within the pages of The Strand. For now, I will rely, as per my usual, upon my boyish charm.
Finally, finally, John heard Sherlock speak. Quietly at first. Tentative. As if speaking would somehow break the spell. “John…” Into the pillows at first, then more clearly, his upper body lifting off the bed as his muscles tensed. Then loud enough for John to hear clearly. “John! Oh, yes, that’s… Ah!”
Holmes approached the bell pull and rang for supper.
"Fine, yeah. Okay. Talk about Mary Fraser. Talk about her all you want. So far we are pretty much on the same... life path... then."
My feet seemed to know their way while my mind continued to whirl. Before long, I found myself at his Baker Street address.
“Fine. Ummm… teapot.” It was almost four.
John looked at both preselves, wondering what happens to them now. He and Sherlock would go back home. That was a given. But that was never Sherlock’s preself’s goal. Too boring. A moment wondering if he had been preventing his Sherlock form a more stimulating life flickered right past him and he laughed as it shooed itself away.
Sherlock instinctively knew arguing would be pointless. Besides, John was the one who was skilled at moral appeals. He’d kill time until John came back, and then he could fix this too. He recalled his Self’s double entendre.
Sherlock: "What is this monstrosity?"
He laughed at that, and it had seemed to me I was destined to be repeatedly confronted with my literary assaults upon Holmes's character. In one of my more popular stories, I mentioned he seldom laughed. This could not be further from the truth. The man seemed to find everything amusing, much to my detriment. Perhaps that rebuke was, in fact, wishful thinking.
“Let me remove the word numerous. It’s misleading in this context. Leave it as ‘one of your girlfriends’.”
Perhaps sensing John's honest repentance, Sherlock added, "And, I do know Tchaikovsky particularly well. I preferred German composers initially. Balanced, methodical. I once believed, along with his many critics, that Tchaikovsky was overindulgent, far too emotional. But, the man put every emotion out there for all to feel right along with him. Sometimes... it is helpful. Russians... feel... in ways the English do not."
"Yes. Music only served to keep you alive. Doesn't matter." He cleared his throat. "Well, I do need you for a case, as I had begun to explain. Matilda Briggs has met up with another Traveller. They were introduced outside of Dr Weise's office. Amazing how frequently people with destructive tendencies seem to find each other! Now Briggs has shown Sebastian Moran how to manipulate time."
I nodded. Holmes gestured for me to sit down. I reluctantly complied.
Sherlock nodded and cautiously made his way toward his bedroom.
and so cold
“Good day, Sherlock,” I said, as I let loose a small curtsy and took my leave.
A voice filled the cabin. “This is your pilot, Captain Mike Stamford. We will begin our descent into Heathrow in about ten minutes. On behalf of myself and this London-based crew, we hope you have enjoyed your flight.”
“OK, fine. No Hitler again, I forgot, okay? So, if you wanted to, ummm--”
“Time to check the front desk,” said Sherlock’s preself. “Should we do 'takeaway'?"
Sherlock still looked stunned as his preself continued. John had neatly swapped his shock for anger.
“Good.” John grinned. “So any soreness you may feel in the morning is gonna be from me.” He watched Sherlock’s eyes widen ever so slightly as John moved in beside the bed and traced his finger along Sherlock’s thigh. There was the lightest pink mark from the dye where it had soaked through the fabric. “Anything I need to know?” John asked. He couldn’t imagine Sherlock had much experience with sex. Anything would have made sense in his youth, though, from being embarrassed at the prospect, to a lack of interest when compared to other intellectual curiosities. Any experimentation seemed more likely to have been with chemistry sets than with sexual partners. But then again, maybe not. Sherlock could be...intense. And he certainly wasn’t hesitant about using his body as a testing ground.
“Of course, of course," the preself said quickly. "Lots of lives. The diversion is of secondary importance.”
“It turned out that way, yes.” He added three careful drops of a solution to his test tube. The clear liquid turned crimson.
“Won’t he suspect something?”
Sherlock cocked his head and looked at his preself. “But there was a second critical error.”
O stranger of the future!
"No, no, I do now. With you, it's...it's different. And I don't mean to imply that you are my exception. Not like that. Not like you are the only man I've ever felt anything for. I mean...I mean it isn't about that. It's that you are the only person I have any desire to actually share this experience with. Even with myself it was, practice. That's all it was. And, eventually, a sort of reconciliation. I had to accept me as I was. Develop some semblance of trust. Maybe you should aim for a similar outcome?"
At home, I was determined to prevent the shedding of tears by bolstering my anger sufficiently to prevent any other emotion from surfacing. Surely even a mechanical man knew the value of some womanly arts. Of housekeeping? Cooking? Of course I was rubbish at such things, but at least the promise of food must have some universally understood value, for what bachelor establishment could run without a decent cook?
Featured like him, like him with friends possessed,
Featured like him, like him with friends possessed,
“No.” Sherlock scrambles to head off the misconception which he sees the beginnings of, etched in John’s browline. “No, I mean, I don’t drink. Bad for the work. Alcohol dulls the senses. Is there another socially acceptable thing to do?”
“Move it to the side, away from the open channel,” Sherlock's preself said. “That way most of the blast, should it occur before the authorities arrive, is absorbed by the walls and rubble. It will be like the blasts they used to excavate when the tunnel was built.” They moved it into place.
"Not exactly. And as it turns out, I could have died anyway. So, so much for your little favour. The way I see it, I owe you less than nothing. If there is another Sherlock floating around here somewhere, let him deal with his own John."
There is a line that refers to Daddy Kink. It’s not a dynamic featured in this story at all but it is something I find personally squicky/borderline triggery depending on my mood, so I am just throwing in a quick heads up in here. (John and I argued about him wanting to say it, and John won.)
Being a young woman, I could tell him what each of his mismatched flowers meant. I did not know much of tulips without referencing my book, but any woman knew yellow was hardly an auspicious color for any bouquet. A yellow rose, for example, was for jealousy or infidelity. Comprising the outer orbit of the arrangement, far more visible, was a flower I immediately recognised as hyssop, and knew to mean a great sacrifice. No man would know such things! They would simply ask a florist to create a well-designed bouquet to serve their amorous pursuits. It was up to us women to interpret them correctly. Much depended on it.
Concerning your letter, I find no discourtesy in your actions to date. I can picture the smirk upon Sherlock’s face, knowing its content. In truth, Sherlock’s only need for tradition lies in his having something against which to rail. Though he will simply find it amusing, please know that I am indeed touched by the gesture, as I am also touched by his refusal to have tampered with this or to have disposed of it altogether.
"I will most certainly add 'scheming'. As of now, I am debating whether it is a fault or an attribute. At least you use your unsurpassed talent for annoyance in the service of the greater good."
And there was something almost magical in that which was entirely unexpected. John had thought only of the view, which was, admittedly, stunning, but watching Sherlock move, seeking out the spots which brought him the most pleasure, well… It had been quite a while since he had done this, and a simple change of position really did matter. Sherlock was far less single-minded than John. John still raced to the end with high intensity, but Sherlock seemed to meander, enjoying adjusting himself to different angles. It was amazing in every way. Time itself seemed to slip away as he watched Sherlock move. Removed from the responsibility of actively providing pleasure, John closed his eyes and concentrated on the sensations, but soon found he much prefered having them open. He hesitated before grabbing Sherlocks hips with a certain reverence. Soon he was thrusting up, and Sherlock grinding down, the two of them becoming more and more breathless and then John felt just as determined to rush toward the finish as ever. John wrapped his hand around Sherlock’s cock as he groaned his approval. And then it was all rush and release as Sherlock, looking sweat-sheened from the exertion, a magical glimmer, fell forward toward John’s lips and kissed him some more. The sloppier, sated kisses that came along with surrender. They rested together, John bearing Sherlock’s weight, till he felt uncomfortably pinned and shifted to the side. He stroked Sherlock’s hip.
“Okay then. Tell me if—“
Sherlock seemed to have spent most of the day in the kitchen. He was occasionally cursing, sometimes rather loudly, and when John had asked him what he was working on he had stopped for just long enough to explain it had to do with how different blood types reacted to a chemical he was developing. Something about being able to see which blood splatters belonged to which person without samples going through a more formal, and slower, lab test. John asked a perfectly reasonable question regarding what might happen if the blood found on the scene was all the same type, could it still be recognised as being from different people?— like if they were both A or both O— and Sherlock made a noise that stopped just short of a whine. “It’s a temporary measure, John. To not have to wait for lab results. It won’t work every time, obviously!”
John gave the 17 steps to their landing a glare to convey his exasperation and sighed. Not because he couldn’t carry Sherlock, (he was tall, yes, but thin and wiry) but because his mind was flooded with images of them leaning against the wall in the hallway. That first case. That first time he had turned to Sherlock and saw… something. Something ripe with potential. Something brilliant and bold and absolutely wonderful. He had wasted so much time in getting to the point where he could finally do something about it. To take that risk.
"Yeah, not likely to happen again." John wanted to test his Self, but talking about his own life did seem like an unnecessary risk. There had to be a way around it. Figure out if he was as much of an arse as he thought he'd be. Maybe just, ignorant? Is there much of a difference? He had another way. "And Sherlock is with someone as well,” he added.
John's preself pushed forward and backed Sherlock's against the wall, kissing him fiercely. Apparently, kissing was a gender-neutral skill, or at least Sherlock’s preself thought that had been John II's opinion on the matter, though the way John II opened his mouth against his and sucked on his tongue made him feel as if it was something else entirely. Instead of letting out a gasp, Sherlock's preself grabbed his head as if holding him in place for more and then abruptly pivoted his body so that John's preself was now the one backed against the wall. Neither said a word; his tongue was in a vice grip, and Sherlock's preself felt a bit, well, almost dizzy. This was quite different from the carefully orchestrated moves he had made with his postself  previously. The reactions were far more intense, spontaneous. John's preself's tongue was matched in its intensity by Sherlock's preself's hips, pressing forward. They broke apart and Sherlock’s preself made a few quick adjustments to his shirt and John’s preself’s trousers before they hurried to catch up with their other selves.
some with a knee, others with the sole of a boot.
I will wait
"Relatives!"
“Well, it would be inhuman of me not to offer my expert opinion, wouldn’t it?”
Sherlock is my junior and, as befits the situation, matters of our estate and other petty family concerns fall to me. That is the full extent of my role in loco parentis. I am not in possession of his hand to impart to you, and whilst I am assuredly a man of strong traditions, they do not extend so far as this.
"I just thought--" Sherlock had been trying hard not to express the regret he felt. The defensiveness his preself projected made it all the more clear he wanted no form of intimacy, neither physical nor psychological. And, besides, Sherlock was all too aware he had abandoned him. No. Worse. He had loved him and then abandoned him.
partner is defined differently when reimagined outside a penetrative dynamic and restructure in terms of enveloping and—”
Making small circles at his entrance, John pushed forward slowly, waiting for Sherlock’s body to yield. A series of short gasps, not pain, more like a sort of bewilderment. When he was fully seated, a sigh. Deep and resonant. It sent a shiver right to John’s core. Yes. Finally. Yes.
I have been assured, in no uncertain terms, that this letter is entirely unnecessary; that I should not expect to receive warning that my conduct must remain above reproach, lest I find myself in something akin to permanent exile; indeed, that it is perhaps inappropriate that I should send this at all. Still, it is my desire to convey a far greater degree of respect than I have hereto demonstrated during our all-too-brief acquaintance. My dear Holmes has also informed me that he is, in your eyes, no delicate blossom in need of protection courtesy of thinly-veiled threats (though he did chuckle and say that, if such threats were to be made, they would not be idle ones).
“Doctor Watson, a holding station can take many forms, and while my brother believes all the monitoring equipment is essential, I do not. And you have made two critical errors. First… consider how much more advanced our civilization would have been by now if not for the destruction of key bits of scientific information from the distant past. The burning of the Library of Alexandria? The Dark Ages? Is it so inconceivable to you that the “past”, then, should have had advances that were lost when, for example, the woman who discovered the entire process fled into another dimension to protect herself, and was not able to record the methods by which to structure a replica of your own preferred space to serve as a holding station?”
"What! Surely you don't think I am above charitable--"
He had absolutely overestimated Sherlock’s experimental nature. Really, he was, when it came down to it, an intensely private man who was still relatively new to sex and unlikely to suggest anything too radical. Sherlock looked uncomfortable, which made John all the more determined to prove to him that lovers could accommodate each other’s needs, and it was fine to ask for something unusual. For some reason, his mind flashed back to some sort of comedy routine about throwing onion rings on their partner’s erect penis. Or was that something from an actual advice columnist? He didn’t even know. And kink might not even be based in sexual acts anyway. John folded his hands onto his lap and looked as serious as possible. “Go ahead. Please.”
John texted Lestrade.
next to
There were important cases at stake. He had always known Sherlock had located those Pembroke letters entirely too quickly for a neophyte.
John laughed.
“Right”
John could hear Sherlock walking towards the bedroom as he called out, “All resolved! The case, and his annoyance!” He stopped in the doorway, his dressing gown draped loosely at his sides, revealing that he wore nothing beneath. He looked at the pillows and his brow wrinkled slightly.
"Bomber. As before, yes?"
again
The rest of the day had been uneventful. Sherlock had been reading and rereading the papers, relentlessly searching for anything out of the ordinary which could have even the remotest chance of turning into a case. John had suggested earlier that he go to the morgue. Well, what he had said was something more like, “Why don’t you go beat a corpse again if you are so bored. I can’t stand you when you’re like this.”
Omare was doing remote schoolwork, but his teachers had been merciful and gave him a packet at the beginning of the week, due by the end. He did it all by Wednesday, and it was Friday. I think. Time had lost its grip on me already. It didn’t help that I hadn’t seen him since the lockdown. I couldn’t fathom exposing him to that risk, not when he could ride this thing out with his mom.
John had no problem carrying him to the pavement. Not really. It just felt right to complain about it a bit first. After all, seeing his life flash before his eyes as Clay pulled out a gun had only served to remind him how much he wanted Sherlock in that life—always. How much Sherlock had been in his life so far. How much more he wanted of him. In those few seconds, John knew how much he absolutely loved the man. And then Sherlock had gone and got himself shot. So much for a romantic post-case confession. He was too furious, and too worried, and too...every emotion under the sun. Getting him home and taking his trousers off was, sadly, still in order. But the context was entirely wrong.
Sherlock ignored John’s preself and dialed up Mycroft’s private number. A paint shop picked up the line. Sherlock disregarded the blind and asked for Antarctica. They all heard the reply over the mobile’s earpiece: “We have ‘Polar Ice’. Is that what you mean? What brand is it?”
I turned to face him then, schooling the bitter disappointment in myself from my features. "Holmes," said I, "I do still recall your previous assertions on this topic, but regardless, I fear I have perpetrated a grave injustice with my callous presentation."
. I had made the best of it and conformed to his wishes without full agreement or even complete understanding, just as I would later do at his behest when he requested I leave all notices of his passing out of the papers. Thought dead when alive and alive when dead, Sherlock Holmes. It still makes me smile when I think of it.
“Yes.”
In any case, I had told him separate quarters miles apart suited me fine. That I wished to continue concentrating on my practice whilst I was still young enough to do so had the ring of truth, and hence I could claim my remaining in London was an ideal situation. I boarded up any of my lingering hopes, as the deeper relationship we were perpetually on the verge of acknowledging was dashed to bits against those deceptively romantic, pale cliffs.
I barely heard it and wrapped myself in the robe as I hurried, dripping, out of the shower.
She frowned. This angel wasn't living up to her expectations.
"There may be other explanations,” said Sherlock
"I am quite aware."
“You thought I was straight because I wasn’t about to have a bathroom rendezvous? Terribly cramped, those things.”
“And if the countdown has already started?” said John’s preself. “Then what? Something tells me the answer isn’t actually, ‘Get the hell out of here’”
“Let me rest here a moment,” Sherlock said, and he leaned against the very same spot on the wall.
Sherlock left the room, and John waited a while for his return. It wasn’t the first, nor, John hoped, would it be the last time Sherlock had what he had once referred to as ‘post-coital inspiration’. John was proud of this, too. His small contribution to Sherlock’s genius.
: 'I made no remark, however. But sat nursing my wounded leg. I had had a Jezail bullet through it some time before, and though it did not prevent me from walking, it ached wearily at every change of weather.'”
Furthermore, it had been Holmes's idea-- living apart during retirement for the sake of propriety. After all, we were no longer working together, so why should we be living together? I strongly disagreed from the start, but I had kept that sentiment to myself. I see in hindsight that perhaps the suggestion was a sort of proving ground. That I was meant to have protested. But instead I had told myself, as I far-too-frequently have done,
“No. I wasn’t.”
“Clearly, because
Sherlock waves dismissively at the magazine. “Nothing but hairstyles, celebrity interviews with people I’ve never heard of, and sex tips. I couldn’t care less what women want in bed.”
"What does being in a bubble have to do with it?" asked John.
Not yet. Give me 5 minutes.
We ate in what should have been amiable silence, as we had so many times before, but it seemed somehow strained. It was a fine meal indeed.
I would show him the back of my hand, and he would turn aside.
“I am very serious. Hand it over.” Sherlock holds his hand out, arching his palm slightly, and John places the mobile in it. Then he holds it flat on his lap, so John can see the screen easily, and texts.
the sweetness
“You have plenty of time,” said John. “Sometimes you find what you are meant to do later in life. After trying a few things out. Try some things out. Keep an open mind.”
The preself ignored the comment. “Remember what I said before? There are some worlds that don't have a form of us in them at all. There are some where you two never meet—”
"Who doesn't know Nutcracker, John? Honestly! The conductor is overly ambitious to not have substituted an easier arrangement. I would think they are playing it in its entirety, and more likely than not as accompaniment for dancers-- but that was too much of a longshot to risk confirming. I do still have a reputation to uphold. But as for the piece, I've played it countless times in orchestra." Sherlock turned to face John directly, and what could almost be categorized as a slow anger crept into his features. "Why does everyone always assume I've never done any group activities? Never went to school? Never
John gave Sherlock’s preself a sharp glare and then turned toward Sherlock, concerned. Seeing him still a bit dazed and not paying much attention at all to the conversation, John turned toward his preself again. “You don’t know her well enough to judge that.That she would know you better than you know yourself is a given.”
"And therein lies the experiment. Yours, theirs. I haven’t yet tried.”
“Watson. You have many things you are remarkably good at, but I hope even you will admit lying isn’t one of them. It was a terrible thing to have done, but I saw no other way.”
"He's already been briefed on time travel protocol. I am not so sure it would be wise to place us in a bubble this time, since I am, or should I say.... willed be?," Sherlock smiled broadly, "in an active investigation."
Well, Sherlock would be back soon at least. John cleaned up the mess of newspapers strewn across the kitchen table and washed the breakfast plates. Sherlock came home about 25 minutes later.
Sherlock was silent for a moment, then spoke. "You readily admit you are uncertain. However, you are beyond confident that we don't influence each other's ultimate course simply by being aware of each other's existence, or by knowing each other's path?”
“Never a good reason to risk your life, Sherlock!”
I started to move the goggles and gloves off the table to clear some space when Holmes hollered again. “Dammit, man! Are you trying to have me get up and run over there? You know I can’t stand when you mess with my things, but there you are, just waiting ‘till I‘m weak enough for you to go fidgeting around when you know it makes me anxious and all I want to do is get some goddamn rest! Didn’t they teach you that at med school? To let your patient relax and to not antagonize him!? Leave my things alone! As if it makes a goddamn bit of difference what the table looks like when you are just about to leave! Now, go wash your stupid-ass hands and get the hell out of here!”
Sherlock placed his other hand on the chair as well and leaned forward over it toward John. “That fancy paper is a first degree black belt in Judo. I could take you in a fight, John.”
“Well, if I only wanted that, I would have kept us all in my own dimension and we'd be solving the case with the cheating university students. Instead, we are here, and about to prevent a major terrorist attack. If you don’t let yourself get distracted.”
"I... am at a loss. You believe that ridiculous scenario may yet come true."
"The other John?"
“I was bored.”
but it was
Sherlock watched John’s face carefully the whole time he had been speaking, and it unnerved him. Meanwhile, John’s mind went into overdrive.
“Seems in keeping with your past actions.”
“Oh, are you ever on a roll this morning. Do go on.”
SHERLOCK STOP I SHALL NOT ENGAGE IN UNNECESSARY THEATRICS STOP I HAVE WORK ABROAD STOP DEVISE YOUR OWN THREATS IF NEED BE STOP
you are
"Can you move your fingers?"
I gave my card to the venerable Mrs Hudson, one of the few with my actual name upon it, and fidgeted with the seam of the bodice upon my rather plain dress. I was not wearing the elaborate gown of Miss Viola Everseau, nor her wig, faintest rouge, and birthmark. I looked as plain as ever, certain my nose once more commandeered my face in a less-than-regal manner. This was in part because I wished to see Sherlock whilst I was dressed as my true self, and in part because I wished to maintain that disguise, should the meeting prove unfavourable. I was led upstairs to the parlour.
“Well. Stay here. Wait.”
Sherlock let out a sharp cry and reached blindly for John’s hands, grasping them tightly as his body trembled. John’s preself slid forward in anticipation. Sherlock barely managed to form “I” from his exhaled breath before the sound deteriorated into something far more like a whine. He came, then slouched backwards into John, who wrapped his arms around him and pulled him against his chest. “I’ve got you,” he said again and kissed his shoulder. “You OK?” Sherlock rolled his head to look up at John and smiled in response. “Good.” Then, a full minute later, Sherlock lifted his head again to look at John’s preself. He smiled at him as well. The preself only stared, mesmerised.
“Shut up and pull,” said John. “It could start again at any moment.”
John felt his chest collapse inward as he felt a sort of lingering queasiness over having made such a rash judgment, and he apologised. Being counted, in any way, amongst those who thought Sherlock cold, calculating and incapable of working alongside others made him furious at himself. He once thought Sherlock simply didn't feel things in the same way other people did. It embarrassed him to think how very wrong he had been. He was far from outgoing, of course, but so was John, and no one ever assumed he didn't have a perfectly normal childhood. Which was kind of ironic because in many ways, he learned later in life, he hadn't. Still, there was always something other-worldly and magical about Sherlock. Seeing him as an ordinary man was still difficult. And ordinary wasn't the right word, either. But human-- yes. And, moreso this year than every before, with its upheavals, struggles...deaths.
Sherlock thought about this. “We need to be sure they are safe before we handle the disarming. And it seems likely, however complacent Lord Augustus Moran had been in my timeline, that this younger one joining him this time around— his son Sebastian, the disgraced colonel —  would prefer there be no witnesses. Besides, you said before that we need a Holmes and Watson together to improve our chances of success.”
"No, I didn't mean in that sense...I ...mean it is odd that he is here and perhaps we should....figure out more before we talk to him."
The preself scoffed. "What I am like is a thoroughly obnoxious graduate chemist who pilfers things from the lab, which he then uses to run experiments to help him understand a profession he has somehow carved out for himself because he can't do anything else. Yes, points for ingenuity and perseverance, but minus several for being a thief and an addict with less than six months' sobriety just now putting some flesh onto his bones and throwing the whole mess of it into a suit he cajoled out of his brother."
“Are they all women?”
Sug. You
"I am well aware."
"Yes, but John doesn't."
My Dearest Brother,
“Nevermind. Change!”
for lunch
“I’m not his
"Such as...?"
I think perhaps I had blushed when I admitted to my simple wish for us to have continued our bachelor establishment. A weak argument from one who had already been married, certainly. I had found myself less capable of concealing my stronger passions ever since that damnable moment when a certain bookseller suggested a volume to fill a gap within my shelf and I turned back to find my dearest
John sighed, "Give it a rest, would you?", and headed downstairs without giving Sherlock’s preself so much as a glance.
"You didn't! Etta James?” the preself stammered.
no matter how medieval or flannel the clothes you may wear,
features, you might just be a bit... transparent. Do add something about the lady as well. Golden-haired blonde, blue-eyed, perfect complexion. That sort of thing."
Sherlock’s preself emerged, looking, not as if he had just emerged from a rather elicit foursome, and tugged down on his suit jacket. “Wishing you well in your respective futures,” he said. He took his time travel device from his front pocket and placed it upon the nightstand. “They will give me another one when I accompany Moran.”
"I am well aware you foiled a previous criminal attempt by Moran,” the preself said. “I need you to do it once more."
for breakfast
partner and the
I grimaced at the memory. Perhaps that was also why I had thrown my copy upon the table.
The lift opened to reveal John Watson, who had his fingers on his mobile, about to send word of their escape as soon as reception permitted. His preself was standing to his left.
Or if one was uncertain of the sentiments of the other?
"Yes. Different you." Sherlock's preself assessed him quickly. "So. Have you tried it?"
I most certainly did not. I shook my head and barely hid my disdain. That he had requested them made all the sense in the world, for no florist in their right mind would choose such flowers. Sherlock knew nothing of their hidden secrets. Such was the domain of women; it lay beyond his feeble grasp. As did my need to preserve my freedom at all costs. Reasoning with him would be an impossibility, and I was a fool to have ever thought otherwise.
“Well. When should we do this?”
friend grinning at me. Then, I had fainted. Now, I was apparently blushing. "Though examine it I shall," said I. I thought the matter concluded, and felt a great deal of relief.
I was afraid to leave him alone in this state.
“Sparkling,” I reply. Watson nods and orders the same; he requires a restorative as well.
“I’m on my way.”
“No. Will I?”
who is incapable of drawing correct conclusions
“Ok, I can’t claim to know much about the case, but it seemed to me the sex was more than fine.”
"Here's the thing about repetitive events across timelines. They tend to be... repetitive. This is a job for a Holmes and a Watson."
“It’s a stupid nickname.” John fiddled with his beans, scooping them onto the toast. “Why, exactly, are you bringing this up?”
John had a hell of a time pinning those wrists up over Sherlock’s head with only one hand. It almost gave him pause. He was sleeping with a fucking giant with wrists the size of his calves. But he grabbed a wrist tightly and put a bit of his forearm into keeping the other in place, and all was well.
“What the fuck was that all about?”
“We could claim we had some mutual friend...”
“They won’t be able to help me.”
"Met Mary Fraser. Nice girl, Mary. Golden hair, those deep blue eyes--"
I had thought the matter resolved, so I was shocked when the package I nearly stumbled over upon my doorstep turned out to be an advance copy of "The Lion's Mane", the contents of which amounted to, amongst other things, rather precise directions to Holmes's house out there on the lonely Downs. After all my careful obscurification of the true location of anything, save our consulting rooms! The only accurate locations I had mentioned during all my years as Sherlock Holmes's chronicler were those Baker Street rooms and Reichenbach Falls (as I thought at that point preserving secrecy scarcely mattered).
Doyle had suggested I embellish the narrative with additional descriptions of his compassion toward women, children, the poverty-stricken, to make Holmes appear more amiable, but Holmes had only criticised my earlier attempts at doing so. "I believe there is something to this image, Watson," he had said back when my earliest stories were published, "If intelligence and compassion are thought to be at odds by your readership, I would far prefer being thought of as wise and surprising clients with my compassion than the reverse."
“Then we have to move the car out of this location to a more remote tunnel,” answered Sherlock.
"Oh. You are wondering which one you ended up being, aren't you? The one who...gives it, or the one who takes it.”
But it is
The preself passed Sherlock and cut off his path, pulling out from his inner coat pocket an object which resembled a very tiny remote control. “Actually, you do. So if we can't stop it, we press this, and we fade. Your John, followed by you, followed by me— before the explosion.”
“I have often said you have this penchant for romanticising cases. It’s because that’s what writers do. And you are a writer moreso than a chronicler, much to my chagrin at times. And you wanted it to work somehow. But it is not their destiny. No reflection on us whatsoever.”
“No. I’ve got nothing to say to you. I’ve got something to show you.”
“I was hoping so. There was a lot of planning involved to arrange it so I would end up having sex with you. If you want to be mad for awhile, I suppose it is warranted, but… I was rather hoping the cause for the deception would make it more palatable.”
The preself took up right where Sherlock left off. “Monitor the floors. Watch the elevators. At some point he will leave this hotel and we need to intercept him.”
“So do we all go in and check it out? I mean whether we are inside the thing or not, we’d still be toast if it goes off,” John’s preself said.
The response was faster this time, the phones from the same timeline somehow synching up more efficiently?
“Well. I am admittedly less, practiced. But the important thing to keep in mind is those Johns are not of equal value.”
"Look, you two go enjoy... yourself. I'm going to go grab some food from the vending machines. This travelling stuff is making me hungry, and I know you both won't be eating anything on a case, so.... Hash it all out, and then let me know what we're gonna do." John headed to the lift.
Kinkkmeme : Sherlock and John in your hometown.
There was little point in denying it. "And if I was? That is hardly an excuse for me to speak ill of a close friend of yours, now departed."
"And here I was, thinking you were determined to present only completely factual accounts."
“So, I suppose this is where I do something foolhardy to earn your trust.” He sighed. “Fine. I will help you."
“Fine. It isn’t. And I will try to let it go that you filed an observation about my driving away for a good five years. How did you get to continents?”
going from one detective to another
"No, I most certainly do not."
“So that was what you were trying to prove. That you are of equal value to me. That’s why you were so determined to find the information on your own.”
Part One
Love,
Holmes closed his eyes and I moved a little closer when he did and tried to get some more intel on his state. Dry lips and skin, clearly dehydrated. Thin sheen of sweat across his forehead. I couldn't place the look in those glossy eyes. I’d seen it before, when he was lost in thought, but this time it looked more like he wasn’t quite connected to reality. Reminded me of opiates, and I didn’t like it one bit.
John: Yeah. The contract was written in inches.
refuse
“No. This will be better,” Sherlock insisted.
“That’s easy,” said Sherlock’s preself. “Think of what you most like doing. I want to learn how the universe works.”
“As you say, absolutely.”
They began to search for the room, but the hotel was a maze of interconnected hallways; the numbering had stopped and started again round dead end hallways, creating a nearly non-sequential effect. The preself walked toward a fire escape chart plastered to the wall by the stairwell. “Looks like that room number is accessible only through the North Tower. Back down, then over, then up again. Unnecessarily complicated. But somehow fitting to be held in a tower, I suppose.” He walked toward a lift tucked away in the corner and hit the call button.
“You both watch too many movies,” said Sherlock’s preself.
even the minor characters, push him away.
Did you know she was a good friend of Mummy's? Mummy's maths skill was essential to the early days of the TTP. Oh, and Dr Weise was also the driving force behind your promotion to the position you currently occupy. Well, that along with your not being an idiot, most of the time, and that you may be depended upon not to go mucking about in the time stream. Unlike myself. And then there was the fact that I recommended you to her. I needed easier access.
"So they say, " he replied. Only one John Watson was up for this conversation.
Remember those early ones I took on for you? The cases you thought I couldn't possibly have solved on my own? Perhaps I didn't. There are a few key documents which, should I fail to locate them, could retroactively plunge the whole of Europe into chaos. Of course, if you feel like not sending me back and would prefer to risk altering the course of history, I suppose you could be stubborn about it.
He grabbed the bag and headed toward Sherlock’s room.
"I was practicing slipping between worlds."
But everyone pushes her away,
"It wasn't my preference, but there often was no violist, and the instructor suspected, and later confirmed, that I was able to transpose as I played. Alto clef is a note higher, and octave lower."
“Holmes? The private investigator?”
“Ok, bye.”
"I didn't either. But things are different now."
agreed I should not join Holmes in retirement in Sussex. And lest I find his clandestine message that it was
“Well, he shouldn't have gone after him.”
It was meant as idle chat, but Holmes surprised me with a definitive answer. “Wellington."
"No. I am doing fine in my relationship, thanks."
“Hey. Look, I’m sorry. But it was an honest mistake.”
He turned some more pages. “‘ Whence came Toby, and a six-mile limp for a half-pay officer with a damaged tendo Achillis', that one was attributed to me, by the way."
“Jackson won’t help us. He’d only make things worse. Leave him here with me. I’ll see that he doesn’t cause any trouble.”
“I most certainly am not! And thank you for dragging me out of my afterglow.”
"Been done already. If you really wish to throw them off the scent, you should-- forgive the impertinence-- find yourself another wife.”
“No.”
Sherlock nodded. “I’d like to be on top.”
Holmes sighed. "You have described your wound as a Jezail bullet shattering your shoulder. You have also described it as a Jezail bullet in a limb in which the bullet, or at least fragments of it, remains lodged. You go on to mention that a Jezail bullet went through your leg, leaving it aching in bad weather. And then you have me, who is never wrong," he grinned that grin I knew all too well, "state that you had a damaged tendo Achillis."
“I’ll just, get ready then.”
"And if you aren't exactly into giving or getting, well, there you are. Easy."
“Don’t care about her,” mumbled Sherlock. “I don’t exist in this universe, and neither does Mycroft. She has no one to rail against here. I’d suspect it is just idle curiosity, to watch us for a bit. Right now, I don’t even care that my sister is a possible voyeur.”
"Sounds reasonable."
“I appreciate your spirit of adventure, John. Truly. And your trust. You should know that what I am asking for is nothing so elaborate.”
“Everything here!” John plunked down on the edge of the bed, as Sherlock reached down to undo his laces and get a bit of rest.
“Well, it’s nice to know Mycroft has some positive purpose.”
When we approached 221B, Smith seemed pretty agitated as the car slowed. Niecey was still hanging on the steps, playing some game on her phone. She glanced up at us both, frowned, and went right on tapping without a word.
She smiled, her eyes sparkling as confusion was supplanted by pride. "Thank you."
For thy sweet face remembered, such joy brings
I nodded and rang the bell, and the doorman eyed me dubiously. I flashed my badge with my thumb over where it would have said MD. “Doctor Watson here for a consult with Doctor Smith.” He smiled slowly, like he knew something I didn’t. It was unnerving, but I kept my cool. “He won’t be expecting me, but I assure you it is an urgent matter.”
John’s preself pushed himself forward. “Can it be moved?” Sherlock’s preself grinned. Sherlock stared at John’s preself, who continued to speak. “There are four of us here to lift it. Just because it was bolted into the frame of the car last time doesn’t mean it is now. So? Can it move?”
"When we get out, what do we do next?" asked the preself.
“And this is a bad thing because…”
"Then we get the hell out of there," Sherlock replied.
think I’d ordered new equipment, which I
“Yes, yes, a bad business, that.”
“I wanted you to give me some sort of version of a deathbed confession, yes. I did see that I could diffuse it, but not until I was staring at a rather unanticipated off switch.”
“Really? So he would be in a sort of... time limbo?”
"Did I say there was anything wrong with Mary Fraser?"
Sherlock sighed and started toward the lift once more. “You’re right. We need all our focus on the here and now. We need to rescue both Johns.” He pressed the button and waited what seemed like forever for the lift to make its way back down. Sherlock paced a bit before turning on his preself. “And your most helpful suggestion remains putting us all in danger, wait till things are at their worst, and fading out?”
There is yet another aphorism I wish to call to your careful attention. I, and in fact the whole of this great nation, owe our security to men like your Doctor Watson, as well as a debt of gratitude to his skill in wielding a sword on behalf of the Empire, but I am well aware that, in your view, it is eclipsed by how mighty his pen is. It is one you have long held. This view, perhaps somewhat unusual but no less valid, comes as no great surprise to one who has known of your nature from the start.
“In that window. He said when the light goes on, go round the corner and get Detective Stroud. He said he was hoping you’d be staying right here and to tell you, but to give you about 10 minutes before I came over. Or until you stopped pacing. Whichever came first.”
I am not a simpleton. And I daresay I knew Holmes well enough to ascertain when he was avoiding an issue. I pressed it. "And why should I ever have cause not to appreciate your company, Holmes?"
“Never.” John pinned Sherlock against the brick façade of the fireplace and started kissing him. “Maybe we could bump up our plans by a few hours?”
“And, she...thinks I’m not being...authentic.”
might have been). But I digress. My selfish action was in portraying Holmes as a cold and heartless automaton, when he was nothing of the kind. But simply because he wasn't as inhuman as a Babbage's machine doesn't mean the man wasn't as calculating as one-- and more than a bit ruthless.
“Look. You live in a miserable space over a pub. I could use a flatmate and you tolerate me more than most. Plus, you wanted to be adventurous without being too far over the line of normalcy.”
I bet nobody there likes Anderson either.
, Healthspring is a copyrighted name. They’re an insurance company, recently merged with Cigna. That was lingering in the back of your mind when you needed to create a return address label for an imaginary business. We always seek the familiar by instinct. It doesn't matter whether you confess or not. They have you in custody and now we know where to look for our evidence. The chain is complete. All I needed was to make sure I wasn’t missing any minor details about how you murdered your nephew, like some false alibi you’d brag about, which we would then have to take into consideration. But once Watson-- Watson.” He looked down at his hands, his fingers still showing the tiniest bit of what I now knew was Mrs. Hudson’s purple eyeshadow. “Lieutenant, are you finished? I need some recovery time. I assure you no food or drink has passed these lips in three days.”
“Goodnight, beautiful.”
who said some new readers might not be aware of my military service and I should be certain to mention it on subsequent occasions, as it would be a point of great reader interest if I were to -- oh, Holmes! Do you really think it true that so many might doubt me?" I sighed. "And it was many years between those mentions. I do recall thinking that naming the bullet was a more subtle, artistic way to convey that I was stationed in Afghanistan without bringing up any specific aspects of the campaign which some might find either boring or disquieting depending on the reader's experiences-- and.... And it was
Sherlock stared at the leaves on the floor as if he was giving them a moment to drift out the window of their own accord, then he picked them up and tossed them into the fireplace. “And now I won’t be quite as out of sorts. For tonight.”
He headed down the hallway in search of a maid's cart and pilfered a black plastic bag used for clothes to be sent out for dry cleaning, a notepad, a pen, and a tiny bottle of hand lotion. With no rollerball pens up front, this would have to do. Returning to the lobby, the preself strode right past and sat at the workcentre located down another corridor. He tore a sheet from the notepad, ripped off the hotel information on top and shoved it into his trouser pocket. Then he folded his jacket as neatly as possible and placed it in the bag. Finally, he unbuttoned a bit more of his shirt and tousled his hair.
Perhaps I could find suitable words at a later time. And not in person.
As the waiter turns away, I add “And as an aperitif— oysters.” I hope this will bring forth a smile to Watson’s grim features, and it does— for the briefest of moments— before fading again.
hoping for a pat on the head, a rub behind the ears,
who had abandoned
“Yes sir, Mr. Smith.”
“Okay, okay, bad news. Got it.”
“Importance to the work is not the only form of importance.” Sherlock turned away and headed to the lift, not even glancing back at his preself as he continued to speak. “Yes, you are absolutely right; this serves as further proof that you and I are not the same person.”
“I like it when you agree.” John headed to the bedroom. Sherlock’s phone pinged.
I winced. "Thrice...makes these so-called 'dedicated' readers think I either created a fiction or encountered some sort of magical single Jezail bullet which passed through my shoulder and one part of my leg, only to finally lodge itself within another part of my leg?"
It seemed far-fetched, but I had a duty to explore all possibilities. What if the flowers were not chosen without meaning in mind, but were rather chosen with an all-too-precise awareness of their meaning? Of all their meanings, in fact.
“Not the same.”
John explained he needed to hail a cab. He released his grip on Sherlock but he only leaned more into him, smelling faintly of that posh git shampoo. John loved that fucking shampoo. He loved those wild curls which were currently plastered against Sherlock’s pale face and he loved the way he was burrowing that face into John’s shoulder. He held him upright and managed to flag down a cab with one arm, the other wrapped around Sherlock’s thin frame. He kept it round him as he gently set Sherlock down in the back seat, then shut the door and went to the other side so Sherlock wouldn’t have to scoot toward the center of the cab.
The hospitality was intended to make me feel welcome and supported, and it did. It did. But it also reminded me of how much I missed my clinic. Convent was always like a second home to me, especially back when my first one was a car. And ain't nobody bringing brunch to my brothers and sisters at Convent. Still, those pancakes made the best dinner ever. A little treat before I tried for a few hours’ sleep and the day started up on me all over again.
John,” Sherlock said with a sneer. “I don’t limit my concern to
Missed Holmes, too. No telling what he was doing to our place, now that I wasn’t around to keep an eye on those more expansive experiments which eventually took over the whole living room. Just like his damn sticky notes when he was working a case.
"So you are,
“I told her I wasn’t exactly interested in dating anyone right now, and she said that was ‘complete and utter bollocks’. And I told her fine! I’d prove it wasn’t some fear thing. I’d talk to… that I’d talk to the first attractive man I saw. Just talk.” He shifts around in his seat. “To practice striking up a conversation! Not like asking strangers on dates, or anything! Just. Just to be able to chat someone up a bit, even if it went nowhere. I’m...I’m sorry.”
“I think, now that he has been thwarted, I can alert the local time authorities and make some adjustments to keep him out of this universe as a known criminal from another timelIne. He’ll have a record. I can be sure it is flagged.”
Had I missed something within the stories?
"I have difficulty picturing you playing anything but first violin."
Please
I all alone beweep my outcast state,
"I did."
Sherlock came in closer, placing his hand on the back of his own chair. “What?”
“Well, yes. That is true. I wanted to capture your interest.”
Sherlock spoke. "Yes, I understand."
John stopped struggling with the knots again and sighed. Sherlock was moments away from finding the room he thought John’s preself would have been in. And it will be empty. Of course he would be rescuing them instead of saving Parliament. He’d be searching for the right room, even if he had to bust down every door. Well, more likely pick every lock. But he wouldn’t just leave them, even though it was clear the father-son murder tagteam and their bomb was the more important thing to worry about.
Even the minor characters, who don’t realize he lowers the IQ of the entire street
that were in
I pulled out my phone. 25 minutes to bike, but I’d make it faster, and two showing up on the rack at Grand Army and Central Park South. Good thing I renewed the CitiPass last summer.
My brother was perhaps disinterested in love. Only in friendship. And what line lay between the two terms for him was beyond my comprehension. For anyone, for that matter. One could wish to spend a lifetime with a friend. One might never have another for whom they felt equal longing. And if that were mutual, who was to say that was not love? If both saw it as such?
Maybe we should go out. Like, really go out. At a fancy place with candles and all that shit. I think just suggesting it would be enough. He’d know. And he’d say yes or he’d change it to somewhere else and I could read into that. Ok, fine. If he gets through this, we get through this, that’s what I’ll do.
"Not at all. As a matter of fact, I think that was what made me curious enough to try it after all. But the younger me was far more interested in another type of physical rush. A more dependable one. Less emotionally complicated. I was able to...convince me...that this was an opportunity to try it out and still keep from getting convoluted. It... being me."
"Is there a point to this? I do not mention this more than a handful of times in well over 50 stories."
Desiring this man’s art and that man’s scope,
“Just. Smith,” he whispered. I wanted to pretend I didn’t hear it. But if he would see this guy, if he would listen to him just a little bit better if I wasn’t there-- Well, I owed him that much out of love, if nothing else. Whatever he needed. I told him I’d be back, and waited at the door. Right outside. With my ear to it. Couldn’t hear a damn thing.
“Do you have a clean line of sight of the stairs?”
“No. No, you couldn’t.”
"And you have no Watson."
. Are you that obtuse?"
"What? You act like that isn't worth thinking about."
Sherlock looked at the car once more and waited for the others to catch up and hear the plan. It was exactly where they had expected it to be, but no one took comfort in that fact. “If the switch isn't there, we will be forced to find Moran and retrieve the case before the detonation sequence begins.”
“Hello.”
Sherlock took his pen and made a C on the crudely-drawn map.
Sherlock's preself had been assessing John from the moment he entered the room, and continued to do so shamelessly as he shook John's outstretched hand. "Yes, this is more awkward than I anticipated as well," said the preself. "And yes, my primary motivation was to see you myself."
Spit-slick, John debated entering Sherlock without lube. He could, if he wanted to, but it might still be uncomfortable at first. Sherlock had thought of this possibility of course. There was a small container on his bedside table, and John could always work himself quickly, but there were other options which had greater appeal.  “On your stomach, legs spread out to the sides.” John spead him open and took his tongue to him, longing to see his face, but contented himself with the initial gasp when he breached him with his tongue, the clench of his hands in the sheets, then his seeking out John’s hands blindly, John grasped his hands tightly, feeling the rhythmic clenching and unclenching of his grip and the keening in his voice. John stopped to run his hands along the small of his back before starting up again. He could forgo the lube this time.
