Cas tilted his head in confusion.
“Surprised that word is even in your vocabulary.” the woman says in the level of sarcasm Dean likes to operate in. He likes her.
“Paint a mural with my blood? Wear my intestines like a necklace?”
“Gordon.”
“I’m waiting for Benny to get back before I grab the next one.” He explained, hoping his idle behaviour wasn’t the cause for Cas to check up on him. The guy was terrifying. Cas just took out his packet of smokes, lit a cigarette and handed it to Dean. He put the smoke between his lips without complaint, a welcomed warmth in his lungs and exhaled into the wind.
In the night Castiel has to get up to puke. He doesn’t know how he got back to his apartment, how he’s in his pajamas or anything really past Gabriel making him down a shot of tequila. He registers he’s pressed up against Dean though. If he didn’t have to puke as intensely as he did, he’d stay snuggled up to him, but the tequila is coming up fast and Dean smells like the Roadhouse which isn’t helping things.
“Dean.” Castiel warns. A child, an actual child Dean is sometimes.
“No need to apologies. I will hate them too once it comes to grading them.” He decides on.
Charlie nodded understanding him and went back to anointing.
“You remember what Gabriel ordered?”
“No and its honestly kinda killing me.” He admitted.
Fuck him. Fuck him so much. This was supposed to be Dean getting one back at Cas for earlier, not the other way around. Dean popped off and stood up, taking purchase of Cas’ top in his hands to reel him in close. Blue meeting green.
Cas pressed again, this time a little lighter. It was less painful. It kinda felt good actually. He sighed, sinking himself into the bed more, letting his muscles relax to Cas’ touch. The pressure changed from firm, to hard, to light and so on as not to make Dean cry out in pain for too long.
“I’ll be right back Cas, promise.” Dean assures him. He believes him and let’s go. He can be alone for a few moments on his own in his drunken state.
Positive sides of being a prag was what Dean had to focus on. Seemed to be the only thing keeping his pride from being completely demolished. That and telling himself he was doing this for Sammy. Dean nodded his head towards Cas, silently asking him to come over. The Russian kicked off the wall he had been leaning against, walked over to Dean.
Dean cums untouched.
“You’re not dressed.” Dean notes.
He works silently on Dean’s hand, first spraying with the anti-septic spray, ouch, getting the glass out, more ouch and now he’s on the stitching, serious ouch. Dean got Cas to grab his whiskey before he started on the stitching. He downs a double quick, now sipping his next one. Cas is precise and light as a feather when he can be, taking his time. He has done this before.
Stories had been spread, most of them just hearsay, some downright insane. The more plausible ones being about them going to Hell to see Uriel, about talking to Shurley, about taking a trip into the nearest town and there was even one about outside gang members coming in for a visit.
“Don’t you have customers to serve?”
Of course, Gordon had been picking up on Cas’ silent treatment. Everyone who was close to them did, made sense outsiders did too. Especially outsiders like Gordon who were itching to get Dean alone and rip his limbs off one by one.
Kissing Dean was heavenly, the way he liked to moisten Cas’ lips with his tongue, letting his own plump ones slip and slide over Cas’ with loud smacks that vibrated Cas’ bones. He rolled his hips down, brushing their erections together and he couldn’t help but smile when Dean shuddered from it.
“Almost there, buddy.” He says.
“Me too.” Charlie moved closer to Dean.
They warned him but he didn't listen. He never did.
“One minute,” Cas replied. He was still tinkering with the laptop that was beside them, had been tinkering with it for the past ten minutes almost, making sure the angle was right, that the camera was working and not too blurry, that the light from the screen was going to light up the area they needed to light i.e. Dean’s dick.
Cas doesn’t clarify. He’s content with leaving his neighbor to his own devices while he grabs a glass of water, a bowl (just in case) and fishes out what Dean presumes are pajamas from one of Cas’ drawers. He lets out a laugh. Yesterday Cas had put Dean into his pajamas and tonight Dean’s putting Cas into it in a completely non-sexual way. It feels like they’re doing everything backwards. Domesticated already.
Dun dun dunnnnnnnnn.
“Of course,” Castiel smiles. “You always get good grades in my classes.”
He leaned back into the sofa, sighing audibly. Feelings were hard for Dean, admitting them were even harder. Sometimes it was easier to admit them to people who didn’t know him as well as his brother did. Sam knew Dean inside out, back to front, upside down so anything Dean admitted Sam knew the full extent of that admittance and the years of baggage that came with it. He saw the layers of shit that Dean went through because Sam went through it too.
“What?” He asked, mouth full of food.
“No way!” he is surprised. Castiel nods. “If I had known that I would have taken you somewhere a bit nicer than the diner across the street from our apartment building.”
He patted his fingers down further, eyes never leaving Dean’s as he took a delicate hold of his cock, warm and flushed in his palm. Dean’s mouth fell open. His breath hitching in the back of his throat. This close to him Cas could hear everything, savouring each note. He pumped him a little, his fist engulfed the head of his cock and re-emerge tugging the skin down over the head. The more he went, the louder Dean got.
were part of that community,” he clarified with slight gruff. He moved to sit on the bed beside Cas to look at his laptop screen.
It didn’t last long.
“Did he leave a note or summin’?” Dean asked through a mouth full of food. The food here was garbabe, the food in the Empty was worse. He’d chow down on pretty much anything after the meals he had down there. Benny leaned over the table careful of eaves droppers.
“Whoa there,” He leans over to separate the girl’s hand from Cas’ top. “Take it easy.”
“Cas?”
When he pressed in Dean let out a long sigh, like he had waited this for so long. Cas had given him his fingers throughout the summer but never more much to Dean’s protest. He had always wanted to do it here, on his bed where it all started.
“Don’t you walk away from me Cas!”
, I…”
Cas was about to ruin Dean like he’d ruined that dude on his date. Upright.
When Dean got back for 3pm pick up Cas was in his usual spot, two bag packs at his feet watching their daughters play hopscotch. Claire’s being the galaxy one, girl had a thing for stars and space and Charlie the sparkly fire engine red one to make her hair. Dean joined him, hands shoved in his pockets and collar up turned to stop the chill getting into him too much.
He stripped off his trousers, squeezing in beside Cas as the lights to Purgatory shut off. Dean curled himself around Cas, hooked his leg between Cas’, his arm thrown over his stomach. He sighed contently, loving how this was now his new normal. That if he pulled Cas in closer or ran his nose along his neck, he didn’t have to worry about covering it in a lie or some sarcastic comment. Dean was being distracted by the tickle of Cas’ stubble till Cas spoke.
“Be brave Dean.”
Dean rolled his hips down, his ass grinded on Cas’ own cock in his trousers. The Russian bucked up into it and Dean nearly hit his head on the metal springs above his head.
make Dean do this. He had that kind of power, Dean handed it over to him.
(See the end of the chapter for
, the roll of that word off of his lips was sinful. It threw Castiel, threw him so much that he called him insufferable but not in the context that Dean took it. He didn’t have time to explain himself before the door was shut. Insufferable as in impossible, unbearable to be around because Castiel didn’t know what to do with himself when Dean was around him. All is usual ways of talking to people didn’t work, he couldn’t keep his emotions in check, he felt like he was spilling them out everywhere for Dean to see.
“No, just,” Cas refused to meet Dean’s eye. “Stay there and take notes of what I read out.”
“If Castiel broke a rule it’s because he wanted you to know he has more power than Uriel for some reason.”
Dean took both of them in his hand, hissing on the contact of his cock touching another man’s cock for the first time. Cas held onto Dean’s shoulder for stability and started to roll his hips up and down. Their combined saliva slid over their joined cocks. His arousal coated him like a second skin, hot and fiery just like Dean in that moment. Dean pumped his fist, muttering words incoherent to Cas though every now and then he’d hear his name being called out.
A hand pulled at the strands of Cas’ hair, unsure of tugging him closer or pushing him away like Dean couldn’t make his mind up. Cas made hit for him, releasing him from his mouth in a pop. His eyes looked up to catch Dean looking down at him. Green consumed with darkness, emerald to pine just like Cas liked it.
Dean comes over.
He knows the guy a total of five minutes and he’s rubbing Dean up the wrong way. Great, now he’s thinking about rubbing up on the guy in a good way because Dean’s brain likes to work in mysterious ways. The guy is good looking, no point denying that. He has the whole dark and brooding down to a fine art. Dean likes a challenge, this guy might be his if he could get that stick from the guy’s ass. Great, now he’s thinking about the guy’s ass. Its hidden under the trench coat, Dean already checked as he walked ahead of him downstairs.
“Dean…”
“My laptop screen is quite small for two people. We could put it on the tv.” Cas suggested.
“Drink?” Dean asked.
“What does that matter?”
“Ice?” Dean has two tumblers in his hands.
Castiel is lost on what to say. His neighbor is confusing him. No, he knows what he feels. If anything, he feels too much. Dean isn’t simple, he’s contradictions that Castiel can’t pin point. He knows every protagonist, antagonist there is, where does Dean fit? He’s a kaleidoscope or a shifting tide or any number of metaphors Castiel can conjure up to explain what Dean is and it still wouldn’t do him justice.
“Hey! Get back here!” the Purgatory guard called out. He turned, about to reach for them when a Hell guard pulled him back. They couldn’t break the line, letting two go was better than letting them all go. Besides, the guards probably knew who Dean and Sam were to the Russians at this stage.
"A friend had mentioned we looked loved up..." he reached over to take Dean's hand, who took it with ease.
When he got back from one of his runs, he spotted his older brother leaning against the backdoor to their house. He had that mischievous smirk on his face that told Cas he was up to no good.
Dean picked up Cas’ smashed phone, handing it to him.
Dean and Cas celebrated their end of exams with heading to their favourite dinner to inhale copious amounts of food before going to Gabriel’s. They hadn’t been in ages and even treated themselves to more expensive side’s courtesy of the money from the videos. Dean got chili cheese fries and Cas got dirty hanger fries, along with their burgers and milkshakes they were going to have drink twice as much as usual to feel anything.
He had a point. Yard time they tended to keep to themselves, unless you needed something. It was like the diplomatic area for sorting out tensions or keeping people informed. Either way, Rufus had been sent to talk to them.
One of the mornings a guard had dropped off their clean laundry into their cell. Cas had already gone to work so Dean was left with putting it away. He dumped their stuff onto Cas’ bed and sifted through it, noticing he was missing a few items.
Gabriel sat beside Sam, every so often whispering things in his ear and making Sam smile like a sixteen-year-old girl which made Dean want to hurl in Cas’ lap but apart from that it was actually ok.
Dean was on his work detail with Benny, scrubbing the road where the delivery trucks rolled in. The searing heat of the sun refused to let up and they weren’t allowed to strip their tops off. It was deemed unprofessional, and not appropriate. They wanted the inmates to look the part, rehabilitation or whatever for when they got out. Skills and behaviours they gained while on work detail, like there was any skill involved in scrubbing roads clean. Besides, Dean didn’t get paid for what he looked like. He could do this job in a freakin’ tutu if he felt like it, as long as the job was done, he got paid. Paid in serious cash too, not these fifty cents an hour bull crap he was getting in here.
On his fourth dryer he felt fabric when he reached inside. His number etched into the seam of the items.
It didn’t take long before there was a hand around his waist. He turned, seeing Bart grinning wickedly at him. He wasted no time. His body pushing up against Cas’, hands making their way under his shirt.
“That’s not the point cutie, point is you don’t have to,” Gabriel winks. “Besides don’t want you going three blocks down to Sinful Sugar,” the rival bakery. They continue with a back and forth casual flirting with Sam insisting he would never go there and Gabriel confessing it would break his heart if he ever did that the line was being ignored and growing. Eventually, Gabriel puts it down as two apple pies on the till bringing the total to ten dollars.
He didn’t get to finish his sentence. Cas grabbed Dean’s thigh and used his weight to toss Dean out of the bed. He hit the concrete ground in a loud thud. “Jesus Christ Cas!” he groaned. Dean was only out of the infirmary for the guts of half an hour, still battered and bruised from the last assault the Russian had given him. He wanted to know what the hell was going on. He never got the chance. Cas was up and out of his cell in the blink of an eye.
Same as before Cas moved his hands off of Dean’s body, giving the viewers a few seconds to see the cum on his body, cock twitching, spent and oversensitive. He was too blissed out to realise as his hand moved down his stomach to touch the cum there, it was a lot, he was always messy like that.
“Um,” Dean hesitated, turning his head to look at Cas. “Yeah, but not with someone else.”
“Sam?” he replied groggily. He tried to lift his hand up to his face, block out some of that light when cold metal pressed into his wrist. Dean was handcuffed to the bed. Turning his head towards the voice he saw his brother lying beside him in another bed, arm in a sling, face bruised, gauze on his eyebrow covering stitches. “You look like crap."
“You’ll never have to find out.” Cas replied non-chalant. Dean hated how his heart seemed to swell at that comment. He could just about cope with having the hots for Cas because Cas was a damn sex God and who wouldn’t but feelings, feelings were…complicated, messy and Dean never saw himself liking a dude like that before. It messed with his mind.
His body warmed up nicely. This might be Dean’s best idea yet.
He was expecting Dean to slightly retreat into himself once the academic year began. He’d understand. That meant they had three days before Dean’s walls came back up and Cas needed to make the most of Dean before that happened.
Cas’ elbow met Dean’s ribs hard. He slipped from the chokehold, dropping to slide his leg along the ground knocking Dean off of his feet. His back met the concrete hard taking his breath away. The Russian stood over him, watched as Dean tried to catch the air that wasn’t coming. He had been holding back more than a little it seemed.
There was only one thing that was winning over the stubbornness of refusing to be a prag and that was the stubbornness of wanting to live. Dean had 10 years left to serve, 7 maybe with good behaviour. If he survived in here, he could have a life out there.
He was nervous. How adorable.
Benny sounded underwater now. “Dean?”
“When will it be over.” He groaned, hands in fists. The million-dollar question.
Dean’s eyes flicked to his mouth to watch.
It was almost poetic. Four days uploaded and raking in nearly 2000 views. What the hell? 2000 views for a shitty blurry hand job without any audio? Cas was right, the gay community seriously had a thing for straight guys going to the rainbow side. It might not have even been true. Who the hell knew if Dean was actually straight? Like, he was…he totally was but it’s not like the viewers knew that.
“Ostav’ nas.” Dean had heard that phrase before. It resulted in the guy leaving that time and he did it again this time.
Cas came back with his laptop. “Why not? We’re slightly intoxicated, it’ll be easier this time to let go and not think too hard about what’s happening.”
“I’m good.” Dean reassured his friend, tried not to think how hearing his name made his insides clench a bit. He was turned on, things were going to turn him on, hearing his name was going to turn him on. This was all normal reactions.
“10-54d, a possible dead body.” Sam knew all of them.
“There’s this diner across the street I haven’t tried yet, Sam says it does good breakfast.”
He took a deep breath, stuck a fake smile on his face and turned on his heel to greet her. He could never remember their names. He never wanted to either. There was the one with the stick up her ass, then the one with a tree stuck up hers. This was the tree one, and he’s talking a big tree, like an Oak. He was surprised she could even walk let alone make sure his four-year-old daughter tied her hair back.
“My pleasure as always,” he clinked his cup against Cas’ “Say where is your extra limb?” Balthazar lifted Cas’ arm, looking underneath it for something not there.
“Daddy, I’m cold.” Claire stuttered out. Her clothes wet from the melting snow.
“What?” Dean turned his head to his friends. “I heard Cas say something about how Uriel needs to know his place a while back to Balthazar, figured that meant he was his boss.” He shrugged.
Cas pulled him back with a fist of hair in his hand. His lips were close to Dean’s ear.
He kisses Dean like he’s desperate for the silence. He is in one aspect though that’s becoming more clouded as he pushes his lips into Dean’s. His neighbour is receptive, picks up Castiel’s intentions and melts into it with ease. Dean pushes and pushes till Castiel realises he’s trying to get him to fall back and he does, rather ungracefully onto the sofa behind him. Their lips part for what feels like two breathes then Dean is crawling over him beelining for Castiel’s mouth that’s waiting open and ready for move kisses, kisses Castiel can’t get enough of. His breath hitches on the impact, legs falling open for Dean to slot in between them.
Cas moved to kiss him again, lips in-between Dean’s and the hand on his hip moved to his thigh, hiking it up, silently asking for more. Dean moved, sliding on top of Cas’ body to cover him top to toe. Two hands explored his back and he sank into it, loving Cas’ touch on him. Each one new and yet somewhat old, like they’d done this before.
There’s a cough. It doesn’t belong to either of them. Dean’s eyes look over Cas’ shoulder. It’s someone from a different floor, standing in the doorway with their laundry in their hands. Dean shoves Cas back out of shock. Cas’ eyes are immediately frustrated till they follow Dean’s sight and he turns, seeing the neighbor there.
A thought of Dean walking into Cas’ room buck naked crossed his mind. He shook it away.
“Neil is a good story teller.”
“Cas, m’close –
“Don’t touch me,” Dean patted Cas’ hand away, “You said you’d fucking wait for me but you’re pushing me and pushing me and just…” he turned on his heel, not being able to be I the same space as Cas right now. Too scared of what he might do if his temper got the best of him, “Just fuck you man.”
His legs gave away again, he fell in a heap onto the floor below, grasping at his chest, trying to get air into his lungs. The sound of his heartbeat took over any other sound around him, pounding in his ears, consuming him as he attempted to breathe. He couldn’t. It was like in the storeroom only ten times worse. His vision started to blur, getting fuzzy around the edges. His mind pulling him back to Gordon. To the laundry room, to the shower room with Alastair.
Its late on Sunday before Castiel manages to go down to the basement to do his laundry. He’s back at college meaning he’s back to the relentless demand of students and faculty members bombarding him with emails that need replying to. He regrets offering to be a supervisor to the final year student’s papers. Offering being a stretch, Naomi had ambushed him. His usual mid-week routine of sitting in the laundry room with a good book is gone. He has a bunch of papers from his overly eager first years in his creative writing seminar to read through.
He didn’t.
“I can let you read or I can suck your dick, your choice.”
He half imagined his plans with Dean, not that anything had been set out, he had been hoping for more time with his neighbor, another date, another kiss and then more if he had been feeling inclined, which he tended to be these days. That kiss left too many semi colons on Castiel’s body. Sentences that needed to be picked up and continued. Unfortunately, those hypothetical plans were dashed by Gabriel and his skills of emotional blackmail to get Castiel to spend time with old memories when Castiel would much rather spend it making new ones.
Cas groaned, feeling Dean squeeze his hand that bit tighter around their cocks. The heat of Dean’s erection sliding against his was pushing him over the edge. “Fuck, I’m—”
“I need a minute, finishing up something.” Cas said. “Sit down and wait.”
“Baby?” Castiel tilts his head in confusion. Jessica giggles.
He tries.
That resulted in more fighting. Dean adopted the silent treatment more than once to show Cas how done he had been with his bullshit Bratva and the rules attached to it. That earned him the chipped tooth. He gave Cas one too. They called it even and fucked in the storeroom of the kitchen.
Dean felt they were out of the danger zone, though Cas was far from out of it. He was raging in his chair. That Cas would say that, to his family of all people and put Dean on the spot like that. Was this Cas getting back at him for not cuddling with him earlier?
“I am a patient man.” Cas added.
Dean’s fingers brush over his ribcage, a sensitive spot and Cas arches away with a whine.
and.here.we.go....
The Russian pressed his mouth to Sam’s temple to soothe him then turned his attention to Castiel who sat across from them reading.
“No way,” Dean pulls out a thin book. He shows the cover to Castiel. “This you?”
This is from Cas' POV.
?” Bobby was unconvinced. He took his hand out to help Dean up off the ground.
“Four baby Guinness’” he serves up the drinks.
Shortish chapter but a totally cute one IMO.
“So then, where were you today?” he asked.
Cas is persistent, pushing his mouth against Dean’s all consuming, all devouring, all nothing Dean expected it to be because this is so much better than Dean had ever hoped for. Cas is a fucking demon sent by Lucifer himself hell bent on making Dean crumble under his touch, under his tongue, under his lips and Dean is trying to catch his breath in the short breaks Cas gives him before claiming his mouth all over again.
Dean groaned, falling back helpless and completely on board with where this was going. He buried his hands in his hair letting out short gaspy breathes. His friend once again ruining him with that control. Cas took his hand away and Dean wanted to protest but then he licking his palm and it was one of the hottest things Dean had seen in a long time. When Cas returned to his cock, he returned with painful enthusiasm pumping Dean faster and faster, bringing him to the edge of his orgasm. Dean’s chest heaved, hips writhing but going nowhere because Cas was strong, so fucking strong and fuck it was so hot, so hot and he was so close and…
He couldn’t say how long they stayed like that. Two minutes, ten, Dean lost track of time. The anger in him vanished, his body lax, he could almost go to sleep.
“Please.”
Dean looks up from where he’s nestled between Cas’ knees.
He emerged from the water, lifted his head, blinked back his eyes that he didn’t realise had flooded with water. He sniffed sharply, put the heels of his palms into his eyes to stop the water from falling.
On Saturday Castiel is repaying Gabriel by working at the bakery as promised. He’s on the till where he’s comfortable, the constant chat Gabriel and Kevin do with the customers is something Castiel hopes to avoid as long as humanly possible.
“C’mon, c’mon, c’mon…” Dean repeated over and over getting more worked up as the seconds past. All he wanted was to cum and make Cas cum, was that such a big ask? He needed a yes or a no, not a two-page essay.
“Yeah well I deleted the dick pics.” He moved closer to see what Cas was looking at. His new match, a woman called Lisa, pretty, brunette, tanned, nice smile. He didn’t recognise her from his swiping sessions, then again after a while it becomes a blur. She had even messaged him.
Dean ran a hand over his face but went, finding Cas pacing around one of the storerooms, mumbling in Russian to himself. His hands still in fists, anger still seeping through him.
“No shit.”
“I need two fingers of whiskey and a heat pack, not an orgasm Cas.”
“How was
Perhaps they were joined at the hip. Beautifully sinful hips.
“I had to set up an account for the video. I can send you the login in details if you want.”
“Christ –
“Professor! You work here?”
Being an orphan, it was easier to live on the streets of Moscow than with the nuns, so he left and started pick pocketing to survive. One day Cas ended up pick pocketing the Pakhan, though he didn’t know it was the Pakhan at the time. The Pakhan, Michael, didn’t take too kindly to a ten-year-old taking his wallet undetected so he got his men to lift every orphan they could get their hands on. Cas admitted it was he who had done it, not wanting the others to get hurt for something he had done. Apparently, that intrigued Pakhan and he made an offer with Cas, to start working for him, to join the Bratva.
“Dean?” he called out from the couch.
Dean groaned, flopping down on the bed. A minute past and Dean was about to crawl into Cas’ lap to get this show on the road. He didn’t know if Cas was being a tease on purpose because the secret was out that getting Dean to wait for things only added to his arousal or did Cas actually needed to work, either way he was being an asshole. “Cas you are seriously blue balling me here.”
The Russian pulled his face down, capturing his mouth in an unexpected heat. Teeth nipping at Dean’s lips, hands tugging at the strands of his hair. He devoured Dean, only letting him breathe while he whispered in his ear. “Show me how much you love me.”
“Ready for what?”
It’s Tuesday, late afternoon, Castiel is in his office reading and replying to emails from over-eager students wanting to check the criteria, wanting to check what did Castiel mean by this comment, wanting guidance on how structure the essay. Each one as painful as the next, half of them involve re-directing the students to administration or the library support team. The side of his job he wishes he didn’t have to do. He regrets turning down a doctorate assistant though the idea of getting one who Castiel could stomach for most of the day was slim. Naomi took his one, now she had two running around after her.
He blamed Gabriel.
“If I didn’t know any better, I’d say you’re enjoying this.” He reached into palm at Dean because apparently, he liked to be a tease, liked seeing Dean crumble a little under him.
Most of their fights ended in that way. One stubborn man loving another. It shouldn’t have worked. Some of the time it didn’t, most of the time it did. Towards the end of Dean’s sentence, they had found a rhythm and then he got released. It ruined both of them, more than they’d like to admit to each other. Inseparable for almost 8 years and Cas had another year on his sentence to do before even being eligible for early parole.
“Gross Dean come on! This was a clean shirt.” Sam pushes Dean away. Sam had a few inches on his brother now, gave him the unfortunate upper hand.
He reluctantly let’s go of Dean’s warm calloused hand when they reach the diner, Dean holds the door open again for him.
Dean grabbed Cas’ top, pulled him into his space and crushed his mouth against Cas’, hoping the frantic display would set the tone for what he wanted. When Cas pressed back with as much force Dean knew he had made the right choice and Cas was totally on board with some chaos. He licked his way inside, needing to taste Cas, spearmint and whiskey landed on his taste buds and a feverish heat permeated his very being because kissing Cas was
In the farthest point from him Dean could see the Russian’s on a bench, playing cards. They kept to themselves unless provoked, no one fucked with the Russians, ever. People who came up against them, didn’t last very long in Purgatory.
“You think?” Sam questioned.
“Christ Sam, you gonna be repeating everything I say?” Dean spat out.
“Come see.” Charlie waved them in.
Sidenote - whoever voted for this fic to be put into a collection is like a super star and too cute for this world.
He looked at Cas’ mouth, parted, full, cracked skin that needed to be moistened.
The silent treatment between them continued till one night, a massive storm rolled in. Dean couldn’t sleep, the thunder bellowed in and the lightening lit up the block from all angles. They heard it was going to be a big one from the guards, they didn’t expect it to be this big. Electricity was out. Not that it made much of a difference, Purgatory was so old and run down they were still locked into their cells by keys.
“How does that mean she knows it was me who gave them to you?” Cas asked, still inspecting his marks. “You could have slept with a woman who had larger than average hands or gotten one of those Indian head mas—"
“Claire be nice,” Cas rasped out. Dean had clearly winded him, his voice was deep any day of the week, but this sounded labored. The guy stood up matching Dean in height with a look of pain on his face. “Hello Dean.”
without asking. Got it?”
Back at home, three beers down and not much in the way of food Dean decided looking at the video was now a great idea. See? Most great ideas stemmed out of alcohol. Everyone said that, right? Besides if Cas looked at it and God knows who else looked at it, it only made sense that Dean should look at it. He is
Dean queried that to Cas. “Even the adults?”
They watch their video.
Cas shifted on the bed. He couldn’t see what was happening, but he could feel it. The bed dipped on either side of him, then Cas’ dropped his weight to the back of Dean’s thighs. He had a Russian sitting on his thighs, even with their friendship, mutual orgasms and prag agreement there was a slight anxiety in him from being this vulnerable. His body had tensed. Cas clocked it.
He believed him.
He’s in a good mood because him and Cas are back on good terms after nearly a month of avoiding his obnoxiously cute neighbor. Looks like Dean could still hold a grudge.
Then there were fingers in his hair. Starting the nape of his neck and moving upwards tugging his hair backwards. His whole body shuddered with it, hairs standing on edge. He watched his arm raise in goosebumps from the touch.
“I’m going back to bed.” he mumbled, shuffling over to his door. He undressed down to his boxers and climbed back into his bed. Dean grabbed one of his spare pillows and placed it behind his back, not pretending it was a body. Absolutely not.
Dean scoffed, leaning back in the booth, trying to play it cool. “Nah, I’m good.”
That earned him an eye roll. “I’ll be ten minutes.” Cas called out.
“It’s ok, I got you.” He said quietly into Cas’ hair. They just had to wait out the storm. He wasn’t going to deny it, this was nice, real nice even. He liked Cas being close to him, finding solace in Dean’s embrace. The countless times Cas had helped Dean out, now it was his turn to help, wanted to help. Also, selfishly, he wanted to be wanted again, hopefully this gesture would mean Cas would let him back in. The pain in his chest lessened the longer Cas stayed close to his side.
His brother wasn’t having any of it though. “Don’t do that to yourself Dean, don’t beat yourself up over this. Gordon deserved what he got.”
When Castiel wasn’t enjoying trying out Gabriel’s new experiments he was either on campus, lecturing or in his little studio flat grading papers. Something Heaven’s Little Angels managed to instill into him that he didn’t despise was a love for reading. History and English mainly. The only books (other than the bible) they were allowed read had to be factual and somehow in Castiel’s mind he saw them as stories. The stories of people who had lives outside of the walls of the orphanage, conquests and revolutions, wars and salvation. He would hide under his thin bed sheet with his flickering flash light absorbing all he could from the books till one of the nun’s found him. He’d have vivid dreams from his nighttime reading and write on any scrap paper he could find the stories from his imagination.
The decision to stop driving his daughter to and from pre-school and cut through the park was equally the best and worst decision Dean had made. It was the best decision because it meant Charlie tended to tire herself out on the playground and by the time, they got home she was practically falling asleep into her dinner. It was the worst decision because he had to pry her away from the playground on the way to pre-school in the mornings meaning they had been late on more than one occasion. This was one of those mornings.
With a huff Dean turned around, letting his leg drape over Cas' and hand wrap around his stomach. Cas let out a sigh, like he had been holding his breath for a while. Dean didn't ask, he never did. If Cas wanted to talk he would, most of the time he didn't. The Bratva came first, always and Dean had to accept that. What he got was these moments, few and far between when Cas would come to him for one night, sometimes two if he was lucky. This was the deal he got when he decided to fall in love with someone from the Russian mafia.
“And I can’t hold hands with my…with you at work.” He fumbles. Castiel doesn’t need a mirror to know his ears are burning.
He turned his head to look at Dean. When did they get this close? Dean’s breathe was hot on his face, his green eyes searching in Cas for something. They were awfully pretty.
It took Sam one minute exactly to ask.
Please mind yourself for this chapter.
Dean bad boy Winchester was going to fuck him. Finally.
The more Cas moved his hands around the top of Dean’s ass, the less he cared. He wanted more, wanted those hands further down, further
Full, so full of Dean and he wasn’t moving, and it was killing Cas to be this filled, like he couldn’t breathe till Dean did something, anything. His lungs burned and his body ached for stimulation. He whined, shifting a little because he needed Dean to move, he needed him to move
Dad talents,” Dean helped him the poor guy out. “I build this one a tree house in the summer.” He wriggled Charlie in his arm.
kinda gay.
“Doesn’t look like nothing,” Benny dropped his shovel. “Let me see.” He went for Dean’s coat, trying to pry it open without Dean saying he could.
Dean thinks about it for all of five seconds. His laundry is going to take an hour at least, then he can hang his wet clothes in his room to dry. An hours’ nap, a nap on Cas, an hour’s nap on Cas that Cas is ok with. Does he really want to pass up on this invitation? His body gives in before his mind does and drops his head to Cas’ shoulder. His eyes close, trying to dose off. The sounds of the machines are distracting.
The blue-eyed boy nods with fury, pointing at Dean for added emphasis. “Yes, you Dean! Who else would I be talking about?”
Breathtaking.
Now it was Cas’ turn to heave.
Cas was awake, unsettled beneath Dean, tossing and turning making the bed springs creak. He remembered Cas telling him he didn’t like storms. The only thing that scared the Russian ironically was the weather. He was a thinker, a strategist, he worked rationally (well, whatever he constitutes as rational) and somehow weather was what made him quake in his boots. Sam had that fear too when he was a kid, though he learned how to deal with it when he grew up. Dean would help him out. He could help Cas out now if he wanted to.
Dean dropped his head back into the pillows, staring up at the darkness.
“I said we can open it later.” Cas tried to reason with her. It wasn’t working. The icy blue death stare she liked to give Dean was up full whack and directed at her Dad.
He wasn’t lying, he was good and hopefully by the end of it he’ll be more than good. If Cas was up for it. He usually was. They tended to leave it a few days, a few weeks before delving back into the whole sharing orgasms thing. Also, Dean realised on the way home that what he was after wouldn’t be recorded. They couldn’t exactly jack each other off while watching their porno and film it at the same time given that Cas’ laptop did the filming.
“Do what?”
“Those fucking Nazis, why can’t they just fuck each other? There’s enough of them to go around.” he kept his voice low. His tone tensed.
“Yeah Cas,” Sex brain took over, high jacking any sense of Dean keeping himself under control. Cas had it all and Dean was more than happy for him to have it. “So, fucking good.”
And then when Dean started to truly fall apart, the begging came, oh the begging was beautiful.
Cas dropped his head, pretty much shaking at this stage. Dean kinda hated seeing him like this, completely powerless and overcome with what Dean could clearly see was anxiety. The hyper-vigilance exhausting him and keeping him awake at the same time.
“I don’t want to scare you off Dean.”
His friend sighed, his hand taking Cas’ to link their fingers together.
Dean nodded.
“What gives?”
“You’re a serious pain in my ass in the morning sometimes.”
“Fuck - the sounds you make are so hot.” Dean said.
Getting Cas out of his clothes is a struggle. He’s dead weight and refusing to budge.
When he got back Cas had everything set up, plates, chopsticks for him, fork for Dean, two beers and the clothed lower half of Cas’ body along with the clothed upper half of Dean’s body on the tv, clear as day.
“Yeah, locked it in this morning.” Sam had his own car seat for Charlie, saved Dean having to unhook his every time Charlie was in his car. He grabbed the keys to the Impala, his jacket and Charlie’s and headed out after them.
He could feel Dean’s eyes on him, the anticipation coming off of him in waves. Cas stroked himself, ensuring every side was coated to ease the pain of what was to come. Their eyes met once more, Cas checking that Dean was ok and with a nod from his lover he lined himself up, one hand on Dean’s hip to hold him steady.
A snowball fight and two snowmen later the girls were lying on their backs in the snow making their fourth set of angels. The smiles on their faces never dropped, even when their legs started to get tired from trudging around in the snow. Dean assumed the snow angels were their way of getting their energy back.
Thanksgiving complete, Charlie was tucked in bed, Amelia clocked out early too for work tomorrow which left Sam and Dean the last two standing. He had a belly full of food and Sam managed to grab the good beers, none of this low-calorie crap Dean was used to drinking around Sam’s place. He twisted off the caps and handed his brother a cold one.
“I am capable of keeping my hands to myself Dean,” he replied with a slight smile, rather enjoying Dean’s newfound ease on the subject. “You’ve sated me enough, for now.”
“One more time Dean, just once more and I’ll let you cum.”
“Am I supposed to know what he wants or are you going to enlighten me?”
Dean’s leaning against the table, arms crossed over his chest. Cas mirrors him. He lets himself admire Dean while he’s quiet, how his jeans fit snug on his hips, his belt buckle showing due to his top not being pulled down enough. His flannel loose on his sides like undrawn curtains and Dean’s stomach is the show. Cas is awfully cheesy when he’s in a light mood.
“Meeting a friend.” Dean replied casually. He wasn’t lying. Cas was a friend. Friends had lunch together. It was a thing. People did that all the time. Didn’t make the nerves in Dean’s stomach settle any better. He had a been a butterfly farm ever since dropping Charlie off at pre-school.
Cas’ hand rubbed his back. He wasn’t gonna lie, felt damn nice, especially with the sour taste in his mouth and burn in his throat. He wondered if Cas and he hadn’t made up last night would Cas be as quick to come help him out. Not even 24 hours of them not spending time together and Dean felt like was going to explode not being close to him. Not even in an overtly sexual way, just he had been stuck to Cas’ side for coming on three years and the idea of there being tension between them ate away at him.
A new Russian arrived into Purgatory two weeks after his big brother was tossed into the Empty. His name was Gabriel and it didn’t take much for Sam to realise that this guy was Cas’ equal in authority. He was nothing like Castiel, overtly charismatic and brash though equally as violent when provoked. Sam soon found himself getting extra servings at mealtimes, he saw the way the Russian looked at him as he sucked on sweets he never seemed to be too far away from. He started going to the library during Sam’s work detail. Admittedly he was a good distraction for Sam. The thoughts that his brother was still in the Empty, that his Dad was dead seemed to fade away whenever he was around Gabriel. When he inevitably pushed Sam into the mythology section of the library and climbed him like a tree, Sam didn’t try to stop him.
“Cas, c’mon its Van Halen.” He tries to reason with his neighbor. There is that little part of his brain that enjoys seeing Cas riled up. It’s making his eyes looked crazed, his hair is messy probably from pulling at it. Dean wants to pull at it. These weren’t helpful thoughts. Cas is pissed at him, really pissed. Before Cas manages to respond Jess shouts over the music.
“Yeah, sure, I can help Cas get home,” Dean offers. “You’ll be alright with those two?”
.” Dean breathed arching into the touch like his hips had a mind of their own.
“Gabriel did a number on you eh?” he looked over Cas’ face, hands going up tentatively to inspect the damage. The bruises were starting to bloom on his face. Gabriel got him good on his cheek, his jaw and he had a split lip and a cut above his brow.
Dean laughed at that, louder than expected. He turned his head towards the stairs behind him to hear if it woke up Charlie up. It didn’t. An earthquake wouldn’t wake her.
“Sammy used to be scared shitless of thunderstorms when we were kids,” Dean paused to see if the Russian was going to tell him to shut up. He didn’t, so Dean continued. “We travelled around a lot, slept in my Dad’s car most nights so thunderstorms were pretty scary when your house was effectively a tin can,” he chuckled as a memory came to the forefront of his mind. “I remember one time it was so bad we had to park the car on the side of the road, and he hid under my leather jacket the entire time. The poor sucker.”
“I would ask for a story, but I don’t want to fall asleep on you again.” another yawn comes out of him. Damn he is exhausted, putting on the laundry might have been a bad mistake. He can feel the weight of his body more than usual, feel his head wanting to pick a side and drop.
“I’m not a fag.”
“No, don’t, please.” Dean pulled it back. “He’s on me Cas, I can feel him on me,
The laugh woke the girls up. Dean didn’t mind and neither did Cas. They had time to figure it all out and no doubt Cas’ baggage would come into the mix at some point. There wasn’t any rush to this, to them. They were both in it for the long haul and that was good enough for Dean. It was like Cas said, he didn’t see a future without him.
He turned over onto his hands and knees, tossing the condom beside him to Dean.
The arms that were used to hold his legs up were now wrapping around his body, pulling him in, holding him close and keeping him safe.
He shook the thought away, blaming his post run high for his lack of inhibitions.
The next time Cas’ cock got into the cleft of Dean’s ass he gripped the back of the couch tighter, holding back a moan that wanted to come out and play, more copper dancing onto his taste buds.
It warmed up Dean’s hands, the smell was strong, and he remembered how his whole sexual desire was triggered, by this damn coffee.
They threw him into the Empty.
Charlie tried to get the brothers to talk, even Bobby tried to drum up some conversation. It didn’t work, they weren’t in a talking mood. Sam answered out of being polite, Dean didn’t have that problem. He had that vacant thousand mile stare out into nothing as he inhaled his fourth cigarette. He filled his lungs as much as he could, till it hurt, till it burned to feel something.
God, if his Dad had found out what his boys had become, a couple of prags. He’d lose his shit. Not his boys, not Winchesters. They didn’t get help from nobody but themselves. He’d be angry at Dean. Angry he didn’t do enough to protect Sammy on his own terms. Even if Dean hadn’t been thrown in the Empty, he doubts he’d have been able to protect Sam on his own. Not the way the place was now, not with the riot that happened and one that was on the horizon on top of Gordon out for blood. A pack helped you survive. The lone wolf would be killed off soon enough.
“Shush, shush,” Cas let go of his cock to soothe his shakes, his hands giving Dean’s sweat shining chest soft touches. It seemed to help, Dean slowly getting his breathe back. “Once more my beautiful boy, just one more time.”
Cas smiled against his kiss and it only pissed Dean off even more, like the fucker thought he was winning this. He wasn’t. Not this time. He let his mouth slip down, tugging Cas’ ear lobe between his teeth and taking his cock in his hand again to jack him off. His mouth hot and heavy in Cas’ ear, “Why are you pushing me?”
What a line. It’s like Cas lined it up for him on purpose. He scratches his jaw contemplating his answer. He also likes how Cas’ eyes follow his hands sometimes when they’re in his view.
Cas stood up, putting his hand out to help Dean up. He took it, rising up to his feet.
“Here?” he whispers in his ear before kissing it, all Castiel can do is nod because it isn’t capable of much else, Dean’s hand is on his cock and it is too much to function. He wants to say that it’s going to be over soon, that he’s going to cum in a matter of seconds, but he can’t seem to put words together because Dean is stroking his cock with such enthusiasm, he starts to feel it in his bone marrow.
How they got here? Funny story. The same as most of their genius ideas came about, they were drunk at a house party.
Cas couldn’t argue with that.
Right, Cas wanted a freakin’ bedtime story.
“You have family, you aint go no friends.”
Benny told him during lunch that Garth, his old celly, topped himself when Dean was in the Empty meaning chances were, he had a new celly to go back to once lunch was over.
He took the condom off of Cas, tied it and scooted off the bed to the en-suite to clean himself up and grab a cloth for Cas to wipe down before they went to sleep. Cas’ en-suite was flashy, fully equipped with a walk-in shower and rainfall shower head he needed to make use of. He checked himself in the mirror.
“He isn’t,” a Russian accent came from inside his cell. Dean looked over the guy’s shoulder, seeing that Russian from the yard lying on the bottom bunk. He was reading a book. The one with those cold blue eyes. The one who was in Hell not two days ago for who the fuck knows was now Dean’s new celly. That’s just what he needed to make sure he wasn't going to get sent back to the Empty, a psychopath in his sleeping quarters.
“We should…” Cas looked behind Dean towards the pre-school.
“Thanks for the laugh,” she took a sip of her coffee. Dean could smell it and could do with one himself. “Dean, right? You’re Charlie’s Dad?”
His hand went up to it unsure what she was seeing.
Castiel loaned him the money for the deposit on the building and six months’ rent because he has more money than he knows what to do with. Gabriel managed to hand it back and then some despite Castiel assuring him he wasn’t expecting it back. He was glad to help his friend out.
They didn’t say anything about it. He didn’t want to talk about it either. Torn between hating that he needed Cas so that Gordon wouldn’t kill him and loving how his neck still tingled from Cas’ onslaught.
Dean answers after the third rounds of knocks.
“Yes neighbor, I will feed you.” He replies. Dean slides in beside him, careful not to touch him. Castiel’s aware of it, he’s glad Dean still wants to be around him but conscious that he’s trying to keep his physical distance. He closes the door behind Dean and makes a mental note to keep his hands to himself. Perhaps Castiel did over step in that aspect even if he managed to half convince himself that Dean enjoyed it, perhaps it was his imagination.
When they left Dean managed to get himself back up off the tiles. The adrenaline still coursed through him. His knees ached from the impact, his shoulders felt strained from being pulled and held for that long. His heart pounded in his ears. Dean pressed the button, turning the shower on. He looked back, saw Cas still standing there, watching. He was safe. The Russian had protected him. He knew there would be consequences for that but for now he didn’t care. He was just glad he didn’t have to go through with what AB were going to do to him, glad Cas was there. He let himself close his eyes, arch his head back into the spray and wash away the touch of those assholes from his body.
When he slams his car-door shut and plays loud music and grabs at things that aren’t his Castiel wants to curse and pull his hair out. When he smiles, runs his hand over his jawline and gets close enough to Castiel he can feel his skin stand on edge he wants to curse and pull his hair out for entirely different reasons.
Cas answered with an exhaling sigh, slightly on the edge of a moan. A husked breathy moan. Dean listened in closer, glad for the silence in the house as he could narrow in on what was happening on the other end of the line and fuck did it sound good.
They fight.
“What?” that catches Dean off guard yet again. The guy tilts his head the slightest then his eyes move over Dean’s body like he isn’t even trying to be subtle about it. Now Dean really feels like an animal. He can feel the back of his neck heating up because it isn’t every day some suit and tie trench coat wearing man checks Dean out like that. He’s used to truckers, waitresses, you know, people like him. People like this guy do not check out people like him.
“Good.” Dean squeezed his hand in Cas’ then let go to wipe his eyes, pressing the heel of his palms into them. His heart still going a hundred miles an hour from his freak out. He hadn’t panicked like that in years. “Sorry for the freak out.”
That earned him a chuckle from Dean. Cas tilted his head in more unimpressed confusion.
More dings came up on his phone from Bumble, he turned his phone to silent. He enjoyed his time with Cas, the last thing on his mind was whoever had matched with him on Bumble or whatever response Benny or Lydia had given him from their conversations last night after he tucked Charlie in. He poured in the melted chocolate to the mix that Cas was moving around with a wooden spoon. It gave it a marbled effect till it was completely folded in, like when Dean mixed paints for doing paint jobs on cars.
Dean looks up, sees Cas’ phone in front of his book. He looks over the neighbor, her cheeks are a little pink, eyes wide, flustering as she loads her washing. Dean shoots back a text after saving the number.
“They all speak English doofus,” Charlie said. “Just not to each other.”
“Castiel!” he shouts. Dean snaps his head up hearing the rare name and raises his brows when he spots Castiel standing behind the till in a Sweet as Heaven apron. Gabriel makes a gesture for him to come over to him.
It freaked him and he shoved his friend back hard. “Get your hands off me!”
Cas squinted his eyes at him, “You do
“Step one, pre-heat the oven…”
“I heard what you said,” Dean interrupts. The guy is still standing in front of him unmoving.
“I’ll see you later Dean.” He turned on his heel and walked back to Gabriel. They started conversing in Russian, Cas sounding pissed off, Gabriel with a shit heating grin like he was trying to rile Cas up. Their relationship was much different than the one Cas’ had with the other Russians. The equal status between them was very noticeable. Gabriel ruffled Cas’ hair and Cas shoved Gabriel playfully. They looked like he and Sam would be sometimes.
Cas put his hand out for Charlie to hand him the tie she had been patiently holding and clasped it around the end of her hair. Claire jumped up and down saying it looked great and they now matched because Claire had one too and then Charlie hugged Cas as thanks for doing it and yeah, Dean just about died for a whole other set of reasons in comparison to last night’s. His daughter finally noticed him standing there all heart eyed and melting on the inside.
Cas dropped his forehead to Dean’s, trying to reel in his need to just take him already, make him feel good, the best he’s ever felt before. “If you want to stop at any time just – “
“I’m shocked.” Sam smirked over at him, taking a sip of his beer.
“Birthday party eh?” he turned to Cas who had picked up Claire and had her on his hip.
—" he heaved.
“Dean’s got a kinky girl in his bed,” Jo grinned ear to ear. “Check out his neck,” she reached up to yank at his collar, giving Meg a little look at the collection of bruises Cas had pressed into Dean’s neck the night before. Dean pushed Jo away.
He was standing in the commissary line with Sam when he got his ass smacked. Dean jolted forward, reaching for Sam’s shoulder to steady himself.
“Professor Novak?”
Cas all but lost it when a hand that wasn’t his touched his shoulder, moving up to touch Cas’ face, pressing a thumb into Cas’ cheek to feel himself in Cas’ mouth. Dean never touched him, ever. Not that they had much to go off of, this being only the third time he’d ever been with Dean like this.
“Not a chance buddy.” Dean says. He shoves Cas away with ease, using his strength that Cas equally loves and hates. Hating at this present moment.
Castiel has everything ready. He followed Jessica’s instructions to the last letter. It’s all laid out on his little table in his flat. Dean just needs to be at home, which Jessica assured he would be giving it’s a Wednesday and Dean didn’t work at the Roadhouse on Wednesdays. The Roadhouse being Dean’s other job, hence the late nights coming home. He runs his hands through his hair double checking it once more before going to get Dean.
“Laundry room.” Dean replied not paying much attention to his brother or to anyone who might have overheard the announcement of his whereabouts from the cells nearby.
Charlie pointed at the one she wanted. “Red.
“Kinda is,” Dean replied. He sat up in the bed, suddenly feeling more awake than when he got in. This was going to a story for the ages. He could tell. “So, what happened?"
He went to open the door, unsure when they’d get to do this again, hoping sooner rather than later. Their lives were hectic balancing work and a kid. A secret relationship, or…whatever it was they were on top of that was hard to juggle. He knew it would be easier to just let the girls know, except it was way too soon and too massive of a thing to drop on a couple of four-year-old.
.” He tried to push himself back. It wasn’t much good. If Cas wanted it, he could snap Dean’s wrist or arm in this position. He was angry, pissed off and Dean just stopped him from exerting it on Gabriel. Now that anger had to go somewhere, seemed Dean was the next likely target for it.
"You do realise being his prag means you can drop the whole straight act around him."
He shook his head chuckling at the Russian. Cas did too, their laughs echoing in their little cell that they shared. It was a light moment between them. Those were few and far between in Purgatory. Probably more so for someone with as much power and status as Cas had. His cold blues now flooded with light like they’ve let something bright in for once.
Dean shook his head. He couldn’t. He wasn’t like Cas. He wasn’t strong, sure on the outside he was but deep down they both knew that was a bunch of bull. In these moments when he crumbled under Cas’ touch, they knew he wasn’t all that. He loved chick flicks, cuddling and when he got upset, he ate his weight in pie. Dealing with homophobes would crush him.
Cas didn’t even skip a beat in replying. “Agreed.”
Ha, a dick, about his dick.
Cas moved his hands back to Dean’s ass, squeezing that denim clad meat that filled his palms. Again, too many clothes. He wanted Dean bare to him and only him, wanted to show Dean that he’d never have to find someone else to make him feel good, that he never could even if he wanted to. Only Cas. If Dean wanted to be punished. Cas would give him it.
“They pay me just fine,” he seals the box with a sticker. “That’ll be 18 dollars.” The student pays with his phone then leaves. When he looks up to inspect the queue and product left, he spies a familiar face in the line. Dean. He’s not alone, standing talking with Jessica his student and the tall guy who Gabriel flirts with any chance he gets. Sam.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas nods reluctantly.
She was right, Cas admitting his feelings to Dean wouldn’t be difficult, he was out and had been for some time. Dean could be resistant to it, or worse, completely deny their existence. That would crush Cas. He knew how Dean felt, knew it in the depths of his bones and to have to pretend he didn’t…he didn’t know if their friendship would last that.
Cas thought.
“Can’t hurt.” Sam agreed. They heard tiny footsteps making their way down the stairs steadily. “Is that who I think it is?” Sam leaned back out of the door frame to see Charlie coming down ready to go.
Cas’ desk lamp went out, then the bed dipped beside him. A hand went around his middle.
Cas was typing.
Dean puts his phone away, scoots forward on the machine to get down and joins Cas on the floor. He sees the neighbor watching out of the corner of her eye. Dean feels bold, wraps his arm around Cas to bring him in close and places a kiss the top of his head. Cas doesn’t object, lets his head drop and continue on reading his book as if it’s the most natural thing for them to do this. It makes Dean’s heart twinge a little.
AH, feels!
“Dean.” Sam tells him.
Cas stopped him from doing any more damage. “Ok, ok…”
“You shut your mouth.” Dean warned through gritted teeth.
He pushed that feeling away.
His friend rolled his eyes. “No one is listening.”
were a pain to be dealing with on top of the college work he had to get through. With the end of the year fast approaching the two boys were knee deep in papers and exams and hadn’t touched a drink since that night.
Dean suddenly felt the ground give way from under him. He gripped onto the plastic chair tight, for fear he’d fall down. What the hell was Cas playing at? He tried to remain calm though he was slowly losing that battle as the conversation seemed to continue.
Damn, it felt good.
The end of August warned them of their final year. The hard grind ahead of them, long days and even longer nights.
“Am I supposed to know what he wants or are you going to enlighten me?”
“That’s for the kick,” he hugs his brother in his dirty overalls. “And that’s cause I love ya.”
He felt Cas’ head lean in between his shoulder blades. “Me too.”
“You see that vein?”
He climbed up onto his bunk, grateful for the mattress, even more grateful for the blanket and pillow. He never thought he’d be grateful for being in Purgatory but compared to the nothingness in the Empty this place was the Four Seasons. Dean snuggled himself into his blanket, nestled his head into his pillow and sighed.
Without pause Cas brought his mouth to Dean’s chest, wet open kisses that got Dean’s heart racing. He leaned over the man, letting him do his worst while Dean started to grind his growing erection into Cas’ hip. Nipples hardening under Cas’ tongue and sending little shocks through him. He wanted his mouth, but Cas had no intention of giving it to him, moving to lick strips under his armpit.
Once the two cups were made Cas asked him what his title was.
“What he trying to fatten you up?” Dean joked. Sam didn’t respond, kept on walking to the end of the of the line to take his cutlery.
He raised a curious brow. “Our account?”
This wasn’t what this was about.
He opened up a new tab, looking for a secondhand couch to distract his body from getting aroused. His phone buzzed on the bed beside him.
“What did it say?”
Dean didn’t respond, jaw set tight, eyes on the ground. If he didn’t give what Alastair wanted, he’d bleed out on the shower floor. Alastair dropped down to look at Dean, ran the shiv over the side of Dean’s face on the blunt side.
“Breaking out the good stuff eh?”
to take in. Sam explained it well, didn’t miss any bits out and went back to reiterate things if they were of import. In the three or so months he had been away the whole of Purgatory had been turned on its head and had yet to find its feet again by the sounds of it.
He takes payment for a chocolate swirled brioche loaf and half a dozen caramel apple filled croissants. Gabriel deals with the customers, he’s entertaining and energetic. They all love him, laugh at his jokes and give in when he suggests they buy something else. He hands out free samples to the kids too and flirts with the parents. Castiel enjoys the show too much that he misses a customer talking to him.
Of course, that is when someone knocks on his door. Dean sprints to the door to open it. Standing there is Cas holding said pie in his hands and Deal realises he didn’t think this idea through.
Dean holds the door open for Castiel.
He could fix this. He could untense Dean, make him feel better, make them both feel better. A week without Dean and Cas was fit to implode, he ran himself into the ground on more than one occasion trying to chase that calmness in his mind that Dean gave him. He needed to fix them.
He turned his head latching onto Cas’ mouth. Cas’ tongue delved in, forgetting finesse. Their tongues past between each other, untensing any muscles Dean had in his body. This was Cas taking care of Dean. Cas showing Dean he had him, always. When their kiss came to its natural end Dean felt he was floating.
Cas ran his lube covered hand over Dean’s body, remembering those sweet spots that had him tensing, under his hip bones and over his pecks, touching his nipples. “Hopefully this will make you think again about looking for someone else to satisfy you.”
Dean crossed the space between them. “Shut up,” he grunted, shoving Cas to the wall. He hit it hard, waiting for the first punch to hit him. “Just shut the fuck up and—” Hands he thought were for bruising his face were lifting the end of Cas’ shirt, getting at his buckle, trying to undo it
“You aint gonna be able to carry all that yourself,” He notes. Dean already has the other drinks on a tray for her. “Where you sitting? I’ll bring em over.”
Dean moved over to the bed, carefully maneuvered himself down onto his stomach trying to keep the thoughts that the last time he lay down like this on Cas’ bed he had giving him a blow job. The pain was a good distraction for that. He winced again once fully down.
“Not a clue.” Dean answered. He had been good. He hadn’t done anything. The only thing Dean could think was that Shurley was coming to collect on the fight that they had with the Russians a few weeks back. He couldn’t hurt them, but he could hurt the Winchesters. That didn’t add up, if he wanted to throw them in the Empty, he would just get his guards to do it. He rarely intervened unless it was for something big.
So the next chance Dean got alone with Sammy, he took it. “Anything you want to talk to me about, Sammy?”
Cas sighed as Dean’s glare was joined by Mary’s. “It’s okay, Sam, I understand what you meant.” Mary and Dean both turned away, grumbling, and Sam mouthed Cas a quick “thank you.” “My cousin and I have…very intolerant parents, and from what I understand, the two girls were perceived as being on a date and…neither of their households are friendly to that sort of relationship. So. I was hoping for them to stay for a little while, until I can come up with alternate accommodations. This isn’t the first time Claire’s run away, just the most suddenly, from what I understand, so – they just need a place to stay until one of us can come up with something more permanent.”
“You see, Bobby already kicked him earlier so he’s pretty sensitive.” Bobby explains. Dean puts his tools down and slides out from under the car. Sam and Jess are standing over him. He can smell the lunch in Jess’ hands.
Not what Dean had in mind. Time to take matters into his own hands.
“What if I asked you to kiss me?”
were her exact words.
“Thanks Dean but we’ll be fine,” Anna stands, she’s steadier on her feet. “We’re staying with Gabriel down the road, though Castiel is going back to his place and if you’re his neighbor...”
Suddenly with the camera on Cas decided to taunt his friend, blame the alcohol, blame the arousal, blame the fact he knew Dean was competitive and Cas wanted to use it to his advantage. “You going to show me what you got straight boy.”
That seemed to either spark something good in Dean or piss him off, either way he did, moving back out and snapping forward with speed. Cas knew this, this he could work with. He arched to meet the thrust that stung a little too much, just short of painful and just enough pleasure. His glistened chest rose up to touch Dean’s, heat on heat and the necklace Dean wore pressed into his sternum. The cold shook Cas.
“Be ready in half an hour.” Dean walks back to his apartment. Castiel grumbles an ok and hops into the shower.
“Fine. Maybe I’m a little nervous. You trying to tell me you aren’t?” He questioned Cas’ unwavering appearance. Unless his unwavering appearance was his way of holding his nerves in. Nervous was not typically something he had associated with Cas. Confused, bold, sarcastic, slightly dominating…those were more Cas’ forte.
Fan-fucking-tastic. Trust Cas to be given mister bad boy to be his partner. Dean was popular for all the wrong reasons. Boys wanted to be him, girls wanted to be
He was safe. He was actually safe.
He kept it professional. “I need to talk to you about something so yeah, if you could.”
Dean tossed his head side to side, feeling his orgasm build and build and then Cas leaned over him, wrapped his arm around Dean’s chest to hoist him up, flushing his chest to Dean’s back. Dean went, rolling his head back onto Cas’ shoulder, panting heavily.
“That’ll be 20 dollars.” He taps the amount in the card reader.
His neighbor stretches, arm coming off of Castiel back and reaching up. Castiel puts his head back onto the pillow next to him and off of Dean’s chest. It’s cold and he immediately wishes to be back in Dean’s embrace. He doesn’t ask though.
Not the time for an erection Cas.
Dean turned his head, eyes glaring at the man he had spent the best part of two months successfully avoiding.
“So, let me get this straight,” Dean lifted his hand up to go over the main highlights. He lifted one finger at a time as he spoke. “Gabriel is running the show
“We recognise the strain you must be under as a single Father.”
“Cas,” Dean exhaled as Cas got to work with Dean’s belt buckle. “Cas, wait dammit.”
Step three, mention pie but only serve it if Dean agrees to talk to Castiel.
“Whatever you say little brother. I gotta go. I’m an oiled-up mess and need to shower or else Ellen will spray me down out back before letting me serve customers, catch you later.”
“He’s in there.” Sam gestured to the showers.
“You’re mine Dean and I want the world to see it.”
“Dean? You sure about this?”
“Thank you, Dean, you’re wonderful, always perfect for me."
“Don’t let me set Balthazar on you.” The young guy threatened. Hearing his name made Balthazar turn his towards them. Dean handed it back, definitely not wanting the Russian’s appointed hitman anywhere near him. Charlie seemed pleased with himself that it worked and returned to his cross word.
Cas took his hand and led him out of the kitchen, up the stairs, a part of the house he had yet to see. The darkness engulfed them though he felt that Cas knew where he was going and kept close behind him. They passed a couple of doors till Cas brought him into his, the light from his en-suite cast a hue onto his double bed in the middle of the room. He could smell the shower gel, something earthy like pine or tea-tree moved its way into the simple bedroom. Their hands slipped away as Cas closed the door behind him leaving Dean at the foot of the bed. It looked soft, plush pillows and rumbled feather duvet.
“You said you’d fucking wait.”
“I’m – fuck…” Tidal waves of pleasure washed over him as Cas pulled the orgasm from him. He could feel Cas faltering too, their orgasms aligning, cumming at the same time only made his orgasm that much better. Cas’ sinful noises were in his ear, his brutal thrusts slowing down to a grind. When they’d both spent as much as they could from each other they collapsed in a heap on the bed, limbs and cum and sweat all thrown down onto the sheets.
Sam leaned over, careful of listening ears. “What was in the notebook then?”
Loud Russian voices carried into this cell. He got up slowly and walked to peer out of his cell to see what was going on. Cas stood in front of his men.
Cas sped up to the point where he sussed Dean was close to cumming. The boy’s breathe becoming labored and stuttering with each pull on his cock that Cas gave him. When he felt the moment draw to its conclusion, he put Dean’s cock back inside his boxers and palmed him to bring him over.
The grip loosened.
He even found himself telling Cas about how he ended up in Purgatory, something he rarely spoke out. How his Dad was obsessed with finding the person who killed their Mom, how once he found the bastard, tortured him and killed him the police showed up because their Dad had been reckless. Dean being the loyal son that was took the gun off of his Dad when the cops raided the place, not that it mattered. They were all charged. Their Dad admitted everything, even admitted to crimes the boys had done in order to get Sam and Dean a lighter sentence than he did. Any sentence would have been lighter than a death sentence.
“Occasionally.” He keeps his answers short. The student, whose name he still hasn’t committed to memory hands him the box of doughnuts. Half glazed, half peanut butter and jelly filled.
Dean woke up to an empty bed. An empty bed that wasn’t his own. In the three years of being Cas’ friend they’d never shared a bed. He wanted to say he was cool as a cucumber about it, but truth was, he was kinda freaking out. Bed sharing was intimate. Bed sharing after what they did last night even more intimate. The lines of his friendship with Cas forever blurring since the creation of str8laced_unlaced.
“Move – please – you gotta move.” Dean pleaded.
“Well I appreciate you waking it up in me,” he took a sip of his beer. “I owe you one.”
Cas spat in his palm to help himself out, moving his hand up and down Dean’s shaft, picking up pace while he twisted his wrist, letting the head of Dean’s cock disappear into his tight fist to only reappear, angrier and pinker than before. Dean’s cock felt good in his hand, probably taste even better in his mouth.
“Fine,” Cas pouted and stopped teasing, unbuckled Dean’s jeans, top button and zip to get to what he wanted. He wasn’t expecting to watch Cas get off the couch and drop to his knees in front of Dean.
The woods behind his house was where he ran. He had been trapped in concrete walls for hours but out there he was free, he could spread his wings and sometimes he picked up a pace fast enough he wondered if he could take off. If only. He had one more school year left then he was out of this place to never return.
“The Empty cut out your tongue Dean?” he kept pressing. Dean inhaled sharp. Don’t react.
He remembers it well. Lucifer had found his stash of stories under his mattress. He fought what he could off of him and ran to the other side of the room where Gabriel’s bed was. Gabriel squared up to Lucifer, it got him a black eye. Castiel felt so guilty about it even if Gabriel insisted it was worth it if it meant Castiel got to keep his stories. He got the last laugh though when he covered Lucifer’s bed in worms. Gabriel loved playing tricks.
His mouth ghosted the shell of Dean’s ear, voice laced in his own arousal. “I want to hear you say it Dean.”
Also some kink negotiation (kinda), skull fucking, swallowing, rim jobs... its a lot. Dean loves it though.
“Boo.” Dean says. It’s usually Cas scaring Dean, not the other way around. Cas doesn’t even flinch, doesn’t even look up from his book.
He takes offence to the comment that the building is run down. Castiel has lived here for coming on four years, ok, it could be better, but it could be a whole lot worse. He bets this guy never had to live somewhere where not sleeping next to mold was considered a luxury. The guy, Castiel can only deduce, is going to be his new neighbor by the voicemail he could over hear. From the car being parked under his window Castiel can hear the guy whistling and dropping what he assumes as bags and boxes out from his car.
The sides of his neighbor’s mouth tilt up and Dean has to refrain from reaching over further to kiss them. He leans back, slings his towel over his other shoulder and claps his hands together. “So, same as last time?” he asks.
Dean whined when Cas broke from his lips, trying to pull Cas back to him. Cas chuckled, moving his mouth to Dean’s neck to plant kisses. “Do you want to be punished Dean?"
“Food aint out here Cas.” Dean said with attitude, a slight lift of his lips.
Right, Dean was the one who wanted to talk. He had to kick start it.
Sure enough, five minutes later Cas was calling him.
He saw Cas’ shadow get out of bed, walk to the farthest wall. The guard unlocked the door, Dean stepped inside and waited for them to take the cuffs off of him. Red and orange hues cast into the cell and Dean could make out Cas’ wings, arms up by his head like they were spreading. Dean didn’t think he’d ever see them again. Didn’t think he’d see Cas again.
Wednesday night?” Jess nudges him with her shoulder.
“You’re going to need protection. Gordon is still hell bent on killing me, once he gets a whiff that you’re out he’ll be after you too.”
Dean nearly spat out food. “What?”
“I’m sorry,” he whispered into them.
Cas’ eye narrowed. “I’m assuming that is sarcasm.”
“Talk, please.” Dean begged.
Castiel pads to Dean’s door. He’s in his pajamas, bare feet on the hard wood floors grounding him as he knocks on the door. He musters up some courage from somewhere. Hair an array from pulling at it out of his own frustration. The opens the door and Castiel doesn’t register Dean as the words come out before backs down from this confession.
He shook his head, hiding from the praise in his elbow. “Cas, shut up, please I’m not…”
“I see, of course.” Cas smiled. He waited for Charlie to come back out with her sword.
“I can understand you, no need to slow down your words. I’m not an idiot.”
Cas’s brows furrow a little. He doesn’t press it though and gets to work on Dean’s hand.
That didn’t stop him being an insufferable asshole and shallow beyond compare.
It looked like Dean took that in, his eyes dropped to Cas’ lips as his tongue retreated back and Cas noted the slight pink rising to his ears, bashful. Adorable. Dean must have realised his slip and tightened his jaw, like that was going to save him from what Cas just witnessed.
“Just answer the question Cas.” Dean snaps. He has upset him. He doesn’t understand.
“You seeing Benny again?”
His friend listened, picking up the pace. “Fuck – you take it so well, look at you, so beautiful.”
Dean being bi was not public knowledge in Purgatory. He wanted to keep it that way, promised Sam not to tell a living soul once they landed themselves in here. Charlie figured it out early on being gay himself, he also kept the secret safe as Dean kept his. Charlie would be prime prag material for a daddy, especially if they found out he liked it in the ass. Appearing straight kept them away, unless you were Dean apparently.
Yeah, he could probably get used to those kisses. Baby steps and all. The other stuff would inevitably follow. For now, Cas was easing him into it and Dean appreciated it.
.” She drew out the last word, like her mind was thinking of how needy got, more so than what the videos showed. He needed to put an end to this conversation before she managed to pull more information out of him.
“Alright inmates, back to your cells for count! Let’s go! Let’s go!” the guards shouted banging their batons on the rails they were standing near. Dean dropped his tray off and walked back with Benny to their block in anticipation of who was going to be there waiting for him.
“Dean…” Cas lifted his head about to speak but Dean cut him off, bringing his mouth up to kiss him. Cas couldn’t deny him, returning it and whatever he had intended on saying seemed to fade away. The movie ended some time ago. Not that either of them cared at that point, they were too content living in their bubble, basking in their afterglows.
“Watcha reading?” he changes the subject. Cas shows him the cover of the book.
“And their genius plan was to riot?”
He knew how to do it, seen other prags around here. It wasn’t an uncommon way to survive in Purgatory. How they stayed close to their Daddy, how they hung out of them and did anything they wanted, whenever they wanted, like a plaything for the sake of a beating heart. He was going to have to do that and look like he meant it, make it believable.
“Layif, Castiel said thank you layif to you.”
“No shit.” Dean scoffed. All Cas knew was how to get carried away when he was tested by another. He was like a switch, calm and collected till something set him off, then it was game over for whoever triggered it in him. Dean had been subjected to that more than once.
Gordon’s grin grew, splitting his face. “Oh, I’m gonna enjoy this.”
Dean chewed down his taffy. “What he said.” He gestured to his friend across the table. If he flat out denied it that would be too obvious, and he couldn’t exactly tell the truth either. Not that Dean even had all the truth, he knew it was contraband, he didn’t know it was freakin’ drugs they were working with in the kitchen. If it even was Angel Grace that is.
“I’d fall asleep before the water heated up.” He yawns and let’s go of Castiel.
Dean’s eyes seemed to take in Cas in front of him, the sheen of sweat on him, his grey long-sleeved top soaked through stuck to his skin and black shorts. Cas just stared back at him, not too sure what he was seeing till he noticed the tiniest lick of Dean’s tongue on his bottom lip.
“No, Balthazar will only listen to me.” Castiel replied. He sat on the edge of his bed, elbows on his knees again leaning forward to look at Dean.
Dean put his hand up in front of his friend’s face silencing him from adding the words
Final noticeable difference being the space where he usually stood with his brother and Charlie, sometimes Bobby had been replaced by new inmates. His brother, his friends were not there. Dean scanned the yard, eyes on the hunt for his lurch of a brother landing on the Russians with his brother and Charlie sitting with them. Wait, what?
“Jess told me why you’re her favourite professor the other day,” Dean says eventually. “The first time she ever met you, you said that the best stories she could tell are the stories within her life.”
“Oi, you two, stop messing around or I’ll write you both up.” A guard called out. Whatever about the navy guards being piss poor excuses of authority, these guys from Hell were not playing around. Dean reluctantly threw the concrete onto the wall for next brick and not onto Benny.
He knew Cas unleashed hell onto Gordon, hell that he probably wanted to unleash on himself for not being there for Dean, for the days that led to Gordon finding his way into Dean. It wasn’t Cas’ fault Dean was stubborn. He couldn’t let Cas think it was his fault for what happened to him. He needed to show him, this was a sure way of doing it and he needed to do it before he chickened himself out of it.
Cas takes Dean home.
“Falling.”
“Goodnight Dean.”
The weight in the bed shifted, his hips dipped and then he felt something unknown touch lightly against his rim, like a whisper. He opened his eyes to see Dean’s arm in front of him, his hand between his legs, his finger touching Cas’ ass alongside Cas’ own. His chest heaved.
“Yes, that would be helpful.” Cas said. He went to the side to grab two aprons. One black, one dark grey. “Which one?”
Dean cocked his head to the side, almost imitating Cas’ no doubt. He should keep walking, he knew he should keep walking and yet his legs refused to move, stuck on the pavement. Whoever Dean was with noticed him staring and whipped his head around. It caught Cas’ eye. He was met with a younger face, there were some similarities to Dean. He had to be a family member. His smile was bright, innocent and he waved at Cas with enthusiasm.
He shoved that memory away. He didn’t need to pop a premature boner if he was supposed to at least pretend to eat some of this food before suggesting anything sexual. He needed to gauge Cas’ reaction too, for all Dean knew, Cas took the editing of their pornos very seriously and found nothing about it sexual in the slightest.
Cas scratched the hairs at the base of his neck. “Already?”
Cas inhaled deeply, chest rising under his trench coat. Dean knew that breath. He was about to possibly disappoint his daughter. “Maybe another time, your Dad is coming to take you to your swimming lessons and then back to his for dinner and a movie, remember?”
“In that video, the guy gets skull fucked and swallows. Do you want that too?”
“Thank you,
Cas is back quickly with a green tin box in his hands. He’s just in that loose white top again and a pair of boxers, his hair in array. He really did wake Cas up from his sleep. Cas takes the other stool out and opens the box, rummaging through it to take out what he needs
Cas threw him over his boxers. “Then movie.”
“It’s not happening Cas, the whole freakin’ prison already thinks I’m your prag.”
Cas went back into his bedroom, reopening the email from PayPal. Three hundred dollars from giving two hand jobs. The thought of becoming a male escort currently seemed alluring. Not that he would be any good at it. Perhaps if it didn’t involve any talking. Men found Cas attractive till he spoke, then their interest dipped. Most of his hookups happened during a drunken state as he felt looser, could embody that part of himself that liked to take control without much reservation or concern. Cas tended to be drunk two, three times a week which usually meant he was sexually satisfied most of the time. Emphasis on most of the time. Recently his hook ups were not as satisfying as they once had been. The lack of connection itched away under his skin. The only thing that had changed in his life to lead to that being Dean.
He walks out of the kitchen without a pie.
The cocktail alcohol and arousal were making Cas get ahead of himself. He needed to remember Dean was new to this, not only new to being with a man, but also a slightly tabooer side of sex. He decided to not agonize Dean any longer, stripping himself down to his boxers and climbing up Dean’s body to check in on him.
Dean kissed the top of her head, wrapped his free arm around her back to keep her snug and safe from the bad dreams even if they were in her head. He never wanted her to feel bad things, never wanted anything bad to happen to her. He wanted her to have a great life. She could have a great life with Dean. She could have an even better one with Cas and Claire, maybe even a perfect one.
Castiel nods. “I give that speech to every first-year lecture.” He could almost recite it by memory.
.” He rasped out, suddenly overwhelmed with the sensation of it. He felt Cas’ tongue lap at it for a bit, making Dean’s leg spread wider on their own accord, wanting more of it, all of it. Dean gave into it completely, bringing a leg up to hook it over Cas’ shoulder, arching into the touch of Cas' mouth, writhing on the bed, gasping for air that wasn’t coming to him easily.
The cell bolted. The guard walked away.
When the weight of Cas’ on his thighs shifted Dean gripped onto the pillow tight, knowing what was to come. His trousers and boxers were being discarded and once freed from their confinement Dean bent one of his knees up higher for Cas. In for a penny and all that. He knew he was in for one hell of a rim job.
“What gives then?” he asks while taking another bite of his delicious burrito.
Fuck it. He needed this and some part of his brain told him Dean did too.
Her sadness is turning into panic, the anxiety rises up within her and she’s trying to catch her breath. She needs a distraction, some lightness to subside the anxiety. Castiel decides to bend a boundary.
“I’m reading.”
Cas still looked confused and in need of further explaining, not that Dean could give him one. “I don’t know man. It’s just an expression people use.”
Cas put his phone down and went back to shading in a perfect o shape mouth.
“I got you buddy.” Dean replies, hoping Cas hears it. He feels Cas press a kiss to Dean’s chest and he has to close his eyes out of fear that he’ll do something he’ll regret if he looks down.
Driving off to Cas’ he could feel her gloss on his lips.
“Will do
“I can handle myself.” Was what Dean decided to answer with. The guy took the opportunity to drag his eyes down the length of Dean’s body. They were in the same hideous orange uniform. The heat meant they didn’t have to wear the orange V neck top at least, both of them in white round neck t-shirts and the polyester orange trousers with white trainers. Somehow Dean felt he wasn’t just looking at his clothes, the guy stopping to look at how Dean’s arms stretched over the fabric in his sleeve and the same on his thighs.
“Which is?”
“Then you’ll find out later.”
“For fuck sake Cas,” he sat down on the edge of the bed, elbows on his thighs, digging his fingers into his hair. “She knows, ok, she just…knows and I’m freaking out over here.”
That Saturday Cas had brought Claire over to check out the tree house. Claire was still unconvinced that Dean managed to build it because aside from loving stars and space, taking Dean down a few pegs was a favourite thing of hers. He was close to bringing out the sketches he still had of his earlier designs to convince her then he realised she was a four-year-old and he was a grown ass man. Cas had given him a look that said you’re not going to win this one, so he saved his breath.
The way Cas looked at him while he inhaled his pancakes made him think he wasn’t alone.
“Because she said HE!” he cut his friend off, pulling away from Cas to continue pacing.
“I have many, be specific.”
If only they had more time.
“I rarely joke Dean.” Cas re-opens his book. “I will wake you when our clothes are finished.”
Cas lifted his shirt up a bit to get at his lower back and pulled his waistband of his trousers down too, not down enough for his ass to be on show (unfortunately). When the Russian pressed the heel of his palms into Dean’s back he groaned into the pillow from the pain.
Dean didn’t have time to explain himself and his outburst. He hoped with Bobby knowing him pretty much his whole life he’d pick up on the fact Dean wasn’t in the mood to be explaining himself. He would eventually, maybe, if there was anything worth explaining.
“Dean can you explain to me what I’ve done?”
“Will you let me put my mouth here?”
“Cas,” he broaches carefully, rounding the tree and getting down on the ground to kneel in front of Cas, “Look man, I’m sorry I shouldn’t have…”
“I remembered how to flirt once I got into the swing of it. Forgot how much fun it is.”
“You remember what I told you?” Cas asked softly. A hand moved into Dean's hair, thumb brushing over the shell of his ear to take his head. He moaned at the contact, missing Cas’ touch on him these past weeks. Nails dug in, drawing him back to Cas. “Do you remember?”
Leaning back to sit on his knees, he lubed up his own erection, hissing slightly at the contact. He had been neglecting it, more out of necessity. The chances of him lasting long inside of Dean were slim and he didn’t need any more added stimulation. Dean was going to be more than enough.
Did he want to see the video? Cas must have seen the final product. Edited it to get rid of the audio and whatever else he had to do. He was good with that stuff. Part of his degree was photography meaning he knew how to work media. Dean wasn’t too sure if he wanted to see himself getting jacked off by his best friend. He had to live it sure and at the time it was weird, then turned good which was weird in itself but now time had passed he wasn’t sure if he wanted to open that up again.
“They’ll tire themselves out eventually, they always do,” she reaches up to kiss Dean on the cheek and reaches down to kiss Castiel too. “Goodnight.”
How did Dean know? Because sometimes studying got too much for him and he needed to do something to get rid of the stress ok? Orgasms helped take the edge off. He tried his usual porn outlets, watching some good ole busty Asian beauties or curvy blonde girls with bouncing tits but he couldn’t get to finish line with them. The only thing getting him there being the videos on that gay amateur website. It was how he found that video that led to that night in the bathroom.
He was fine by the time pick-up came around for Charlie. Cas was in the playground with Dean’s daughter’s hair in his hands. It made him stop in his tracks, trying to get his phone before either of them noticed and ruined it. Cas was putting her hair in a French plait, or at least trying to, something Dean never even attempted to master. He could do a mean ponytail and a bun if Charlie spun around while he held her hair. He was glad she didn’t like it up because he always felt like he was hurting her when he did it. Cas looked like he was being so gentle with her that a lump of affection got caught in Dean’s throat.
It earns him another chuckle. “Such a freaking koala bear.”
they called themselves. Cas was beginning to get impatient too, Dean looked too good to be left alone for much longer, so he brought his attention back to his laptop, finishing it up and hitting the large red icon on the website to start the live stream.
Dean could swing that. He rarely took a lunch, worked straight through but this was a conversation worth having in person and without their kids’ arounds to distract them.
“Took your…” he was about to say then he sees its Cas. A very unimpressed Cas wearing a loose white t-shirt and soft black sweats. Cas is in his pajamas and Dean can’t help to take the opportunity to look at Cas’s exposed collarbone now he is in something other than a button-down shirt on. He has faintest tan line from his neck to his chest. Dean did wonder if Cas was naturally sallow or just from the sun. His body is lean, leaner than Dean had expected for someone who’s job involved a suit and tie. Buzzed Dean has no inhibitions. He notices his mouth is open, possibly salivating over the thought of sucking a bruise into that collarbone. He closes it sharpish.
“You want to ruin my bed lev?” Cas asked dark and heavy. He would, he was close if he let himself indulge more than he already was, letting his hips sway into the bed, getting a good friction going but he also wanted to make Cas feel good, wanted to feel Cas cum in his mouth and fall apart just like Cas makes him fall apart.
“Yes, I am actually.” He replied with instead. “We’ve been seeing each other a few months.”
That didn’t help Dean understand. “You’re going to need to spell it out for me Sam.”
Castiel weighs up what to say. He can feel Dean tense beside him, like he’s regretting suggesting lunch, suggesting Castiel come and sit with his friends who were technically Cas’ students. He doesn’t want Dean to feel bad, he never wants Dean to feel like he’s messed up ever again if Castiel can help it.
His hand went for Cas’ wrist that was holding the shiv. Cas’ was so crazed he didn’t even register that Dean was there till his hand was wrapped around it stopping him from slicing Gabriel. His blue eyes darted to Dean, one of them had a ring of blood around it from the cut above his brow.
“Would you let me put my mouth on your dick too?” he asked.
“How about you give me my hand back and I can check you out huh?”
That became a regular thing in the week following. Cas going down to Masters cell, avoiding any long periods of time in the cell with Dean. Dean did too, choosing to spend rec-time with his brother and Charlie down around their cell. Any time spent in the cell reminded him of Cas, couldn’t look at the man’s bed without a spark of heat running through him, couldn’t look at the chair either. The only space untouched by Cas was his bed, and the toilet. So, half of the cell was tainted by Cas and the memories surrounding him.
“I did.” Cas replied, completely sincere.
It would be the first time he did this to Cas, not the first time he thought about it. Cas’ dick was something Dean had wanted to get up close and personal with for some time now. His hands and Cas’ dick were friends, good friends even and his mouth was starting to feel left out. He was patient though, something he needed to pretend to be able to build up to. A couple of weeks of hand jobs and frottage was enough patience in his book.
Dean inhaled, exhaled a shaky breath. “I thought-” Crap his eyes were welling up, he closed them, not wanting the tears to fall. “I thought you wanted me.”
“Boring.” Jo drawled.
Two fingers in and Dean was writhing, chest coating in a sheen of sweat that Cas couldn’t help dipping down to sample a taste. His taste buds found salt, musk, 100% pure Dean. He trailed his tongue up Dean’s center, turning right at his peck to take one of his nipples between his lips.
“You sounded so beautiful Dean when you came for me.” Cas’ voice so close to Dean’s ear, so real and not slightly distorted from being on the other end of a phone line.
Dean turned away from his brother, not wanting to have a conversation about it. This wasn’t a heart to heart moment for them. This was something Dean needed to do, there was no way out of this one. He had a debt to pay.
He didn’t get to reply. Cas would have to wait for his answer, if he was willing to give it.
“Oh yeah,” she remembered. “Can I come another time?” Claire asked. Surprisingly no tantrum, perhaps the kid really did like her other Dad. It wasn’t like she knew he possibly tore Cas’ heart into a million tiny pieces.
“Break it up, no touching.” A guard said. Dean let go and didn’t complain, no back talk, no attitude which was unlike him. That got a curious brow from his brother.
Each section a little glimpse into Dean and Cas'... whatever they are ;)
“Daddy, I found what I wanna get her!” The concept of saying anything without yelling also lost on her. It was either shouting at the top of her lungs or whispering, there was rarely any in between. He noticed some parents looking at him like did he really leave a four-year-old unattended? What kind of Father was he? He hated the stares and yes, he was well aware he was reading too much into them. A single Dad came with some serious baggage attached to it and he was still working his way through it. The toothy smile of Charlie in her knight in shining armor costume made the stares worth it. He hunkered down to get to her level and see what she was pointing at.
“Awh, c’mon Anna. Not in the mood for some OA? Orphans anonymous. We can compare notes on how much abuse we endured, it’ll be fun then we can head back to mine and inhale raw cookie dough batter till we puke. A typical Friday night in my books.”
He cut Dean off by pushing him into the free bedroom. The room was dark, the only light from the streetlamps. Cas closed the door behind him and locked it.
A surge of anger made its way through Dean. “You two just get a kid and he’s off screwing someone else?” his tone was filled with venom for the guy who he didn’t even know.
He snuck out quietly, not before having a chance to see Cas asleep, curled up in his bed wrapped in his duvet like the burrito he had for lunch, his head just peeking out. His soft snores told Dean he was out for the count. It was adorable, a whole other side of Cas he hadn’t seen before. The many layers to his neighbor.
Dean didn’t need to ask him to translate. He knew.
“Another,” Dean urged. “Give me another.”
“I need a smoke.”
He could play it off, save their friendship and possibly get some more orgasms out of the Russian in the process as well. Dean knew Cas wanted him. He never hid that part of himself from Dean. He could keep his straight guy façade up, a straight guy in need of some release, that kinda thing happened in Purgatory all the time. The sounds the other inmates made during the night didn’t leave much to his imagination.
The hand moved up to Dean’s hair. “Look at me lev.”
“You ready?”
“High praise coming from you,” Cas spoke casually, like he wasn’t fazed at all when in fact his trousers were starting to get uncomfortable, “How many hand jobs do you even get a week? Four? Five?”
Dean jumps up from where he’s standing and lets out what can only be described as a yelp.
He didn’t answer.
“What do you want Dean?” Cas replied with snark. Unfortunately, or perhaps fortunately for Dean he wasn’t in the mood for his usual antics this afternoon.
“That’s it, feel it Dean, feel it build,” He said watching as the shakes returned to Dean’s gorgeous body, close to the cusp of orgasm. “Tell me when you’re…”
“Here I have a spare…” Cas shifted Claire onto her other hip with ease. The slight show of strength did not make Dean’s stomach tighten. Nope. Cas took a piece of paper from his coat pocket, handed it to Dean. “Claire made them.”
The girl looked unimpressed that Cas was interrupting them. “Yes, can I help you?”
“Fuck me already.” He said, bracing himself for Dean.
Dean had only wanted to help but perhaps he put his foot into something bigger than he intended. “I mean, if your Dad is cool with it.” Attempting to save it, hoping he had and not just turned Cas into the bad guy if he had to say no to his daughter at her freakin’ birthday party.
Another clattering sound comes in from the other side of the wall. He puts the phone away for the sake of Cas managing to get out of his apartment on time and not have to keep cleaning up what he smashed from Dean’s texts. Besides, Dean’s got a date with his dick. He doesn’t have work till later and has a whole new stock of memories to play with.
Cas shook his head, bringing Dean in to kiss his worries away and replace it with the only thing he had for the man in front of him. Love.
“No Cas, I…just put your top on.” He puts his top on begrudgingly. Dean sighs. If this had been Sam, he would have shoved him under the shower to snap the sober back into him. His patience wearing thin at this stage. He gets Cas’ pajama bottoms up and turns down the duvet hoping Cas takes the hint to get in without instruction.
“Cas did it for me.” She twisted in his grasp, almost blinding him with the new weapon attached to her. Charlie had hair almost to her elbows and as thick as Rapunzel’s looked. Yes, Dean knew what it looked like. His daughter liked to remind him that they had matching eyes. To be fair, they kinda did when he was trying to win her over. He inspected the braid, looked like it wasn’t about to fall out and didn’t look like it was pulling her scalp.
Cas touches Dean’ kneecap with his hand, gently pushing it, a small request. Dean shifts one of his legs wider for Cas to slot in between them, hoping that’s what he wanted from him. It’s all quiet requests and silent stares he’s learning to decipher. If Cas could just give him the key to break it. Then there it is, what he’s been looking for. Dean feel like he’s on show again, a show just for Cas. He licks his lips.
“I’m sorry.” Her voice all quiet and sad. He kissed her head realising he had sounded angrier than he intended. He put her down and got down to her level to talk to her.
Something warm bloomed inside of Cas. He tried not to fight it for now and lay back down beside Dean, a little closer this time.
“Promise.” The first word since his friends left him. That’s not concerning at all.
“You need some help carrying them over?”
Ah, crap.
“You want me to put worms in her bed?” Gabriel suggests quietly. It makes Castiel smile.
That kinda of attention on him did things to Dean. Cas had always been a starrer, but this kind of stare was almost predatory and with the extra light in the room he could see Cas’ face almost perfectly. The parted chapped lips and five o clock shadow, he never really paid attention to them before and suddenly when arousal was mixed in, he was appreciating them much more.
Dean coughs. He realises he’s staring and looks away.
Gordon’s death was the talk of Purgatory for a few of days along with the unexpected suicide of the other gang member who was found hanging in his cell. There was a half ass inquiry into what happened. If anything, Cas had done the world a favour smiting that man from existence.
“Died a while back.”
“He came down from Hell yesterday, Uriel’s nowhere to be seen.” Charlie informed him.
“C’mon, thought you didn’t like it when I begged.” Dean joked.
Dean got up off the ground, took some books off his brother to help him out as he spoke.
Both boys groaned at the order from John Winchester.
It ached Dean hearing it aloud. He would have been fine without never hearing it aloud. Now he had to face it, face things he didn’t want to face. “You know that?” Cas pressed.
He turned around to look at the boy on his bed. His messed hair, pink cheeks and flushed chest. Cas tried to memorise it one last time.
The Russian answered with moving himself off of the bed and into Dean’s lap in one quick swift movement like he had before. One hand braced on Dean’s shoulder, the other moving down his chest at an equally swift pace. This time Dean didn’t have to hold back as much, this time he could let some of his enjoyment show and not worry about losing control under Cas’ touch. He rested his hands on Cas’ waist as Cas went to work on him, resting soon turned into gripping as the Russian got his hand on Dean’s cock under his trousers.
“What do you want Crowley?” Sam asked knowing all too well that Crowley didn’t interact with others unless absolutely necessary. He kept to himself, kept to his sex workers and observed Purgatory from a safe distance. People came up to him, he never sought out people.
“That’s it.” Cas praised. “So good, just as I remembered.”
Charlie looked up from the cross word he was working on, eyes bright and brows bouncing with interest. “Details
“It’s all I ask,” Cas kissed his wet cheeks. “And I’ll be there with you every step.”
Last chapter *sobs*
“I said…” he’s about to repeat himself, maybe he wasn’t clear enough.
“Yeah,” he nodded. “and you’re Kevin’s Mom?”
“Strip.” The firm order rippled through Dean and he complied, tearing off his shirt and top like they had all of a sudden caught fire.
He kept having this fleeting image of the girls running into the kitchen at any moment in their pajamas demanding orange juice. Dean would remind them about manners and Cas would pour them some juice, kissing their mess of hairs asking them how they slept. It ached him.
“What do you want me to do?” Dean asked.
“He does, or at least…I think he does.”
Sam and Charlie were waiting for Dean, leaning against their cell with grins on their faces at what just unfolded in front of them. He recomposed himself, shaken himself back to reality and motioned for them to join him to go to dinner.
He gave his brother the finger.
“Plan on being on time once this week Mr. Novak?” she questioned.
“All I know is we’re on our way to breakfast, next thing the siren goes and we’re all on the ground wondering what the hell is going on then I hear 10-54d on a guard’s radio as he runs past me…”
When Castiel manages to get up and open his windows the parking space under his window is empty. He didn’t realise he had slept through the racket of that car leaving. His clock reads 10am. Gabriel has already texted him twice and three missed calls.
“Yes, fuck yes.” Dean cursed, hands taking hold of Cas’ hair, fingers digging into his scalp hard. Cas took more, slacking his jaw till his mouth filled with Dean’s cock, touching the back of his throat. “Oh, my fucking God—
“I’ll find out later you know, when I read them all.”
Dean brings him back to the moment, moves down Castiel’s back to let his fingers slid under the waist band of Castiel’s bottoms, silently asking if it’s here he wants Castiel to touch him. Castiel whines because yes Dean needs to touch his ass but shakes his head, there is something more pressing that needs Dean’s hands on and then he feels Dean skate his hands around to his front to get to where he wants Dean to touch him.
They might be quick with him, he hoped they would be. The way they’d been stalking Dean all this time, that pent up that only thing he could hope for at this stage is that they’ll be quick with him, they won’t cut him, bruise him. He’d do it, he’d take it if it meant it was over quicker. He wanted to throw up from the thought of it, probably was going to throw up once they started shoving their dicks in his mouth one after the other.
Cas, you’re killing me.”
Cas hit the guy, again, again and again. After the first blow his two men didn’t even need to hold his hands down, he was unconscious. The guards didn’t move, pretended not to see because Cas had that kind of power in here. Cas stood back up. Fist bloodied. Balthazar pulled a cloth from his pocket for Cas to wipe his hand, like he’d just eaten a taco and got some grease on his hand, not beat on someone to within an inch of his life.
His body shudders when he feels Dean’s lips press against them next. The same as before, each one he touches and then he wraps his mouth around Cas’ cock and blows him.
He knows a name. Its whether he wants to say it or not. Dean just looks and waits, knowing Cas is debating the words on the tip of his tongue.
No one got to touch him except Cas.
“I thought they might be nice mixed in.” Dean shrugged. He leaned against the counter watching Cas arrange the ingredients in an order that probably made sense but was lost on Dean. “You need me to call out the recipe?” he fished his phone out.
“I’m here,” he whispered. “Right here, let me in, you can do it.”
He heard Dean calling him something expletive. Cas ignored that too, deciding to shower quickly. He washed away the sweat off his body, running his hands deep into his muscles to loosen them up after the surge of adrenaline. He fought the urge to touch himself, that would only prolong the shower and he didn’t trust Dean to be left alone in his room for any longer than necessary.
He kissed lower and lower till his mouth came to contact with Dean’s rim. Cas pressed his mouth against it, letting his tongue slide out to touch it. He heard Dean’s strangled moans but no protests. Dean settled into it this time, letting the sensation wash over him, reveling in Cas’ tongue lapping at his hole, relaxing him after his extensive edging session. Dean sank into the covers and Cas stayed there for some time, just licking Dean, sedating him, looking after him. When he felt Dean’s muscles untighten he moved his mouth, wrapping it around Dean’s cock and it didn’t take long for Dean to cum, spilling into his mouth with desperate quiet moans. Cas drank it up, everything Dean gave him.
He replied in a hum, sucking Dean down more and more in rhythm with the hand on his own member. The boy under him shuddered and with a thud his head hit the wall. Cas looked up, seeing Dean staring at the ceiling with glistening swollen lips. He was beautiful when he was broken.
“I heard your footsteps Dean.” he flicks over to the next page.
“You’re an author, that’s pretty freaking cool,” He says genuinely. Castiel doesn’t know how to respond to that, compliments are not what he’s used to. He turns back to the pot to stir as it begins to bubble. He adds the parsley. “An angel’s falling,” He hears Dean read the title aloud. “A collection of short stories from renowned award winning story teller Castiel, award winning seriously Cas?”
Cas chuckled quietly. “Are we?”
Upstairs Dean and Cas dropped their bags on Dean’s bed. The futon already laid out for Cas on the floor though they both knew there he wouldn’t be sleeping in it. Dean closed his bedroom door and flung his tired body onto his bed, he sighed into his pillow. His body suddenly feeling the lack of energy in it.
Dean scoffed. “Nothing gets past you, old man.”
The siren went, bodies dropped to the floor and he didn’t stop. He didn’t stop hitting till his arms were being pulled back, till he physically couldn’t beat on Gordon anymore. Dean shouted, cried out in rage as he was being pulled away by the guards, feet dragged along the ground and he fought against them. It took five men to take him down and carry him away.
“Fine, maybe a little. Can you blame me?”
“Deystvitel'no?"
One lazy morning Dean wakes Cas up with a roaming hand. Ghost like touches caress his exposed skin. The bedsheet is pushed down to their waists. He keeps his eyes closed, enjoying the moment. He wonders if Dean knows he’s awake, wonders if Dean has done this at other times while Cas slumbers beside him. The thought sparks a low warmth in the pit of stomach.
He showers, shaves and dresses himself in record time.
That was Cas ending the play. A verbal thank you.
Cas wasn’t entirely sure what to do next, eyes seeming to drift back to Dean, freckles more pronounced under the bright bathroom light, cheeks flushed and breathing labored. He was about to ask if they were ok when Dean reached out to run his thumb along Cas’ bottom lip. He parted them on reflex, thumb slipping in an inch then slipping out to bring it to his own mouth to taste. The same gesture Cas did the night before.
“I’m at work Dean.” he says in a rush.
When he climbed the stairs to his cell there was someone outside of it. A Russian. The count wasn’t called yet. Dean walked up, hands in his pockets taking a deep breath as he went. Last thing he wanted was to bunk with a Russian.
He refused to acknowledge how good Dean looked on it.
“You text or call me if…” Dean said to his brother over his shoulder as he stood out onto the porch.
it felt good getting this kind of attention.
When he saw Cas’, hand lift off his balls and onto his hip Dean felt his orgasm rise up. He jacked off, the sound of his skin slapping and Cas’ name on his lips as he came shattering him, leaving him breathless and sticky, much like the Dean in the video, panting, cock twitching and come splattered on his stomach from Cas’ hand job.
The bed dipped beside him. He didn’t move.
“I’m glad you’re out Dean, I missed you.”
After a moment or two Dean shuffled, distant sounds of elastic bands snapping, and a belt being fastened. The bed moved. Cas turned onto his side to watch Dean. He ran a hand through his sandy hair then pulled at his face like he was still reeling in what had happened, what is happening between them.
Dean noticed the reaction and did it again, bobbing his mouth on Cas’ cock. His quiet moans getting louder and the hand in Dean’s hair gripping tighter. He felt his body heating up, sweat starting to gather in the small of his back. He wasn’t going to last much longer, not with Dean’s gorgeous mouth sliding up and down his cock, tongue moving in frantic directions inside. The pace quickened, an energy in Dean that had Cas wanting to fuck up into his mouth, fighting every urge to skull fuck him.
“You have like little bruises on your neck,” she moved around his body, “and on the other side too.”
He’d deal with the consequences of that later. Too tired to care at that moment and he wanted his energy back for yard time, what waited for him out there. So yeah, another hour and then a shower and a shave were needed in exchange for missing out on the grub.
It was a snow day after all, and the first of the season.
“Not really.” She admits. He can see her eyes starting to well up. Castiel isn’t great with emotions, especially sadness. He wasn’t allowed to show it at the orphanage, never show any weakness to the other kids, never let God know you’re sad because he created you, you need to be grateful for your existence. The sadness in his students usually related to academic stress, Castiel could cope with that kind of sadness. It was more a release that needed to happen, a bottling up of keeping it all together, the load of work, the pressure of the college, the pressure of parents, etc.
,” Charlie scoffed. “The Russians are about as secretive as the Illuminati.”
Dean slings the tea towel over his shoulder, sits the shot glasses on a tray and walks out from behind the bar to the pool table to serve up the drinks. The four girls are sitting around a table having a whale of a time. All tight thin clothes and exposed skin.
“Wednesday night,” he clarified, blue eyes locked in on Dean. “You’re all I can think about.”
“Trust me sweetheart, I’m all good.” He lied. He brought her in close, kissed her forehead because she was short enough for him to do that. She was stunning, she was sweet and funny, and every other adjective Dean could think of to describe a perfect person to date except Dean didn’t want to date. He wanted to indulge.
Cas pushes Dean.
Cas smiled at that. Usually his attitude would get him in trouble, Cas seemed to like it. He eased up, dropped the shiv but didn’t get out of Dean’s lap. Dean wasn’t going to protest. The guy did just almost slit his throat. He was just glad to be still breathing.
“How do you know they’re mine?” Dean walks over to a free machine, throws in his clothes with his washing powder. He doesn’t wear anything remotely white.
At one point she took his chin in her hand and shoved his face to the left, wanting him to see something. In the light hall he could see Dean and that girl making their way through the crowd and up the stairs hand in hand. It sparked something dark in Cas.
“Where you think you’re going?”
“I anoint you Commander of Cookies.” She said it so seriously that Dean had to cover his mouth to not break the game. His shoulders jittered though, giving him away. “Rise Commander.”
He then realised he just offered to drop his child off to play at another child’s house without even asking the parent first. That was definitely not ok, rookie parenting mistake. They might have had plans, or Cas might not have wanted a play date or any other of countless things.
“Happy Thanksgiving man.” Dean replied and took a seat on the sofa next to Riot, resting his feet on the coffee table in front of him.
“Chto vy khotite, chtoby ya skazal yemu.”
“No, I wasn’t listening.” he replies.
Nothing else seemed to go in once he heard the words,
“Can I at least sit down? Take my jacket and shoes off?”
They stayed like that for a beat or two. Dean’s head buried in the crook of Cas’ neck panting at how full he felt, consumed by nothing but Cas and trying to keep himself from cumming untouched because it had been so long since he’d been fucked, and it was a sensory overload. Combined with the weight of what it meant to have Cas, his Cas inside of him, he knew he wouldn’t last long once Cas got moving.
Completely on board with this, Cas took his phone off, turning his camera to video. He nearly dropped it twice then hit the red button, positioning the camera between them for their impromptu porno.
He had already cum a couple of hours before, that didn’t seem to matter to little Dean who was starting to perk up under his hand. Dean rolled his hips down into the couch cushions, watching his friend move in front of him, arms still crossed. Blue eyes fixated on Dean palming himself over his pants.
“You need to go pick up your daughter.” Cas noted his lack of wanting to leave.
“Claire invited me to her birthday party, can I do please please please
It was a whole other side from the Cas he experienced in the lift anyway. Which by the way, what the hell was that about and what can Dean do for it happen again? He hadn’t gotten an erection that fast since high school. There he was, almost 30 years old crumbling under the intensity that was Cas in that tiny lift. If he wasn’t holding onto that rail he would have buckled, you could bet your life on it.  Cas’ sure movements, the way he pressed harder into his neck like he fucking
“Hello Dean,” Cas greeted him. “Sorry I’m late, my meeting over ran.”
“Are you two trying to get me drunk?” Cas pointed suspiciously to his friends.
He shook his celly’s knee, wanting to get the show on the road. “C’mon Cas.”
He wasn’t allowed to talk. A fuck, this was supposed to be a fuck. This was turning into something else, something entirely out of Cas’ comfort zone. He was actually shaking.
“Sammy went to Stanford.” Dean pointed out. “You might have been finishing up as he started…well, actually that’s me assuming we’re the same age. Are we?”
They shared a chuckle, then there was screaming and shouting pulling them away from their conversation. “Save me Daddy!” Charlie came running in, hands up about to leap up off the ground and into Dean’s arms. He was ready taking her with ease up into his arms. Claire came running in after with Charlie’s foam sword in her arms.
“You’re annoyed.” Dean said.
“Didn’t understand?”
He doesn’t go to the bleachers for lunch because he knows Dean will be there waiting for him deciding instead to hang out in the art room where its safe and he can fester in this sea of green without anyone seeing. He breaks his pencil more times than he can count.
It was 8.45am. As usual, they were cutting it close. She loved it when the playground was empty, felt like her own kingdom for her to rule. If Dean wasn’t terrified of the pre-school teachers, he’d let her stay on it all day. The gravel shifted under the weight of his boots to get to her by the time she slid down. Her arms were up in the air and a loud squeal came out of her. Dean bent down and scooped her up into his arms to take her away.
The bottom bunk moved. The guy back lying on his bed reading his book probably. He didn’t need his new celly seeing those looks either, getting ideas that it was something Dean did or something that he could take from Dean. They were similar build but if he was like any of the other Russians in here, he could take on someone twice his size and still win. Dean couldn’t take that chance. He hopped off the bed needing to set some house rules.
Dean dropped his bag, crossed the space and embraced his Mom, lifting her up and swinging her around. He hadn’t seen her since Christmas, sure they spoke on the phone, but the lack of money and intense college year really limited his resources on being able to make the trip to see them. She smelled like home and Dean sank into it, suddenly realising how much he had missed this space.
“No hospitals.” Dean shakes his head.
“I missed you more!” Claire replied with just as much enthusiasm.
“I told you not to fucking touch me.” he growled.
“Jesus Christ man you scared the crap out of me!” Dean grips to where his heart is. The guy is looking at him like he’s never seen another human being before. It makes Dean feel he’s an animal in a zoo or something. And while he’s at it since when could eyes be that blue?
“Don’t treat me like those girls,” he says sharply, “I’m not like them.”
Dean scrubbed his teeth ten times to be on the safe side of not having too much of an herby mouth for his date, hook-up, sex sesh, whatever it was going to be. He hadn’t really thought to ask. All he got was a time. He dressed somewhat nice, one of his better blue flannels with a non-worn out pair of jeans. Sam was leaning against the doorframe in spare bedroom as Dean tied his boots up.
Dean is a bit taken aback if he is all that honest with himself. The idea of Cas standing in front of an auditorium filled with students is a surprise. Cas told him that night he wasn’t a people person and yet he did that, he does that, daily. He speaks to students and relates to them on a level that has Jess calling him her favourite professor. It reminds him of that night when he was doing his laundry and reading those short stories. The attention to detail Cas gave every one of them, Dean jotted it down to being particular but no, he did it because he cared about his students were writing which turns out, was themselves.
“You haven’t taken a lunch break in coming on four years,” He noted, leaning against the car Dean was working under. He could see Bobby’s boots near his legs. “What gives?”
There was something about lying on his bed with Dean that distracted him. It wasn’t like Dean was the first person to lie on his bed, plenty of faceless people have graced his bedroom. Perhaps it was because they weren’t doing anything, just lying there watching the movie that was the problem. The only time someone else was on Cas’ bed was when they were doing far more graphic activities than watching a documentary. It confused Cas. He felt his brain was bleeding memories and the present moment together.
Yeah, his ass was going to enjoy this alright.
Cas knew Dean to be bossy when frustrated and not being able to talk was killing him.
Christ, Cas needed to go to confession for having a voice that sinful. Dean felt that in his bones it was that deep, penetrating his skin and muscle. He found himself slipping under Cas’ voice, hooked on it. Cas asked a question and for some reason Dean needed to answer him. Compelled to.
Dean whined at the unexpected pet name, hand needing to take an even tighter grip of his own aching erection. He wasn’t entirely too sure he wouldn’t come from this, whatever the hell this was. A name like that from anyone else and he’d be punching them in the face, somehow Cas saying it made him feel special. A kind of special he only wanted Cas to see.
“Do you want to?” Cas asked. He scoffed.
Cas nodded, not averting his eyes.
He hadn’t even made it to his bed to deal with his erection, just fell onto his couch freeing himself from his jeans and thinking of Cas with his hand on his neck, not a thumb, the whole hand wrapped around it and his other hand reached around from behind Dean to jack him off with just as sure movements as he had in the lift, giving him that kind of attention. Dean almost split his lip he was holding it in his teeth so hard when he came, hips rising off of the sofa on their own accord. It was freaking awesome.
“Assbut I think you called me.”  Dean points to the note. “Never been called an assbut before.” That gets Cas to look up at him. The pink on the tops of his ears starting to appear.
“I thought you said you’ve known me my whole life.” Castiel takes the mug off of Gabriel. It has gone cold now, too much time spent day dreaming.
He couldn’t even look at Cas. “Whatever it is you’re about to do, don’t Cas, please, I…”
“Glad you two patched things up. He’s my supervisor for my final paper, the happier he is, the better chance I have of getting a good grade.” Jess says.
“Cool your jets for a second kiddo, capishe?”
“What you waiting for?! Go!” Meg shouted over the music and pushed him out of the dancefloor. He didn’t object, stumbling a little but finding his feet before he face-planted on the ground and gave himself a concussion.
can.” Gabriel pushes it into his mouth. He takes it, easier to than risk getting it down his top. His face scrunches up, like sucking on a lemon. The assumption that it gets better the drunker you are is false. Tequila does not taste better. If anything, it’s worse as it adds to the sloshing pit of his insides that contains beer, bourbon and tequila. Mixing drinks, another plan not thought out well.
“Gabriel,” Yeah, Dean didn’t need to hear that name ever again. He downs the rest of his drink and pours another. “You asked.” Cas is responding to his sudden attitude change.
Cas hooked his finger into Dean’s bottom teeth to use it as a leaver to get Dean closer to him. Without words it was difficult to know what Cas wanted him to do. Cas patted his thigh, giving Dean a signal and Dean shimmied out of his jeans to straddle Cas. He put his hands on either side of Cas to steady himself, his finger still embedded in Dean’s mouth, not going anywhere. It helped keep him quiet and the way Cas looked at him made him think he might crack first.
“You know it.” She smiles. He gets himself off the ground, dusts himself off and kisses Jess on the cheek to say hello. He turns and gives his brother a dead arm. Sam winces in pain gripping his arm where Dean gave him the punch. Jess and Benny laugh.
Cas interrupted him with his answer. “You don’t want to.”
“So, what you’re saying is,” Dean starts to talk. Castiel turns his head so fast he feels a little light headed. Dean is still looking at the ground. “that we got off on the wrong foot.”
Okay so he might have been looking, sue him and just because the confusing emotional feelings for Cas were gone didn’t mean the
The feel of Cas’ erect cock pressed against him was a nice reminder that Cas loved doing this to Dean as much as Dean loved being the subject of it. The cherry on top of this play would be the taste of Cas in his mouth.
Dean pointed to the glasses as he walked in. “Those new?”
“Don’t try anything stupid Winchester.” He warned. Dean huffed, slightly snarling his teeth trying to keep his rage inside of him. The dining room had their eyes on them both. Cas even came out of the kitchen to see what was going on. Their eyes met for a split second. Cas looked like he was about to come over when Balthazar physically blocked him. Zachariah pulled his attention away by shoving him towards the exit.
Dean froze by the door, clearly weighing his options; Charlie’s pointedly cleared throat tipped the scales and he trudged back to where Cas was carefully starting to gather the indicated items. Quickly and efficiently, Dean instructed Cas as to how Charlie liked everything packed away – for ease of unpacking next time, apparently – and they got the task done.
Cas stared at him. “Talking to my father? For some unknown reason?”
“Welcome, Claire!” Kim spoke up. “Thank you for sharing, and for standing up to Rebecca.”
From: New Pain in My Ass
“Ohh, you do,” Lee smirked, sliding his hands down Dean’s sides to grab his ass and rub up against it. He only did it twice before Dean found himself coming hard, ruining the expensive underwear – but he had to admit, that orgasm was almost worth it. Too bad he only had the one pair.
“Oh, yeah man, I’m sorry, I forgot how late it was.” Dean seemed to take a closer look at Castiel. “...You don’t look so steady there.”
Dean immediately flushed bright red. Dammit. Sam was right, he shouldn’t have to explain what was in the box, but…a small part of him thought this all would be so much easier if Sam had spilled the beans. But nope, Dean was going to have to find the words to explain to his boyfriend that he had a box of girl’s underwear from his…ex-whatever-Lee-was under his bed. Fantastic.
Cas beamed up at him, so glad that Dean Winchester was such an amazing person and grateful that he was lucky enough to call him his boyfriend. “I promise.”
Eventually his soul and his body realigned. The room came back into focus and Dean was sticky, seriously sticky. He shifted, wincing at the dull pain in his ass. Cas looked like he was drifting off to sleep beside him, eyes fluttering closed and mouth slightly parted. He didn’t register that Dean had slipped his hand from underneath his. It made him chuckle quietly.
“You shouldn’t have come between me and Gabriel,” Cas mouth was sharp in his ear, dark and threatening. “That was not your fight Dean.”
He hadn’t been at school. Cas had been keeping an eye out for him unless Dean was keeping himself hidden from Cas. That would be odd though, considering the last time they spent time together it had almost been amicable. Dean had even managed to make Cas chuckle which seemed to only be adding to the reasons why Cas wanted to see the boy again.
“I can let you read,” he stripped his own top off. “Or I can suck your dick, your choice.”
Taking his time Cas put the cloth and water down on the side table, he walked slowly to the other, getting the lube from the drawer and putting it on the bed within his reach. He stood at the foot of the bed. Arms crossed looking down at Dean whose skin was turning a slightly pink hue. His hands now full of fists of sheets, chest rising and falling more heavily than before. Clearly Cas somewhat ignoring him was unravelling him.
This wasn’t some affectionate moment, this was a transaction, he had to keep that in mind.
She chuckled. “Come on Dean, you gotta know how this works. The advertisements you have to wait five seconds before skipping to get to your porno, that’s money in the uploader’s pocket. More views, more advertisements, more money.”
“There is also cherry pie,” Castiel mentions. “I thought we could talk before I serve it.”
Sometimes he got chatted up in the grocery store. Happened last week, he was talking to this guy about wine because Amelia wanted some and he hadn’t a clue what to get. He suggested Dean come over for wine tasting at his place. Numbers were almost exchanged till the guy noticed the Lion King plasters in his basket and kid juice boxes. Suddenly he was busy for the next month. Dean didn’t hold it against him, not many people liked kids. Their loss.
It's over :'((((
Cas growled.
Something to soothe his cock he hoped.
“Of course.” Cas took the empty mug from Dean’s hands, placed it into his sink. Dean gripped his hand on his friends’ shoulder as a thanks.
“Yes, so good.” Cas replied not even skipping a beat. Dean relished it. “Your turn now.” He put a hand on Dean’s chest, pushing him back to lie on the bed. He went, falling back into the soft comforter, feet still on the ground.
“I saw you, earlier in the yard looking at me.” the guy said. That deep voice rang through Dean’s body like a gong, vibrations making the hair of his skin stand on edge. Dean was surprised he remembered, that Dean had been someone this guy could recall in a yard full of inmates. That gave an uneasy feeling in his gut. He didn’t want to be one this guy’s radar.
Dean fell back onto the end of his bed, feet still on the ground needing to be more comfortable than the back of his bedroom door. He stroked himself to full attention, looked down at his cock in his hand, saw it slide in and out of his fist with some ease from his pre-cum. It would burn a bit but fuck it, he needed to cum with Cas like yesterday.
“Let me.” He growled.
“Fuck sake Benny.” Dean groaned. He was so not in the mood to trek all the way back to the shed to re-fill the bucket and carry it all the way back here.
He lifted up the packet to Dean. “M&Ms?”
“Alright, what did you put in it? It better not be foot cream again Sam I swear…”
The tiny box eventually opens. He spies a postcard and two boring white letters most likely bills that need paying. Dean does not miss paying bills. Perk to being on the road.
Bobby still wasn’t convinced in Dean’s lunch break with his friend.
He must be out on a date. Cas had mentioned about Claire’s other Dad having her for the night. If Dean was about to have another conversation with Cas about dating or sex, he’d need something more than a beer. He grabbed a bottle of whiskey off his bar shelf along with a glass and poured himself a stiff drink. Downing it, then pouring another he felt a bit more prepared, or relaxed to give this whole talking about sex another shot.
“Missing count gets people talking, not like we have much else to do in this joint.”
She was only a few meters of ahead of them when Meg turned to Dean, hand on his chest to stop him from moving away from her. He gulped, unsure where she was going with this. She seriously scared the crap out of Dean most of them. How her and Cas were good friends was beyond him. Rising up on her tippy toes, Meg whispered into Dean’s ear, “You might want to tell your bathroom stall hook-up to hide his marks better.”
No, he couldn’t have these thoughts, shouldn’t have them. He tried to create distance then realised Dean had tightened his grip on Cas, not letting him move away.
He steps into Dean’s space, close enough to get a look at the smudge. Its soot, easier to get off than oil. He doesn’t really think next, rather just ends up doing, bringing his thumb up and rubbing it gently along Dean’s neck where the smudge is parallel to his jawline.
Cas had managed to get himself up off of Dean, now sitting upright though with Dean’s legs over his as Dean was in no mood to move at the moment. The mention of Cas getting sick was churning his own stomach.
.” Cas said noticing he’d made space. Dean nodded. They stayed there while the Russians got their commissary from Crowley, no inmates number were called out. They didn’t even need to pay for it. Dean remembered being near the top of the queue when Uriel was running the gang, he had to pay. He noticed they didn’t get anything to treat Cas’ hand.
good days. One with him leaning against Baby, one of him and Sam laughing their heads off and one of him post the Ice Bucket Challenge with his wet top clinging to his chest because he looked damn fine in it. He also included one of Charlie and him that Sam had took, she had fallen asleep on his chest one sunny afternoon out in the garden. It was cute and it also let people know that he did have a kid. So yeah, four of his best photos. Benny could be doing the exact same thing, or worse, none of them might be the guy. Dean’s seen Catfish.
“You’re working too hard.” Cas says, he puts a scrap of paper in between the page he is on to save where he is in the book. Dean knows he works too hard. He’s making more than enough money to cover his rent and maintaining Baby between Bobby’s and the Roadhouse. The thing is Dean doesn’t do being alone very well. He can do an evening here and there, a full day max, after that he needs people around. Not necessarily to talk or interact with, he’s happy just sitting in a bar by himself as long as there’s people around.
He stood outside, leaned against the rails and the Russian followed leaning against the rails with him. Dean shifted an inch further away to avoid brushing his shoulders with the guy.
He heard Cas snigger from behind. If he didn’t want to cum so badly, he’d sass the Russian. He knew better than to ruin Cas’ mood right now. The grip in his hair went from tight to soft, letting Dean’s head fall back onto the pillow. He pressed Dean’s head into the pillow, silently commanding him to keep it there.
