Sherlock's mood had still not improved two days later.  His mental Mycroft had (unfortunately) been right.  The beer he'd consumed so liberally had
Sherlock nodded, but didn't respond, intent as he was on observing the ranch's layout.
Sherlock glanced sideways and pursed his lips at the blatantly-sexual quip.  John caught his eye and a moment later the two of them were laughing, Sherlock's baritone chuckle a counterpoint to John's snickering giggles.
"What?" John demanded.  "You've never used flavoured condoms before?"
“Not just hit,” the speaker identified as Ben corrected.  “When Doug started pulling it open, Rue Morgue charged it.  Crushed him up against the bars and everything.  His husband said it’s going to be months before he gets all the casts off, then he’s going to have to go through physical therapy.”
Sherlock shrugged, turning away to stare at the night sky again.  "I begged my mother for martial arts lessons,"  Sherlock confessed, carefully omitting the fact that he'd studied and obtained ranking belts in both Judo and Bartitsu.  "I also studied codes and cyphers."  Sherlock fell silent, thinking of how those early lessons in cryptology had sparked his interest in computer coding his subsequent obsession with hacking.  Sherlock chuckled as a sudden wisp of memory sparked across his mind.
"I think it is a distinct possibility that is worth investigating," Sherlock corrected, privately pleased that Donovan was finally catching up.  "I was originally hired to rehabilitate Devil's Blaze considering he is an incredibly valuable business asset, both as a bucking animal and because of the stud fees he commands.  But I was also hired to investigate and clear Ms. Ross's reputation, because, regardless of whether or not her prize stallion can be rehabilitated, her position as an elite contractor is now endangered by the abuse allegations."
“Hold on,” John gasped, reaching up and tugging gently at Sherlock’s curls with his free hand.
A trait which was apparently shared by her female ranch hands as well.
"Yes, of course," Sherlock replied, allowing 'Billy's' warmth to infuse his voice.  "For you, always," he continued, dropping his voice to a slightly huskier register as he stepped away from the centrifuge.  It was unlikely that John would notice the spinning sound in the background and recognize it for what it was, but John was smart.  It couldn't hurt to be careful.  "What can I do for you?"
"John!" Sherlock exclaimed as he jerked back to awareness, trying not to scream in frustration as his hazy daydreams of John whispering his praises and the wicked delight in John's eyes as he prepared to swallow around Sherlock's cock abruptly vanished to be replaced by the reality of John's presence in front of him.  He blinked rapidly, trying to get his uncooperative vision to focus.
John blinked twice and then burst into delighted giggles.  "Jesus Christ, Billy!  You're a menace!" John exclaimed, pulling into a dilapidated carpark whose address Sherlock recognized from Anthea's files.  John parked the Humvee before collapsing against the seat, still shaking with laughter.  "Where were you when I was trying not to die of boredom in high school?"
"Over here John!  Northwest corner, behind the display of mass-produced, overpriced replicas of indigenous cultural artifacts!"
There was a decided pause on the other end of the line, before Molly's tentative voice came through.  "Mr. Scott?  It's Molly.  Um…I don't know what time you normally get up, but here, the cook serves breakfast at six…It's almost six fifty…would you like me to save you a plate?  I noticed you didn't make it to dinner yesterday…are you feeling okay?"
"Coffee, huh?" John said, holding the chosen condom up to the moonlight and reading the flavour printed on the back.  "That's great.  Coffee's my personal favourite...it's got caffeine so I can keep going...and going...and going."  Using his teeth, John tore the corner of the packet open and pulled the condom out, placing it in his mouth.
Roughly three-fourths of the stalls had nameplates affixed to the doors and Sherlock raised a silent eyebrow as he read some of the monikers: Speedy, Cabaret, (somebody had scrawled 'Cabbie' underneath), Pink Lady Apple...Bluebell... Midnight Blue Serenity...Buckingham 'Bucky' Palace...
He pulled his phone out once more and glared at the still-empty display.  Picking up his cup, Sherlock hurriedly swigged the last of the foul tea and before tossing the empty container into a nearby trashbin.  It arched through the air before landing with a satisfying ‘thunk’.  Pulling himself to his feet, Sherlock grabbed the handle of his suitcase and laptop bag and began striding to the airport's main exit to wait outside.
John looked up from the table top and gave Sherlock a rueful smile, leaving his leg where it was.  "Martina's one of my ex-girlfriends, but yeah.  Mostly it's tea and coffee.  My hours keep me on the road a lot, but this place makes a mean sandwich for the nights I don't feel like cooking."
Sherlock ducked his head with a chuckle, acknowledging the truth.  “Tell me, John…is that why you brought me here?  To admire the scenery and make me blush?”
John shrugged.  "I wouldn't go that far, but it is a useful piece of technology.  So…full name?"
A quick internet search had resulted in numerous video clips of bucking horses in action.  He had spent a good thirty minutes studying how horses from the Triple C compared to horses from other suppliers.  He'd also found bucking statistics posted for different rank horses and rank bulls, some of which mentioned Candii's horses by name.  On Candii's computer, Sherlock had found spreadsheet after spreadsheet filled with information about individual rodeos.  They had contained information about the horses used in an event's bucking string, notes on whether or not they were ridden successfully, and the names of event winners.
"Ready?" John asked, one sandy eyebrow raised.  At Sherlock's nod, John tugged.  The muscles in the vet's forearm rippled smoothly as he pulled Sherlock to his feet with an easy strength that was deceptively belied by his shorter frame.
"He is doing better," Sherlock replied taking another step forward.  "He's finally allowing me to touch him—though he's still charging me on occasion.  My next objective is to get a halter on him so I can start groundwork."
After a moment, he cleared his throat and tilted his chin down to meet Sherlock's curious gaze.  John's expressive eyes were soft with post-coital hormones and something much, much warmer.  "I guess it’s because...You told that client of mine that you weren't a hero and maybe you aren't one in the classic sense, but let me tell you this: you are truly one of the most
give John the right to manhandle him.
Sherlock’s lips quirked in a small smile.  It delighted him to hear John demonstrating the deductive and observation techniques he’d learned at Sherlock’s side.  As a reward, he gave John’s belly an affectionate rub with one foot, and received a quick squeeze to his ankle in return.
"Please what?"
"Will Blaze be all right by himself for a few days?" Ross asked, watching the stallion slowly circle his pen.
“People are idiots, John!”
It didn't contain the expected files, or laptop, or even a selection of movie cases.  Instead, the drawer contained an antique, black, coffin-style instrument case.  Sherlock bit his lip.  Hard.  By its size and shape, the case almost certainly contained a violin and Sherlock's fingers itched to take it out and place it under his chin.  He missed his own instrument.  It had been months since he'd had the opportunity to play and it was like a mental twinge he couldn't alleviate.  After a moment of struggling with the temptation to touch or not to touch, Sherlock gave in and opened the case.
Sherlock pressed his lips together as he fumbled with the buckle, the leaden feeling of disappointment in his chest warring with his stung pride.  He slid his feet off the exam table and stood up, using the edge of the table for support and swallowing hard around the sudden lump in his throat.  Of all the scenarios he’d imagined around John watching as he unbuckled his new chaps and eased them down his legs, none of them had involved being in public with other men looking on while simultaneously being insulted and spoken to like a disobedient child.  His strangely-clumsy fingers refused to grasp the hidden zipper sliders at first and he had to concentrate to pinch the metal tag tightly enough to unzip the teeth.  He was halfway down one leg when the zipper got caught on the fringe.
"What's the usual methodology for testing horses for drugs?"
Sterndale shook his head.  "I challenge anybody who thinks their range or pasture is completely free of toxic plants.  All it takes is a few seeds given time to grow and suddenly half a herd can be suffering from seizures and convulsions."
"So what brings you two out here tonight?" the blonde—Carley, Sherlock thought—asked.
"Hmmm?"
"Thanks.  As for you," John continued, addressing Sherlock from somewhere close to equal height.  "Do you still feel like you’re going to throw up?"
John blinked twice in apparent surprise.  "I feel just fine about prostate stimulation, but why do you—"
"And what's that?" Sherlock asked, licking his lips nervously.  John was now very close and Sherlock could feel the warmth of his body, a delightful contrast to the cool night air.
To Sherlock's surprise, the horse breeder led him through the main part of the house, rather than through the door he'd entered by.  The impromptu tour gave him an opportunity to note the house's decor.
"Well then," the receptionist opened a drawer and pulled out a clipboard which he laid on the cubicles counter.  "If you could start by filling out that new patient intake sheet for us, we'll get you taken care of.  Do you have insurance?"
“More of your oddly aggressive cattle?” Sherlock asked in a sotto voice as he watched the two participants walk towards the exit while the agitated steer was driven out the gate.  “I overheard several cattle wranglers discussing Sterndale’s especially foul-tempered animals this morning while I was fetching breakfast.”
[end of part one]
"There's Molly's truck," Sherlock observed aloud, spotting the battered white vehicle as they pulled into the mostly empty parking lot.  Molly had parked up front, near the buildings, though she wasn't sitting inside the cab.
“Don’t be a dick,” John grunted.  “It was cheap.”  He yawned and snuggled closer.  “Besides,” John continued, “you sure as hell weren’t complaining about the decor last night!”
"Trichophilia."
"Well, just that it's after seven and I'm starving.  I'm sure you are too.  Do you...want to stop somewhere, maybe get a bite to eat?"
"Good.  We'll be back soon."
Annoyed with the sudden pang of melancholy, Sherlock pushed himself to his feet and walked back inside.
Sherlock blinked.  "You know Dr. Sternsdale?"
"I know Texas is a Bible Belt state, but women are just as entitled as men to enjoy a night of Netflix and chilling, no matter what the politicians and pastors may think," Molly added, apparently seeing—and misinterpreting—Sherlock's frown.  "If you're offended by the idea of women having lots of casual sex and enjoying it—"
Molly shrugged.  "Well, it makes sense, considering what Ms. Ross's horses cost, not to mention her herds of cattle.  She also has a few people that board their horses here, so that's a liability concern.  If it's somebody who doesn't already have a keycode, they can use the intercom to call up to the office.  It goes to a cell phone so it should always be answered.  That's what the tour groups do."
"No," Sherlock said, setting his boxes down on the bench and reaching for a pair of gloves.
decided that you preferred to live elsewhere instead of Baker Street, I too would have worried for your happiness and safety regardless of any reports your Uncle Mycroft supplied me with to reassure me of same.  I also know I would have welcomed any and all letters, cards, or texts that you decided to send me.  I do so already," he added with a crooked smile, thinking of some of their more lively text exchanges.
for a case.  If you don't already know that, then got it?  Good.
"Then spell it out for me, Holmes," Donovan growled, slamming her cup down with a thump.  "What are your theories?  Because it strikes me as pretty damn suspicious that Candii Ross keeps saying she's innocent when she's the one who'll be getting a hefty payout."
But what did Mycroft know?
"Interesting," Sherlock murmured.  He flicked his eyes sideways to gauge John's reaction.  There was a crease between John's eyes that Sherlock recognized as being thoughtful, but John didn't say anything.
"Mmmmm...back.  Less noisy.  More quiet."
"I'll overheat otherwise," John explained casually, misinterpreting Sherlock's faint frown of concentration as he straightened up.  He tossed the worn leather garment into the back of his Humvee, the chaps making a soft 'thwap' as they landed and sending up a faint cloud of dust.  "It's a bit of a drive, and my AC doesn't work that great.  How's the wrist?" John asked as he straightened back up.
"Birthdate?"
There was at least one benefit to being trapped in what was colloquially referred to as the 'Bible Belt', Sherlock mused as he turned off of Bill Picket Boulevard and onto Grand Street, heading towards the Tri-State Fairgrounds.  The prevalence of religious services gave him a perfect cover to leave the ranch on a weeknight immediately after dinner without drawing more than an understanding nod from the staff.  Wednesday evenings, especially, were popular nights of church services.  Sundays had become too overbooked for most families to attend morning services.  Even the Church of England had fallen victim to the pattern.  Fortunately for his investigation, there were any number of secular events also scheduled for the public at the Tri-State Fairgrounds allowing him to wander the area without attracting undue attention.
Sherlock nodded, though it was more out of encouragement for Harry to continue than any real agreement on Sherlock’s part.  “What happened next?”
The light was dim, but even then it was enough to turn his absurdly pale skin sallow, (where it wasn't burned red) and highlight his transport's imperfections: his scant musculature, his sparse chest hair, his bony ribs, the constellation of moles that dotted his pectorals, the crescent-shaped scar from where a hoof had struck him, the trio of lash marks he'd acquired defending a mare against an abusive owner, the old acne scars and the newer, darker mottling of bruises from his recent work with Devil's Blaze...  Sherlock bit the inside of his bottom lip mortification as he continued to mentally tally his transport's flaws.  His torso in no way resembled John's perfect, compact, golden, muscular form.  John by all rights should be horribly appalled, if not outright disgusted.  Sherlock opened his mouth to apologize, convinced that he was going to have to go with his backup plan, but before he could say anything, John spoke.
"Both."
"Fine," Sherlock huffed, subsiding with bad grace, recognizing the futility of pushing Donovan for answers before she was ready to talk.
John sighed.  "Because being a size too big means that if something happens and I get caught up in a stirrup, or something, my boot will come off so I don’t end up being dragged around the arena."
"Fine."
"Okay.  That's fine.  If you do need a break, please let me know, alright?  Talking about trauma can be hard."  Donovan waited until Brenda nodded before continuing.  "As I mentioned previously, your testimony may prove critical to our investigation.  So—with your permission, that is—I would like to go ahead and turn on the recorder.  I also want to stress again that despite what Mr. Holmes may have implied, you are
Sherlock blinked, a little surprised at the question.  Apparently Stamford’s ‘knack’ applied to patient histories as well.  "It’s fine.  It’s not troubling me anymore," he replied, holding up the limb in question and flexing his previously injured wrist to demonstrate its range of motion.  "And please, call me Billy."
Clearly recognizing Sherlock's wariness, John simply began carding his fingers gently through the strands.  He kept his movements slow to avoid accidentally tugging on snarls, paying extra careful attention to the curls at the nape of Sherlock's neck.  After he got over the initial surprise, Sherlock found himself going involuntarily boneless with pleasure.
Text sent, Sherlock laid his mobile back down on the wooden surface with a soft click and resumed his thinking pose.
With a frown, Molly reached over to fiddle with the radio dial and began flipping through different stations.  One was playing rap music.  Another was playing what Sherlock vaguely recognized as Mariachi music.  A third channel featured a man singing some inane song about the pleasure he derived from experiencing sexual intercourse for the first time and putting his penis inside a woman.  At Sherlock's appalled expression, Molly hurriedly turned the dial again and the strains of Bach's Fugue from
"I don't have friends," Sherlock huffed.  "I have horses.  We just met.  I don't even know you."
"All those...questions about Straker and Sternsdale and bulls.  I thought you were a horse-whisperer?"
“I’ve done some things that could easily have been considered unforgivable—" Sherlock admitted under John and James' suddenly rapt gazes.  "Far worse than being prejudiced against someone for their sexual orientation.  I did them for love.  I did them because I couldn't stand the thought of those I'd decided to protect being hurt, or tortured, or killed because I wasn't clever enough, or brave enough, or observant enough, or too arrogant to keep them safe.  In a sense, it worked: none of the people I Fell for died...but that didn't mean they didn't get hurt and suffer as a result of my own stupidity." Sherlock paused to swallow hard, thinking of what Lestrade had said about having to take away John's gun.  If Lestrade hadn't, then all of Sherlock's efforts to protect the man he loved would have been for naught.  "To my eternal gratitude, Molly, Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade and—most importantly, John—all saw fit to give me another chance despite my incredible folly.  It's been almost five months since you've last seen Angela.  I will not force you to see her.  You don't even have to accept anything from her if you don't want to.  But...speaking from the past experience of someone who was once convinced that the person I cared for most in the world hated me and that I had destroyed my chances of ever having
It was utter tosh, of course, but he was counting on John being too-full of postcoital hormones to actually analyze his words.
"Get out of my head, I am
The timbre of John’s voice caught Sherlock’s attention.  He turned slightly to see John watching him, a warm smile on his face.  “That’s an utterly unimaginative pickup line, John,” Sherlock pointed out, trying, unsuccessfully, to suppress the flush of pleasure at the compliment.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed in annoyance at John’s continued attempts to demean him.  "I am perfectly capable of answering Dr. Stamford’s questions without your input.  Go. Away."
At the sound, Devil's Blaze paused in his circling of his pen and swung his head towards Sherlock.  His ears were pricked forward and his head was up.  The position indicated wariness and some apprehension, but not abject fear.  It was a welcome change from the threatening posture and attacks he'd been displaying over the prior weeks. The fact that he was standing and watching Sherlock's approach instead of running around the pen was also a good sign.  It meant that the stallion was still using the thinking side of his brain, rather than reacting blindly by running to escape a perceived danger.
"You're making the face," Donovan announced abruptly, pointing with the hand that wasn't holding a coffee cup.
Sherlock draped an arm over John’s waist, causing John to snort, but he didn’t wake up.  With a smirk, Sherlock snuggled closer, reveling in the feel of bare skin against bare skin and the accompanying ache of well-used muscles the movement caused.  His legs and core were well-toned from his years of riding, but there was a world of difference between riding horseback and, well, riding John.  Watching John compete last night had been...inspiring, to say the least.  The hurried blow job he’d given John in an empty closet afterwards had only served to stoke his lust. John was
"Or maybe summer.  I'm not sure which," Sherlock continued, taking another sip and narrowing his eyes in thought.  He looked up from the rim to see John watching him with a puzzled expression.  "The consumption of certain foodstuffs or scents had the ability to trigger vivid memories," Sherlock explained.  "It's called the 'Proust Effect,' or the 'Proustian Experience' after the author, Marcel Proust, who was the first person to describe it in one of his novels.  When I was a young child, we had a gardener who kept bees and the blacksmith who shod my family's horses brewed mead for the holidays.  Occasionally, if I was very, very good—or very, very sneaky—I could steal a taste of either the raw honey or the finished product.  Sometimes both."
"Oh?  How so?"
"They need to leave.  Now.  The horse is caught in a fear-induced feedback loop.  The noise and odours of the crowd are panicking him and the confinement to a stall means he can't flee, which only makes the panic worse."
The fact that he and Angela had never been and would never be married was irrelevant.
"About that," Sherlock interrupted, honing in on a point in his research that had puzzled him, "I thought the point of broncos was to be as wild as possible?"
John flushed, perhaps discomfited by Sherlock's intense stare.  "Look.  I want to help.  If there's anything I can do, any tests you need me to run, just let me know, alright?"
"I do."  Pulling out his license was awkward, but Sherlock managed and passed the plastic card over.
"I'm not certain," Sherlock said doubtfully, taking care to stay in character; there was no way of knowing when John would return.  He swiveled from side to side, the motion making the fringe on his legs flutter.  "I approve of the colour and the material, but are they…supposed to cling like this?"
," Edith gasped when the last horse was safely escorted out of the trailers and secured into the holding pen.  She winced and rotated her right shoulder where something had apparently gotten pulled.  "Did somebody put coffee in their feed buckets instead of grain this morning?  They're ornery as hell today!"
Mycroft fell silent and Sherlock inwardly seethed, knowing full well that his brother was waiting for Sherlock's professional pride and, more importantly, natural curiosity to get the best of him.  A few moments later Sherlock reluctantly rewarded his brother's patience with an aggravated huff and a glare.  "Fine," Sherlock groaned, rolling his eyes at the ceiling theatrically.  The sooner he listened to Mycroft's drivel, the sooner his brother would leave.  "Since flattery will get you everywhere, dear brother.  Which 'friend' does she want us to help this time?"
Mycroft's voice was as calm and patient as if he were dealing with a particularly recalcitrant yearling that was refusing to submit to being bridled...or an undisciplined, uncooperative younger brother.  Sherlock's lip curled automatically in response.   "What?" Sherlock demanded, "like it did with that ridiculous case you sent me to investigate in Brisbane a few years ago?"  Sherlock snorted and tossed his head, his dark curls bouncing and catching on the velvet nap of the pillow underneath his cheek.  "Any halfway observant idiot should have been capable of detecting a stolen horse that had been painted in a pathetic attempt at disguising it.  Just as they should have also noticed when said stolen horse was substituted for another in a prestigious race.  Oh, and quit using your horseman's voice on me," Sherlock added as an afterthought, closing his eyes again.
"Oh, a couple different states," John answered vaguely.  "Oklahoma, Ohio, Virginia…we moved a lot, so I can't really say I'm from any one place."  He led them through the car park before stopping in front of a battered black Humvee parked near the chain-link fence at the back.  "This is mine," John said unnecessarily.
More than few of the techniques were incredibly sexually suggestive: pelvic thrusts, shoulder shakes that emphasized the cleavage of the women, hip swings that emphasized the gluteus maximus.  As if to illustrate the point, John suddenly whooped and landed a healthy smack to the derriere of the voluptuous blond to his right, before spinning around and repeating the smack on Sherlock's arse.  From the corner of his eye, Sherlock could see several men and women echoing the gesture, so apparently it was a culturally acceptable thing.  Before he could reciprocate though, the line turned and the crowd began grapevining.
"Shhhhhh," John whispered, running his calloused palms over Sherlock's bare skin.  He reached up and gently pinched each of Sherlock's nipples between his thumbs and forefingers, the rough pads of his fingers adding exquisite sensation to Sherlock's sensitive flesh.
"Right you are, John.  And some people make it
Sherlock bent his right knee so he could rest his right elbow on it and began worrying at a thumbnail as he pondered the situation from a different angle.  Broncos weren’t his forte—race horses, competitive jumpers and the occasional interesting client were.  He’d worked with countless nervous animals with dangerous bucking issues, but never a horse that had been specifically bred for what was otherwise an undesirable (and extremely dangerous) behavior.
"You're fucking purring like a goddamn cat," John giggled from above him.  John shifted so he could lean forward and began brushing kisses against Sherlock's upturned cheek, his ear, and his temple.  "That is unbelievably, fucking hot."
The clipboard woman looked up from her paperwork and immediately strode across the barn floor to meet Candii in the middle of the building.  Up close, Sherlock could see traces of indigenous American ancestry on Natalie Tsedaa's face.  "Ma'am?"  The woman asked, her voice was a husky contralto that sounded incongruous with her current attire.  Sherlock could easily imagine her singing at one of Mycroft's swanky receptions, the ones where women spent thousands of pounds on a dress that they'd wear once and the men subjected themselves to the discomfort of bow ties.  Behind her, Sherlock could see Molly and the other two employees continuing with their work, but in a far more subdued fashion.
"No," Sherlock told him bluntly, wrinkling his nose at the results he pulled up, dismissing them with a flick of his thumb and opening a different tab.
"Is she cute?"
"What about bull riding?  Don't they usually have their own building?"
Seeing it, Sterndale's lips curved in the shared smirk of annoyance from somebody butting in where they weren't wanted.  "Not especially," he replied, answering Sherlock's question as if John hadn't spoken.  "Generally when a bovine dies of a heart condition, it can be traced back to septic pericarditis—often caused by some sort of infection.  Such deaths are more commonly associated with feedlot animals and dairy cattle, rather than a pampered athlete.  But as it is with any performance animal, tragedies do happen.  I am sure you have lost an animal or two to accidents on the race track or during training, have you not, Mr. Scott?"
He unlocked the passenger side door and gestured for Sherlock to have a seat, which Sherlock did, gratefully.  The upholstery was hot against his back and legs, a welcome contrast to his cold, clammy shirt.  It felt good to be off of his feet again.  His boots still rubbed parts of his feet unpleasantly, despite the protective plasters and extra-thick socks he wore.  John, meanwhile, occupied himself by unbuckling his chaps and sliding them down his legs; it was an activity that afforded Sherlock another excellent view of his arse.  Sherlock blinked, thrown by the unexpected observation from his subconscious.
Oh.  Obvious.  Politics and unofficial blackmail.
Instead of being put off by Sherlock's harsh tone, a wide, almost predatory smile took over John's face.  "So..." John said, tucking his chin in so he could fix his gaze intently on Sherlock's.  "Just to be clear, the two of you aren't dating?"
Captain Lestrade was sitting in an uncomfortable-looking plastic chair opposite of one of the stalls with his head resting in his hands.  At the sound of their approaching footsteps, Lestrade looked up.  The evidence of his sleepless night and the stress of the past twelve hours was evident in the furrows of his face and the slump of his shoulders.
"Not too often.  As I already told Doc Watson, I use it mostly as a treat."
"I'll keep that in mind," Sherlock said, tipping his head in acquiescence.
"I'll keep my eyes peeled for 'Three Circuits' Watson and try and send him your way if I see him," Alice said with a cheeky grin.  "Or were you exaggerating then too when you told me how much fun you had when you invited him for a roll in the hay?"
Unfortunately, as tempting as it was, he couldn't afford to alienate potential key players in the rodeo circuit, Sherlock reminded himself with effort.  Granted, it was entirely possible that he was simply seeing a correlation between aggressive bulls and aggressive equines where there was none, (much like the spurious correlation between the increasing global average temperature, annual number of hurricanes, earthquakes, and other natural disasters versus the declining number of pirates), but the niggling observation remained in the back of his mind, like a chip of stone embedded in the sole of a boot, or a badly-sewn trouser inseam.  Mycroft was fond of quoting 'once was happenstance, twice was a coincidence, three times was enemy action.'  It was a pompous declaration, (much like his brother), but that didn't mean the philosophy didn't possess merit.  Straker had been known to bet (and win) on unexpectedly gamesome bulls.  John Watson had mentioned the notable increase in bovine assailment.  Nor had he forgotten the unusually skittish behavior of the Triple C's bucking lines at the last rodeo he'd attended.  And, underlying it all, there was the unsolved mystery of Melba Toastya's sudden behavioral change—symptoms practically identical to what Devil's Blaze and Scotty had exhibited.
"Oh?  What type?" John asked, seizing on the conversational segue.
Sherlock blinked, considering the flavour implications. The saltiness of the bacon would probably go well with the flavour of the nuts, (Thai cuisine especially liked the combination of sweet and salty spicy).  He also knew, thanks to Cook, that honey, raisins and pork paired well together.  But, if John was a vegetarian, eating meat in front of him might put him off and make it harder to get closer to him.  Better to be safe and err on the side of caution.  Sherlock shook his head.  "No."
Which was followed almost immediately by a second.
With an almost feral smile, John bent his head and attacked the buttons of Sherlock’s shirt, working them open using nothing but his skilled lips, teeth and tongue.  "Patience, you," John mock-scolded when Sherlock tried to urge him to go faster.  "I'll get there in a moment."  Buttons dispensed with, John straightened up tugged Sherlock's purple plaid shirt free from his jeans.  He parted the thin cotton, baring Sherlock's chest to the silvery moonlight and froze.
"I can't believe you've never actually attended a rodeo before, Billy," Molly remarked as the two of them wove their way through the crowd packing the fairgrounds several hours later.
"No problem.  I'll see you then," John agreed.  Sherlock could hear the relief in his voice.  "Oh," John added abruptly, before Sherlock could hang up.  "Let me give you my cell number in case something comes up and you need to call me.  Do you have a pen handy?"
John’s resulting sigh was one of a put-upon individual who’d explained the situation multiple times before.  "Look, there aren’t any rodeo-specific helmets currently on the market.  The best options are basically modified hockey helmets with titanium face masks, but since they’re not specifically designed for bucking animals, they can be a hazard themselves by making somebody get cocky."  John’s lips twisted in a grimace.  "At best, a helmet might prevent a broken nose or keep your skull from getting crushed if a bull steps on it, but it won't protect you from a concussion if you get dashboarded—that means bucked off over the head of the animal—" John translated in response to Sherlock’s blank look.  "And finally, helmets reduce a rider’s field of vision, make it harder for them to keep their chin tucked, and also mess up your balance—three things critical to a successful ride.  More bull riders are starting to wear them, but, let’s face it: there isn’t a helmet in the world that’ll make it safe to sit astride a pissed-off, 1,500-pound plus animal determined to make you eat dirt.  Besides, that’s what makes it so fun."
"I'm fine," Sherlock huffed, annoyed with the betrayal of his transport.  A simple brush of John's hand against his body should not make him feel as overheated and flushed as that Christmas where he'd foolishly eaten four slices of Mrs. Hudson's homemade rum apple cake on an empty stomach.  "It's just a bit colder in here than I was expecting," Sherlock continued in response to John's questioning look.
"Thanks.  I figure it'd be a shame for them to go to waste," John commented cheerfully, pulling the plate closer.  His hand hovered for a moment, before settling on a slice of fried yam, which he popped into his mouth and ate with an expression of  bliss.  "It's a shame you don't like chips," John commented after he swallowed, his tongue darting out again as he licked his lips.  "These are house made and very, very good."  John sucked his thumb and forefinger clean of salt with soft little pops and then picked up another piece of fried vegetable.  "So...what did you do, when you were out riding by yourself?"
"Fair enough," Sherlock returned with a nod.  "Let me rephrase: why do you have such suspicions?  In your own time, but preferably quite quickly."  Sherlock set his elbows on the chair's armrests and steepled his fingers together.  He would have leaned back, but the brim of the ridiculous hat he was still wearing prevented it.
Fear, not aggression.  It was an important distinction.
close to getting dangerously dehydrated though," he informed Sherlock sternly.  "My recommendation would be that you take it easy for a while and concentrate on drinking lots of water, no caffeine, no alcohol.  Hyperglycemia can lead to short-term polyuria as your body tries to flush the excess sugar out.  If you’re dehydrated, your kidneys have to work twice as hard, which can contribute to feelings of nausea."  He paused, giving Sherlock a chance to reply.
John's thin lips were flushed and swollen, Sherlock observed, distantly, forcing himself to acquiesce to John's demand, his hands shaking slightly with the effort.  John's short, fine hair was wet with sweat, and individual hairs squeaked slightly as Sherlock ran his fingers through the damp strands.  Apparently satisfied that Sherlock was paying attention, John leaned forward again and wrapped his lips around the head of Sherlock's cock, forming a perfect seal.  John paused, looking up to meet Sherlock's gaze.  He took a deep breath, his ribs expanding visibly, and then he abruptly dropped down, swallowing Sherlock's cock to the root.
"Piss off," Sherlock admitted.
"Remind me to talk to our training department about that," Donovan grumbled, unknowingly confirming Sherlock's hunch as she hung up her jacket. She set her bags down and moved around her desk to pick up the first of the paper to-go cups.  "Ground Zero, huh?" Donovan asked rhetorically, reading the label on the side of the cup aloud. She took a cautious sip and blinked twice, her eyes going wide. "Oh.  My.  God.  What is this?"
"Hello?" Sherlock asked brusquely in his normal voice, answering the call before the second ring cycle could begin.
“So you normally say,” Sherlock replied absently, popping the envelope’s seal and pulling out the stack of photographs it contained. “Interesting…” he murmured, tilting his head to look at the top one. He blinked several times, and John’s eyebrows rose at the undisguised interest.
Frowning, Sherlock turned his attention to the next cupboard over, the one mounted on the other side of the sink.  Instead of food, it contained a small assortment of dishes: cheap Corelle plates, known for their durability more than anything, a mismatched assortment of tumblers, some that looked like jam jars, and a few bowls.  A quick check of the drawers under the counters turned up a battered selection of metal and plastic cutlery.  A wine key, a few plastic straws, a metal nutcracker were stored in one drawer, while the next drawer over contained a selection of rudimentary cooking implements.  The lower cabinets contained a cast iron skillet, two pots, and a badly-stained aluminium tray.  They were gratifyingly empty of dead bugs, a testimony to the housekeeper's efforts.
Sherlock slid his gaze over to Molly who studiously ignored him, and frowned at his apparent miscalculation.  She was supposed to correct him and keep talking; not correct him and then shut up.  It would be difficult for him to subtly interrogate Molly about the ranch and staff if she wasn't speaking to him.  Sherlock ran his tongue over his teeth, mentally gauging which tactics would work best for regaining Molly's good graces.  The creases around her narrowed eyes indicated both insult and hurt.
Fifty minutes later, Sherlock was ready to tear his hair out, frustrated beyond belief by the insipid conversations of the diners around him.  It was almost a relief when the shriek of an over-amplified microphone suddenly tore through the hall.
"I love shoe shopping," the blond confessed with another giggle, "but I hate breaking in new boots.  The trick I do to get a perfect fit every time is to take a nice, hot bath, wearing nothing but my boots.  I light some candles, pour myself a glass of bubbly, and I just lay back and soak in that nice hot water for an hour or so."  She informed him of these facts with a flirtatious bat of her lashes that made it look like something was caught in her eye.  "I did it with this new pair I bought last month and now my boots fit perfectly!  I just soaked and soaked; it felt soooo good," she continued with a rapturous moan.  "You should try it sometime."  She shimmied her shoulders, and blew out another sultry sigh at the memory.
“God, Sherlock,” John gasped, his head tossing restlessly on the pillow.  He lifted his head enough so that he could gaze at Sherlock with blue eyes gone dark with desire.  He swallowed, smooth pink tongue coming out to moisten his bottom lip.  “You are amazing!”
"Adorable?" Sherlock repeated, wrinkling his nose in disgust at John's choice of adjective, even as endorphins continued to thrum through his system.
Sherlock blinked rapidly as John resumed their interrupted snogging session, completely stunned by the absolute ease with which John had relocated them both.  He knew John had to be strong—most large-animal vets were—but he had to outweigh John by a good two stone of solid muscle and John had picked him up as if he weighed no more than a kitten.  The number of possible sexual positions John's strength could facilitate was dizzying.  He couldn't wait to start experimenting, something Victor had had very little interest in.  He could ride John while John pinned him against a wall and supported his weight, or they could try the cliff diver, where John wrapped his legs around Sherlock's waist and used the muscles in his biceps and triceps to support himself while Sherlock thrust into him from behind.  They could try the see-saw or flying...or the hanging feedbag where he performed fellatio while John suspended his weight from above...or they could try the standing cowboy, which was only fitting considering where they currently were...
“Then let’s find a hotel.  Preferably one with a large shower.”
"Hah!"
"Huh," John muttered after a few minutes.  "Now that's a surprise," he added, more to himself than to Sherlock.
"I thought you said Doctor Watson was a decent sort?"  Sherlock had widened his eyes and adopted a concerned expression.  It was an easy enough ploy; people often didn't like answering questions, but few could resist the temptation to contradict somebody.  As expected, Molly blinked and looked horrified at the insinuation.
"That doesn't change the fact that Doctor Watson is still considered a person of interest," Donovan interrupted, folding her arms.  "He has the skills, the knowledge and he's been involved in two cases now of horses going crazy—"
"—none taken," John replied, his tone making it clear that the phrase was uttered out of habitual politeness only.
John shook his head and smiled sadly.  "I wish I did.  My grandpa tried to teach me, but I have a tin ear.  I never got past the first few scales before he died and then everything...well, never mind."  John's lips twitched in an unhappy grimace.
Sherlock blinked, and mentally cursed himself for the slip-up.  "Trail riding," he translated.
"Yes."
"Hardly, Mr. Scott," Sterndale replied with a haughty sniff.  "Back home, I saw more than a few villagers plunged into destitution when their goat or sheep suddenly died after eating the wrong plant.  The problem is here as well.  Every year, in  America, poisonous plants adversely affect the between three to five percent of the sheep, cattle and horses that graze on them.  That figure translates into major economic losses for the livestock industry as a whole."
"No.  I understand.  Thank you," Sherlock murmured, accepting the cold-pack and gingerly placing his injured wrist on top.  He shivered at the contrast.
American rodeos evolved from Mexican
"Because that rotgut piss gives me a fuckin' horrible case of the squirts every time.  Ain't nuthin' worse than shitting your pants while sittin' in your saddle.  That's when I started figgerin' it was a setup, 'specially after I heard that Straker was dead and Devil's Blaze was probably on his way to a glue factory."
Against his will, Sherlock found himself looking.  The boy was almost jumping up and down in excitement as he tugged on his father’s hand, (clearly trying to lead his father somewhere), while the little girl banged enthusiastically on the horn of a dark green 1948 MG-TC Roadster under the indulgent eye of the owner.  “Humph,” Sherlock sniffed.  “More likely they are excited because they have consumed large amounts of sugar.”
Around them, couples were walking arm in arm, or chattering in groups.  Apparently the pending arrival of sunset was the cultural cue to go outside, which also explained why parking was so scarce, Sherlock decided.  Waiting until the evening to socialize echoed similar cultural practices in Spain and Italy.  It made sense.  In many Mediterranean and Middle Eastern countries, the soaring midday temperatures made being outside inadvisable since there was a risk of accidental heatstroke.  Texas, with its unrelenting heat and sun was absolutely murderous by comparison.  He'd have to be sure to purchase Mrs. Hudson a large box of her favorite soothers as a thank-you gift for the sun cream she'd forced him to pack.  If it weren't for her foresight, his naturally pale skin would have suffered second-degree burns by now—
Through the glass of the clinic's door, Sherlock could see him pacing back and forth, occasionally shaking his head as he spoke with whoever was on the other end of the line.  Annoyingly enough, he couldn't read John's lips through the tinted glass, but the way John periodically scrubbed a frustrated hand through his hair and looked skyward made it clear he was arguing with somebody.  After a few minutes, Sherlock gave up and returned his attention to the magazine in his lap, periodically glancing up when a nurse opened the door to call the next patient back.
Sherlock fidgeted slightly, the fingers of his left hand tapping out excerpts Bruch's Concerto No. 1 in G Minor, Op. 26 to pass the time.  The slightly frenetic fingering of the last movement reflected his impatience perfectly.  He missed his violin; playing brought focus when he was trying to think, making muddled solutions clearer, but he wasn't willing to risk his beloved Guarneri at the hands of incompetent security screeners, subject it to jostling and knocks in an overcrowded bin or leave it out for random strangers to touch in the name of 'tidying'.  Even Mrs. Hudson, with her blatant disregard for the sanctity of Sherlock's experiments, knew better than to move Sherlock's pride and joy.
Officer Gregory gave Sherlock a puzzled look, clearly taking in Sherlock's bespoke suit.  "Are you a lawyer or insurance adjuster, Mr. Holmes?"
(See the end of the chapter for
He walked Devil's Blaze out, watered him, and then walked over to where Candii Ross was leaning against a nearby tree, watching him.
Chuckling, Sherlock continued his southward projection, smoothing his palms up John’s sides as he kissed his way down John’s well-defined six-pack.  John’s skin was tanned from the bright Texas sun and Sherlock paused to admire the contrast between his own pale hands and John’s golden-honey tones.  Sherlock paused at John’s belly button to tease the shallow intention with the tip of his tongue as John bucked and continued to swear.
"Well that's just stupid," John said bluntly.  "Why the hell would she do that?"
"Got it.  Do you mind holding my wood?"  Without waiting for Sherlock's response, John tossed his pool cue over.
"Yes," Sherlock replied, forcing himself to relax and not squirm away at the tickling sensation of John's fringe on the nape of his neck.
Sherlock decided, letting his mind drift.  A little rest to catch his breath and let Devil’s Blaze calm down a bit would help him return his brain to peak operating efficiency.
"Damnit Holmes—" Donovan growled, pinching the bridge of her nose between her left thumb and forefinger, indicating a brewing headache.  She took a deep breath, held it, and then let it out between her lips in a controlled stream of air that hissed softly.  "We need her information.  You were the one that pointed out the similarities between the two attacks.  If they
The question was who might have done it?
as well as observe, the way John had?  Even Sterndale, with all of his supposed experience, had fallen back to a simple rabies misdiagnosis instead of making an effort to identify the problem.  It was just as well that John had been there, Sherlock reflected, otherwise, Devil’s Blaze would be dead and Sterndale would be bilking Candii Ross out of thousands of pounds for his worthless care.
"What about microscopic images?" Sherlock asked, thinking of the still-secret fag end he'd collected from New Scotland Yard's stall.
“Oh God,” John groaned. “You’re also insatiable, you know that?” He pulled his hand away and turned his attention to the used condom. Deft fingers swiftly knotted it off, creating a compact bundle. Frowning, John looked around for a nearby trash bin. Seeing none, he shrugged and pulled his bandana from his back pocket. A red one, this time, Sherlock observed, enjoying the way the crimson fabric contrasted with John's golden skin.
"No hold onto that," Sherlock ordered, shoving it back into John's hands.  Ignoring John's huff of annoyance, Sherlock pulled out his wallet and hurriedly counting the bills.  "John, I need you to lend me fifty quid."
"Course I am...I've got the best seat in the house" John replied, raising and lowering his eyebrows suggestively.
"Do hangups happen often?" Sherlock asked, casting back through his mind for anything relevant in the research he’d done.
Sherlock frowned, annoyed with the betrayal of his transport.  Eating was tedious.  On the other hand, it would give him an opportunity to continue interrogating John under the guise of being social.  "Fine," Sherlock huffed, his tone grudging.  "Anyplace in particular that you would recommend?"
"Just that I ran a credit report on Doctor Watson," Donovan said, tapping the tip of a pen against a notepad.  "It turns out Doctor Watson has a
"A gift for my obnoxious, overbearing brother," Sherlock replied, grabbing John's wallet and helping himself to the contents, despite the shorter man's splutters of protest.  "I'll pay you back," Sherlock promised, returning John's wallet to the back pocket of his jeans, "but if I use my card, my brother will know, which will utterly ruin the surprise."
He'd also found multiple bill stubs and threateningly-worded letters demanding prompt payment for past-due account balances.  Most of them had handwritten notes listing a date, the amount paid and a confirmation number, but not necessarily what they had been for.  His curiosity had been piqued and he'd tallied up the outstanding balances on the most recent statements and the resulting number had made him frown in confusion: why was John indebted for the equivalent of over one hundred and ninety thousand pounds?  There was nothing evident in John's standard of living that could possibly have cost several hundred thousand US dollars.  He'd searched rigorously but uncovered no sign of gambling habits, illegitimate children, or propensity for expensive jewelry, fine wines, five-figure whiskeys or drugs.
The rider he'd addressed waved back and urged his horse towards the staircase that John and Sherlock were descending.  "What's up, Doc?" he asked brusquely.
“Course I do!” the first cowboy replied smugly.  “It convinced you to go out with me, dinnit?  Twenty-five years, we’ve been together,” he continued in a stage whisper, turning to confide in Sherlock, “and I still can’t convince him he’s the purtiest thing I’ve ever seen.”
The truck finally jerked to a halt in a cloud of dust in front of a lit-up barn that had three separate police cars parked in front of it.  The flashing red and blue emergency lights cast a confusing array of coloured shadows over the scene, illuminating the faces of the gawkers that had gathered in response to the excitement.  A combination of bright yellow caution tape and police officers held the press of humanity back.  Even then, Sherlock could see some people holding up their phones up to capture video or photos, no doubt drawn to the possibility of danger and excitement like a moth to a flame.
Brenda drew a shaky breath as she stared down at her lap.  "I've spent months feeling guilty and thinking it was my fault that Cream Soda died," she said slowly.  "If somebody out there
What he
But sleep refused to come.
Brenda shrugged.  "I don't know.  Maybe?  I'm not sure."
"I can't help but wonder, Doctor Sterndale," Sherlock asked, his tone carefully pitched to convey the right combination of ignorance and puzzlement, "do any of these plants you've mentioned adversely affect horses?"
Sherlock could hear the smugness in John's voice.  He slitted one eye open to see John gazing down at him, a fond expression creasing his handsome features.  Sherlock pursed his lips, deliberating.  He wasn't nearly as naive as his character would have John Watson believe.  John clearly had sex of some kind on his mind, but it was equally obvious that John—perhaps in deference to 'Billy's' somewhat skittish, virginal sensibilities—was content to let Billy set the pace, however fast (or slow) that might be.  He could stay where he was.  The petting was nice and John's solid thigh made a wonderfully firm pillow...
The rider grinned. “A bit, yeah,” he chuckled. “I’m guessing you don’t work with cattle much if you can’t see with your feet?”
"Don't be ridiculous," Sherlock began with an exasperated huff.  "I'm not—"
career was handed to you with a silver spoon, but I spent last night busting my ass investigating a potential case of swoop-and-squat, crashed on the couch in the employee lounge and then made do with what I could find in the locker room this morning.  And for your information, even if I hadn't, not every woman enjoys smelling like a walking, talking advert for Bath and Bodyworks.  Some of us prefer less-flowery scents.  Now, if that's your opinion of professional conduct, then you can get the fuck out of my office."
“Wait…just…a…tic…” John grunted, kneeling up long enough to shuck his shirt, pulling his hands free of the button cuffs and tossing the garment over his shoulder with an absent-minded flick of his wrist.  The fabric landed on the floor with a soft rustle, joining John’s cowboy boots.  With a confident smirk, John posed for Sherlock’s hungry gaze with his hands resting on his flexed quads.  “Better?” the blond asked, one eyebrow rising in a confident leer as he reached out to flick a finger against one of the buttons of Sherlock’s shirt.
"Goddamit!" John snapped in frustration, pulling back to glare at the digital clock on the microwave.  He grimaced at the numbers displayed.  "Sorry, Billy," John said apologetically as he stepped back with visible reluctance and went to fetch his phone from the bathroom where he'd apparently left it.  "Just—if somebody's calling me twice in a row at this hour, it has to be an emergency.  Probably something to do with Harry."  The call ended before John could answer, only to immediately start ringing again.  "Watson here," John answered, his tone clipped.
"Not a chance," John purred, licking his lips as he met Sherlock's gaze.  "I'm here with you, aren't I?"  Still smiling, John stepped back slightly and gave Sherlock an unmistakable once-over.  "I probably should have said this from the first, but you look nice."
Sherlock spared a withering glare for the security officer before setting off in pursuit.
"Suit yourself," Candii drawled, screwing the cap back on.  "How was your flight?"
"Virginity is an abstract concept, John," Sherlock scolded, but there wasn’t any real heat in it.  He was too blissful to care.  "It's an outmoded idea commonly peddled heavily by various conservative religions and political groups alike in an attempt to shame individuals—particularly women—in an effort to deter them from engaging in premarital intercourse.  Furthermore, one can not simply 'lose' one's virginity the way one would 'lose' a set of keys or a pint of blood or a wallet or a mobile phone.  It is something that the inexperienced individual in question has hopefully chosen to engage in with at least a microm of forethought for pregnancy prevention or the risks of disease transmission."
: "I need more firefighter!John in my life."
Sherlock paused in mid-step, turning to give John a raised eyebrow.  "Is that a legitimate question, or a terrible attempt at innuendo?"
"John?" Sherlock asked, looking over to gauge the other man's reaction.
Unfortunately, John shook his head, dashing Sherlock's private hopes.  "Nope.  Chance to compete would be a fine thing, but I'm just working this weekend."  He gestured, indicating the shirt and the toolbox as if Sherlock were some sort of idiot incapable of observing the evidence with his own.  "There's an event coming up next month that I'm hoping to go to," John continued, "assuming I can scrape together the entry fees, that is."
"So how come you never learned to cook?" John asked after a few minutes of companionable chewing.  "Were your parents too busy, or what?
"I'm getting to that.  The average independent stock contractor makes something between twenty-five thousand to forty-thousand dollars a year, but elite contractors supplying major events such as the National Finals Rodeo or the PRCA Championships make...considerably more."
With a sigh, John propped himself on one elbow and used his free hand to nudge Sherlock's face towards him.  "Oh don't be like that," John scolded, brushing his thumb across Sherlock's protruding lower lip.
Sherlock picked up his briefcase and followed, his long legs easily keeping up with the rapid tattoo of Donovan's heels as she strode down the hallway.
"I haven't said anything untrue," Sherlock retorted indignantly.  "Furthermore, if she's that frightened of the truth, then she's clearly hiding something—just look at the way she refuses to meet my eyes and the way she keeps looking down at her hands!"
"Theorizing without adequate data is an amateur's mistake," Sherlock scolded.  "Inevitably, facts are twisted to—"
Long fingers reached out, plucking the top file from the tabletop and opening it to the consultant's eager perusal.  His eyes immediately narrowed in concentration and Sherlock frowned, his left hand fumbling absently for the old-fashioned magnifying glass he'd dropped between the sofa cushions the previous week to take a closer look at the photographs contained within.
To his annoyance, there was nothing useful to see.  Too many people had trod on the scene since the night the trainer was killed.  Any informative foot or hoofprints outside the stall had been long-since obliterated by gurney wheels, police, or the trompings of the so-called forensics team.  Sherlock ducked under the tape with a sneer and turned his attention to the closed door of the stall itself.  He crouched down again, carefully playing the beam of his torch over the wooden surface.  He could see several places where the door had splintered outward in response to blows to the stallion's hooves.  Sherlock tilted his head, mentally calculating the force that would have had to been applied based on Blaze's hooves and the thickness of the wood.  As he stood up, something near the hinge glinted, catching the corner of his eye before vanishing.  Curious, Sherlock turned to look, repeatedly running the light over the rough surface before the glimmer showed itself again.  Sherlock stepped closer, his attention caught.
"Thank you Miss Tregennis," Donovan said warmly.  "Or would you rather I call you Brenda?"
"Ask him if he's eaten anything recently, like possibly-contaminated feed," John ordered, putting his hand on what Sherlock identified as a bag of activated charcoal.
John snickered and Sherlock felt his own smile widening in response as he looked at John from the corner of his eye.  "I also studied how to pick locks...until Mum—" Sherlock barely managed to avoid using the habitual 'Mummy' "—put a stop to that."  Thankfully John didn't seem to notice the slip.
"What makes them so amazing?" Sherlock asked, ruthlessly suppressing the surge of jealousy that arose at John's casual mention of his myriad of past partners.  He—no, '
"You think not?" John asked, one eyebrow rising in challenge.  "You want me to show you how wrong you are?"
Donovan snorted, clearly not buying either his apology or plea, but she reached over for a manila folder and dropped in front of him anyway.  "There's not a lot to go on," Donovan warned him as Sherlock began thumbing through the folder's contents.
"Hush, now.  Just be patient," John chided, but the smile evident in his voice made it clear it was for pretend, rather than with any real heat.  "Don't worry.  I'm going to take
Donovan pursed her lips and turned the tube over several more times, before reluctantly returning the slim plastic vial to Sherlock's possession.  "Fine.  You can have it back, but I want to know the results when you do complete your tests."  She gave Sherlock a pointed look.  "I'm trusting you to work with me, Mr. Holmes—"
"Sorry about the delay," Mike began easily as he rocked back on his heels.  "So what’s going on, John?   Bass said you needed me specifically?"
Sherlock flicked his eyes sidewise, trying to gauge the feel of the room and saw that he wasn't the only person enjoying the view.  A pair of women sitting at the table nearby were watching John also.  The lust in their gaze was unmistakable.  They kept giggling and whispering to each other and their low-voiced comments of "hung like a horse" and "I'd ride that cowboy" were so blatantly obvious, it was scarcely worth the effort of lipreading.
"—doesn't justify you calling him.  He's still a suspect—"
Once inside, John spent a few moments studying the crowd before leading Sherlock towards the back of the room.
Sherlock refocused and batted furiously at John’s hands, trying to shove the other man away.  Under normal circumstances, the mere idea of John removing his clothes would be enough to result in an inconvenient erection, but here?  In public?  Surrounded by strangers?  Who were watching them with undisguised interest, if not outright lust?  It was frankly embarrassing.  "I hardly think this is the appropriate time or place—" Sherlock snapped, crossing his arms protectively over his chest and lowering his chin.
He wasn't wrong.
"Oh Jesus, that poor woman!" John exclaimed, his eyes wide with horror.
Molly nodded.  "During the summer and fall, quite a few people like to go on trail rides in the backcountry.  I can understand the appeal.  It's quite pretty.  The 'Western Nights' tours are really popular with folks who soak up some of that 'real Old West atmosphere.'" Molly wrinkled her nose, apparently not at all taken in by the highly romanticized nostalgia for an era where antibiotics were nonexistent and systematic genocide wasn't even blinked at.
Sherlock growled.  John's lips were warm and slightly chapped.  It took only the lightest brush of Sherlock's tongue against the bottom one to encourage them to part.
"I said your timing’s shit, Billy," John repeated as he concentrated on easing the zipper down.  There was an odd half-smile twisting his lips, more sardonic than seductive.  "You’re about two seconds from being out cold, so no.  Because for the record?  If you’re going to pass out, I’d rather it be because I just made you come so hard you’ll swear you saw Jesus, not because you decided to be a damn fool."
The waitress looked Sherlock over with a critical eye and pursed her lips.  "There's a men's down the hall by the bar if you want to clean yourself up?"
Sherlock froze at the first touch of John's fingers against his hair, the muscles in his neck and shoulders going tight in anticipation.  It was either that or jerk away, something that would certainly kill the seductive mood John was clearly trying to set.  He
"That was fantastic," John eventually whispered, letting Sherlock’s penis slip free from between his lips to lay flaccid and soft against his cheek as he looked up at Sherlock, his eyes bright with affection.
"Being considered adorable is not the same as being considered sexually desirable, John," Sherlock said tartly.
Questions and pieces of information had swirled in Sherlock’s brain as they’d walked through the crowd, not unlike an equine being plagued by buzzing ectoparasites.  And, like an equine, resulting in extreme irritation at the refusal of said flying, biting annoyances to leave.  Who had been spying on them in the stripping chutes?  What had they been hoping to overhear?  Was it related to the current case?  If not, then what were the potential motivators?  Could it be money?  Espionage?  Scoping the competition?   Baz Moran had straight-up told them that his main reason for visiting Texas was to look for promising  bulls that might eventually show up at Las Vegas events.  Ergo, it made sense to assume that Baz Moran wasn’t the only forward-thinking rider scoping out theoretical matchups.  But if their eavesdropper wasn’t a rider, then what else could they be?
Molly had nodded again, tucking a flyaway strand of hair back behind her ear.
Wordlessly, Sherlock extended his uninjured arm, allowing John's hand encircled his wrist.  Sherlock's mouth stretched in a crooked smile as he looked up, seeing his bemusement mirrored on John's face.  With a huff, Sherlock shifted his feet, ostensibly bracing himself, but in reality buying himself time to brush his first two fingers across John's wrist, measuring other man's pulse.  It was fast, Sherlock noted, faster than would be warranted by exertion alone.  Arousal, then.  Good.  He could work with that.
"I know," John replied, giving her a smile that, to Sherlock's eye managed to look both friendly and respectful, rather than condescending.  "I apologize for dropping in unexpectedly this close to closing, but I need to consult with Doctor Sterndale.  My name's John Watson.  I'm a fellow vet.  Could you please see if he's available?  It's fairly important."
"Perhaps," Sherlock answered vaguely instead, allowing no trace of his thoughts to appear on his face as he purposely bit his bottom lip in a way he knew was endearingly (and distractingly) attractive.  It also had the added benefit of making him look like one of the brainless trust-fund idiots he frequently saw at the tracks.  "How do you know John?  Did you meet him on the rodeo circuit?" Sherlock asked, making a quick assessment that Baz Moran was the type to gossip, especially if it could cast a rival in poor light.
Sherlock hurriedly selected a packet at random, since none of the flavors John had listed were personally objectionable, (unlike, say, the flavour of liquorice, which he despised with a passion).  He pressed it into John’s hand, almost dropping the other two in his eagerness to get
"Yeah, Watson, get a room, at least!" a snide voice drawled from off to Sherlock’s left.  "No need to rub it in unless you’re inviting us to a gang-bang."
Sherlock corrected mentally, gritting his teeth at the continued abuse of proper grammar.
"I'm calling in an expert," Sherlock replied absently, his fingers already tapping out a reply.
"When was this?" Sherlock demanded.
Underneath the images of the horse were photographs of the empty stall that had been taken after the horse had been removed.  Liberal smears of crimson daubed the walls and crusted the jagged edges of multiple broken planks.  In one photograph, a bloody handprint could be seen wrapped a shattered board, the grasp of a desperate man scrabbling futility for salvation or a weapon.  The straw bedding lining the stall's floor was churned and scattered, exposing swaths of bare concrete and more patches of blood dried a rusty brown.
Not enough data.
Sherlock briefly narrowed his eyes in puzzlement.  John's hesitant tone seemed at odds with his normally confident attitude.  Was it because of Sherlock's huff of frustration?
Doctor Früh gave him a disdainful look.  "As far as samples, we have collected blood, urine and fecal matter," she began.  "Those are currently being analyzed by a laboratory.  I hope to know more in a few hours.  My primary concern, however, is the danger that New Scotland Yard presents to both himself and my staff.  As you can see, New Scotland Yard is currently quarantined for rabies—yes, Mister Holmes,  I am aware of his current vaccinated status—" Doctor Früh snapped when Sherlock snorted "—this is a standard precaution.  New Scotland Yard will be kept under close observation for progression of his neurological signs.  If he successfully passes the quarantine period, I will revise my treatment plan."
"It can be, if you can get your own clinic going," John replied vaguely.  "I'm hoping to do so someday, but I gotta take care of some other stuff first."
John blew out a breath.  "Right.  Sorry.  So, not to state the obvious, but...bulls are a bit different from horses—shut up—" John chided when Sherlock gave a derisive snort accompanied by an eye roll.  "You're the one who wanted to know, the least you could do is not be a dick about it."
Brenda shook her head.  "No.  I didn't.  It got so bad, I finally deleted my account."
"Oh, nothing big.  I just saw somebody I didn't expect to see here, that's all."
"Naw.  She belongs to Miz Ross, but she don't mind minglin' with us po' folks.  I'm Wayne Jones," the man introduced himself, offering a hand which Sherlock took.  Wayne Jones's slight frame was belayed by the strength of his grip as he easily pulled the taller man to his feet.  "You must be the new guy Miz Molly's sighing over."
He'd quizzed his fellow passengers during the drive over about the environment and clientele.  His early years of riding on Mycroft's coattails had taught him that bars and clubs were popular venues for doing under-the-table or off-the-books business.  The Antidiogenes Club in particular had probably heard more scandalous conversations, bent-over-the-table negotiations and cutthroat agreements in the last ninety-three years than the prime minister's cigar lounge at Chequers.  There was a chance that he might manage to overhear something useful.
Sherlock could hear John licking his lips nervously as he waited for Sherlock's response and he frowned in confusion.  Why would John be nerv—oh.  Yes, Sherlock realized, comprehension suddenly dawning.  The often overwhelming and base human urge to fornicate.  Victor certainly hadn't enjoyed being put off when Sherlock had been absorbed in an experiment or his studies.  Judging by the hesitance of John's question, he'd likely had several dates end with disastrous abruptness from John answering his phone and then rushing off to deal with a patient or his sister.  He'd even said as much.
The detective was quite beautiful, Sherlock noted absently.  She had inherited her father's spray of freckles across her nose and her brown hair contained hints of auburn.  Far more interesting, however, were the myriad of micro-expressions shifting across her face.  Distrust, annoyance, impatience, the faint lines of chronic stress and the shadows of sleep deprivation.  It was evident that she wasn't happy to see him, but neither did she seem surprised.
"Like that.  Only worse."  Molly swallowed.  "It...it was bad.  The police wouldn't let us get too close to the body, but it was kind of hard to avoid seeing it when we lassoed and cross-tied Blaze so that Doctor Watson could sedate him.  Afterwards—"
"Shit, sorry, that came out wrong.  I was teasing, I didn't mean to hurt your feelings," John explained hurriedly, apparently recognizing Sherlock's defensive posture.  He stepped closer and rubbed a soothing hand against Sherlock's upper arm, the way Sherlock would automatically use touch to calm a skittish horse.  "I wasn't trying to imply you did anything wrong—I loved the innuendo, by the way—it's just, your timing could use a little work."
He'd forgotten that billiards could be fun, Sherlock mused as he watched John begin to arrange the coloured spheres in the rack to his liking.  Mycroft had proved to be an excellent teacher, but their games had always carried the shadow of sibling rivalry with him trying (in vain) to surpass Mycroft’s superior experience.  Not only were his and John’s skill levels comparable, there were other, unexpected benefits he hadn’t foreseen.
"Yes Ma'am.  I mean no Ma'am," Brenda replied, looking abashed.  "My first horse was a pony named Butterscotch.  I didn't start riding Cream Soda until later.  Mom said I had to be big enough and good enough before she'd let me ride her baby," Brenda added, confirming Sherlock's prior observation.
Donovan nodded slowly, obviously weighing Sherlock's words against her own suspicions as she read through the article.  She picked up her pen and scribbled another note to herself.
"How much are we talking about?"
"Billy?!" John squawked as Sherlock suddenly wound long arms around John's waist and tugged him down off the divider and into his lap.
"What style?" Sherlock asked without much hope.  "Western or English?"
"Moron," Sherlock huffed as he spun out of harm's way in an effortless pirouette.  He used the momentum to drop the collapsible training wand in his left hand and snapped his wrist to extend it fully.  "Now
"Well yeah," John said with a shrug.  "It was Grandpa Hardwicke's prize possession and the one thing I have left from the ranch.  It'd be disrespectful not to."
Ficlet prompted by a comment made on The Andidiogenes Club: "Imagine Sherlock editing Wikipedia..."
John raised an eyebrow, like he couldn't believe why Sherlock was asking.  "Because bars tend to have St. Paddy's Day specials and wearing green is an easy way to show your Irish heritage?"
John clicked through to another spreadsheet.  “Look here.  I’ve grouped the major wrecks by breeders.  Some-not all, but definitely a higher percentage-of bull riders get hurt if they’re on top of one of Sterndale’s animals.  But this is where it starts getting weird.”  John scrolled down to another set of entries.  “These are all recent cases of cattle going nuts.  You can see the steers going nuts on the day we met...here’s a dairy cow that attacked a kid during a farm show...and then there’s today.”  John stuck the tip of his tongue out of his mouth as he laboriously began typing in ‘STEER DECORATING: AGGRESSIVE ANIMALS.  RED EYES.  STERNDALE WANTS ENTIRE HERD EUTHANIZED.  IBR SUSPECTED, NOT CONFIRMED.’
Sherlock had barely managed to avoid aspirating his tea across his laptop screen.  Setting aside the fact that consuming horsemeat was a somewhat taboo practice in the United States since horses were considered pets, rather than a food source, it had taken all of one Google search to discover that the headline was plagiarized verbatim from a child's storybook written by somebody named Jill Pinkwater.
Sherlock harrumphed again, closing his eyes and resuming his thinking pose.  He heard John helping himself to Sherlock’s tea—courtesy of James—and then felt the sofa cushions shift slightly as John settled back to sort the mail he'd brought up.
"Which is?"
Victor had seen kissing as a quick, formal  prelude to the far-more-important act of intercourse or fellatio.  John, however, kissed like he was happy to spend all night doing so.
"Not helpful," Sherlock snapped, glaring.  "I need to see if they're similar to the panels for Devil's Blaze.  Who's the vet in charge?"
"Observing Devil's Blaze," Sherlock finally replied, opting for an innocuous answer.  He set down his cup and taking a bite of his honey-drizzled toast.  At Molly's look of confusion, Sherlock bit back an exasperated sigh, easily covering it with a swallow of bread.  "I prefer to spend at least a day observing a horse in his or her environment before I begin working with them," he explained, once his mouth was empty.  "Quite often, there proves to be an environmental factor at play."
"Apology accepted.  Now, as I was saying, bulls don't tend to run away.  They also don't buck the way most horses do; more often than not, bulls buck while spinning in a circle, so it takes a slightly different set of skills to keep from getting thrown.  A good rider has to have good balance and quick reflexes, excellent timing and a lot of strength.  The best riders study their opponents and train accordingly, especially since some bulls always turn to the right, or maybe lower their head as a tell.  Of course, it also helps to be short and have big balls."
"If he'll let me.  Legs and belly only," Sherlock replied.  "I can't get close enough to him yet to use a sweat scraper."
"Okay then.  Here's my keys," John offered, pulling them from his pocket and passing them to Sherlock with far more gentleness than he had displayed earlier.  "Take your time.  I'll text you the address of wherever we end up.  When you're done, you can meet me there and I'll give you a ride back to your truck."
"No."  A lie.  Cooking was just chemistry.  He was nowhere near as accomplished as his older brother, but it wasn't an especially challenging pastime for a genius...provided he kept himself from being distracted during the process.  It had taken the cleaners ages to get the smell of burned Bouillabaisse out of the flat.  "Generally I leave cooking to the professionals."  Truth, though in reality, it was simply more convenient to over-pay the rent on his flat and guilt Mrs. Hudson into supplying him regular meals on the rare occasions where he was home for any extended length of time and didn't feel like bothering with carryout.
"Mmm...indeed.  So what's the favor?" Sherlock asked abruptly, bored with the pointless small talk.
"Thank you," Sherlock said, opening the indicated drawer and pulling the knife out.  He checked the edge and gave a pleased hum.  The knife's blade was gratifyingly sharp.  It wasn't surprising that John was a person recognized the value of well-cared-for tools, Sherlock mused silently as he began expertly slicing fresh kernels from the two ears of corn and tossing them into the blender.  Everything in the flat that he'd seen so far might be worn or perhaps threadbare, but it was also meticulously clean.  Even the pots and pans that had obviously been purchased at a second-hand shop.  The cast iron skillet was an antique, something that he could reasonably expect to find on Portobello Road, back home.  Possibly an heirloom, possibly something John had picked up at a rummage sale.  Either way, it was properly seasoned.  Mycroft would approve.
"—timing’s shit."
"Great," Donovan said, closing her eyes.  "She won't cooperate willingly.  It'll take a warrant, and there's no guarantee it'll reveal anything useful.  I'll talk to Deputy Davis, see if she remembers anything else—" Donovan's desk phone rang and she left off in favor of answering it.  "Hello?  Yes, this is she.  Is he now?"  Donovan raised both eyebrows, holding up one hand to forestall Sherlock's barrage of questions.  "They are?  Alright.  I'll be right over."
and not his patients or previous
"Dick," John shot back, but there wasn't any real heat in his voice.  "I mentioned I was interested in you and you indicated that you weren't horrified by the idea."
Sherlock sat up very slowly, his expression torn between murderous and disbelieving at his brother's sheer gall as the vague hints Mycroft had dropped snapped into a cohesive whole.  "Stock horses?!" Sherlock repeated, his voice rising with ire. "Absolutely not!  I'm a Consulting Equestrian Expert, Mycroft!  I work with legendary bloodlines in the upper echelons of equine sports diagnosing idiot-caused behavior issues and recognizing subtle doping tells…Purebred, endangered bloodlines or not and your personal machinations aside, you want me to travel to America for the sake of a stock horse at a
"But who
Sherlock licked his lips, his mind once again flooding with the images of how John had looked with his lips wrapped around his penis, the sensations John had invoked, the way he'd clearly enjoyed himself the entire time…"Mmmmm yes," Sherlock purred.  "It was good.  It was very good.
John shrugged and rocked back on his heels, his tongue darting out to moisten his lips.  "If you don't mind cold water, we can spray you and your shirt off.  That way, you won't get cow shit all over your truck."
"I know how to care for leather, John," Sherlock snapped as he fumbled the buttons on his vest free and slapped the garment down on the exam table with a loud ‘thwap’.  The noise made several people turn in surprise, including the purple-haired medic who paused in their wrapping of a patient’s elbow.
"But preferably quite quickly," Sherlock added impatiently.  The gust of wind that fluttered the hem of his trousers made Sherlock absurdly glad that he'd taken the precaution of moving out of range.  His right ankle was already throbbing and he wasn't looking forward to seeing the constellation of bruises later.  He didn't miss the way Brenda's lips thinned, or the way her expression went somewhere between 'mulish' and 'murderous'.
Shifting again, Sherlock slowly began to undo John’s belt buckle and zip, only to be halted by a sun-browned hand covering his own.
Sherlock tilted his head.  "How often do stock contractors get replaced, and for what reasons?"
"I don't think so," Molly had replied.  "Doctor Watson mentioned that Captain Lestrade was worried because Scotty had been acting unusually spooky."
Lestrade refolded his arms and shrugged.  "Mostly by reputation at first.  You stay in any job long enough, you get to know most of the faces.  The committed ones at least.  Donovan was paired up with one of my old partners when she worked with patrol.  She's a stickler for regs.  It's one of the reasons she got head-hunted by the Fraud Division.  About ten years ago, her attention to detail uncovered a situation where a court clerk was double-billing convicted individuals for fees and surcharges and pocketing the difference."
“Get your hands back in my hair and rub,” Sherlock ordered, briefly pulling off when he realized John was using his hands to brace himself against the door instead of using them for something useful.
Mrs. Porter nodded her understanding, still looking slightly dazed by Sherlock's deduction.
Officer Gregory was patently unimaginative, but had the benefit of being through.  The initial report was a fairly standard dog attack investigation form that had been relabeled to read 'horse'.  Hand-written injury locations were marked on the back and front of the genderless human figure pictured on the front page's bottom right-hand corner.  It outlined the date, time, location, and basic details about the victim and witnesses.  The next page was a more-detailed typewritten document that incorporated verbatim statements from the witnesses, a more detailed description of the scene and the actions undertaken at the time.  There were also a good half-dozen witness statements that had been collected from the attending paramedics, the veterinarian that had responded, Fitzroy Simpson, (the heroic rodeo clown responsible for pulling Brenda Tregennis to safety after her horse attacked her), and other would-be rescuers.
he'd ordered, he'd bought an overpriced cup of ice filled with a flat, super-sour liquid that contained enough citric acid to pickle his taste buds and possibility remove the stains from his bathtub back in London.  Sherlock wrinkled his nose in disgust; with hindsight, he should have ordered a limeade instead.
A well-dressed woman, clearly alerted to their presence by the sound of truck wheels on gravel stepped out on the porch to meet them.  Her head was tilted to one side like a bird, clearly appraising them.  After a moment, she walked down the shallow steps to meet them.  "Hello Doctor Watson," she greeted them in a surprisingly deep and husky voice.
"Yes."
"So...ah...I was wondering, do you...have to be back at the ranch at a set time?  Like to help with evening chores or anything?" John asked abruptly, pulling Sherlock out of his mental wanderings.
“What was that?” John demanded.
"Two fingers of Evan Williams Honey Bourbon," Sherlock replied, ignoring the beer menu.  The last thing he wanted to do was accidentally overindulge and experience a disastrous repeat of the last time he and John were together in a bar.  Ordering a drink he could sip, rather than quaff, would reduce the chance of accidentally overindulging.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes.  He hated being told he was wrong.  Even when he was feigning ignorance for a case.  "Enlighten me, then," he demanded.  "And what do moose have to do with anything?  I thought we are talking about bulls?"
"What are you still doing in Texas working with horses at a gay rodeo, no less?" John returned.  "I would have thought you'd be up in Nebraska by now working on one of the big cattle ranches."
Sherlock shrugged.  "You know the restaurants around here better than I do.  What do you recommend?"
Sherlock made a mental note to investigate Kitty Riley more thoroughly later.  He'd glanced at her website briefly, but hadn't done much beyond noting the standard, emotionally-laden appeals to 'protect innocent animals from human cruelty' and a large button for viewers to donate.  "Have you shown the letters to the detective in charge of the investigation?"  Sherlock asked aloud.
“Mpffh,” John attempted, tongue thick and slow in his mouth.
"That is not a bad theory," Doctor Früh agreed.  "Though you're certainly not the first to suggest it."
Good.
A pang of self-doubt ran through his mind.  Was it possible Sterndale was correct?  Was he simply underestimating Devil's Blaze's naturally hot-blooded nature?  Frightened horses could, (and would) attack, even without being trapped in a stall and being struck repeatedly with a sharp curry comb.  Had he misinterpreted the photographs?  Or were Molly’s assertions that Devils Blaze was a sweetheart correct and the stallion’s ongoing behavioral issues were a symptom of whatever drug or drugs he’d been given?
"Evan Williams Honey Liqueur."
Alice snorted.  "Not likely.  Joe didn't really have friends unless they were of the 'girl' variety."
which was how he'd determined two key things during the course of his investigation: the first was that the case was much bigger than he'd initially anticipated.  The strange symptoms and the nebulous link to the African racehorse's death that Mycroft had pointed out demonstrated that.  The second was that unless John was secretly an exceptionally clever criminal, Donovan's theory was wrong and John and Candii Ross were both innocent.  Given the lack of conclusive proof, John's general nature, and Candii Ross's clear commitment to her horses, Sherlock was rather convinced that it was the latter, rather than the former.  Granted, his current theories were still too nebulous to prove, but he had confidence he would solve it.
Sherlock blinked.  Of all the reasons he'd formulated for Donovan's password security, that interesting bit of history hadn't been one of them.  He was an Consulting Equine Expert, not a detective, but it was still a foolish oversight.  Donovan's Cockney accent, the picture of her parents taken in front of Big Ben and her mother's military service should both have been clues.  He pursed his lips as he watched Donovan's fingers tap out a series of keystrokes which he vaguely recognized as something mathematically related.
“Your name is Billy Scott, yes?  I remember you from earlier.”
"I'll summarize then.  For starters, Straker wasn't just underreporting his winnings, he was underreporting them by a
"Only if that's what you want," John replied, giving Sherlock a cheerful leer as he topped off both of their glasses with the last of the Chardonnay.  "But speaking of having my way with you—or you with me—we should probably discuss some things first.  That way we know we're on the same page," John added with a nervous cough at Sherlock's raised eyebrow.
a cowboy manages to stay on one of my Kigers for the full eight seconds," Candii continued, her tone making it clear how rare an occurrence that was, "he's almost certainly guaranteed a score in the high eighties."
"Christ!" John said rhetorically, as he killed the engine.  "That does
"Gotcha," Doctor Danger confirmed.  "Beth, Sam, you two get hobbles on him.  I'll bring the trailer 'round so he won't have to walk so far."
Sherlock read through the list of names again, absently noting both masculine and feminine names.  One of the aspects that differentiated ‘gay’ rodeos from ‘straight’ rodeos was that gender made no limitations on which event an individual could compete in.  Standard rodeos didn’t allow women to compete in roughstock events such as bull riding or bronc riding; or men to be barrel racers.  LGBTQI+ rodeos did.  The AGRA finals were also somewhat unique by having fully mixed-gender competition instead of having separate divisions for men and women.
And all hell broke loose.
"Where did you get him?"
"Nevermind," Donovan said, shaking her head.  "It's a TV show."
The obvious affection and concern in John's voice made Sherlock feel ill, but he ruthlessly suppressed the guilt.  Ultimately, the only thing that mattered was The Work.  By hesitating, he was allowing emotions to cloud his mind and worse was the knowledge that Mycroft would never let him hear the end of it if he failed to solve this particular case because of
Sherlock had seen how some people used data derived from different sources, including form guides, statistics, and track surface information to place their wagers.  He knew others relied on their instincts, or resorted to pointless rituals in the hope that it would persuade the metaphorical ‘Lady Luck’ to grant her favour.  Last but not least, there were those responsible for his chosen profession: cheaters and crooks who relied on inside information, doping, or outright sabotage for the chance at enormous payouts.  It was why so many countries had laws and regulations prohibiting the drugging of race horses.  It was also why enterprising criminals went to such delightfully interesting lengths to develop new ways of avoiding detection.  Sherlock hadn’t been exaggerating when he’d informed Donovan that the examples of doping and sabotage he’d listed were only a small fraction of what he’d encountered over the years.
"About?"
The challenge of standing on three legs made it more difficult—but not impossible—for horses to kick.  Moving quickly, Sherlock threaded the rope between Scotty's rear legs and looped the wide nylon cuff of scotch hobble around Scotty's left rear pastern.  The large surface area would prevent abrasions, while also ensuring that it couldn't easily slip free.  After checking to see that none of the ropes were twisted, Sherlock tightened the hobble until it was snug and the tip of Scotty's left rear hoof was just touching the ground.  He brought the remaining end of the rope back up to Scotty's head and tied it off with a quick-release clove hitch.  If Scotty started kicking, Sherlock could easily tighten the line and force Scotty's leg up two inches—not enough to hurt him but certainly enough to make the horse redirect his focus on keeping his balance, rather than fighting the people that were trying to help him.  If Scotty started to fall, anybody could jerk on the knot and it would release immediately, allowing the horse use of all four feet and minimizing the risk of falling and accidentally breaking a leg.
~ * ~
"If you're certain, then we'll keep going."  Donovan flipped to a clean sheet of paper on her pad.  "I'd like to backtrack a bit."  Her eyes flicked sideways at Sherlock in an unmistakable warning to remain silent.  "Earlier, you mentioned that somebody posted a video of the attack online?  Is that correct?"
worthy of Mrs. Hudson's fresh-baked Chelsea buns or her rum-laced sticky toffee pudding.  He wanted to strip John naked and devour him, gorge himself on the taste of John's mouth and the different flavors of his skin until he was completely satiated, before sleeping for sixteen hours straight in a soft bed made up with Egyptian cotton sheets and his down comforter.
Sherlock jerked back in surprise.  He knew John had a temper...but he hadn’t realized how much John kept it in check until he lost it.
"Nope," Edith retorted with a disgustingly smug leer.  "I wasn't exaggerating at
To his credit, John recovered almost immediately.  The only indicator of John's feelings was the slight tremor in the hand resting on Sherlock's hip.  Sherlock shifted slightly so he could wrap a long arm around John’s shoulders to provide reciprocal comfort.  The gesture earned him a soft smile from John that spoke volumes about his love before John turned back to face James with a grim expression stamped on his features.
"Pepper-eating contests?" Sherlock repeated, his tone ripe with disbelief.
am a complete mercenary and only provide my services to those that can afford me.  You think sentiment is a chemical weakness found on the losing side?  Dear God, you poor man!" Irene had laughed, shaking her head with a combination of mockery and pity.  "You are going to be an absolute
"Yes, actually," Molly replied, with evident surprise.  "I bought him off of somebody who decided he was too old to keep showing.  He's perfect for relaxed trail rides and the occasional bit of fancy work."  Molly reached out and ran an affectionate hand over the gelding's neck, garnering a whicker of contentment from Toby.  "You're welcome to ride him, if you like," Molly offered.  "He likes you."
Nodding in agreement, Sherlock turned away to look out at the flat terrain just outside the passenger window again.
"Basic safety—" Sherlock replied almost simultaneously.
Faster than Sherlock would have thought possible, John darted forward, managing to slide the hypodermic into the gelding's neck without breaking the needle while Scotty's head was turned away.  He smoothly depressed the plunger to administer the sedatives and scrambled back over the stall gate to safety with the empty sharp still in one hand before Sherlock could do more than gasp.
Writing smut exercise.  Enjoy if you like, skip if you don't.  Pubic hair colour attributed to the adorable
"A bit," Sherlock lied.  He wasn't, not really, (two slices of Juana's
Candii's face was set in a frown and she spent a few moments drumming her fingers on her desk before answering.  "The best I can say is it's a gut feelin'."
Sherlock wrinkled his nose.  "Ummm...nope.  What were you drinking earlier?"
"I'm sure he did, since he's asked me a few other times if he can give my 'horsie' carrots."
"Regardless," Sherlock continued, as if John's non-answer was nothing to him.  "I would be remiss in not investigating on the off chance that your suspicion is correct and this is somehow related to whatever is causing Devil's Blaze's behavior.  So go on, remind me what all you've checked for?"
"Possibly."
John pursed his lips, clearly thinking about the situation.  After a moment, he slid Sherlock a sideways gaze.  "So...what did you do?"
"Well...I...I've got a favor to ask, but first, how's your head?"
"Doc Watson," the rodeo clown panted, skidding to a halt, his boots sending up a cloud of dust.  He pushed his hat back to reveal a weather-lined face.  "Thank God you're here.  We need you in there bad.  Sholto sent me to help you carry stuff."
While Doctor Sawyer had focused on caring for the horse's obvious injuries, Doctor Watson had investigated the potential underlying causes.  He'd been the vet to order the drug screens.  When those had come back clean, he'd expanded the scope of his search.  A complete blood count and ACTH stimulation test had both been run to rule out Equine Cushing's Disease, as had a cancer antigen test that could indicate a possible brain tumor.  He'd ordered tests for Vitamin B1 and Magnesium deficiencies, either of which could cause a normally healthy horse to act nervous, spooky, or otherwise unpredictably.  He'd ordered tests for gastric ulcers, a common source of belly pain that could cause a horse to act out.  He'd also thought to order x-rays to search for pinched nerves, ruptured disks, or other causes of excruciating pain that might explain the stallion's behavior.
He wanted more.  But before he could do more than bring one hand up to cup the back of John's neck in preparation for intensifying his oral assault, John pulled back, their lips parting with a little smacking sound.
"What...what about you?" Sherlock managed after two tries, his tongue feeling abnormally thick and slow from the residual endorphins coursing through his system.  Reciprocation was important; Victor had drilled that fact into him repeatedly.  Sherlock mustn't be selfish in bed.  He should reciprocate every one of Victor's advances with an extended session of fellatio, regardless of how perfunctory Victor's own offering had been, whether Sherlock got off, or even if Sherlock had actually been in the mood in the first place.
"John," Sherlock growled after a long moment, frustrated with John's lack of movement.  "No pun intended, but would you quit dicking around?"
"Devil's Blaze mostly," Sherlock answered vaguely.
The spell was broken by their waitress returning with their appetizers.
Once inside, Sherlock commandeered the pseudo-kitchen by spreading his purchases out over the counter while John fiddled with the thermostat in an effort to counteract the room's stale air.
Still smirking, Sherlock took another deep drag, ribs expanding as he drew the nicotine-laced air deep into his lungs.
"When's your birthday?"
~ * ~
"I’m not most people."
, as Mycroft had so condescendingly repeated to Sherlock's younger self countless times when they were growing up.  It didn't make her a bad detective, just...limited.  The same as almost every other police officer he'd dealt with, Sherlock thought idly as he scratched at a mosquito bite on the back of his neck.
Still coughing, John slid off his stool to plant his shorter frame squarely between Sherlock’s own and the cluster of furious and humiliated cowboys advancing towards them.  “You’re a dick, you do realize that?” John asked rhetorically, just before the first punch was thrown.
"Hola Juana," Molly began, giving Sherlock a slightly bashful look as she addressed the cook.  "Aqui es Billy," Molly continued, once she had the other woman's attention, pointing to where Sherlock was standing.
"I know it's fine...I'm just...surprised that you'd offer.  To teach me, that is.
When he didn't receive a reply, he slowly typed out another message.
“Clearly you’ve spotted something, or else you would say that statement with more confidence.”
“Piss off,” Sherlock snapped, still frantically scanning the crowd for a familiar blond head.  “
"You need me," Sherlock retorted, ignoring Lestrade's surprise and focusing on the Appaloosa in front of him.
John used his left hand to move up and down on Sherlock's shaft, establishing a steady, toe-curling rhythm.  His right hand reached between Sherlock's spread thighs to cup the heavy weight of Sherlock's testicles in his warm palm.  He alternated between petting the sparse hair with the calloused pad of his thumb, rolling them between his fingers and tugging on them gently, making Sherlock writhe in pleasure.  It was wonderful, all slickness and tongue, the scorching warmth of John's mouth, the pull of John's lips and the feeling of John's soft palate pressing against the head of his cock.
"Nevermind.  We can purchase some peppercorns.  What about a food processor?" Sherlock asked, thinking of the necessary kitchen implements the recipe had specified.  "Do you own one of those?"  If not, he would either have to purchase one or revise his menu, since it wasn't possible to sneak downstairs and "borrow" Mrs. Hudson's, the way he would back home.
"As in 'where there's smoke, there's fire?'" Donovan asked dubiously, raising an eyebrow.
"Errrr…where is it?"
“Oh.  No.  Not until tomorr—”
. Sherlock blinked again, his gaze traveling over the boots, taking in sinfully muscled legs clad in soft, faded denim and leather chaps.  The stranger shifted in his crouch, his legs spreading just enough for Sherlock to catch a glimpse of the oversized, highly polished buckle the man wore on his elaborately-tooled belt.
An expression of disgust briefly flickered across Candii's features, though it was quickly smoothed away.  "Why?" she drawled instead.  "It ain't an event I've ever been contracted for."
"I...don't know," Sherlock replied.  Victor certainly hadn't been, voicing numerous loud complaints about Sherlock's cold hands and feet, but the hopeful expression on John's face made it clear that he would be disappointed otherwise, perhaps even call an end to their evening.  Which could upset his evening agenda.  And—if he was being honest with himself—the prospect of a post-coital cuddle up to John was not unpleasant, so when John gave his hand another encouraging tug, Sherlock went willingly.  He draped himself across John's chest and entwined their legs, slotting one slim thigh between John's two muscular one and laying his head back down so that his right cheek was resting against John's sternum.  From this position, he could hear the steady thrum of John's heartbeat and the rush of air to and from his lungs.
'That will be more difficult," Doctor Früh pointed out, "considering that Doctor Watson may come to check on New Scotland Yard, but I shall do my best."
"Thank you," Donovan said, quickly writing the name down and circling it.  "Now, what did EquineadvoKat do?"
charge my exorbitant rates.  Besides—" she'd added, running one manicured finger up Sherlock's shirtfront before tapping him lightly on the lips, "—the challenge is a turn-on."
"Ah...right," John said, rubbing the back of his neck.  "I guess we do need a bit of space.  Come on.  Follow me."
"That's not surprising," Sherlock rumbled, making no effort to hide his satisfaction at John's confession.  "Quite a few people are ignorant of the merits of both external and internal prostate stimulation."
"Wipe that look off your face," John mock-scolded.  "Don't think I didn't notice you tapping along in time with the beat," John added, directing his gaze to Sherlock's errant left hand.  "So...do you?"
The clip been so heavily edited, it was practically worthless.  The video had been run through a darkening filter to give it a more ominous atmosphere and set to maudlin, hard rock where the singer urged the listeners to "call my name and save me from the dark."  The shots of Brenda jerking on Cream Soda's halter and Cream Soda's reactions had been slowed down to give them more gravitas, and punctuated several times by still shots of Brenda smacking Cream Soda with the handle of the curry brush.
Mycroft hadn't been given the nickname 'Ice Man' by his peers for nothing.
The younger man parked the wheelbarrow and picked up the pole hook while Socorro put down the buckets he was carrying and uncoiled the bullwhip from his shoulder.  Keeping a wary eye on the stallion, the first man crouched down and used the pole hook to pull out two empty, and much abused, rubber dishes from the paddock.  Setting the empty containers aside, he picked up the rake and began raking the worst clumps of manure and spoiled hay through the opening between the paddock's lowest rail and the ground.  Socorro stood near by, his bullwhip unfurled and poised.
Growing up in the middle of Tornado Alley had given her a lifetime's worth of experience as an amateur meteorologist. It also made her leery of relying solely on the weather reports.  Professional forecasters—no matter how well-intentioned—were prone to exaggerating possible scenarios in the ever-constant bid for better ratings.  Early-morning storms were rare but if the professionals' predictions were to be believed, strong, gusting winds, large-sized hail, flash floods and the potential for tornadoes were all possibilities over the next few hours.  Molly blew out a breath as she analyzed the clouds, reluctantly concluding that in this case the local forecast predictions were probably accurate.
"You've known her for a while?" Sherlock asked.  He'd observed Lestrade and Donovan's professional interactions and their brief argument, but the ribbing over the coffee indicated something else.  Something that wasn't quite 'friend' but still slightly warmer than 'collegue'.
"Better?" John asked, tipping his head to one side as he studied Sherlock's face.  Both of his hands were still gripping Sherlock's biceps with gentle but firm pressure, more solicitous than seductive.
"Well, the first one consists of two-person teams seeing who can decorate a steer the fastest by tying a ribbon around its tail.  The goat dressing is pretty similar, only instead of a ribbon, the goal is to get a pair of tighty whities over the backside of a goat and make it back across the line and tag the timekeeper before the goat shucks the underwear.  It's probably a matter of time before somebody decides to up the ante by adding bras."
"Because Mr. Hunter tested with a BAC level of 0.29%," Donovan replied, her tone dry.  "One of our officers found him passed out in one of the stalls two aisles over.  Apparently it's a bit of a miracle that he didn't choke to death on his own vomit."
"I..." Sherlock fell silent, trying to decide how to formulate his response.  He
be served iced.  The mere idea was an abomination...but maybe it was one he could save to inflict on Mycroft… "Never mind," Sherlock said aloud.  "I'll have water with dinner."
he thought blearily,
Almost absently, Sherlock brushed his left hand over the holster he wore on his hip, checking one last time that the small but extremely powerful stun gun it contained was in its proper place and that the collapsable training stick currently hidden in his left sleeve was ready.  Habit had him pulling the stun gun out partway to double-check that the safety tether was still attached firmly to both the handle and his belt.  His objective for today was to begin establishing respect via groundwork, but in the event he did need to draw the gun to defend himself, the last thing he wanted to risk was dropping it or having it fly out of his hands and landing somewhere beyond his reach.  Satisfied, Sherlock dropped the gun back into its holster.
Time seemed to slow down to treacle-like speed as Sherlock saw John nod to signal his readiness.  Then the massive gate swung open, revealing a horse that was in the process of rearing in the confined space.  Clearly he wasn’t going to waste any time fighting like a mad thing to dislodge the rider clingingly stubbornly to his back.  Speckled Band gave an odd little hop off his back legs, then another, followed by a third.  It was a move that Sherlock would have described as a
"They...um...apparently made some...less than flattering remarks about gays and lesbians and since Harry was there with a date and they'd been drinking it...got...pretty ugly.  Edith said that John—sorry, Doctor Watson—was absolutely furious by the time they got there.  She said he also chinned one of the officers and got arrested because of it.  Not exactly a romantic evening," Molly had commented ruefully, taking another sip of her drink, "but certainly exciting."
"Yep, dipping's a nasty habit," John agreed dryly, taking a sip of his own beverage.  "To answer your question, no.  The bronc sections are considered part of the main rodeo performance, so they'll be in Amarillo building with the rest of the serious events this weekend.  The program listed some of the camp events will be held there, though."
The overhead lights began to dim as a giant countdown timer appeared on the scoreboard.  At twenty seconds remaining, the lights were almost fully dark.  At ten seconds remaining, the audience joined the countdown.  At 0:00, the floor erupted into a display of music-synchronized pyrotechnics while a laser light show danced overhead.  Sherlock resisted the urge to slam his hands over his ears as the delighted crowd screamed around him.
"Really?  That surprises me."
"No.  Thank you for your time."
Sherlock waved a languid hand in dismissal.  No doubt John would insist on Stamford’s instructions being followed to the letter.  "Tedious."
As Brenda Tregennis's hospitalization had so aptly demonstrated.
Two vertical lines appeared between John’s eyebrows.  "No…" he said slowly, "it’s because I care about you, you ass.  I’ve said as much before, or did you forget that I told you I was starting to job-hunt in Montana?" John tipped his head.  "I like you.  A lot.  Though God alone knows sometimes why..."
Lip curled in irritation, Sherlock slowly laid his specimen tubes and instruments down to avoid damaging them before raising his hands and turning around as he'd been ordered to do.  He found himself facing a silver-haired man approximately his own height, though broader with muscle and at least twenty years older, putting him comfortably in his fifties.  Mrs. Hudson would probably have described him as a 'Silver Fox' if he were inclined to ask her about her opinion on men.  The man was clad in the dark blue uniform of a Texas police officer, complete with a truncheon, a taser, handcuffs, the ubiquitous American firearm and an expression that was anything but welcoming.
“One of the new bulls he-Sterndale that is-brought with him attacked the sliding gate as it opened during loading this morning,” Herb explained.  “Gaumed it all up.  Thank Pasta it was now, and not during last night’s performance.”
"Sorry, sorry," John coughed, eyes watering as he steered the Humvee off of the narrow shoulder and back into its proper lane.  Fortunately for them, the patch of roadway they were on was empty of other vehicles.  "Did you seriously just say conjugal rights?"
.  He took his time, sliding and pressing over John's perineum and simultaneously feeling for the beginning of John's bulbocavernosus muscle, while John panted and swore above him.  Sherlock smiled to himself as he listened to the increasing desperate pitch and vulgarity of John speech.  John had expressed his approval of prostate stimulation, but, (based on the complaints he'd overheard through the years) far too many people lacked the necessary anatomical knowledge to properly externally stimulate the prostate and ended up pressing too far forward...
"In addition to the prestige," Sherlock added, "which is the real grand prize."  He tilted his head, seeing that Donovan still wasn't grasping the merciless nature of the racing industry.  "Tell me, have you ever heard of the Melba Toastya case?"
"That's one theory," Donovan answered, shooting a sidewise look at Lestrade.  "At this point though, we have too many questions and not enough answers.  I'm hoping that you may be able to help us answer some of those questions."
"Melba Toastya, a South African racehorse of some renown.  It was a possible case of equine murder, though it was never solved as such," Mycroft explained, handing his brother the second to last folder he'd removed from his attaché case.  "I'm not surprised you don't recall the incident, you were only five at the time.  To summarize, Melba Toastya was slated to win the Durban July Handicap in 1986, but three days before the race was set to begin he went berserk, attacking and killing a groom in the process.  Unfortunately, the animal also sustained a broken leg while attacking his stall and had to be euthanized.  His owner was investigated, but eventually cleared of any wrongdoing."
"Put your hands up where I can see them," the voice growled, its cadence one of authority that expected to be obeyed.  "Who are you and what the hell are you doing poking around a sealed crime scene?"
Once he was back inside the cubby, Sherlock unfolded the pile, revealing a set of chaps and a matching vest made out of buckskin, which felt buttery-soft against the palms of his hands.  The chaps were the shotgun, or 'stovepipe' style the shopkeeper had mentioned, so named for the straight, narrow legs that closely resembled a pair of trousers.  The top yoke and side yokes were decorated with intricate leather tooling in the pattern of bees and saguaro blossoms, a bit of unexpected whimsy that made Sherlock smile in spite of himself.  The flowers had been given a subtle wash of white to accentuate the petals, while the bees had been picked out in different tones of silver, pewter, and steel.  Antiqued silver buckles and modest fringe completed the ornamentation.  He slid them on and then turned to survey his reflection in the mirror with pursed lips.
"I see," Sherlock replied faintly a bit horrified by the torrent of information.  He decided not to mention that he had, in fact done so.  Once.  By accident.  As sensitive as his olfactory nerves and taste receptors were, it was easier to document his results using properly calibrated laboratory equipment.  The worst part hadn't been the taste, (which had been revolting), but Mrs. Hudson's unspoken air of "I told you to label your experiments and not reuse containers, dear" smug superiority.
Sherlock opened his mouth to reply, but startled at the touch of a cold, wet nose brushing his palm.  The collie, displeased with the end of her petting session, had scrambled to her feet to sit at his feet and was unashamedly nudging her head underneath his hand.  Sherlock looked down, a bemused expression on his face at being so easily manipulated, before beginning to gently massage the collie's ears while she panted happily.  "Billy Scott," Sherlock introduced himself, giving the other man's hand a firm shake before releasing it.  "Pleasure to make your acquaintance, Mr. Jones."
"I'm sorry to hear that," John said his tone warm with sympathy.  "I had a favorite childhood dog when I was growing up too—a pitbull named Gladstone, but we always called him Gallstone, because that's what my grandma constantly complained about."
On the arena below, another calf bolted from the chute, egged on by whoops of encouragement from the sidelines.  The first rider sent his lasso flying, but the calf dodged at the last second, successfully evading capture.  The second rider pulled his horse up with a disgusted shake of his head.
‘Other stuff’ likely referred to Harry Watson, Sherlock knew.  Best to change the subject…which wasn’t that difficult, since John was buckling his chaps back on in front of him.  Sherlock cleared his throat, trying not to stare too obviously at how the leather was showcasing John’s groin and arse.
"Messy, more than anything," John told him.  "The cuts weren't too deep, but they were definitely big enough to require stitching.  The rider, however, well that's another story."  John's expression was just a little evil.  "It's enough to make me believe in divine justice."
"That's not a Texas area code."
Tears started in Brenda's eyes.  She opened her mouth to speak, perhaps to refute Sherlock's observations, but Sherlock steamrolled over her objections before she could get the words out.
“I could say the same about you...except, oh yes, you’re not even considered a partner.  You only have a job because you-”
"You mentioned your vet tech certifications.  Did you ever assist Doctor Sterndale when he was here?"
"You're saying...?"
"I guess that makes sense," Molly said doubtfully.  "But that seems kind of sad.  What's that old saying?  All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy?"
Releasing his hand with a faint smirk, Candii sat back down in her chair, indicating with a wave that Sherlock should also be seated.  She picked up the square bottle of Fiji water sitting on the desk beside her and unscrewed the cap to take a drink.  "Do you want one?" she asked, holding the bottle up.
"Wait, you're not seriously suggesting John's somehow involved, are you?" Lestrade asked incredulously.
Sherlock pursed his lips as he ran another search for the payout schedules of past AGRA events.  He knew from previous reading that some of the larger rodeos, such as the NFR, had over six million dollars to pay out in prizes.  The AGRA wasn’t that lucrative—unsurprising since John had already stated that support for charities and entertainment were the main drivers of gay rodeos—but it was still large enough to attract a good number of competitors.  Sherlock found what he was looking for and clicked on one of the links with his thumb.  He didn’t know the exact purse for tonight’s event, or the total number of entrants, but it didn’t particularly matter.  Based on last year’s financial records, it was easy enough to extrapolate that even the lowest-placing competitor in tonight’s roughstock division would probably be walking away with the equivalent of several hundred pounds in their pocket.
Unbothered, Sherlock nodded in return, his eyes taking in the details of the woman before him.  His nominal employer looked older than her sixty years.  Her face weathered and lined by a lifetime of outdoor exposure to the harsh Texas sunlight that not even cosmetics could fully conceal.  Like Molly Hooper, she was wearing practical ranching clothes, though in a far more subdued pattern of charcoal and white plaid.
Which is what happened.
"Oh?" Sherlock interrupted.
"Of course it is.  Sit down," Lestrade ordered, ignoring Sherlock's sniff of disdain.  "I'm going to call this in,
Sherlock's lips thinned at the memory.  God help John Watson if Donovan managed to get her hands on his computer.  The man clearly didn't know how to cover his digital tracks, Sherlock remembered with a pained wince.  John's browser history and bookmarks had been absolutely
"Wonderful," Sherlock announced sarcastically, throwing his hands up in disgust.  "Our 'Good Samaritan' has helpfully vanished and we have no other leads.  Clearly your police department is to be commended for their diligence—"
"It's...not that I don't appreciate the gesture," John began in a slightly uncomfortable tone, toying with his still-unsealed wristband.  "It's just...you didn't have to do that.  I had the money for the tickets."
Sherlock and John watched Candii stride away, talking quickly on her mobile, her hair bouncing angrily with the force of her strides.  Bonnie barked once and chased after her, tail wagging happily.
"Well...that too."
"I'll keep that in mind," Sherlock said coolly.  "And you knew enough to look me up based on that?"
"Right...well...when I a kid, I wanted to be Captain America."
"Oh?  What time?"
maneuver.
“FIRST UP, FRRRRROM THE GREAT STATE OF NEEEEW YORK, WE HAVE CATHERINE CUSACK ON COUNTESS.  THIS FLASHY MARE IS ONE OF THE RHINESTONE RENEGADES’ CROWN JEWELS!  TOO ORNERY TO BE A SHOW JUMPER, THIS HAS FOUND HER CALLING AS A BUCKER.  MEANWHILE, HER RIDER, CC EARNED ALMOST FIFTY THOUSAND ON THE CIRCUIT LAST YEAR AND IS SLATED TO COMPETE IN CANADA’S INVITATION-ONLY CALGARY STAMPEDE NEXT MONTH!  NOT TOO MANY LADIES RIDE BRONCS ONE-HANDED, SO GETTING TO SEE CUSACK IN ACTION TONIGHT IS A REAL TREAT!  THERE’S THE NOD…AND SHE’S OFF!   FANTASTIC BUCKING ACTION FROM THE HORSE, EQUALLY FANTASTIC SPURRING ACTION FROM THE RIDER!  OH YEAH!!!! PICKUP EXECUTED…LET’S SHOW SOME LOVE FOR THE COWGIRL FROM NEW YORK CITY!!!!!
“Jooooohhhnnn!” came the irate yell from Sherlock’s bedroom.
Contrary to his private expectations, the evening had ended up being surprisingly tolerable.  Molly was an intelligent conversationalist when she wasn't blushing or attempting to flirt awkwardly.
The person shook their head emphatically.  “Yeah, nope.  I’ll stick to being a pickup rider.  I might have considered it when I was younger and stupider.  But nowadays? You couldn’t pay me enough to be a rodeo clown for love or money.  Bull fighting’s always been about taking your life in your hands, but bullfighting one of Sterndale’s animals is playing a game of Russian roulette with five bullets loaded.”
"Sure.  What can I get you?" John asked, standing up on his toes and pulling two mismatched glasses out of the cupboard.  The motion made the hem of his shirt ride up, exposing a thin strip of belly.
"He wasn't," Molly corrected him.  "John—I mean Doctor Watson—is now, but he wasn't before.  That was Doctor Sterndale.  Doctor Watson happened to be on site and came running when he heard there was trouble.  He also helped us get Blaze restrained before the police killed him.  Doctor Watson's a rodeo vet," Molly explained at Sherlock's look of deliberate confusion, "so he's got a lot of experience with out-of-control animals."
Mycroft made a soft, uncomfortable noise deep in his throat and Sherlock's ears perked up at the unexpected break in his elder brother's composure.  Not Christmas—not nearly loud enough—but certainly a minor point scored without any forethought.  "I never would have thought of it, if it weren't for the memoirs of James Herriot," Sherlock reminisced aloud, opening his eyes and looking sideways to study Mycroft's expression; his tone was speculative as he purposely needled his brother.  "Sabotaging a rival's breeding stallion by filling the equine AV with boiling water was certainly a novel approach to guaranteeing that the horse would never again attempt to impreg—"
"If you like."
Sherlock bit his bottom lip as John rubbed his nose across his clothed erection again, snuffling noisily.  He inhaled, hoping to fill his lungs with the scent of John's sweat and cologne in turn, but the traces that came to his nose were surprisingly faint.  Perhaps John had showered it off earlier?  No matter.  What he really wanted to do was touch John in turn.  He wanted to run his hands over John's smooth skin, trace his fingers and tongue over the secret dips and hollows of John's muscular frame, see if he could make the other man buck and gasp and swear, but his entire body felt heavy.  Leaden.  Like somebody had replaced all of his bones and muscles with raw bread dough.
Sherlock blinked and took a deep shuddery breath, rich with the scent of John and began shaking with the realization that he was metaphorically, if not literally, fucked.
“Maybe?” Depeau said slowly, “but in both eyes?  Simultaneously?  In a small portion of the herd?  Trauma seems statistically unlikely.”
"Wait, whose death?" Sherlock interrupted, narrowing his eyes in confusion.
“You’d be surprised,” Sterndale replied absently, reaching and gently taking a hold of the steer’s horn.  He used his other gloved hand to push the steer’s eyelid up and back...and then hissed something under his breath.”
The majority of Ms. Ross's horses were insured against accidental injury, with especially large policies being placed on animals that she obviously valued for her business: Devil's Blaze, a red dun mare named Pele, a blond buckskin mare named Freya, and another, dark red liver chestnut stallion with four white stockings that had fancifully been named Blazing Feet.  Interestingly enough, two young foals also carried policies.  They weren't anywhere near to what a high-quality British jumper or racehorse might be insured for, but they were sufficient to mean that attempted equine murder was not an unreasonable suspicion.
Sherlock nodded his understanding.  Molly Hooper's warning fit the profile he'd been assembling on Candii Ross.  A tough, no-nonsense woman with enough power to state her terms and apparently no patience for casual sexism.
“Welcome to the many joys of growing up,” John added with a wry smile.
John, meanwhile, picked up his mostly empty glass of wine and the chardonnay bottle in one hand, grabbed one of the folding chairs with the other, and carried everything into the main part of the flat.  "Join me?" John asked, setting the folding chair down across from the armchair and holding the bottle of wine up invitingly.
Sherlock froze, mentally cursing himself for being too absorbed in collecting his samples to pay heed to his surroundings.
"They were invented by a group of scientists that were looking for some way to create chewing gum that never loses its taste," John explained, oblivious to Sherlock's thoughts.  "Somebody, I don't know if it was a boyfriend, or a wife, or what, but somebody in the team had the brilliant idea to repurpose the research.  The polyisoprene sheath is embedded with some sort of nanocapsules that dissolve slowly at different rates, so the taste stays for a long time.  Now, you gonna pick one, or we gonna stay here talking all night?"  The cheeky, raised eyebrow he shot Sherlock made it clear that John knew
He'd also made several thousand pounds in untraceable cash, but Edith didn't need to know that.
The timbre of John's voice caught Sherlock's attention and he turned slightly to see John watching him, a warm smile on his face.  "That's an utterly unimaginative pickup line, John," Sherlock pointed out, trying, unsuccessfully to suppress the flush of pleasure that John's compliments invoked.
John tipped his head in the opposite direction, brow furrowing even as his lips twitched into a smile.  "Your...brother?"
"Now THAT was not my fault."
"Oh?  Do explain your process," Sherlock sneered.
"An Irish Setter.  His name was Redbeard.  He was my best friend until I went away to school."
"Well, well, well, what's your name, you sexy thang?" Baz crooned as he finally deigned to meet Sherlock's eyes.
"Oh," Molly replied, "right.  You, um, mentioned that yesterday."
"So…what are your plans for the day?" Molly asked, refilling her own cup of coffee and flavoring it liberally with four spoonfuls of sugar and a healthy dollop of cream.  She leaned one hip on the corner of the oversized wooden table taking up space in the center of the room.
Sherlock blinked.  "Considering the amount of sedatives you recently injected into his system, that is ridiculously high.  What's his respiratory rate?"
"Sorry," Mike apologized.  He pulled a handkerchief out of his pocket and used it to blot his forehead.  "Just a tickle in my throat."  Tucking the handkerchief away, Mike turned and looked over his shoulder at John and then back at Sherlock, visibly taking in their respective stances and accompanying body language.  "Are you competing today, John?" Mike asked abruptly.
His first target was the L-shaped kitchen area since it was closest.  The corner contained a minuscule refrigerator, cooktop and sink.  A small plastic folding table was pushed against the half-wall, with a single metal folding chair beside it.  The table clearly served the dual purpose of both a desk and an eating surface because there was a small stack of unopened mail resting on top.  There was a computer charging cord plugged into the wall, but the laptop it was supposed to be attached to was absent.  No matter.  He was hardly prepared to drug John tonight as it was.  Curious, Sherlock picked up the envelopes and studied the return addresses.
"Thanks, Martina.  We appreciate it," John replied with an easy wink, picking up both beverages while Sherlock was busy signing his receipt.  "So, where do you want to sit?" John asked, turning to face Sherlock.  Still holding both glasses, John spread his arms out to indicate the packed cafe.
"Yes," Sherlock huffed, still struggling with John's dratted buttons.  Since when did his hands become so shaky and uncooperative?  The top two buttons finally parted, revealing a mouth-watering sliver of tanned chest and sculpted muscles, but when he tried to begin working on the third one down, the slippery plastic disk kept slipping out of his fingers.
"Ms. Ross insists that she is innocent.  She is absolutely furious with the insinuations against her character and the potential damage to her professional reputation caused by the police investigation.  There is also the matter of an animal rights activist named Kitty Riley who got wind of the story and posted it on her blog.  The self-styled whistleblower somehow obtained photographs of the horse's injuries and leaked them on her website as evidence of the animal cruelty that rodeos perpetuate.  Ms. Ross is apparently considering legal action against Ms. Riley for libel and slander."
"I'm impressed, Detective Donovan," Sherlock said grudgingly.  "I'll admit, I wasn't expecting to encounter a law enforcement official quite so…competent out here."
"Oh, Billy, hi!" Molly stammered, tucking a strand of hair that had escaped from her braid back behind on ear.  "Oh, and you too, Doctor Watson.  Hello."
Sherlock's queasiness intensified as John reached over and gently brushed a curl away from his eyes: for some reason, the casual gesture felt far more intimate than John sucking his cock.  John had said he liked 'Billy' but would what might happen if John learned who 'Billy' really was?  Would he like
"Dashboarded?"
The touch of Stamford’s latex-covered hands on his bare feet refrained from being ticklish and it was easy to remain still as the raw places were deftly cleaned, medicated, and bandaged.  When he was finished, Stamford checked Sherlock’s pulse and temperature again.
"Sure you are.  Watch your step.  It’s a bit slick here," John warned him, unnecessarily pointing out the large puddle of water caused by a poorly-calibrated drinking fountain just ahead of them.
Sherlock stiffened, stung by John’s sarcastic rejection to his attempt at seduction.  It wasn’t as though he was suggesting that they immediately copulate on the nearest semi-horizontal surface!  He could feel his cheeks starting to burn, but it was from a combination of insult, hurt, and injured pride now, not arousal.  Sherlock clenched his jaw, biting back a cutting retort.  Insulting attempting to guilt-trip somebody for passing on sex was Not Good.  He’d been the target of such attempts often enough during Uni; he refused to lower himself to the level of the angry, drunken, randy idiots who’d propositioned him.
Sherlock nodded once, then gritted his teeth as he heard John turn on the faucet.  The spray struck his skin with icy droplets, raising gooseflesh and causing his nipples to pebble despite the stifling heat of the barn.  It was a relief when the flow ceased.  Tearing off several sheets of the kitchen roll, Sherlock began to scrub briskly, heedless of the redness the rough paper cloth left behind on his sensitive skin.  John, meanwhile, dealt with his soiled shirt, rinsing it thoroughly in the sink before wringing out as much of the water as he could.
John tasted of something faintly sweet and smoky—like the very finest of tobacco—and spicy, Sherlock noted hazily.  The tingling in his lips increased and Sherlock would almost swear that he could taste the residual burn of capsaicin from the peppers John had so cheerfully devoured earlier.  He could literally
when he became aware of his audience.  Startled, Sherlock looked up to see John standing in front of him, one hip cocked and an easy smile on his face.
"Perhaps," Mycroft agreed, "but a fast-acting, intramuscular injection of xylazine and Dormosedan is relatively benign as far as adverse reactions go and infinitely preferable to a bullet, which was the first inclination of the police when they realized they were dealing with a killer stallion."
"Dull."
"Fascinating.  So, do you play?" Sherlock asked, despite already knowing the answer.  While John's hands bore many calluses, the ones on his fingertips weren't the ones that a violinist earned from an instrument's strings.
"Ah...right.  That makes sense."  John blew out a breath.  Sherlock could almost imagine him rubbing the back of his neck and licking his lips.  "I...er...know you're busy, but do you think you might have time at some point to take a quick look?  I'd really appreciate it.  "
"Good job on spotting him though," Sherlock added grudgingly.  "Your ability to detect a threat is admirable."
With a grimace at her watch face, Molly walked faster towards her intended target, paying careful attention to where she placed her boots.  The complicated shadows on the ground made it difficult to spot the tripping hazards that dotted the cracked and fissured pavement, and the last thing she needed was a broken or twisted ankle.  A few moments later she was standing in front of her destination: a large, highly-polished black 4x4 diesel pickup in the far northwest corner of the lot.  It was a decent location, close enough to take advantage of the electrical and plumbing hookups, but far enough away to guarantee the inhabitants a bit of privacy.
"Naturally," Sherlock quipped, making sure to keep his steps slow enough that John would feel welcome to accompany him.  "I need to spend at least some time in some shade."
Sherlock preened.  John was staring at him as though Sherlock were Red Rum, or Desert Orchid, or Milton reincarnated, (not that he expected John to recognize some of Britain's most famous horses on sight, but it was the closest approximation he could think of).  The unconscious double-entendre was simply icing on the cake.  Deliberately Sherlock turned slightly to present a better angle and giving a purposeful shake of his arse to make the leather fringe swing.  "So...how do I look?"
Sherlock tilted his head, studying John's compassionate expression and the proudly-cared-for buckle on his belt.  The signs of an adrenaline-addicted hero complex in the vet's bearing were obvious; the blond man had come running at least thrice to render aid to a stranger in need, heedless of the injuries a wrathful or frightened equine could inflict.  But his touch when he'd examined Sherlock and the gelding from earlier had been gentle, indicative of a highly compassionate nature.
, Billy, and I still think you're smarter than me.  You start talking about something, and I can just see your brain going at warp speed.  Your voice changes a bit when you get distracted—it goes a bit British.  I can almost imagine you spending hours reading books like 'The Secret Garden' and pretending you're Dickon the animal charmer, or Albert and his war horse, Joey.  I've seen you working with Blaze—it's unbelievable, what you're able to do with him.  Nobody else could be that clever.  And then there's all these little tidbits you let slip about your family and your home.  It makes me incredibly curious, because you're a puzzle and a walking contradiction, and by
"That's no problem.  I can make dinner," Sherlock offered, ignoring the odd, slightly puzzled look John gave him in response to his announcement.  "I'd rather spend time with you away from prying eyes that might be inclined to gossip about you spending the night in my cabin," Sherlock added, his voice rich with implication.
"And if that wasn't bad enough, Romp 'n Stomp kept going, charging at the bullfighters, attacking the clown barrel, mowing over the guys on the ground,” John continued, his voice switching back to the detached tone.  “One of the pickup riders tried to intervene, but that's when Romp 'n Stomp turned around and gored his horse.  There...wasn't any way to save it; I had to euthanize it right there in front of the crowd."
"They almost certainly could be."  Eyewitness accounts were notably unreliable, but a witness's impressions could still offer valuable insight.  Especially if they were written down almost immediately before the human brain had time to re-write the story.  "I need a copy as soon as you can get me one.  Please," Sherlock added belatedly, recognizing the importance of adhering to social niceties.
“THANK YOU, ROSE!!!! THAT WAS TRULY LOVELY!”
"I see..." Sherlock said faintly, the analytical side of his mind supplying the many, many ways that John could be horrifically injured, even as his libido responded to the mental imagery of John's muscles flexing as he tackled an opponent that outweighed him by several hundred pounds and wrestled him to the ground in a blatant display of strength and skill…the way John's muscles would gleam with sweat from the exertion, how he might grunt, how he might use that raw strength to tackle
"Uh huh...and I'm the bloody Queen of England," the officer retorted, clearly not buying it.  "Hand me your license.  Slowly."
Sherlock blinked rapidly, taking in the play of John’s shoulders before he abruptly dragged his mind back to John’s polite query. “No,” he admitted with a grimace, turning to join John in leaning against the fence rail. “I’ve interviewed at least six stable hands, and none of them can recall seeing anything strange the night Johann Straker was killed.” He shifted until his shoulder was just brushing against John’s. “And you?”
"Er, no thank you," Sherlock declined, his nose wrinkling at the harsh odour of the spirits.  How the man could bear the stomach-churning combination of tobacco juice and rotgut whiskey was a question for the ages.
"Sure Billy," John chuckled, taking a sip of his bourbon.  "You go right on thinking that."
"English, Holmes," Donovan interrupted with a growl, taking another sip of her coffee.
"Permanent quarantine pens?"  Sherlock asked aloud, catching sight of their target.
"Because that means I get to have you all to myself," John answered, licking his lips and punctuating his comment with a lascivious eyebrow wiggle.
"Nice," John remarked, professional admiration colouring his tone.  "You're fast."
"You can shut up, now, John," Sherlock interrupted with a snarl.  Beads of sweat were rolling into his eyes and making them sting.  He reached up to rub them away.
—workingman competitions held at hacidenadas to showcase the ranch and riding skills of the local vaqueros.  As the cattle industry spread across the western position of the continent, European-American pioneers began hiring the Hispanic vaqueros to manage their herds, (the skills and equipment of the vaqueros being much better adapted to the local environment).  Many of the vaqueros’ horsemanship skills and equipment had been adopted by the Anglo, Black, cowboys and cowgirls that came afterwards.
"Yes?"
I saw those, you dick.  You insulting a client.  You letting Sterndale talk down to you like you're some sort of idiot, rather than a fucking brilliant genius.  Why didn't you say anything to correct him?"
Sherlock pushed himself upright and shoved his hands into his pockets with a smile. "Very well.  Lead on.”
"I still need access to a forensics lab," Sherlock reminded Donovan.  "I still have tests I want to run on the samples I collected from the fairground stall and I've reached the limits of what I'm able to test for using the equipment at the Triple C."
"And why am I even arguing with a dog?" Sherlock scolded himself as he bent down to comply.  "It's not as if you can even comprehend English, let alone answer me.  At least Billy the Skull doesn't demand belly rubs in exchange for listening to me speak."  Sherlock gave Bonnie a final, vigorous scratch before straightening up, trying not to groan at the ache in his knees and back.  He had several more hours of work to get done before John arrived.
He lay there, feeling shaky and shocked, blinking up at the ceiling like a moron while John tied off the condom and disposed of it in the bedside bin.  It felt like an entire evening's worth of Guy Fawkes fireworks had just detonated in his head.  How was he supposed to concentrate on anything in this fugue of lust?  How did ordinary people deal with this?
John pursed his lips before a moment, his eyes flashing with a combination of anger and fear. "I’m warning you, Billy," he growled, holding up a single finger and shaking it for emphasis.  "You need to shut up, and stay shut up."
"Green," Sherlock replied succinctly, shoving his bag into a corner.
"Yes.  There was no way I was going to risk exposing her to the harsh Texas elements or risk her safety amongst the clumsy, light-fingered idiots in airports or elsewhere," Sherlock explained.
his urgency?  He scowled.  "I’m running out of time!  I have two different horses who have clearly been exposed to some sort of external agent and both run the risk of being euthanized if I can’t solve the case!  The Work comes first!"
"Brenda?  You said her name was?  Did she die?"
pra…protection on me and I won’t risk—”
"That's good," John muttered, more to himself than Sherlock as he exchanged the charcoal for several bottles of sterile saline solution.  "Next question.  Is he run—"
"Bit not good, snooping through a person's things," John said mildly as he reclaimed the violin.
of a rider…I'd love to see you in action," Baz murmured to Sherlock, the warmth of his breath tickling Sherlock's ear as he leaned in.  "How 'bout showing me later tonight when I'm free?"
"What about lemon?" John asked, reaching for the fridge.  "Or ice?"
, Sherlock thought begrudgingly as he watched two laughing women walk by, their mouths liberally smeared with strawberry sauce, ice cream and hundreds-and-thousands topping the fried...somethings they were sharing from the paper bowl one woman held.  Even the most sugar-frosted, saturated-fat-stuffed-item on offer would be less off-putting than Natto, Balut, or—God forbid—Casu Marzu.  Still, foodstuffs interfered with his brainwork.  "I'm feeling a bit parched," Sherlock announced.  "How does a cold cherry lime ditch sound?"  He wasn't thirsty, not really, but the lie might buy him a few minutes of respite from Molly's cheerful prattle.  Plus a sudden infusion of glucose might counteract the residual sluggishness from the lunch he'd been forced to consume.
Sherlock bit back an automatic retort about time and distance being relative, not synonymous.  Instead, he sent Molly a genial smile over his shoulder.  "Oh!  I just never heard it phrased that way.  As for stopping, no.  I'd rather get to the ranch as quickly as possible."  Sherlock looped the bungee through his suitcase handle and attached it to one of the pickup truck's tie down points.  Hopefully it would be sufficient to keep his bag from sliding around the bed as they drove.  He didn't relish the thought of having to replace the highly specialized chemicals or more-obscure pieces of labware he'd packed in with his socks and pants.
"It's more likely that he's using this as a place to showcase some of the animals he has available to potential buyers and make a quick buck at the same time," John corrected him with a huff.  He folded his arms and glared across the space at the other vet.  "Fuckin' dick," he growled.  "I can't think of any other reason that bastard to be here."
Physical trauma was not unusual among riders.  Lumbar-spine injuries could occur through a combination of unstable core muscles and poor posture.  Concussions from falls were common, and it was rare to find a professional jockey who hadn’t fractured a limb or clavicle, but those were relatively straightforward injuries to resolve if treated properly and given a chance to heal.  It also wasn’t uncommon to guard against re-injury through the use of specialized supports or braces, as polo players and competitive jumpers often did.
Sherlock threw his hands up in frustration before grabbing his hair and tugging on it.  "I’ve told you before, John, I don’t bother remembering useless information if it doesn’t have any impact on the Work!"  A noise that sounded suspiciously like a suppressed choke had Sherlock whipping his head around to glare suspiciously at the doctor sitting across from him.  "What?"
"Sorry.  I'm sorry," Sherlock stammered, his embarrassment only half-feigned as he reluctantly surrendered the instrument to John.  "You said for me to make myself at home.  I was trying to find a movie we could watch together…and when I saw the familiar shape of the case, I couldn't resist."  It was only after he'd uttered the excuse that Sherlock belatedly realized that John didn't even have a DVD player attached to his telly.  Fortunately, John didn't seem to notice the slip.
"Right...I guess I'll catch you later."  With a last smile, Molly scurried off, leaving Sherlock alone.
sent me
of money for their owners."
John stepped forward and reached up a hand to cradle the back of Sherlock's neck as he gently guided him down to press a kiss against Sherlock's lips.  "It's just that you're fucking gorgeous and all, and I'm damn proud that you're my date," John whispered, his hot breath against the sensitive skin of Sherlock's ear making the taller man shiver.  "But I'd still prefer not to go walking around in public with a hard-on," John concluded pulling back to gesture at his crotch.
"Sure thing.  You want bacon or smoky maple tempeh on it?"
"..."
Sherlock's lips thinned.  He'd already seen the blurry photocopies of the newspaper clippings reporting Melba Toastya's death and the discovery of William D. Shire's submerged car in the Shallows of the Durban Bay.  The obituary of the deceased groom, however, was new.  He plucked it free of the file to read it.
Devil's Blaze snorted unhappily, his nostrils flaring as he pushed himself even further against the metal wall of the pen, never removing his eyes from Sherlock.  From his perch above, Sherlock could see the whites of the stallion's eyes and the patchy sweat dotting his copper-coloured coat.  The stallion's tail was clamped down tight between his buttocks and his ears were cocked sharply forward and angled towards Sherlock.  Everything about the stallion's body language indicated his fear, but he wasn't running yet, which was a good sign.
Sherlock shook his head, even as he ruthlessly commandeered an empty table before a family of four could claim it.
"And you were able to hear them through the walls?"
"Nice one, Scott," Cole Johnson commented, his admiration plain.
His conformation was excellent.
In light of the financial data he'd reviewed and Candii Ross's comments, he'd have to investigate the vets—all of them—more thoroughly.  Just because the Triple C wouldn't benefit from the death of Devil's Blaze, didn't mean that somebody else wouldn't.
Competitors and rodeo employees alike were balanced on the bars making up the chutes, making it difficult to see the horses.  The first rider was already astride their mount, leaning back to test the length of their bronc rein.  The next two riders were in the process of saddling up their own broncs.
"Yes you.  You're not nearly as cold or as harsh as you like to pretend you are," Irene had announced, letting her riding crop trail over Sherlock's cheekbones before rapping him lightly in the chest with the tip.  "Make no mistake, you're a selfish, miserable bastard with an ego worthy of a Siamese cat...but you love horses.  You care about them.  You care about them so...much," Irene had commented as she walked around him in a circle, the click of her riding boots' heels against the barn's slate tiles punctuating her remarks.  "Of the two of us,
"Did you take it?"
"What sorts of results are you focusing on?" Donovan asked, jotting down Doctor Früh's answers in some convoluted form of personal shorthand.
"Cocks Rock! Feel the Explosion?" Sherlock asked skeptically, reading the logo aloud.  One eyebrow arched up as he looked from the condom, to John, and back again.  "Really, John?  Flavoured condoms?"
"I first explained to her that she was overfeeding her horse by feeding him alfalfa and sweet feed instead of oats and grass and that he needed more exercise than an hour of turnout once a day."
"Winkles Old Peculiar."
Molly had nodded.  "I do, actually.  I ran into Doctor Watson doing a checkup on Captain Lestrade's police horse, Scotty.  He was the one who actually suggested that I check for Joe in the Bill Cody building."
Brenda gave her father an apprehensive look and hunched her shoulders inward.  "It's a group blog on Tumblr for just...anything horses.  Some girls are barrel racers like me.  Some do dressage.  We swap recipes...training tips...videos, pictures and other stuff."
"Hmm?  Oh.  Thanks," John mumbled, rousing slightly and accepting the proffered beverage with a sleepy smile.
Sherlock spent a moment of grudging admiration for the planning and foresight that had obviously gone into it.
"I warned you," John giggled, trying—and failing—to suppress his amusement.  "Here," John said, nudging the plate of chips closer.  "Eat a fry," he ordered.  "The starch will help counteract the burn.  And then take a sip of that," John continued, passing his beer back over without asking.  "It's nice and cold."
"Oh my god, that is fucking—"
Sherlock allowed his lower lip to protrude slightly in the beginning of a pout.  John had promised to keep in touch, but all his phone had received were a miserly fifty-six text messages.  Some were interesting, (such as the photo John had texted him showing a close-up of an early-stage penile squamous cell carcinoma that John had diagnosed out of hand).  Others were inane complaints about the weather and the stupidity of some humans, but the worst ones were the flirty ones.  Most of them were disgustingly puerile attempts to let ‘Billy’ know that John was thinking about him, ("I can’t sleep because I can’t stop daydreaming about you" and "you’ve already been on my mind today and I just woke up"), but Sherlock couldn’t deny the thrill of excitement he experienced every time his phone chimed with John’s text alert, nor the twist of guilt that followed every time he sent a flirtatious text in return.  John’s last message had been a promise to call once he got back in town so they could have dinner together, which Sherlock recognized as a probable euphemism for sex.
