Steve rubbed soothing circles against Tony’s hip bone, and forced himself to stay still while Tony gathered his control back up. After a long moment, Tony lifted himself up and let himself drop back down, his punched out moan mingling with Steve’s own thready whine as Tony’s thumb brushed against his nipple.
The surviving Carbonells never regained their status, but neither did their craft falter, passed on from generation to generation in secret and shadow, because all knowledge was worth having.
Steve repeated the motion, and Tony sighed as headline after headline appeared, all showing that damnable kiss, though some kept it front and center while others had gotten creative and dug out old photos of him and Ty to adorn the front cover.
Clint shrugs at the scene and strolls forward to pour himself a cup of coffee--and it had better be an actual coffee cup because he’ll strangle him if he pulls that drinking straight from the coffee pot shit again--and suddenly Steve leans over from his vantage atop the fridge so that he’s looking Clint dead in the face, square pupils wide in those pure blue eyes.
As if Tony doesn’t know that he’s practically worshipped the ground Tony struts across since they pulled him out the ice.
These louts regularly batter Thor about with ease. They have super strength, super speed, and suspect morals.
He doesn’t remember drinking any of the other seven shots. But he remembers the pouring. The seven empty shot glasses speak to that much. The warm burn in his chest, the aged sugar on his tongue, and the mellow burn of a rum left to gain its footing.
Steve kissed him firmly, breath escaping in a hiss as Tony palmed at his erection. Yeah, he wasn’t going to be able to hold off that long. “Here, Tony. Now.”
was doing, but the words clogged up in his throat and he was just so damn tired, and just being able to stand there while Tony took care of him was an exercise in bliss.
Steve drew in a ragged breath, then tried to turn around. Apparently realizing his intent, Tony pulled out of him with an apologetic stroke over his sorely abused hole and helped him steady himself on his feet. Finally face to face with Tony, Steve gripped him by the black silk tie and yanked him forward into a kiss, chaste at first but growing more and more fevered as Steve licked his way into Tony’s mouth, nibbling at the man’s lips and relentlessly trying to pull the air directly out of his body.
Steve’s heavy bulk slams into him, tackling him to the ground, and they roll, Tony kicking and yelling and punching, and for all he knows how to throw a punch and has formal martial arts training under his belt, he’s not a match for Steve, who’s stronger and heavier and a
His thoughts were so muddled now that he was capable of only identifying abstractions. He was hot, so hot, and his uniform shirt was a torment, too heavy and snug on his body, and the harsh rub of the fabric against his sensitized flesh was driving him crazy. The cool night breeze, rich with crisp traces of pine, chilled the sweat on his exposed lower back and was a welcome relief as he rocked with the force of Tony’s thrusts.
Tony disappeared into the bedroom while Steve soaked in the rich mineral bath, and he must have nodded off, because Tony was calling his name and gently running his hand through his hair, positioned just out of reach. Steve had asked once why Tony just didn’t shake him awake, and learned that it was in case Steve woke up startled and reacted badly. It hadn’t happened between them yet, but Tony had managed to provoke the same reaction from his best friend Jim Rhodes unawares after he returned from his first tour of duty in Desert Storm and those were the kind of lessons that stayed with you. Steve was grateful for the courtesy, honestly.
Steve let out an outraged noise as Tony stepped away from the bed, but most of it was muffled by the cloth gag Tony had tied across his mouth. He pulled first at one leather cuff then the other, but the elastic cording tethering each cuff to the bedposts was incredibly durable, stretching and straining with his struggles, but never snapping. Steve let out a startled yelp before he could try to wrest himself free as the vibrator Tony had worked inside of him began to buzz, pulsating directly against his prostate.
Tony laughed, a smug and sinister thing, and heaped obscene praise on his shoulders, telling Steve how he loved how beautifully wrecked he sounded, how the moonlight looked on his sweat dampened skin, how fucking tight he was, how hot it was that Steve was letting him do this, how great it felt, how Steve
Steve meets him thrust for thrust, and Tony is screaming, can feel his throat burning raw with it, with his sobs as he loses more and more of himself with every piston of his hips.
It’s Carol who suggests that Steve needs to be bathed when they get back to the mansion, and that’s fair. Goats aren’t the sweetest smelling animals in the first place, and between the exposure to the outdoors and the dirt and grime accumulated from the park excursion, Steve has gotten pretty damn ripe. Tony tries to sneak out of it, but the task falls to him and Clint, who is going to damn well earn his keep because that carnie background has to account for
It takes a few moments to situate themselves again after the tiny squabble they have over the condom, but Tony accepts defeat gracefully, helped in part by the way Steve shucks the blasted thing across the room and claims his mouth, hot and wet and demanding. All Avengers have strict medical testing done on a regular basis, and Tony stays strictly on top of his sexual health, anyway, and once he has the serum back he wouldn't have anything to worry about
Natasha turned to face him fully, and Steve had an uncomfortable moment where she seemed to shred through every last layer of his psyche with a pointed stare.
Metallic red caps adorn Steve’s horns starting about halfway down, and a second entirely metallic, red set protrudes from the gleaming white helmet that now covers his face, a few inches lower than the first set of horns, and curving downward. Smooth white plating with golden accents covers all of his torso and legs, and, when combined with the blue Kevlar barding and red armor over his hooves, Steve looks like a goat version of Captain America.
Steve winced internally as Tony’s expression flickered before he threw up a mask that Steve had started to privately refer to as the “press face”--cool, in control, and utterly devoid of any deep emotion.
Wow. That sounded even more lame out-loud than it had when it was a hastily generated excuse in his head.
a car like this one before, all sleek curves and sharp edges and blatant power. He’d been secretly impressed with the way the car zipped along the sinuous beauty that was Mulholland, taking each turn tight and precise and graceful, arrogant in the execution and deservedly so. Stark hadn’t dipped below 70, often stayed above 90, uncaring and unafraid because he had gentled this magnificent beast of a car to his touch, and that assurance bled through everything.
“Indeed.” Thor’s eyes twinkle mischievously. “A most worthy bond, and I can only begin to guess what other blessings await you. Love is powerful, and those caught under its auspice often inherit many gifts. Mayhap more lies in store for you as the conduit of the Blue Ādaraya."
Steve wanted faster? Tony allowed it, but gentled his grip and so that he didn’t chafe or irritate himself. Steve’s rhythm faltered and he slowed down letting himself indulge in the long slide back and forth? Tony worked in more lube and ran his free hand over Steve’s body, seeking out the myriad spots that sent pleasure jolting through him, always a different sensation, always a new area, a new rhythm, letting him wallow in the sublime chaos.
Tony reluctantly acquiesces to his demand, looking straight into his eyes. Steve drops his hand slowly, rather missing the sensation of Tony’s soft lips on his fingers.
A throbbing, pulsing warmth goes through him as Tony eases up on his thighs enough that he can thrust up a little, a little more, and Steve lets himself sink down into the mound of pillows at his back, both of his hands now gripping massive handfuls of Tony’s sheets as he moans brokenly and begins to thrust upwards, fucking Tony’s mouth with abandon.
“You make too much noise for you to be worried about cops,” Steve teased as he began to speed up his hand, chasing the rising sparks of pleasure and pooling warmth, growing impossibly harder when Tony made a frantic noise and his breath began to stutter. They were nearing a peak, and Steve’s balls began to draw up and tighten and oh, that was so much better, felt so wonderful, and God, this was going to be spectacular and
Still, Steve had been edgy about Ty ever since, no matter that Ty had just been playing around and taken things too far, or that Tony wasn’t interested.
they had told Steve as much, and Steve had apparently drunk the Kool-Aid, because he seemed to see Ty as a threat to everything--to their relationship, to their friends, to Tony
“What the--” Tony starts to lift his hand away, but Steve latches on to his arm with startling speed.
Tony preps him slowly and thoroughly, easing him open in gentle increments, pressing kisses across his body and whispering the three sweetest words Steve’s ever heard again and again, yielding to Steve’s continual demands for them. Everytime, everytime Tony says he loves him there’s a flash of brilliant warmth that slams into him and sends him spiraling further and further into a blissful haze. It’s an addicting sensation, and as he moans and gasps and pleads under the mercy of Tony’s skillful fingers, his only wish is that he could somehow do the same for Tony. He’s said it and will keep on saying it as often he thinks Tony needs to hear it, as often as Tony
“Clear quartz for awareness of higher self, selenite for clarity of the mind and concentration, and sodalite for self-truth, bridging the gap between the higher mind and physical level. The shield is vibranium, and as it was present for the casting, it should also be present for the unwinding.”
There’s that overwhelming pulse of feeling down the bond as Tony obliges him, and the thought hits Steve on the tail end of it. Bridges go both ways, though, don’t they? He’s an
Maria Stark had been tough—had to be, to deal with Howard—but she’d also been patient and tender, and had always known just how to soothe Tony in his more volatile moments. It’s not been lessened by death. She calmly lifts her arms, the flowing cape sleeves of her white lace and satin burial gown shielding Tony from the rest of the world as he throws himself against her, burrowing his head into her stomach.
“Steve, I can’t believe I’m the responsible one here--” Tony shuddered and rocked against his body when Steve twisted his hand
It’s a free-for-all now, and Tony makes his way to the huddle of police, unable to do much without his armor. Thor is battering Wrecker and Piledriver with his hammer while Steve butts at their legs and backs, keeping them off-balance and vulnerable to the demigod’s attack. Wanda, Jan, and Vision have Thunderball well in hand, and Clint and his trick arrows keep Bulldozer from rallying effectively against Carol’s continued pummeling.
Later, Steve would allow himself to be a bit disgruntled at the ease in which she glided through expressions and non-verbal cues, but for now, he’d take the out.
this man...Steve’s mouth dropped open, his warm breath fogging up the cool glass of Tony’s windshield where his head rested as he panted for air, unable to entirely catch his breath between thrusts. It was almost overwhelming, the delicious burning ache of Tony’s dick inside him, the sensation threatening to utterly consume him at any moment.
Steve wasn’t sure what he had been expecting when Nat had told him where he was supposed to be meeting his mystery date, but it certainly wasn’t having his face rubbed in how much his old stomping grounds had changed.
Tony watched him greedily, licking his lips as Steve continued to buck and moan and whimper as relentless vibrations pulsed through him.
“Look Steve, it’s been a long and confusing week, and I’m sure projecting my emotions at you hasn’t helped the situation any. I...I didn’t mean to influence you like this, and I would be
“Fuck me, you’re a menace!” Tony gasped out, his impassioned voice just shy of too-loud in the hush of the alleyway.
“It’s Officer Grant to you, Mr. Stark, and I’d appreciate some proper respect and decorum out of you.”
Steve groaned as the vibrations slowed down to something a bit more manageable, overwrought and drained and apprehensive as a curl of demanding need wound through him, his body beginning to yearn for more.
In the end, the board hadn’t wanted to pursue expansion into an active subsidiary; why compete with the likes of Medtronic, Boston Scientific, or Brainlab when they had all but cornered their share of the advanced tech and defense markets? It might have been a good move back when Howard was still living, but Howard had focused more on intellicrops than pharmaceuticals, and at its heart, Stark Industries was a weapons company. They dealt in tech
When he’s actually able to bear tracing things back to the very beginning, it boils down to the two things that have consistently made a ruin of his life: Hydra and Obadiah Stane.
Tony made a disgusted noise and wiggled his foot out, freeing himself entirely. “Oh, fuck me, that’s gross.”
“Good. I love watching you, you know. You didn’t even notice the mirror, but I did, Tony. I put you right in front of it. God, you’re so fucking gorgeous when you’re close-- and I can tell you are Tony, look how desperate you are for me.”
belongings in the first place, and Natalie had already indicated she was after a few items of her own--in particular, access to Stane’s vault. Steve wasn’t sure how he felt about living next door to a glorified cat burglar-slash-grifter, and he had suspicions “Natalie” was an alias, but he’d had worse neighbors, and at the end of the day, she
“Would you rather risk losing Steve’s mind entirely to the goat form he’s been cursed with? You yourself said that it takes longer and longer for Steve to come back to himself, and we’ve heard nothing from Strange. At this rate, we directly risk Steve simply not coming back to himself. Can you abide that on your conscience? I can’t.”
Steve looks back up just in time to see Strange’s expression smooth over, but can’t find it in himself to care. He’s got Tony, and the whole word can know, as far as he’s concerned.
He’d finally pushed past the limits of Steve’s patience, though, and the world (well, the rest of the team anyway, which had been bad enough) was gifted with the sight of Captain America hauling off and yanking one of his spare combat belts out of a storage compartment so that he could wrap it around the neck of Tony’s armor. Tony had been shocked immobile, utterly stunned as Steve fucking pulled rank as his Dom
and it’s all so wrong because this only ends in him dead or unmade or both—and he isn't sure which is worse—isn't sure if he’s losing his goddamn mind, isn’t sure if he even truly cares at the end of the day because it’s
He’s so very hungry and so very tired, and he’s trapped, worse than he ever was in Afghanistan. Afghanistan was desert heat and freezing nights in a cave, but there was Yinsen to keep him company, keep him sane, keep him focused, and the monsters were known and omnipresent. There was laughter and jeering and the thrum of life, always some sort of noise and the crackle of the fire and the hiss of the forge.
Steve winced as the sensation of the vibration turned sharp, almost too intense in the aftermath. Tony was apparently going to turn this into an ordeal, and--
“Oh hell yeah, babe, just like that Brooklyn.” Tony’s voice grew rough as Steve’s hand clamped over his and sped up. It wasn’t a good idea normally--this was the point that things went wrong, when he sped past his own tolerances or got tripped up on his own hangups, but this time, this time Tony was perfectly attuned to him, it seemed, not quite working
, and Steve swore that he was going to thank him, going to find a way to make it up to him, maybe after dinner...whenever that was...Steve mumbled appreciatively as Tony pressed a soft kiss to his forehead, and let himself slip away off into sleep.
Steve’s fingers dug into the hood as Tony continued to soothe him, leaning flush against his back and pressing a kiss to his shoulder bone. “It’s alright, Steve, just relax around me, let me all the way in and I promise I’ll make it so good for you.”
Steve yanked furiously at his restraints. They were strong enough to handle his enhanced capabilities, but Steve hadn’t
to make him watch, loved to put on a show. He would stretch his legs wider, until he was able to get lube on his finger, always started with his pointer finger, tracing his hole with lube until it glistened, then coated his finger again and slowly worked it in, always with the same pattern. Up, up, down, down, left, right, left right, then he would pump his finger in and out. It meant something, Steve knew it did, there was this gleam of wicked amusement in Tony’s eyes everytime he prepped himself, the same gleam Tony got whenever he hurled a pop-culture reference at Steve that went right over his head. Tony would repeat it until he had either three or four fingers inside him--usually four because Steve was so much larger than him--and then he would continue to stroke himself with one hand as he worked the other inside of him..but with the plug?
Tony continued to thrust forcefully into him, but now each lengthy slide was accompanied by a sharp slap to his ass and Steve hadn’t been spanked since he was child and this was humiliatingly close to it and nothing at all like it as Tony’s calloused palm rubbed over the stinging handprint and soothed the ache into something warm and darkly sublime. Steve both dreaded and loved it. There was another slap, another caress, another, another, and Steve bucked back against Tony, determined to finish it because he couldn’t take it, he couldn’t, he
, but succeeded only in producing a sex-hazed mumble, barely staying afloat in his own mind. He was too dizzy and lightheaded to form a coherent thought, much less dabble in
There is an inferno raging in his veins now, too hot to bear, far past tolerance, but every burst of pleasure pushes it away, and it’s a race against ecstasy and hell, and he’s coming and he’s shattering apart and—
Steve manages not to jump, but only just barely, and he shoots a glare at the figure on the opposite side of the portal that has opened up in the middle of the room. “Strange.”
Thor has given up shouting at Amora, his outraged invectives near-drowned by her raucous laughter, and no one really misses her when she disappears. Steve brings his attention back to the cluster of people around him. No, none of them much care about Thor and Amora at the moment. They’re all distracted, too busy staring at him, except for Tony, who isn’t staring at much of anything and instead has his face buried in his gauntlets.
inches. Steve had encountered a few more risque articles about Tony, and while it was one thing to have gossip mags reporting that Tony was well-endowed, it was something entirely different to have his hands on it.
Steve tried to gauge a new angle, but Natasha shifted with his line of sight, obviously intent on screwing up his throw.
When Steve finally pulled away, Tony was light-headed and shaky on his feet. Left momentarily unsure of what he was supposed to do, Tony gaped at Steve, who smirked and gave him another quick kiss.
Which meant that Steve couldn’t move at all now without either causing a disaster or ripping his pants apart, and there was no way he was near strong enough to do that. The poor sucker was entirely at Tony’s mercy, and that was just how he wanted it.
Steve’s fingers trail over his hair, brush down his cheek, and then curled lightly around his throat, his voice gentle and poisonous as he takes advantage of the tangle of tension and fixation and emotion between them and uses it to far more debilitating effect than even the anathema could be capable of.
Tony shrugged, ran a hand down the suit jacket that he had folded over his arms a block earlier. “Well, Nat made me agree to go out with a mystery artist before she showed me your picture. Wasn’t sure what I was walking into, so I, uh, I thought you might be more in your comfort zone closer to your home turf?”
Tony seems to take him muffling his voice as a personal challenge, because he pulls out all the stops now, humming and licking and sucking and stroking. Tony actually kisses all the way down his erection until he reaches his balls, then he gently licks one, then the other, presses his tongue into the patch of skin just behind them, and Steve gives up covering his mouth and bites his hand. HIs legs jackknife, his feet slipping and sliding over the black satin sheets as Tony wages his war, driving him further and further towards what is going to be an incredible orgasm, he has no doubt.
Thus Maria, who brewed toxin, coaxed venom from snakes and spiders, and let death bloom in the fertile grounds of her garden. He spent his daylight hours mastering his father’s science, his evenings at his mother’s side learning the darker, quieter cruelties of his ancestral craft, and in the blending of the two discovered how to forge horrors.
--and then the stupid bastard had left the tape in the room while they went out to go get dinner. It had been long gone by the time they’d thought to search for it.
Hydra had Howard assassinated so they could steal the serum he’d finally managed to recreate—that morsel of knowledge gleaned from the notes he’d recovered from his SHIELD hack.
Tony doesn’t think it’s them—doesn’t think this monster in Steve’s skin would go so far—but how is he to know for certain? Tony has no basis for comparison, no benchmarks—this is Steve, but not, and turned into something new.
JARVIS saved him. He remembers dashing for the elevator while a suit held Steve at bay. Steve no doubt ran down the stairs (rightfully suspecting JARVIS would simply trap him in an elevator) to cut him off in the foyer of the tower, and his faithful AI rocketed him to the penthouse and promptly removed all access—no...JARVIS is gone...
He yells when Steve bites down over his left areola, his hips snapping up to rub his cock against Steve’s ass, unable to do anything else but let himself be flayed apart by the sensation as Steve drinks. It hurts, a sharp ache in his pec that burns around the insertion points Steve’s fangs, but behind that ache is the ebb and flow of warm pleasure as Steve draws more and more of his blood out, and a dizzying sort of haze that settles over him as venom replaces it.
“Steve!” Tony drops down into a nearby bench and grins as Steve rests his head on his leg. “I thought you were gone, Winghead! You’ve been pretty damn goat-y all morning.”
Steve opened his mouth to set the record straight on that--he was coming on Tony’s cock or down his throat--but ended up throwing back his head and damn near
Tony howls in pain and shoves against Steve’s chest, once, twice, then his fingers bunch into the fabric of Steve’s suit as he sucks and a bolt of pure ecstasy sizzles down his neck, blows through his veins his, muscles, his spine, pools low in his cock until its grown rock-hard and heavy in his pants, a rigid bulge that’s pressing against his fly.
Steve snapped back into him then, a rough, low grunt punctuating his thrust, and Tony moaned loudly, still too far out into the midst of the storm rising within him to modulate his voice, and Steve’s hand slapped back over his mouth because even the tie was starting to not be enough as he continued to whisper every lewd intent and carnal wish into his ear, knowing that Tony’s over-active mind would bring each one to life with exceptional clarity and only add fuel to the fire.
“You should really tell Steve how you feel, Tony. Everyone can see it already, just like we can all see that Steve--”
His hair--once an artful tousle that had cost him quite the pretty penny--was just a mess now, sticking up in wild directions and obviously sex-wrecked.
The comm crackled to life in his ear, Clint’s wry voice mostly distorted by the wind whipping around him.
It’s the silver and iron he’s after. Those are the metals to put a permanent end to a problem, and the four electric foundries on the left side of his anvil are put to work, melting down two bars of each.
“No way! I’ll be confronting Doom directly, Steve! I’m better protected, but you don’t have that going for you. I’ll be drawing fire from all corners, and you can’t be separated from me, and I’m not endangering you like that!”
Tony slouched down lower into the black leather bucket seat and grinned as he felt the car approach the threshold for the next gear. Jesus, it was
"It used to be a borderline slum in some areas, full of poor working class stiffs, artists and writers, and misfits. They turned the St. George into student housing, and all the bar, clubs, and private rooms are gone or turned into pretentious storefronts. God only knows where all the housing went."
It was a longshot, but the glimmer of hope remained within his mind, a frail desperate thing, really. How was he supposed to choose between Bucky and Tony? Steve closed his eyes, resting his head against Tony’s arc reactor.
The smaller the caliber, the neater the entrance and sharper the burn, like a hot needle being rammed into his wound, while the larger caliber bullets were just an unbearably intense throbbing, like the time he ignored his ma’s warning and grabbed a red-hot skillet. Buckshot just punched deep into his skin, producing a suffusive ache across the wound,
Natasha shrugged. “My whole career is predicated on getting answers to questions people would rather not answer. It’s no shame in being bi.”
“Here, let me help you out, Steve.” Stark turned around and braced himself against the side of his car, posing to show off his admittedly nice rear as he spread his legs. It was indecent, and the man was a menace.
Tony, Steve had discovered, loved to play in his hair. Whenever Tony happened upon him, it was almost inevitable that those restless fingers would find their way into his hair, tousling and stroking it absently. It was nice enough, but Steve preferred the moments when he would lean into the touch and press his scalp against Tony’s hand. Tony would instantly switch to massaging his scalp, and the soft pressure and gentle scritching of Tony’s blunt nails was soothing enough that he could actually forget about his general discomfort for a few minutes. It was never enough to entirely dull the tension and aches that nipped at his heels, but he
where Namor was--and all he had left was the skin on his back, a slew of fancy medals, and a hefty pension.
He strikes in a blur, wrenching Tony’s head to the side so hard it almost cracks and sinks his teeth into Tony’s throat.
It’s another mission in another winter-ridden European forest looking for Loki and any sign of the Tesseract he ran off with, and the only thing that separates it from the eleven other missions they’ve run since the Chitauri invasion is that the Hydra agents fighting them have
I couldn’t feel or hear Steve at all in there!” Tony bangs his coffee mug down on the table, ire immediately rising as his
“I thought we agreed that your magic was too random to risk being mingled with whatever I have going on?”
“Would you like me to do that, Steve? I was going to fuck you, but you’re enjoying this so much--oh, that was a pretty sound, do it again--you’re enjoying this so much I wouldn’t want to deprive you. I could get back inside the car, let you watch me get myself off while you grind off on my S7.”
Steve lets Tony close the door behind them, then plants his feet, using his leverage to pull Tony back toward him. The thing is, he keeps forgetting that he’s back to a beanpole and is missing a great deal of the bulk he’s grown accustomed to, so instead of tugging Tony into his arms and holding him, Tony smacks into him, Steve goes off balance, and Tony overcompensates trying to right him and they end up in a tangle of flailing limbs. They’re too far away from the bed or the nearby armchair, but Tony’s floor is carpeted, and the man has just enough presence of mind to ensure that they land with him on the bottom.
“I mean, that’s fair, though? Obie steals everything, the bastard. He stole my company, stole my designs, and stole most of my inheritance. I’m not surprised he stole your whatever and is auctioning it off.”
This isn’t Steve anymore, isn’t the friend and comrade who he’d loved and lost before he’d even had a chance. This is a killer—someone is
Tony had been so careful--still was, in some ways--and for all Tony loved his carnal indulgences, he’d been very solicitous. Tony also wasn’t stupid. The serum might have been Erskine’s masterwork, but Howard had originally helped with the technical aspects before later replicating it himself decades later. For all Tony claimed to have begged for scraps of Howard’s affection, he had made it clear that his father never once denied his son any iota of knowledge. Tony, he suspected, knew exactly what Steve was going through, but he hadn’t yet worked his way to laying it out in the open.
Maria frowns at him, cupping his cheek. The touch is faint but so very cold, and goosebumps prickle his skin. “You’ve been bitten, honey.”
lovely fact registering in his expression, either. “Got it in one. You’ll be putting work in on this one, Tony. You’re going to cater to my every need, just the same way you catered to yours at that dinner and started all this mess. You’re going to fuck me again, and again, and then maybe--
Steve heaved a lofty sigh, and handed Natasha his binoculars. “Two guards in multicam, 8 o’clock, 13 feet. Semi-automatic rifles, guessing AR-556.”
Steve’s feet made up his mind for him, because before he even really registered it, Steve was standing directly in Tony’s personal space, his hands resting on the man’s hips.
gotten such attention before, and it was very flattering in a way. Especially because this was Tony Stark, and while he was a playboy, Stark was also incredibly selective if gossip could be trusted. Still, he was technically on duty, and no matter how sexy the guy might or might not be, there was no way he was going to let the speeding slide.
about it--Tony was so tolerant, never pressuring Steve for more despite obviously wanting it, and some days Steve suspected it wasn’t so much as tolerance as determination to take whatever bit of Steve he could get his hands on and not rock the boat for fear of losing the little he had. It wasn’t fair to either of them, but Steve was equally unwilling to lose Tony, so they skirted around the elephant in the bedroom as much as best they could, and Tony settled and Steve...endured.
Delight sparkled in Natasha’s eyes. "Oh-hoh, what's this now? A mysterious lover from your tender youth? Was he your first?”
Tony grinned as he glanced back over and took in Steve’s situation, watching the way Steve shuddered and rocked as the intensity of the vibrations dropped down to an almost gentle hum. Steve sagged into the tangle of sheets and pillows, letting out a blissful sigh as warm pleasure rushed along his nerves.
“Steve here had my back.” Steve saunters over proudly and lets out a happy noise when Tony gives him an affectionate pat.
, but it’s flashes of 1941 all over again in his mind, flashes of being bullied and discounted and written off, like all he has to offer the world came on the heels of Erskine’s formula.
Steve sees the question in his eyes and pats his cheek patronizingly. “You’re always so meticulous, Tony. Searching for just the right lube, eating me out until I’m open enough for your sensibilities, stretching me open like you’re trying to get your fist in me. It’s adorable, but I thought that this time, I’d do us both a favor and prep myself.
Steve hissed and braced his hands on either side of the Saleen, then shifted, trying to spread his legs wider. The cloth around his legs pulled tight, and Steve swore under his breath when it became apparent that he was entirely unable to move his legs more than a foot apart. He was trapped in his own damn clothes. Tony caught on almost immediately and let out a darkly amused huff of laughter.
beautiful abyssal pools of midnight blue as he leans in with a quiet purr. “God, but you wear misery so well.”
It had taken a minor miracle to get Steve back to the mansion in the first place so they could all return home, and along the way, Steve had eaten a cardboard box belonging to a grifter that Tony had given a hundred bucks to in recompense, a copy of the Bugle that had been blowing down Fifth Avenue, and then almost an entire pizza Tony had picked up from La Fresca and used to lure Steve back towards the mansion with, slice by slice. The last slice of pizza had been pilfered by Clint when they got inside the mansion, and then Steve had eaten most of the box too. Tony hadn’t been able to do anything except watch him in stunned horror, because what the fuck.
thank you. Especially because the more time he gives Tony to entrench himself and deflect, the harder resolving it all will be.
Hell, maybe it was for both. He’d lost track of most cognitive thought right around the time Steve had discovered that biting down on the spot where his neck and shoulder met while pinching his nipple with one hand and roughly jerking his cock with the other was a cheat code to make him come damn near instantly.
He’s always known he’d take any piece of Steve the man deigned to toss his way, a dog begging scraps from the proverbial table.
Tony is not even sorry that they’ve been running Strange down like a dog, but they’ve got a mighty need for his services since Wanda doesn’t feel up to the task.
Everyone looks at Steve, who looks like an escapee from some random robot anime, and then back at Tony in varying stages of disbelief, and Tony does his best to brazen it out. It’s embarrassing enough that his ridiculous fixation on Steve has been so thoroughly exposed, but he doesn’t need it brought up every other second. He knows well enough that Steve doesn’t reciprocate--they’ve known each too long and been through too much for dissembling. If Steve were interested, something would have been said already. His only hope now is to just let this all blow over as random magical insanity and play it cool so that their friendship isn’t jeopardized. What he
Tony’s attention had turned to his thighs and on down to his legs, and Steve just let himself float off, groaning and rumbling and purring in the back of his throat as Tony worked over him, the massage gel counteracting the initial discomfort and then magnifying the pleasurable relief he felt by warming him from what felt like inside out.
“He was...all Denarians are a menace. Their machinations are deep and subtle, convoluted enough to rival political masters or the Winter Queen, Mab, herself, but Orthiel didn’t seem to exhibit that same tendency. He had no use for grand schemes or even the political maneuvering amongst the Denarians themselves.”
and further along than he can understand...Tony feels his gorge rise and throws the bowl of soup against the wall. The sound of porcelain breaking is muted by the accompanying slosh of liquid and the grotesque suctioning splat of congealed blood and clumps of organ meat.
“This is bullshit!” Everyone jumps at Tony's frustrated outburst, and yeah, he probably shouldn’t be so agitated, but no, really, this is
Steve let out a low groan as Tony squirted more soap over his body, continuing his self-appointed task with a graceful efficiency that Steve honestly appreciated. He wanted to speak, wanted to complain to Tony about the day, check in with Tony and see how
with need, and he can feel his climax approaching, but in its own time and Tony isn’t letting him get there. He’s strung out on it, is sobbing lowly as he rocks and bucks through the sweet agony Tony is inflicting on him, and even if he had the desire to quiet himself, the ability is not there. Tony is very, very good at this, and he’s quite obviously after the pleas and curses and praise that spills from his lips in fevered desperation.
Tony has given him an embarrassment of riches, and dammit, he’s going to find a way to make Tony understand just how much he loves him for that.
he was going to repay that, and Steve wrapped a hand around Tony, pumping his copiously leaking erection as he continued to rock inside of his wet heat, enjoying the frissons of bliss from the aftershocks of his orgasm, and then Tony sucked in his breath and screamed silently, breath whooshing out of him as he came in long ropes that splattered against Steve’s stomach, his chest, completely overwhelmed.
“It’s trash anyway.” Wanda levitates the paper over to the trashcan and incinerates it in a burst of red magic. “It’s good that you’re here, Tony. We decided that we should try to restore the Captain to his rightful form ourselves.”
Wanda nods at Thor, who calls down a massive bolt of lightning from Mjolnir. The night air begins to stink of ozone and sharp heat while the hairs on Tony’s arm and the back of his neck prickle with static electricity. Tony has to blink and turn his gaze aside, the brilliant blue-white lightning near-blinding. The crackling and popping electricity forms into a ball of what Tony would swear must be plasma it’s so concentrated, and Thor hurls it straight at Wanda when she nods.
Steve froze in the middle of quietly seething about the gentrified mess his neighborhood had turned into, his stomach twisting as an all-too-familiar voice registered above the white noise of the sidewalk traffic.
“Oh come on. No one’s telling you to start making wedding plans or anything. It’s just one date. Have yourself a good time, get a nice dinner out of it, maybe get laid. I guarantee he’ll put out if you’re into that sort of thing.”
Steve Rogers does not operate solo. He draws people into his orbit and turns them into accomplices and followers. Allies. Steve’s natural inclination is to clamber on up his high horse, rile up a group of people and
Tony’s eyes are burning, his head pounds as the blood throbs against his temples, his diaphragm painfully straining as he struggles and writhes and the dead have come for their due at last.
and a wail of apprehension clawed its way up and out of him as he felt that all too familiar tension building within him more quick than he’d ever experienced before. Rational thought was a loss, but the words were suddenly
The ice...he remembered an incredible chill, and a stinging, biting freeze that left him horrifically numb, and then everything had just...stopped. He lost all sensation, he lost all ability to think as he drifted deeper and deeper into unconsciousness, and he lost his place in time.
Stark grinned. “I’m offering you legendary sex on top of a million-dollar car to not write me a ticket. Tickets are boring, and you’re unfairly hot, and I am compelled to not let the opportunity pass.”
“I’m no--” Tony trails off, the words clogging in his throat, and Steve feels a hint of self-satisfaction at that.
"Now that's a challenge for the ages. I know a place that’s good." Tony muttered as he headed back down the sidewalk. "And, hold on, I thought Captain America didn't drink?"
Steve stared up at the ceiling incredulously, his chest rising and falling with harsh breaths as his teeth ground angrily at the twisted fabric of his gag.
The silence was back, this time ripe with expectant melodrama as every set of eyes in the room turned to stare at Tony.
“Oh, it would still take some time to get everything lined up, and then the logistics alone… it’d be another year probably before you’d have to relocate. More than enough time for Lauren to wrap up fourth grade. Fifth too, probably.”
He thinks maybe he should be more concerned about the salmonella, but it’s so far down his list of priorities.
—-but he looks at the too-still figure, the blood spread over the snow and the unnatural angle of the neck, the spine, and knows with a cold certainty that he’s too late. He’s no stranger to death—he
He took Natasha and Clint with him. They are most likely infected—but if anyone can handle potential vampires, it’s Asgard. Better they remain there than fall under Steve’s sway. The last thing the world needs is a nest of vampiric Avengers.
Tony was quick to assist after Steve made a protesting noise, angling him this way and that in order to easily wash away the heavy lather with long sure strokes across his hair, as if he were some lovable dope of a lazy dog, sprawled across his owner’s lap and hoping for pets.
his own meal behind Tony’s back. Then, thanking him effusively for a lovely “date,” Ty had taken his own receipt, tucked it into Tony’s lapel, and playfully stolen a quick kiss before strolling off. It had just been a joke, like the playful smacks Tony gave Rhodey or Bruce, even Pepper, but Steve wouldn’t take it that way.
He was sobbing now, entirely gone on the sensation and desperate for the fall. He wanted to come again so very badly, and it wasn’t fast enough, and it was
Steve squeezed his eyes shut and let himself be swept away by the pleasure arcing through him, the fight knocked right out of him.
Steve stares down at Tony, and the mischievously gleaming hint of deep blue beneath barely cracked eyelids. Jesus, that rotten ass pun!
Steve was actually left speechless for a moment. He'd seen it all--crying, pleading, anger, and in one particularly awful incident, physical illness.
There were no words for the relief and fondness welling up inside of him, so Tony just stroked Steve a bit more between the horns. Okay. Steve was back. He can handle this. He just has to keep him focused. Maybe someone has come up with a useful update by now. He’s honestly very tempted to let Wanda take a crack at it after all. He absolutely does not want to deal with Steve fuzzing out on him again. It’s a very disconcerting feeling, and what if he doesn’t come back to awareness one of those times?
“Pepper and Rhodey kiss me all the time! You don’t mind that! Why is it Ty gets you so worked up, huh?”
, he should have done this a long time ago. Kissing Tony isn’t a clash or battle of wills, nor is it an all-out passionate tangle of tongues. Kissing Tony is slow and easy, a warm and heady thing that sends sweet thrills of pleasure up and down his spine.
Steve had then trotted his happy goat behind into the mansion and climbed up right on top of Tony's Chateau D’Ax sofa and proceeded to eat it, too.
Tony makes a kittenish noise in his sleep and tucks in tighter around Steve's frame before stilling again, his breathing deep and slow. Maybe he’ll draw Tony like this, long and lean in the moonlight, dark sheets pooling low over his waist and sleeping peace turning him uncharacteristically soft. He looks almost a decade younger like this, and he can’t help but marvel at the difference.
He hurls his shot glass at the wall, the noise of shattering glass soothing something ugly and petty inside of him.
There was no staving this one off as every ounce of the pleasure buzzing in his veins, (along his nerves, deep in his muscles, all throughout his body,) was drawn towards his groin, rocketing towards the point of no return.
A deep lance of pain and horror shot through his intestines, souring his stomach and bringing up bile and acid. Steve fought down the urge to be sick, and took a steadying breath. “I was thinking, Tony, that it was Orthiel.” His lips grew dry, suddenly, and he licked at them, looked up to Tony’s hard gaze and met it resolutely.
was, but that he also deliberately withheld that information from him? That spoke of a level of omniscience--and malice--that Steve just couldn’t believe Tony was capable of.
“Alright, Winghead. We’re going to fix you, okay? Don’t worry. I won’t let anything happen to mess it up. You’re a great guy, and just...you’re the best, Steve. It’s going to be okay.”
Tony hummed with satisfaction as Steve began to pump in and out of his grasp, and he leaned forward to take Steve’s nipple back into his mouth and squeezed his erection. The different interplay of sensations threw Steve off momentarily, and he gave an almost bewildered wail as they all ran through him. There was the electric tingle that shot down through his nipples and through his nerves, and there was the warm throbbing that pulsed from his erection in time with Tony’s squeezing. Both of them were good, but they were each so different in their effects that Steve couldn’t adapt to either one, couldn’t get overwhelmed on anyone thing but was instead pinioned between them, each one different but still pleasurable.
“You think too much.” Tony smacked him playfully on the ass, nothing too hard, just enough to bring his attention back to Tony, and those devilishly wonderful hands, and Steve moaned as Tony rubbed a proprietary hand over his his cheeks, turning the stinging into a warm sort of throbbing that...that was kind of nice. Something to explore later, maybe?
This guy was probably a master of disappointed looks--there was a crinkle between his brows that only formed from repeated use--and that only made Tony more interested.
Frowning, Steve reached into his pocket for it, and returned with a glossy business card. The front said Stark Industries. Steve flipped the card over, and in hasty black cursive was a message. “You know who I am.”  Below that, a phone number.
Steve was leaking so much now, he knew he was, he was making such a mess of the car, and it only served to make him slide even easier over the hood, let him make the most of the pressure and puddle of warmth beneath him, and none of it did him any damn good. More, more, he needed more.
, he could feel it building now, each of Steve’s wild and forceful thrusts spiraling him higher and higher towards an ecstatic peak and then Steve snapped up into him at the same time as one of his fingers pressed into his perineum, massaging it and Tony whited-out, not registering the sensation of Steve’s teeth clamping down on his shoulder in order to muffle his own cries, or the wary Steve’s pounding rhythm stuttered then broke as he thrust into him once, twice, then stilled, his release pulsing into Tony in hot waves. Tony screamed silently into Steve’s hand as he came, voice locked, pushed past its limit, utterly lost in the throes of a shattering orgasm.
Steve didn't know if it was the car, the man, or the insanely lethal combination of both that did it for him, but whatever it was left him repressing a full body shudder as all his senses clicked over to ‘Oh. Hell. Yes.’
Oh, but he has his old body back, the one that had been on all fours for Arnie Roth back in the day, the one that had been twisted and contorted and posed for more carnal explorations by some of the artists he knew.
being manhandled by Tony--and he gleefully gives in to an urge he’s always daydreamed of but long written off as impossible. He leaps up, looping his arms around Tony’s neck and wrapping his legs around Tony’s waist.
it’s Steve, but rationally, it could be anyone or anything. There are plenty of telepaths in the world and no small number in New York.
Wanda’s scarlet tendrils of magic wrap around the ball of lightning, letting it hover in front of her as she begins to chant above the voltaic din.
The scent of fresh tomato basil soup is gradually overpowered by the stench of decay and blood, by sharp arctic air and sodden grave-dirt.
A round of negative replies comes from the Avengers. What the hell good is it having a master of the mystic arts on tap if they’re never around when you need them?
When Steve finally releases his bite Tony hunches in on himself, disgusted with his lack of resolve, his inability to halt his almost instinctual fall under Steve’s sway.
collaring’s effect on him and exploited it for all it was worth, and Pepper had always made it up to him because she was a fucking angel, but Steve...
“Steve, Stevie, what the fuck?” Tony’s expression was mystified. “I...holy shit I think I’m jealous, no I know I am, what the hell did they
A particularly hard thrust left Steve keening, and Tony leaned over his back to place a teasingly soft kiss in the middle of his spine, on his right shoulder blade, at the hollow where neck met shoulder, lips and tongue wandering languidly over his body. There was a tantalizingly hot and wet trail traced from his neck to the shell of his ear, and then Tony’s seductively menacing voice washed over him, detailing all the ridiculously sinful things he wanted to do,
“Harder,” he murmurs, breathless and alight with pleasure as Tony snaps up into him, making him see stars.
He knows what’s happening. Tony is going to hold him and love him and endure it all silently, and never say anything of what he feels. As if it’s only real if he says it out loud. As if Steve doesn’t already know. He knows. He knows sure as anything, and he feels
Steve was lost to it, not even registering Tony’s words, not really, recognizing them more as that maddeningly enticing drone that played havoc with his hearing and sent pleasurable little tremors deep down into his head, down his spine, speaking lust into his every limb and calling it forth with touches and caresses that trapped him further and further under Tony’s spell until he was left reeling, rocking and tossed on a sea of desire that seemed to move with him, move in a counterpoint that carried him further and further away towards a brilliant end that--that--wait--wha--
The tears came then, burning hot and bitter, but a shadow enveloped him and his head was drawn into deceptively strong arms, a gentle refuge that smelled of cool water and and crisp leaves, and the bergamont in the tea Peggy so jealously hoarded.
He couldn’t pick up any sort of aftershave, not even anything as pedestrian as Old Spice or--thank all the stars--Axe. Just the fresh scent of...lemongrass? No, aloe vera, and the barest hint of spearmint behind it. Nothing overwhelming, just cool and clean, and somehow perfect for Steve. It was a very good blend for him, Tony mused, and pressed a soft kiss against the racing pulse in Steve’s neck, the tip of his tongue dipping out to teasingly lick, and was rewarded with Steve shuddering hard against him, those deliciously large hands convulsively locking onto his hips and pulling him even closer.
Steve deemed him ready then, removed his fingers so that he could coat his erection with lube, and Tony begged, maybe sobbed, his lips pressing against the hot flesh of Steve’s hand as useless syllables burst free from his mouth and died softly as inch after hot, throbbing inch was relentlessly pressed into him.
--thought that it was Winter’s Knight at first, under a different name. Or mayhap a member of her Court.”
, and sighed resignedly. “Fuck Steve, this isn’t 2007, I can’t handle another public indecency charge, I--”
Steve’s mouth fell open in a soundless scream as he let himself be led by Tony’s increasingly rushed nudging of his back. He was thrusting in earnest now, unable to stop himself as Tony turned him into the architect of his own torment.
. Tony is...Tony is going to sit there and act as if he doesn’t love him with every iota of his being. As if they’re just
“Am I supposed to shed tears for the fist of Hydra?” Tony snapped. “Brainwashed or not, he’s killed people. He nearly killed you!”
Steve huffed out a self-deprecating laugh. “You, actually. The plug...I...got distracted with how you got it in, and then…” Steve trailed off, shrugged eloquently, and traced tiny circles into Tony’s hips. The skin there was red, shaped like his fingers. He must have gripped him so tightly…
Natasha shrugged. “I invade everyone’s privacy. It’s even easier when you leave your cell phone unlocked in the kitchen.”
at knots--and fucked--also badly, because Ty had been high and had been fucking the sheets half the time he’d thought he’d been fucking
Sure, he probably could’ve gone to Nick Fury or even Thaddeus Ross for help in getting his private journals and shield back, but well...no favor was ever given for free. Not from those sort of men--Steve had learned that lesson a long time ago. His next-door neighbor Natalie, however, was also attending the auction and had been kind enough to offer to bring Steve as her plus-one.
Tony jolted convulsively against him, harder than he’d ever been in his life and horrified because they were still fully clothed, and he had damn near come in his pants. Holy shit, this wasn’t happening, he was Tony Fucking Stark ™, and
If they were staying in bed, it was going to be on his damn terms, not Tony's, and certainly not his
Tony glances over at Clint, who’s gleefully snapping pictures and probably texting them to every damn body they know. He’s not alone. Carol is mostly bemused by the whole thing, as is Thor, fresh from his search for Amora, though he also seems sincerely apologetic that Amora’s ongoing obsession has left Steve as the latest casualty. They’re all clustered around the common room watching Steve, though nothing particularly exciting has happened since the initial transformation.
Steve hummed in approval as Tony latched onto his shirt for support and began to move in a desperate, rocking grind with his movements, the busy nighttime ambiance of the city rising up to drown out muffled gasps and pleas that Steve greedily devoured, the wet glide of his hand on their cocks loud in his ear but barely noticeable in the overall equation of things.
The slower Tony went, the higher Steve’s voice climbed as he demanded more. He went fast, and Steve’s voice went low and guttural as he moaned Tony’s name. Licking the head of Steve’s cock got him “please, please,
She overrode him, patting him on the shoulder as she stepped out of his throwing angle. “I think this will be good for you. Trust me?”
Tony lets out a startled squawk as he reflexively moves to steady Steve, stumbling for a moment, but he gets his balance back, and Steve grins delightedly.
That same instinct, though, the one that screams at him that he’s in danger, that lets him know he isn’t losing his mind somehow? That same instinct tells him it’s not them.
Steve had the feeling he might actually be in trouble because he had a type, and gorgeous and feisty was it.
Maybe Tony would let him ride him? He hadn’t done that with anyone since 1940 with that one Broadway fella...
Tony pulled his sigil-marked hand out and caressed the sigil again. There was that pleasant curl of sensation, comforting and sweet, and then...there it was. Something purely Steve.
He hears the truth screaming at him, locked away in the darkest recesses of his mind because Tony can’t—
Steve let his head rest in Tony’s embrace, feeling the truth he needed to utter heavy on the tip of his tongue. He needed to tell Tony the rest. But it would be hard enough work getting past this day anyway. Steve swallowed thickly, guilt and shame leaden in his throat as he remained silent, taking this one moment of comfort he so desperately needed.
” Tony snaps, and he moves to stand up and no doubt storm away, but Steve rises with him. If nothing else, he
Carol rolled her eyes. “Not in the last five minutes since you had us try reaching out to him. So. You can talk to goats now?”
The beard rasps against his face as Tony deepens the kiss, clearly savoring every moment, and Steve lets out a pleased hum when Tony’s hands travel up his arms to tangle in his hair and yank him down further.
. A harsh, guttural cry ripped out of Steve as his knees buckled, and for a moment Tony thought he would have to duck out the way or catch a knee to the face, but Steve had good reflexes, locking his legs as far apart as they would go and planting his hands flat on the Saleen so that he was arched safely over Tony’s head.
Steve supposes he should actually return the sentiment, knows that it’s not fair that he’s dragged this essential truth out of Tony and not informed him of the same, and he will, really, he will, he intends to. However, somewhere between one moment and the next, he decided his time was better spent trying to crawl his way inside Tony, mouth first.
“I’m serious, Steve. You’re fucking hot, and I don’t want to hear any of your nonsense about the serum because I
Tony is up and running for Steve’s circle, skidding to a halt as a figure groans. It’s a very human sounding thing, full of weariness and dazed confusion, and it’s in Steve’s voice.
That red-headed she-devil...Steve huffed out a rueful laugh. “Something like that. So, that’s your type, then? All those models and power execs can’t hold a candle to an artistic soul?”
” Tony rolled his hips against Steve, and he barked out a loud gasp, so close, so close--Tony made a shushing noise, gently caressed his cheek with the back of his hand, humming approvingly as Steve rubbed against it. “I almost thought about letting you get yourself off again, but I don’t know if you have a third round in you. Do you want it, Steve? Do you want to come again? You looked
and Tony bucked in his grasp, humping the air in sheer desperation, searching for any kind of relief as Steve continued his obscene contemplation.
know. Tony clenches his fist, gorge rising, because Steve’s about to be murdered, and the dread certainty sets his scalp prickling.
and jerks his gaze back down to the table, unwilling to bear witness to the macabre horror that Steve has become. Overbearing malevolence falls heavy over the intimate setup and Tony snaps his gaze back up, quick enough that he catches the fleeting remains of a ghastly snarl as Steve’s expression settles back into pleasant nonchalance.
He’d grown up pale and skinny and sickly and in so much pain, but he’d grown up. He’d lived, and he’d struggled, and he’d survived, and he wore his pain like a badge of honor, not glorying in it, but proud because look at what he’d gone through. Life had seemed to take a personal offense to the existence of little Stevie Rogers, but he wasn’t going to roll over and die for anyone or anything. Certainly not for his own rebellious body.
Steve jolted, surprised to have Tony’s voice so close to his ear. He’d been so lost in trying to get any kind of relief he hadn’t realized Tony had moved. He moaned Tony’s name and rocked even more insistently against the Saleen, desperate for any kind of simulation that would push him back over the edge he was still stuck on.
The bond surges with heat, and warm golden light bursts out of his hand and flares brightly, engulfing the area. When the flare dies down, Steve is standing tall in a magnificent set of armor.
Steve pulls back just enough to lap up the trickle of blood before he presses bloody kisses across his collarbone, settling back over his right pectoral again. Tony practically begs for the bite this time, adam’s apple bobbing as he swallows thickly in anticipation, surrendering in murmured pleas and sighs when Steve finally kisses the upper ridge of the muscles then bites down.
Steve loved this era’s cars, and this one was more beautiful than anything he’d set his eyes on, the metallic red super-car with its iridescent sheen glinted in the pale moonlight, the darker patches of dark gray carbon fiber finish on the roof, front hood, and intake fins gone black in the night and adding a mysterious depth to the Saleen’s overall appearance. It was still flashy and absolutely ostentatious, but it was so damn pretty, and it worked for Stark, somehow.
like the time his mother had warned him away from the stove but he’d touched it anyway. The beams from the strange Hydra weaponry that harried them across Nazi Germany felt like his skin was being melted off and charred through to the bone, and it left his flesh excruciatingly tender days after he’d completely healed the damage. Oh, he healed up his damage quickly and completely, with no scarring to show for the havoc heaped upon his body, but the process itself was
Steve leaned over the front of his motorcycle, idly rocking one leather-booted leg back and forth as he looked up into the night sky and wondered, yet again, what meaning his life had now. There’d been a time, once, when he never expected to make 20, and then, during the war, he’d never expected to see 25. Global scale warfare being what it was, and the Invaders being who they were, any moment might have been their last. He’d thought he’d actually seen the last of his time when he went down in the ocean, but Fate was a cruel and fickle mistress, and he’d been pulled out far into a future he’d never even considered, young and healthy and entirely alone.
Clint and Natasha are down, and the last thing Tony sees as Thor bodily tosses him into the Quinjet behind Banner, who’s back in control and already snapping out the autopilot commands is a golden beam of light engulfing Thor and the others.
and his battlecry rises above the laser fire and sirens as he slams headlong into a Doombot, sending it crashing into a different one that’s trying to destroy the next layer of defenses.
The Texas trip had gone well, and it had been all business. Well, all business except for the dinner he taken his business partners to on Friday night. He'd bumped into Ty, and invited him to join them because ViaStone was a major contributor to NASA, and it never hurt to keep the donation pipeline open. Ty had taken him up on it, and through the course of the dinner, which had become dessert, and then drinks, everyone else had trickled away until it was just Ty and Tony and a giant-ass bowl of bread pudding, catching up on the year-and-a-half since they'd last seen each other.
Tony dropped his arms to the sheets and snatched up great handfuls of them, and Steve could’ve built him a shrine for having enough presence of mind not to dig his nails deep into his shoulder blades and
A shadow fell over him, and Steve drank in the sight of the fae prince. Out of favor Tony Stark might be, but he was still Winter Court, and royal, and he wore the stamp of it proudly. His goatee was perfectly trimmed, and his dark hair was artfully cut and spiked. Today he’d donned a different suit of armor, and it was just as impressive and foreboding as the Iron Man armor itself. The bespoke suit he wore was worn with devastating effect, pearl white over a navy blue dress shirt with a muted silver tie tucked neatly into the accompanying vest, with tasteful diamond and sapphire cufflinks and a large diamond tie pin. Every line of the suit was flawless, flattered him completely, with nary a wrinkle or stain in sight despite Tony having no doubt slouched and paced and fretted for…for...
Sure, it made him stronger, faster, and much tougher than he’d ever imagined he would become (even knowing what the serum promised beforehand), but the one thing that no one had taken into account was the side effects. Namely, that the serum had exponentially increased his nerve sensitivity. The touches that registered as benign to other people could grow to become distinctly uncomfortable to him, pleasurable touches were almost so intense as to become unbearable, and pain itself was a fresh hell that made him long for the days before he’d become enhanced.
He wants water, he’s hungry, he’s so, so, hungry, he’s hurting and it burns inside and he can’t get air and the darkness creeps closer, graying the edges of his vision and fuzzing reality around him and he’s drowning/choking/bursting/
Steve’s vision whited out as the vibrator kicked back on again, and he went tumbling down into what was promising to be a great orgasm, so long as Tony kept that speed up, oh please oh please oh--
“I don’t think I’m in the right head-space for a relationship, you know? I just...I need some time.”
Sometimes--and more often than not lately--they skirted around the whole messy scenario. There was kissing and cuddling and caresses, but nothing with actual intent; nothing to actually move things up to the next--often disastrous--level. Tony would then...stop. Just, slowly taper things off and let them bask in the mild pleasantness, but Steve would stare deep into those brown eyes, see him cataloging things away, analyzing and mapping some grand thing out, and he wanted to tell him that it was okay, that he was flawed goods and he just--he just--oh
Steve has chewed through the lead and is facing off with a swan, dropping his head and shaking his horns at it threateningly while the swan hisses and flaps its wings, completely undeterred. Of course, Steve goes and picks a fight with an asshole, and since he’s no longer human, it’s perfectly in character for him to find the biggest asshole
-thief, just...taking something of mine back. It was mine first.” Steve trailed off in mortification. “Oh, God.”
It wasn’t nearly as long as any of the dildos in Tony’s carnal treasure trove, which all tended toward an average of seven or eight inches and ran the gamut from slick and cylindrical, to ribbed and studded, and one particularly menacing one that was crooked as a bag of snakes and nearly a foot long.
“Good boy,” Steve began, and chuckled darkly at Tony’s tiny and despairing “Ohhhh, fuck” as his cock jerked and he shuddered involuntarily at the praise.
Waking up to Sam’s Wilson’s mockery was honestly unfair, but Steve supposed he should be grateful he was waking up at all. He’d passed out mid-fall into the Potomac, and he’d thought that was it. A long drop into darkness, then nothingness, and then he could enjoy his surprise retirement. The serum saw him through a lot, but even he hadn’t been certain it could handle that drop, not on top of the rest of the day’s events. He did not expect the unusually comfortable bed in what he was beginning to realize was his room at the Tower, or the soulful music overriding the quiet steady beep of the pulse monitor attached to his index finger.
They’ll surely turn infected if they break the skin. Howard’s squeezing hard enough it’s a real possibility.
Tony has his boardroom and an executive office on the 42nd floor of Stark Tower for when he needs to handle SI business (or at least properly cow scheming board members, recalcitrant investors, and nosy journalists).
He hadn’t even wanted to come in the first place, but Pepper had been out of the country and if he couldn’t have his partner in corporate dominance, he’d damn well drag his lover down with him.
“That’s better.” Tony stepped back from Steve and turned to reach for the bottle of shampoo he kept nearby. A quick three pumps, and then Tony was rubbing a handful of shampoo between his hands before ordering Steve to lean his head back. Steve obliged him, and Tony smeared the shampoo on his hair with broad strokes, coating all of his hair with the thick teakwood and tea tree oil shampoo that made his nostrils tingle with the crisply exotic scent.
Steve glared daggers at Natasha, who had deliberately moved into the trajectory of his planned throw.
Magic is how you get sorcerers running amok, or idiots summoning demons that they have no business consorting with. It’s what drives dead mothers from their graves and turns treasured comrades into vampires.
He’d take another day to wonder what Tony was up to, though. Today? Today he just wanted to curl up in a ball and not
Mainly, they all just want Steve out the mansion, and that means Tony’s getting tossed out too, never mind that it’s technically his mansion.
The fourth finger was worse, and Steve was certain he’d be feeling it for a while, but hey, it was long past time the serum worked out in his favor, and if he could heal up stab wounds within hours, then a bit of discomfort was the least of his worries.
When he finally came back to himself, it was to discover that Tony had stilled, and was running a gentle hand through his hair, softly massaging his scalp and murmuring soothing nonsense into his ear.
the influence of both Orthiel and the Winter Soldier. Nothing that had happened to him had been his choice, and even as he slipped further and further away from himself he still fought. Steve had gotten through to him on the helicarrier--he’d been sure of it. He just need more time. If Bucky could get help, Steve was sure, if he could get to him, he would be able to buoy his friend, to get him to surrender the coin, and even pull back from the Winter Soldier entirely some day. He could get Bucky
had a knack for death—is a genius in the field. He has a pedigree a mile long, after all, thanks to his family, and not simply because of Howard.
"He got a text with "we need to talk" and he's been mobbing around. And he wouldn't scooch for me on the couch". Tony answered as he pointed at Bucky.
“Clam down Anthony, you’ll just get yourself upset and I have to deal with the high blood pressure.” Steve calmed Tony down and lowered on the floor and helped untangle Tony’s leg.
This was outrageous, Steve thought to himself , how did that old man just cut line like that and why was no one objecting to this behavior. He'll get up and talk to him.
"Classified, huh. Fine. Let's hear the last order and add for the rest of the gang". Steve scratched his head then got up to look around the place for Clint.
"Yes ma'am. " Tony answered defeated, "Next time Steve leaves I'm gonna make him leave me in charge " Tony grumbled to himself.
"Buck... we need to talk. Meet me at our place ". Tony read out the text Nat sent and then stopped pushing down Bucky. "Ouch... she needs to talk... buddy sorry. " Tony said as Bucky tugged his phone out of Tony's hands.
“Bucky. You know its Bucky. You yell at me every night at ten pm.” Bucky sighed and took out his wallet.
Both men turned towards Clint and yelled in unison “Shut up Clint". And Clint had the decency to look ashamed.
"He was raised in a barn with cattle. Don’t mind him. Talk to me, you ever felt congested when you took a pill or maybe you got the itches or went red?” The old man asked again.
Clint shook his head no and went back to burrowing  into his dragon. "How about we check that diaper then?” Steve asked again and then signed the question.
"Yeah; you're allergic to those, give me that” the old man said and then he took out his glasses and tabbed the counter” Now Peter, don't give me that look, I taught you everything you know and I am still a pharmacist. Give me his prescription. "
"Scooch, I wanna sit". Tony stood there waiting next to the couch. When Bucky didn't move Tony rolled his eyes at him and kicked at Bucky's leg. "Scooch an adult is standing. Your Pops taught you manners, didn't he?"  Bucky let out a sigh and then moved to the side of the couch as Tony dropped himself next to Bucky. "So, my technologically illiterate teen. What seems to be the problem with your phone?". Tony took a spoon full of ice cream and dunked it into the coffee and started eating. Bucky blinked at him for a while. " We ran out of the coffee-flavored ice cream. And this is amazing as soon as you're allowed coffee, you should try it." Tony said dunking another spoon full.
"Oh for the love of...come here, small container of germs. Look “Tony moved the screen in front of Clint. "These dots? That's Buck and Nat. You see how they are blinking?  That's because they are alive. If they needed a hand, I gave them a panic button. Like this one” Tony went back to his station and got a small, normal looking shirt button. "This is connected to me and my suits and the American dream upstairs.” Tony said then when Clint sniffled again. Tony rolled his eyes" our response time combined is 5 minutes flat. Now go back upstairs to Uncle and make sure he orders from the good Italian place." Tony messed Clint's hair.
"I was trying to help," Tony muttered under his breath and just looked over at Bucky waiting to hear the answer.
"Huh; Well, the Name's Steve Rogers. I do not have a kid or a building to my name. But I do think that a kid dropping the last name is a bit too much of a rebellion streak" Steve said then looked at the papers the old man was altering.
As Steve was away, the store’s bell dinged again. Tony sighed and then looked over as a couple walked in. “Your kid stole again”. Tony pointed at the man with his cane.
Tony turned a shade of red and then cleared his throat " People do that to various degrees of success. But like what did you do? Did she walk in on trying out a gold and titanium alloy suit?" Tony asked his face slightly going back to its normal colour.
Steve moved closer to Tony and helped him off his chair. “That kid is not someone’s kid. He’s Ducky’s. Goddamn chair! Damn it Steve I told you to change my chair. You want me to trip over this stupid chair”. Tony went off on an anger tangent.
Steve walked into the pharmacy, took a number, and waited. He looked at the number and then looked at the long perception his doctor wrote him. He hates his new doctor, his old one is on vacation and this one took his place. This one is a pill popper; he hates pill poppers they always give him more than he needs. He sighed as he looked at his number; he has at least 20 people in front of him. He will wait, he doesn't mind waiting.
"Who's dumping who? Bucky? What's wrong honey?". Pepper looked concerned and then moved from the hallway she was standing in into her office. "Tell ma dear. What's going on".
"Hmmm, did you try out her underwear and looked better at wearing them than her? Girls frown at that." Tony said to Bucky thoughtfully.
"You're a denier. You do look on the young side. What to give to look as sexy as you". The old man said as the pharmacist said. "Stop harassing my costumer. He does not want you to hit on him. Sorry Mister Rogers, but it seems like some of these pills have been prescribed to you for the first time. Do you know if you have any allergies?"
“We’re giving Natasha a better wedding next week, with fucking ice sculptures that piss champagne. No one attacks my family on a happy day like this one. Tomorrow, we hit them hard and put the fear of God into them. They will wish that they never crossed roads with the Stark family. “Pepper said then fixed her outfit and the outfit of her brother and his husband.
"I'm allowed coffee. Just not a lot of coffee and nothing is the matter with my phone. Stop being nosy". Bucky said as he moved his legs closer together and bundled up on the couch.
Steve who was confused looked between the two, but then turned to talk to the old man. "I..when they first gave me the heart pills , it made my skin all blotchy for a while , I just thought that's what it was supposed to do". Steve looked at him for a while.
"Yeah, wherever, tell anyone and I'll eat you and your pet bear". Tony said then made a face at Clint and started growling. Clint squealed and ran out of the lab.
The brightly lit room was closing in on Tony, The wide space was getting smaller and smaller, the smell went from lemon zest to a foul stench. "I don'd wand do be here." ( I don’t want to be here)  Tony squeaked through his hands, which were currently covering his nose.
As old man, Stark took his place at the cashier, Old man Rogers took his mop and started to clean the floors. “Stop mopping the floor. The damn dog will slip on it again” old man Stark grumbled.
“it belonged to Angelo, So he got upset ,and sent over some people with a bit of a temper on them,” Steve said while trying to avoid Pepper’s steely gaze.
“You know his name is Bucky, Tony. He was my best man in my wedding”. Steve said to Tony and then checked on Tony’s legs and got out his blood pressure cuff and put it on Tony’s arm. “Relax old man. I need my better half alive, if I want to have a life.” Steve said then kissed at Tony’s forehead.
“Hey I broke an arm too you know.” Steve spat while looking at Pepper and then got the full view of a very angry Natasha with a full wedding dress.” Are you comparing your lousy arm to the fact that my baby is now in surgery? Are you telling me that the tiny boo boo on your arm is more important than the fact that my Bucky is now naked and under some horrible butcher hands!” Natasha’s hands moved now to swat at Steve’s side after leaving Clint when Steve jumped away from her reach.
“No more, Anthony, your heart stopped last Christmas because of those damn pills.” Steve warned and then went back to mopping.
Tony nodded his head and head back into the kitchen. He's in his big headspace. He has been for a while, but Bucky keeps slipping every now and then. It might have to do with Steve being away on a mission. Normally it would be Tony slipping in and out of his headspace. But this time around Tony was packed with work he wasn't exactly in the mood to be in his headspace. He hung his head and grabbed the coffee pot and then some ice cream and then went back into the living room.
“Bucky! You’re back. And Natasha, oh dear me ,you look lovely in that dress”. Steve greeted cheerfully and went over to give Bucky a hug.
"That's the dosage; you need to have a less one. Name's Tony Stark by the way. Name's on the building you see, and that ungrateful hair do is my son, Pete. Or should I say Dr. Peter Parker. He dropped my name, took after his mother's. Not like I care, I mean, I only gave him a life, a roof over his head; and paid for his degree". Tony rambled on but kept looking at the prescription at hand and making notes on it for better dosages and other brands.
"No, no , no water works. No, we talk like men and behave like men." Tony said while looking at Clint and pushed a tissue box at Clint.
“That was a mix up with pills that young doc gave me. Brucie came over and put them all in small separate containers, he even put the days on them.” Tony said then the bell to the store dingged and he turned his attention to the first customer of the day. It was always Bill the fella that buys minty gum. He sells houses or so he claims.
“I spent a whole summer! A whole summer helping him and that Parker kid with math. and do you know how they repay me? With an - A and a lousy B”. Tony huffed and then moved his legs around the chair. “And Ducky is paying for all the candy, that kid just stole” Tony pointed at Steve’s chest.
“They missed Tony but they were really pissed off so he sent his goons. They came at me with baseball bat.” Steve pointed at his arm.
Tony just looked at Bucky and then shrugged. " Your Pops actually likes me in lingerie, he buys them for me, and I look fabulous in them," he said with a snap of his finger. " also not the point, I'm trying to help you out. Jarvis what is Nat up to?". Tony patted Bucky's side.
“Ugh, keep it to yourself. Still, he stole things from here. Someone has to pay up”. Tony threatened.
In the midst of the whole commotion, Bucky was wheeled out to the waiting room “what the fuck is going on here?”
"Uh-huh, never got that rule. If you're giving a guy coffee, just give him coffee no need to have him counting the cups. And how come you aren't being you're annoying teen self on the phone? Is it Sam? Did he win the meme war? Because if you lost to Sam, then you're a disgrace on the Stark family name and you need to be put up for adoption." Tony said with a sly smile and a very graceful body move avoiding Bucky's arm and saving his coffee from spilling.
"Your nose is broken, and you're bleeding. You're not moving a goddamn muscle. “Steve said as he held on to his own broken arm.
On day 11, Clint dropped his final defense against his headspace and actually dropped to a very young age. He took to keeping a binky in his mouth and signing instead of talking, if they ask him many questions.
"She's probably going to talk to you about that. And Bucky as soon as your Pa gets home. Me, you and him will have a long conversation about what you're allowed and not allowed to do with your phone and body. Don't think I don't know what you get up to at night alone in your room." Pepper said to Bucky when a loud "Ha" came from the corner.
Thor is not without moments of gravitas, and he looks each of them straight on in the eye, as if he can impress upon them his intended lesson by sheer force of will. If anyone can pull it off, it’s Thor.
He had always been a sucker for pretty eyes and a bitchy attitude, and those deep blue eyes paired with the pouty frown were a direct challenge, and he was not a man to resist temptation. God, he could fuck that look right off the CHP’s poster boy.
, and Tony looked startled, but that look was slowly fading into an expression of glee and Steve really ought to apologize, though, just as soon as he could get his breathing back under control, and he opened his mouth to fumble for words, but that was a moot point. Tony swooped down to meet him, crushing their lips together much as he had earlier, kissing him to within an inch of his life, until he was light-headed and grinning dazedly up at him.
And what a distressingly common occurrence that is in his life—the things he doesn’t keep under tight control are the things that always come back to haunt him.
His eyes were dark and wild in the mirror, and Tony flinched away from meeting his own gaze, couldn’t stand to look himself straight on in the eye like that. He blinked, and his eyes locked with Steve’s own intense blue gaze, and he moaned lowly. Steve always looked at him like he was a coveted prize, triumphant and hungry and proud, like Tony was something hard-earned and...and...worthy. Like he was good. Tony wanted to tell Steve to knock it off, that he was tainted product and Steve could do far better than a disaster of a drunk tilting at windmills, but the man was nobody's fool and would twig on to that fact soon enough. He hated himself, but not quite enough to destroy the best damn thing to happen to him in his own pitiful life. Time would take care of things soon enough, no use jumping the gun.
Tony ignored the jab at his choice in venues, and knocked once on the door. The slot in the door slid open and a shadowy figure peered at them.
Steve had been true to form, no matter how many decades or serums removed. Steve Rogers’ Hollow Leg, established 1918, struck again, and he’d killed off ¾ of a bottle of bourbon over the course of the evening, along with a hefty triple-patty bacon cheeseburger, and two baskets of fries. It would’ve been three, but Tony had defended his food with all the desperate fervor of a drunk protecting their only buffer between a nice buzz and a vicious hangover the next day.
Tony’s stomach plummets as Steve doesn’t change his course. Steve doesn’t have the shield, he doesn’t have any armor, and any one of the Crew can bench press almost 10 tons. Steve is
Tony ignores Steve’s outraged roar and lunges across the room for the anathema, the handle sticking out from under the edge of the armchair.
“Are you sure it wasn’t caused by the amulet exploding?” Wanda frowns and waves a hand, tendrils of red energy wrapping around the pieces and lifting them into the air. Once the shards of the Blue Ādaraya float into her palm, she eyes the largest piece skeptically, as if it has another horrifying trick up its sleeve. Steve doubts it. The shards don’t look like much now, grayish-blue and flatly matte with no sort of inner spark.
Tony’s throat bobbed nervously as he fumbled for any clue about what had gone wrong, hoping maybe he could fix it before Steve decided to enact whatever plan he had cooked up. Steve’s punishments were never physical--physical pain was never going to be a deterrent for him, and Steve knew it--but instead tended towards mental tactics. There had been the time he had dumped a shit-ton of rice into a large bowl and made Tony count it grain by grain because he had a distinct lack of patience out on the field; another time, they’d had a spectacular blow-up due to Tony hiding injuries, and Steve had assigned him a ten thousand-word essay on “Trust And What It Means To Me,” due by the time Tony had been deemed fit for at least light duty. Steve had a keen eye for punching a hole in Tony’s pride, while at the same time choosing a punishment that ended up bettering Tony at the same time.
After what felt like an hour, Steve’s back felt like warm goo, and Tony leaned further forward to begin the same process on his arms.
Tony handed both over, rolling his eyes as the patrol officer shone the light straight into the car and almost directly into his eyes.
There’s a loud crash and then Clint calls back to them from the cockpit. “Whatever you guys are doing, figure it out now. Doom just cracked the first layer of the Baxter Tower’s defenses!”
Steve had finished stretching him, the blunt weight of his fingers heavy inside his walls as more and more room was made to accommodate his wide girth. Tony had been unable to do anything but shudder and shake, his hands clenching desperately into the muscle of Steve’s thigh as one finger became two, then three. Steve pumped his fingers in and out, making calming shushing noises in Tony’s ear, hand still firmly clamped in place because Tony was too overwhelmed to be quiet, pushed too far too fast and caught on a wild surge of desire that he could not control, only weather.
The entire floor is pure African Blackwood, a perfect conduit between the physical and metaphysical, and excellent for work with energies classically associated with death. The walls are also paneled in blackwood, and the east and west walls are covered in floor to ceiling shelves containing a vast assortment of liquids, powders, plant clippings, stones, and crystals. The north wall houses miniature bars of the highest quality alchemical metals (excepting the mercury—that’s in a massive jar and tightly sealed). It’s no Fort Knox, but the bars of gold alone are enough to make a dragon salivate.
Steve considered. Tony Stark. This could be a one-off encounter, and they’d be done with each other. Just… an exciting interlude in the yawning sterility that was his life. Stark was certainly willing enough, and the architect of this encounter. No coercion at all.
There was a sudden flare then drop of speed as Tony played with the dial in the middle of the remote, his usual warning that things were going to get intense, and Steve made a panicked noise, his eyes going wide as he was suddenly very afraid of what the toy was capable of.
Steve cups Tony’s jaw, presses a kiss to Tony’s brow, follows the trail of a bead of sweat down the bridge of his nose with feather-light pecks and then kisses him full on the lips, shattering Tony in gentle increments as he gives him everything he’s been wanting since the Chitauri invasion, everything he’s dreamed off and longed for and never quite knew how to get. It’s what he’s been wanting since he woke up from the portal to see bright eyes and a relieved grin saying they won.
“I’m going to get back to it now, but I’m onto you Tony, so don’t think we’re not due up for a Chat later on.”
There’s a horrified croaking noise that is either Tony lost for words or being possessed by a demon, and Steve squeezes Tony’s arm reassuringly. It has the opposite effect, though. Tony starts to lean into the contact, then jerks back the other way.
had more swagger and charm, but it also seemed natural with him, like there was no artifice. There was no denying the ego, but it was tempered with an inherent charisma that made for a potent effect. It was hard to resist genuine, even if it was genuine Trouble.
come!” Thor bursts into the room, Mjolnir raised for battle, and stumbles to a halt, a sleepily befuddled expression on his face. “There is no battle?”
He loves this man, this beautiful, brilliant, flawed but heroic piece of work that does nothing but bend over backwards for him, who gave him a home, gave him a future, gave him his
Regardless, Steve fought himself, discovered Bucky was still alive and—after more delving—discovered Shield was infested with Hydra agents.
This couldn’t be real life. Steve lifted his glasses to the top of head in order to look at Stark unimpeded. “Did you just offer me sex to not write you a ticket?”
Steve panted out a broken moan and let his head fall down into the crook of Tony’s neck, swept up in the blaze of pleasure Tony had produced by lightly rubbing a roughened thumb over his nipple.
By the time Tony gets a hold of Steve again, he has knocked a mugger off a bridge, attacked another swan in defense of a harried jogger, and battled a few members of the local police. The ticket is almost a given, as is the threat of animal control, so Tony figures it’s time to drag Steve back to the Mansion.
Jan blithely steamrolls over Tony’s horrified outburst. “It’s so sweet to see you guys finally together, though! We thought you were going to dance around each other until the world ends!”
He was infuriating and a bit of an ass, but he was also startlingly generous and could be quite kind. He was brash and bold and suave, but also tormented, and insecure, and Steve wasn’t quite sure he’d ever be able to get a definitive read on the man.
Natasha was unfazed with the sarcasm, however, and slotted a slender battery pack into the Widow’s Bite on her left wrist before looking up at him with a slight quirk of her lips. “Vicki from Cryptography has a thing for baritones and loves karaoke. If you ask her out, she’d probably say yes.”
useful with his life. Turned out useful was the California Highway Patrol, because he couldn’t even go back home, oh no. The government had stashed him in California, way on the opposite side of the nation, and left him to his own devices.
Steve reached for his cellphone, unlocked the screen with his thumbprint and tapped on his messaging app.
around. Honestly, Tony hates swans just as much as they apparently hate everyone else, but letting Steve kick the shit out of an uppity duck seems excessive.
with Ty, not at all, but even though their relationship was long over there was no denying the jumble of emotions that his old flame still managed to stir up. Rhodey and Pepper both knew that no one managed to affect Tony quite like Ty; they seemed convinced that there was a very real chance of Ty coaxing Tony into giving their relationship another try (which would be bad news all around), and tended to get antsy when they were together. Tony
, Steve shifted his weight around so that Tony didn’t have to support himself with both hands, and he freed a hand from its death-grip on Steve’s thigh and began to pump his cock in time with Steve’s thrusts, and then Steve’s arm dropped from its hold across his abdomen in order for him to clap a hand over Tony’s and pump with him, and everything was beginning to muddle in his head again until it was just the feeling of Steve around and inside him, an inescapable haze of desire and helpless as he writhed under Steve’s control.
He has to untangle one of his hands from Tony’s hair and slap it over his mouth because he’s past all restraint and tolerance, his moans and groans are becoming louder and louder with every desperate gasp of air, and he isn’t going to risk waking the whole mansion, no matter how good Tony swears the soundproofing is.
Steve’s lips curl in a sinister grin, slow and wicked, as he leans across the table and slides a crystal bowl filled with Andalusian gazpacho towards him.
Tony sinks into the kiss with a relieved moan and grabs on to Steve’s hips, slams back up into him with a shaky cry.
Tony tamps down on the panic that rises and plasters on his best smile. “Of course! Steve here is one of my dearest friends, and I thought he was about to get splattered by Wrecker!”
It screams for blood, for death, when he holds it. His heart pounds and his neck burns and his hands flex, longing to plunge it into Steve’s chest. The urge rises with every burning breath, and Tony realizes with a start that his teeth are gritted.
Steve had settled the collar around Tony’s neck as he spoke, pulling it snug and buckling it with quick, sure, movements. Tony shuddered, hating the way it settled heavily on his neck, with the studs lining the inside ensuring that he wouldn’t just adapt to its presence and forget it was there. No, he was going to be aware of every second of the time he had to wear it, constantly reminded of his mistakes.
Steve whines and shudders as Tony eases his way back up, his lips soft and slick and his hollowed cheeks creating a moist vacuum that causes him to arch up, fighting against Tony’s grip. If he had the serum in him, he could easily break Tony’s grip, could do whatever he wanted, but Tony’s got the advantage, and all he can do is endure and beg for Tony to go faster, not that Tony’s listening at all.
The first clue Tony has that something is wrong comes when he wanders into the kitchen for coffee. Carol, Clint, Wanda, and Thor are huddled over a newspaper, laughing and giggling. Clint sees him first and snickers, then throws up devil horns while wagging his tongue. It’s like the revenge of KISS photoshoots past.
Steve sighed and knocked lightly against the top of the car’s roof.  “Mr. Stark, I’m going to need you to exit the vehicle and perform a few tests for me.”
The car rocked and squeaked beneath them, suspension completely unsuited to the vigorous abuse they were putting it through, and Steve’s frantic cries and pleas were an obscene counterpoint to the ambient noise, making a ruin of the nighttime soundscape.
Tony shifted in his seat, playing it off as a slouch and not the desperate attempt to avoid springing wood it actually was. So, yeah, that 1,500 horsepower had hit him harder than he thought, and with it came a sense of devil-may-care attitude and a heaping dose of raw mischief besides.
Steve smears it into Tony’s skin, his cries reaching a fever pitch as Tony continues to thrust into him. Tony wants to come, wants to fall off this precipice he’s trapped on, but Steve is implacable, urging him on and on as Tony sobs wetly between gulps, lets Steve make a mess,
Luckily, Tony was considerate, and actually really smart, because what he lacked in taking his time, he compensated for in over-generous application of lube and being quick in searching out his prostate. Steve was firmly in support of that sort of efficiency.
Thor clears his throat awkwardly, and all of their attention shifts over to him. “I will away and track down Amora, that she might undo this most foul enchantment.”
Tony throws a hand out as his temper finally frays, and all Steve can think is that it’s better than the damn silence.
Did Steve like having his balls fondled? Not by themselves, but he definitely approved of a light massage against them while Tony played with his perineum. Pressing against it earned Tony shudders, while a gentle rub delivered soft, needy gasps. A tickling drag over it made Steve beg for more pressure, and a harder touch made Steve protest even as he ground down further on Tony’s hand.
Tony’s finger edged back toward the dial, stroking it thoughtfully but doing nothing, obviously waiting for the perfect moment to strike.
Thankfully, Tony had stayed behind, citing conflicting obligations with Stark Industries, so it wasn’t like Tony was primed and ready to go fresh out the armor. He wouldn’t have to disappoint Tony this time.
“Steve, was that--?” Tony’s voice drags off into a wondering moan as Steve takes his marked hand and presses a kiss against it. It goes back and forth between them, the pulses of love and affection as Steve demands more and more of Tony and he answers unflinchingly, always eager to please.
Tony lets out a pained roar of frustration and funnels his tempest of emotion into the fall of his hammer, letting it all pour funnel in.
Steve’s growing sense of bewildered rejection dissipates as Tony hauls him up and back into his arms. A thrill runs through Steve--he
Steve laughed in his ear as Tony beat his head back against his torso, desperate for Steve to touch him, to pump him so that he could finally come because he couldn’t stand it anymore. He was caught on a plateau of sublime torment that would not ebb and would not break, and Steve had reduced him to a wreck and all his gagged screams--and they
Tony jolts and his mind is racing and he’s skirting the edge of something awful, and he realizes his hand is halfway to the salmon tartare and he
As if prompted by his thoughts turning towards goats, Steve trundles away from him and begins to gnaw on the white silk curtains.
Wanda immediately freezes, hand still outstretched, as he leaps backs away from her while cradling his sigil protectively. There’s a flash of concern across the mental bond, and then a protective surge of emotion, and suddenly Steve is in front of Tony, making angry goat noises and brandishing his horns.
“Let me blow you,” Tony demanded, gnawing on his bottom lip as he stared straight at Steve’s crotch. He
“I’m just saying! What, do you want me to ignore that Cap looks like he weighs a buck twenty-five?!” Clint defends himself, looking indignantly around the cluster of Avengers.
“Figures. You always did like riding me.” That damnable smirk is back on Tony’s face, and he can’t stop the blush spreading across his face because
and rather than face it, he’d been selfish and let himself sink into the gentle fuzz of Tony’s emotional warmth. Everyone has been eager to fill him in on the last few days, except for Tony, who has been disturbingly silent and looks like the only thing stopping him from bolting and hiding away four counties over is the fact that Steve is holding on for dear life to the man’s arm.
Tony feeds Steve well, just in case, as if that will somehow make up for the potential horror-show that might be inflicted, then bends down to stroke a hand over Steve’s meticulously brushed hair and sneak in a hug while no one’s around. Hopefully Steve won’t remember any of this if it
Natasha’s bleeding out from her bite wounds. Clint’s in slightly better shape, but he’s bitten and liable to keel over any moment. Hulk stands guard between them and the oncoming vampires, batting them away and smashing the more determined ones into the earth.
He’s hungry. There is food in the fridge, but the thought of eggs makes his stomach twist, the leftovers smell rank and even if they hadn’t gone off by now, his brain shies away from them. He doesn’t want it.
Tony runs a hand over his hair with his free hand, shakes their linked ones angrily, emphasizing his words. “You don’t have
Tony opened his mouth to say something, anything, but Steve placed a finger over his lips. “We’re fixing that, Tony,
Steve tilts his wine glass towards him in a slight salute, as if acknowledging that Tony’s worries are justified, then raises it to his lips, savoring it as he drinks.
The restraint on his left wrist began to give way and tear, and a curl of triumph wound through Steve. Just a little more, and then he was going to tackle Tony and make the jerk fuck him properly, and maybe twice because he was damn well
“No! Don’t let me change into a goat again!” Steve’s voice is uncharacteristically panicked, and Tony can’t fault him for that at all. This has got to be the most disconcertingly weird day he’s gone through since he woke up in the future, and Tony’s not going to be the one to make it worse.
Officer Grant’s expression went stern, and Tony could already feel the lecture brewing. Would this guy be the kind to just tear into somebody and rip them a new one, or would he be condescendingly long-winded? Maybe he would just cuss for a while and storm off--those were always fun. Oh hell, maybe it would be disappointed looks and moralizing about road safety.
Apprehension ran up his spine as he took in the thick brown collar and accompanying length of chain. Three rows of thin raised studs lined the inside of the supple leather, not pointy enough to cause injury, but enough for discomfort. Not that it mattered, in the end. The real issue was the collar itself.
Tony’s eyes prickle with tears, and Steve leans forward and presses a kiss to the corner of his eyes, sweetly teases at Tony’s lips and nibbles lightly at them before pulling back.
Items in hand, Tony leaned into Steve, nuzzling against the side of the man’s neck for a moment just to luxuriate in the scent of cold air and the surprisingly clean scent of Steve. His skin was incredibly smooth, like he shaved especially close and Tony had to wonder just what kind of razor the man was using to get the effect.
No one’s day is supposed to end with them being changed into a goat by a crazed Asgardian stalker with a crush, but here they are. Tony huffs out a long sigh and glances over at Steve again.
Steve stands up, his white shoes squelching as he walks through the spilled “food” to loom over Tony.
It was all too much, the spray of the hot water, the slow teasing and the intense pleasure roiling through him, and Steve rutted against Tony’s hip as he urged him backwards until they hit the wall. Tony wrapped one arm around Steve’s neck and tugged him down into a filthy kiss while his other hand wrapped lightly around his erection.
“Wow, Cap, you look good in Tony’s clothes.” Jan’s blatant topic change and appreciative once-over ends with her glancing over at Tony, who’s fiddling with his cellphone as if that can deter the brewing confrontation.
"The inhaler, it….it makes me dizzy sometimes; it gets ok later, but first and always the dizziness". Steve said and rubbed at his head.
“oh.. oh .. the mighty captain speaks. Let us hear it oh wise captain. Tell me why Natasha’s wedding was ruined.” Pepper said sarcastically while looking at Tony’s broken nose. “ You broke my baby brother’s nose. Tony had a perfect nose now it’s going to be all kinds of crooked because of you” Pepper said then went over to fuss over Tony and check the rest of his damage.
While Steve was, thinking and talking to himself, inside the castle Clint called up Tony just before Steve asked Jarvis to call him.  "Uncle Tony?" Clint said in a small voice.
Bucky's head dropped to the floor. "No ma'am" Bucky then paused for a while then kept talking with a strangled voice again "but I thought it would be sexy? I mean I asked her to send me pictures all the time. I thought maybe if I...you know sent her some, she'll send me back... some" Bucky ended with his hands covering his face in shame, his Ma was talking to him about dick pics and his Pops boyfriend was in the corner laughing at him. Now he really wished the phone would zap him to another dimension.
“Too close, control your man, Nat. Blue eyes is spoken for”. Tony warned and then moved closer to greet Natasha and give Bucky the stink eye.
"Good , don't have any , huh? Oh, we have priority you see, we experienced men" The old man winked at Steve.
The pharmacist pushed the bag of pill away from the counter and took Steve's prescription. "You can whine as much as want, I will not give you those damn blue pills. You will get what I give you and be grateful. “ he turned to Steve and nodded “Yes sir, I'll be right back with your pills". And left Steve.
"Ew , no , no blue pills , they'll mess with your heart medication" the pharmacist said to the old man.
“Stop looking at me like that. I can’t follow you with a mop and bucket all day as well as mop the floor”. Steve looked at Tony and then winked.
Pepper looked at the side of the screen and frowned. "Anthony, corner five minutes. Go". She ordered.
"He's was looking for Clint, but he started to brew a fresh pot of coffee. He says it will be ready in a few if you want to have a break from your work". Jarvis answered.
Steve started talking again, noticing how upset Tony looked. “You know, he really needs to talk to that girl”.
“I’ll listen to what that wacko says, when she buys something. She comes in and touches all my oranges, then walks out. She made me follow her for a whole hour. My hips were in pain and she didn’t even buy any”. Stark grumbled at Steve and then he put on a grin when he noticed his partner’s blue eyes, twenty years and his better half still looks sexy.
"Ha! I knew I could always push his buttons". Tony laughed and then walked out of the lab “you know the drill Jay".
"You're done for the day, Anthony. When I get back, I expect to see a clean man with clean clothes holding a piece of fruit in his hand. Understood?". Pepper ordered and then waited for the answer.
"Tell him he better make mine Irish and I'm coming upstairs". Tony chuckled at Steve's tricks in getting him out of the lab.
"Thank you, it's cause I didn't hit him enough when he was younger. I should have let that bully kick him some more when he was younger, but I digress, So Steve this is what we will do". And the old men kept talking.
"No need Jay. I'll keep you posted. Actually, do you mind patching me to Pep? Thank you". Tony ordered then turned to look at the puzzled Bucky. " The answer lays with the correct question. You need to understand the question before you can answer. Who else is better at knowing Nat than Pep? They're practically joined at the hip."
“What do you mean Bucky got shot!” Natasha yelled at Clint that was now being chocked by Tony. Pepper moved to Tony’s other side and tried to pull him off Clint.
“Oh Bucky baby! You’re alive Clint said you got shot. “Natasha walked over to Bucky that had his leg was in a cast and his left arm was in a sling.
"He says he'll consider it". Jarvis answered back then Added "but he is making his way towards the whisky".
"Umm no? We don't... what?? No dude..no and I have no idea what Pops sees in you. You're a nut case". Bucky said to Tony.
"NO, Just don't touch my things!! Stop it man just stop this." Bucky yelled again and dove to save his phone but not before Tony reached it and unlocked it and pushed Bucky down with his other arm.
“And gave Clint a shiner” Steve said as he pointed at Clint who just left with a young nurse and was already flirting with her.
Clint just frowned at Steve. What a nosy dragon uncle Steve was, first food now his diaper. He kept the frown on his face and got up from his spot on the couch and back into his castle of pillows.
“Clind stool a car dad dodal it.” (Clint stool a car and total it) Tony said while almost shaking in front of his big sister.
“Stop looking at me like that. I just cleaned the floor. You’re going to get them dirty again”. Steve reprimanded Tony.
"Master Tony says, whatever you want he's open to anything." Jarvis answered again. "Might I suggest Italian? Last time you placed an order was about six weeks ago Captain". Jarvis then added.
“It’s the darn thief with his sticky fingers. Keep everything away from him”. Tony yelled at Steve while Steve just waved him off.
"Oh sorry, Master and commander of the universe, who is cooler than Strange and has more PhDs than Reed." Clint said as he waited for Tony to answer back.
Pepper dragged both Tony and Steve by the ear to the other side of the room and gave them both the death glare.” You have exactly one minute to tell me what exactly happened or I’ll toss both your asses out of the house. TALK” she said then crossed her arms over her chest.
Peter frowned but then handed the old man Steve's perceptions and then crossed his arms “You can't do this, you know"
When Tony left Bucky felt the heat getting to him, he never actually talked to Ma about what he and Nat get to when they are alone that was normally his Pops department. "We...um... texted things? Um body parts things and some.... you know what ma? I think I changed my mind. I'm good on this front you can go lead the company." Bucky said in a strangled voice. While Tony kept whooping at Bucky.
"I asked for a day of peace. You couldn't give me one day of peace. You had to pick a fight". Natasha reprimanded as she stood next to Clint and looked at his eye then swatted at his arm when she made sure the eye was ok. “This was supposed to be my wedding day and what did you do on my wedding day? You go and pick up a fight with the rival gang. Over what? What was so important that you had to fight on my wedding day?” Natasha fumed after hitting Clint some more.
Steve looked between the old man and the pharmacist and started to think." Um, shell fish, I ate that once and it made me blow up like the Pillsbury dough boy". He said then scratched the back of his neck.
Steve who was taken aback from this exchange. "I..I don't have kids. I..why did you cut in line just now?".
"But Pep! Come on I'm not even in my headspace. I'm an adult, women. I'm sure there are laws against taking away a man's coffee". Tony protested from his spot in the corner.
“Testing it. That’s all. ” Tony smiled at her and her gentle touch. “Why did you marry the bag-wet hair? When you could have anyone else?” Tony asked Natasha as she gently rubbed at the mark in his arm from the cuff.
Another elderly gentlemen walked in after him and went straight to the pharmacist then called the pharmacist loudly "Move it Pete!” The old man yelled.
"Something tells me that you're giving me your previous experiences. But no. She didn't catch me trying out the iron man suit. That's the thing, I did nothing we were texting, and everything was dandy and then this " he points at his phone.
“He’s in good hands. I swear Nat. I swear to God almighty he is in safe hands. Brucie made sure of it. He was there he even picked the doctors that will work on Bucky. Besides he’s...” before Steve could finish his sentence Clint budded in and said, “We all get shot sometime or another.” As soon as Clint was done talking, this time, Tony jumped on top of the kid and almost beat him to death. “ I’ll bucking dill da kid. You die donight” (I’ll fucking kill the kid. You die tonight) and Tony kept on hitting Clint when Steve pulled him away with one good arm.
"Now you may talk to me. Make it quick. I have things to do". Tony said then snapped his fingers at Clint.
"Make it quick, I don't have all night,” Tony said as he let Clint in and then rubbed his head. “you need a shower. You stink". Tony said as he followed Clint in to the couch.
Bucky turned a bright shade of red and then cleared his throat and fiddled with his ear with his metallic arm. "Um... we were... saying things... not so PG things."
“Day shod ad Bucky and me god him in da arm” (they shot Bucky and me, got him in the arm) Tony they quickly relayed.
“Brucie said your sugar levels are through the roof. Don’t look at me like that. If I ain’t taking the blue pills because of my heart, you ain’t getting those damn muffins.” Tony frowned back but as he was about to start the second round of arguing with Steve the bell rang again.
Steve kept him on his floor, and made Clint share the bed with him and Tony. As Tony left for his lab about four hours ago, Clint had been enjoying playing with Uncle Steve. Now that he had a nice pillow castle in the middle of the living room. He escaped the castle to be pals with the dragon. Uncle Steve always did a very good dragon impression.
"No, it's not. And it sounds like a normal text to me baby, it doesn't sound serious. What was the last thing you guys sent to each other? And Tony honey I can see you reaching for Bucky's phone. Let Bucky answer please". Pepper asked and Tony dropped the phone in Bucky's hand and crossed his arms.
The fourth finger was almost too much to be borne, and Tony’s pleading moans shifted to broken howls against Steve’s palm as he rocked away and then back down, trying to escape the too-intense edge of pleasure and immediately regretting it, missing the low, pulsing roll as Steve massaged him open.
“Just go out there, make sure to look them in the eyes, and don’t stop your pitch no matter what they might do to try to trip you up beforehand, got it?” Bruce says, one last time. Steve straightens his collar, stands tall, and nods, “You’re gonna do great, Steve.”
She carefully asks after his family, about any out-of-the-ordinary voter experiences, his categorically pristine health. She asks if Bucky fucked something up, or if somebody in the news said something that got him particularly riled up.
Steve slowly rises and turns, a wild animal caught by human light rising to the occasion like an organic corkscrew.
“Hey, Rogers. I was wondering- sorry it’s so late. I was wondering if you’d want to meet up again sometime?”
“I’d say you should probably have a clue as to who I am,” Steve says, and yep, there’s the tinge of Brooklyn in his voice. Nat’s gonna kill him, “Considering this is my campaign event. In honor of me. To raise money for my campaign.”
“Oh, yeah,” Tony says, as if he’s somehow forgotten. He pulls a stack of note paper out of his breast pocket, “Just a couple things. Nothing major, I promise. Just stuff that’s easier to do in person, I swear.”
Nat and Pepper had arranged for the two of them to have half an hour alone together, to talk. For Steve to get his head out of his own ass and for Tony to let him.
He does the whole rousing leader thing- conveniently condensed into the time of what is approximately four rings, just enough not to go to voicemail. He ambiguously toasts his full glass into the air, only the tiniest bit of champagne sloshing over the fluted edge, and promptly clambers back down to the ground, fumbling for his phone in the process.
“You seemed to like the canapés,” Steve says, as a vague reminder. Steve himself remembers the conversations and the suits more vividly, but still. The canapés felt like an important part of their exchange.
“I mean- the run thing. I, uh, I do that. And my best friend, Bucky, he uh, always tells me I get up five minutes after he finally falls asleep. So...”
He’s so tense sitting there that Nat imagines she could crack a quarter in half by bouncing it off one of Steve’s broad shoulders. Bucky and Sam look frantically from Nat to Steve, one after the other and back again.
She reads off the rest of the schedule, but Nat knows he’s not listening, too distracted. She might even say he’s lovesick. Goddamn. This stupid motherfucker is going to be the next president of the United States is America.
After that, Nat throws around a couple reasons, like some kind of psychological experiment in which her job is on the line. She tries passively bringing up things that could be affecting Steve’s mood.
It’d be so easy. When he threw his arm out to stop the door from closing all the way, Tony’s whole body had swung closer toward Steve’s with the momentum of it. Steve’d simply have to tip forward just so and- their lips meet.
Steve feels distinctly like a proverbial bucket of ice (ice machines conveniently provided by the hotel not far down the hallway from his room) was just dumped over his head, “How did you find me?”
It’s all very domestic of them, and when Steve has the driveway cleared and all the landscaping primly mulched, Steve wakes Tony up from his nap with a sweaty kiss on the lips.
It isn’t until they reach the dining hall that Tony finally pipes up, a grin on his face, “Seriously, though,” He says, his voice serious and low, “Thanks.”
Almost as soon as they’re out of sight, Nat adjusts in her seat and reads off Steve’s personal schedule. Today’s gonna be a little different.
When Nat finds Steve, he’s pacing outside of the row of hotel rooms the campaign has rented for upper staffing. He’s practicing his stump speech at the ceiling.
“Ohh,” The guy says, finally shoving the canapé into his mouth and swallowing the whole thing with one bite, “You’re that guy. Cool.”
“You want to hear if the other sharks have offers,” Tony finishes for him, eyes burning into steve’s skin, “Don’t worry. I’ll wait.”
Thankfully, Sam slapped Bucky upside the head as surrogate for Steve, who can’t quite reach him from the angle of his seat. Steve turns with a grateful smile from Sam to Nat.
When Steve’s segment is through, Nat is laughing herself to tears. It’s only a side of herself she ever shows in private, when they’re both dressed to the nines in $20 sweat pants their assistants surreptitiously purchased from some nondescript mall. The irony lies in that if Tony ever tried to use the Natasha he witnesses on watch party nights as blackmail, they probably wouldn’t believe him anyway. Her feet rest in lap, ankle over ankle.
Thor (no last name, just thor- like zendaya or adele or bono but four times the size of the average celebrity and with the personality of an overgrown puppy) is known for being from old, old money. So old, that even his frivolous spending problems (emphasis on problem) hasn’t so much as made a dent into his cash. He’s known for investing in companies just as frivolously as he buys his yachts and purses and cars, but somehow he’s so inherently lucky that even though he invests in the companies the other sharks all but laugh off the air, he just about never loses money on an investment. Oh, and he’s also the notorious and very outspoken owner of an adult ‘play’ company that creates facilities with foam pits, trampolines, dodgeball, and rock walls for adults, a resounding success that Thor talks of excessively.
Steve doesn’t give them the satisfaction of turning around as he waves them off behind him aw. He works with a bunch of troublemakers.
Tony holds up a proud pinky finger even as one of the beauticians approaches him with a large, black eyeliner pen, “I’m holding you to that, Rogers. See you later.”
Sharon had been part of his campaign, a young volunteer and recent poli-sci grad from a fancy-schmancy private university that Steve could barely pronounce. She’d been one of the first to throw her support behind his candidacy, way back in the earliest stages of his campaign, and Steve’s been looking forward to working with her more in this new stage.
Tony wraps his arms around himself defensively, “We’re not, or- it’s new, okay? He wanted to thank me for going to the Met with him.”
Instead, Steve watches as Nat crosses her arms and smiles coyly, leans her shoulder in toward Tony, “Stark. Just as charming as ever.”
Nat finds Steve in his hotel room, impeccably dressed and looking only the tiniest worse for the wear. She knocks at the open door and enters his room just as he’s fixing his tie. Her ever-present tablet is perched tauntingly in the crook of her elbow.
“While it’s a pleasure to have a... voice to match to the name, is there a reason you’re calling me?”
Steve looks around like he knows he did something wrong, paint roller dripping idly in his hand. Tony would almost laugh if he wasn’t starting to get genuinely worried.
? Can he use that word? Probably not, but oh well). Steve continues to be incapable of forming proper words.
Together, they watch Steve Rogers, a good man, a boy from Brooklyn, inaugurated into the office of the President of the United States.
Steve reads the menu twice without actually reading the words, and a third time for good measure. By the fourth go-around he commits to reading the posh descriptions of avocado toast and various fruit-flavored smoothie bowls. He’s on his fifth readthrough, slowly deciding on a plain plate of scrambled eggs and a fruit cup, when Tony arrives.
Tony’s eyes are closed blissfully, and he takes his time opening them. Steve’s a perfect picture of anxiety and fear. The soft edges that Tony had coaxed out roughen themselves back into the rigid outline of concentric rectangles that have been squared off as of late by the rigors of the campaign trail.
The next day, Steve and Tony holding hands on a snowy Vermont sidewalk makes front page news. If you look beyond the joined hands and smiling faces that the camera focuses on, Sam and Bucky visibly trail behind the happy couple, and they too share a meaningful smile.
By the time he’s done, Natasha has stopped her cackling and Steve has all five sharks listening raptly to his pitch.
Clint was in his blue onesie and barrowing into Steve's side. It has been day 20 of Natasha's mission. Normally, Clint would have been Natasha’s right hand man. But the group already made him so his cover was blown. So She took Bucky for this mission.
