“Are you kidding?” Sherlock asked, spinning around and gesturing at the desk. “This is it? Where’s all the surveillance equipment, the monitors, the top-secret gadgets? Isn’t there even a gun safe?”
Sherlock all but melts his way to the edge of the bed, slides up and under the duvet, not stopping until he is pressed to John's side, horizontal. He cants one thigh and knee over John's shins in a measured, precise manoeuvre.
“Disheveled?”
Sherlock wanted to argue, but he knew John wouldn't budge on that condition, and he knew, deep down, that John shouldn't budge on it, no matter how much he wanted them to be together. He did a mental crossing of fingers, toes, arms, and legs, and let it go. It would be what it would be, which had to be them together.
Sherlock bit his lip and looked down into the cup of ice and soda in his hand. He wasn’t proud of that year, but he loved that John was telling ‘their story,’ and was doing so with affection in his voice, and a smile on his face.
“Happy anniversary, John.”
“Lord help you.”
There is a minor character death in this chapter, but without graphic description. I want to give fair warning that, well, nature is nature, and nature happens here.
Watson winked at him.
“I don’t know what else to tell you, except that my brain is my most important asset, and I find anything that distracts from my ability to think clearly and process data to be extremely unsettling. The nature of the chemistry work I do now and the work I hope to do in the future is dependent on my brain running at full capacity. Being touched … it derails me, somehow.”
“Is there not?”
John climbed on the bed, pushed Sherlock back, and lowered himself down on top of him.
Each and every one was named Aumārire:
“How would that work, exactly? I get the hives, you get the bedroom? Have I spent so many nights at the desk, or on the couch, that you’ve decided I don’t require a proper bed any longer?”
“Waiter coming.”
They have debated the likelihood that the legend is true, and that the seal tooth stolen from the ice cave is, indeed, the tooth from the legend. They have agreed that they must take action, regardless of the answers to those two questions; to not do so, and be wrong, would be catastrophic. They have come up with, and abandoned, no less than six plans for retrieving the tooth.
Instead of resting, Sherlock stays with John to confer with Cetus about Tui’s progress, and then goes with him to join the healing apprentices as they gather seaweed and food for the injured peng’s recovery. Sherlock enjoys this very much. It is a relief to let someone else be the expert, and he relishes having nothing to explain, only new things to learn and act upon.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “John, I believe these two young ones are the hatchlings that heard me calling for you, and went to find help.”
“Why would I be mad at you?” Sherlock wiggled himself closer to John.
. “We could even pack a lunch and head out now if you want.”
John took a few steps backward, then turned and went to the window. Sherlock followed close on his heels, and when they reached the parted curtains Sherlock sat down in one of the armchairs and held out his hand to John. Standing between Sherlock’s spread knees, John reached down and took his hand. Sherlock looked up at him, memorized the way his face and neck and chest glowed in the diffused light.
“Kevin is one of Mrs. Hudson’s nephews. He lives in Chicago, and she thought we should get in touch with him, see if he’ll show us around, I guess. I haven’t called him yet, and we don’t have to call him. She was just trying to be helpful.”
“You beautiful, beautiful man. My whole life.”
“It was designed by Jeanne Gang, and is the largest skyscraper project to ever be awarded to an American firm run by a woman. It was given the Emporis Skyscraper Award in 2009, and was shortlisted for the biennial International Highrise Award in 2010.
“You make a convincing argument.”
“Just a feeling.”
“Where are we?”
John pulled back, tugged Sherlock’s T-shirt down, and started buttoning his shirt again.
“John Watson,” he mumbles into John's hair, “for god's sake, are you still here?”
“Hmm. Are you sure it wasn't a certain five-year-old girl named Imogen Claire Holmes Watson Ainsworth?”
“Next time I’m going to try just the frenulum, or just the prostate. What do you think?”
“Don’t care. It’s not a proper good morning without a kiss.”
“You saved me, John, and even though I was quite upset at the time, I do understand how much I owe you, and I just want you to know, should I not come back, that you … you mean … the very world to me. And,” she continues, her voice going low, “if I do come back, I hope that we can continue to get to know one another, and continue this very special friendship.”
“Because we're so freaking horny all the time.”
steed-drawn chariot
He knew that John would not lie to him, and therefore he could trust that 1. John was not happy that James was here, 2. James did not know that the house would be occupied, and, 3. James did not come for John. What else did he know? He knew that John wouldn’t turn away a friend in need and, if he were honest with himself, he respected that. Also, John loved him. And he loved John.
“I know that look, Holmes. Come over here, let’s eat.”
but this is neither the time nor the place for me to take you in hand or mouth or arse or armpit or elbow
“Mm, I know, but –”
“Can we eat naked?”
"I'm professionally trained, yes."
“Right.”
tell Clara how you feel. I have a feeling the sentiment is mutual.”
“God, Sherlock. I’m — You’re —“
“I probably should. Do you mind?”
. You are so very welcome.
John made him get out of the tub when the water had gone cold, and his toes and fingers went wrinkly. He’d wrapped Sherlock in towels and patted him down and then just held him close while he dried his hair and back and shoulders.
John released his arms from under his head, and grabbed onto Sherlock’s hair, arching up into Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock ground down onto John’s leg, and sucked harder.
“Any news?” John asked.
John giggled and grabbed Sherlock’s jaw so he could pull him away from where he was nibbling on his neck and give him a kiss. “Mmm. Come here. I need to kiss you now.”
“It went well. There are so many I don't remember, especially of me and John from when we were really young. But of course, I wouldn’t remember most of those.”
“You are. You’re a
Just when he thinks perhaps his father does not understand, Siger speaks.
John laughed. “Yeah, I am.”
“Hey, I had an idea, remember? I want to finish what I started earlier.” John left a kiss on Sherlock’s lower lip, rolled his hips again, and began a slow journey down Sherlock’s body. Sherlock watched him go, intent on memorising the way John looked as he kissed each separate bit of his sprawled body. He captured little snapshots of John hovering over him, his eyelashes framing his cheekbones, the top of his head contrasted against the expanse of Sherlock’s chest, his lips pressing down on his nipples and into the hollow below his ribs.
“Fine. You're on your own, though. I've had my blog for two months, so shall we say that in that timeframe you have to surpass the number I’m at now to beat me? We won’t count any followers I gain after today.”
“What the hell is wrong with everybody? Why must they do this to me?”
“I’m sorry, Tui. That wasn’t very funny, was it? No. But, it will be the best gift ever for John, and me, and you, and Anahera. And for Erebus, too. It will be a legend coming full circle. It will be a sign of hope, the end of one age, and the beginning of the next. We were told that the burden of finding the next
They walked on, the sounds of their boots crunching over the packed snow, clouds of their breath puffing out in front of them, then disappearing.
“You are magnificent. You really are. Is there anything you can’t do and do spectacularly?”
“I was planning on working for a surgery that would have me, not buying my own bloody offices and staff!”
“She’s sleeping, but you and your friend can come be with her now.” Molling looks back and forth between Sherlock and Anahera, and ducks her head low, something awkward written on her face. Sherlock remembers his rushed introductions, which weren’t really introductions at all.
“What are you giggling about, ‘Ping?”
A few notes on penguin mating:
“Scott?”
“Thank you. I want you to know, that is, you should know that I do very much want to pick up where we left off.”
“I was just going.”
"But not brilliant?"
“I don’t know. It makes no sense! She’s accusing me of taking thousands, John, tens of thousands of pounds over the course of the past two years. I would never!”
“I have no idea what you’re talking about, but yeah, this is pretty fucking hard stuff right here.”
“It is. You know that Papa and I lived there with your Mama before you and she and your Dad lived there, right?” John lifts the photo out of her hand and holds it up in front of him, feeling a rush of memory and nostalgia wash over him. Sherlock leans in to get a better look, and smiles.
Sherlock’s laughter was a low rumble in his chest. “Me, too.” He rolled onto his side, and ran his hand over John’s belly. “How many pieces of pie did you eat?”
He takes another sip of tea, his pinky sticking out to the side.
"Not now, please, Mrs Hudson, if you don't mind. Talking about it seems to beckon it back up, and I'd rather not –"
Sherlock got up and moved over to John's side of the table. “I want you to tell me everything you know about penises.”
“Then that’s how long it had been since I had seen my love. I lost him just before your generation was hatched.”
Ignoring John, he listed off more mundane details regarding window treatments, shower curtains, and a new sterilising system for his test tubes. He wanted the flat to be perfect for John when they moved in, not a chore for him to have to deal with. By the time they’d reached the pinnacle of Fonab Hill, both out of breath but still able to comment on the stunning landscape laid out before them, they’d mapped out a thorough idea of what needed to be done to make 221b more comfortably habitable.
Sherlock sat up and backed away from John. His back hit the headboard and he pulled his knees up and wrapped his arms around them. “He has a key? To this house?” Pain started to take root in Sherlock’s temples. “I didn’t realise he was so familiar with the place. How nice for him to have this home away from home.”
John turns to Sherlock and cocks his head to one side.
He takes a deep breath, pulls back his shoulders, nods to himself. John’s resolve?
“I know you are, love.”
“No, he’s never even participated in the calling,” Sherlock responds. “Although can you imagine the type of tone deaf squawking we’d be subject to if he did find his one-and-only?”
is male?”
Sherlock shakes his head. “No. I do not wish to remain on the Shelf any longer than necessary. I wish to conduct my business and return home, soon.”
Peck's Feed and Grain is a real place in the real town I've set this in, but I couldn't find a picture of it anywhere.
“I’m sorry, I should have—”
Mycroft is not about to have his baby brother upstage his very first council presentation. “Perhaps, then, you can answer one of mine. Can you please detail the life stages of an Aptenodytes forsteri for all of us gathered here?”
swaying
“Ohh, John, look at mine!”
“How did he help?”
“Oh, for the love of God. I’ll be in my room with the headphones on. When you’re able, get yourselves upstairs.” Sherlock heard her rabbiting on about how never in her life had she seen two people as desperate for it as they were, and as soon as her bedroom door shut the two of them burst into giggles. When they stopped to breathe they ended up kissing again, hungry kisses that ended in another gasp for breath, and then another bout of giggles.
John’s house was not unlike Sherlock’s, just a mile down the same county road, but it was fuller, brimming with the sounds of family and all their activities. There was always music playing, sometimes music and the TV, and screen doors slamming, the oven timer beeping, the pantry door swinging open and shut on its creaky hinges.
Kevin turned when he heard John and Sherlock come back in the room. “Hey, we were wondering when the two of you ‒ are you okay?”
“I like how smart you are. I like the way you see things no one else can see. I like that you keep your distance until you’re comfortable, you don’t just throw yourself at people, you don’t ingratiate. You have good ideas and fascinating interests and no matter what you do, you do it with determination. You’re honest, steadfast, incorruptible.”
Sherlock made his way down the dark hallway ahead of John, stopping when he got to one of several closed doorways. “You don’t mind if I go in?”
"John.
Sherlock walked and sniffed and squeezed his hands into fists in his pockets, and when he hit the dead end at Commonwealth Avenue he took a guess and headed south. Commonwealth led to Diversey and Diversey took him into Lincoln Park. Diversey Harbor stretched out in front of him, a narrow length of silver and gray ice scored by a dozen or so empty docks, each slip yawning over the frozen surface.
It's a fine, warm day, bright blue and calm, and John breathes in deeply, filling himself with the peace and promise that a day like this brings. He feels a springtide move through him, and relaxes into the youthfulness of it. Imi runs around a bit, looking for lost belongings and faerie dust behind the hedges and under the garden chairs, and John takes another deep breath, so very aware of her newness, her innocence, her entire life spinning out before her, all the twists and turns yet to be discovered. He anticipates a stab of regret that he's so far along his own journey, but it doesn't come. His place in the rise and fall of generations isn't over, not by a long-shot.
The penglings insist on calling them Sherlo-Kimi and Tahu-John, and Sherlock and John stop correcting them when it becomes clear that these names are indelible to the chicks, some integral part of their associations with these two adult emperors, unlikely to ever change.
“We could give each other massages.” Sherlock wasn’t sure what his face was doing, but John stared at him for a few seconds, then his mouth dropped open and he blinked several times.
was by far the forerunner, so he decided to stick with that for the time being.
John rolled his cheeseburger wrappings and napkins into a wad and stuffed them into the empty paper bag, then squeezed the bag into a ball and stood up.
“John, don't be ridiculous! She's excited, not psychotic. She knows it’s yours.”
“The second I knew you were serious about me I ended that,” John explained. “By text. I didn’t even call. Bit rude of me, to be honest, but that’s how insignificant they were to me, okay?”
“Sex stuff?”
“Because he wants to punch him a few more times for insulting me.”
“Oh, right. Well, that happened when I was still interested in the effects of hair follicle stimulation, but I became distracted by the actual hair, and then not just your hair, but my hair on you. See, scientific experimentation should really never be a spontaneous, impulsive endeavor. There are too many potential tangents, too many ways to be sidetracked.”
“I wish I could, but I’ve got some stuff to do.”
John raised his eyebrows and tilted his head toward James. “Apparently, he’s moving in with Annette. The two of them discussed it this morning.”
Sherlock recalled that there was a menu above the counter, a menu with drinks displayed pictorially in neat columns, pots and presses, siphons and beakers, a menu of crisp black design on a white background, but he could not seem to rotate his eyeballs in their sockets away from the beautiful male specimen in front of him and into the vicinity of said menu.
, John and I may very well adopt chicks, and those chicks would be just as much his as any that he produced with a female. He would undoubtedly teach our offspring the skills that they are interested in learning, and in which he specialises. Was that four?
"Yeah, it's been over a month, and I'm posting a chapter now."
Sherlock shakes his head and shrugs his wings. “What would you have done, Johnling, had you known about the tooth, and if the legend is true? What would you have done with that power?”
John had transferred the pillows, quilt, and an extra blanket from the bedroom to the living room while Sherlock got ready for bed, and was stretched out on the futon when Sherlock came out of the bathroom. The tree lights flickered on and off, just catching John in the reach of their glow. Sherlock took it all in, tucked the vision of this time and place in his life into a box in his mind palace reserved for memories of First Big Things. John kissing him at the quarry, John spread before him in the back of the station wagon, Sherlock telling John he loved him in John’s garage, the red Ford pickup truck behind them.
“Not Tui?” Sherlock asks.
,” Erebus announces.
Thank you, happierstill, for proofreading!
“Isn’t it? I used to love coming here as a kid. We’d spend the whole day, go fishing, have lunch, nap, whatever we wanted to do. My parents would bring a bottle of wine and let us run around to our hearts’ content.”
John's answer was a long, low howl.
John lifted the tree into the sunroom and rotated it this way and that per Sherlock’s instructions. When Sherlock gave the final okay John stepped back to Sherlock’s side and said, “Well?”
Mycroft listens as they walk, spellbound, softly tutting at the most important parts of Sherlock’s tale. When Sherlock tells him about the heartstone, Mycroft stops walking and freezes, not moving even one filament of a feather.
Imi had enclosed a drawing of a purple bird, high in a tree, with half an inchworm in its beak. The other half, bloody and squashed, was under the bird's foot. Sherlock had thought it quite brilliant.
“I do, oh, John, I do –”
“If you had kept your mouth shut Victor would have kissed you, but you would have still come to the same conclusions that you came to, and then what? Would you have said something? Knowing you, you probably would have, and I don’t think that’s necessarily a bad thing.”
Then, when he knew he was alone, he let the tears come.
“If what you say is true, this is not the end of the journey.”
licking lips
“The thoughts?”
John's arousal is Sherlock's aphrodisiac. Every time John groans, or ruts, or pleads, Sherlock's own cock twitches and leaks and strains. When John could not possibly be more frantic for release, Sherlock slides back up his body and props himself up on one elbow, then grips them together in one spit-soaked hand, and strokes, tight and hard. He lowers his mouth to John's neck, kisses and sucks the hot pulse there until he can't manage any longer, until they're both careening, and then John is throwing his head back and arching his hips into Sherlock's body, going rigid underneath him, whispering a delirious string of
John wrapped one arm around Sherlock’s waist and tugged him close, and then it was the brush of hair against his legs, coarser along their shins, so smooth where inner thigh touched inner thigh. It was John’s hand stroking his lower back, and the silk of their cocks bobbing against hips and bellies, there, then gone.
John rose up a few inches and slammed himself back down on Sherlock’s fingers, gasping, “Christ, Christ,
Sherlock looks over Lestra’s shoulder just in case he looks at him like he’s a complete penggit, but Lestra seems to be nodding, so Sherlock meets his eye and sees that Lestra does not think Sherlock is a penggit. If Sherlock deduces Lestra’s expression correctly, and he always deduces these things correctly, Sherlock could ask for anything at all, and Lestra would try to give it to him. Sherlock doesn’t know what to do with that.
Kevin and Greg beamed besotted grins at each other. Sherlock knew that look, because John grinned at him like that all the time.
John Watson had a very specific nose shape, Sherlock thought to himself, but he couldn’t find the exact word he was looking for. Was the Champagne interfering with his brain and making it harder to think? He imagined a tide of the fizzy drink washing through the spongy tissue, flooding Broca’s area in the left hemisphere, where language was stored, drowning all the right words like
John flushed, nipple to nipple, sternum to collarbones.
“Thank you.”
Sherlock cupped John’s balls with one hand, fondling them as he made a circle around John’s cock with his other. John watched him, his eyelids heavy, his mouth open, and then he bit his lip, closed his eyes, and let his head hang down. Sherlock kept the hand on John’s cock slow and steady, even as John rolled his hips and tried to rut faster into his fist.
One eyebrow went back up.
“I haven’t read your file.”
John lowered himself down on top of Sherlock, elbows down, arms under Sherlock’s shoulders. He drew his earlobe into his mouth, gave it a gentle tug, murmured in his ear. “What does that mean, everything?”
“Sherlock,” John said, tilting his hips in hopes that Sherlock’s fingers would land on his cock, “You are the most pornographic thing I’ve ever seen. I imagined you, not them. It’s always been you.”
“Not necessarily significant, but sweet. Special. You loved this bear, so I love this bear.”
They giggled their way back into the bitter cold, hailed a cab, and made out in the back seat for the ten minutes it took to arrive at Kevin's building at the corner of Columbus and South Water Street.
“Fuck, yeah,” John whispered.
“Here, I found some for you.” John handed him two matching light blue hankies, then tucked another one into his left pocket so he had a matching pair, too.
Sherlock nods. “Yes, someone from a same-peng couple, because we will not find a male willing to let his partner mate with another male, I do not think.”
I'm sorry this chapter took so long.
John took Sherlock’s hand in his, and squeezed.
Sherlock sat forward and cupped John’s hips in his hands. He swiped his thumbs over the tops of John’s buttocks and squeezed with his fingers. Slipping his hands around to the top of John’s hipbones, Sherlock tucked his fingers into the waistband of his briefs and lowered them to his thighs. John flexed and clenched his fists by his sides. Sherlock watched as goosebumps rose over his bare skin, all the tiny hairs across the base of his spine rising, then he smoothed his hands down John’s back. He didn’t stop until his palms were pressed to the undercurve of John’s ass, his fingers splayed over the fullness of his cheeks.
“Excellent.”
“Obviously.”
Now shock replaces sentiment in Sherlock's throat. Is this what their world thinks? Is Erebus and Selvic’s story, and the resulting fallout, that well-known, as to have become the foundation for species-wide speculation?
They walked through the rest of the downstairs, noting all the small changes that made such a large impact. The previously unused game room had been turned into an office and some of the books from the sitting room and library had been moved to bookshelves repurposed from somewhere else. Sherlock made a note to come back and explore the titles later. The kitchen was mostly the same, save for an updated backsplash and dishwasher. Despite having a perfectly functioning formal dining room, Sherlock knew the kitchen would remain the heart of the house and where they took their meals. He and John pulled out their usual chairs and sat down when Annette pushed mugs of tea across the table toward them.
“It felt awful. We should have makeup sex.”
They pushed back from the table, chairs scraping across the floor, and made their way to the side door. Mrs. Hudson waited while they zipped up, and for Sherlock to grab his bag, then she pulled him down and kissed him on the cheek, and then kissed John, too.
This was their way until the Reckoning. No one knows any longer in which colony it happened, on what part of the continent, or during which age, but all are sure that it did happen, and that they still collectively bear the consequences.
“Tell. Me.”
“Please, oh God, please.”
“I bet you stink.”
He turned the envelope over and noted the familiar return address:
pay utility bills
“I know you do. I love you, too. Let's go in. We can have tea and sandwiches for dinner. You can tell me what you think of the last chapters, and we can watch an old Bond flick.”
“So, then I had a real glow-fish moment, John, and I realized the star on the tooth was a clue, and so of course then it was completely
“What are you going to do?” John’s left knee was jiggling up and down, and his fingers were tapping out a frantic pace on the naugahyde seat.
Holmes Watson and Ainsworth have selected the Riviera neighborhood of Santa Barbara for ICVOC's headquarters and facilities, and have recently employed the services of Hastings and Turner, Inc. to turn a private, re-zoned, residential property, into approximately 14,000 square feet of therapeutic space.
Anahera snaps her head up and stares at him, then comes to life. She jerks up, one wing resting over Tui’s heart, and nods at him. “Yes. Snow, to stop the bleeding. I’ll do this. Where will you — John, Cetus — please Sherlock, hurry!”
“Oh, fuck, yeah.” John started squirming.
Sherlock pulled back and tilted John's head up to look him in the eye. “Who else knows you're here?”
“Can I borrow a T-shirt?”
He doesn’t want to wake the other pengs in the huddle. He knows by now that he can trust Molling, Lestra, and Stamfjord, but still he has no idea what to make of Irena and Janine. And Anthea? No. She mustn’t hear a single word of what he has to say.
“And why would you do that? She's our daughter, not a double agent.”
John circled and teased, swiped and wriggled, and Sherlock sucked on the pad of his thumb and let out one long, loud whine. John gentled him with a soft shush and pierced him with the tip of his tongue. This is filthy, Sherlock thought. This is divinely filthy and perfect and how can this otherwise forgotten, diminutive part of him be so powerful, so overwhelming, so all-encompassing? Words bubbled up from some primal place as Sherlock started to pant. “Oh, sweet Jesus. God. John. Fuck.”
“I’m rimming that gorgeous ass of yours, mixing saliva with sweat, and then I push a finger in –”
“I can’t ask James to leave until I know he’ll be safe. Help me figure out who’s after him. If we can figure that out, he can go home, or leave here at the very least. Please.”
Sherlock sat next to him and squeezed his knee. “You realize you didn’t actually hurt me, right? No concussion, nothing like that.”
“Sherlock the
“I contacted Steven Phillips this weekend.”
“No, John. We need to save them from themselves. And after, we’ll go someplace quiet, okay?”
“Not as good as you.”
Sherlock waited until the truck was out of sight of the house before sliding over and running his hand up John’s denim-clad thigh.
John sighed. “For what?”
“Keep going.”
Note: Berkeley is ranked #20 overall in national universities, but #1 for public universities. There are also rankings for regional universities, but let's not go there right now.
“The island?”
“Va bene, Sherlino. Va bene.”
Anahera’s bill falls open.
“Here.” Kevin tossed their clothes on top of them. “I promise I won’t look.”
When he is done, he thanks them for their time, and explains that he must be on his way. He has a prophecy to fulfil.
Anahera assists them as a member of the colony, but not in her official capacity on the Council. She tells Sherlock and John that each Council member is aware of John and Sherlock’s efforts, but assures them that none of the members have initiated an agenda item about the matter, or expressed any negative opinions. They are all waiting for word from the High Council regarding adoption protocols, but until that time, this under-ice network of pengs helping pengs seems to be their best option.
“Three hours, then we’re on to our next stop.”
“No! That's not going to keep people from looking in the window!” John laughed but ran his hand up Sherlock's leg and let it rest, fingers curled, against his inner thigh. Sherlock scooted forward in his chair until John's knuckles were brushing his groin.
“Warmer?”
“I have no idea. I wasn’t even working the door at that point, it made no sense. I said no. He wouldn’t let it go, though.”
Mummy was sat on the edge of a sofa and patted the empty space next to her. At first, Sherlock thought she meant for him to sit there, perhaps thinking that sitting by his mother would help soften the blow, but she looked at John as she did so and John nodded and took his place next to her. Sherlock sighed and took a seat in one of the wing-backed chairs next to the sofa, closest to John. He should be a part of the breaking up conversation, too, shouldn’t he?
John pressed his thigh to Sherlock’s.
wincing
Sherlock experienced a brief sense of connectedness with the Major. He wasn’t unlike Sherlock had been before he met John. He had led a life mostly unto himself, cut off from other people, shunning social interaction and sticking to his own rigid routines. He hadn’t become a social butterfly after meeting John, but John had opened doors he never would’ve considered looking for on his own. Even when they stayed in and pottered about, Sherlock found he’d grown accustomed to having company, someone to talk to, or eat with, or sit near while they each pursued their own interests. Being with another person created a circular dynamic of interpersonal energy and awareness. Sherlock was glad for it.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’ve been to the ice cave before?”
John kissed his forehead but pulled away. “I’m not sure I’ll be able to focus, to be honest with you. I don’t really want to think about James and death threats when we’re having sex.”
“I don’t give a toss about Irene Adler, John. You told me to get on with it, to stop wasting time, because time was precious. Is that right?”
John rolled his eyes and Jessica quirked an eyebrow. “Well, first of all, happy birthday! Second, I find it hard to believe that he won’t kiss you. Third, John, please kiss Sherlock.”
Next, he picked up the box that he had created just that night for the conversation they'd had, the one where they’d danced around the question of a marriage proposal, with words like
“Driving me insane.”
"Tell people in notes that I said to grab a fire extinguisher before reading because spontaneous combustion is likely."
John giggled and rubbed his thumb over Sherlock’s knuckles on the bench between them. “It really is sort of a coming out party, if you think about it. But no, of course not. This is different than decorating, though. Moms dream of this stuff from the time they first have kids, or so I’ve been led to believe. And it’s only one day, albeit a really big one.”
✓ delete information about personal space
“Well, that’s good, isn’t it, that things are moving quickly? Where are they going tonight?”
“Inside that head of yours.”
, Sherlock thought.
from U.S. News. (September 2016)
Sherlock waited until they were ten yards from the restaurant before crowding John up against a plate glass window, encasing his face in his hands, and kissing him blind. John smoothed his hands up the inside of Sherlock’s unzipped coat, up to his chest, and rubbed his thumbs over Sherlock’s nipples.
“See? You like justice.”
John came back into the living room, carefully carrying their coffee. Had Sherlock already had the coffee in his hand, he’d undoubtedly have spit out a mouthful as John’s rear end came into view, with one corner of the blue dish towel tucked into his left pocket, and another corner tucked into his right.
“I want to return the favor, I just need a minute.”
“You must wonder what happened,” James said.
A small, brown and grey feather drifted down and landed near Sherlock’s foot. He snapped his mouth closed, sure he’d said too much.
steadfast, unwavering, resolute, committed, dedicated, unswerving
“Bloody hell, yeah you do.” John kissed him on the top of his head. “Didn’t want to swallow?”
He walks several miles, until there is nowhere else to go. The water is grey and murky below him, the white caps small and lazy from where he sits on this outcrop of ancient rock. The sky is still bright, though, clear and sharp, and the place where the two elements meet is a crisp line of two variations, definitive, unchangeable. He keeps his sights on that horizon, and he thinks about Sherlock, and he makes up his mind to keep his sights fixed on him, until his mind clears and settles.
“I love you. Always have done. Won’t likely stop, either. I thought, maybe, we could restart here, the way it might have been from the beginning, had we not both been such complete idiots.
for him.
as Watson's balls slowly go blue
Sherlock leaned closer to his husband and, eyes on John, opened his mouth wide. John guided the bread between Sherlock’s lips and let the tip of it rest on his tongue. Sherlock bit down and chewed, feeling the textures of the moist bread and creamy butter mix on his tongue. It was sweet and tangy and he was still staring at John as he hummed in appreciation and swallowed.
“You’re just jealous,” John said, pushing back from the table and adjusting his jeans.
“Um, well, more than friends, obviously, and I'd have to say, even though we haven't discussed it, we’re, you know, together, like boyfriends, not
"May I ask you a question?"
The bakery was in a narrow space at the front of the restaurant, with limited room to look at and select from the assortment of sweets. They waited in line for a few minutes, and by the time they were being asked if they could be helped, John had narrowed down his options to a banana cream eclair, a piece of black forest cake, and a raspberry bavarian cream.
Also, here's some information about the restaurants Greg talked about:
“You're incredible. What about me? What do you see?”
John passed the bacon, and pulled the plate of pancakes closer. Sherlock poured orange juice for himself, John, and Mr. Watson, and put some bacon on his plate.
“So I’ve been told.”
“Just leave the laundry to me, dear, and I’ll take care of it. There are fresh sheets on your bed and clean towels in the bathroom. We’ll have an early supper tonight because I’ve got bridge club at Kathy’s, okay?”
“God, Sherlock. What else? What else have you been thinking about?”
, whereas John wanted to see the
With that, he rolled through a slow grind, got off the bed, and ran a hand through his hair. He checked himself as he walked into the kitchen: tousled hair, lots of bare skin, minimally buttoned shirt, miles of legs. Eat that, John.
“Lie down on the towels for me, John. Keep your arms behind your head. Legs down, straight.”
“Mmm,” John said, rubbing his lips against Sherlock’s sternum. “So maybe there?”
“Close your eyes.”
“All right. Thanks, Holmes.” Lestrade coached the team on plays for the second half, and Sherlock stood to the side, trying not to stare at Watson’s thighs. Padded as they were, it was hard to accurately estimate circumference and muscle mass, but based on what he’d seen in the gym earlier that day, John had been taking his workouts to the next level.
Sherlock lowers his head to his chest. He closes his eyes and takes a deep breath, then opens his bill. He sings back to John, calling with his heart, which is so full it may burst. He calls and he calls, and when he is out of breath, he lifts his head, and he opens his eyes.
“You were embarrassed in there.”
Not everyone is this intrusive. Molling and Lestra, Stamfjord and Cetus, all of the elders, come to simply hug them and wish them well. Sherlock gets the impression that Olive could not care less where the egg came from. A skua could have dropped that egg; all she knows is that she's going to be a grandmāmā. Siger has sent word to Mycroft; whether or not his brother can return home to greet his niece is something Sherlock tries not to think about.
One of those incorrect assumptions was tucked into the bill folder that Paul delivered at the end of their meal. Fidgeting, looking like he’d rather be anywhere else, he set it between John and Sherlock, tapped it a few times, and said, “Please don’t be mad at me, but the silver-haired gentleman two tables over, with the cerulean blue turtleneck asked me to deliver a note, so I tucked it behind your check. Just, you know, no reason to shoot the messenger and all that.”
They swim to shore, stand in the surf, take some time to observe what is no longer hidden. No more hiding, no more seeking. Found.
“I admit to not being prone to bouts of sentiment. Some would argue that I’m not
“You never know, John, the polar cap may still melt in our lifetime.”
“A talisman.”
Thank you, happierstill!
. Siger smiles at him, and nods his head a fraction of a degree, and Sherlock understands. John waited for everyone to return, but he specifically waited for Siger, their leader. And now, it has begun, and John is the very first one.
John tucked his fingers under the waistband of Sherlock’s briefs and slowly inched them down. “It was the summer before last, after we graduated. It was so damn hot all the time, and we went to the quarry just about every day. Remember?”
He steals a glance at John's hands, still resting on the table between them. They are not clenched. They are not pounding the table. They are surprisingly relaxed, one index finger tapping lightly an inch or so from the edge of the folded fax. John isn't angry. Sherlock slowly brings John back into his field of vision.
“We’ll see.” Not taking the bait, Sherlock grabbed a shopping basket and headed down the right side of the store. John wandered behind him, picking up random sample products and sniffing as they went.
Sherlock and John aren't chicks anymore, but they aren't adults, either, and their markings reflect that. They are still black and white, without the orange bits. When I first started writing this, I couldn't find good examples about what juveniles would look like, so I went ahead and gave John his coloured bill. Turns out, I was ahead of myself. That's okay - I'll just invoke my right to artistic freedom.
“John was one of the first to hatch last winter, and I was the next day. We won’t be able to celebrate together. Not this winter.”
“No. Mrs. Hudson told me to wait and I didn’t. I should’ve listened to her.”
He’s pressed up against John now, insinuating himself between his sleeping
Imi grins, complicit in their plan. If Mama asks if she had ice cream before lunch, she can say 'no' and not feel bad about it. But even if Mama finds out that she had ice cream for lunch, she'll just shake her head and smile and say, “Really, you two?” and Papa will look at her like he doesn't know what she's talking about, and Granddad will run a hand over his face and say, “Do you see what I deal with here?”
“No?”
“The idea is that you wear whichever of these you want, and I cannot touch anything covered. See? You set the pace, you do what feels best to you, and we don’t even have to talk about it. You’ll never have to tell me that something is too much, or that you aren’t okay with what we’re doing. You come to bed dressed however you want and I respect those boundaries. You can come to bed in all of it if you want. Whatever you want.”
Sherlock flicked his tongue over John’s left nipple, and John sucked in air, fast and loud.
“All right, I’m off to find your father and take our seats. Oh, and Sherlock?”
John stared at his plate, sighed at his half-eaten meal, then pushed it a fraction of an inch away and sat back in his seat.
“Improbable. Good thing you're as strong as you are cute.”
They take turns carrying the heartstone. It’s light, but larger and bulkier than the tooth Sherlock had become so used to. They have no seaweed, so sometimes they hug it tight, heart to heart, and sometimes they press it low, between wingtips and bellies. Only once does Sherlock attempt to jostle it forward on the ice with his feet, but Tui says, “Absolutely not, Sherlock
John doesn't mind. John stares at Sherlock with wide eyes when Sherlock talks about the giddiness of the rockhoppers, and his encounter with Nikau of Anahi, and the first time he set eyes on Anahera. John’s bill falls open when Sherlock tells him about meeting Pōrangi, and communicating with the gods, hidden in their starlight, and John absolutely gapes when Sherlock tells him about visiting Pobeda in his sleep, and the visions he had of him and John sharing news of their respective days. Sherlock does not tell John about the more painful visions he had, not yet. He will. He is loath to introduce any topic that might make John frown while they are both so happy to be reunited.
“Oh, Sherlock, how can you even ask me that?”
“And does he fall asleep fairly easily, and within a reasonable amount of time?”
“That’s absolutely unacceptable, don’t you think?” John was on top of Sherlock now, kissing his way down Sherlock’s body. “Twenty-two days,” he said, kissing Sherlock’s sternum, “is at least twenty-one days too long, if you ask me.” He kissed Sherlock’s belly button, and kept going. “A man needs what a man needs, and what I need, is your beautiful prick in my mouth, on a daily basis.” He kissed Sherlock’s right hip, then his left hip, then nosed his way into Sherlock’s pubic hair. “Do you think you can accommodate my needs, Sherlock Holmes?”
Once Daniel Cotter contacted James, which he did in record time and with great enthusiasm, James established a day for their first date and recommended a hotel for his stay, then relayed that information back to Sherlock. Sherlock and John spent an afternoon surveying the hotel, taking note of all entrances and exits, lines of sight, and staffing schedules, but John drew the line when Sherlock announced his plan over breakfast to break into Daniel’s hotel room to gather as much information as possible.
concealed, only waiting
Sherlock tilts his mouth up for a kiss, stopping just short to whisper, “Do you have any idea how filthy that sounds, John?”
“I’m sorry, Sir, I didn’t mean to insult them. It’s just hard to imagine a parent messing things up so badly.”
“Oh, God,” Sherlock said again. John was taut as a tightrope in his lap, hovering in the space between them, straining toward release. He held onto John’s cock underwater and jerked him as fast as he could, his bicep flexing, his forearm twitching with the movement of his wrist.
“Whatever.”
1. (noun) sea egg, common sea urchin
Sherlock followed John outside and set his wine down on the worn wooden table so he could pull out a chair, but John waved him off, moved a chair into a sunny spot on the terrace, and sat down in it himself.
“I know you don’t mind, but it’s a lot of money. What’s the least expensive of the hotels on our list?”
“You did great.”
“Large? A large coffee.”
He set the kitchen table and opened a bottle of wine, then sat down with a glass and waited for their dinner to heat up in the AGA. He was still feeding his intellect, of course. That would never stop. But now, with the additional experience of loving and being loved, of being responsible to someone else and allowing that person to be responsible for him, Sherlock better understood the power of his emotions. Now, he let them tamp and balance his intellect. It was one thing to know that the shopkeeper was having an affair with his accountant, it was an altogether different thing to destroy the shopkeeper’s wife’s life by telling her. Sherlock no longer let his intellect run roughshod over emotional engagement. By fully experiencing his feelings for another person, for John, his intellect was more likely to stay put when necessary.
, I remember.”
“I was crazy about him. I spent an inordinate amount of time imagining what it would be like if he touched me, if he kissed me, if we were, you know, together. And then, one day he did. He touched me. We were sitting on the bank of a small stream near his house. It was warm and we’d been out most of the day. I remember that I was sweating and my shirt was damp and sticking to my back. His was, too. I thought he was beautiful like that, breathing hard from our hike, his clothes clinging to him.”
Siger turns. He cranes his neck up to the sky, his body elongating, his wings momentarily lifting. He shakes his head, feathers rippling and resettling from head to toe, and he nods, just once, and walks away.
“Sorry, Sherlock, too late. How’s he being mean to you?”
“It’ll be the last one. It’s almost nine and then—“
Mycroft swallows and blinks several times in a row.
“The egg is moving.”
She turns to make sure that Mycroft is following, then slips her wing under Sherlock’s. “Many think that I am
“To me, it only made sense that we would take those answers from the stars. We have little else while we endure the long, harsh winters, with no food, no shelter, holding an egg on our feet. How do we not give up? We look to the stars, and the stars give us our past, and our past gives us something to hold on to, for the future.
, a constellation in the southern hemisphere, meaning 'sail of ship' in Latin
“Our minds are mysterious, aren’t they? I have travelled far since I’ve held the tooth. I have gone home, to John, and I have been to the ocean’s floor, and met Pōrangi, and to the sky’s ceiling, and met the gods, and in doing so, I have sought my own answers.
By their third round of alternate macchiatos, which they’d decided they preferred to cappuccinos, they were covered in croissant crumbs and coffee foam, slightly bouncing, and in deep conversation with the customer who’d been laughing at them. A local who had lived in the neighborhood for several years, he answered their questions about things to do, and helped them figure out which bars were more their speed, and which to stay away from. Although neither wanted to spend the night half-naked and sweaty, grinding against complete strangers on a packed dance floor, they did want to dance to good music, people watch, and have a few drinks.
He rested his forehead on Sherlock’s shoulder and began thrusting, everything still but his hips and ass, his thighs clenched, his lower back flexing.
(See the end of the chapter for
John wiped his fingers on a stack of napkins and picked up the first french fry. He examined it, tipped his head toward Sherlock, and popped it into his mouth. Sherlock steepled his fingers under his lower lip and watched John pick up, inspect, and eat the fries.
“Atutahi?”
He’d already muddled up the results of the hair follicle portion of the study, by not keeping his focus limited to the hair on one part of John’s body, and then he’d gone and added his tongue to yet another body part, which happened to have
Sherlock nudged his head up and down on the pillow.
“No, it was amazing for me, too. Watching you, I can’t begin to tell you how incredible that was.”
“Fucking git.”
“There wasn't a linen –”
John winces. He nods.
Sherlock closes his eyes.
“Like what?”
“Yeah, I’d like to know that, too,” Mary said, blowing some fringe out of her eyes before resting her cheek on the floor.
John looked away from Sherlock and shook his head. “No. No, not at all. What was horrible was that I had told my mom several times not to try to set me up, but I hadn’t told her why, and she wouldn’t take ‘no’ for an answer. I knew from the onset that it would be a waste of your time, but couldn’t just come out and tell you. I’m the one who should be sorry.”
Sherlock put his glass down with a loud clink and scowled. “How dare you talk about yourself that way!”
“I swear to God, Sherlock.”
“Wait, wait wait wait just a second. Stuff? What stuff?”
“They like it? Why do they like it? It makes no sense out of context. You haven't explained the nature of the experiment, or the difficulty I had obtaining a pig bladder infected with hepatitis, or the importance of reaching a critical mass of maggots. This makes no sense without all of that other information.”
No one says a word as they pass, twelve of them, twelve emperors of distinction, each of them bearing the nature of their responsibility like an invisible cloak, heads held high, chests wide, wings straight by their sides. Sherlock wishes John could see this. He tries his best to memorize every detail of their forbearance and civility, their grace and fortitude. Rarely has he seen a sight as impressive as the Intercolonial Emperor High Council.
John shifts as close to Sherlock as he can, and tilts up on his feet. The egg rolls forward, then John leans into Sherlock and places his wings on Sherlock’s for support. Together, they nudge the egg until it sits on Sherlock’s feet, and then he leans down and uses his bill to press it into his pouch.
The rules are simple. Lestra throws an ice chip into the water and counts down from three to one. On his count, a peng jumps into the water, finds and retrieves the ice chip, and resurfaces. The fastest peng wins. The ice chip, of course, gets smaller and smaller each round, making it harder and harder to play. The last peng to find the ice chip before it melts away, is the first runner up.
On the fifth day home, John and Sherlock drove into town, parked near Town Hall, and had lunch with Sarah. She had picked the same small café that John had taken his mother to when he'd been home for Thanksgiving. On the short drive into town, John relayed that his mother had brightened at the news that he was having lunch with Sarah, then soured again when he told her that Sherlock was joining them.
This was what they had done every year since the year after the accident. When Mycroft was still living at home, they would stay at the Watson’s on Christmas Eve until no one could keep their eyes open anymore, and then Mrs. Hudson would drive them home. Mycroft would make his way upstairs, and Mrs. Hudson would tuck Sherlock in, and stay nearby until she was sure he was asleep. She would arrange their gifts under the tree, and crawl into her bed, setting the alarm for
Sherlock snaps his head toward the peng hissing his name. Mycroft, of course.
The microwave beeped, and Sherlock took the bowls out and put them on the table. He looked at John, standing near the chair he always sat in, looking back at him, so sad, so sad for him, for what Sherlock had lost.
“Enough, Sherlock. Enough. One day we’ll know more about how traits are passed down in families, and then you’ll know that you were responsible for keeping John from doing the right thing. And then you’ll have to live with your guilt.”
“No,” Sherlock added, “but the guy they’re talking to now does, and based on body language, personal space perimeters, and facial expressions, I’d say the taller one is beginning to suspect that his boyfriend and the other guy are having an affair.”
“I’ve got this, John. Hank, what is it you didn’t think I’d do? Raise a son to love someone fully? To treat people with kindness and respect? Or maybe you thought I’d raise him to not be affectionate in public? To not use terms of endearment? That make him a sissy to you, Hank? ‘Cause I’ve seen you out with your wife, Hank, and seems to me you’re pretty affectionate with her.”
“Your crotch, too, John.”
“Unrestrained?”
Sherlock glanced at John, then at Mr. Watson, and said, innocent as all get out, “How much do you think we got, sir?”
He slid down John's body and let John arrange his legs against Sherlock's back and between his calves. He rested his head in the hollow of John's hip and nuzzled into the soft cotton under his nose, where John smelled like sweat and musk and that very best thing of all, John. He rested his free arm on the top of John's thighs, elbow bent, and slipped his hand under John's pants, with his thumb in the crease of thigh and groin and his fingers splayed toward his hip.
Molly waited for the grinder to stop growling before she said, “And to what end? Doesn’t hooking up ever get old?”
Sherlock lay down at John’s side again but kept his hand where it was. As soon as his head hit the pillow John pressed their chests together, wrapped his leg around Sherlock’s hips, and kissed him. Every few seconds he stopped long enough to say something, little outbursts like
“Sher – Sherlock?”
“Done.”
Sherlock nods, and Erebus steps to Sherlock’s other side, taking Anahera’s weight under his wing.
“Because anything other than going back to our room is boring.”
“Amazing. That’s fantastic.”
John hummed low and deep in his throat and bobbed his head faster. His fingers tightened around Sherlock’s shaft, the side of his hand brushing rhythmically through Sherlock’s pubic hair, sending tiny shock waves through the follicles.
“It is to begin.”
John wiped his hands on a wad of napkins, and passed Sherlock another piece of pizza. "That’s pretty cool.”
“We had to leave Pobeda, for his privacy, Sherlock.”
“I have no words for how magnificent that was,” John said, one arm flung up over his head.
It was
, Sherlock, she has already left.”
The bathroom door opened and John stepped out, turning off the light behind him. Sherlock stared. Sherlock hadn’t stopped to wonder if John would also wear the wedding garments, but of course he wasn’t. John was wearing a pair of soft-looking pyjama bottoms and nothing else. His chest was bare, and it was glorious. He was fit from his time in the army, and tan, and he had a spattering of blond hair between his nipples, which were pale pink and erect. And there, below John’s left shoulder, was the scar that Sherlock had been waiting to see. It was small, like a miniature moon crater of smooth, shiny skin, and Sherlock could not drag his eyes away.
–” Sherlock heard John jerking himself off behind him, fast and furious, and then felt lashes of come stripe his back.
, and he hopes he has not missed her arrival. It's time to go home. Sherlock thanks the sea for her bounty, and he goes home to his family.
“Come on, let's go home. Leave the gun, take the cannoli.”
“Besides,” Sherlock said, “interviewing is very much below Mycroft’s pay grade. He detests field work. Why do you want to talk with Annette?”
“Sherlock, there won’t be time when they get here. I love you so much. You know that, right? How much I love you?”
“Thank you. Please continue.” John came closer and bumped his nose into Sherlock’s cheek, corrected course, and found his lips. The kiss was slow and sleepy, and Sherlock kept on with his fondling and rubbing of John’s backside, and thought about the things that John liked to do to Sherlock’s own backside. He’d yet to do those things to John, and wondered if he’d like doing them, and if John would like them done to him.
John had Sherlock's briefs pulled down low, binding the tops of his thighs.
and not
Thank you, ME, for persevering and getting it done despite the depression, and life, and surgery, and all that stuff. I did it!
“Thank you. Would you like to get going, or maybe have a drink here first?”
“She did. It was … nice.”
John talking to Sherlock’s penis should not have been this arousing. It should have been ridiculous. It was anything but. His cock continued to flood, and his hips gave an involuntary lurch.
"Oyster."
“And this is only one of six libraries on this campus, John.”
mother, aunt
“I wasn’t sure if you believed my deductions. Remember when you tried your wing at it, and deduced that a young female peng was pining for her macaroni penguin
I don't have a lot of peng images for this chapter, but I do have this 29 second
“You're staying on the outside so you can sneak off in the middle of the night and get yourself into trouble.”
“That’s good. It’s good to have someone to feed you up.”
He shudders and John chuckles and leans in closer. Sherlock begins to catalogue ways that he can make John laugh again.
Sherlock let the hot water soak through his bedhead curls and stream down his shoulders and back. He smiled as he sudsed up, thinking about spending this day with John. It would be the first of either of their birthdays spent together since they’d become more than friends. John’s birthday was March 31, and although Sherlock was looking forward to spring break, he was disappointed that the week of vacation would fall two weeks earlier than John’s birthday.
It was then that Mummy sent the hounds to find them, marking the end of their alone time. On the way back to the dining tent Sherlock began telling John all about the case he’d been solving in Dartmoor, and that story carried them through the first three courses of their meal, at which point they were interrupted for telegrams, emails, and toasts.
“Yeah. Sure. I appreciate it and I’d like to show you just how much,” John said, holding Sherlock’s intense eye contact without looking away. It was too hard to tell if Sherlock was blushing in the artificial light from the screen, but he blinked at John as if his brain had gone momentarily offline so John straightened, licked his lips, and called over his shoulder. “I’ll make sure to make it extra sweet, Mr. Three Sugars.”
"She has."
“Steven Phillips, your publisher? That Steven?”
He feels a bit foolish as he approaches, but Pavo and Vela are still talking with Erebus, and Hudi has stopped fussing over Lestra and has moved on to glaring at Moringa, so the time is right.
“Shall we?”
The coffee cup was pleasantly warm and grounding in his hand as he exited the coffee shop. Once outside he took an approving sip of the admittedly delicious coffee, checked the time, and started walking toward the chemistry building. He hadn’t gone very far when he heard a voice behind him call out his name.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Is it because I'm short?”
“Yes, everything is fine. Good day at work?”
John waited. Sherlock appreciated that he wasn’t trying to reassure or placate him.
“What'd you do to him, Sherlock?” Greg managed to smirk and take a sip of his mimosa at the same time.
“You know, this is only our seventh night together,” Sherlock murmured across the pillow from John. “In the same bed, I mean. Sleeping together.”
They gathered up their empty cups and used napkins and dumped everything in the trash on their way out. Zipping up coats and wrapping scarves, they said their goodbyes and promised to keep in touch.
“John,” Sherlock said. “I think maybe you should leave now.”
“Absolutely not.”
"Follow you? That was for
Sherlock grabbed John by the shoulders and pushed him down, lowering himself on top, rubbing their cocks together for a moment before sitting up straight over John’s hips. Sherlock took John in hand again, swiping the excess oil up his shaft toward the tip before pressing it to his body. He spread his knees more, curled his hips, and sank down.
Erebus bumps to his belly and toboggans down the snowdrift, calling hello to John as they pass each other.
“Well, it’s only the 20th. You've still got a little time.” John smiled at Sherlock as he said it, knowing very well that Sherlock was bursting to flee the food court and get out of the mall.
“Would you like to use the bathroom first? I can change out here while you’re in there.”
“What you'd feel like – in my hand.
Sherlock chuckled and kissed John again. “Later.”
“I forgot how good you smell,” Sherlock said, breathing in. “How do you always smell so good?”
“I know. I do. But you must come back, Sherlock. You must be very careful, and you must come back.”
Hello, dear readers, KarlyAnne here.
Sherlock wakes himself with an enormous yawn, and surveys the sky for the sun’s position. The day is already underway, but he feels surprisingly tired for having had such a full night sleep. John is still snug up against Sherlock, his wings slotted under Sherlock’s, his head resting on Sherlock’s shoulder.
John says goodnight and rolls over to give Sherlock whatever space he needs, and to put this shitty day behind him. There’s no rustling, no flipping the covers back, no huffing. There’s stillness. Stillness, then a quiet voice.
John wonders how many beds are in their one room. What he says is, "Could murder a curry right about now."
“Where else am I going to get to try a Belgian fruit beer with 8% alcohol?”
Almost immediately he received two asks from
“Eventually, yes. However, the High Council has not yet determined the best way to place the orphans. We need interested couples to come forward, and we need to confirm that they will be suitable parents.”
Actually, go look at all of lilicorbijn's johnlock
“Lie back and spread your knees. Feet up on the edge of the bed.”
The crewmen were swimming in the ocean, held safe from harm by nets which had been lowered to enclose them near the side of the ship. My own John, beautiful, golden John, had stripped down to his white linen breeches for his dip into the brine. After his swim he gracefully catapulted himself back over the ship's rail, and I found myself unable to speak, or blink, or breathe, for a miracle of fabric had taken place.
“I'm too tired for this,” Anahera yawns. “I'll give myself a proper cleaning tomorrow. If I'm still alive, that is.”
“Tea is not an honour, John, tea is a hot beverage,” Sherlock calls back from the kitchen.
“No. I definitely want that. Definitely.” John licked his lips and leaned in. “I thought you weren't interested in that,” he said. “I made an assumption I shouldn’t have made, and that’s why we need to talk about this stuff.”
Sherlock held his breath and threatened his body with severe repercussions if it responded to John’s proximity or position in any way. He stared down at that blond head bobbing as John stretched and jabbed at the cans.
“Are you seeing other people?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Lestra tugs on Sherlock's wing before they arrive, and the two hang back for a moment.
“Sherlock?”
Sherlock turns to smile at John, because yes, that is something wonderful to look forward to, a homecoming he has thought about many times in their advancing years. He turns to smile at John, but John is gone, and now he is facing Anahera.
Sherlock understands. He will miss Mycroft, too. It is not something he would have predicted when they took that first dive off Cassiopeia several moons ago. He takes a step closer to his older brother.
Tui looks up from the heartstone and touches her wing to Sherlock’s cheek. She nods.
They talked a little longer about local goings-on, and then Sarah insisted on paying for their lunch, gave each of them a quick hug, and left them there to reflect on what she'd said.
"And how is that an advantage?"
Mr. Watson winked at Sherlock, and Sherlock grinned back at him.
“Yeah, come on,” John panted against Sherlock’s neck.
“None for me, thank you,” James said, holding up a hand.
"I know you don’t like me. I wouldn’t like me very much either, to be honest with you. But you gave me a family, and in return, I’m giving you your privacy. I wouldn’t wait long, though, to tell her. Someone else will, soon enough."
Sherlock delivered the drinks, looked up at the ceiling for a second, and said, “I think we’ll probably be going now. I apologize for … that.”
“Oh! Well, then you probably should.”
“Holy shit, where did you learn to do that?”
“You okay?”
“God. I thought you were so grown up, but you were only eighteen?”
“I do. I was very curious about you. And then when I met you again, skipping stones on the water, I very much wanted to make a favourable impression. I wanted you to like me.”
One honeybee hovers by Sherlock's hand on the edge of the page, lazily circling, movement reduced to a soft buzz. Sherlock absentmindedly moves and uncurls his fingers, and the bee touches down in his palm. John watches as it shakes its hind legs and begins a fastidious grooming process. Sherlock reads on, and John turns back to his folder.
Tiny Bat John re-mounted Sherlock's erection, which felt an awful lot like humping it, from Sherlock's point of view. Sherlock whimpered. TBJ squeaked.
John hummed again, and this time it sounded like the heady recognition of his own growing need.
“You know what I mean.”
Sherlock stared. He blinked. Then, without a word, he wrenched himself free of John’s hands, and bolted out the front door.
Sherlock slipped out of their knot of limbs and crawled on top of him, wrapping his arms under his shoulders, burying his face in John’s neck. John hummed and wriggled and wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s back and slid his foot down Sherlock’s calf.
“I’d like to see more of the grounds, if you don’t mind.” Sherlock had enjoyed hearing John talk about the area he lived in when they’d gone to the river the day before, and wanted to see and hear more about the place he’d spent so much of his childhood.
“I didn’t shave my ass, Sherlock, in case that’s what you’re checking for.”
“I am.”
Tui releases the bubbles trapped under her feathers, which serves to double her speed, and obscure the seal’s vision. It is not enough. Sherlock is almost there, his eyes locked on Tui’s, willing her to find more speed, and then that gaping, cavernous mouth snaps shut.
“You’re right. It’s been a total whirlwind, hasn’t it? Not just this trip home, but this summer, too. All of it. I wouldn’t change anything, though, would you?”
“Now I can't stop thinking about it,” he whispers quietly.
“Indeed it is. What are your plans? Anything new with the case?”
“Sherlock, why don’t you go find Kevin to make sure, you know, everything is okay, and I’ll get Greg a drink. We’ll be in the kitchen.”
“Not the time or place, Sherlock.”
“Are you sure you won’t take some Tylenol, just in case?”
Sherlock peels himself away from John and flaps a wing in Ariki and Kahu’s general direction. “Just look at those penggits.”
“But why take on the responsibility of protecting me? You barely knew me. Would you have done that for anyone?”
my reserves of patience, or understanding, or, I don’t know, love? You’re right. This is non-depletive. We’re, um, self-renewing. Okay?”
“Do you want to do this yourself?” John quipped after Sherlock had tweaked the placement of yet another ball.
. She was trim, and had long, thick, strawberry-blond hair with a no-nonsense center part. She didn't wear makeup, which the adults would like, and although, yes, she wore a dress, it was navy blue with long sleeves, and a demure collar.
He tugs Sherlock's arm around him now, tighter, and feels soft kisses pressing onto the top of his tiara-crowned head. He closes his eyes and tries to listen to the movie, but it's other voices he hears, other conversations playing out and competing for his attention.
Sherlock bumps his shoulder against John’s and tuts. "You know they’re only one winter younger than us."
Sherlock watches the Senior pengs for their reactions. Erebus and Cetus smile and nod, Vela and Pavo make small bows of recognition, and Mycroft doesn’t react at all, unless perhaps his usual frown is slightly different in some way that Sherlock cannot detect.
John spits and rinses, then leans back against Sherlock and catches his eye in the mirror. “It's all those old photos, I think, making me feel sentimental.” He gives Sherlock a small smile and turns in his arms, leaning back against the sink. Sherlock runs his hands down John's arms and back up, a calming gesture that John has used on him innumerably over the years.
, if you please.”
“This story would have an entirely different narrative had we found her. I don't know how all of it would have played out, but I suspect that it would not have ended with the two of us, you and I, together.
John raises an eyebrow in the near dark as Sherlock mutters at his side. “Wavelengths from 510 to 670 nanometers, absolutely beautiful! There, do you see them?”
The men around him laugh and snicker, but Bonnat shushes them and tells them they aren't half as good as this new student, this boy, and probably never will be, so they should stay quiet and focus on their work.
“Tell me.”
“Oh, no, I’m fine, it’s okay.”
Sherlock is pleased. These are compassionate, open-minded emperors. It will do no harm for the High Council to see highly respected members of the Rūnanga colony showing support for their cause, especially as one of them is a High Council member’s sister, and another is her niece.
In the new bedroom, Sherlock put the bag on the bed, then turned back to John. He slipped off his scarf and unzipped his coat, then hung both up in the closet. John stood and stared at something only he could see. Sherlock nudged him back until he was sitting on the edge of the bed, and knelt at his feet. He pulled off his snow boots, and put those in the closet, too.
"What's that, then?"
and girth
“Oh, love, always such the romantic!”
Sherlock wanted to kiss John for lots of reasons. He wanted to kiss him for the way he loved pizza, and for how polite he was to the person who sold him the pizza, and for trying to get Sherlock to eat pizza, too. He wanted to kiss him because John was thoughtful, and spent twenty minutes trying to decide if Harry would prefer raspberry or vanilla scented lotion, and because he was buying his mom Christmas presents as if she weren’t currently accusing him of making the biggest mistake of his life. He wanted to kiss John because John was good, and John deserved to be kissed.
“I remember.”
Slowly, everyone around him starts to nod.
"Penguins can't really run, Sherlock."
“I'm sorry it was not in time for him, Elder Erebus.”
He played with his eyes closed, swaying as one with his violin, letting the music flow through and out of him. Exhausted, wrung-out, fearing he’d played his heart right off his sleeve and into John’s hands, he abruptly stopped, laid his violin and bow down on the desk and took a deep breath.
“Are you kidding? I wouldn’t be caught in that house for fame or money right now.” John gave Sarah a hug and stepped back.
“The note? Evidence from the car?”
; smell:
“I don't know yet.”
“Care to put a wager on it?”
“No, you won’t.”
“Sure.”
When John took possession of Sherlock’s arse, he did so fully, the way one might wrap their mouth around a ripe summer peach, the way one kisses a lover when they intend to never, ever let go. With an open mouth and broad tongue, John kissed and sucked his way from the lush curve of one buttock to the crease in between. Hands on Sherlock’s hips, he buried his face in that lavish bounty, found the very centre of Sherlock, and flicked.
He decides he has enough time to check the ice cave, and makes his way there more by touch memory than sight. He steps inside and stares, never having imagined this version of their secret place. The ice cave has captured the moonlight and is bouncing it around its walls, illuminating the space in sparkling blues and silvers, brighter than the longest summer day. The light ricochets between the stalactites above him before shooting it back down in dazzling lasers. He stands, staring, wishing that John could see what he is seeing. He imagines that standing on a star would be similar, all glitter and shine.
Moringa’s complaint is summarily postponed for the very reasons Lestra explained. She and Mycroft cannot participate in the proceedings; therefore, they do not have a quorum. Sherlock can tell that Moringa is angry, but resigned. She will not fight something she cannot change, but she will wait, and try again when the Senior Council reunites with Siger, after the migration back to Pobeda.
“Depends on what, gorgeous?”
Their tongues met, and Sherlock’s entire body groaned. John shifted onto his side, turning Sherlock toward him with a hand on his shoulder, and they slid down from the windshield until they were lying on the hood of the car. Sherlock was going to slide right off, so he wrapped his leg over John’s and planted the sole of his shoe against the hood. This had the fortuitous effect of bringing their hips into alignment, and then John wasn’t kissing Sherlock anymore, because John was panting, open-mouthed against Sherlock’s neck.
Sherlock grunted and drove them on, fucking into John, taking him. This was what it was like, he thought, this was the other side, the exaltation of bringing someone such powerful pleasure, not with your hands, not with your mouth, but with your cock. His whole body sung, but his cock screamed.
John released the straw from between his teeth and laughed. “What’s this about firemen?”
Sherlock flung the covers back just as Tiny Bat John re-latched himself around Sherlock's now exposed cock, and try as he might, which was not at all, once the little bat began suckling at the tip, Sherlock couldn't stop him. The bat was moaning and squeaking and lapping up the leaking fluid, and his wings were stroking and squeezing, and his belly was pressing his bat boner into Sherlock's frenulum. Sherlock grabbed handfuls of blanket and trembled. Sweat trickled down his neck.
“Sherlock?”
Sherlock, taking the question literally, says, “John's ex-wife.”
ripped jeans
John can't keep his mouth closed now, he's too busy trying to breath.
"Shhh. Listen, love."
“Excuse me?”
John took his turn leading Sherlock around the dance floor, and Sherlock was completely oblivious to the other couples that joined them, oblivious to the twinkling white lights strung up above their heads, oblivious to the clinking of glasses and the murmur of voices, oblivious to his own thoughts and everything but the slow stretch of the song and the gentle rise and fall of John’s chest against his own as they breathed through their first song as husband and husband.
“Remind me to inspect your balls for frostbite more often, will you?”
“Yes. And your emails, and your fifty-seven texts. And I’ll even send some of my own.”
“Do I think you’ll be apologizing when we’re old and grey?”
remain
The colony cheers and trumpets around them, and John hides his face in Sherlock’s neck before allowing Sherlock to hold up one of his wings in acknowledgment of their calls, and to wave his thanks. John looks overwhelmed by the attention, but bows gracefully to the Council before crowding up against Sherlock again.
“I get it. Let’s finish the bottle and then I’ll clean up.”
“Right. Now, how did you know that I wouldn’t care that your
“Mm?”
Sherlock feels his chest swelling and his heart squeezing and his belly fluttering. He did it. He gave John comfort, and he didn’t even know he was doing it.
“I said, ‘poor little thing.’”
John rolled his hips, keeping his eyes on Sherlock’s face as he pushed inside, inch by inch. Sherlock bit his lower lip and made small humming sounds, and when John grunted through his last thrust, and was fully inside, Sherlock’s mouth made that perfect “O” shape, then he smiled, and whispered, “Perfect. That's perfect.”
“And?” Sherlock pushed his empty coffee cup away and tapped the corner of the card on the Formica table top.
“‘Bout what?”
“Thank you.”
Sherlock wipes his mouth on the back of his hand and presses a kiss to John's hip, then another to his inner thigh, and rises to his feet. John drinks him in, all six, glorious feet of him, and Sherlock finds himself shivering under that appreciative gaze. John sees him.
John was standing by the bed in his pyjama bottoms, flipping through a book, his back to Sherlock. Sherlock made a show of putting his clothing away but did so while staring at the muscles running down and across John’s back. He nearly gave himself whiplash turning his head back toward the armoire when John looked toward him unexpectedly.
“While you were sleeping. I got extra towels from housekeeping, and these glasses and candles from the front desk. Is it okay?”
“Exactly. I'm studying, and it's hard for me. You just know stuff. I have to work hard at it.”
“God, this rain! I should’ve expected it, given the way it looked when I left this morning.” He looked back and forth between Sherlock and James, water dripping from his hair and running under his collar. “I’m going to get changed, then we can have lunch, yeah? I picked up some sandwich stuff and some salads. Sherlock, put on a pot of tea?”
For example, I think a lot about something that happened to my family last summer. I replay it in my head, I cry about it, I think about what I wish had happened instead. But that event is over. Thinking about it now, letting it hurt me again and again, only brings me pain.
"Huh?"
John nods. “Yes.
"Master this and I'll teach you to tango."
JOHN: Well, that's a bit exag—
Sherlock finished getting James up to speed while John listened and drank his tea. James had questions about Sherlock’s deduction process and how he’d figured out which applicant was the suspect. When Sherlock was done explaining they agreed that James would go back to Annette’s flat, arrange the date with Nathan Foster, the candidate Sherlock had deduced was a virgin with anger management and commitment issues, and report back to them with the arranged time and place. Satisfied with the plan, Sherlock sat back in his chair and crossed his arms over his chest.
“Underwear?”
John leans back on his elbows and looks up at the gorgeous work of art in front of him. “Oh, I bet he was very, very happy to help you. Did he pick these out for you, help you put them on? Did he touch you, Sherlock?”
does it matter?”
“Ah,” he hums. “Our newest generation. They look well. Perhaps I had not fully appreciated how much time has passed, busy as I was. But here it is in front me. Seven moons, Sherlock. Seven moons.”
“Sherlock, why do you care which jeans I wear?” John was shaving at the small sink in the hotel bathroom. Sherlock stood behind and watched him drag the disposable blade over his cheek.
I shall
John stepped back, and Sherlock stood tall, both of them looking away, looking for something other than the other to occupy them.
“Do you think you'd have ended up with Maryle?”
Sherlock rolled over and looked up at John. It was a spectacular view, he had to admit, John having stripped down to a tank top while lugging boxes out of the elevator, with his hard thighs angled above him and his jean-taut crotch within arm’s reach. John braced one hand on his knee, and leaned down with an outstretched arm.
John huffs, exasperated, and walks around Sherlock’s side, finally facing him.
“Pāpā warm.”
peacefulness, harmonious
“This is true. Watch your fingers.”
Frank Lloyd Wright was a genius jackass. You can see more of his work at
(interjection) goodbye, farewell
“I am.”
“Welcome home, Sherlock. Good to see you.” Mr. Watson shook Sherlock’s hand and clapped him on the back, then stepped back and nodded at John. “Mornin’, son. Martha not make it back last night?”
"What?"
“John, wait, turn here, turn right.”
“Well, I guess it was Wright’s philosophies and principles that she was most focused on, not the man himself. Anyway, what did you call him? A douche-boat?”
“Hmm? Me? Oh sure, I’m fine. I guess I just didn’t see that coming.”
“Had you wanted to, before?”
Sarah turned, eyebrows raised, and tilted her head.
"Flying? For real? With these?" John flaps his wings as if he expects to take flight.
“It’s gorgeous, isn’t it?”
John shifted up on the sofa to look directly into Sherlock's eyes, and said, “All right. But listen to me. This cannot be a trick, and I cannot handle one more scam. We do this, we do it right, it means something, yeah? I'm tired of being dicked around. I've been dicked around by Harry, by the army, by you, by my fucking wife, by everyone. No more.”
Sherlock stares, completely befuddled. “You are totally making that up.”
John touched him. He rested the tip of his finger on that puckered spot and whispered, “Fuck, Sherlock. You’re pulsing. Pulsing for me.”
“He lives in a fairly suburban area. I doubt they’ll find much.” James cleared the rest of the table and began scraping the dishes into the bin. “Why don’t you two clear out and I’ll clean up in here.”
“Genius. Fucking sexy as fuck genius. What's that noise? Are you eating an apple?”
“Hey!” John was pink-cheeked and breathing hard, snowflakes stuck to his eyelashes and on his knit hat. Everything from the crooked grin on his face to the pleased quirk of his eyebrow was the embodiment of mischief. John was hanging on to something just out of sight of the door, so Sherlock leaned forward and peered out. Propped up against the wall was a tree, a Douglas fir, nearly seven feet tall, freshly cut and filling the narrow hallway with the scent of pine.
“I think it says that a man shall not lie with a man?”
." Sherlock stands tall. His pulse beats strong in his chest, his heart saying
“Should I feel guiltier than I do, knowing I'll be spending more time at your house, than my own?”
Under Sherlock’s chin, John’s body went rigid, and not in a good way.
I haven't been to
“Fuck her, fuck Sarah’s scarf. Fuck.”
John squinted for a second, then said, “That I'm not at school with you?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Many many many many many many (thesaurus? what thesaurus?) thanks to KarlyAnne, for patiently reading the emails in which I question the relevancy of everything I've written, and then talks me down from my peng ledge.
The phone rang, and she turned mid-step, pie tin in hand, and reached for the ancient rotary dial telephone on the wall. The tangled cord stretched taut as she moved to put the pie down on the table.
Sherlock sighs and looks up at the stars in the ever-dark winter sky. “Handsome? Handsome does not begin to describe him, Tui. He is broad shouldered, and solidly built. He is shorter than me by perhaps half a head, but what he lacks in stature he makes up for with strength, and determination, and courage.
“Are you? Happy?”
✓ fucking new password for laptop
"So. You're ... back."
"Right, yeah, six. Us, macaroni, Adelie, chinstrap, rockhopper, and gentoo."
Maryle taps one foot on the ice, her claws making an annoying clicking sound. Sherlock’s patience is waning thin. He has bigger fish to eat.
Sherlock painted a delicate stripe over John with his pointed tongue, from the cleft of his ass, over his hole, and across his tight sack.
“It's good, it's so good, so good.”
John’s hands drifted down Sherlock’s sides, and reached under his hips. “I don’t know how you’re so good at things for the very first time, but I am the luckiest man in the world. What you did to me? That was fucking amazing.”
John threw back the covers and got out of bed. He stretched again, head back, arms up high, and Sherlock took a good long look at his best friend, his boyfriend, and all the various inches of him. Sometimes it still caught him off guard that he could openly stare at John’s naked body, that it was more than allowed, it was encouraged.
Sherlock disentangled himself from John and stood up. He put his coat back on and dug in his pockets for the hat he pulled over his ears and the scarf he knotted around his neck, then went to the bar to settle their tab. Wine paid for, tip left on the table, they held hands and walked out into the city-turned-snowglobe. The walk to The Willows was quiet, both of them having said enough to last a while.
“Thank you, John. You make me feel safe.”
“Yeah. There are three. One here in the lobby, one pointed at the cash registers, and one in the back room with eyes on the safe.”
“Can you reach me, or should I do it?”
“... bloody brilliant, is what he is. If anyone can figure out what’s going on, it’ll be Sherlock.”
Sherlock realigned the silverware at his place setting, and glanced around at the other mostly full tables. Couples and foursomes were sipping wine and picking at appetizers, their murmured conversations still subdued this early in the evening.
“Why haven't you said anything?”
The stretch of time during John's association with Mary was a living hell. Left to his own devices, everything about Sherlock's life reverted back to the pandemonium of his pre-John days. The lack of any routine or stabilizing force unhinged the detective. He couldn't turn it off, therefore he couldn't find a spot of psychological shelter in which to repose. He compensated by making the insomnia as productive as possible, and for that, he needed fuel: cocaine, again. Although his use was measured and systematic, the results were the complete opposite. Sherlock spun out of orbit without his sun.
“Well, then?” Sherlock asks, turning to check that they are out of earshot.
“I look forward to that.”
Sherlock senses he is about to witness a very personal moment between his two friends. Mycroft is already backing away.
“No rush, right?”
“Yes, I think I’ll join you. It was a long drive and I’m feeling quite ready for bed.”
“Wake up, love.”
“Take them off, John.”
“I’m not going to make it until tonight,” John said under his breath. “There is not one single thing about you that I don’t find incredibly sexy right now, Sherlock. Even the way you chew, for God’s sake.” John took what seemed to be an overly aggressive sip of his tea and set his cup down again. He took a deep breath and blew it out.
Sherlock woke in the middle of the night, on his back, with John curled around him on his side. He estimated the time somewhere between three-thirty and four, and if not for the need to relieve his bladder, he would have stayed right where he was, indefinitely. Nature called, however, so he extricated himself from under John’s arm and leg, and made his way to the bedroom door, then down the hallway, and into the bathroom. While there, he took care of the cleaning up he should’ve done before he fell asleep, and tossed the damp washcloth into the dirty clothes hamper.
Erebus chirps softly at the back of his throat, and tosses his head back, as if to dislodge heavier thoughts. "Ah, it's a long story, young one. Are you sure you want to hear these ancient tales?"
“For what? The tree?”
Many thanks to KarlyAnne for telling me when enough is enough, already. ;)
"You should always wear strapless. It suits you."
Sherlock’s cock had filled out inside the briefs and was now pressing against the confines of his waistband. He squirmed, looking for any sensations whatsoever on his sensitive skin. The thin fabric tugged back and forth over his frenulum and cockhead, and his balls drew up tight. The more he wiggled, the more the silk wedged itself between his ass cheeks and slid over places Sherlock couldn’t begin to consider.
John smiled goofily, giddy, oxygen-drunk blood pumping through him, making him feel light as air. “I’m great. Just glad to be off.” His eyes followed Sherlock through the crowd, watching as he hunched his shoulders and lowered his chin into his chest as he walked out into the rain. John’s mind definitely did not wonder what that white shirt would look like soaking wet. It definitely did not. John shook his head, as if to clear it. “Hey, mind if I make a few drinks before I go?”
John kisses Sherlock softly on his cheek, then his other cheek, then his bill. “I didn’t realize I was ready until just now. After listening to you, there is no doubt in my mind that we are both ready, that we can make this happen. But we have to work hard. We have to talk to everyone we think might help us, and everyone we think might know someone who might help us.”
Curious about what lay ahead, Sherlock tidied his books, excused himself, and headed up to bed. He hung up his clothes, cleaned his teeth and face, and was just slipping into the bedroom wearing only his pyjama bottoms when John came in to join him. John stopped in his tracks, stared, and then plastered a huge smile on his face.
"Yeah, and you know I do. What about me?"
“Yeah, I did. It was something like, ‘X equals one wall plus a naked Sherlock multiplied by my dick. Solve for X.’ I just solved it.”
“It’s okay, Tahu-John. You saved us. Is this your first time being a
“I do not understand.”
“Perfect.”
“Told you I’d take care of it, didn’t I?” She winked at him before continuing her trek down the hallway, the vacuum bumping along in her path.
Sherlock looks at Erebus, who stands silent in his place among the row of Council members. He imagines Selvic there, too, standing next to his beloved. Sherlock thinks that Erebus must be imagining the exact same thing. Perhaps, for him, it is even more than imagination that brings Selvic to his side.
“Wait! Where are you going? What about the bath?”
“God, I knew you'd be good at this, so fucking good.”
“Okay. We have to move the coffee table.”
“Oh my God, I don’t even know who you are anymore!” John teased. He winked, then added, “If Sherlock likes it, I’ll like it.”
Now Sherlock tends to John's heart, heavy with wistfulness, by pinning him to the present and grounding him with touch. John's body is as familiar under his hands as his own, and Sherlock takes his time visiting each place that makes him utter those intoxicating little sounds. He kisses and licks into his mouth, strokes the hollow under his jaw and the tops of his shoulders, suckles at the erect tissue of his nipples. John lies still and lets Sherlock hover over him, he spreads his legs and lets Sherlock go where he will. Sherlock can sense the day lifting from his husband, layers of nostalgia rolling off of him in waves. He can give him this.
, everything, so fucking gorgeous, so –"
“I … well, I guess I’ve enjoyed both positions, to be honest.”
Erebus calls to Vela, and she detours the group toward him.
“What if I say something horrible about you?”
(See the end of the chapter for
The pengs around Sherlock are foostering and fluttering, trying to get comfortable, but everyone is listening, and all of their heads move in synchronicity as she continues to circle, pressing and smoothing as she fusses over their sleep arrangements. Sherlock, always on the outside, has a prime position to hear her utterances every time she passes him. John, belly to belly with him, has craned his neck up and over Sherlock’s shoulder, so he can listen, too. Sherlock tries not to be distracted by the full body contact.
“Do you see Pāpā Selvic, Erebel?” John’s voice is wrecked.
“John – God –”
“If I could just what, you wanker?”
Sherlock scrubbed a hand over his stubble and looked at his phone again. Six texts. Six? He swiped through and tapped on the first one.
“God, yes. Are you sure?”
“The way you talked about it, Jesus, you’re just gagging for it, aren’t you?” Another swat. “God, this ass. The way it moves.” Another swat on the other side, more jolts of arousal, a moan. “I want to fuck this ass, Sherlock. Is that okay with you?”
I'm posting on Sunday night again because I'm on vacation, and my mornings and days are much busier than my "why the hell aren't my kids asleep yet" nights.
“Ah. As do you. To me.”
“Like who?” Sherlock ran his lower lip over the nipple before sucking it into his mouth.
"Yes, I see and hear that, thank you very much. Do not --"
“It’s not like I’m going to tell anyone. I mean, who would I tell? So, are you then?” she said to Sherlock. “Going to take the case?”
“You might be right. Tui, John and I have come to talk to you and Anahera about something very important. Is she nearby?”
“No. I can’t do it. I’m sorry, I thought I could, but I can’t.”
Sherlock's mouth fell open in indignation.
Sherlock keeps his eyes on their little friends as they run-waddle ahead of them. Sherlock only did what he had to do. John only did what he had to do. Maybe they are both heroes. Maybe neither of them are. Maybe you are a hero if you do what you have to do. Sherlock isn’t sure, but it doesn’t matter, because Ariki and Kahu have decided for them.
John lifted Sherlock's legs, sat down, and lowered his legs onto his lap. “I find your appreciation for dung beetles slightly alarming.”
Sherlock waited another thirty seconds before pushing through the swinging doors and walking into the kitchen. John stood at the stove, stirring something in a large pot, and James sat at the kitchen table, dipping a teabag in and out of a mug that Sherlock suspected had long gone cold.
Sherlock kissed him, held him close and kissed him and kissed him, relishing the weight of John on top of him. His fingertips memorized the tiny hairs on the back of his neck, and the jut of vertebrae just below that, and one thumb ran down the slope of his chin, then up to his lower lip.
Below him, John was inhaling through his nose and exhaling out his mouth, loudly, trying to control his breathing.
He turns and looks up at Cassiopeia’s peak, then tracks lower, to the ice cave. He can see a sliver of its window from where he stands. He and John aren’t allowed up there anymore without a chaperone, but is that to keep them from the temptations inherent in such a private place, or to keep them away from something else? What was Moringa doing in the ice cave? Or was she somewhere else? Are there other places on the berg that she would have tried to reach? Why?
“Okay, but I am not going in the coal mine.”
“I’m not saying they’d take you no matter what, John. Your transcript would have to be spotless, and you might have to take the SAT again, but your references are good, and they put more weight on the essay than grade point average, anyway. And if my department sponsors your application it wouldn’t be a bad thing, right?”
Sherlock retreated up the stairs. John would never kick a friend in need out of the house, an ex or not. And James was certainly in need; he’d never have come otherwise. But Sherlock was in need, too. He was in need of his husband, in need of the intimacy that would create that final connection between them, the one they’d been inching toward since the day they’d met. He was in need of John, of John’s hands on him, in need of John’s gentle encouragement and praise. His love. Sherlock was ready to lay himself bare, to receive the most intimate of touches, to sacrifice complete control of his mind and his body to their relationship. But not with James here. That was simply not going to happen.
Sherlock rinsed his hair and thought about Mycroft sitting on the toilet again.
to him? He played it back in his head from start to almost-finish, and tried to figure out where he’d lost control not only of his mind, but of his body, and came to the conclusion that it was just about the same time.
It was always a little bittersweet, John thinks, to go back to Baker Street and see Hannah's family living there. Sherlock kept reminding him that it was better than not being able to go back at all because strangers lived there, and John knew that Sherlock was right. And Hannah had done a beautiful job of mixing some of their old belongings in with hers, and it still always felt like their Baker Street when they visited. The armchairs, of course, had come to Sussex with them, but Hannah had wanted the battered kitchen table and sofa, had said it would be perfect for a toddler with rampant doodling tendencies and a strong desire to throw her food.
John downshifted as he took the turn onto the onramp, and shook his head. “Looks like Mom is writing her own memo.”
“You okay?”
“Okay.”
"The first time I took you in hand, Sherlock. Right here, in this bed, just after we tracked down Moriarty, together, that time. The first time you said you loved me, later that night. The first time we made love, the next morning. The first time we fought after that, Mary's trial. The first time we had makeup sex, the afternoon of the guilty verdict. The first time I proposed to you, last summer."
“Because he has to pretend to like him?”
John scoffed. “You might find someone well-suited for you, James, you never know. Being with someone you care about needn’t be seen as a punishment.”
“Bite your tongue, John.”
“I don’t like not knowing.”
"He had such a wonderful sense of humour, Sherlock. Never underestimate the power of a good, long laugh, especially during difficult times. And there will be difficult times. But even at the end, when we knew he was dying, he would try to make me laugh."
"These are not good firsts, love."
Sherlock shook his head and smiled. “Think about it, John. Whatever is innate, is a gift. What you do with the gift, that's what makes you smart. You're using your innate intelligence, which is not insignificant, to study what you need to know to help people, to do good in the world. I'm using mine to selfishly do something I like, but have no long-term plan for. Who’s the smart one?”
Victor was charming and brilliant and ridiculously addictive. They would read foreign newspapers in bed and listen to alternative music and smoke clove cigarettes until the album ended and the smokes were gone, and as soon as Victor reached to turn out the light Sherlock's cock would begin to thicken in his trousers.
tongues dancing
“Snogging is good,” Sherlock purred into the space under John’s jaw. “Snogging on the couch was an excellent idea.”
“I can’t believe you guys are going to Chicago and leaving me stuck here in the middle of BFN.” Harry had started grousing about their upcoming trip the second she heard about it.
“I haven’t forgotten, Sherlock. I still very much want to kiss you.”
“Speaking of surprises, lie back and close your eyes.”
“Sure. That’d be nice. Sherlock and I are heading down to Chicago for a few days, but we haven’t really set our dates yet, have we?” John nudged Sherlock’s foot again, trying to drag him into the conversation.
“I hereby dismiss this session of the Emperor Intercolonial High Council. Sherlock, you are free to go, although I speak for all twelve of us when I say that I sincerely hope we may meet each other again. I wish you godsspeed on your journey, and every blessing in finding that which you seek.
John sighs. “Of course you do.”
Sherlock finds he doesn’t have to squint quite as much now to see Anahera. The aura of her illumination has begun to fade. He can just begin to make out the distinct feathers of her face, even the tiniest ones around her eyes.
“You may have said as much before, yes.”
“That doesn’t sound very comfortable.”
Mycroft resorts to assigning Moringa extraneous tasks that will keep her out of their feathers. She does not even pretend not to be miffed as she sets off to assist Cetus with a lesson on puss removal.
“Can I look now?”
“Yes. Tangy and smooth. Maybe they, whoever they are, are right.”
“What if it means
Anahera steps forward with Tui at her side. She bows low to Sherlock and John, or maybe she is bowing to their hatchling. Sherlock can’t tell.
John?”
Sherlock does not find it so funny now that he has seen someone else trying to steal John. No, this is not funny at all.
Staring at Sherlock’s feet is not nearly as exciting as watching their hatchling, so they leave her to her nap and turn back to the world around them. Sherlock scans the crowd of faces smiling back at him, and then Olive steps forward and wraps her wings around him and John and kisses them both on their cheeks.
“I said romantic entanglement, so in case you weren’t sure what that meant, let me enlighten you.” John yanks Sherlock’s pyjamas down around his narrow hips and leans forward with one hand planted near Sherlock’s head. “That means that we work together and we live together. We share a bed and a dinner table and we take care of each other. And yeah, you’ll still piss me off and I’ll still confound you with my idiocy, but we’ll take care of each other, we’ll watch out for each other, and we’ll give to each other, back and forth, together, the things we need and want, yeah?”
Sherlock undoubtedly blushed again, only this time John could probably see the blotches of his embarrassment on his chest as well as his face. At this rate, following John's logic, Sherlock would be naked in three more nights. He knew himself well enough to know, however, that the current trajectory of eliminating one garment per night might not hold. Instead of confirming John's statement, Sherlock slid into bed and started thumbing through a Scotland tourism magazine he'd picked up at the shops earlier that day.
“What about you? New Year’s resolutions?”
John gave Sherlock a swift kick under the table.
“No, no-no-no, me, I’ll do it. Me. Let me.” Sherlock twirled John around and wrapped his arms around him from behind. “I’m going to take my time with you, going to explore every bit of you, get you clean head to toe.”
“You okay?”
“I can smell it on you.” Sherlock hooked his thumbs in the hem of John’s tank top and slid his hands up John’s abs and chest as he rucked it up.
John kept his feet still but shimmied his hips side to side, little movements in keeping with the beat of the song.
“God, Sherlock. Oh, yeah, keep doing that.”
“Maybe, maybe not.” John finished his own laces and hoisted the backpack over his shoulders again.
Sherlock did not sleep during the cocaine years, but it was almost all he did during rehab.
"Well, to be fair, Tui’s leg was fine when I met her. And if you’re comparing Tui to Pono, it was Pono’s wing that was crippled, not her leg. And just because we haven’t seen any other stones like that one doesn’t mean there aren’t any more."
, and then he was sent on a terrific adventure."
“Yes. I apologise for my tardiness.” Sherlock stood ramrod straight, ready for his rejection to be delivered. He would remain strong, he would be calm and stalwart in the face of John Watson’s departure.
For the next two-hours-and-forty-five minutes, Sherlock drove the librarian off her feet fulfilling requests for every rare and important book, journal, and article he could think to ask for. Impressed with the depth of his knowledge and passion for his studies, she began to bring him volumes he wouldn't have known to ask for.
Sherlock picked up his violin and plucked at the strings, letting the weight of it in his hands settle and soothe his feelings about nights not spent together and the absurdity of wedding traditions.
“You guys had a great childhood, didn’t you? That lake looks amazing.”
“Budge over or else.”
There was another loud crash from the kitchen. “We should go save them from the alien mold, shouldn’t we?”
"Well, isn't this cosy?"
There was no talking at first, each of them needing a few bites to quell an afternoon of building hunger. Sherlock made a modest dent in his dinner before slowing down to have a gulp of milk, wipe his mouth, and tell Mrs. Watson how delicious everything was.
“My wedding present?”
“You said that already.” John kissed Sherlock’s inner thigh and slid his thumb under the taut fabric between his legs.
(verb) to be mortified
Imi waves and blows kisses at them from the back seat of the car until it disappears over the crest of the hill. They smile and wave until they can't hear the sound of tires on gravel anymore, then turn and walk back into the house. John makes moves to go upstairs, intending to strip Imi's bed, gather the damp towels, start a load of laundry, but Sherlock puts a hand on his shoulder and says, “Stop. Come sit with me. I'll make tea.”
“Skylar? He’s gay. Didn’t you know? Oh dear, maybe I shouldn’t have said anything. It’s just that as a educator I do hear so much of what’s going on in town. The kids’ parents talk and talk and think their children aren’t paying a whit of attention, but they are. They hear everything. And then, of course, I hear it. Mrs. Watson, this pie is positively sinful. Is it a family recipe?”
“Right.” John reached for his wallet, as did Mycroft, Greg, and Kevin.
“We can't leave yet.”
“Sherlock?”
. He undid the sash of his robe and let it slink onto the chair cushion as he stood up. He pulled the covers back and got in, then rearranged them over him again where he was sat up against the headboard. He twiddled his thumbs. He looked around the room with its hunter green paint and burgundy paisley wallpaper and its heavy, dark wood furniture. He wished he’d thought to bring a scientific journal with him.
"Johhhn." He drags his hand up John's thigh, up up up, under the t-shirt he's wearing, which Sherlock realizes is his, too big for John, long, worn thin. Sexy. Not fair. Not fair at all.
“About?”
“You don’t have any weaknesses, John, not a single one.” Sherlock presses the top of his head under John’s chin, and the two of them wobble, threatening to topple over backwards.
And Mycroft.
“McDonald’s it is.”
Molly nodded at Sherlock and gave him a weak smile before hiccoughing into her napkins.
Sherlock is torn between feeling annoyed that Maryle came looking for John, and thrilled that his friends recognized the significance of their reunion, and warned her against going in search of him. “So, you met her, then?”
Mrs. Watson blinked at her plate. “Yes, well, no. I think I got it from Mrs. Hudson, years ago. I’m sure she wouldn’t mind if I passed it on. I’m not sure I’ve met Skylar.”
“Are you ready?”
"You've been sick three times already, haven't rehydrated at all, have severe abdominal cramping, more so from the regurgitation than any residual poisoning, are low in electrolytes, and are lightheaded because of the blood rushing to your digestive system. You're done, at least for the next thirty minutes or so. Brush your teeth and get into bed. I'll bring you a bucket, some fluids, and a hot water bottle." He finished with a kiss to John’s forehead and turned him toward the door to the bedroom.
As always, thank you to Happierstill for the beta, the enthusiasm, and the fun!
“Forecast calls for rain,” Annette said, as if reading his mind. She stubbed her cigarette out in a chipped, glass ashtray and stacked the empty dishes and cups in front of her.
“Isn’t this wonderful? My son home from college, and my other son, too.”
“Clothes off, now.”
“I rushed over as soon as I woke. You look wonderful, my love! You are all grown up, and so handsome!” She leads him a short distance from the huddle, so as to not wake the others. “Tell me, are you well, Sherlock?”
John talked as he ran his fingers over Sherlock’s body, little comments of adoration and praise.
James shrugged. “It’s hard to find a common thread among the candidates at this stage. They all have different backgrounds and interests, which I suppose makes sense.”
, brother mine, we had a bit of a rough time, but all is well now. Come, I will tell you everything.”
But then John scooped up a little too much, and some of it dripped off Sherlock’s tongue as he licked at it, dripped onto his sticky-tacky lower lip, and when John said, “You’ve—you’ve got a little bit, right there…” what was Sherlock to do but wipe it off his lip with two fingers and then suck those fingers into his mouth, right up to the second knuckles to make sure he was very thorough?
“Right. Okay. I guess I’ll focus on net yards per pass?”
Thanksgiving passed in a haze of gold and yellow light, sterling silver clinking against bone china, voices rising and falling in conversation and laughter. Platters and bowls were passed, hand to hand, and plates were filled with the comfort of tradition. Chestnut and sausage and celery stuffing, mashed potatoes with gravy, green beans with pearl onions and tarragon. Cranberries, apple, and orange zest, cooked together with sugar and cinnamon and cloves, and served only this one day each year, and orange pecan biscuits, dusted with melted butter and cinnamon sugar. A fifteen pound turkey, roasted for three hours and basted in its own juices, holding court at the center of the table, and corn, and sweet potatoes laced with Jack Daniels and topped with maple syrup.
“Yeah, it does.”
“I had my own equation, you know.” John angled Sherlock's hips away from the wall, curling Sherlock’s lower back and tilting his pelvis toward John.
“Oh, for heaven’s sake.”
“No, John. We need you here, to continue your work with Cetus. As the migrators return to Cassiopeia, there will be injuries to tend to; there always are. You will leave the iceberg with the last pack.
She licks the tip of her wing and holds it up above her head. “The wind is dying down a bit, but it’s low and moving counter-moon. Shift with it, not against it, if you get cold.”
“No, stay,” Kevin answered. “You won’t find a place to talk. Take my chair, and I’ll go wait with Greg at the bar.”
They’d left their families at the fairgrounds after the last notes of the Star Spangled Banner had faded away, and driven John’s truck into the middle of nowhere, neither saying a word. John had driven miles past the nearest farm, past crumbling barns and empty grain silos, down a dirt road that turned into nothing, then cut the engine and the lights.
John watches in disbelief as Sherlock slides one hand across the placket of his sleep pants and palms himself. He stares at John while he does it, while he makes this bold dare, and then he does it again, and again.
Except John said that wasn’t going to happen. John couldn’t control everything, though. Sherlock couldn’t control snow storms and ice and drunk drivers when he was ten-years-old, and John couldn’t control errant asteroids and texting bus drivers and E. Coli hiding in fast food tacos.
“I disagree. Also, mine need a shower. Join me?”
Erebel gasps. It’s a small sound, but mighty with indignation.
“What gun?”
“Yes. Sleep, love.”
A younger woman with blunt cut pink bangs waved at them from behind the counter and said to ask if they had any questions. John thanked her, but Sherlock was too busy staring at a bulbous glass dildo that looked more like a work of art than a sex toy to reply.
“I think I do. Ask me, though, if you want.”
“I did. Because it's purple, and it fits you like a glove, and it reminds me of the one you had when we first met. The only thing I like better than seeing you in that shirt is taking it off of you. Excellent. Your nipples just got hard.”
"You were on a quest."
“You sure?” John spread his fingers over Sherlock’s plush curves and squeezed.
John planted one elbow on the table, narrowly missing a smear of brie, and rested his chin in his palm. He leaned toward Sherlock and licked his lips, and then he whispered. “What would you say if I asked you, Sherlock Holmes?”
“Her brother, or half-brother, if you will, was Ika.”
Sherlock opened his mouth to speak but had no idea where to start. It was just as well, because just as he’d managed a vague, “Ummm,” Mrs. Hudson started asking questions, and each answer Sherlock provided lead to several more. She kept up a running commentary under her breath as Sherlock talked, only stopping for a sip of coffee or to ask another question.
When John stopped it was to speak, and when he spoke Sherlock flung open the door to his mind palace, waiting to make sure he had heard correctly, and then filed it away for the rest of their shared eternity.
Forty-five minutes later, they were propped up in bed with a large Giordano’s deep dish pepperoni pizza between them, a bottle of Perrier on Sherlock’s nightstand, and a can of Coke on John’s. Paper napkins and little plastic containers of grated parmesan cheese and red pepper flakes were tucked into the open lid of the pizza box.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I won’t say anything. That’s between the two of you. Between you and I, however, I can only say that I’m very glad you weren’t a braver man.”
curls silky and damp
“Hey,” John said, pushing open the door. “Don’t go wherever you’re going.”
1. I've been pants at noting the months at the start of each chapter, mostly because so much of the story happened while they were on Cassiopeia, during their summer, which is January - March. Everyone headed back to Pobeda in April, while Sherlock and Mycroft headed to the Shelf. Mating happens in May, dads incubate the eggs in June-July, hatchlings hatch in August. So, we are now at about mid-August, which means Sherlock has been away for four months, or moons.
He waves them off before they can insist, and shuffles backward into his own little cave, feeling around him to get a sense of space. He has never been so enclosed in his life, not unless you count his shell. He doesn't like it. He wriggles forward until his head and shoulders are outside, and he breathes in the night air, and looks up at the endless sky with its limitless stars and stories.
Sherlock snapped to attention and crossed the room in four great strides. “John, can you please disarm the rifle?” he said as he helped Annette to her feet. She had a smear of blood on her lip and a bruise forming under her left eye, and when he laid a steadying hand on her shoulder she flinched.
“I would ask why you're wearing my slippers, but I already know that you're wearing them because yours were somewhere between two and twelve inches further away.”
“Why?”
“Oh, for God’s sakes, you two. Insatiable is what you are. Go on then, go upstairs. My heavens. Well, go on, go.”
, but John looks up at Sherlock with watery eyes and shakes his head. "He's gone
“How long do you think this will last?” she asks him, turning her head to be heard over the wail of the storm.
“You look gorgeous in this light,” John said, trailing his fingers up and down Sherlock’s arm. “The way your hair shines and picks up the colors, the way they look on your skin, like you’re being painted. See there?”
“We’re not really going to wrap the tree in toilet paper. We’re going to wrap it in lights and red ribbon and hang blue balls all over it and put presents under it, and that’s a good start. We’ve got years to build on tradition. Rome wasn’t built in a day.”
“You are such a lying sack of shit.” John giggled after he said it, and God, Sherlock loved that giggle.
“It’s a surprise. A gift to you, of sorts.”
Then John’s softening cock began to slip out of him, and there was an awful, weird noise, and they were giggling, laughing, then howling.
Oh god, yes.
John grinned at him and kissed his fingertips. “What, like, lie in bed together, side by side, and read, and not talk, or grope each other, and just be, like, an old married couple, with our reading glasses on and our crossword puzzles and sudoku?”
Mycroft rolls his eyes. Truly, Sherlock thinks, he has refined this action to nothing less than an art form. If only they would get stuck while he’s doing it.
“My nose?”
“I don’t think I’m wrong that you … well, I should say … I know that I, for one … God, why is this so hard?”
“You okay?”
“You know what I want, right now?”
that it was Atutahi’s star, and that if I proceeded in that direction …”
___ Journal-Keeping and Scrapbooking (pg 5)
He turns toward Pobeda and flies.
Sherlock flattened the loosened thread with his index finger and stopped worrying at it. “You chose him over me.”
They barely make it into the house. John is fumbling with the keys in the dark, cursing a blown-out lightbulb, and Sherlock is pressed up against him, sliding his hands into John's front pockets and kissing the back of his neck. When he takes John's earlobe between his teeth John drops the keys altogether, and presses his hands against the door for balance.
“I assume that by ’certain events’ you mean one event in particular?”
“Oh.”
“Greg Lestrade.”
“Well, I am, but—”
"Let me get this straight. You tried to drug me with something you put in the ice cream, but I didn't eat the ice cream. Instead, you somehow managed to drug yourself, which is fantastic, by the way, and then hallucinated about, do I even want to know?"
“There’s nothing to tie that note to anyone, not without fingerprints or footage of someone breaking into the house, and forensics found nothing in the car, no fingerprints or DNA.”
Sherlock watches John feed Erebel and stores this memory away with the others. He will have to leave soon. He has not eaten since just before Erebel hatched, and he has delayed as long as he can. He studies his daughter now, knowing that she will be different when he returns. She will be taller, stronger, even cleverer than she is now. And one day, he thinks, she will lose her hatchling coat and take on the colours of a juvenile, and then an adult, and then one day, if she chooses, she will answer her
Sherlock collapses onto the bed, John falling with him, tags pressed between them. Round one was brilliant, hot and hard and fast. Round two, Sherlock thinks, smiling into his pillow, will be about taking their time.
They passed the fifteen minutes in the taxi back to Baker Street side by side, knees and shoulders bumping.
The drop of salty-bitter spread over Sherlock’s tongue and he opened his throat to swallow. John bucked to the back of Sherlock’s mouth.
Sherlock nabbed some shrimp scampi off John’s plate and popped it into his mouth. After three glasses of wine, he was done with basic manners, such as not speaking with your mouth full. “I disagree. You’d be wasted in most management positions, no matter what you’re managing. You’re a problem solver. I bet you spend at least eighty-five percent of your time at the club solving problems.”
John looked at him, his expression clearly expecting something serious.
Kahu is running in circles around the four adult emperors, trilling, “
Sherlock didn’t know why he was the way he was, so he shrugged and said, “I just like knowing stuff.”
Thank you for the cheerleading, Happierstill. You ease my pangs of self-doubt and motivate me to keep going, and I appreciate it so much.
“I do know, John, because I feel the same way. I don’t know how to put it into words, but you are … you are everything.”
Sherlock watched the tourists come and go and pose next to the soldier they were watching. “It’s our day. We should be able to do whatever we want. We should be able to sneak away and sign the papers and have it be done if we so choose. John, maybe we should do that, and then she could just throw a big party.”
Thank you, as always, to happierstill for betaing, which always includes tons of comments like:
ready to repeat the tale of your great adventure?”
It wasn’t until they were back at Sherlock's, their teeth brushed, their clothes strewn across the floor, hands reaching for each other, that they talked about it.
“That we’ll still be together when we’re old and grey.”
“Sorry. But seriously? That’s ridiculous.” John let go of Molly’s hand and ran his fingers through his hair, leaving an array of spiky bits sticking up. Sherlock wanted to smooth them back down and spike them back up. “Yeah, I can get you back in here after we close. Jeremy won’t care if I borrow his keys. It might be better to come back a few hours later, though, just to make sure no one sees us. Do you need Molly to come, too?”
I'm sure you all already know this, but when Harry says 'BFN,' she means Butt Fuck Nowhere.
“As what?”
, Anahera, but of course. Of course.”
"I honestly have no idea. I know that every living creature has its raison d'être but—
John’s hands were gripping the edges of the bath towels now, and he’d pulled his legs up, sliding them through the cage of Sherlock’s arms until they were free, until he could spread them wide.
Phil lifted his glass and clinked it against Sherlock’s. “To you and John.”
“We’ll see.”
“So, what now?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock closes his eyes and shakes his head. When he opens them, it is only to look down at his feet, unable to meet Mycroft’s eye. "All this time, while you have been alone, I have had John. From the time I was a hatchling, Mycroft. All this time. You and Anthea—"
“Sherlock.”
“Since he’s distracted by his boyfriend’s hands on his ass.”
“First of many,” Sherlock echoed.
Few other candidates had. Most of them, by the time they had Sherlock alone in the walled garden, or the rose garden, or the herb garden, or by the tennis shed, or the pool house, or the dock, had already touched him, or tried to. Some of those touches were more innocent than others: a tap on the shoulder, the brush of a lapel, the squeeze of a wrist. They were all offensive to Sherlock, who knew that the first person to touch another person in any encounter was the one who took power over the other. Sherlock wanted power over none of them, but neither did he want them to assume they had anything over him.
(See the end of the chapter for
John giggled into his fist but didn't take his hand away. “Oh, my God. You’re relentless!”
Mycroft stretches his neck up high and angles his head down low. He glares. “Sherlock, might I speak to you privately for a moment?”
“How has she been?”
In the middle of the night John would flush and tingle and shiver when Sherlock, wrapped tight around him and panting for more, would whisper, "I was such an idiot to think I could do without this, without you."
Thanks for the beta, KA. Like you said in the most recent Google doc, and to paraphrase John, could you ever have imagined? When we started this story, could you ever have imagined everything that has happened since then?
He opens his eyes.
“Yeah. I’m sorry, I don’t know what happened, I just, um…”
They split up to go through the upstairs rooms and Sherlock found himself in what must have been one of the guest rooms. Similar to downstairs, the room was a hodgepodge of different styles and eras. The dark wood four-poster bed held court in the centre of the room, its navy and gold coverlet complementing lighter blue curtains and a pale yellow rug. Sherlock took note of the condition of the linens and fabrics, which were dusty with disuse but not moth-eaten. He scanned the ceiling for damp and noted a few cracks that should be repaired, then checked the windows for cracks or rotting wood. He stopped to look at a cluster of paintings on the wall, mostly pastoral scenes of cattle grazing in the hills, a few hunting dogs leading a group of men on horses, and a brightly coloured mallard.
“It wasn’t your fault, Sherlock.”
The first day the property pages were missing from his newspaper, he chalked it up to a mistake. The second day the pages were missing, he entertained certain suspicions, and switched to his laptop for his research needs. The third day, not only were the property pages missing, but his laptop could no longer access any website containing the words ‘real estate,’ ‘Sussex,’ or ‘property agent.’
“You ready?”
Moringa's theft of John and Sherlock's treasure takes on a new meaning of epic proportion.
Sherlock taps the back of John’s hand, and John opens it to the air and the stars above. They stand and watch, and the firefly drifts back into the night.
"Mmhm."
Sherlock chuckled. “Oh, you will. I’ve no doubt. Now, you and your driver should head into town and book rooms at the Fonab Castle Hotel. It’s not The Four Seasons but you’ll survive.”
Unbeta'd because I fear I am using more than my daily allotment of KarlyAnne. I'll let her decide when she'd like to beta this, if ever, LOL. Feel free to point out mistakes.
Not that it mattered now. John was Sherlock’s husband. John had chosen him. Still, it would be interesting to know who else the agency had deemed suitable for John Watson, wouldn’t it? It couldn’t hurt to know who Sherlock’s competition had been. It might be in his own best interest to know. Would it be in his own best interest? How would it be in his own best interest? Sherlock sat on the edge of the bed and pulled the stack of folders onto his lap. He heard the bumping and shuffling of John moving about several rooms away. He would only take a quick peek.
He folded the letter back up and slid it into the envelope covered with Mrs. Hudson’s loopy cursive. He planned to reread it later, and see what he could find between the lines.
He had to prepare for the possibility that that was exactly how he'd spend the rest of his life, dejected, rejected by the only person who would ever matter, and so he spent the last ten days of the bet lining up his queue with pictures of hedgehogs and otters in all manner of embrace. Really, it was remarkable how clever people on Tumblr were, and also slightly preposterous, but if people wanted to waste their time drawing pictures of otters in blue scarves and hedgehogs in cream jumpers, who was Sherlock to fault them?
Sherlock and John settle into a routine, just as they did when they were chicks exploring the island for the first time, and then again as juveniles discovering Cassiopeia and making it their own.
“Right. So that’s what you’ll do. Find someone to take lab duty, and I’ll see you in nineteen days. Sherlock, that’s nothing. That’s less than three weeks.”
"Take. This. Sheet. Off. NOW!"
Molling stays close, chattering about this and that, and Sherlock nods now and then, so she thinks he’s listening. He can’t listen though, because he’s too busy obsessing about Maryle, the interloper peng with John. She’s bouncy? Is it
___ Animal Husbandry on the High Seas (pg 1)
“I think I could come even if I were in a coma.”
Sherlock waved a hand vaguely near his ear and sniffed in offense, or agreement, John wasn’t sure.
“World's only consulting detective with a bear named NoNo.”
, and
belly to belly. John stretches back and extends his wings to the sides, and Sherlock explores everywhere, touches all over John’s body, his hips and ribs and the silken, white undersides of his wings. He kisses John’s chest, and one shoulder, and then the other. He can hear John trilling deep in his throat.
“You look nervous,” Sherlock said. “Why do you look nervous?”
“I remain unconvinced.”
“You plan to attend whether I do or not.”
“Touch me, John.”
Oh God, he wanted to come, and the closer he got the more narrowly defined became the constructs in his head. As if reading his mind, John reached around his hip and took him in hand.
to order, and Sherlock and Cetus make their way back.
"Mm, I can still taste it on you."
After that, they fulfil a promise to show Ariki and Kahu how to skip ice chips over the water. The two hatchlings have been relentless in their stalking of the two older emperors. Their mothers have apologized several times, but Sherlock is beyond bemused by the attention; plus, he likes seeing the way John interacts with the wee ones.
“I've lost three followers overnight.” John turned his laptop to face Sherlock and started laughing. “Look at what that means.”
“I wanted to talk to you about it this weekend, but I was afraid that you would shrug it off, say it didn't matter, that it was all fine. But it does matter. It matters very, very much.”
“Sherlock …”
“This is not the tooth, Pāpā. I delivered the tooth, as you asked of me. I’m sorry. I will tell you everything, but right now –”
“Come on,” John said. “Let’s go sit outside and relax while the potatoes cook.”
“Like this?”
“Okay. Can I ask another question?”
Anahera grins at him from where she holds up her end of the seaweed, and calls over, "I'm partial to 'scenario fifty-two,' myself, if you can manage to glide that far without crashing."
(It's my understanding that, generally, only international students pay the full rate.)
John shifts his hips, pushing himself against Sherlock’s wing. “That’s – that’s good.”
John pulled away with a last lick at Sherlock’s lower lip, then smiled at him. “You’re amazing. I could kiss you forever. Thank you for letting me.”
Kevin poured them all more orange juice and champagne, and Greg studied the photo of Sherlock and John jumping.
Nikau nods. “Is that your father?” He gestures discreetly to Mycroft, who is marching with two elders a short distance behind them.
John sucked at the side of Sherlock’s cock, then kissed the flare of its sloping head, ran the tip of his tongue along the ridge of it, and opened his mouth wide.
—John Crerar Library. Sherlock beamed at John. “John, this is the John Crerar Library for history, science, and medicine.”
"Mmm."
"How about some crackers? Just a few, get something into your stomach."
“Ah, yes. Well, I am. Smitten, I mean. John is … John is, well, he’s
“And?”
,” the elder repeats, drawing the word out so they can hear it, then saying it again, faster, so they can hear the inflection. “Flummoxed, bewildered, perplexed.”
The third time they woke up, it was because John had to use the bathroom again. Sherlock stretched his arm across the warm spot John had vacated, and rolled onto his stomach, spreading himself out wide, limbs reaching to the four corners of the bed like a Sherlock-compass seeking John. Sherlock's north shuffled back to the side of the bed, flipped the covers back, and settled himself squarely over Sherlock’s back.
He sorts through them, smiling to himself and occasionally nudging Sherlock to look at one in particular, wondering if they ever really looked that young. John laughs when he remembers that Sherlock had asked Bill Wiggins to take the photos for them, and they had fought about it for days. Sherlock had insisted that Bill was up to the task, that he would show up on time, dressed appropriately, and not be in the way. John had argued that he probably wouldn't show up at all, or would be stoned, and most likely knew nothing about photography. In the end Sherlock had been right. Bill was punctual, professional, and took great shots. He had since made quite a name for himself in London photography circles, and sent them a Christmas card each year, always thanking them for his first job.
“I didn’t mean anything by it, Molls—“ he started to apologise, but just then Bea called out Molly’s name and motioned her over to the customer she had been talking to.
fix bed
Siger raises an eyebrow and blinks at Sherlock. “Yes, son?”
Sherlock isn't sure where the voice comes from, Pōrangi’s past, or his future. He must get to the High Council. He must fulfil his duty and end this.
John gave him a benign
“Not if you keep quiet, gorgeous.” John tightened his fingers around Sherlock’s shaft, and sped up just a little.
But then I decided that I need to put a % in between the $ and &, and the % ended up being almost as long as the original chapter, so now I have #, $, and % in this chapter, and will lead with & and @ in the next chapter. Does that make sense?
Erebus and Siger bow deeply to Ariki and Kahu before they leave, and the two chicks are so stunned, they forget to bow back, and just stand there, eyes unblinking and bills hanging open.
no evidence of sea urchin spines
“Does someone want to tell me what the hell is going on?”
“We need to go. We need to go back to the hotel.”
Lestra stands up on his toes and glances back toward the Council grounds.
Sherlock helped John pull the canoe up onto a narrow strip of land on the west side of the peninsula, and the two of them grabbed their bags and headed into a copse of nearby bushes and trees. Around them birds trilled. John wondered if he should have researched the park after he chose it. Maybe he could’ve impressed Sherlock with his knowledge of the local flora and fauna?
Sherlock discovers, not for the first time, that he is quite proud to be an emperor.
“Not that we need a chaperone.”
John’s thighs were smooth and strong where they bracketed Sherlock’s hips, his chest a safe place for Sherlock to land as he lowered himself down. The snogging commenced in earnest then, a drawn-out session of slow, deep kisses and wandering hands, deep breaths and low moans. Sherlock trailed his fingers through the hair on John’s chest, feeling the strands under his fingertips, tickling, teasing. He brushed the pad of his thumb over John’s nipple and imagined the erect tissue bumping against the lines of his fingerprints.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock wasn’t so sure, however, that coy didn’t suit John.
“Sticking it to that asshole.”
This chapter refers back to the Legend of Kororā, which was many moon-chapters ago. To review, Kororā is the peng goddess that descended from the heavens each year, to select a mate, and leave behind her hatchling, Aumārire. All was good until a jealous councilpeng, Apo, got all peaved that Kororā selected Pono, who happened to be another female, instead of a male. Although it was all explained, he couldn't let it go, and stole Pono's egg. Poor Pono did not survive the struggle, and Kororā punished all pengs forevermore by taking away flight, and all future Aumārire, representation of peace and harmony.
“About where to go for breakfast today.”
Sherlock’s wrinkles are still there, but his eyes look less furious. Maybe just sad now. There’s a twitch of movement at the corner of his mouth, but he doesn’t speak.
“Can't feel them, Sherlpeng.”
Sherlock put the bottle of soda back down and shimmied down the bed a little so that John went from resting his head on Sherlock’s lap to resting it against his chest. Sherlock wrapped one long arm around John’s middle and took the photograph.
John starts to reply, loses his words to a yawn, and starts again. “Yeah, okay. Sounds good.”
, they almost never roam out of sight. The appeal of time spent with their fathers quickly fades, though, when compared to the delights of exploring the island, and soon Sherlock and John are up to their necks in pengsitting again.
“No rush.”
“How was the hunt?”
“So, where are you guys from? Kevin’s family is originally from Wisconsin, right?”
Feeling a little steadier on the heels of this realisation John leaned into the doorway, hands in his pockets, watching as Sherlock tapped away at the computer on the back room desk. The pale blue glow illuminated his sharp features, making his dark hair gleam.
“That the egg is a gift from Anahera, facilitated by himself and Selvic. There was much talk about a dream.”
“Now, Sherlock Holmes, you may ride my cock.”
Sherlock shrugged and stuck his lower lip out. “They’re tall, and regal, and intelligent. They mate for life, and the male penguin holds the egg on his feet for two months, keeping it off the ice the entire time, until the female comes back with food. It’s impressive.”
“Santa is ringing Uranus, Sherlock. I’m not sure how I feel about that.”
John’s smile grew wider, but he still didn’t open his eyes. He shifted onto his back and held his arms open. “Come here.”
Sherlock stared at him.
“You just saw all of me about five minutes ago.”
“Yeah, you know, the people who can actually arrest someone for attempted murder?”
“In an indirect way, yes. Remember I told you I had some fantasies?”
“I don’t know. It felt bad.”
“John is an amazing man. Anyone would be fortunate to be his partner. So, you must wonder why I decided to break it off. I would. If I were you I would wonder why anyone would choose to not be with John.”
It starts low in Sherlock's gut, like a rumble of digestive illness about to burst free of his body. By the time it reaches his chest, it has gathered enough force to manifest as full body shudders. It gains speed, tickling his tongue as it rushes past his bill, filling the air around them. Hilarity. It is the sound of hilarity, and Sherlock can do nothing to stop it.
John reached his left hand down between them, skimmed over Sherlock’s rigid cock, over his balls, and ran two fingers over his wet hole. He circled, and probed, like he’d done with his tongue, and then pressed, just a light touch, in the center.
John had stood and gaped at him when Sherlock had finished showering, shaving, and dressing. Of course, Sherlock had been as enthralled with John’s appearance, just out of the shower, dripping wet, with a bath towel tucked around his hips.
I'm a very, very tired peng right now. Any mistakes are my own. If the notes make no sense, if I'm making typos left and right, it's alllll mine.
“John did great!” Molly gushed. “He kept Stephan right on the edge the whole time, leading him on, then acting all sad, like he wasn't worth the time of day. I had such a hard time not staring, it was perfect!”
“I thought you liked it when I stink.”
John hustles Sherlock away from the swimming hole faster than Sherlock can say
Sherlock very much wants to stick his tongue out at Mycroft, but suspects this would undermine what they perceive as his mature countenance.
“Even better, then.”
Finding female pengs willing to carry an egg for a male couple, however, proves most difficult. It seems that if a female peng wants to have a hatchling, she wants it for her own. Many females of egg-bearing age are already with mates, none of whom, so far, like the idea of their partner mating with and carrying another peng’s egg. Single females are hesitant to carry an egg for a male couple, fearing that potential mates will see not as altruistic, but as
intend to do? I think, brother mine, that I should be asking you that very question. What do you, and the other Senior Councilpengs, plan on doing to shake down the thief, get our seal tooth back, and save the entire world from that piece of
“Is that okay?”
“Really? Wow. What did James say?”
Sherlock steps closer. He wants to comfort John, but doesn't know how. Besides, John is being silly.
“Yeah, well, murder is pretty personal,” John muttered.
John came back to bed with a wet flannel for Sherlock and after Sherlock had cleaned himself up and flung the flannel over the side of the bed, he curled himself around John’s body and sank toward sleep. Maybe his brain had stopped fighting him, and maybe he needed to stop fighting his brain. Maybe, with John, he was finally finding peace with himself.
“Don’t care what those plonkers usually say. They’re all wankers and idiots. You have this way of looking at me that just, I don’t know, it just makes me feel seen. Do you know what I mean?”
“For what?” Sherlock inched the car out of the driveway until he could see past the snow banks, and headed down the road toward his house.
I'll also point out this article which I feel is relevant to all our interests:
Sherlock slips the tooth under his wing and practices walking more naturally. He has a limited range of motion with that wing, but at least he can move it a bit. John stays close to that side, which no one will find suspicious, and they head back toward the Councilgrounds.
“On the day you came back she was five months and twenty-three days old.”
“Fuck. Get inside. Now.”
Sherlock watched other passengers watching them. It was easy enough to read their thoughts, no matter how schooled most of them probably assumed their expressions were. Most of the men seemed curious and uncomfortable, and a few of them seemed outright disgusted. Most of the women looked either charmed to see two gay men being themselves in public, or disinterested to the point of not noticing. Interesting, he thought. He’d often theorized that women were more comfortable with other people’s sexuality than were men.
Sherlock looked down at his own unbuttoned shirt, and John’s hands rucking up the T-shirt underneath. “I’m pretty sure that’s part of Lakeview, which is just north of Lincoln Park, which is north of the Loop, but still in Chicago.”
As if reading his mind, John said, “Don’t get me wrong, nothing is ever going to be as good as being with you. It’s just something to think about.”
“Sounds good. Unless, of course, you and John decide you need me to stay away for longer.” She winked at him.
“That's most unfortunate.”
When they are done with that, they fulfil their pengsitter duties together, watching over curious hatchlings as they wander farther and farther from the safety of their mothers’ feet. The single emperors of the colony work together to keep the chicks safe from overhead birds, or straying too far, or slipping into cracks in the ice. Several times already, Sherlock and John have reunited lost chicks with their mothers, turned wayward fluffballs back toward the colony, and pulled wobbly walkers back to their feet.
Having heaved himself once again to the pinnacle of his bat-pole, John took one mighty sniff, shuddered, and buried his face in the damp spot on the sheet.
She has the markings of all other emperors chicks. She is grey with the exception of the black and white mask covering her face, head, and neck. Her bill is black at the base and pale at the tip. The circles of white around her eyes accentuate their bright blackness.
“Right.”
"Ohhh, God, Sherlock. You feel so good, so good.”
John's phone pinged. “Oh. Wow. Okay, listen to this.
"It’s kind of sad, don't you think?"
“Oh, fuck, that’s so hot,” John whined next to him, scrambling up and over as Sherlock’s hand fell away, jerking himself hard and fast over Sherlock’s stomach.
Life is so short.
“And Sherlock, I’m happy for you. You, too, John. It’s been a long time in the coming for you both.”
“So in other words, he was exactly the same then as he is now.”
Sherlock popped a piece of bacon in his mouth and carried as much as he could to the table, then went back for the rest.
This particular ficlet is two parts on tumblr. I wrote the first part for this anon ask:
“I’ve known you since you were in nappies, John Watson, and you can be sure no member of the Watson clan is going to order off a menu! I’ll be back with something special for you in just a bit.”
, and he nodded, quite sure he had read John's tone the right way, quite sure that John wasn't being disparaging. “Just until we turn the lights out. And then you can tell me what’s on the menu of sex again, and I'll place my order.”
“What about you?”
John rested his head on the heel of his hand, and stretched his legs. “No, not as such. But I do give it thought, from time to time. I’m not getting any younger, and – no, hear me out – neither are you.
John winked, then lowered his head and sucked Sherlock down.
“No, not at all. I was just thinking about what you might want to do to me while I’m in that position.”
“Sherlock, are you okay?”
"What story, love?"
Moringa is too busy to get into trouble, Mycroft explains, and if her current duties do not soften her, if the sheer numbers of pengs in need of parents do not ease her worries about the future of emperor families, there is nothing left to be done for her.
He waits until he sees Vela and Pavo wrap their wings around him, then he seeks out John. He needs to share his recent observations and learnings with his
“I was just realising that I might not have a complete picture of all the various ways we could be together, sexually. I don’t know what I don’t know. I don’t like not knowing.”
There’s a crash from the back, a chuckle, a gasp. “Oh, John, it’s dripping – let me clean that for you, you filthy, filthy barista!”
“We shall, genius boyfriend, we shall.”
“It’s a beautiful penis.”
“Yeah –” Sherlock wriggled out of his underwear and spread his legs so he could reach his balls.
“Just like that, oh, get ready, get ready for it –”
Word spreads among their returning family and friends and soon Anahera and Tui have joined them, and Mycroft along with Harriet and Clara, and John’s parents, and Sherlock doesn’t even know who else. He is grateful for the support, but he is riveted to the event taking place before him.
Afterward, Sherlock whispered endorphin-coated words into John’s hair, about how good he was, how extraordinary, how perfect, and finally, about what a tiger he was between the sheets, and the two of them giggled and purred and kissed each other until they fell asleep.
“Not a problem. What’s his girlfriend’s name, again?”
“John, even if I sold it to him at fair market value and didn’t give him a deal, it would only be about sixteen acres a year.”
"Oi! How'd you know I was with Molly? No, don't tell me – something about the splatter of vomit on my shoes commingling with fibres from her jumper?"
“How're the bees?”
Sherlock is not expecting the burst of laughter Anahera lets loose. “Oh my goodness, Sherlock. You are the least selfish, most patient, extraordinarily kind peng I think I have ever met. No, those are not faults of yours. It is your shocking lack of accurate self-perception that seems to trip you up the most.”
noises from behind his newspaper.
“No, you won’t. I’ve got you. The weight of your legs will pull you down on me, and if you aren’t so focused on holding them up, you’ll relax more. Try it.”
"DON'T YOU DARE! DO NOT!"
Unable to halt his thoughts there, he considered what else he knew about the role of blood in the human body. The amount of blood in the penis, for example, increased 8 to 10 percent in a fully erect penis; the volume of the penis increased by 300 percent.
When KarlyAnne beta-ed this she asked if letter jackets were a real thing. Ah yes, welcome to high school in the United States. They're also called varsity jackets, and they're traditionally for athletes, but any high school student can get one. There's nothing as sweet as wearing your boyfriend's letter jacket - it's like a promise ring before a promise ring. I don't actually speak from experience, as I didn't have a boyfriend in high school. Not like I'm bitter or anything.
“Side by side?”
“Okay.”
“You, and me, and Anahera.”
Go straight to porn hell, do not pass go, do not collect $200.
“Hundreds of friends, I should think.”
“Take your time. God, you feel so good.”
, pushing down the jealousy he feels towards those lucky birds, and tries to mimic him as he approaches the other peng.
On the other hand, Sherlock had watched John interact with his coworker, the one with the multiple tabby cats, and with his customers as Sherlock had inched his way forward in the queue that morning. John had smiled and chatted with everyone he interacted with, men and women. For all he knew, John studied with someone different every night. He frowned as he rinsed his hair of its second conditioning treatment, focusing again on whether or not studying was an academic or social endeavour for John.
“Oh God, do it, do it already.”
"You put all of that into two moves, penggit?" John shakes with laughter.
"Well, okay, that sounds quite nice, I think. Don't you think so, Stamfjord? I don't think I've had shrimp before. She hasn't mentioned shrimp before, at least I don't think she has. Hm. Shrimp."
The sound of her loudly humming
Human connection was complicated. There were so many layers, some in direct opposition to others. He understood that taking care of someone wouldn’t always feel good, and being intimate with someone wouldn’t always be sexual. In that moment, with the shadow of his anger receding and his hands easing John’s pain and the blood throbbing in his cock, Sherlock felt wrapped in a cocoon of rich emotions. Their relationship would be based on a foundation of countless interactions, negotiations, compromises, and solutions, like a mountain rising up from the earth with its multi-layered strata, its peaks and valleys, its cliffs and meadows.
John inched his foot forward, inhibitions lessened by the drink, and rubbed his toe against the arch of Sherlock’s foot. “Maybe you’ll come with me.”
John raised an eyebrow.
“I haven't done anything, John. At least nothing bad. At least nothing bad that I'm aware of. Yet.”
“When I spend time with you I see a different perspective. I see people the way you see them, and I’ve been told it’s not a bad thing to not always see people as idiots.”
John aligned himself behind Sherlock again, pressed his forehead to the back of Sherlock's neck, and rested his hands on his waist. Sherlock opened his eyes.
John laughs. "So I did. So I did." He presses his forehead to Sherlock's, sighs. "You're magnificent. I've wanted this for so long now, didn't think you felt the same way."
Kahu and Ariki also pengsit, but despite having been deemed responsible enough to watch over chicks the winter before, the two friends have not quite mastered their duties. Ariki and Kahu are not careless, but are easily distracted by each other and everything around them, and so are never fully on the job. Sherlock and John pengsit the pengsitters, calling out advice when Ariki tries to console a little lost one, and reminders to Kahu when he wanders off to examine a bright piece of seaweed, or an especially throwable rock.
“Oh no, it’s still a candidate,” Sherlock answered. “It means, however, that in this case, the person who seemed wrong enough to be right really was wrong, and the person who seemed too good to be true really is just that. Not true. A lie.” He gave John’s earlobe a sharp suck and sat up tall again. “Trade places with me.”
“Good?”
“Not necessarily, no. After all, he won’t be stupid enough to go after James while they’re together. But I do want to be able to observe the man from a distance and see if I can figure out what his next steps will be.”
Mrs. Watson and Sarah made small talk for the better part of twenty minutes. Sherlock let himself be served thin slices of zucchini-walnut, cherry-pecan, and apple-pear breads, then sat and lovingly eyed the apple pie sitting on the sideboard. In the background, the women droned on about last Sunday’s church service, the upcoming fundraiser, and someone named Alice who’d had a botched varicose vein procedure.
“Fifty?” Sherlock knew his eyes were popping out of his head, but he didn’t even try to school his expression.
Kevin laughed. “Thanks for confirming it. I didn’t want to come right out and ask, but I kind of assumed. You guys have been in love since you were, like, four.”
“That’s true,” James agreed. “It would take about half an hour to walk that distance, so if they walked they’d probably have made it back to the village before we were done at the barber.”
“John?”
“Not that we need one. We went yesterday, after lunch, and –”
John sucked small love bites above Sherlock’s collarbone, licked up his neck, bit on his earlobe. “I
Back in the living room guests had moved the sectional sofa up against the wall, along with the tables and floor lamps. The lights were dimmed, and there were at least a dozen people clinging to each other in various forms of dance in the middle of the room.
“Oh fuck, here it comes.” John’s hand slowed as he spilled onto Sherlock, only stopping after the last bit dribbled out, then he collapsed down onto Sherlock, burying his face against his neck as he took slow, deep breaths. Sherlock held him close as the aftershocks moved through him.
“No.”
He felt a shift in the mattress when John spread his legs and raised his knees.
Sherlock looked up at John, and licked his lips. “I don’t really care.”
“Tell me more about you.”
“Remember how I said I'd make sure you went in before me, so I could see your ass in all its glory when you were soaping up? Remember what I said I fantasized about?”
“Will it make you sweat more?”
“How do you know there’s something in this direction?”
John’s cries brought Sherlock right to the edge. He clenched down as he rode John, straightened and flexed his legs, fisted John’s cock. John was shaking now, trembling, no longer able to vocalize anything but a string of short, high-pitched
“Your face is nothing less than a Botticelli, or a Raphael. Or maybe a Michelangelo. Like marble. He worked with marble right?”
Dear Readers,
“But I wouldn’t have.”
“On Thanksgiving, Dorothy?”
Piptadenia Macrocarpa, Curupay, Angico Preto, Brazilian Tiger Mahogany: 3,840 lb
Sherlock shakes his head, laughing at his mate. They start the parade, wing in wing, whispering terms of endearment as they go.
Sherlock tells Mycroft about Tui and the seal, about the way Cetus and his apprentices worked miracles to save her, about her slow recovery. Mycroft listens, wide-eyed, with a shocked and furious expression on his pinched face, until he is reassured that she is well, that both she and Anahera are happily ensconced in the heart of Pobeda’s colony.
“I’m not. It’s fine, really.” She stacked the roasting pans and last of the dirty utensils in the sink and turned on the hot tap.
“Look at you, poor thing. You've got indentation marks all over you.”
“Please?”
“I met an Anahi emperor on the Shelf, when Mycroft and I were walking to the Rūnangans. Nikau of Anahi, that was his name. He was very eager to know what I carried, and where I was going, and why. I said very little, but he figured out that we were going to seek an audience with the High Council, and he was very insistent to find out why. Mycroft intervened before I could say too much.
“His girlfriend’s birthday party. It’s on the 28th. We don’t have to go. I told him we didn’t know what our plans were yet.”
. They slip back to the crèche, and when Hudi returns, Sherlock is pretending to be asleep, and John really is.
"When the two little emperors learned what the tooth was, and who it had belonged to, they decided they had to get it back. They searched and they searched, and just when they thought it was too late and was lost to them forever, one of them found it. You will never guess where it was, not even if I give you each five guesses."
Lifting, straining
A small smile wobbles on Mycroft’s face. “I believe I have you to thank, Sherlock. I would never have volunteered myself for the position of committee head.”
“That's lotion, John.”
She does. Ignoring her injuries with a shake of her head, she wobbles toward the emperors, chest heaving, panting for breath. She doesn’t stand a chance now, and Sherlock growls deep in his throat to make that point crystal clear. She stops, and seems to calculate her odds.
“I’m not cute.”
“Not sure I can, love. Something appears to be wrong with my legs.”
John squeezed Sherlock’s shoulder and unlocked their car. “How about that hike, then we can see what else we can get up to?” John retrieved his backpack from the boot, packed their sandwiches into it along with the bottles of water Alice had given them, and slung it over his shoulder. It was a short walk to the start of the trail they’d chosen, as many of Pitlochry’s trails were accessible from a car park near the train station.
“No, I really don’t. I appreciate you thinking about me, but I’d rather see to my own love life, thank you very much.”
When Sherlock walks with Anahera, they tend to keep to the periphery, looking into, and around the colony. Sherlock points out who is who, and deduces that which he does not already know about their neighbours. This amuses Anahera to no end, but when she tries it on her own, she does no better than John and his emp-aronis.
“What's scary is that I know exactly which jeans they were, and why you don't want me to get rid of them.” John grabbed the back of the couch and pulled himself up to sitting again. He jiggled his legs and bumped his fist against his mouth.
“I see him.”
“It's that I'm not really the most secure person, and I've never done this before, this relationship thing, let alone a long distance relationship, and I hate it. No, I mean, I don't hate the relationship thing, I love the relationship thing, but I hate the distance. I hate that we've known each other our whole lives, and we only just realized how we really feel about each other, and then we had a few measly weeks, and now we’ll be apart for at least four years, with just these stupid breaks here and there, and it's not enough. It doesn't feel like enough.”
“Yeah, you seemed to like it.”
"AND STILL, BELIEVE IT OR NOT, RIGHT HERE."
Sherlock was disgusted.
“Don't even start. Now tell me about the
“Three Floyds Zombie Dust … Vander Mill Ginger Peach … Brooklyn Sorachi Ace …”
“She did?”
“That was Sarah Sawyer on the phone.”
“You made the reservation, and you're the one who selected the wine, and you're the one ensnaring me with those octopus legs of yours.”
“C’mere. Kiss me while I get in you.”
in the eyeball.”
“He did. John is twenty, but he looks younger, right? That’s what Stephan is attracted to, because he’s getting older, and aging out of that market.
Violetwylde on Tumblr said, "As I sit here - one arm in a sling, trying not to cough on my monitor while a migraine eats away at the nerves of my left eye - I beseech you: bring me porn. Any and all. Smut fic, sexy pics, crude drawings of phalluses (Phallusi? Phalleese?). I will take all offerings with the deepest gratitude. Thank you."
Sherlock lowered himself over John the way John had done earlier and pressed his hips down as John pushed his up. He licked John’s earlobe and whispered, “What do you want?”
“I have something in mind.” John took the book back, put it in the paper bag he’d kept it in, and dropped it back into the backpack. “Come on birthday boy, let’s go skate.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock pulls his phone out of his pocket and John immediately says, “Oh no, no you don't. No photos, unless it's of the three of us.”
Sherlock swallowed hard and sniffed.
“We can do it standing up if it'll make your mom happier.”
“What’s even in there, babe?”
"But, it's day."
"Of course."
Behind him, he thinks he hears Terina gasp, and Tui trill a light, questioning sound.
John threw himself off Sherlock and landed next to him on his back, his fists gripping the sheets, pulling them up tight on either side of his thighs.
Sherlock's cock bobs obscenely between them, heavily veined and flushed dark at the glans, slapping against his belly over and over again. He stares down at John, eyes barely focused, watching John stare hungrily at the place where he disappears into Sherlock's body, the tip of his tongue caught between his teeth.
“Alright. So what’s up with you guys, then? What’s today, the 7th? When are you heading back to Wisconsin?”
“It is. It’s better than perfect.”
“Sherlock!” Mrs Hudson cooed. “I’ve finally met your young man and now I’m even more upset with you for having kept him hidden away for so long!”
It is believed that penguins evolved from birds that could fly. Evidence shows that penguins were around sixty million years ago, and that this change from sky to water took a very, very long time. Why they would have stayed in environments that required this adaptation, however, is unknown.
Sherlock is swelling up like a puffer fish.
"God, no, I didn't mean it like that. Although that's true, too. No, I meant, dancing where real steps are involved. I've always done quite well for myself at the clubs."
The parade feels like an interminable crawl and a ride on a shooting star, all at the same time. Sherlock’s body buzzes with John at his side, walking in unison as a newly bonded couple. As they make their way around in a circle, with dozens and dozens of other couples behind them, the rest of the colony calls out sounds of celebration. All eyes are on them, but Sherlock hardly notices. His eyes are fixed on John, who holds his head high, and puffs his chest out with pride.
John calls again, plaintive now, desperate for his mate. Sherlock decides he cannot waste one more iota of time getting to John. He’s going to go straight through. He steps forward, and forward again, and then he’s bumping into them, sliding past them. He follows John’s call, and the huddle parts like a hewn glacier in front of him, two halves of an obstacle falling away, leaving a gap to be filled with the unstoppable: Sherlock’s love for John, bigger than the sea.
