“I was uhh, meaning to apologize. I made you feel like I was avoiding you, and you didn’t deserve that,” he said. I watched as his ears went red.
“John, come here please!’ he called. I walked back into the living room. “Yeah?” I said. He turned out the lights and then turned on the flashlight on his phone while classical music played through its speakers. I laughed at how much of a dork he is. “Come and dance with me,” he said, beckoning me to come closer. I complied and let myself be pulled to him.
No one moved. The room filled with deafening silence. I looked at John. “John, did I do something wrong? I don’t understand?” I said, panic setting in. I have a tendency to ruin these sorts of things. Today was supposed to be perfect. Had I ruined it?
I found something he could kind of fit, and we crawled into my bed. “I heard that, uhh, couples often enjoy each other’s warmth when in bed together. Is that something you would want to try?” Sherlock asked, that cocky attitude gone. I smiled. “Ofcourse, get up here,” I said, patting the spot on my bed that would be dedicated to him.
I could hardly resist the lull of sleep. He wrapped his arms tightly around my waist as he laid on top of me like a blanket. I forgot he was short.
It came to the last dance of the night. Rosie had been taken home by Mrs. Hudson. “Too much excitement for them,” is what she said.
I did remember remarking how he shouldn’t knock dating until he tried it because he made fun of most of the people there.
“Oh,” I said, smirking. I raised one of my eyebrows and forced my body to relax. “And what do you think, Doctor?” I said, putting emphasis on the word, doctor.  That must have made him mad. His face went red and he scowled at me.
I laughed at him. Intentionally loud so he will know just how ridiculous he sounded. “Oh, is this my diagnosis doctor?” He glared at me.
I felt a weird feeling. Emotions tend to feel that way, confusing and impossible to tell the difference between them all. They tend to give me physical discomfort. I don’t understand them most of the time. Sometimes it is easier to pretend that I don’t have them at all instead of trying to understand them all. Too messy. Too much space would be taken up in my brain if I tried to understand them all.
“Know what?” I asked, as a server in a suit poured me a decent amount into my glass. “Thank you,” I said to the server, and waited for Sherlock’s response.
I looked at the blank document before me. It was late. The night before the wedding, but this had to be perfect. Everything had to be perfect. The dresses, the venue, the photographer, the guest list, and this, my best man’s speech. Why was this so hard?
He looked at me annoyed. “No. I just showed you a ring box to be mean. Yes. Yes you beautiful idiot.”
We walked and talked, but in all honesty, I wasn’t very engaged in the conversation. “She looked so happy,” he said.
I reached over and kissed her on the cheek. “Thank you, and I’m sorry for everything I put you through.” I stood.
I think somebody threw rice, and it was probably Molly. There was so much applause. I was so embarrassed. I forgot I hated this. This was a sort of attention I wasn’t used to.
Only a low groan left his body, although it must hurt, hurt immensely. John had never had anyone so tight, and it was on the verge of painful, he could barely imagine what it must feel like for Sherlock. Another grunt as he pushed as far forward as he could. Sherlock's body was violently shaking by now, but he didn't fight John anymore. Well, his taunt arse fought John's cock, but at least Sherlock's body had gone pliant. What an unusual sight.
On the other end of the line, Sherlock was silent. John finally managed to pry his eyes open, looking around his room.
After a while, John had settled into a rhythm of sorts, although he had to concentrate every fibre of his being into not giving in and just plunging into Sherlock and coming undone at the spot. Another. Another.
And with that, Sherlock began another of his impressive monologues that usually left John with his jaw open and mind barely able to follow. It usually also left him amazed and in awe, but like a surgeon, Sherlock began to dissect how John, or whoever he was, had come up with the character that was John Watson, with the character traits that made him one of the few people who actually managed to get along with Sherlock Holmes. How gentle, kind and awe-stricken John Watson had become Sherlock's flatmate, how he marvelled at the madman's deductions where other people only saw madness, how he put up with Sherlock's perks and peculiarities and even got the other man into beginning to form some bond with him. How he had infiltrated Sherlock's network and even hired Moriarty – Thomas Brooks, the actor – and constructed Sherlock's arch-enemy, a super-villain that would keep Sherlock's mind from going insane with boredom. All the while John stayed silent, his face unreadable. Moriarty exploded with glee, his vicious eyes darting back and forth between the two men in front of him.
“I missed you, too.” Sherlock mumbled. Mycroft focused on the umbrella in his hands again, but stayed silent. Sherlock gave a small sigh.
“I don’t like being touched…there", he finally mumbled against John’s skin, when both of them had calmed down and they had settled into a comfortable position. John’s erection had relented, and Sherlock breathed in his scent. John was so warm, and so soft, and he had to give him something – John squeezed his shoulder, but only slightly. “That’s okay. Just talk to me, okay? Tell me what to do.”
Molly got up and prepared to leave as the door opened. Mrs Hudson's head peaked inside the living room, her face lighting up as she spotted Molly.
“Solicitous observation, if you will,” the smile he gave Sherlock was just as icy as Sherlock’s stare. “What do you know about this Richard Brooks character? I hadn’t known the two of you were acquainted – apart from that incident at the pool back then.”
“...Am I the Damsel? Would anybody care to enlighten me about what the hell is going on?” John retorted, looking irritated and just the slightest bit offended.
Sherlock didn't reply, but his cheeks turned a shade of pink. He'd never been looked at with such a sentimental expression, such gentle and ..loving eyes. Some part of him wanted John closer, another, more imperious part wanted him gone. He'd have to get over this soon.
“You ...Sherlock, you don't have to do this...” John huffed, but Sherlock's face was set in stone. He seemed to have reached a conclusion that would seem absurd to everyone else.
“Sherlock, that’s… that’s awful.” John’s cock twitched in his pyjama bottoms, but he hardly even noticed.
He nearly dropped it as he fetched it, and he cursed. His all too noisy and overprotective brother had taken care of whatever drugs the nurses administered for the pain- not enough to effectively extinguish the fire ravishing his insides, but enough to let him sleep. He wished Mycroft would just mind his own business for once in his life, then he could get the morphine he needed – every other patient would have got some in his place – and had spent the next few days in a blissful haze of ignorance. Instead, he was too tired to move or do anything productive, but his mind was going berserk.
“Do you love her, John?” he suddenly asked, his voice soberer than John had expected. John gave him a perplexed stare in return.
Sherlock just stared at that. Whether that constituted an issue depended on who’s deciding, he thought to himself, but he just licked his lips and stayed silent. Moriarty was so damn unpredictable, and right now his smile was the grin of an utter maniac, ready to pounce.
There was an odd silence whilst John blushed. This was the closest to a confession Sherlock had ever made, and it was truly touching. His heart melted along with his smile, and he carefully reached for Sherlock's hand.
Sherlock had already jumped up, and was heading towards his room. “Old war injury, I've heard,” he said in a mocking tone without turning around. He chuckled about his own joke, and quickly disappeared into his room.
“What an amazing encounter this has been, once again, dear Sherlock. You never fail to entertain me. I love our chats, and I really am quite fond of you, d'you know that?”
“He wishes not to see you. And whatever quarrel may have led him towards such decision, it is not upon me to judge. I have concisely informed him about your condition, about the fact that you are stable and your injuries will not cause permanent damage.”
But this case was different. Apart from his obvious emotional involvement – Sherlock snarled at himself – the clues, if there were any, had been created for him. These were no neglected traces of evidence left behind by an oblivious killer or maniac – this was someone who had the sole intent to deal with Sherlock Holmes. Probably. Or maybe he had just chased the only person that could probably love him away.
“You know what the issue is here?” Moriarty finally asked, and Sherlock shot him a glance. They were so far from any parts of the city or even the countryside that Sherlock had given up mapping the intricate details of their route and instead kept to the street signs. And overall, he just preferred looking outside instead of the other man for too long. Moriarty chuckled, and gestured around to nothing in particular. “You don’t care about this, any of this. Not really. Not your family, nor your friends. Not even your own life.”
He bowed down and carefully put his arms under Sherlock's bent legs and his back. Sherlock was tall but surprisingly light, which wasn't really surprising considering how frequently he disregarded his body's most urgent demands. He was still very tall though, which John wasn't, and it took all of his strength to lift Sherlock up – and immediately put him down again, otherwise both of them would have fallen over. Sherlock startled awake immediately.
“Just a hunch, really,” Mycroft said, too brightly. “But please, Sherlock-“ Sherlock squinted. “Whatever you do, I must advise you to err on the side of caution. These people are professionals. They are dangerous. It is of utmost importance that you stay safe.” And clean, his eyes added, as he got up and grabbed his umbrella. He nodded to his younger brother, giving him a sad smile.
The car came to a halt in front of something that looked suspiciously like an abandoned lab or production facility, on fenced-off property, nonetheless. Something in the back of his mind cried at Sherlock that something was very wrong here, but when Moriarty politely reached out his hand for Sherlock’s phone, Sherlock complied. He doesn’t really know why. He got out slowly, and followed Moriarty and his smug expression and the bounce in his step into the dark building without looking back.
It took a few moments, could have been some minutes, for John’s face to clear of all emotions, until he blankly stared at Sherlock.
“You’re welcome. I just thought…” Sherlock trailed off at the other end. For a while, he said nothing, as John contemplated the new information, turned and twisted it in his mind. Sherlock’s voice finally interrupted his voice.
With that he got up, but before he could go anywhere John grabbed him by his arm. Neither of them could help the emotions bolting through their veins at the touch, though they were essentially different ones. Sherlock tensed.
“So, I figure I was in no imminent danger of death. What brings me the honour of her majesty, then?”
He bowed down, drinking in the sight of the man lying in front of him, trembling with anger and fear but yet, all hail Diazepam and Mivacron, unable to move much. It was too beautiful to be true. Truly, truly beautiful. He had to take a picture. His phone would do.
When John awoke the next morning, it was from manifold weird, slightly sexually tainted dreams that centred more or less around his attractive, inexperienced flatmate. Said flatmate was up and about as John finally made it down into the kitchen, sleep still heavy in his eyes. No breakfast, of course not, Sherlock had never been one for tropes. But there was tea, and John thankfully poured himself a cup and went to join Sherlock in the living room.
“John? ..John.” Sherlock hated hearing his own voice quiver with the same panic that was simultaneously creeping into his stomach and making it coil. His whole body froze in terror as he felt John's hand slide under his dressing gown, tracing his waist, the curve of his hips, the hipbones that were probably more prominent than they should be. He was about to touch him
Sherlock didn't seem to settle into any routine, or get even remotely accustomed to the intrusion. His whimpers just got shriller instead, and more frequent, and as John finally felt his climax approaching and quickened up his pace, Sherlock was screaming into the cushion his face was buried in. Another. Another. Another. Another-
“So you're calling yourself Richard Brooks now?” Sherlock asked, eyeing a pair of young girls that eyed them back just as suspiciously. Moriarty tightened the embrace of their arms.
A sarcastic smile, but when Sherlock didn't answer, Mycroft continued. “All I'm saying is that you may very well turn to me if you need advice or support of any kind.”
When John's phone rang at quarter past twelve he had half dozed off into sleep. He scrambled to get hold of his phone, lest it wake Sherlock. His mad flatmate had fallen asleep in his chair, curled up in a position that had to be uncomfortable at least. Maybe he ought to have John inspect his wounds the next morning.
“So…?” John finally began, raising an eyebrow. Mycroft seemed to be searching for the right words - an unusual sight. Finally, he crossed his hands over the handle of the umbrella he always carried with him, scrutinising it as if the handle was the most intricate piece of artwork he had ever encountered.
“...Where's John.” he finally mumbled, his steel blue eyes set on Moriarty's. The other man's demeanour was unsettling at best.
“I care about Sherlock. I really do.” John said, surprised how easy it was to say the words. They were the truth, he realised only as he said it.
it just in order to stay alive. It seeps through our system so sweetly that we cannot bear to live without it have we once experienced it. People die for it, just to get their fix."
“Sherlock, you need to take better care of yourself.” He said, his voice silent and just the slightest bit sad as he handed Sherlock a plate of food. “You’re not eating enough. Not sleeping.”
“Did he...?” He never finished the questions. John's open wrists and the way he held himself told him more than he wanted to know. His head sank, letting go of the cold, heavy metal in his hands. It landed on the floor with a dumb thud.
When John finally came around, he found himself on his stomach and gasping in pain. He had been tied up, wrists behind his back and something in his mouth. In fact, it had been there for a long time. He cautiously rolled onto his side, realising it was Sherlock who was sitting next to him, face set and gun aimed at his face. The shivers were gone.
The little time that Sherlock actually spent in their flat, he was absorbed in either his laptop or his phone, and kept to himself. John gave him a warm smile and a kiss once and again, and Sherlock reciprocated – uncertainly but definitely not unwillingly. Maybe he ought to rephrase his earlier impression, John thought during one of those innocent, yet heart-warming kisses. It wasn't as if something was up with Sherlock – Sherlock was up to something.
Moriarty swirled the tea around in its cup, observing it like it was a fine wine. His tone was a whisper when he finally spoke. “You know,” he began. “I’ve always liked you.”
“But you still believe I’m… I’m – involved - with Moriarty?” John got up at that, rage making him seem taller and more imperious than usual. He got so into being John Watson that actual rage flooded his veins, and for a moment be considered whether this constant farce would seriously threaten this sanity. It didn’t matter.
They drove for what felt like hours, and it must have been. The light changed from dim morning light to the cold, brisk light of a winter day outside of the tinted car windows. And Sherlock kept silent, his eyes following the landscape. Moriarty did not bother to wipe the pleased smile from his features throughout the whole journey, but his bobbing knee gave away some of his boundless energy. He was enjoying himself.
“Sherlock.” John interrupted him. “You really mean to tell me I 'created' John Watson and all of this .. this is... some kind of sick joke? Is that really what you're saying?”
For about an hour he busied himself with his laptop, checking his mail for any particularly (or even remotely, he honestly didn't care at the moment) interesting new cases, but nothing came up. He made another few inquiries he had to tend to, but after a while he realised his mind wasn't there with him. If John – whoever he was, he'd call him John – really was behind all of this, this was no ordinary case or chase. Either John was John Watson, the clumsy and kind-hearted soldier whom Sherlock had grown to appreciate (and love?), or everything was a fake. John Watson, a blonde and blue-eyed guy around John's (?) height had definitely been to the army and in Afghanistan, the official documents clearly pictured John. The injury could have been acquired anywhere. Medical training. Left-handed. Quick reader and empathic listener (or incredible actor). There were so many unknown variables in this equation, it made Sherlock's skin crawl. Whatever John Watson's past was, people always left behind clues, and inconsistencies, while they were at it. There had to be clues.
Sherlock busied himself in the kitchen, trying his best to ignore the pristinely clothed figure that casually strolled to his (!) seat and made himself comfortable. Maybe if he’d ignore him for long enough he’d go away – with Mycroft’s time being oh so precious and scarce.
Sherlock gave him a long look, and for a while it seemed as if he wouldn't answer. “Nothing”, he finally said. It was at that moment that John exploded.
John could not bring himself to make a single sound. Sherlock cautiously crept closer to him, until their faces were just inches apart. It was so easy to get lost in these pale eyes, so tempting to just spin him around and take him. Sherlock gulped audibly, and closed the distance between them.
Sherlock was gone when John came to the next time. He wandered through the flat but only found money and clothes missing, so he didn't make too much of an issue about it. He would have preferred to have Sherlock with him, he always wanted that man close to him, but he could wait. He knew Sherlock Holmes would come back. Sherlock Holmes always came back to him.
There was a short pause whilst John willed his breathing into a peaceful rhythm. “Hold on, for just a second. Please”, he finally mumbled, rubbing his temple with an exasperated sigh. “Are you really,
He soothed Sherlock with compliments and reassurances afterwards, and Sherlock looked so unravelled and forlorn and grateful at the same time. It would break one's heart, if one had one. There was a fight going on behind his forehead, his eyes were red and he gulped a few times, trying to get the bitter taste out of his mouth. It made him nauseous.
Something was up with Sherlock. Over the last couple days he had honoured Baker Street with his absence, diving through London and the tube in a pattern that didn't make any sense to John at all. Not that Sherlock ever told John where he was going, or why, but Moriarty was too fond of Sherlock to let him roam the streets unattended. Which meant John was all too aware of the detective's ways.
“But please, believe me, Sherlock. You may be an arrogant asshole from time to time, but you are the most important person in the world to me.”
“Damsel in distress”, Moriarty said, just as he unlocked the safety. Within seconds he was pointing his gun at John's head, before Sherlock could move or John could even turn his head.
Mycroft still didn’t look fully convinced, but knowing (some of) the recent developments in John and Sherlock’s relationship and – John knew he knew – that Mary hadn’t shown up at Baker Street within a couple of weeks, there wasn’t really anything to be suspicious about. If John was completely honest, he’d have said that his interest in her had waned lately, and that Sherlock was simply more delightful and interesting, but he resorted to a sheepish look and an embarrassed grin.
For a moment, there was a flicker of something in Sherlock’s eyes as he gazed up at John. Something bright, something appreciative – hope, John realised. Sherlock seemed to have hoped to trigger some sort of reaction from John, back that night, when he had told him about Victor. Maybe he had hoped opening up would show John that the issue he took with intimacy was …valid. Had hoped that it was. That he was not so… unresponsive to John because of anything John had done. Whatever meaning Sherlock had tried to convey, John was still seeing Mary, and Sherlock seemed to have resigned himself to beating himself up about his own naivety, except for those tiny specks of hope that sometimes flared up in his eyes whenever John showed him kindness. Such wonder.
“All over it. Too blatant to be an attempt at framing you, but anonymously offering us hints to the finger murders - “
“He did.” Sherlock’s voice was still strained, but at the same time he seemed relieved he didn’t have to describe any of his previous encounters in detail. “I went along with it.”
Sherlock interrupted his monologue. He blinked at John, as if he hadn't even noticed the other man being beside him before.
“I'm too stupid to be the bad guy? Is that what you're trying to say?” John shot him an angry look, but he couldn't stop the corners of his mouth from quirking upwards. It was adorable, really. Raw emotions.
...Also, another chapter. I can barely believe it. I'm gonna be honest with you, the finale of S4 (and the whole season really) had really crushed most of my enthusiasm for this show. I remember getting so into 'Sherlock' and its characters, and they really helped me get through some stuff (and it just meant a lot to me to see those two idiots in love, despite what I write here) - and then S4 came along and my tiny little queer heart got completely shattered because apparently, representation means nothing. I cannot concisely summarise my anger and how much it actually hurt to see my favourite characters go like this. I hope you understand.
“...? Whmmf?-” His eyes widened, and he struggled in panic as he recognised his own gun pointed at him – again. He was starting to get accustomed to this. Sherlock seemed to take some pity on him -no that wasn't it- but at least he reached forward and cautiously pulled whatever blocked John's mouth out. The gun was still pointed at his face though.
“ He probably deserved this, but for the first time in his life, Sherlock felt utter terror looking at John, “
A moment of silence, whilst John's eyes searched Sherlock's, ineffectively so - The other man kept his eyes fixated on the screen in front of him. Finally John sighed, brushing his fingers through Sherlock's hair in what he hoped was a soothing gesture. It didn't seem to have any effect though.
When Sherlock woke up, there was a split second of blissful ignorance and blankness in his head – then the pain flared up everywhere in his body, and last night's events came crashing back. His eyes shot up, trying to bulge out of his head, his breathing hitched– and he caught sight of Moriarty hovering above him with a worried expression on his face. Jim Moriarty sat on the edge of his bed.
Some loud shouting and rather vulgar expressions shall be omitted here, but John definitely was mad. “You believe that I am capable of – hell, Jesus fucking Christ, of doing all of these things and of deceiving Sherlock Holmes, of-” his voice broke for a moment ”- of
“I will not do anything. As long as Richard Brooks, or Moriarty, or whatever he likes to call himself, poses no threat to national security, I don’t see any need to intervene.”
“He's back.” Sherlock almost giggled. John's face fell. “Don't tell me...” he began, but Sherlock interrupted him again.
Sherlock stayed silent at that, his face darkening. He put his fingers under his chin, shooting Mycroft a glare that could have cut skin.
Sherlock’s hands were shaking, just the tiniest bit. He pulled in a shaky breath, his eyes returning to the floor. He tried to say something, but although his mouth moved, nothing came out. His hands curled into fists at his side. John continued to regard him attentively, and finally took one of Sherlock’s hands into his own. He pressed a gentle kiss to it, watching Sherlock shudder.
– points at it. Thomas Brooks' background, the whole irony of it, the news coverage, the murders that were clearly staged. Even the fingers in our fireplace, the
“You could just invite me to a restaurant for once,” he said, unable to keep his grumpiness out of his voice. It was flu-season. “You know, like normal people.”
For a moment, John paused. Then, Sherlock was on his stomach. John's hands were busy, one holding Sherlock down by his back, the other one probing at Sherlock's ass now, his fingers demanding and in no way as gentle and kind as Sherlock had expected. Yes, he had thought about this, fantasised sometimes.. but not like
“He implied, I inferred.” Mycroft shot back in a clipped voice, and finally the other man realised that Mycroft Holmes simply felt terribly uncomfortable discussing his younger brother’s sexual activities.
John mustered Sherlock for a long while. It was too heart-wrenching to see the man torn between hope and fear, loneliness, common sense and love, and that utter, desperate longing that had drawn John to him in the first place. There was something else, subtle but sincere; confusion.
Mycroft paused at that, eyeing his brother carefully. He finally seemed to reach some sort of conclusion, licked his lips and said, “You will need to know that your friend-“ he said it with a contemptuous scowl in his tone, both of them knew Sherlock didn’t have any friends, “-Richard Brooks has amassed quite an impressive arsenal of weapons, spies, assassins and all sorts of low-life over the last decade.”
Sherlock groaned. Quickly assessing the range of his injuries and capabilities, it was evident he wasn't even a match for Moriarty. Just momentarily, he ought to resign to his fate and to await the madman's next act. He didn't even have the energy to put up a fight. Moriarty crossed his legs with a smug look on his face, leaned back and mustered Sherlock. Every detail of his demeanour oozed contentment and glee.
“Do you wish to talk about it?” he finally asked in a strained voice, and Sherlock's head irked towards his brother with an incredulous look on his face.
, he thought. He didn't know what to think about the other man, what to feel or how to react – the only thing he knew was that he
Mycroft looked up again, his face carefully devoid of expression. “You think this is rather funny, do you not?”
Sherlock's mind is still racing. They have acquired a habit of lying next to each other when John falls asleep and Sherlock needs to think, but they have reached some sort of compromise that Sherlock will at least relax for some hours, if not sleep during cases. Usually they curl up in John's bed, John's arm loosely around Sherlock's waist and John's head in the curve of Sherlock's neck until John falls asleep. Sherlock's mind is too occupied to succumb to sleep, but the heat of another body, John's body, next to his at least calms his thoughts enough to find some remnants of rest.
John still looked dumbfounded. A defensiveness crept into his demeanour as realisation dawned on him, but he said nothing. “If that is even your name. John Watson?”
It had come together like the individual pieces of a puzzle – each fact, each detail suddenly made sense when he wasn’t blinded by his obsession with John anymore, by his personal feelings – he was starting to realise that Mary wasn’t working for Moriarty but – names asides – that the genius archenemy mastermind behind the tribulations of the last months – was none other than
“Well if I start to doubt John Watson, the only obvious and immediate option would be to put John Watson in danger.”
John ignored the insult, instead raising both his hands as if to calm a wild animal, “Sherlock, please try to breathe. And please try to form a coherent sentence – for me?”
“Oooooooooh. I think I know what's going on”, Moriarty chanted, his face contorted with glee. “Damsel in distress.”
“Over the last days, I've been making calls and called in some favours, tried to validate all information I had on you. Hell, I even approached my insufferable brother.”
The pleading tone in Sherlock’s voice surprised John as much as it thrilled him, and he didn’t ask for further details. He threw Mary a carefully blank stare, she gave him a knowing one and saw him off with a nod.
For a moment, John had the stupidest expression on his face. Then he carefully eyed Sherlock up and down, who was still motioning for John to sit on the chair next to him.
“Too bad I'm not here to play games.” Moriarty said, and within a split second he turned the weapon aimed at John's head to Sherlock, and shot.
“the way you express yourself and act around me and all other people – must have been the most cunning, sophisticated act, it would have taken ages to plan and construct, you would have to carefully construct a character that completes me, that goes with all the eccentricities of a sociopath, and that would have taken a genius that is, again, no offence, beyond you. In addition, there are some-”
“My first boyfriend I had in college.” He finally said, so suddenly that it startled John. John nodded. He knew that. “My only boyfriend. Victor.” He knew that too. “He studied physics, and was surprisingly intelligent, and… bearable. We went out for almost a year.”
Another sob emerged when John added a second finger. This was nowhere near pleasurable, and it hurt. It
“But wait-” Moriarty interrupted, as if a thought had just occurred to him. “Does that mean that John Watson's nightly advances and, how do I put it,
Sherlock fell silent as he felt his blood rush into his cheeks. John had every right to be dismayed, angry even. Were there any social conventions for such a scenario? He wasn't aware of any, so he just stood there, eyes locked on John and waiting for the other man's next move.
About a week had passed, when Sherlock's eyes suddenly flared up with excitement and a rush to act, deduce, and conduct experiments that John hadn't seen in a long time. He suppressed a smile as Sherlock rushed into the living room like the whirlwind he was.
Sherlock felt the impact of the bullet before he felt the pain, but when it came, he came undone. He heard John shouting without comprehending any of it, he saw the shapes blurring into smudges in front of his eyes as he fell. Darkness engulfed him, and he embraced it, thankful for once.
Mary gave both John and Sherlock a slightly confused, nonetheless amused look. She quickly gave John a kiss on the cheek, and waved at Sherlock. “Apologies for not talking to you longer, Sherlock. But I will see you around, I believe?”
John seemed not to understand for a second, but then a relieved laugh escaped from his lips. “Don't make me panic like that,” he said, still grinning, and he gave Sherlock the most reassuring smile he could manage. “I don't mind, I don't mind at all. I just want to be close to you, you understand that?”
“...you've had sex before, haven't you?” John's eyes were still heavy with sleep as he whispered into Sherlock's neck; the sun had barely risen and gently threw its first pale streaks of light into John's room. He could feel Sherlock go stiff under his fingers, and for a while Sherlock said nothing.
A heavy silence followed. When he finally answered, Sherlock’s defensive stance and his raised shoulders matched the defiant, yet cautious, tone of his silent reply. “Because you chose her.”
John made an acknowledging little sound to signal he was listening, not sure what to say. This was going somewhere, but he had no idea why Sherlock was telling him about all this. As far as John knew, Sherlock and this guy had dated for a year, until Sherlock had broken it off, and then they had never talked to each other again. He hadn’t cared to get more details. He didn’t mind.
Moriarty managed to look both impressed and offended, but only for a second. “Ouch. I have feelings, too, you know that?”
John gave him an impatient look, but Sherlock didn't have the guts to answer. What should he say anyway? Why weren't you at the hospital? I thought you liked me? After all he had done? Have you moved on so quickly?
“Thanks for the tea.” John said, nodding and shooting a smile across the room. “Glad you've finally got some sleep.”
“The accused usually takes this chair”, he announced. John gave him an irritated look as Sherlock gestured towards the chair. Sherlock was way too calm about all of this. It took a moment for the penny to drop.
“I don't have definite proof yet, hence my nightly excursions. But every hint I find – which couldn't have been manipulated by you, those are scarce but I came across
Another abduction, another car with tinted windows, another of Mycroft’s lackeys who was as communicative as the stone that her smile was made of.
“Give me a moment, will you, Sherlock?” she replied, smiling whilst saying it. John might actually be glad for an opportunity to escape the hypochondriac who had bothered him for the third time this week.
“Yes, yes you did.” he mumbled as he carefully brushed his hand through Sherlock's hair. “You, Sherlock Holmes, are an arrogant, pompous and brilliant bastard, you know that." Sherlock's eyes were set on him, patiently but cautiously waiting for god who knew what to happen. "And is that what you think of me?”
It was one of their more intense kisses, growing more demanding and at one point John leaned forward and pulled Sherlock closer to him, his arms wrapped around Sherlock's waist and his shoulders. He felt Sherlock smile into the kiss.
All the fake cheerfulness had drained from Sherlock's voice as fast as it had been conjured, it had, in fact, turned to ice. John suppressed a shiver, but finally got up and slowly moved towards the chair. Moriarty seemed to be absolutely delighted, and clasped his hands in excitement as he watched John taking seat in the chair and Sherlock sitting down in John's chair, both without ever breaking eye contact. “Ooooh, this will be amaaazing”, Moriarty cooed, but neither of the other men so much as looked at him.
“Moriarty aside you must have had an intricate knowledge not only about my personal life but also connections and influence on the higher ranks of politicians and official representatives, considering that Mycroft didn't mind you living with me. Now, in regards to our complicated relationship it would be quite natural for him to omit such fact as 'Dear brother, you're moving in with a rapist', but given the amount of time he's been interacting with you now you've either never committed any serious crime or no one has ever picked up on it, which – considering my brother's uncontrollable urge to interfere with my life and those of everyone around me – and considering the ability of deep thinking and abstraction you've displayed in the time we've known each other, no offence – is highly unlikely.”
“Lestrade won't let you get bored out of your mind, Sherlock. Something will come up eventually.” John reassured him, putting his leg up on the couch table. Sherlock had repositioned himself in a caricature of a sitting/hanging position in his chair whilst rambling on about the case. John was barely listening. He just kept staring at Sherlock, a smile on his face.
“...Sh'lock..” John rasped, trying to work his jaw. Sherlock's eyes were hard. He was on guard, each muscle in his body strained and his finger still on the trigger. The safety was unlocked.
“I assume he...” his voice cracked with the last syllable, and he felt his hands start to shiver. Damnit. “Did he make you...?”
“Good night to you, too!” John shouted back, but Sherlock didn't - or pretended not to - hear him anymore.
When he returned from the bathroom, toothbrush in hand and yawn on his face, Mycroft was still there, staring intently at nothing and bobbing his foot impatiently. It seemed he had no intention of leaving.
“Lost track of time,” he said with a strange change in pitch. It wasn’t his normal voice. It was rougher, for some reason.
“So if we want to find out what’s wrong with John, let’s go back to when this first started?” she said, taking a sip from her cup.
He swallowed and took the cup back from me. “Thank you,” he said, barely above a whisper. “I’m sorry for suspecting you.”
I stood there. I couldn’t tell how he would react. I really didn’t feel like fighting naked. “Can I put on clothes before we talk about this? I believe it may end up getting physical. I don’t want to fight you naked,” I said, looking at my feet.
He looked at me for a moment. One second. Two. Three. He blinked and checked his watch. “Damn, it’s late. We have to be up tomorrow,” he said, standing. He smiled and walked to the kitchen.
It was long. All the hoops I had to go through. Pictures, threats, children. It was all so much. I was thoroughly exhausted. That wasn’t even all of it. I still had my speech to deliver.
“Nothing is funny. You’re just so cute,” I said, grabbing his hand. I loved seeing him all bashful and blushy. “Was it bad?” he asked.
“Piss off Watson,” I fumbled. God this man was going to be the death of me. What was that? Piss off Watson? Was that really the best I could do? Pathetic.
Sherlock ran down the stairs. He had been away for nine minutes. He was nervous too. That helped ease me a little. He was wearing the purple shirt that he swears still fits him. It is a tad bit tight. He wore that shirt with his suit. His curls were damp. He smiled sheepishly. “Hello John,” he said.
I felt that feeling again. No. No. No. I cannot do that. I cannot allow that. That would ruin me. I would never recover.
I decided to test it out. I sat in the kitchen all night, looking through cases I wasn’t planning on taking, but I need an excuse to be up so late. I also could use the money in all honesty.
Mary was a friend. She was fun to be around. I wanted to hate her like the other women that John was with, but how could I? She was so sweet, and she was kind. She was empathetic. So empathetic. I remember the apology she sent me. It was with the other cd. One that was to be burned after I listened to it. It was for me, and for me to only hear it once.
“You were being hurt, and I know you wouldn’t understand Sherlock. I couldn’t sit there and watch as he hurt you. I had to stop him, even if that was the ‘Dumb’ thing to do,” he said, looking away.
“Care to sit?” I ask, looking up at him. “If you aren’t too late for whatever has you up at this time?”
“Sherlock,” she warned. Her voice wavered slightly. “Don’t. I am over it. Let old dogs lie.” she said.
“Hmm, he is keeping his hand over his left pocket, but he’s clearly right handed, so I doubt he’s protecting his phone. He is a man of average intelligence,” I listed as he said something to the young woman across from him.
“You want me to find out on my own then I will. For starters, I did nothing wrong, so that’s out. Your mood has nothing to do with any women in your life, so that’s a no too. Let’s move on to what I have noticed the whole night.”
Aside from the almost murder, and other minor inconveniences of the night, if when smoothly. The night was as smooth as a scalpel, slowly cutting out my heart.
He stepped out the doors with two bottles in bags. Strong winds whipped his scarf and coat around. The cold paled his skin a little in some places and made it turn pink in others.
He came and pinned me to the wall by my throat. I could hardly breathe. I hit a wall so hard it felt like my head was bleeding. I knew it wasn’t, but still.
He kept his hands to his sides. I noticed this and broke the kiss. “What?” he panted, worried. “Am I doing something wrong?” “No,” I said.
“Fine!” he spat. “You’re the genius, you figure it out.” John looked terrified. I could see the instant regret in his eyes as I smiled.
I couldn’t believe what I had read. I couldn’t believe that Mary wrote it. I thought I hid the feelings so well. It was funny how one little note or letter can change your life. So funny, I thought as I walked up to the door of 221B Baker Street. I walked inside.
The photographer was not a murderer this time, and she took great pictures. I danced with my husband. In public. We slow danced. We also “Danced” with Rosie. I guess to a four year old it felt like dancing, but it was just us in a circle swinging our arms. It was fun all the same.
He chuckled anyway. He gave a large smile I had grown so accustomed to. It was a smile I hate that I have to share. It isn’t fair. Why should he give me this look, but then also give it to, What’s her name? Sarah? Lillian? Beth? I can’t even remember anymore. I am in all honesty not sure if I had bothered to learn it to begin with.
I sighed and looked at my closet. It was well past one in the morning. Mrs. Hudson was asleep now surly, not that she’d ever come up to my room anyways.
It was all going wrong. I couldn’t speak. My hands shook. My legs were unreliable. I think I would rather jump off the roof again.
“The truth,” I said, my throat suddenly dry. I went over and laid on my couch that was across from John’s chair.
“I think that you are trying to cover up your feelings in false cockiness and fake disgust because you don’t want to be rejected like you did Molly over and over,” he said, way too proud of himself. He thought he was so smart, didn't he? God he is so dumb sometimes. So sure of himself. He thought he could see right through me. Isn’t he foolish? Isn’t that adorable. Not that I put value to those sorts of things.
Rosie helped cut the cake, but we weren’t allowed to cut unless it was the perfect angle. She would not have it otherwise. She danced on my toes, then John’s. She drank every sugary beverage she could get a hold of. She ate anything sweet. Needless to say, she had a great time.
I could see something in his eye that I didn’t recognize. I decided that perhaps I should keep my true thoughts to myself. “Well how else am I supposed to view something that makes no sense?” I asked. This left room for him to believe that I could change my perception. He can’t change my mind, but it makes him happy to think that he can.
This song was a recording of a song I composed for our wedding. It was a low sweet melody that was slightly deep. I worked very hard on it. It was perfect. John was right there with me. I could feel him. He was my husband. We openly loved each other. I looked at him. He beamed up at me.
When we got to Andre’s, he was still telling me about life as a doctor. I was uninterested, but found myself intrigued. He was so...universe help me...cute when he was excited.
I decided I would write him a letter, not that I ever intended John to read it. Not after all that happened. I went up to my room, got comfortable, and I let my mind go. It almost felt like I blacked out. I had little to no control.
I didn’t mention that I didn’t feel like being embarrassed by my inability to dance. Maybe another time. If there is another time, I thought. Nope. No, don’t do this today. Today will be perfect so help me God.
John had him successfully subdued by the time the police came. He was injured. Not enough to be hospitalized, but he was in obvious pain. We were given the shock blankets. I had my neck and head examined. They suggested that John go to a hospital, but he said that he was a doctor that has been beat up worse.
“Why did you keep them? Was it funny to you? What did you think? ‘Look how broken he is without me’? I would ask if you knew the Hell I went through, but you clearly do!” he yelled.
I walked home in a better mood than I had been in a long time.  I decided the walk might do me some good. I allowed myself to think. I thought of Rosie. Then I thought of her mother. Mary.
I held back a laugh so he wouldn’t think I was laughing at him. I nodded and closed my eyes. He closed the gap between us. He was stiff and clearly had no idea what he was doing. It was a long peck on the lips.
I did not understand. I decided I had to see Molly today. If this was necessary to not feel like this anymore, then I would grovel at her feet. I would do almost anything to get things back to normal.
I would usually ask him how he had figured it out, but instead I said, “You are truly remarkable.” He smiled. “I know,” he said.
He made a soft gasp, needing air. He looked beautiful. His hair was a mess, but that was my fault. The first few buttons of his shirt were undone. He walked to the living room, and I followed. “Would you mind if we sat while kissing? I am in all honesty, weak in the legs at the moment,” he said.
“Sherlock, he was choking you out! What was I supposed to do?” he asked, trying to defend himself and failing miserably.
We didn’t break eye contact. “Why is it so hot in here?” I asked, removing my coat. He looked at me, and he laughed. “Damn Sherlock. I didn’t mean to fluster you so much. I was just asking a question,” John laughed at my discomfort. Bastard. My insides seemed to turn to mush. That made no sense.
“She’s lonely,” I told him. “The baby is a welcome distraction.” I rummaged through the bag to find what I was after. I pulled out the container of plain rice. I took out a fork because I can't use chopsticks. I can’t seem to figure them out, and I don’t like the embarrassment that comes from trying.
I looked at the desperate man who sat across from me. His eyes darted everywhere in the room but my face. I stared him down. He was pale, but he was by all means a healthy man. He was smiling but it was forced and weak.
“Okay,” John said, looking at me. His eyes looked me up and down. I knew I looked bad, but I didn't think I looked that bad.
I smiled and walked over to him. One thing led to another and I had somehow made it into his lap. I was in all honesty, lost to the moment. I craved closeness and clothes were just a hindrance. I figured Sherlock did too because he kept playing with the buttons of my trousers. “Take them off,” I told him. “No,” he said, still playing with them. He broke the kiss, and smiled wickedly. “I can’t. Doctor’s orders,” he laughed.
“Isn’t that great Sherlock?” he said, his eyes full of an envious wonder. His expression always went like this when we talked about marriage. He longed for that sort of companionship so bad. Or maybe he just wanted sex. I could never be sure.
Marriage isn’t as bad as I thought, I guess. John has never bored me. I still solve cases, but a lot of them are “The case of Rosie’s missing shoe”. I do go on real cases. It is still my favorite pastime.
I looked at her. I felt attacked a little. She wasn’t wrong, though. “I want you to start with Molly, though. Only when you are ready. You have plenty of time. Remember to care for yourself too. These conversations are ones that need to be had, but you need to heal too. Don’t feel rushed. It doesn’t have to be today.”
“I would like to know why, but if you want, we can discuss this at a later date?” I said, taking a bite of the food in front of me, forgetting that it was hot.
His breath caught. I let him have this snippet of truth in hopes he will give me some of his own. Fair trade, afterall. “Sherlock. You don’t understand,” he said.
“I think that couple just broke up because of them,” I laughed and pointed to two angry women. As I turned to see if John was laughing, I saw he was giving me a look similar to the “When will this be us?” look. It isn’t the same thing though. It was “When will this be you?” Or “When will this be me?” Not us. Never us.
He rose up, and looked confused at my face. I smiled, and I couldn’t help it. He was just so cute that I laughed a little. He looked absolutely mortified. “What?” he said defensively. “What is so funny?” he demanded. I realized he was getting really upset.
“Yes hello. Are we still on for tonight?” Sherlock asked. He was nervous. I smiled despite myself. This is the Sherlock he thinks he hides well, and maybe he does, but he can’t hide from me. This is what I am going to focus on. Not her betrayal, not her death. Nothing but him. I smiled. “Yeah, we are,” I told him. I could hear the smile in his voice as he said, “Good, I thought as such, but it doesn’t hurt to check.”
We were allowed to walk away as they sent the men off. John struggled to walk. “If you had charged the one with the gun first then your leg would be fine,” I said. He glared at me. “How did that happen, anyway?” I asked.
I sighed and removed the remainder of my clothes. My skin was equally red everywhere the soup touched. I turned on thd tap as I heard John go into my room. I took my time showering, so he’d have time to find something that fit him. Of that was close enough to fitting him.
“Well how about we get your mind off John? Maybe all you need to do to fix what’s going on is step back a little?” she suggested.
“Like?” John said. I guess I could have figured out he was baiting me. He had to see the blush that I felt on my skin. He had to see the irritation. I fell for it anyway.
I walked over to where he sat. I sat on the arm of the couch, and I let myself slide to lay across his lap. He smiled down at me and played with my hair.
He wasn’t going for a job interview either. I guess that didn't make sense. He already works at a hospital. Then what?
He crawled into that spot, and we laid there together. I quickly found out he was an aggressive cuddler. He had a death grip on me, and I didn’t mind it too much. I loved this closeness. I kissed him and fell asleep despite the mild discomfort in my lower region.
Right now all I can think about is how much I miss John. I just want to be around him. Like old times. Like when I would lean over his shoulder to see what he’s writing for him to shut his lap top. It would be as nice as that time I teased him when he accidentally called me “Love”. It would be like our rainy days, huddled up here in our flat, staying as far as possible from each other, but I would have never felt so close.
“Have fun boys!” she called, as Sherlock and I walked out the door. I hailed a cab. He and I got into the back of the cab. We were quiet, neither of us saying a word. I am fairly sure that I stopped breathing at one point. It was so stupid. I have been closer than this to him before, so why was it so different now?
When I finished, it was five pages long and I realized it was dark out. Rain fell hard outside. I checked my phone. It wasn’t too late. It was only 8:30. I was debating food when I got a text.
I looked at her. She crossed her arms and leaned on to one leg. She looked as though she was going to scold me. Despite the fact that I am a grown ass man, I decided to humor her.
“You’re sweating an abnormal amount for it to be a perfectly decent temperature. You mirror my stances. You are blushing an awful lot, and your pupils were quite an abnormal size. Not just now, but at dinner and every other time I catch you staring at me. You shave when I ask. You put up with my arrogance. You spend a lot of time staring at my lips. You-”
“Thank you for taking her, by the way. I was sure I was going to have to wait another time,” John said.
He looked me in my eyes. He sighed, and extended the letter to me. I handed him the one I wrote. I was so happy to have my treasure back, but then reality hit. I was sure my face was crimson. He held my confession. It was five pages long, and I can’t remember exactly what I wrote. I was beyond embarrassed. I had to literally go do anything. I couldn’t stand there and watch.
I looked up at her. I was forming the “Yes,” but my words got caught in my throat. Were we ready? “I don’t know,” I admitted. “John?” I heard Sherlock call from upstairs. “You’re here? What time is it?” he asked. He looked down to where me and Mrs. Hudson sat. “Oh I’m late! Give me ten minutes and I’ll be down!” he called.
“I already have, and I can’t be scared now. I have been hiding for years Mrs. Hudson. I don’t want to anymore. I want to get on with my life. This is how I’m going to do it. No more secrets, no more lies. I know I am being a bit dramatic, but it’s true. Besides, it’s no big deal. Dinner and a movie. We’ve done this before. Never, as you know, but still. Nothing to get worked up about. Right?” I said. Mrs. Hudson smiled and hugged me. “I am so proud of you boys,” she said. The only response I could think of was, “Thank you,”.
“He should make a quick recovery,” John said, startling Sherlock. He turned to see John and Mary arm in arm. I was so happy for them. They truly deserved this. Happiness. Normalcy.
“He’s going to go kill his family if we don’t stop him,” I said, getting up and pulling him with me.
We eventually broke to breathe. I let him caress my face gently in his hands. He looked at me with such tenderness, with so much love that I could have melted. “That was gross,” I said, leaning into his hand. I smiled. “Do it again.”
“You did nothing wrong!” he yelled. “Can’t we drop this? Why do you even care?” Oh, he was trying to redirect the topic. Not today Watson.
“Because this is getting annoying, and I am tired of the conversation. It seems to be the only thing anyone wants to talk about. Why is everyone obsessed with this?” I asked, taking a sip of my wine. It was cheap, but still better tasting than hard liquor. I didn’t look at John. “People seem to love pain. They keep setting themselves up for it. That makes no sense to me, and I have no interest in signing up for the pain. That’s insanity!” I said.
It’s a simple trick that I can’t believe that I fell for. It’s one thing for people to make jokes or insinuate that John and I are together, but it was another to be directly asked if I had feelings for him. The body has a way of betraying the mind that sometimes can’t be hidden. It really wasn’t my fault.
He went in and I stayed outside. I recited over and over, “Just a game. Just a game. It’s just a game.”
She sighed and looked away. “I think I always knew, but was letting myself stay in the dark,” she said. “I didn’t let myself believe it until I stepped back and looked at everything, and I think you should do the same. After you blew me off the other day, I decided to ask myself why. I know this sounds desperate, but forgetting I knew who you are and looking at you through the eyes of a stranger helped me realize…” she looked away.
“Because I was actively avoided. You ignored my calls and texts. You had me think that I was in the wrong! I have the right to know why!” I got a little closer to his face.
We laughed. “Yes, you may?” I said. He took my face in his hands, and brought our lips together. This one was different from the one I had given him. It was stiff at first. Mostly because I was not accustomed to this. I eventually relaxed into the kiss. It was sweet and slow. We were experimenting, after all. I explored his mouth with my tongue. I wrapped my arms around him, and John had his hands in my hair.
“Sherlock, when saying ‘It isn’t you, it’s me,’ is almost an insult, you do know that? Look, you just went through something traumatic and-”
“But that was a few years ago,” I said to my therapist. John suggested it, obviously. He said I had been acting weird lately. That is to be expected of someone who just remembered they had a sister that then tortured me. It was quite a bit. I still can’t bring myself to talk to Molly. John said he had explained everything to her, but what I did, what I said. I have no right to be forgiven by her. I didn’t even have the nerve to face her. I still have to kill Mycroft, seeing as this was all his fault.
I realized I just allowed myself to admit that I loved him as he jumped on the back of the larger man. He let me go, only to ram John on his back into the wall. I caught my breath best I could and charged the man with the gun as John fought the bigger man.
“I thought you were at home?” I yelled back, throwing on the first pair of sweatpants that I found and a t-shirt from off the ground. I was in my house alone and I detest clothes, so I decided to be naked. I am now regretting that choice as I walk downstairs to where he was to see him in fairly decent clothes. I passed by a mirror on the way down. I looked like hell.
John had this expression on his face. It was odd. He looked almost devastated, but his eyes and actions said something else entirely. He pulled me into a tight embrace. “That was good. Very good,” he said, tears in his eyes.
I hate you because you jumped. I hate you because when you died, so did I. I said this wasn’t a suicide note, and it isn’t. I don’t have to kill myself Sherlock. I’m already dead. I died that day with you. I choose to hate you because I have to. It’s the only thing keeping me sane. I’m falling apart and the only thing that is keeping me even slightly together is my anger. Being mad is keeping me from acknowledging that I couldn’t help you. Being mad at you is keeping me from realizing that this is in some part my fault. I don’t how I could have helped you, but I would try. I would have done anything. I loved you. I loved you so much. I still do. That is what I’m the most  angry about. I love you, but I can’t think of you without seeing you on the pavement with the blood pooling around you. I hate you because when I remember you, I can’t seem to remember your pouty, sleepy face. I can’t seem to remember what you look like before.
They were fighting for a while until the man was subdued on the ground. “Not that I’m questioning you,” John said, huffing. “How do you know this is a murderer?” John asked.
“I am the most observant man in the world, John. I do have a few theories,” I confessed. I took his wrist gently in my hand. “Your pulse is going abnormally fast.” I said.
“It-it was hard for me to understand and accept at first,” he said slowly. “I wasn’t used to feeling much; I avoided feelings like the plague. If I had to pick the moment I think it all began was when I had you run all over London. Or perhaps ‘It’s okay. All of it’.” I sat quietly. Could he have had feelings for me for that long? How did I not notice?
“...Where is John?” Sherlock finally asked, his voice suddenly much quieter and less imperious than before. There are few words in the English language to describe emotions so carefully concealed and masked as in the Holmes brothers' faces, but Sherlock could sense the older Holmes felt uneasy.
Doubts, and surprisingly a plethora of other, no less unpleasant emotions, came at night. During the day Sherlock usually managed to busy himself with his laptop and his inquiries, and another case Lestrade had given him, although that one wasn't too exciting in the first place. Mrs Hudson checked on him from time to time, brought tea and biscuits (not your housekeeper, but your friend) and talked to him about lovers' quarrels and whatever, he barely listened to her. Molly came by once, to check on the exit wound on his back, a rather painful and awkward scene he didn't wish to repeat. She had sat with him and talked a bit about her work, and some promising new cases, anything that wasn't in any way related to John Watson.
Thanks to whatever deity people liked to refer to, John dozed off soon, and Sherlock could relax just the slightest bit. John had not made any sexual advances yet, and maybe he wouldn't for a while. After all, their last encounter-
“I am pleased to see you're finally awake.” Mycroft stated as he poured water into the cup. He gave Sherlock a stiff smile as he handed it to his younger brother, who snatched it from him, grimacing in pain. For a few seconds, he just drank, so greedy that he started to wonder how long he had been out.
"Of course, denial is an understandable initial reaction..." Sherlock began, but John's glare willed him into silence before he could finish the sentence.
“John.” Sherlock finally said as he had ended and spotted John sitting in the armchair. A slight shade of red crept onto the pale man's face, and he ushered to put his violin away.
He closed his eyes. He opened them again and got up. He paced through the living room for a while. He stared at the skull on his fireplace with a blank expression. Moriarty loved every second of it.
I apologise it took me this long to write this chapter, but it is quite an important one - Act I is finally coming to an end, and I want to do it properly. So enjoy this -quite long, I think my longest chapter yet? - new chapter!!! Also, thank you so much for your ongoing support and encouraging comments... I wouldn't still be writing this if it wasn't for you guys!!! Thanks a thousand!! <3
John didn't move an inch, his muscles locked and tense. For a moment Sherlock just stared at them, then he spun around to put his coat away. Had all of this...?
“I had contemplated wearing my nurse-outfit, but I figured it'd distract you too much from getting some rest. And we wouldn't want that, would we.” Moriarty's voice was a blasphemous mocking of a loving mother's concerned tone, and it made Sherlock's head spin. Just existing and listening seemed to take up all his energy, and he would probably have fallen asleep hadn't Moriarty gently nudged him awake with an elbow to his ribs. He gasped.
“We’re just working together. She’s a nurse, you know? And I thought she’s only recently started this new job, and she’s new to the whole clinic and not from here and…” he realised he was babbling midsentence, and forced himself to shut up. “I just wanted to get to know her.”
It was a casual Sunday afternoon, John chasing after Sherlock chasing after some petty criminal who was involved with other petty criminals in ways only Sherlock understood. The crowded streets of London rushed by whilst the taller man got closer and closer to the anonymous figure, bumping into various peasants and sprinting on irrespective of the smaller man who whispered apologies to the dishevelled bystanders and slowly but steadily fell back. When he finally caught up with Sherlock, the detective was already on the ground, hovering about the figure he had chased down and panting with exertion. It was obvious that a fight had ensued, for Sherlock looked heavily bruised and held himself in a way that suggested some pretty decent punches or kicks to his stomach and ribcage, but at least he had had won the upper hand. John could hear police sirens in the distance and quickly knelt down next to his best friend to help him secure their attacker until Lestrade would arrive. Sherlock was still gasping for air, and apparently in pain, but as he finally shot a look at John, his eyes were glowing with excitement. A great deal of detective work, a great deal of calling in favours, and a great deal of running and fighting. A perfect Sunday evening.
John still did not move a muscle. Sherlock seemed to get irritated, as if he had hoped for a different reaction, but he dared not take his eyes off the man in front of him.
He felt his whole muscles lock in on themselves as John's fingers went further, sliding in between his crack. Further. When they probed at his tender entrance, a strangled sob escaped from his throat. No. No no no, not like this.
Sherlock finally stepped towards them, eyeing Moriarty who occupied his chair. When neither Moriarty nor John made a move, he gestured towards the simple chair next to him.
Mary gave the phone in her hand an exasperated look. She didn’t even bother with asking how Sherlock had managed to get her private number – had hacked into John’s less private phone for sure, or asked his pesky brother - or to explain that John was examining a patient. Sherlock really behaved like a spoiled little brat sometimes. That ought not to concern her, but the inefficacy of whatever schemes and intricacies John came up with to handle the moody detective usually resulted in temper tantrums that either Mary or Jim had to deal with. Actually, it was similar to taking care of two brats at once.
Sherlock uttered some sort of laugh, but it sounded more distressed than amused. “Based on my observations of your prior encounters with various women frequenting your room, I assume you're wrong. I appreciate your intentions, though.”
He had never been one for crying, or emotional outbursts, and he certainly wouldn't start now. Nonetheless, keeping his composure demanded effort of herculean proportions, and he was barely able to keep up the performance. He finally excused himself, at which John gave him a weird look, and went to bed.
. There had to have been a reason for all of this, a cause, nothing of it made sense – he slowly went back into his room and picked up – carefully, painfully – the discarded weapon that still lay on the floor next to his bed. He unlocked the safety. He had to know. If there was any certainty to be found in this, it was all he could hope for.
Sherlock gave him a smile, and moved his face a fraction closer to John's. It took him a while to realise Sherlock was – was hoping for a kiss. It was quick, and awkward, but as John hurried out of the house both of them couldn't help but grin.
Surprisingly, Sherlock didn't cry. There was some moisture accumulating in his eyes, indeed. But he didn't cry.
Sherlock gave him a quivering smile, but he still looked uncertain. It was weird to see him like that, so open and vulnerable. John loved every minute of it. He pressed a chaste kiss to Sherlock's forehead, and the detective sighed nearly inaudibly.
100 Kudos, thank you so, so much!!! I'm really glad you guys seem to enjoy my story, especially since it is the first one I actually ever published. And thank you for your ongoing support! ❤️
Sherlock was silent, for a while. A muscle in his cheek was twitching as he seemed to wreck his brain for an answer that would be satisfactory to John. John's obvious erection pressing into his thigh didn't make things any easier.
thank you so, so, so much for your comments and all the feedback I've been getting! It means so much to me, and inspires me to come back to this story again and again, even though Season 4 almost scared me off of Sherlock... almost.
For a moment Sherlock pondered on whether John was referring to his mind or his body. “You did rape me, regardless of your reasoning.”, he tried, but John didn't look appeased in the slightest. He was starting to look desperate, but before he could rant on, Moriarty interrupted their arguing with a sharp whistling. Both men's heads turned to him, irritated as if they had forgotten he was actually there.
“That would... that wouldn't make any sense, would it?” John slowly began. “If Moriarty was just an actor, wouldn't it be stupid of him to even come here?“
“Bye-bye, darling” he whispered, when he had shot a frame that captured Sherlock in just the perfect angle - “I wish I was that photogenic. You're stunning.”
“DON’T you dare-“ John snapped back, biting his tongue. Sherlock had actually flinched, and it gave John a too pleasant twitch that he chose to ignore, too. “Don’t you dare to joke about this-“ The pitch was back in his voice, as if he was being choked up. Metaphorically speaking, he was – the anger was back, pooling in his gut and rising up his throat, daring him to scream and spill out all those secrets and accusations and the truth and
” – that had not been meant to come out as high pitched as it did, “that Mary is working with Moriarty?”
am.” he exclaimed in an overly dramatic voice, his face contorting as if he might faint. And they said Sherlock was a drama queen. The two girls giggled, but finally went their way.
“Breadcrumbs all over London, plain in sight so that even Scotland Yard notices them, a deception, but from what – Moriarty is playing a game, he always is, but he's not interested in Scotland Yard, he's trying to tell me something-” he rattled on without even hearing John. It was one of his rapid inner monologues where his lips just followed his thoughts, his eyes nearly bulging out of their sockets. Something was off.
A single fingerprint of a dead man appearing on a letter addressed at Sherlock Holmes. Missing fingers. Missing evidence from the crime scene. Traces of water in places where it hadn't rained in days and more fingers and toes appearing, reaching a total number of 23. Both male, both dead.
“I trust you with my life, John.”, he finally said. His voice was not remotely as shaky as he looked, and John raised an eyebrow.
“...” Sherlock still stared. There was something he needed to know, but he just didn't have it in him to ask. John's wrists were still bound, the skin under them red and sore. He had struggled. Was this Moriarty playing a perverse version of overprotective avenger, or...-
The few minutes the cab took to get him through the streets of Westminster to 221B were enough to calm his anger of uncertain origin. Instead, he felt a tentative sense of excitement arise in himself, but decided not to question it too much. He didn’t expect Sherlock to be apologetic for interrupting his shift that had only just begun – as if Sherlock had ever worried about causing others any inconvenience before. But when he finally entered their living room, he expected to find Sherlock in the panic that had seeped through his voice when they had talked just a few minutes before. What he had not expected was the maniacal grin that threatened to tear the detective’s face apart – Sherlock was positively ecstatic.
Sherlock’s mind was racing. He gave John a hesitant nod, bracing himself for the storm he knew was coming – John could be so, so stubborn, so stupid – but what was worse than that; he could see in John’s face that John
Sherlock bridged the few inches between their faces, drawing his face closer to John's until their noses poked into each other's cheeks. He could feel John take in a surprised breath, felt the air against his lips, and he felt how much his own lips trembled. Their bodies were pressed up close, and like in a trance he brought up one hand to cup the side of John's head. Finally, finally, John leaned forward and put his lips on Sherlock's.
“Well good morning, Sherlock! Lovely to see you.” Moriarty greeted him in a delighted sing-song of a voice, without even turning his head towards the detective. “Some tea would be lovely, by the way. Johnny-boy?”
“...If Moriarty sent you..” he began, carefully pronouncing each syllable; probably PTSD or some other sort of psychological trauma, experienced in fighting close-range, left-handed, used to work as a medic - “..John?”
When he finally opened the door to their living room, he came home to many things which were out of place: One of them was John, so apparently he had left work earlier or had not gone at all, and his expression was one of absolute terror. He'd locked his jaw with a stern expression and glared at the second issue present: Moriarty.
They turned around another corner into a street that was a little quieter. There were fewer people on it, too, but Sherlock didn't expect Moriarty to jump or try to attack him. Not his style.
“And I don’t like to share.” He emptied his cup. Sherlock had not even touched his, and just kept staring into nothing. After a while, Jim took his cup, too, and emptied it with a few greedy gulps.
John sighed again. With a glance at Sherlock he put his phone aside and got up. For a while he kept looming over his sleeping flatmate, and carefully studied the way Sherlock's rib cage rose with every breath, the way his eyes flickered rapidly under their lids, the way his lips parted just the tiniest bit. For a moment he felt compelled to just bow down and kiss these lips, just a gentle and innocent kiss- he dismissed the thought. He just had to be patient.
Half an hour later they both sat in the living room, a fire burning in the fireplace and the telly running without anyone taking conscious note of it. They had ordered Chinese food, it was warm and comfortable, and they were mocking each other. Sherlock complained elaborately about the simplicity of the case, uttering a dramatic, agonised groan.
“John, John, thank god you’re finally here, listen, John, it finally makes sense, it all makes sense-“
Silence settled between them. John’s features were set in stone, but his fists were shaking. Sherlock tried to focus on his breathing, still not removing his eyes from John. He should probably offer advice, or condolences, or try to be social – but that wasn’t him. So he waited. John had to realise Sherlock was right – he
John suppressed a grown of his own as he pulled out slowly, until just the tip was left buried in his flatmate. This was too good to be true, and he wanted this to last as long as he could eventually control himself. Another push forward, and this time the primal growl made its way past his locked jaw, guttural and raw. Sherlock whimpered. He had buried his head in his arms, and John took in the sight of the taller man's body rocking forth with every push John made, the way his muscles had clenched tightly, trembling with exertion and fear, how his laboured breaths shook his whole frame. Another thrust. Another.
“What?” John said from the kitchen where he set about to cook them some dinner. Take out was fine for a while, but once in a while he craved some real food. “You'll have to speak louder, Sherlock!”
With that, Sherlock was gone. Molly still stared at the door he had slammed shut behind him, wondering how he could move like that with a gunshot wound only a few days old. She also wondered many other things about Sherlock, but she would most likely never get an answer to those questions anyway. Sherlock truly was a miracle, with all its good and bad implications. She didn't expect any empathy or politeness on his side anyway, not anymore, but even for his standards, he was acting strangely.
John nodded, although he was aware Sherlock couldn’t see him. The silence told him Sherlock was probably choosing his words very carefully, debating with himself whether to utter them at all.
John gaped at him at that. For the first time, something close to embarrassment seeped into Sherlock’s eyes, and he licked his lips. For just a second, he seemed to consider his words.
“Just wondering. People might talk.” Sherlock carefully eyed his surroundings, checking for any of Moriarty's men lurking around. So far, only tourists, and businessmen on their phones, and a few lonely joggers on their way to Regent's park.
“John,” he rasped. “Let me... if you want, I'll-” He slid his slim fingers under John's boxer shorts, and quickly slid them down. It was a bit difficult based on the fact that John was still hovering over him, but he got it done. But instead of letting go of Sherlock, John's hands grabbed him by the shoulders and as Sherlock realised John was about to turn him onto his stomach, he began to struggle. He had no intention of hurting John, but the implication of him lying on his stomach with John looming above him flickered into his mind too quickly; against his will, he didn't even want to consider the possibility of something like that ensuing-
Sherlock's eyes carefully checked out the room. Mycroft leaned back in his chair, waiting for Sherlock to say anything. How come talking to him was always such a pain in the ass?
Sherlock was staring at nothing, hands folded in front of his face and thoughts spinning. Indeed, he was thinking about John, about John's soft lips and gentle caresses, and somehow his mind refused to compute. He ought to have been insanely happy, but instead his mind kept bogging him. Emotions and feelings always were complicated and intricate – not to mention stupid and insignificant – factors that were only an inconvenience to his deductive skills. Nonetheless, the fact that he had fallen for John was an undeniable, slightly uncomfortable insight he had to come to terms with. How were they going to go on after... this?
“And what kind of statement would that be.” John seemed rather on edge, as if he was about to burst into shouts any moment. Sherlock carefully checked his surroundings before looking back at John.
“No, no no no, this is what it should have looked like in case someone got to her - but it was all part of her plan - “
“You, uhm.” John twitched involuntarily as Sherlock's long fingers wrapped around his length. “You surely have done that before, haven't you.” Sherlock's face contorted with an obscene mixture of concentration and distaste, and it made John hard as a rock. He could hardly believe Sherlock was really doing this, and he reached out a hand to touch Sherlock's face. The detective turned red.
Sherlock steeled himself at that, his jaw stiff. He took a deep breath, determination seeping into his features. He
“Oh, yeah, yes. Sleep.” Sherlock mumbled, looking somewhat distraught. Something seemed to be on his mind, but at the same time he couldn't bring himself to face it. It was probably John.
“Why aren't you? Either way: John Watson is absolutely obsessed with you, to the point where he'd manipulate you and conceptualise a whole world just for your sake – or you had the most devoted, loving flatmate in the history of mankind and I fucked the two of you p just the tiniest bit. It's a win-win.”
Sherlock didn’t respond for a second or two, then he opened the door a tad further, and Moriarty let himself in.
Anyways, here is a short new chapter for you guys. I apologize for the long wait! And thank you again for sticking with me and poor, poor Sherlock! :)))
There is an abundance of expressions the English language offers to describe an epiphany, but the linguistic details of the epiphany Sherlock experienced are of minor importance. Whether a realisation had struck like lightning, a penny had dropped or a spark had lightened the bonfire that was his mind; whether those metaphors referred to electricity or light; within a second, Sherlock was frantic movement and pure, unconcealed panic.
“...Mycroft.” Sherlock finally rasped, his voice cracking. His face twitched as his brother moved to take a plastic cup from Sherlock's bedside table. "It makes no sense whatsoever to have an umbrella inside a hospital room."
“What, maybe I just want to spend a lovely evening with you? Have some dinner, some wine and maybe something more?”
Molly nodded, too overwhelmed by the woman's warmth and cordiality. Maybe interacting with living, talking people for once would do both of them some good.
“I can...” Sherlock gulps, his voice is actually quivering. “ Maybe I can just..” His fingers carefully travelled down John's side, towards the pressing issue between them.
“Molly! How lovely to see you, dear!”, she smiled, and entered the room to properly greet her. “How lovely of you to come by and visit Sherlock. He's not quite himself lately, but he sure does appreciate it.”
“You...You must be Sherlock, John's flatmate?” She greeted him, offering a hand Sherlock had no intention of taking.
John ignored the older Holmes’ remark, and instead eyed him with suspicion plastered over his features. “Let me guess, this is about Sherlock?”
Yes, she had seen him, she admitted when he asked her. Yes, a cup of tea would be great, thank you. Yes, John had seemed alright. No, he hadn't talked to her about Sherlock or anything that had happened. No, about nothing in particular, but he could see she was lying to him about that one.
“Well, I may just be an actor, but let me give you some advice:-" He leaned in as if to tell a secret, his face uncomfortably close to Sherlock's neck. "Listen to your heart.”
That said, I was really surprised so many of you are still reading this! Thank you for your kind comments and encouragements, they really mean more than you can imagine! I read every single one of them!!! I've tried myself at writing these characters again, but it's been a while - I hope you still like it! :)
John interrupted him, disbelief in his voice. “What? No, no, nonsense. Sherlock, I know this is awkward, but it was definitely mutual. As far as I'm concerned.”
Mycroft finally shot him an exasperated look, and at that moment, he looked so concerned and tired that Sherlock finally sat down opposite of his brother, in John’s chair. Mycroft’s eyebrows jumped for a split second.
Sherlock's eyes flashed towards him, eyeing the doctor for the first time. Sunken shoulders, avoiding eye contact. Has not been sleeping properly for a few days, also not properly taken care of himself, armed, apparently insecure about how to proceed due to prior encounter-
“If he actually managed to manipulate any of the information present on him, I will find out. Nonetheless, let me assure you... the capacities required for such actions are far beyond those of the John Watson I am acquainted with.” Another pause. Mycroft opened the door, still lost in contemplation. John Watson had done his brother so much good, had probably saved him from an abyss of drugs and madness that Mycroft didn't even want to remember. “The John Watson I know,” he finally continued, so quietly Sherlock was barely able to understand it, “is a good man.”
Mary was not sure how she felt about the whole Sherlock-ordeal. In the beginning, she had thought John’s obsession with Sherlock would be a fleeting crush, some guy to shag and then forget – up until then she hadn’t even been aware that John was into men as well. Maybe she should have seen it coming, John’s possessiveness and obsessiveness once he wanted something (or someone) and Sherlock being brilliant (enough) and… lonely. Most people would have found it quite sad.
This was too easy. Sherlock almost closed his mouth, almost breathed – but that smile stayed on his lips.
“Please rest assured I have no intention to invade your or my brother’s privacy,” Mycroft added, still looking uneasy. “For my part, you moving in with my brother was a welcome …change.” He had considered that last word especially thoughtfully. “He was in a bad place before he met you, Dr Watson. He owes you a lot. In fact, I do owe you.”
“Moriarty is talking to me. The letter we received, the one with the dead man's fingerprints... it also had yours all over it.”
When John removed his fingers and Sherlock felt the mattress shift from John positioning himself, a final rush of adrenaline made him lunge forward in a last, desperate attempt to get away. He wanted out. He wanted out of this nightmare, wherein his John - A pained cry came from his lips as John got hold of his waist, and shoved him back onto his stomach. He felt his flatmate's weight settle on himself, he felt John's hand grabbing Sherlock's wrist whilst the other one removed the final layer of clothes from Sherlock, leaving him bare. Not a single word.
“Yes, why don’t we go somewhere else?” He smiled, blushing lightly. I loved it when he did that. “Okay, if that is what you want?” he said.
“Not that I don’t love that you did this, but we are not the kind for this. Not yet at least. Let's go somewhere else?” I suggested.
“Yes, her betrayal bothered me. Her death was a shock, but it has nothing to do with how this is going. I think that I, we, are just nervous,” I said. He looked at me, searching. His eyes told me that even though he would never admit it, he needed this. He needed a good night with good company. He had been through so much. I put him through so much. He needed one night of just fun. A night with no worries. He needed this.
“I am willing to trade,” I said. “I’ll give you this one I wrote, if you give me the one you wrote. No burning. I must warn you, there is no poetry in mine.”
I pulled him close for a kiss. Rosie threw her flower petals around. I kissed him. We closed the gap between us. His hands were on my hips. My hands caressed his face. Rosie tugged at my coat.
I could do nothing but laugh a little. All intelligent thought had gone out the window. He locked eyes with me. God I wanted to kiss him. I wanted to kiss him so badly, but he cleared his throat, and stood to the side. “Where is your flat now?” he asked. I could breathe now, but I hated it.
“Sherlock, I know you. You have feelings like every other person on the face of the Earth,” he sighed. “I honestly don’t understand what you have against feeling things. It’s completely natural and it can be-” he started, but I was tired of the conversation so I started snoring obnoxiously loud. “See? There you go! Why do you hate talking about this?” John asked.
“You’re right. I don’t, and you know I hate not understanding things. I won’t understand unless you tell me,” I said, leaning towards him ever so slightly. He wouldn’t meet my eyes. “Sherlock, can’t you just live with my being sorry? I can’t explain. You wouldn’t like it. You find feelings disgusting don’t you? Human error? Why would I make you deal with something you find so disgusting?” he said. It felt like a punch to the gut.
“It’s okay; I know you’re shy. It’s cute, honestly,” he said. “You aren’t used to this sort of thing. It’s just how you are.”
He groaned. “How am I supposed to enjoy seeing you like this when as soon as they come in you’re going to jump up?”
“Sherlock, I know how you love my husband. I know. I always knew. You can fool him, and maybe most of the world, but you can’t fool me. So I’m going to apologize to you. I’m sorry. You probably hate me. I don’t know how you do it. Because there were moments when I wanted to kill you. He would run to you, always. This isn’t me bashing you. No one can help who they love. When you helped plan our wedding, I couldn’t wrap my head around it. The amount of pain in your eyes when he wasn’t looking. You know, he called you selfish once. He said that it was in your nature when you were dead. I now see he was just hurt. You never made a move while we were together. I was still jealous of the two of you sometimes, you know. Even after we married. Even when he was mad at you, I could tell he loved you. He holds you on a pedestal. He’ll always run to you. He can’t help himself. That’s why you have to save him. I’ll have more details in the video. BURN THIS NOTE
“No no no no no, Sherlock. No. I’m just thinking about how stupid I’ve been. I’m so sorry,” he said, coming to sit by me.
“Don’t be. I made this decision on my own. Isn’t that right, Rosie?” I said. She whined in response.
“No. No! I was just about to sit.” He sat and started to eat the food that was left out for him. “This is good, hmm?” he said, awkwardly.
But then why was my body freaking out? I was hot and cold. My heart hammered like a bass drum. He was so close. He looked so what girls would call cute. That face was so tired, but so kind. I never understood why his heart was so big. How can he have gone through so much and seen so much, and still have regard for anybody. I sure as hell didn’t.
“John. I-” I didn’t have the words. This plan was a disaster. How do I explain something like how I feel to him? I hardly understand myself. “I feel for you,” doesn’t sound like it’s enough. I took his hand and placed it on my own, quickly beating my heart. It was like a drum in my ears as I held John's hand to my chest.
He scowled at me. That sent a little jolt of something go through me. I didn’t have time to stop what I was saying. I didn’t really know what I was saying.
“No, I want to be with you for a little while at least. We’ve had a long day. There were a lot of people,” he said.
“Are you ever curious about the feeling?” he asked. “The ones that would make you do the stupid things? Don’t you ever wonder what they are like?” he asked, making eye contact. My stomach started to ache very slightly. It was a nauseating feeling. My chest felt like it was going to explode. My heart hammered as my chest got tighter and tighter. I blushed despite myself. I didn’t mean to. I didn’t know why I was.
“Still, it was perfect Sherlock,” she said, letting go of her husband to wrap me in a hug. I liked Mary. I liked her so much. She deserved him.
I could smell mint and wine on his breath. He was so close. His closeness was consuming me. I struggled to keep my breath steady. It felt like an eternity, and I didn’t mind it. He leaned into my ear and whispered, “I’ll teach you.”
She stopped mid sentence. I suddenly realized how loud I said that. I looked around. Those words have never left my lips before. It wasn’t really a secret, I don’t guess, but I have never said them outloud before. Heat rose to my cheeks. This was not how this was supposed to go.
Mary is having a baby, and I could not be more happy. They loved the wedding I worked so hard to make go smoothly. My speech went great. I caught a would be killer. I was happy. I was so happy for them. I was so happy that I didn’t let the tears fall until I was out of sight and ear shot.
“Oh don’t tell me you pulled the ‘It isn’t you, it’s me,’ thing. If so, I hope she slapped the hell out of you.”
I was mortified. He was just getting a spoon and I all but jumped out of my skin. I am beyond pathetic. I took off the soup stained shirt. Underneath my skin was a bright red color. I had been scalded because I am so weak. I bet he’s getting a laugh out of this. I bet he’s already coming up with jokes for when I come out of the shower.
But I somehow got on this topic. I don’t know how. Oh yes, letters. What is it with therapists and letters? She wanted me to write an apology to Molly. I told her that letters are a dumb idea. We went down a rabbit hole.
“Why in bloody hell would I use a plate that I will have to wash when the container works perfectly well?” I asked, walking to where he was standing. I could smell his cologne. It was freshly applied. He doesn’t have a car. It’s probably in the satchel, but he doesn't normally keep a bag. He finds them to be a pain. Odd.
“So? They have ‘Scientific evidence’ of ghosts too. Look, I am not saying it’s not real, but I don’t understand it. I don’t understand how people will give up themselves for another person who possibly doesn’t feel the same way?” I said, realizing that I may have given him too much to work with.
I had to stop him. That little piece of paper meant everything to me. I had to give him something in return. I quickly grabbed my letter to him. I started to read outloud.
Or maybe he’d be pulling me gently to a bed we shared? Maybe we’d already be there and I would finally know why people like to cuddle?
It was my party. John insisted I have one this year. It was the perfect time to prove I wasn’t sacred, but now that I was up in front of our friends, I went blank.
“I’ve missed you,” I said before I could stop myself. I felt that tightness in my chest and the heat on my cheeks. Oh god what have I done?
John stopped. He turned to see what I had in my hand. His eyes widened. “Sherlock?” he said, holding his letter in his hand over the stove.
“No, it’s ruining my dinner,” I said, but I doubted he was listening. I watched as lovers made the faces that read, “When will that be us?” It was disgusting. It was pathetic, but even I had flashes of wedding bells. Not for me of course, why would I ever imagine that?
“I never said that!” I said. “I said love was. I never said it was disgusting! I just said I didn’t understand it! Is that really why you’ve been avoiding me? Because I insulted your ideals as a helpless romantic?” I demanded, raising my voice.
You would have thought I offered the man sex. He was way too excited for a nap. I felt like he practically dragged me to get in a comfortable position on the couch. He used me for a pillow.
“I would like to talk to you,” I said, taking my place on the couch and placing his hurt foot on my lap to elevate it. His eyes opened a little more, but he didn’t say anything. “I feel as though I am owed an explanation,” I continued.
Later that afternoon, I held Rosie in a coffee shop. I bounced her a little on my knee. I felt a little bad for using our goddaughter in my favor, but I needed an excuse to see her that she couldn’t refuse. I had to get things right again. Only I could.
“Sherlock. You have to understand. You have never told her no, and that gives her hope that maybe that you may feel the same,” he tried to defend her.
I was so deep in concentration that I didn’t notice that snow had begun to fall until flakes hit me in the face with an icy chill that brought me out of my concentrated daze.
“Yes,” he said, sitting on the opposite side of the bed from me. “Also you’re wrong Sherlock, your poetry is so beautiful,” he said.
“Please,” he said, sitting on the arm of the couch. I went to make us both a cup, shaking. Damn tea. It was just a kiss, so damn, why was the world so against me getting one?
“Oh? Sherlock, what would you know about that?” he asked, eyes boring into me. I wasn’t even drunk, and here I am, saying too much. He leaned in, trapping me with his eyes. He was studying me. Is this how my clients felt? I felt like he was trying to stare into my soul.
Love. It’s funny that I will let myself think of that now. I have loved Sherlock for a while. I didn’t really understand it. I have loved before, but I have never fell that hard, that fast before. In all honesty, it scared me. Sherlock had to have known. It was torture. I would date girl after girl to try and forget. After all, he was married to his work.
I smiled to cover up a wince as I put the frozen peas on my head. I handed one bag to him. “Don’t be. If you hadn’t suspected me of such, I would think you are more of an idiot than you are. I am pleased to know you’re learning,” I said.
Sherlock yawned, and was obviously upset about it. “Damn,” he whined. I chuckled. “You were shot,” I reminded him. “But the night has barely begun,” he protested. “Well we can watch a movie here,” I suggested. “You could just go home tomorrow?” I offered.
I rolled my eyes. “I shouldn’t have to say the obvious, John. If she loves me, it’s her own human error. There is little to nothing I can do about that. If I continue to pretend that I don’t know, maybe she will get the hint and leave me alone.”
There are things in life that are hard to explain. Mary’s death is one of them. I didn’t love her. We weren’t together. She was someone I considered a friend. And Moriarty killing her seems unlikely, but it looks good on paperwork. There are plenty of things I don’t quite understand, but it’s been weeks. I don’t want to think of her. I don’t want to think about the woman who I had thought was my friend who tried to kill someone I loved.
I don’t know why I care. It doesn’t make sense. None at all. I should consider myself lucky to have anyone that I have known for this long and that has gone through this much with to still be able to look at me at all. After all I put him through, I am lucky that he doesn’t hate me.
He looked away. Have I angered him so much that he can’t even look at me? No. That can’t be right. What had I done? Is it what I haven’t done? What?
I guess I looked dumb or surprised. “Sherlock, surely you knew this? Has no one told you? You look all sad and such,” she said.
“Y-yes,” he said, calming his breath, and leaning down. It was painfully slow. Our lips almost touched when the unholy cry of the kettle cut through the moment. “Fuck,” I whined under my breath. “Tea?” I asked him, smiling.
I briefly considered just giving a confession of my own, but there was a very small part of me that screamed, “What if I’m wrong? I’d lose John forever! I will never get over the humiliation!” I knew it was pathetic. The subconscious actions of a person doesn’t lie. However, what if I interpreted something wrong? All the signs say one thing, but what if they mean another? I couldn’t imagine continuing to go on with life with John. I needed him to say how he felt.
I know that’s selfish. That’s incredibly cruel of me. I have no right. This wedding is my fault after all. If I hadn’t faked my death, John and Mary would have never met. I would be solving a case right now while John would tell me that I need to sleep.
He didn’t. He’s moved on. Still, the memory of teaching him to dance made my heart skip. We were so close. The music. I could feel his heartbeat. Surely he had felt mine. It was so loud in my ears. Thinking about it made my cheeks glow with warmth again. I hated it. I hate this. It’s my fault though. Now I had to deal with it.
I smiled at him. “Oh the two of you will see each other all the time. Still solve cases together. Nothing has to change that drastically,” Mary said.
He raised one of his eyebrows. He’s such a bastard. I took the cup from him, and I looked him in the eye and took a sip. He kept eye contact as I sipped. It felt like forever. Must be the head trauma because there is absolutely nothing attractive about sipping a cup of tea to prove you hadn’t poisoned it. I have to stop doing that.
We kissed and kissed and kissed. We did have a lot of lost time to make up for. Neither of us wanted to break this closeness. So there we sat all night, wrapped in each other’s love. We fell asleep on the couch. I woke to Mrs. Hudson leading Lestrade into the room. They looked shocked to see John using me and a body pillow. I put my finger to my lips. “Got it,” Lestraude whispered. “I’ll come back later.”
I tried to walk at a slow, steady pace. I didn’t want to show up too early, but I didn’t want to be late either. Would I look too eager if I showed up directly on time? I hadn’t considered the possibility that I would show up almost thirty minutes before. Damn. I was going to walk away, but Mrs. Hudson practically pulled me into the flat. She had apparently been watching for me by her own accord. “John Watson! Come in and share a cup of tea with me! Sherlock will be ready before long. Come and talk to me for a while,” she demanded gently in the way that only an older woman can.
“I don’t know why, but it happened a week or so ago,” I said. “We were talking, and it was like a switch was flipped. I don’t remember what the conversation was about. We were drinking, but he has been avoiding me ever since.”
I got her a bumble bee plushy when I was out of town on a case. She had grown to not want to sleep without it. “Where?”
We ran through the streets of London, much like when we first met. The suspect in question didn’t realize that we were chasing him until John tackled him to the ground.
“It’s odd. I thought that the break would do me some good, but now I don’t know what to do with myself,” John said. “I don’t know why Molly wanted to keep her for the night so badly.”
It still stung but the worst of the pain was gone. I did desperately want it off me. “I’m going to go shower. You know where I keep my clothes, help yourself to my clothes,” I said, walking up the stairs and into my bathroom.
“Oh uhh Sherlock made reservations and I have plans to watch a movie afterwards,” I said, sipping my tea, avoiding her eyes. Few know this, but she has a piercing stare that makes you talk despite your not wanting to. Her gaze can cut through your soul, and deep into your heart. “Are you okay, dearie?” she asked gently. “You don’t look to be yourself?” she said.
“You better get comfortable. It’s going to be thirty to forty minutes,” Mrs. Hudson laughed. She looked at me, and sighed. “Dearie, why don’t you go ahead and tell him how you feel?” she asked. I took a deep breath and thought about my time away. I thought about the look on his face when he found me. He planned my funeral. He helped me get over my psychosomatic limp. The feelings I tried so hard to repress and hide. I thought about what I had told him. I can’t take back what I have done.
“Sherlock. I need you to answer me honestly. Do you have feelings for John?” she asked, reaching across the table to place what I guessed was a friendly hand on mine, giving a reassuring squeeze.
I went up stairs as he sat at the table. I was terrified, so I used that energy to clean up my room a bit. I threw the clothes into the closet and I made my bed. I put on a shirt, and I straightened up the dressers and such.
The next thing I knew, we were at my flat. “After you doctor,” he said, stepping aside so I can unlock the door. I did, and we walked inside. “You can put your coat anywhere,” I told him, removing mine. I don’t know why I said anything, he was going to do what he wanted either way. I went into the kitchen and put on some tea. He was scrolling through his phone.
“Okay.” I picked him up in a bridal style. I carried him up the stairs and into his room. We stayed there all day. Basking in each other’s love. I know, gross right?
“Sherlock?” he said, bringing me back from a weird state where I was kissing those lips and running my hands through his hair. I don’t know why I thought of those things. It’s not something I want. Maybe it’s just simple curiosity that I leaned in closer.
“Not you, if that was your concern,” I lied. I was a little snippier than I had meant to be, but these questions seemed to be going somewhere I didn’t want to go.
Tonight was going to be perfect, so help me God. Even if it is just one night, I could live with one perfect night. That was all I was going to think about tonight. I hung up the phone, and looked at my closet. Now which suit should I wear?
He looked at me. I was trying to figure out what he was thinking, but how was I supposed to figure out what he was thinking when all I could think about was how warm he must be. I watched the way his mouth moved. Was he talking? Should I be listening? What would it be like to kiss those lips?
I groaned. “Do most of these symptoms occur around one specific person?” I asked. She nodded. “Then they have romance on their mind,” I said, brushing something off my coat. “But who is it?” I asked her. That was when she burst into laughter.
“But, if you want you can touch me. Your hands don’t have to stay by your side, if you don’t want them to.” He looked at his hands curiously. “Don’t overthink this Sherlock. I know that is pretty impossible for you, but why don’t you try to think of this like an experiment?” I asked.
“It wasn’t just bus girl. It was you too. I loved the both of you. I loved you both differently, but I still loved you both. Adultery of the heart, is what I think it’s called. I’d be lying with her, but I’d be thinking of you,” he said.
“Yes,” I said. There was more silence, but this one was long. It was cruelly long. “I know this may be a shock. I could understand if…”
I asked our acquaintances what they thought. They gave mixed answers, but I could tell that they thought it was my fault that John was acting off. It usually was, and no one seemed to believe that I really had done nothing wrong.
“Oh! John! It’s our time to dance!” Mary said as their song began to play. She then looked at me. Her eyes softened. “Oh but what about you?” she said to me. Her and John turned their attention back to me.
We paid for the check, not eating and we decided to go for a walk. We stood closer than we originally would have dared. I could smell him, and I could feel the heat radiating off his skin. I felt his hand brush gently against mine. It was too long for it to be an accident. He was rambling about a case, not looking at me. I smiled to myself and brushed my hand against his. We went back and forth for a while until our hands finally clasped together. His were warm, and had a few smooth scars offsetted by the occasional rough spot. It felt nice, and his face was better. Did he really have me convinced he didn’t like me? He’s so bloody obvious. He’s always been.
“Everything. You have too much locked away. Your love language seems to be extreme acts that you see as helpful. I mean, almost killing yourself with drugs? Faking your death? Sherlock, wouldn’t you rather he just know? What next? What is the limit?” she asked gently, but stern.
I wanted to ask him if he was avoiding me. I wanted to get out in the open, fix the problem, end this. I couldn’t seem to form the words. I wanted to so badly, but all I could do was look at his lips and imagine what they would feel like against mine. Not that I care.
I took a deep, shaky breath. “Damn it John. Okay, uhh. I wrote vows too, but I was honestly not sure what to say. I think I got it right. I hope I did, at least.”
“Nope,” I said, giving Rosie my finger. She swung it up and down in her baby death grip. She was growing fussy. She made little whining sounds and was getting a little red in the face. She was ready for a nap. She had a nice bath before coming to see aunty Molly. Her little stomach was nice and full. That always meant she was ready for a nap. I dressed her in a little yellow onesie that came with a baby tutu. Only the best for her.
“Well,” he said, bringing the unopened bottle of wine, which was surprising. I had expected liquor of some kind. It was a pleasant surprise; wine tastes better. “Love has been studied by scientists.” He looked proud of himself, like he had just shared a fact that I had not known before. I decided to humor him.
He gave me an innocent look. “What do you mean John?” he said, bringing his face to mine. “You got worked up all on your own.” I got off of him quickly. “You are-” I started, but he cut me off.
“I am not suggesting a date, Sherlock. I genuinely just want to help you figure this out. You and John are people I consider to be friends, and I want to help you,” she said. Her gaze was softer now, and she seemed to be looking at me in a new way. Her body was relaxed. She seemed to be telling the truth, so I agreed.
I wrote the speech the best I could. I poured what little bit of my heart and soul I had left just for John. Was it perfect? Is this right? It had to be. The sun was starting to rise. I had stayed up all night. I had to hurry and shower, change, and consume large amounts of caffeine before I met John. It was going to be a long day. Most days are long in Hell, though.
I tried not to blush, but I thought about it and answered honestly. “It wasn’t just one event. It was more of an accumulation of things. I can’t pinpoint when, but it was a while ago,” I said, taking a drink to avoid his gaze. Are first dates always this awkward? I didn’t think they were?
I sighed. I was forgiven. I felt a little better now that Molly knew the secret I hadn’t realized I had been keeping. I wasn’t sure why it was a secret either. I wasn’t ashamed. Maybe I was just uninterested to the point that I didn’t realize it until later on? Who can really tell?
“Yes,” I said. “Letters, It’s stipid I know. She said that I have too many bottled up emotions. She suggested letters.”
“Yes you are, but if we are offering criticisms, I am not cute,” I said. I had wanted to correct him for a very long time.
“You what?” Lestraude yelled in the alley where I had him meet me. I rubbed at my arm. Nicotine patches were so uncomfortable, but I needed the brain power.
I walked over and pulled a small part of the floor up. Underneath lay my treasure. Letters. Love letters John never knew I got.
“Then let's go pick out a ring,” he said, wrapping his arm around me in a friendly gesture. “I am so proud of you.”
He was so excited, and I have drank before. Not very often anymore. John can’t handle all of that commotion all the time. Mrs. Hudson wasn’t the biggest fan of it either.
They always figured it out, They would feel used, and betrayed. I can’t say that I blamed them, but Mary was just a friend. I told her all about my feelings for him. She knew it all. I thought we were like brother and sister. Then she tried to kill him.
“Then why? What did I do so wrong?” I demanded. I knew that I hadn’t really done anything wrong. I was honestly just trying to push his buttons. He was tired and would soon be too frustrated to lie. I wanted the truth.
“John?” Sherlock said from behind me. “Yes?” I asked, pouring the tea. I turned around to see just how close he was. I handed him his, but he set it to the side, “Something wrong?” I asked him. He took my tea from my hands and said, “I would like to kiss you now, this would be my first, in all honesty. I found it disgusting, but you have enticed me so please bear with me, okay?”
“I feel something, I guess. He is my best friend,” I told her calmly. She nodded, seeming to be satisfied with this answer. I would have thought better if not for my heart pounding in my ears.
“So know this. Today, you sit between the woman you have made your wife and the man you saved. In short, the two people who love you most in this world. And I know that I speak for Mary as well when I say we will never let you down, and we have a lifetime to prove that.”
I didn’t hear him anymore so I got out. I turned off the water, and I wrapped a towel around myself. I stepped out into the hallway and into my room where John was standing by my dresser. His back was to me.
He looked up at me with his strikingly beautiful eyes. Neither of us could break eye contact. I saw him move his glass to the side a little. “So that’s it?” John asked, fidgeting a little. “I’m forgiven?”
I watched the way his eyes moved, the way hands fixed hairs that weren’t out of place. The way he mirrored my stance. He leaned in so slightly that it took a trained eye to notice. His pupils were dilated.
He held me close, but left some room for someone, because Sherlock doesn’t believe in Jesus. He kept me at a safe distance, but I was growing tired of safe. I wanted to do what I wanted. That's what I did too. I closed the space between us. I rested my head on his chest to listen to his heartbeat that was quickly accelerating. He was nervous. We were barely moving. I can’t dance, after all. This was much less about dancing, and more of an excuse to be close. I wanted to be as close as I could. I never wanted to let him go.
I looked at her. Did she think I was stupid? “You are very clearly not over it. Please, at the very least you deserve an apology. You deserve so much more, but I am sorry to say, an apology is all I can give you,” I said, walking towards her.
“He doesn’t. I don’t know what this could be,” I said. He set down the coffee mugs and came up behind me. He wrapped his arms around me. He let his head rest on my shoulder. “Maybe it’s a lead?” he asked.
“Sherlock, I hate to leave things like this, but I gotta hurry to get to work. If anything happens, call me, okay? You sure you are alright?”
“He thinks you've set him up, my dear.” Moriarty chanted, but John still didn't get it. “Played him, betrayed his trust, lovers deceiving each other.”
“Why are we walking like that?” Sherlock asked as he and Moriarty were casually strolling through the streets of Westminster, Moriarty's arm locked with Sherlock's. The air was cold, brisk and the sun had begun to set.
It took John a minute to speak. He took a few deep breaths, as if to calm himself, and finally gritted out: “... so... you really believe all of that stuff?”
Second, in said locker they found the victim's missing fingers and toes, all 13 of them, and a photo of Sherlock and John chasing after the murder victim whom said digits had belonged to. Again, it was too obvious, like someone stupid tried to frame them for the murder. But there were more absurd links that finally linked the case back to Sherlock an John and, more importantly, Moriarty. He was playing one of his sick, twisted games again. John had finally just assigned himself to following Sherlock wherever the madman ran off to next.
“Why would either Moriarty or Richard Brooks care about my private life?” Sherlock interrupted, sounding more upset than he had intended to show. None of his made any sense. Moriarty was not the kind of person to take out people for a friendly chat and advice on matters of the heart. He was definitely enjoying every moment of this – whatever sick game it was.
When they finally arrived back at 221B Baker Street, it had already gone dark. Sherlock remarked something incredibly clever whilst he brushed the door open, and both of them chuckled. They were exhausted and euphoric, the last traces of the adrenalin finally leaving their bodies. Sherlock threw his coat away and turned on his heels, only to nearly run into John. Both immediately halted, their eyes locked onto each other. Silence settled for a moment, as John gave Sherlock a soft, warm smile that said so much he could not express in words. Sherlock stared back. It would have been the perfect moment, he thought-
“What Moriarty meant to say is that this whole act has been incredibly precise and genius in both conception and execution, John. Nonetheless, you can drop all that pretentiousness now.”
John knelt down in front of Sherlock, who kept his eyes on the plate of food in his lap. Finally, John put a hand at Sherlock’s knee, as carefully as he could. It was clear to both of them that Sherlock was just as starved of touch as he was scared of it, and it sent a sweet shiver through John’s heart when Sherlock’s eyes darted to meet John’s. He didn’t flinch, he was probably not even breathing – just attentive, huge eyes scanning the man in front of him.
“What are you - ...you tried to carry me.” Sherlock simply stated as he started to get up. He looked slightly disoriented, and seemed to be looking for something.
, John realised. Sherlock wanted John to believe him, needed him to believe him, because otherwise –
Thank you all so much for your Kudos, it's really encouraging for me and means a lot (espacially since this is my first ff). Also, heavy Trigger Warning for this chapter. Don't read if any of the trigger warnings above apply to you.
Sherlock seemed itchy. His movements were jerky, too fast, too shaky, and John knew it was not only due to the fact that he slept even less frequently than usual. He was not back on drugs, but as close to it as he had ever been since John had known him.
“I think I… I need some time to process all this,” he said, turning around. He started walking towards the stairs slowly, as if in trance.
John had started to come into Sherlock's room at night, in order to wake him from nightmares and be ready in case Sherlock wanted to talk. Of course Sherlock never did, but it was nice knowing John was there, just in case. They had re-assumed their habit of sleeping aside each other, Sherlock incredibly stiff and assuming John didn't notice, and John incredibly enduring and understanding. But now the doctor was startled awake.
When Sherlock came home after one of his trips – it was a Friday morning, 10.30 AM and he hadn't slept in nearly 24 hours - his mind was too troubled to notice either the ominous black car in front of Speedy's which had no business being there, or how unusually empty the street was on this particular day.
John was taken aback. Either Mycroft was not up to date or – unlikely but more likely than that - he was trying to be decent. “I…We went out a few times. Nothing serious.”
“He… John, I need you to understand I am not the most sociable or… I am not an extraordinarily affable person.”
With that reassurance in mind, Sherlock put his hands on John's neck and waist, and pulled John closer against his body. John's kisses grew more demanding in return, more aggressive than usual, and Sherlock decided he'd just skip all the courtesies. His left hand left the small of John's back took hold of John's penis, which was hard as a rock and strained through the material of his pyjamas.
“...” with a low moan Sherlock broke the kiss again, and irked his face a few inches away so he could stare into John's face. John's hand had wandered to the small of Sherlock's back, and he could feel Sherlock tense ever so slightly under his touch.
John finally made a step towards Sherlock, breathing a heavy sigh. It was the first time John had ever been in his room, he realised. His muscles were tense, something irritated him – well of course, he'd just had a gun in his face. His gun. John took another step and stared Sherlock in the eyes, face still unreadable.
“Sherlock...” John mumbled. Realisation began to creep onto his face. “Last night – oh my god, Sherlock. I'm so - I'm so sorry- I'm-” Sherlock's frown deepened, and as he finally spoke his voice didn't sound like his own.
In the end, they ended up in a small café Sherlock hadn't ever noticed before. They had some tea, some biscuits (and Moriarty some cake, although he only ate about half of it, noting that he “had to look slim in front of the camera”) and polite conversations about nothing in particular. The whole situation was weird, and Sherlock couldn't shake the feeling of being watched. Was this what a date was like? Should he care? Was this, and this added a third layer to the situation, Thomas Brooks trying to play him? Or make advances?
When Sherlock had finally regained enough strength and control over his legs that he could stand up, he hobbled towards the stairs that led to John's room, but couldn't make up his mind. Some part of him wanted John gone, just gone, gone from here and from him, and yet. It was
“I'll just... uhm. I'll order some takeaway?” John suggested with a sheepish smile on his face, and Sherlock backed off, mumbling something John couldn't understand.
“Sherlock..!” John came rushing into their living room, only halting a few feet away from the pale man. A doubtful expression crept onto his face, his whole demeanour changing with guilt and insecurity. “Sherlock,” he finally repeated, “Are you... How are you. My god, where have you been?”
Mycroft gave Sherlock another long look, as if waiting for something else. Sherlock stared back with a blank face. Mycroft finally sighed, and got out of his chair.
“Something is bothering you, Sherlock. I may not be the proper address to turn to in the matters of the heart-”
“Well, that was awkward.” John finally said as he turned around. Sherlock followed him back inside, slightly overwhelmed and confused about what and whether he ought to say something. He tried to keep his face and voice steady but hardly managed.
John made a soft sound in response. For once, he really was surprised. Having witnessed the relationship Sherlock and his brother had, John just couldn’t picture Sherlock gossiping about – or even mentioning – something as trivial as his sex life. He wondered if Mycroft even knew about Victor. “Sherlock told you?”
“This is fine.” Sherlock’s voice was sharp, sharp enough to make John shut up. Sherlock, on the other end, seemed to notice, too, and repeated “It’s fine” in a much softer voice. “There’s something you ought to know.”
“Is this because – Sherlock, you don’t have to prove anything to me.” John’s eyes widened. He realised what the other man was doing – now that Mary was ‘gone’, this was Sherlock’s one chance to show John how compliant he could be, and maybe, maybe make John fall for him again. The thought made his heart clench with delight. This would be oh so painful, and oh so sweet.
John couldn’t have identified the look on Sherlock’s face for the life of him. It was a bizarre mixture of excitement, and madness, and a tinge of brilliant fear. He interrupted Sherlock again, “So you’re telling me I was seeing some sort of agent slash psychopath?”
“...I have.” Sherlock grunted back, his voice as strained as John had ever heard it. He clearly had no wish to discuss the topic further, and was looking everywhere but at John, who still gave him questioning looks.
This was about as intimate as Mycroft Holmes had ever been with him, and on a certain level, John appreciated it. He felt his lips turn into a warm smile. It might even have been a real one.
“You know, even though I am with Mary now-“ just the mention of her name seemed to pain Sherlock, judging by the way his eyelids fluttered, “I still care about you a great deal, Sherlock. I need you to know that.”
John Watson sighed a sigh of relief, rubbing his neck as all his rage suddenly left him. He stood there for a while, as if lost, until Sherlock finally spoke.
“We're not-” John burst out before he could think about it, but he caught himself mid-sentence. He really ought to get over this eventually. They were not a couple - not
” John finally glanced at the bottle in his hand, as if he couldn’t remember having picked it up in the first place, less having lifted it – as if to strike something, or someone, and a horrified expression crossed his face, the bottle slowly slid from his hand to the floor, splattered into a thousand pieces that neither of them even acknowledged – only their heavy breathing hanging in the air, and Sherlock’s wide eyes searching John’s. John wasn’t looking back at him. For just this moment, both of them were afraid.
In a way it was brilliant, insanely so. Within a few hours, Moriarty had woven his slender fingers into what had become John's doing and Sherlock's undoing. Walls came crashing down. It was brilliant, so brilliant. The fingers in the fireplace, all of them pointing towards Sherlock's room and towards John's, the number of digits left on the corpses. The one person whom he trusted with his life and everything he held dear; John.
He had never seen anything even closely resembling the horror and sadness that crept into John's face. He wouldn't even have had to nod, because Sherlock felt his whole intestines turn as all the pieces fell into place.
“Oh dear, you must have known I've been watching the whole time.” Sherlock's suddenly found it hard to get enough air into his lungs. His eyes hushed towards Moriarty's face.
Sherlock was not a weak man, and highly skilled in various kinds of martial arts. The judo certificate hung right above the head of his bed. Nonetheless, he didn't expect an attack right now, and least of all from the man standing in front of him. With a single, swift movement John had Sherlock pinned under him, their lower parts half dangling off the bed, their chests pressed against each other. John promptly covered his mouth in a kiss, but Sherlock only groaned. The awkward position was putting strain on his back and something was off about this. Something was not right. If John wanted attention in any form, he could just have asked. As John finally broke the kiss, both their breathing was strained. Sherlock sniffed cautiously, but there was no trace of alcohol in John's breath. He didn't act as if he was acting under the influence of any drugs either, but with how little he could see, he wasn't sure.
“Ah, it doesn’t bother me, dear. I like my men broken.” The name, the words, all of it really, made Sherlock’s skin crawl, but he just smiled at the other man. Their interactions had always been inappropriate expressions at inappropriate moments. If that was how Moriarty wanted to play this, so be it.
“Please take care of yourself, John.” Sherlock said solemnly whilst they had some of the dinner John had cooked. The blonde man's head popped up, a look of surprise plastered all over his face.
All of this was barely intelligible to John, because Sherlock seemed so intent to tell way too much, way too fast, and ended up stumbling over his own words, and speeding on. John gave him a confused look, waiting for the detective to interrupt his incoherent rambling to take a breath. When he finally did, John said “I didn’t understand a word you just said.”
It was absurd. They were standing at the kitchen table, which was scattered with probes and presumably human remains, and here he was, his flatmate's lips on his. He didn't respond for a second, was merely amazed and mesmerized and – irritated at the same time, but finally he gave in and leaned even closer, shyly drawing his tongue over John's lower lip. John made a low, guttural sound in the back of his throat, a moan that made Sherlock's skin crawl. He felt endorphins and noradrenaline entering his bloodstream – not per sé, but he felt an intense wave of emotion wave over him that finally made him break the kiss with a sob. John's eyes immediately shot open, concern creeping into his face -
“Yes, Sherlock. I think you may have to explain, after all, John Watson is quite a simple man.” Moriarty snickered.
Mycroft raised an eyebrow and gave him the first and final genuine smile of their conversation. “I know you do, Dr Watson.”
“It has been ages, hasn't it?”, he replied, his voice cheery and high-pitched. The frown on John's face deepened.
Sherlock paused. They were lying on his bed, John curled up against Sherlock whilst Sherlock's fingers were steadily bashing onto the keyboard of his laptop like rain onto the ground.
“So am I. But oh well, I might as well tell you as much as I know. Not that I've ever been particularly interested in
Three days later, and he hated Mycroft for how well he could predict each tiny detail of his life, Sherlock could leave the hospital. Pain still flared up in his chest and ribs (one of them was broken, two were cracked, but he didn't particularly care. It was a miracle that the bullet had missed the major blood vessels anyway) every time he took a breath. He came home to a flat without John Watson, that still had John's newspaper neatly folded on the kitchen table and their cups of tea next to them – everything as they had left it. Nonetheless, the rooms were empty and cold without John Watson there.
John didn’t come visit him that night, and Sherlock – irritatingly - felt both relieved and crushed.
John really didn’t know what he enjoyed more. Mary, Mary was clever, full of wit and deceit, and although he had in a way hired her – had known her for years, yes, she worked for him after all – being with her really was enjoyable. There were few people who he felt were able to follow his schemes, and fewer even he could talk to about such plans. Mary was intelligent, she was beautiful, and she was cunningly evil. There was little more he could want - they fucked with a sense of urgency but without any of the fuss other women made about sex, it was amazing, and it was meaningless.
Mycroft waited for another minute, but Sherlock stayed silent. The older Holmes sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose as if he was about to experience a migraine. He probably was. He certainly hadn't slept or properly taken care of himself in-
“Sorry,” mumbled John whilst he gave Sherlock a sheepish grin. “You better go to bed, sleeping here will give you a cold. And a broken neck.”
Sherlock was positively going insane. He and John had been chasing after the intangible ghostly traces of Moriarty for nearly two weeks now, and still, every time they reached out to finally get hold of the criminal, their hands grasped at thin air. It was beginning to frustrate John immensely, he'd barely done half his clinic hours and Sherlock was getting out of hand one day at a time.
John was at a loss for words. So he just kept staring at his flatmate with sad eyes and a frown on his face.
“John,” he rasped. “About yesterday... If my actions have caused you any inconvenience or I acted too impudent, I-”
When Sherlock managed to pull himself together a while later, he finally ascended the stairs. He didn't expect to find anyone back in their flat, after all John had been gone for quite a while. Who knew if he'd come back eventually – Sherlock quickly willed the thought away. He needn't even have done that, because before he had even opened the door towards their flat, he heard a noise from inside. His heart jumped for a second – was that John? Maybe John had calmed down and decided to come back? Maybe there was something between them that neither of them could get over without – The door opened. A blonde woman, smaller than him, her face full of laughter. It turned into a look of surprise as she saw Sherlock, eyeing him up and down. Making deductions, he realised.
John was shaking by the time Sherlock was done. He looked more upset than exposed, but Sherlock blinked that impression away – he had never been good interpreting other people's emotions and after all, if he was right, he didn't know the man in front of him in the first place.
“What a waste of tea,” he murmured, as he put the cups aside. Only when his hand took hold of Sherlock’s arm did the detective finally emerge from his trance.
“Impressive,” she said, giving him a wide smile. “I'm Mary, pleasure to meet you.” When he still made no move to grab her hand, she finally stuck it in the pocket of her coat. John peeked around the corner, eyeing both of them.
.” he mumbled. He hurried to say “If that's what you want. I'm not a very physical person, but with you it's -it's okay.” His face turned slightly pink, and John couldn't help but smile.
“Amazing indeed,” Sherlock finally said, his clear eyes mustering John's intently. “If this is indeed an act, you are an amazing actor, John.”
John slowly raised his hands as he gave Sherlock a wide-eyed look. Sherlock stared blankly, thoughts racing behind his eyes. Something wasn't right. Why was Moriarty still putting up this act if Sherlock had already figured it out-?
“It's like he leaves a trail of breadcrumbs,” Sherlock murmured more to himself than to John. He had settled down in his chair, hands folded and mind racing again, eyes wide but seeing nothing.
Once again, glassy eyes fixed on John’s. The defiance crept back into Sherlock’s demeanour, into the way he bent his neck and the corners of his mouth twitched.
When finally, John’s fingers started caressing Sherlock’s hair and face, Sherlock sagged. He let go of the breath he hadn’t even realised he’d been holding, staring at his hands.
After a long silence with no indication of any reaction from Sherlock, John continued his lips' gentle ministrations, musing as much to Sherlock as to himself.
John’s enthusiasm fell from him like the smile fell from his face. This time, it didn’t require any acting at all. “Sherlock! Sherlock, listen to me. Are you saying that
It took Sherlock a while to finally return the smile, and when he did he half-closed his eyes, waiting for a kiss. It was always him offering, waiting for John to make the final move. As if he expected John to pull back at the last second. John grinned as he tenderly put his lips against Sherlock's.
Sometimes, for a minute or so, when he sat in his chair and watched Sherlock doing whatever it was that Sherlock did, he felt an emotion akin to sadness creeping into his mind. He contemplated that mixture of melancholia, sadness and pity for a while. It didn’t ever amount to much. He loved Sherlock, he had to have him.
“Short-sighted nurse with a prior career in linguistics and/ or communication studies, obviously too vain to wear glasses although your eyes do not react well to contact lenses, clever and well educated and... obviously” He paused. “John's.. date?”
Mycroft shut his mouth. It was clear he felt uncomfortable in his skin, but it was just as clear that something was off. This was obviously not a 'normal' fight between friends, roommates or lovers, or whatever John Watson and his brother had become.
His eyes finally focussed on Moriarty, who seemed immensely pleased with himself, evermore so than usually.
Hello everyone, it's been decades but I am back. I wasn't aware people were still reading this, so coming back to all your comments and lovely replies was really, really amazing. Have a new chapter. It will be painful, but that is just who I am.
John’s eyes fell shut. He had almost forgotten how soft Sherlock’s lips were, how cautious his tongue, how gentle the hands at his neck. He all but moaned into the kiss, another groan following when he noticed Sherlock’s other hand moving towards his groin.
“Well, I have tapes that prove otherwise.” Moriarty mused. The perpetual grin on his face seemed to grow by the minute. His eyes swept to Sherlock. There was something dark in his expression as he mustered the detective, and Sherlock felt the blood rush into his cheeks. He held the other man's gaze nonetheless.
Moriarty’s face scrunched into a grimace of utter agony at that. “No. No, no, Sherlock,” he whined, “No, not like this. Too simple. Give me all you’ve got.”
First of all, their petty criminal from three weeks prior had turned up dead. Which in itself wasn't spectacularly surprising, but he had been found in an all familiar swimming pool that had been closed for ages. The location was too plainly obvious, but a key found in the victim's abdomen led them to a locker at the subway station close to Scotland yard and the code was 221.
It wasn't as if Sherlock had expected any kind of help from Moriarty anyways. This was either an ingenious consulting criminal or a stunning actor (who wasn't dumb either).
“Maybe I just enjoy presenting myself as an ambiguous figure? I'm an actor after all, it does give me an air of mysticism, don't you think? Makes me more fascinating, like a puzzle you just cannot solve.”
Note: I shall emphasise, again, that I do not condone either abusive behaviours or relationships nor rape. None of this is meant to glorify any of these things. Rape is amongst the most awful things that can happen to a person, it is never deserved, it is always a trauma, and if any of you is thinking Sherlock is dealing with this way too well and it isn't much of an issue to him: let me assure you that it IS. Coping mechanisms vary from person to person, but he IS traumatised. This will come up in the following chapters, for now I guess Sherlock still believes he's coping. This is tagged as dark for a reason...
“Sherlock, Sherlock, shhh. These women weren't you. You are special, so much more special than any of them.” John's face contorted in a grimace of concern, whilst Sherlock's eyes flickered down, avoiding John's.
“You don’t love me. You can’t help that,” she said. “You can’t make yourself feel something you don’t,” she said.
Our wedding was perfect. My family came. His family attended. His army friend just laughed. He was apparently not surprised. Molly was my best man. Or woman. Janine had a good time. Rosie loved throwing flowers at people. She didn’t quite understand her job but she tried.
“No,” I told him. “It wasn’t bad,” I said, pulling him closer. “But I can show you how it’s done, if you would like.”
“But I’ll forgive you because you’re an idiot,” I tried my hand at conscious flirting. I didn’t like it.
“Will you listen please?” I said. “If you would listen I would explain that I can’t feel that way for any woman.”
He looked up at me with an odd emotion I couldn’t place. He pressed something on his phone. My stomach dropped to the floor. “John?” he said. I swallowed the lump forming in my throat. I looked at him and gave him a kiss of reassurement.
I looked at John. “I guess it’s supposed to be a wedding gift?” I shrugged. I set down the note card. I looked at the small stack of white papers in my lap.
“I was hoping you would. Do you remember what you said to me here?” Sherlock said, leaning onto the table a little.
“Lestraude has been looking for him for a while. I have been a little preoccupied,” I admitted, blushing as I looked through his pockets. Something was off. He couldn’t have committed all the murders alone. No. He’s too small and doesn’t seem to be as intelligent as the crimes suggest.
“I-uhh-have never been a man that was good at conveying what I felt. I can be rather stupid in that way. I have a hard time identifying what I feel. I know that I love you, and I’m not scared to say it. I also, if it would be okay with you, wouldn’t mind calling you my husband. If you want. This is awkward isn’t it? Why are you crying?”
I felt something brush against my side around my hip area. I am extremely ticklish almost everywhere so I jolted. When I did the soup went everywhere. It was extremely hot.
I hate begging. I hate everything about it. I have never been on my knees, but as I tried to smoothly pull the ring box from my pocket, I got down on one knee.
I kissed him along his jawline and his cheeks. I kissed down his neck and kissed his collarbone. He pulled me up to meet his face. “If you really want, I’m okay with you keeping them,” he said.
Nothing much has changed. The difference is that when I look at John and want to tell him he’s beautiful, I do it. When he reaches out to hold something at night, I’m there. When I compose music, I tell him he’s who it’s for. When he writes me letters, he knows I keep them. He knows they are my treasure. He knows I love him, and I get to know how much he’s always loved me.
“Shut up, and sleep,” I said. “It won’t be long until Lestraude and Molly come back. Remember?” I told him.
“Does her death bother you?” he asked, with cool caution. He didn’t make eye contact. “I would understand if it did,” he continued. “Stop.” I told him.
“No, you put God knows what in the microwave. I will not be eating a damned thing that goes into that,” he stated sternly.
“I suppose that is what we are doing,” he said, finding where he felt comfortable placing his hands. He picked my back and my hair. He lightly played with it as we went in for another kiss. This one was much better than the first two. More natural, and less scared. His hands explored. My back, my legs, my hair, my waist. They were excited, but careful. Intent, but gentle. I felt the muscles from under his shirt.
“You’re nicely dressed, you had something important to do today, your wife is dead. Job interview. Although that doesn’t explain that particular cologne. It’s strong. Too strong for a job interview…” I said, realization hitting me.
“No. I don’t want to hear it,” he said, snatching his arm free. “I can’t believe you did this, but at the same time, it’s not surprising. You could never understand. This is a game to you. Molly and I are just a game?” he asked,
It was quiet and boring without John around. It was so quiet. I almost called him, but he probably didn’t really want to be with people right now. The flat was so cold. It was so quiet right now. I hate the quiet. It lets me think.
“Shut up!” he yelled, facing away from me. He wouldn’t meet eyes. Tears spilled down his cheeks. Fuck. This wasn’t what I was trying to do! SHITFUCKDAMNITFUCKFUCKFUCK!
“You’re taking forever and you are clearly not fine. Let's get to the flat to lick out wounds,” I said, wrapping his arm around my neck as I wrapped mine around his waist to steady him. His breath caught either from the closeness and the unfamiliarity of my touch or from the pain. Maybe both.
“I wrote it about a month after knowing you. I didn’t realize I was falling in love with you. I just knew this is what I felt. Now I feel stupid,” he confessed.
I guess he noticed the expression on my face because he rolled his eyes. “Don’t make this a bigger deal. You got your confession. Now what exactly are we supposed to be doing?” he demanded.
“It’s not necessary. It’s not that big of a deal Sherlock, really,” she said, picking up Rosie’s diaper bag. “You did what you had to. I get that. You thought you had to save me. You don’t love me, that’s fine.” She turned at her heel and began to briskly walk to the door.
“Okay,” I said, patiently waiting for her to tell me this person’s business. I loved this. I think this is technically gossiping, but still.
One morning, I woke up in our bed alone. I looked for him, but he wasn’t there. I called his name, but there was no answer. I got out of bed and went to find him. I found him in the kitchen, reading something, I assumed. I came up from behind him and wrapped my arms around him. I kissed his head. “What are you looking at?” I asked him.
We had been dating for a few months now. We still are in our shy phase. I doubt we’ll get out of it any time soon. I am okay with that, however. I love watching the color spread across his face. I loved the way his pulse spiked when we touched.
“Oh?” he asked with the same little laugh he had when he was impressed, even though he was used to this now.
“I get you’re a ‘Hopeless romantic’, but I find this disgusting and appetite ruining. Can we leave now?” I whined.
“Yeah,” John said. “Sherlock?” he said after a moment. I looked at him and raised my eyebrows, implying that he had my attention. “Does this mean you’ll be willing to be my boyfriend?” he asked, nervously.
He complied. He took off his shoe and rolled up his pant leg. His leg was badly bruised and a little swollen. “It’s pretty bruised. I can see why you struggled to walk,” I said.
I could have gagged myself as she started to cry, like she hadn’t already known about this for weeks, months perhaps.
I grabbed him gently and placed an awkward kiss on his cheek. “Like that!” I said. He sat there, still and quiet for a moment. He began to laugh to my mortification. “What?” I demanded. He kept on. “What’s so funny?”
“Well, I think we should get going before we miss our reservation,” Sherlock said. “Oh yeah,” I said. “We’re off Mrs. Hudson!” I called.
“Nothing helpful,” I said, as I watched him remove his jacket and roll up his sleeves to his elbows. There is something so attractive about that. I don’t really get it, but god damn.
“No.” I faced him, looking him dead in the eye. “This is what I want. I want to have a good night with you, if that would still be okay?” I asked. He looked out the window, and then at me. “More than okay. I have been waiting for this for a while, in all honesty,” he said, blushing a bright red. “Good,” was all I managed to say.
“Yes,” I stated, feeling quite pleased. I wasn’t quite sure why, however. I was constantly making these deductions.
I wanted to be happy. They deserved that. It’s hard to be happy when at the end of it all, I’m the one who was left behind. Mary was with her date. Lestrade was god knows where. Janine is off with whatever man I told her was bad news. She never listens.
“You’re gonna regret that you ever stuck your nose where it didn’t belong,” he said, motioning his head to the larger one.
“No? It’s 8, you were home, and I know you don’t cook. I brought food. I hope that’s okay?” he asked.
I sat and solved and waited. I listened to the comfortably familiar sounds of John moving through the flat. I felt something give me a jolt of energy that I didn’t recognize. He showered, dressed, and walked into the kitchen. I had this all planned. I had made breakfast like Mrs.Hudson would have normally done. I made tea and told her if she ever mentioned this again I will tell the ladies in her book club about her and Mr. Whatever-his-name-is.
“I won’t. We can talk about this physically, he said, throwing me some pants and turned around. I sighed. No getting out of it.
“Oh I donut he’ll have time, with a real baby on the way,” I said before I realized it. I just figured it out. Mary was pregnant. John looked as stunned as Mary. Then they just laughed. I didn’t understand what was so funny about this. This was a very serious matter, after all. A baby. How very…
The need for closeness had me in his lap, kissing him slowly. We let go for a breath. He looked up at me.”I take it you liked the poem?”
I nodded, and I went into the kitchen to get the plastic container of soup. I was being very careful, seeing that it was hot. I was carefully removing the lid, but it was difficult. I was trying to not get burned. I was a little too focused on the task at hand so when John entered the kitchen I didn’t notice. I didn’t hear him behind me.
“That sounds like a lovely idea. You need to talk to her,” she said. “May I offer some advice?” she asked.
I set down the letters. I kissed him. I had to. I had no words to explain what I felt after hearing this. I just had to have him close.
It took my being away to realize just how much my life would suck without Sherlock Holmes. He was insufferable. He’s a know-it-all, and he is a jackass. He knows how to push all your buttons to get what he wants. He has little to no regard for others, but he is also generous, sweet, and smart. He is always confused and loves attention.
P.s. You have done miracles before. Just one more please. Don’t be dead. I don’t care how. Just don’t be dead.”
I watched him carefully. He was stiff and seemed a little uncomfortable. He gave me weak and forced smiles. That wouldn’t do. I had to get him comfortable. I decided to resort to Molly’s methods. Gossip.
John stood there with the spoon he reached past me to get. He was shocked. “Christ Sherlock are you okay?” he asked.
“Yes it was,” he said. His eyes weren’t on mine, a little lower, like I’ve seen him do many times before. Not my eyes or my nose. He was watching my lips.
I woke up John. Turns out he can be just as shy as I am. He turned beet red as they lightly teased us. We played cards with Mrs. Hudson. Had some wine. Played with Rosie some. She preferred blocks alone to play along with her stuffed animals.
I laughed as my phone rang. “Hello?” I said as he hugged me. It was a new victim. New signature. Interesting. “Alright I’ll be there in thirty.” I hung up the phone.
“Are you having second thoughts?” Sherlock said, I guess deducing my thoughts, or maybe he was just voicing his own anxieties. I sighed and ran a hand through my hair. “Yes, but not because I’m second guessing how I feel about you,” I said. No more secrets, no more lies. “If this is too much-” Sherlock started.
But I couldn’t say a word. I found myself at a complete loss. John’s feelings were obvious, or did I just want to believe that? Was I giving myself false hope? What would he think of me? How the hell do I do this?
I looked at John and Mary. I was at the table with them and Mary’s maid of honor. People said some words. They were poorly written and had no drama, but John and Mary seemed to enjoy themselves. Maybe I should just toss out the speech I have and wing it?
“Sherlock,” I whispered into his chest. I looked up to meet his eyes. He was blushing so perfectly. He was bashful in nature, which is so adorable. “Hmm?” he said. I moved my hands from his shoulders, and brought them to his neck, pulling him gently closer to me. His eyes were wide with something I didn’t quite recognize. I decided that I better ask. “Can I kiss you?” I asked him. I felt his pulse. He taught me that trick.
“Well,” I said, clearing my throat. “We talk, eat, drink, possibly too much drinking, and after that we watch a movie,” I said.
“No I don’t!” I tried to defend myself. She raised her eyebrows. She didn’t look as though she was buying it. Hell, I wasn’t buying it myself.
We went to a cafe nearby. We got our drinks and sat by the window. She gave me a friendly smile and gave none of the usual flirting signs she usually did. It was a relief, to say the least. I genuinely liked Molly but not that way.
John gave me a pained look and gave Mary a small smile. “We can’t all three dance,” he joked. I laughed. “I will be fine Mary. Go, before the song ends,” I said. They both smiled. John did that weird manly arm grab and sake thing to me. It was supposed to be friendly. It felt more dismissive than anything. It felt like he was saying it was okay for me to go. It was a kindness really.
“Maxine, you are the most i-important person in my life,” the man proclaimed as his voice shook. The paleness was quickly replaced by a scarlet blush.
His eyes darted around the room, but he never made eye contact. He was sweating, but it was a perfectly decent temperature.
“Well this entire situation is rather embarrassing now,” John sighed, relaxing into the couch. “I can’t believe how stupid we’ve been,” I said.
We have been dating for three months now. We have a new normal. It was much like the old normal. We still solved cases. I now live at 221b Baker St. Sherlock is still an asshole. I am still as I was, but now we’re together. No secrets, no shame. At least I assume no shame because Sherlock will randomly grab my ass whenever he feels like it. Not that it wasn’t welcome, but still. The man seems to have no shame.
He paused for a second and said, “John, you can’t dance, can you?” He was smirking because he already knew the answer. “You didn’t say no due to my condition; you said no because you can’t dance.” Bastard.
“Molly, she is asking if I want to go to dinner with her,” I sighed and rubbed my temples. How else am I to tell her that I am not interested in her or any other woman for that matter?
We shrugged and brought it in. “I didn’t think he liked gift-giving?” John said, pouring two cups of coffee. I pushed aside the case flies, careful not to mess up my work.
“Challenge the Sherlock Holmes? Now why would I ever do that?” He was teasing. His easy smile, and his quizzical expression made this evident.
“How?” I asked. If I wasn’t thinking about John, I was thinking about a case I wanted to work with John.
We talked about other things and we drank, not enough to get drunk. Just enough to enjoy this moment of calm. It was rare that I got moments like these. My brain rarely allowed it. The wine stained John’s lips a deep red color. I watched, enchanted by the way they moved while he talked.
Eventually, Sherlock breathed a deep sigh. “I'm not blind, neither are you. I've figured it out, we're fine.”
', the note on the kitchen table said as John came home shortly before dawn. He put the groceries down, frowning slightly. He had given neither Jim nor Sherlock a new case, had in fact hoped both would stay quiet for the next few days. This must have been one of the few cases he was not actually involved in. Those always sparked his interest, because anyone new in town ought to consider their alliances carefully. He dug his phone out of his pockets and dialled Jim's number.
He had always thought breaking someone's heart was a metaphor. You couldn't literally break someone's heart, Sherlock thought as he sat on the couch watching telly with John without actually seeing any of it. It was incredible how much it actually – literally – hurt in his chest. He had no right to be angry, or mad at John. John was free to do whatever (or whomever) he liked, he owed Sherlock no single thing. Not a nice word, not a gesture or a kiss, nothing of all the things John had ever done for him. Sherlock didn't deserve a man like John Watson anyway, maybe John had finally come to realise that. Maybe John had decided to move on. Sherlock shouldn't be surprised, really. Not after all the things he'd said. It broke his heart either way.
He ought not to have bothered to have brought the gun with him, and he needn't have paused and readied himself in front of John's door before he slammed it open. John wasn't even conscious.
They had already been lying on Sherlock’s bed anyways, John dead from work and Sherlock in that state of unbound energy that boredom usually left him in. They had been talking about blood samples.
Sherlock didn’t respond. He just came to stand by Jim next to the window and handed him a cup and saucer. Moriarty gently brushed his fingers over Sherlock’s as he took it. Sherlock’s eyes flickered to Jim’s, but only for a split second.
Sherlock's phone made a noise, and he threw a short glance at its screen. There was no particular expression on his face, but Molly wondered whether he was musing about the message or the answer to her question.
In the end their incoherent fumbling – because Sherlock seemed intent not to let John touch him – lead to John taking Sherlock's head in between his hands and guiding him in between his legs. You could see Sherlock's mind rear up at the thought, and he looked as if he'd soon be sick all over John's stomach, but he finally opened his mouth and began to meekly lick John's cock. A delighted sigh left John's mouth, and he cooed Sherlock through it with a litany of compliments and moans as he guided him up and down in just the right pace until Sherlock made a strangled, gagging noise in the back of his throat. It was awesome.
