Sam took a small breath in.
Dean smiled. He liked Charlie like this. Free from the tensions of Apocalypse World, letting loose. She had a spark in her eyes that he hadn’t seen in a long time, and for a second, it was almost like his old friend had never died.
Charlie’s eyes lit up. “She’s so good. She’s literally the cutest. She made me breakfast in bed the other day. Just because! I love her so much!”
“I don’t sleep.” Cas tilted his head to the side.
“Yeah! Are you going to teach me?”
Sam screws up his face and regrets his comment about Cas being nice.
“Sam taught me how to put a tracker on your phone. Oh, don’t you look at me like that. I knew this would happen. You don’t have to prove you’re still young and ‘hip’ by drinking yourself into a gutter.”
Cas shoves his knee over into Dean’s. Dean tries to pin Cas’s leg down with his own, but Cas bucks him off.
Dean’s grumbling was cut off by a yelp from Eileen. She fell from her seat and tumbled forwards, almost knocking into Cas.
Confident he’s not going anywhere, Cas relaxes his grip and smiles. “CrossFit,” he says, deadpan.
“Okay. Left leg.”
He crouches down and hauls Cas’s body closer to him so Cas’s chest is on his knees and cradles Cas’s head in his hands.
He hunched his shoulders, the weight of everyone’s gaze causing him to collapse in on himself.
“Okay, Harry, repeat after me.”
Sam grimaces. “Sorry again for shooting you.”
“I was playing that new game you got me! It’s really good, by the way. Thank you.”
Jack wriggled himself free of Dean’s grip. “You let me smoke weed as long as I don’t do it in the house.”
Considering you just stabbed me repeatedly, he thinks subconsciously, but Cas pretends not to notice.
“Yes!”
“Come on guys, it sounds like fun!”
he stops again. “
you put up with him?” Sam asked Cas.
“On your own head, be it.”
“The demon he banged. And told me about. In explicit detail,” Dean told her, glad the attention had shifted from him.
Dean laughed at his deadpan delivery. “No, not that. Come with me.”
“So you’re not going to drink far too much and get blackout drunk, then?”
They end up using Cas’s telekinesis to get the vessel down, because they both realize there is no way they’re going to be able to carry him. This turns out to have the added bonus of being their first act of revenge on Sam, when they float a corpse past him as he’s cooking. Sam nearly pisses himself.
“You are a strange man, Dean Winchester.”
“Nope, you can learn to drive the normal way. You wanted human experiences, didn’t you?”
Dean took her hand and kissed it, then escorted her into the car and shut the door.
“No, I didn’t!” He sputtered. “I called him bud!”
Cas pulled him in for another kiss.
“You know I don’t believe you for a second.”
“You know I don’t have a harp. Now, are you going to help, or just make pointless comments?”
Cas appeared at the door to the barn. He looked around in confusion at the decapitated bodies on the floor and as to how he got there. His eyes eventually met Jack’s and he started to walk forwards, the sparks still raining down on him. Jack ran forward and hugged him, burying his face in Cas’s shoulder. “I did it! I wasn’t sure if I could, but I could! I brought you back, Cas!”
The reason for her fall was soon made obvious. The edge of her sarong had flown up in the wind and gotten caught in the rotating paddle mechanism at the front of the boat. Dean and Cas instantly stopped pedaling and Sam threw out a hand to catch her.
“It’s not exactly the worst thing he’s done,” Cas defended.
“Jack needed to stay at the bunker to be near his classes, anyway,” Dean defended.
“Well don’t leave me hanging, babe, what’d you get?”
“Can I see?” Cas asked, extending a hand towards Jack.
Cas stared after them. “You got a dog?”
“Guys!” Sam interrupts. “Can we not do this today? I have to be in this car, too.”
He knocked three times on the door and took some breaths to help mentally psych himself up for the inevitable shitstorm that was about to go down.
“Yeah!”
Cas had taken the whole ‘becoming human’ thing very seriously and had spent weeks researching the optimal way to care for the human body. As such, he always ate perfectly balanced meals, got his five portions of fruits and vegetables, and most importantly, worked out five days a week. Years of weightlifting combined with Cas’s millennia of experience fighting in Heaven’s armies made him a formidable opponent.
Dean pushed Miracle onto the floor so he could curl up next to Cas instead and ran a hand up his thigh.
“Yep!” Jack beamed. He turned to Dean. “Do we have any Cocoa Puffs? I’m starving.”
“Oh, we are so tabling this discussion for another day, but right now—”
The room was simply but sophisticatedly decorated, mostly in a chic glossy white, but with a few color accents, and was, most importantly, a living room. The second mercy he was granted was that a quick look down told him he was still fully dressed in the same clothes from the night before.
“You had two beers.”
Dean starts fidgeting with his hand, picking imaginary dirt from under his nails.
“Umm, sure. I’m done with dinner anyway.”
Dean chuckled at the memory of an increasingly frustrated Cas yelling at a cowboy statue behind the bar and insulting it when it didn’t take his order.
“Yes. There’s only three of them; Sandra, Debbie, and Julia. They were all very helpful in getting me settled. Kept asking if I needed anything, making me coffee.”
“Whining,” Cas reiterates.
“This is what we wanted, remember? To grow old together?”
Dean laughs with cocky bravado.
“Thanks, babe,”
“Wow. You have no idea how to give compliments, do you?” she teased.
Sam started making small talk with Cas, now the boys were gone, welcoming him back, but Dean couldn’t focus on anything they were saying. He kept looking back in the rear-view mirror. Occasionally, their eyes would lock and he’d quickly look away.
“Yeah, I know, I think about him too. You know what? That pain’s not going to go away. Right?” Dean evaded. “But if we don’t keep living, then his sacrifice is going to be for nothing. So quit being a fricking Eeyore, huh?”
Charlie had just about forced herself into a seated position but was still swaying slightly. “Ugh, about five different alcohols.”
Dean put down the vial on the bed and handed Cas a half-full bottle of whiskey. Cas took a large gulp then winced. “Ugh, I forgot how strong that is as a human.”
“Yeah, but that’s all boring stuff. I think it’s time for our next big adventure.”
“Sammy, don’t you dare. Sammy, mmmh!—”
The top of Cas’s disheveled head is covered in several small wounds like he is being cut open from the inside. His face is flushed red and covered in a thin film of sweat, which trickles down his face and mingles with the blood.
Cas relaxes his grip on the flower to sit back on his heels and gives Dean a look of disbelief he knows he can’t see.
“Damn right!” Dean says out loud, then laughs maniacally to himself. “Oh, this is brilliant. I can finally say everything I’ve wanted to say for the last two weeks! Sammy, screw you for shooting me. That hurt like a bitch. And you need a haircut, you’re starting to look even more ridiculous than usual. And podcasts are for girls—”
he says through gritted teeth.
“It’s not funny Dean, I’m having dinner with Eileen’s great-aunt tomorrow. She’s come all the way from Ireland to meet me and the baby and I’m going to turn up smelling like a stoner.”
“Exactly. Toned it down, not stopped. We’re not old grandpas just yet. Is that the best you’ve got, Sammy? ‘Cause I’ve got stories about you for days. Do you guys want to hear what Sam got up to with a watermelon at Stanford?”
“Yeah, he took it well.” He winced. “I think he broke a few of my ribs though.”
“What happened in your fight with Chuck? Obviously, you didn’t die, like he wrote, so how’d you win?”
She gets to her feet and paces lightly in front of the couch, slowly closing the distance between them.
“Are you sure you don’t want Jack here?”
“Very,” he said around a mouthful of bacon. “Didn’t do all that much talking though.”
Cas tried to distance himself from Dean and headed to the other side of the hallway.
“This isn’t a fucking Jane Austen novel, Cas. They don’t need a chaperone.”
“Oh, he is. I know how he gets when he’s upset. I recognize the signs. He’s just putting on a brave face.”
“Kitchen.”
He grabs the first one his hand reaches, but he can instantly feel Dean disapproving.
“What does it say?” Sam asks.
Cas reached into his own pocket for his gift, his eyes still burning a hole in the back of Dean’s head. “I made you something, too. And no one had to suffer for these.”
His eyes scanned the personnel. Charlie had texted to say she was here, but all he could see was a man in incredible tight leather pants and no shirt talking to a drag queen wearing an elaborate purple wig and silver sequin dress.
Dean resumed his pacing, walking from one side of the café to the other, past several tables of annoyed diners.
hair! I’m going gray!”
“Nah, that mutt’s been running around for days.” The man's voice was gruff, with a heavy southern drawl. “Think it’s a stray. Keeps eating out my trash can.” He glared at the dog, as if warning it off.
“Don’t bother saving me. I want to die.” His words were starting to slur together but he persisted. “I deserve this.”
Dean recognizes the feeling of the bunker’s kitchen’s tiled floors instantly and opens his eyes without hesitation. He’s glad he did. He gets to see Sam jump out of his skin, and spill some of the milk out of his freshly-prepared bowl of cereal.
“Rowena mentioned them once. I say ‘mentioned’. It was a half-hour rant. One of them stole a spell of hers in 1846 and she’s still not over it.”
He goes to take off his flannel, but the voice in his head has something to say about that, too.
Dean and Cas stare after him, seething.
Harrison made puppy dog eyes at his mom.
Over the next few months, Dean and Cas spent nearly every available moment wrapped in each other's arms. They would steal kisses in doorways, on couches, behind the bookshelves, but always when they were alone, breaking apart the second they heard someone else enter the room.
Sam knocks courteously on the door but doesn’t wait for an answer before entering. He regards the phone on the table with amusement.
Her eyes lit up. “So I’m still in with a chance, then?”
“Very sensible,” Sam nodded.
“I’ve wanted to do that for a very long time.” There was absolutely no regret in Sam’s voice.
Dean palmed his jean pockets for his phone. He wasn’t expecting it to turn on, but it did, displaying a measly 3% battery and twenty missed calls and seventeen texts from Cas, as well as an email from Papa John’s about a new voucher for half off delivery, this week only.
“If Chuck could get Lucifer out of The Empty, I should be able to get Cas out.”
As they made their way up to the front door, Cas addressed the sky. “Jack? We’re here.”
“She was too interested in selling it across Europe for massive profit.”
Cas shifted his eyes from the sullied spot on the ground to look him resolutely in the eye. “If you’re not happy, you’re welcome to leave.”
Cas, already half-drunk on a single glass of champagne, pulled her into a hug. “I thought you weren’t coming?”
Dean snaps him out of his trance.
“Historically, nothing.”
“I do say so. You’re a middle-aged woman’s wet dream. Cute as hell, good with kids, you give off a dorky, non-threatening vibe in your little sweater vests.”
“Dunno,” Dean examined his face, “maybe a bit older? But you’ll do.”
The inside wasn’t quite what he was expecting; it looked like a regular nightclub, not that he’d been to too many of those. Dive bars were more his thing. It was nearly identical to his favorite bar downtown except for the rainbow patterned accessories scattered around the place. Nothing too major, just a rainbow straw here or there and the seven stools at the bar that were each a different color.
A weak groan caused his attention to drift. On another couch, perpendicular to his own, was Charlie, looking as terrible as he imagined he did. She was missing a shoe, her hair was splayed all over the armrest, and she had a feather boa he had a vague memory of wrapped around her neck.
Dean floundered. “Nah, that’s just how he looks at people. Dude’s got a really intense stare.”
“You’re the brother, yes?” she said with a thick Irish accent.
Cas shrugs. “To show us a display of her talents, or as a courtship gift?”
“Dean, we have no plans for today,” Cas added like the traitor he was.
“Exactly. You could use the workout.”
He turned back to her. “I used to do mostly books, but I started doing freelance for extra money when Dean bought the diner. Just a few manuscripts in old languages, here and then. Until I messed up a few weeks ago. Mostly, I translated things like Latin or Ancient Greek. Dead languages, but still known. Someone sent me a stack of documents to translate and accidentally included a photograph of a stone tablet, carved in an ancient dialect only spoken by one small village in what is now Estonia three thousand years ago. It was the end of the day and I was tired, I wasn’t thinking, I just wanted to go home and it was the last thing I had to do, so I just translated it and sent it back. I got a phone call the next day from the head of linguistics at Columbia University asking me how the hell I did that. Apparently, they’ve been trying to translate it for years with no luck.”
“Because you’d make an amazing father. I know your own father wasn’t exactly a role model. Mine wasn’t either. But you’re good with kids. You absolutely adored Harrison. You loved seeing those kids trick or treating last year. You’ve even gotten much better with Claire, and she’s a handful for most. But because you’re with me, you’re never going to be able to have kids of your own. I’m keeping that from you.”
He knows Cas could do that for him, but he appreciates being allowed to take his time. Slowly, he cracks open one eye and brings up a hand to shield from the sun.
“You’re having a baby?” Dean pulled back but didn’t completely let go, holding Sam around the elbows at arms length.
“Yes, of course. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“I’m sorry, okay? Just let me up.”
“I think it was good for us. It was a pivotal bonding moment in our friendship.”
Sam gladly books two rooms at the motel, as overpriced as it is, if it means he can have a few hours peace from the bickering.
“Oh, I’m sure we can arrange that. Best man, maid of honor, and all that. So, you got any plans once this shindig is over?”
“Are you ever going to tell me about you two?”
“Uh, no.”
Cas scrunches his eyebrows into a small frown. “Try to find the counterspell.”
“I told you. I’m practicing living as a human, so that means no powers.”
Dean furrowed his brow.
Dean took Cas out of the door, then down a few more twists of the bunker’s identical hallways until they were out of Jack’s celestial earshot.
“Yeah, you should be old enough to start kindergarten soon,” Dean interjected, with a laugh.
“Yep. Cute, ain’t he?”
“Come on, let’s get you comfy.”
The memory of Rowena storming around his room appears in his mind, as fresh as if it were yesterday. How she paced from side to side, arms flailing, stopping occasionally to point at him for emphasis, before screaming in frustration and slamming the door behind her.
Dean hadn’t noticed Cas preparing the tweezers until they were already poking into his aching wound. It takes Cas a few attempts to get a grip on the bullet, causing Dean to scream in pain every time, but finally, he manages to pull it from his thigh and sets it with a clank into the sink.
“Hey Deano. How’s domestic bliss?”
“No, with a pineapple.” Sam rolled his eyes. “Look, I get that you’re shocked. Believe me, we were too. This wasn’t exactly planned, but we’re both really excited and I know this will change things a lot, but I think it’s time–”
“Blessing? What kind of blessing?” Dean was very intrigued. Cas didn’t often talk about his life before he met the Winchesters.
“So I know who to shoot. Wait—” Dean did a double-take. “
After Miracle had eaten all the remaining scraps of turkey, it was time to open the rest of the presents. Sam pretended to be annoyed at Dean’s gift of a CD of Céline Dion’s Greatest Hits but Dean knew he secretly loved it. Cas got Eileen a couples’ pedicure voucher, but Sam wasn’t too keen, so Cas agreed to come along instead. Harry had received a load of new toys which made squeaky noises that Dean knew would irritate Sam but delight Eileen.
“How did you find me?”
Dean mockingly imitated him. “If I’m going to be the cool uncle, I need to set my reputation early. What else is he up to these days? Walking, talking?”
“So, at what point did you realize these dinners were not as platonic as you thought?” Sam inquired, equally engrossed as his wife.
He knows Dean knows as well as he does what the next step is, but he can feel him stalling.
Jack reached for Harry, but Eileen was reluctant to let him out of her grip. Eventually, the toddler’s wiggling became too much to handle and she passed him over but kept her hand pressed to his back.
“Now you’re human again, you’re vulnerable to bad influences. I’m confiscating this for your own good,” Dean said firmly to Cas.
Jack had started applying for colleges almost as soon as he passed his exams. He spent weeks working on his admission essays, rewriting some, rewording others, and using his powers to disintegrate the ones he hated the most. He still hadn’t decided on a major when he was accepted into Stanford University, much to Sam’s delight.
Plural? How many people have you slept with?”
“I’ve actually just finished Parks and Recreation and I was about to start a new show. It’s called Bridgerton. Have you heard of it?”
Dean waggles his eyebrows flirtatiously.
Dean barely had time to grab his drink before Charlie was taking his hand and dragging him to the dance floor.
Sam leaned around Eileen to shush them. Dean winked cockily at Cas and mouthed ‘Later.’
Cas picks up the fallen cabinets one at a time, lamenting his weakened grace for how long it takes to lift them all and shoves the scattered papers back into the drawers at random. With the floor cleared, he pours the bleach into the water bucket and proceeds to wipe down the already-drying blood on the floor.
“Dean, I understand you have some reservations, but I assure you, I’m not like Michael. I won’t use your body to commit any atrocities, and I’ll let you go as soon as my old vessel is healed.”
“Two or three times a day should do it.”
Dean waggles his eyebrows flirtatiously. “Oh, I’m sure we can think of something.”
Cas took his hand. "The rest of our lives."
Dean tugs at the cuffs, but they don’t budge. He strains and tries to fold his thumb in to squeeze it out, but the cuffs are too tight.
“Nothing, huh?” Sam was really struggling to keep from smiling now. “Nothing happened while you and Dean were all alone? Together?”
Cas ignores him and walks up to the tomato stall. The older of the two women looks at him appreciatively.
“Anyway, did I pass the interrogation? Am I free to go?” Cas queries.
That wasn’t what he was expecting Dean to say. Dean had been complaining nonstop for weeks, demanding control of his own body again.
“You know who Jack is but not Eileen? Did Chuck write Eileen out of the ending? Oh man, she’d hate that. Sam was dating Eileen long before we took on Chuck. They got married a while back and have a son.”
Cas is lying at the bottom of the stairs, halfway under a metal filing cabinet. Several others are upturned around him, their contents spilled everywhere. Dean should be alarmed that Cas doesn’t even have the strength to lift the cabinet, but he’s too distracted by the state Cas is in.
Sam frowned. “I hadn’t thought about that. We’ve never discussed it. I don’t know what she thinks about marriage, actually,” he said sheepishly.
“Hey, that’s all in the past. I’m a tax-paying, law-abiding citizen now. I drive at the speed limit, never park in front of fire hydrants, hell, I even voted in the last election.”
“Yeah, it's getting late. I could use some shut-eye.”
A few minutes later, Cas heard footsteps coming back down the garden.
“You’ve only had control of one half of your body for twenty-five days, it might be a shock to you to have both legs again.
Dean rubbed his hands together in glee when he saw his ice cream in Cas’s hand. Sam and Eileen handed the four ice creams to Jack, who beamed back at them.
The sing-song voice comes from behind them. They turn on their heels, abandoning their need to be quiet, and head to the door at the back of the foyer.
Dean took another look at the photo. Eileen looked fine in it to him, her eyes were shining brightly and she had little dimples in her cheeks he’d never noticed before. Maybe she was a little bit flushed, but that was to be expected for a woman who’d just given birth.
“Not in California. We ‘hashtag legalized it’.”
“No!” he yells through gritted teeth.
The next morning, Cas and Dean spent a long morning lounging in bed, trading slow, salacious kisses, in no rush to start the day, but eventually Dean’s stomach informed them it was time to get up.
“Uhm, it wasn’t exactly a kiss, it was a lifesaving procedure. It was more like… CPR.”
“It’s the hottest day of the year so far. He’s probably off partying with a bunch of co-eds on a beach somewhere. You think he wants to visit some old men? We should just start without him.”
“What was that about, Cas?” Sam asks.
“Because it’s been that long, Cas. I didn’t know it at the time, but it has.
Sam blinks. “You can still speak, even though Dean took control of that.”
“Have you decided what you’re ordering yet, guys?”
“What are you talking about? I say it all the time?” he protested.
Dean laughed sleepily. "Okay. I promise to be horrible to every barista, waitress, and any other minimum wage employee I ever meet again. Happy?"
Cas turns the key in the ignition and feels the engine roar to life under his hands. He flicks off the handbrake and shifts into drive.
Dean kissed him on the top of his head.
Cas scoffed. “When have you ever followed the law?”
“Oh yeah, what are you going to do about it?” Cas challenges.
“Thank you. I saw how much you liked the ones in the shop, so I thought you’d like these. They weren't as easy as I thought to make. I had to watch a YouTube tutorial.”
“Nice.”
Sam’s eyes flicker down from his face to feet and assess all the differences he sees in his brother’s body. How he’s standing up slightly straighter, his shoulders pushed back. How his hands are hanging stiffly at his sides rather than shoved into his pockets, and his feet are only shoulder-width apart instead of their usual broad stance.
Dean sighed. “No, kid. He’s stuck with me, I’m afraid. Now bring that coffee over here.”
“Promise?” Cas looked at him with big, hopeful eyes.
“Well, golly gosh. What a handsome gentleman caller at my door so early in the morning! What can I do for you, sugar?”
“You deserve this,” Sam states with the righteous conviction of a man driven to the edge.
“Well, the spell was in Latin, which doesn’t narrow it down much. She knew I was an angel, so she probably has some advanced detection abilities. She’s immensely powerful, a spell like that can’t have been easy. She was wearing very expensive clothes and had a logo on her handbag, some designer, but I can’t place which one. And she had a band around her wrist. It was purple, and sort of poofy. It could be the symbol of her coven.”
Their breathing becomes slow and measured. Dean lets his eyes droop as he wills his muscles to relax. His erection starts to fade slightly as he feels his bladder begin to ease and release.
“That’s fine, Dean. I just want get inside so I can go already.”
Sam’s stream finally starts to wane. The sounds of it hitting the water grow lighter. He pushes himself back upright from the wall and quickly shakes out the last few drips before getting his cock shoved back in his pants. He flushes the toilet and makes a hasty exit to avoid any more exposure to Cas and his brother still steadily relieving themselves in all available drains.
“Yeah, that’s the thing about it.  Everyone knows it happens, that’s why a sitcom can make a joke about it that everyone in the audience will get.  Yet, if you ask someone if they do it, it’s like there is an unwritten law that they have to lie and say, ‘no’, even though it is so common.  Humans have a LOT of hang ups about sex, and talking about it is definitely a hurdle.”
The next morning the boys rolled out to make the day long trek back to the bunker, each with their new giant water bottles making the journey with them.
“Ohhh, Dean.”  There’s a jolt straight to Dean’s cock he wasn’t expecting.  “It feels sooo good.  I can feel it building already.  Please, tell me more.”
“I wouldn’t have said it if I didn’t mean it. I think about it all the time,” Cas moves his arms around to Dean’s chest, washing down his pecs and leaning closer to his ear. “I watch how you touch yourself, how you give yourself pleasure, and all I want to do is be the one to make you come.” Cas whispers slowly into Dean’s ear as he moves the washcloth lower overs his taught stomach. “I’m going to clean you up so that I can taste you, taste all of you.”
Dean takes the end of the towel still under Cas’s butt and uses it to clean off Cas’s stomach as best he can.  Then he lets himself collapse next to him on the bed.  Cas cuddles into his side and they both close their eyes as they let their breathing come back to normal.
Cas’ pace quickens as Dean’s body goes limp and he feels the band of his pleasure snap as he finally reaches his peak and comes inside Dean. His orgasm seems to extend beyond his control as his muscles spasm and flex. The last of the tremors subside and Cas is careful to collapse over to Dean’s side, so as not to crush him.
After a few more minutes, they find the wherewithal to disentangle their bodies and make their way to the lake to rinse off the evidence of their secluded fun.
Without wasting another second, Castiel unscrewed the oversized glass bottle and brought it down in front of his crotch.  Cas pulled the elastic hem of his sleep pants down with his other hand and grabbed his thick, slightly swollen cock.  He placed the tip of his dick against the small opening of the bottle and immediately let loose a torrent of piss.
“I swear, Dean, I don’t care which place you stop at, just find somewhere quick!” Sam exclaims, clear strain in his voice.
“No! Well, probably if you were in a motel shower and trying to keep it a secret from me and Sam, then, yeah, too loud for that.  But right now, it was fine.”
As Dean makes his way to the kitchen in his dead-guy robe he feels the blood drain from his face when he finds his brother sitting at the table, removing headphones from his ears and putting them back into the bag by his feet.
“Oh, fuck, Cas.  You look amazing.  Ahhh, you’re going to make it hard for me to finish this,” Dean moans as his cock gives an appreciative little jump.
That’s all it took. A little innocent teasing from Dean mixed with both of their competitive natures and voila! They’ve got a full blown volume contest on their hands.
“Wow.”
“Of course.  And as far as when to masturbate, I mean, the bunker has plenty of privacy, so just do what you got to do.  And when we are all on the road, the shower is usually my go-to.”
Dean perks up at that and leans forward to give Cas a quick kiss. “Yeah. We can make a lot more plans.”
“I want you – ,” Dean begins to explain, being interrupted with kisses. “ – to lower your trunks… and I’ll lower mine… and then we can let go against each other – “
“No, of course not.  It’s just… watching you, I mean, not WATCHING you, but seeing you like that made me realize that I… really need to piss too.  Would you mind if I…,” Dean gestured toward the bottle in Cas’s hand with a sheepish look on his face.
Dean shudders as Cas’ hands dip along his hip bones. He puts the washcloth back on the hook before running his palms over the tops of Dean’s thighs. He can’t figure how he got so lucky, but he isn’t going to question it, only encourage it. “What are you going to do after you taste me, Cas?”
“Ohh.  Oh, thank you, Dean.  I was so nervous about what I was going to do.  Thank you for helping me.  Ahhhh.”  Cas continued to sigh and moan over the harsh sound of his jet of piss hitting first the side of the bottle and then frothing up as it filled the bottom.  His stream was forceful and thick and Dean didn’t bother to look away because Cas was still thanking him for the help.
“Will you tell me more, Dean?”
“It’s just, hearing the water is making me feel like I need to urinate and it’s too distracting to ignore.  I’m just getting out to take care of it.”
After Dean lets Cas rinse off the soap, he massages shampoo into his hair before they switch roles and he lets a slightly hesitant, but very enamored Cas clean him slowly and thoroughly.  Although Cas has seemed nervous to touch Dean much, he seems to have taken his cues from what he just experienced and follows the same path with the soap around Dean’s body.  Dean is hoping that with a few more demonstrations, Cas’s follow-the-leader mentality will pay off.
“I got you, just let go, I wanna see you.”
“Is that why people masturbate in the shower?  Because it is always private?”
Sam left in the early morning, so Dean and Cas got to enjoy breakfast together.  After that Cas convinced him to work out in the gym for a bit.  Which naturally lead to the perfect opportunity for Dean to suggest they take a shower.  Dean met up with Cas in the bunker’s bathroom and after they disrobed, Dean follows Cas into a single shower stall.
“Well, if you say so.”  Dean can hear Cas go back behind his curtain and turn the tap back on.  After a few moments he hears a soft sigh.  “Umm, Dean.  It is swirling with the water and it is touching my feet.”
“I… I feel that I need to urinate quite soon.  What should I do?”
“Umm, Dean?”
Cas falls forward and rests against Dean’s chest as they both catch their breath.
“Deeeeann.”
Dean noticed a marked improvement in his alertness and mood fairly early on.  When they all stopped for lunch he even decided to eat the vegetables that came along with his meal, making Sam’s eyebrows rise up to his hairline.  In fact, everyone seemed to be in a decent mood.  They were singing along to his tunes and riding with the windows down.  Dean got a nice warm feeling in his chest about the new dynamics in their little band of hunters.  Team Free Will, back at it again, now with more stability and less drama.
Dean lets out a groan and leans his head back as his dick twitches and pushes out shot after shot of hot, white cum.  Cas gasps as his orgasm punches through his pelvis and his cock erupts against the trunk of their sodden tree.
Dean wasn’t sure what he expected to see when he opened the bathroom door, but the sight that greeted him was beyond his wildest fantasies.
Back and forth for the next half hour, Dean and Cas drink down the entire contents of their large bottles, all while pretending to be fully engaged in their reading material.  Sam is none the wiser and Dean continues to keep a pleasant yet mischievous smirk on his face.
“What?  I don’t understand,” Cas responded, adding confusion to his strained expression.
“Maybe, but everyone feels that way.  It’s best not to over think it, especially in our line of work.  If something makes you happy and you’re not hurting anyone else, then go for it.”
“What’s wrong,” Dean asked, instantly more awake.
“I think we can agree that this was a win all around,” Dean chuckles as he pulls Cas in close by his hips and kisses him.
And then the noises started.
“Oh yeah.  Would you want to do something like that again?”
“Well, not always.  I mean, orgasms can be different.  Some not as powerful.  It helps when there is extra input.”
Dean is more than okay with not talking with his brother about what they all had to do in a desperate moment, but he knows that he will be try to relive it with Cas as soon as possible.
“Maybe you can coach me through it.”
“No, it is just this internet joke about porn.  Don’t worry about it.  Anyway…”
“Right, so. Umm, you wanted to know if what we did in the shower counted as… us having sex?”
“No, nothing wrong. I just – I want to try something with you, if you’re okay with it.”
“I’ve thought about that too.”
Dean wondered if making poor Cas wait like this was just his dad’s old habits coming through.  Cause really, why couldn’t he just stop and let the guy pee?  It wasn’t like they were running late for anything, they had nowhere to be.  And it would be nice to get some relief for himself as well.
“Oh, Dean, yes!” Castiel exclaims as he lets his head fall back again, getting lost in the feel of his shaft stroking against Dean’s cock.
“Sometimes I feel like the things that make me happy are very strange.”
Dean expects resistance from Sam. He has always been more concerned about privacy. But to his surprise Sam just sighs and says, “Yeah. I guess that works. But I call toilet.”
“Well, it’s not exactly legal, but desperate times call of desperate measures.  And there’s no one around anyway,” Sam explained.
“Got it,” Sam nods, squeezing his thighs together.
“I just… I want to make sure I don’t do something that is ‘rude’ or ‘creepy’, but I’ve been feeling, well… the urge to masturbate or something of the sort, but I’m never sure when I should do that.  And we all are always around each other.  I don’t want to mess up and make you or Sam uncomfortable,” Castiel’s explanation was getting more rushed as he continued.  It was clear to Dean that this issue was causing him a lot of anxiety.
Cas knows that it was definitely not a normal interaction between two friends to “jerk off”, as Dean calls it, while in the same room and while talking to each other.  But they didn’t see each other, or talk about each other, they just talked about what they were individually doing and Dean gave him some suggestions.  What makes it more complicated, though, is that Cas knows he was more effected by Dean being there and hearing him than he would have been with someone else coaching him through masturbation.  Since the “shower event”, as he has come to call it, Cas has tried masturbating a few more times.  Each time he starts out as Dean suggested, with picturing something that turns him on.  Cas has tried a lot of different images, but none are as instantly successful as picturing Dean.  Especially when Cas pictures Dean urinating into the Jack Daniels bottle at the motel room from a month ago.  Cas was surprised by how mesmerizing and erotic that looked.  At the time, he couldn’t pull his eyes away and he realized afterwards that his penis was firmer and his breath was labored.  Replaying that scene in his head later, when he was able to be alone and touch himself, brought on some of the best orgasms he has experienced in his short life as a human.
“I… I think I want to wait until I’m ready for that.”
Dean looks almost overwhelmed.  Cas’s stream is hitting him just below his navel and the piss is cascading down over his ever hardening cock.  Dean has a grip on the base of his dick and he is slowly stroking his hand up the shaft and through the waterfall of piss flowing down.  His mouth is open, taking deep breaths in and out, and his eyes are glued to the sight.
“Are you- are you sure that’s what you want?” Dean asks, his muscles tensing slightly.
Cas’s hand is flowing beautifully over his cock, bringing him right to the brink.  Cas brings his face up to Dean and their mouths meet in a wet and desperate kiss.  Dean pulls away as another wave of pleasure hits him.  Dean has his eyes closed, concentrating on the feeling, when he hears Cas whispering to himself just under his panting breath, “Come for me, Dean… Come for me, Dean… Come for me, Dean…”
“What do you mean, Dean?”
Dean was finally distracted from his ridiculous thoughts when Cas asked another question, “So, if all humans pee in the shower, but none of them admit it… are there other things they all do but no one talks about?”
Cas allows himself a few more minutes of slow lapping and sucking over Dean’s cock before he pulls off with a pop and looks back up at Dean’s face. His cheeks are red and there is sweat prickling at his hairline. Cas has always admired how beautiful Dean was, but he doesn’t think he has seen him quite this gorgeous before.
“Now I just want you to relax.  I’m going to take the lead.  You just let me know if something bothers you and you want me to stop,” Dean says as he lowers himself next to Cas on the bed.  Cas simply nods and closes his eyes; a small smirk on his lips encouragimg Dean to continue with his plan.
“Well, usually only when you really have to go does it feel like that,” Sam offered as an explanation.
“So what kinds of kinks are there?”  Cas asked as he took a long sip from his water bottle.
“Yes! Dean!” Cas cries as he lifts his pelvis to try to follow Dean’s retreating mouth.  Dean doesn’t make him suffer too long as he brings his tongue back to the base of Cas’s rigid dick and licks up the shaft again.  Cas lets out another moan and thrusts his hips up to meet Dean’s mouth and increase the pressure on his cock.
“Dean, just simply based on the few experiences we have had together, you have to admit that my volume has proven to be superior.”
“Well, you weren’t so bad yourself, babe.”
“No, no, Cas.  I’m not mad at you.  I just… you surprised me and I wanted to make sure we could talk without me crashing Baby or something.”
Oh, God. “Right.  Now take a little of the shampoo from the bottle and put it in the palm of your right hand.  Then you want to, uh, grip your dick and slowly spread the shampoo over the whole, uh, shaft.”
Cas took notice of Dean once he was kneeling, and let out a gorgeous moan. “Dean, oh, it’s so much,” he panted out as he opened his eyes briefly to look at Dean.
They drive along in silence for a moment, getting ever closer to the motel and the loss of privacy.  Castiel decides that he can’t leave his last questions unanswered and musters up the courage.
Being this close, Dean can feel Castiel’s arousal grow, feel his cock harden alongside his own. This kisses turn more passionate as they grind their bodies together. Before things get too far along, Dean pulls back to meet Castiel’s eyes.
“So, does that mean that you masturbate in the shower, Dean?”
“I am not familiar with most of those.”
“Dean, try to avoid bumps if you can,” Castiel pleads from the back seat.
“I… I want to help,” he says, still a little dazed from his recent orgasm.
“I want to try more.”
“Yeah, that’s the one.  What is that one about?”
The hunt had gone well.  Cas was understandably frustrated with the limitations of his human body, but like the loveable dork that he always was, he treated most of it like a research assignment.  Taking each new setback or awkward misstep as new data to add to is ever growing encyclopedic knowledge about being a human.
“Just another minute, babe. When we get in there you can take the shower and I’ll use the sink. Okay?”
“Yeah, exactly.  Well, I’m not sure of the best way to do this.”
The slow, steady rhythm feels luxurious and indulgent. Cas switches back and forth from watching Dean’s face as he moans and sighs, to watching his own cock disappear inside him. Cas feels his own need for release build, and he leans further forward and begins thrusting more quickly. Dean seems to appreciate the change as he lets out a louder moan and reaches up to stroke the sides of Cas’ face and run his fingers through his hair.
Dean drives back to the motel where Sam is probably still researching on his laptop back in the room they are all sharing.  Castiel feels a little disappointment sink in his stomach as he realizes he will have to wait to play with Dean until they are probably back at the bunker.  When Dean parks and Cas gets out and starts heading to their room, Dean grabs his hand and leads him around to the back of the motel and off into the dark woods that go on for about 50 yards before the highway passes through.  They end up about 20 yards into the woods, making it very difficult to see the back of the motel.  Dean pulls Cas close to him and their sides line up from shoulder to hip, giving off heat and making Cas ache for even more contact.  Cas is about to pull Dean to himself, but then he hesitates.
Castiel groans as he starts to release his own piss, letting if flow out over Dean’s stomach. It reaches higher towards Dean’s pectorals as his stream intensifies.
“Of course, Dean.”
Sam makes no effort to quiet the waterfall of sound created by his powerful stream filling the toilet bowl. He has tried to maneuver himself as far into the corner as possible and angle his back so neither his brother nor Cas has a direct line of sight to his gushing dick. This has put him in the slightly awkward position of practically standing over the bowl, directing his cock straight down as his feet take a wider stance to straddle the toilet. The relief feels amazing and he leans a bit forward to press his left palm against the wall, letting his arm help hold him up as he continues to drain his over flowing bladder into the splashing water below.
“Well, I guess it covers a whole bunch of stuff all involving pee.”
“Oh, well, BDSM is about bondage, like tying people up, and there are roles that people take on, the dominate and the submissive and it has to do with power and control and vulnerability and lots of stuff.  Plus a lot of times there is pain involved that is actually pleasurable to some people.  It has a whole community and lots of rules and takes a lot of trust.  And, well, MILFs stands for, umm, Mothers I’d Like to Fuck, which is, well, about older women.  Anal is sorta self-explanatory.  So are threesomes.  And, uh, watersports has to do with, uh, pee…”
“Oh, fuck yes,” Dean sighs, throwing his head back for a couple seconds before turning his eyes back over to watch Cas still spraying his relief next to him.  Cas watches as Dean grips his dick with two hands, almost as if the force of his powerful spray would be too much for just one hand to manage.  The sight of Dean getting sweet relief sends a wave of pleasure through Cas’s body and makes his dick harden further.  His bladder is almost empty and now all Cas really wants is to turn the bliss from his desperate release into a full climax.
Cas shoves back the shower curtain and decides there will be more room for them all if he just steps into the tub at the opposite end of the drain. He’s undoing his fly when sees Dean out of the corner of his eye. Dean has pulled his cock free and is standing with his hips flush to the counter top, aiming for the sink.
When the pangs started in his bladder, Dean was most of the way through reassembling his fourth gun. It wasn’t much yet, nothing he couldn’t handle. He was used to holding it for long periods of time, which was why he was sure that he would ultimately beat Cas in the end. He has spent years slowly expanding his capacity during long road trips. He figures he has a good half hour before he hits his limit.
“Well, there are three of us and there will be three drains in that bathroom. We got toilet, sink, and shower,” Dean holds up his fingers as he counts them off. “We could all just go in together and each take one to get some instant relief.” Dean states simply, feeling his bladder full to bursting.
“No, dude. You’re basing that off when you were so desperate you were about to piss yourself.  Of course it seemed like a lot. But you’ve never seen me get to that point. You don’t even know how much I can hold.”
The first kiss is gentle, just a modest brush of lips that makes Dean smile and sigh. He puts his own empty bottle next to the blanket and comes back to cup Castiel’s face as he leans in for another kiss. Their lips slide together, the slight friction causing tingles to spread through Dean’s body. He pulls Cas closer by his hip, trying to create as little space between them, wanting to feel their bodies pressed together. Cas is still wearing one of Dean’s vintage ACDC t-shirts, the soft fabric brushes against Dean’s naked chest, causing his nipples to harden.
Cas had been worried that his fascination with Dean urinating was a strange and undesirable reaction.  But hearing Dean say that there is a kink that involves urine is the first sign that he might just be normal, or at least not a complete creep.
“I suppose I should congratulate you as the winner,” Cas offers, appearing only mildly perturbed.
Dean pulled away again and slid his hand forward to smooth his thumb across Cas’s jawline.  “Did you enjoy that?”
“Yes, Dean, I’m so close!”
“Both, yeah both are good,” Dean huffs out with a laugh.
Well, he walked right into that one, didn’t he?
Dean has beaten Cas by just half an ounce.
“Hoo boy, you have hit a gold mine!”  Dean laughed and could almost hear the confusion on Castiel’s face.
“What’s the matter?”
“Thank you, Dean.  That means a lot to hear you say that.”
“Yes, of course.”
Cas knew it was such a silly competition, not really indicative of any particularly useful advantage or skill. But Cas could see the twinkle in Dean’s eye when they were arguing about it. It was meant to be fun, meant to be a little secret they shared, to build their relationship on not just drama and serious peril, but also pleasure and merriment.
“I’ve been… looking at some things on-line,” he spoke, tentatively.  He cranes his neck to look over at Dean’s face.
Dean brings his hand up to stroke Cas’s now wet shaft and he brings his mouth down further between Cas’s legs.
“Good.  Hand me the soap,” Dean smiles and holds out his hand.
“Hey,” Dean answers as he reaches behind Cas to turn on the water for them.  “Would it be okay if I helped get you clean?”
“Yeah, that happens.  Don’t worry about it.  It will all wash away.  Piss is sterile anyway, so it won’t hurt you if some gets on you.”
“Are you mad at me, Dean?  I’m sorry if I upset you.”
“Yeah, well.  Just don’t mention this to Sam, he gets all weird and judgy sometimes.  We’ll just keep it between us. Okay?
About two minutes passed when Dean saw a big lit-up truck stop about 100 yards down the road.
“Good.”
Castiel tilts his head to the side, “Something wrong?”
“Just relax and, mmmmm, let go.”
“Shit, now your making me go,” Dean relents as his own stream escapes his body.  “Oh fuck, it feels so good, I couldn’t hold it in.”
“I want to make you feel so good.  Like you did for me,” Cas says quietly as he starts to move his hand over Dean’s cock in earnest.
Cas mimics Dean’s movements, stroking at the same pace over his hard dick.  Massaging over the head every few pulls.  Feeling the slippery precum coat his hand and aide in the slide back down over the shaft.
“Yes. I’m so close.  Are you with me Cas?”
“I would like to watch you… pee again.  While I am peeing as well.”
“Oh!  Oh, Dean,” he exclaims as he quickly lets his limbs rest back on the mattress.  Dean opens his eyes to see Cas’s hands flexing on the sheets, trying to find purchase as Dean works his mouth up and down his shaft, making it slick.  Dean takes one of Cas’s hands and places it on the back of his head.  Cas immediately runs his fingertips through the short hairs at the nape of his neck, being careful not to push down.  Dean moans and it sends a shockwave through Cas that has him throwing his head back, stretching his neck taught.
“Well, I think the moans and everything really did the telling for us, but yeah. He knows about us now. And he actually seems pretty cool about the whole thing. Kinda smug, actually.”
Cas finally reaches the end of his piss, and the last few drops hit the floor as he increases the speed of the strokes along his shaft.  Dean directs his stream upwards to cascade down over Cas’s hand and cock.  Cas lets out a strangled moan feeling the heavenly warm, wet spray flow over his skin.  He can tell Dean is applying pressure as the force of the stream increases against him.
Cas takes a deep breath and then takes his cock in hand.  He aims for the pale skin just above Dean’s cock and tries to relax the muscles in his body to be able to let go.  It seems silly that this task is somehow more difficult than the other times he has pissed in front of Dean, but for some reason he is struggling to release his bladder.  He and Dean had made sure to drink plenty of water in preparation for this, but now Cas is desperate and yet still waiting to find relief.
“Just keep a steady pace.  Mmmm.  Stroke all the way out over the head.”
“Oh god, Cas.  You sound amazing,” Dean says with a smile as his pulls slowly and firmly up and down Cas’s shaft.  “You make me so hard.  Can I… can I try something?  Let me know if it’s too much.”
Castiel chuckles, but doesn’t lift himself up quite yet. Instead, he presses his mouth against the side of Dean’s neck, massaging kisses into the sensitive skin below his ear.
“Okay.  I’ll have to practice being quiet if I want to do this when other people might hear.”
“Thank you for being patient with me.  This was very enjoyable.  I think, uhh, I think I would like to do some research.  Find out what else I may like.  Could you, well, would you help me with that?”
Sam went on to inform Dean and Cas that one of the best ways to help your body from feeling run down was to drink plenty of water.  Sam gave them the highlights from the article he had found online.  They guys could all easily admit that they were definitely not staying hydrated.  Sam said he would stock them up with big bottles of water for the ride home tomorrow and see if they felt any better.
The three men rush into the room one after the other. Dean and Cas toss the bags onto the beds as they all make their way into the cramped bathroom.
“Yes.  You see, I know that masturbation is usually a private thing, but I saw on a list online that something called “mutual masturbation” is a way to be intimate with a partner.  So, I wanted to know if what we did was considered… intimate… to you…” Cas looks nervously back and forth from Dean’s eyes to the dark dashboard of the car.
“What’s going on Cas,” Dean mumbled while rising from his makeshift bed on the couch.
No more than five seconds later, he lets out another moan as his pent up piss finally releases in a gushing torrent out the tip of his dick to the waiting bowl below.
“So, um.  I know that you have been, ya know, struggling with all this new human stuff.  I just thought you should know that you’re doing okay.  I mean, everyone goes through awkwardness as they figure this stuff out, but usually they are small and people expect kids to not get everything.  You’ve got a ridiculously steep learning curve you’re dealing with.  And I just want you to know that I want to help.”
“No idea, but it can’t be too far.”
“I, ohhhhh, Dean, yes.”  Fuck.  Why did he have to keep using his name?  At this rate he won’t last much longer.
Dean wraps his towel around his waist and heads down the hall to his room.  Cas follows closely behind and when he enters the room, he quickly sets himself down in the middle of the bed.  Cas still has towel wrapped around his hips and Dean can see that he is already slightly aroused by the anticipation.  Dean clicks off one of the side lamps so that there is only light coming from one side, casting a soft glow over Cas’s fresh and clean skin.
“I… I guess.”  Cas turned his face out the window in the backseat and pressed his legs together.  Dean had to feel a little sympathy for the guy.  They had all been drinking plenty of water and Dean could feel the urge to piss as well.  Dean wondered if Cas was struggling more because he wasn’t as familiar with his body as a human.  He wasn’t as used to its sensations and limitations.  Dean looked back through the rearview mirror at Cas and saw the look of concentration deepen as each minute passed with no gas station or anything else coming into view.
“I was picturing you.” Cas forces out with the last of his waning courage, completely focused on his feet on the threadbare floor mat.
“No,” Cas breathes, hand moving more firmly over his own member.  “I… I want to… see what happens next.”
Fuck!  Dean’s brain is filled with the sight.  Cas’s wet, slick cock head.  Cas stroking over his wet, slick cock head.  Cas leaning back against the tile wall, head thrown back, neck taught, hand moving quickly over velvet hardness.  It’s all too much and Dean is panting as his hand flies over his own throbbing dick.
“Okay.  Just let me know,” Dean says with a smirk and a wink and he turns his face down toward his cock where he tugs it gently a few times before Cas can see a small trickle quickly turn into a full stream.
“Certainly better than most of the plans I make,” Cas answers and Dean lets out a gruff laugh into his shoulder.
“Would you let me burry my cock inside you?”
“Well… we are kind of in the middle of nowhere, buddy.  Do you think you can make it to the next gas station?”
As Cas comes down from his high Dean becomes keenly aware of his own straining arousal.  Up until now Dean has been very good at following the plan and keeping his focus on Cas, but now that he takes a moment to look down he sees that his cock is dripping with precum now smeared on his stomach and the sheets.
“Let’s clean up a bit and I’ll go grab us some water.”
“So, do I … do I just go on the ground, or am I supposed to aim for something?”
“Do you want me to tell you more?”
“Whoa, uh, slow down.”
“Alright, the way I see it, we got two options. Either we make a quick call on the order of who gets to use the bathroom, or ...”
Cas gasps with each pulse and Dean watches on in awe.  He’s never seen Cas as free and loose as he is now.  Cum splashing onto his stomach and panting with pleasure.
Once Dean is well prepped, Cas begins to feel the pressure of the situation. He so desperately wants to feel all of Dean, but he wants to make sure it is just as good for Dean as it is for him. Dean seems to sense his hesitation, or maybe he is just getting impatient himself, because he sits up to take Cas’ face in his hands to guide him into a soft and passionate kiss.
“What Cas? Tell me what you want,” Dean asks with a desperate whine.
“I want you to go towel off and meet me in my room.  Go lie on my bed and just close your eyes and relax.  Can you do that for me?” Dean asks, his mouth close to Cas’s ear, his cheek against the other man’s cheek.
“Okay, Dean,” Cas replies as he beams at him.
“Tell me,” Dean lets out in a hushed moan.
“Oh God, Cas.  You look amazing like this,” Dean says before groaning as his rubs his palm over the head of his cock.
Castiel cuts Dean off with a moan as he pulls him into another deep kiss. “Yes! Yes, I want that, Dean,” he breaths out against Dean’s lips.
“You are.  You’re doing so good.  Oh, Cas.  Keep going, just like that.”  Dean lets his hand fall away to help brace himself on his knees on the bed.
Dean pants against his cheek, eventually bringing his arms around him and planting gentle kisses along his sensitive skin.
“Okay.  But, Dean, where should I be touching myself exactly?  Should I touch just the shaft, or the just the top?  When do the testicles come in?”
Cas really must have been desperate.  His stream was pale and thick and just kept coming.  Dean couldn’t tear his eyes away.  Luckily Cas was too blissed out with relieving himself that he didn’t look over to Dean and notice him staring.  Dean eventually turned his attention back to his own urgent business just as his stream was weakening.  As he pushed the last dregs out and shook the drops from the tip of his dick he felt a little blush reach his cheeks as he noticed his dick was getting a little firm.  He shook his head a bit to clear it, but it didn’t help that after he zipped up and looked back over to Cas, he was still pissing away.
“I… I like that you like to watch me.  I like to watch you, too,” Cas says, a little shy but still moving his hand over his stiff shaft and watching as Dean’s stream begins to weaken.  When Dean’s bladder is finally empty, his dick is already standing at full attention.
Who is Dean to deny him?
Cas takes a calming breath and leans over to Dean’s ear to whisper, “I would like to try something.”
Dean’s muscles tighten and he feels his release shoot out over Cas, mixing with his own from just a few minutes before.  Dean thinks that Cas’s moans are almost as loud as his own as his climax rips through him.  Clearly Cas enjoys giving pleasure as much as getting it.  Dean is right with him on that.
“I mean, yeah.  If that is okay with you.”  Dean can’t be certain what sparked it, but a small whine comes from the other side of the wall.
He tried to just fantasize about what he would want, what would feel good.  It gave him a few ideas, but there was still just too much pressure.  Cas wanted to be with Dean, that much he knew.  And he was fairly certain that Dean wanted to be with him.  Now all Cas needed to do was tell Dean what he wanted to do.  It was nice that Dean was so patient with Cas, letting him take the lead, but maybe this was the time for more guidance.
“Oh, yeah?” Cas asks with an arch in his eyebrow.
“Well, you were definitely in my head at the time.  Since I could hear you moaning and talking to me and all.”
“Is it normal to enjoy showers this much?”
“No, no way. I would totally beat you. I don’t think you even understand what you’re saying.”
“It does, Dean. I didn’t know if I would make it. It was worse than when I woke up at the hotel with you and Sam had locked the bathroom door.” Cas had closed his eyes again, letting the relief wash over him in waves as his stream finally evened out and his piss came in a steady cascade into the bowl.
“Thank you, Dean.  I would like to do something like that again.”
“You okay over there, buddy?” Dean asks with barely concealed amusement.
Castiel leans back next to Dean on the blanket as they sip their beers and look out across the water. Dean has so many ideas about what he wants to do to the gorgeous man lounging next to him, but he makes no moves yet. They have time, and Dean is going to enjoy that luxury while he can.
“Yes, Dean.  This is very okay.”  Dean smiled brightly back at his best friend and brought them back together for another sweet kiss.  Cas held on to Dean’s bicep, feeling if flex under his fingers.  His mind was whirling with more questions and feelings, but he tried to ignore them all to let himself just experience what Dean was offering.
Dean stared down at his treacherous cock and tried to decide the best course of action from here.  Cas was only going to probably get louder and his cock was only going to get harder.  He could either just get through it, get Cas to finish, and then wait until the coast was clear to take care of himself. Or… or he could take a page out of the playbook he was selling to Cas and “join the party” as it were.
“Well, yeah, that’s a big part of it, for sure.  But also because the warm water and the multitude of slippery substances is just a perfect recipe for a good time,” Dean chuckles.
“Oh, good,” Cas answers, almost disappointed that his alone time with Dean is going to end so quickly.  But Cas realizes he still has a little time before they reach the motel to try to get the information he needs from Dean.  As casually has he can muster, he says, “So, uh, what was it you were saying about that kink.  What was it called?  Waterplay?”
Cas does not know exactly what to expect from his first time opening up Dean, but so many moments make it remarkable. The softness of Dean’s skin. The way the lube warms up between his fingers before he applies it to Dean’s body. The tension and release of Dean’s muscles as Cas eases in his first fingertip. The way the flush of Dean’s skin brings out his freckles. The symphony of noises that Dean makes as the pleasure builds and his body opens to Cas.
Cas lets his tongue drag slowly from his grip to the tip of Dean’s cock eliciting a deep moan above his head. Cas kisses the tip gently before opening his mouth and taking in the head to let his tongue swirl around it. Dean’s stomach muscles twitch and he strains his neck to watch, slack jawed, as his beautiful angel takes his cock back into his mouth. Cas lets his lips and tongue work over the shaft slowly, not trying to push himself too far too fast. He also doesn’t want to over excite Dean and end their night too quickly.
“I guess it could.  Umm…,” Dean knew that he should probably end the conversation there.  They had been in the shower for some time.  Clearly they were both done with the actual washing and cleaning aspect of the process and were now in some strange territory of standing naked with only a tile wall between them with warm water running down their bodies and talking about how best to jerk off.  Dean knew he should call this whole thing, but he had said he would help Cas adjust to being human, and he was obviously struggling with this.  Dean took a breath and asked, “Are you having… difficulty when you… touch yourself?”
Dean finally lets his grip go and he brushes his lips on Cas’s, both of them too worn out to put any real effort behind the sweet and gentle kisses.
“So, what are some of the common ones?”
Just hearing the word “cock” come from Cas was almost enough to push Dean over the edge. He was so close to something. He still couldn’t quite tell if it was an orgasm, a release of piss, or maybe both, all he knew was that he was right on the edge and he wanted it.
“Well, jerking off is usually done in private, and you are in the stall next to me, so this isn’t exactly private.  It would be rude and not just a little creepy to masturbate with someone else in the room when they don’t know it is happening.”
Sam is coming back tomorrow, and all Cas can think about are the things he said to Dean while he was talking him off in the bathroom yesterday. It has only been a few short months, but Cas finds it so much easier to understand his own desires and tell them to Dean. And from the way Dean reacted, Cas is pretty sure that there will be no issue in getting to experience those desires first-hand.
“Dean!”
It seems that Cas is not quite as patient as Dean, or maybe he is just embracing his newly found confidence when he finishes off his beer and puts the bottle to the side before leaning over into Dean’s space.
“Okay, Cas,” Dean smiles back and lets his hand drop so he can scoot back over behind the wheel and start the engine.
“Sure, hmm.  I’m just doing what I told you to do earlier.  I put some shampoo in my hand and now I’m… stroking the shaft and spreading it out.”
There are advantages and disadvantages to having all three of the hunters stay in a single motel room.  The advantages were obvious; cost effective, easier to keep their activities and plans under wraps, and, yet again, cost effective.  The disadvantages were just the small annoyances that tended to add up the longer they were out on a hunt.  Especially now that they knew there was a better and more spacious option underground in Kansas.
“That’s it Cas, keep going.  Love watching you stroke yourself.  Mmmm, fuck.” Dean groans as his pace quickens.
The bunker is a unique place to live, to say the least.  One of its many quirks is the locker-room style bathroom.  It has a large changing area with a couple benches, several toilet stalls, as well as a few shower stalls separated by tiled walls and blocked off by curtains.   With only three current inhabitants, the boys don’t often find the need to use the set up for its intended purpose.  Most of the time they can just avoid each other and use the large room individually.
Finally Cas reached the end of his piss and turned his head down to shake off his cock and tuck it back in his jeans.  He turned to face him and Dean felt a bit like a deer in headlights.  Luckily any awkwardness that was almost guaranteed to follow was disrupted by Sam returning from his secure location and suggesting they all get back in the car.
Cas expects Dean to say something, talk him through it like most of the other new experiences they have shared together.  But now, Dean is oddly silent.  His stare is entrancing and Cas finds his breath quickening just from the look in his eyes.
That’s when the reality that he has no idea what he is doing hits Cas like a ton of bricks.  He doesn’t know how to touch Dean or turn him on.  Cas just figured out how to touch himself two weeks ago, and it is still slow going.  He starts to sweat in a mild panic until he looks up at Dean’s face and remembers what Dean told him.
“I just… I really need to urinate and your brother has locked the door to the bathroom.  I’m not sure when he will come out and I don’t know if I can… hold it.”  Cas looked in defeat down towards his crotch where his right hand was still held to stem back the impending flow.
“Curious,” Cas stated simply, and turned to muse while watching the fields go by.
Dean keeps his eyes closed, but his eyebrows raise and a smirk comes across his face. “Oh you do, now? Please tell me about these plans,” Dean rumbles as he lets Cas work the washcloth over his shoulders.
Cas lays out Dean much the same way Dean did for him. Dean gets to play the part of relaxed and compliant receiver of pleasure while Cas gets to be the explorer of Dean’s body. Cas takes his time, making sure to stay true to his promise of getting his fill of tasting Dean. He moves his lips and tongue over the hunter’s body, finding so many varieties of texture. Dean would like to think that his body is only hard and strong, the perfect weapon against any nefarious supernatural beings. But Cas gets to find the soft parts. The parts that dimple and give under his ministrations. The parts that cause Dean to gasp, sigh, and twitch.
The two men begin to pant, quickening their pace.  Cas looks up to catch Dean’s gaze and lets out a moan.  His pleasure ramps up and he places his free hand against the tree to help hold himself up against his weakening knees.
“Oh my God, Cas,” he sighs out in amazement.  His words make Cas’s cock give a prominent twitch, and he quietly groans.
As they continue to drink in tandem for the next twenty minutes, Cas wonders if Dean is playing a trick on him.  While Cas is just beginning to sweat from the strain of holding back the impending flood, Dean seems to be completely unaffected.  Cas stares at him, abandoning his façade of book reading.  Dean just continues to smile and sip from his bottle.
“Umm, I guess someone could just like watching someone else pee.  Or two people could pee on each other.  Or sometimes people drink it.  People can try to hold it for a long time before letting it go, sometimes in their clothes.  There is a lot of different ways it can get involved, probably.”
Dean thrust up into Cas as he settles back onto his lap, their still hard cocks brushing against each other. “Fuck, Cas, come here,” Dean sighs as he runs his fingers through Cas’ unruly hair and pulls him into another kiss.
Dean sits back and guides Cas over his hips to straddle his waist. Castiel lets out a contented huff of laughter as he settles in on Dean’s lap before leaning back down to kiss him again.
“This is going to be so good, baby. Just take your time. I trust you,” Dean whispers as he leans their foreheads together. Cas takes a deep breath and nods before they separate as Dean lies back down.
Dean is just finishing his piss as he hears the door slam and he looks over his shoulder to see Cas still gripping his spraying cock. Dean looks on as he strokes the last spurts of his piss into the sink. He wastes no time in stripping his clothes, starting with kicking his boots off and getting his pants the rest of the way off. He manages to whip his shirt off over his head as he sees the final drips leave the tip of Cas’ dick. A dick which is clearly growing harder by the second.
Dean removes the towel from his own waist and turns so his knees are on the bed next to Cas’s torso.  He leans down and gives Cas a gentle kiss.  Cas sighs into the touch and Dean uses the hand not holding him up to run his fingers lightly over Cas’s arm, moving from the wrist up to his shoulder and back down in a soothing motion.  Dean deepens the kiss, opening Cas’s pliant mouth with his tongue and earning a small moan.
Just the sight of the urinals against the far wall makes Cas squeeze his legs together to fight off the imminent flood.  He isn’t sure how the game goes from here.  He is pretty certain that by retreating to the bathroom first he has lost, but maybe this isn’t where the game ends.  Is he supposed to wait for Dean?  And if so, how long could that take, because he is in desperate need of some relief.
Dean licks along Cas’s shaft a few more times before brings his lips over the tip and running his tongue around the head.  This earns him another of those strangled squeaks out of Cas’s throat.  When Dean brings his mouth down to encompass his cock, Cas’s hands and legs shoot up around him to hold him as if he had been punched in the gut.
Dean tried to keep his voice steady, but who was he kidding?  He could hear Cas in the other stall moan and sigh like an echo to his own.  He can’t resist checking in on his newly human friend.  “How’s it going over there?”
“I guess that makes sense.”
One of those main disadvantages that Castiel was about to learn about first hand this fateful morning, was having a single bathroom for three guys, one of whom has to keep his illustrious hair in peak physical condition.  And when three men have been working hard and keeping hydrated, it can lead to a very desperate situation come morning.
“Well, no, not the details. That would be just – no. But we don’t have to hide the fact that we are, well, together,” Dean says, suddenly looking a little nervous, rubbing his hand against the back of his neck.
“I really… I really liked being able to give you pleasure.”
Cas’s cock gives another strong twitch, “Dean…”  Cas had been trying to hold back until now.  He wanted to release all of his pent up piss over Dean before he gave in to his own pleasure, but this turn of events is too much for his resolve.  Cas uses his muscles to push his stream harder, making it gush over his lover’s body as he begins to stroke his own throbbing dick.  Cas’s eyes flick from one gorgeous sight to the next.  Dean’s face, with his mouth still slack, panting his breaths.  Dean’s hand stroking over his hard cock.  Dean’s stream, a torrent of yellow mixing with Cas’s own gushing flow as they expel their piss over the shower stall and each other in abandon.
Dean wants to look back over his shoulder to watch what must be the glorious sight of Cas pissing all over the shower, but he doesn’t want Sam to catch on to their little fetish. Instead he focuses on keeping control of his own gushing stream as he begins to empty himself into the sink. He watches as his piss swirls around the back wall of the sink and twists its way to the drain. The feeling is almost euphoric as his piss cascades out of him in a rush. He pulls back his foreskin to reveal the shiny, red head of his cock, allowing the stream to flow unimpeded into the sink.
Charlie was dressed to the nines in a tight black dress and strappy red heels. He’d never seen her, or his world’s version of her, quite like this.
“C’mon, buddy, we don’t have much time. Copy Uncle Dean.”
“Get in.”
knees
“Careful with my arm this time! You kept squishing it last night,” Dean complains as Cas gets in the passenger side and tries to reach around himself for the seatbelt.
“You went back to her place?!” Eileen was enjoying this so much it almost made her feel better about the time she dated a guy who turned out to have an apartment covered in My Little Pony memorabilia.
He winced, and for the first time, Cas could see fear in his face. “Alright, alright. Quit it.”
“Yeah, well, this baby has never tried to convince me to get a cat even though it knows I’m allergic,” Dean shot back at him.
Sam and Dean headed out of the room. Sam had to hold the bottom of Dean’s shirt and let himself be pulled along. Eileen rolled her eyes at Cas.
he thought, as he reached for the potatoes.
“Yes. Glad we’re on the same page. There are laws in place for a reason.”
“Swim! Swim!”
“Jack! That’s illegal!” Cas gasped like a good Southern lady clutching her pearls.
“So Cas says I’ve never told him I love him, but I must have, right? Right? Sammy, please tell me you’ve heard me say that to Cas.”
Dean covers the wound with his hand and concentrates. He doesn’t really know what he’s trying to do, but he focuses on the feeling of Cas’s grace healing him over the years, the feeling of it in his fingers as he healed Jimmy and tries to let it flow through him. Several seconds pass before he releases a breath he didn’t realize he was holding.
Cas makes his way to the storage cupboard to gather the cleaning supplies; a mop and bucket, and some bleach.
“Absolutely. You?”
Harry just giggled.
Dean scoffed. “That's specific.”
Dean was adamant about packing all of his things into the trunk of the Impala, and driving him all the way to California, even though Cas kept telling him that Jack can fly and could have gone on his own. Dean insisted it was the principle of the thing; parents are supposed to take their kids to college and embarrass them in front of their new dorm mates. He did also want to test out the new mini fridge he’d bought for him.
He clicks the play button on the remote and settles in for a treat. The screen opens to where the season finale left off: Doctor Sexy having to choose between Dr. Cox, the sexy, but conceited, heart surgeon, and Dr. Johnson, the sexy, but paranoid, anesthesiologist.
“Still don’t think it’s fair that you got to skip that whole journey,” Dean muttered venomously.
Cas had only been gone a moment when Sam glared at Dean. “Alright, this is worse.”
to spend time at Uncle Dean’s house.”
Claire spoke slowly, and slightly condescendingly. “Yeah, Cas, we all know that one.”
This time, Cas doesn’t look up from the book as he replies.
Donna pulled the remaining guest into another rib-squeezing hug. “Eileen! You keeping out of trouble?”
“Leonarda doesn’t have a phone. It’s been confiscated by the police as evidence.”
“You said green.”
He quickly adjusts his grip on Dean’s hand and shoves it between his knees, locking it in place.
“Dude, you have a groupie!”
“Well, I did this one thing with my tongue–”
This has suddenly got a tonne of views and comments after being dead for months. Where have you guys all come from? Love you all 💕
“Where?” Sam squints at the weather-worn facade.
“Alright, that’s enough.”
“Guys, stop—” Dean tried to say.
she signed back.
, right?” he asked softly, locking eyes with Cas.
She rolled her heavily made-up eyes at him. “You came out years ago and you’ve never been to a gay bar?
The retching restarts.
Cas sits up gently and twists the wrist of his right hand in front of him. “Good. You?”
Sam was cut off by Dean wrapping his arms around him. He squeezed so tightly, Sam actually struggled to breathe after a while. Dean let go after he started to tap out on his shoulder.
“You didn’t tell me you were famous.”
Dean didn’t seem nearly as impressed. “Who cares what we call him. Look, all that matters is he got us back online.”
She pulled more money from the aether and handed it over the counter. Seriously, how was she doing that?
“Now you’re getting the hang of this, Winchester! Ooh, I love this song! Come dance with me!”
Dean turned back to Jack. “Lunch is getting cold. Get over here. And button your damn shirt at the table. This is a respectable fucking household.”
Dean twirls the blade in his fingers before putting it back in the sleeve.
“It’s early morning in Italy,” Cas points out.
Sam and Jack sat down on a small bench while Dean went to get the pie. Dean returned with a whole tray of pies, shooting daggers at a man who nearly bumped in to him. Sam frowned at him.
“That’s good. I know you were getting sick of corporate fat cats and their money exploiting schemes. Are your co-workers nice?”
Sam tears off a length of tape with his teeth, a wicked grin on his face.
“Sorry, buddy, no pets allowed in the restaurant. But I’ll send you as many snails as you want once you’re back home.”
“Pie?” Sam finished.
“What do you mean ‘which one?’”
Sam hums his appreciation. “That’s nice of you, I guess.”
“You’re one hundred percent about this?”
“I’ll be happy to live any life with you in it, Dean.” Cas lightly traced his fingers across Dean's chest. “But I must admit, a life with no demons, no angels, no witches, no deal with The Empty hanging over my head. It sounds… nice.”
“You act like it.”
“Dean? It’s okay, you can open your eyes,” Cas gently prompts him.
“Charlie, would you like a lift back to your motel?” he asked in a much more sympathetic voice than the one he used on Dean.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait. That can’t be it. That can’t be our engagement story. Let me at least do this properly.”
Cas sets the book down.
"No, she didn't!"
Dean stood from his chair and took Cas’s hands in his.
“A foolish move on my part.” Cas shook his head.
The sound of a large splat made Cas turn his head towards the kitchen.
“Oh yeah, what’s that? Because right now I’d be willing to try anythi—”
Cas bid good morning to the two men and turned the coffee machine to start brewing enough for four cups. He knew all of their orders by heart: Lots of milk and sugar for Jack. A splash of oat milk for Sam. Black for Dean. Black with one sugar for himself. Even though everything still tasted like molecules to him, sugar molecules tasted better. Cas gave the others their coffee and said goodbye, then picked up the two remaining cups and started to head out of the room, but Sam’s voice stopped him.
Dean picks up a small piece of amethyst from a display in the middle of the shop and twirls it around his fingers a few times before poking the pointy spikes, reveling in how it doesn’t hurt at all.
"You made out with a demon once,” Sam pointed out desperately.
They left the bathroom and headed to the spare room. It was plainly decorated with light blue walls, a deep pile carpet, and simple furnishings.
. You
Sam and Cas make their way down the corridors, slowly due to excess weight they’re carrying, and head to Cas’s bedroom. Cas goes to set down his end, but Sam hesitates.
“Same way as before. Right leg, left leg, as we practiced.”
Jack picked Dean’s discarded machete and took a confident swing at the vampire, removing his head in an instant. “I think your way is more fun. You ready to go, Dean?
Sam pursed his lips. “Okay, I’m not
Sam adjusts his aim on the gun and points it at Cas’s leg. Before he has time to react, Sam pulls the trigger, his shoulder bucking with the recoil.
“What? What’s wrong?”
Dean choked on his food. “You did what?”
“Winchester, you gonna help him?” Diego asked, slinging a dish towel over his shoulder.
“Alright, babe, what gives?” Dean turned to Cas as soon as he heard Jack’s bedroom door slam.
By the time Cas finished, both of them had tears streaming down their faces. Dean used the sleeve of his plaid shirt to wipe his cheeks.
“She said I ignored her. She thought I spent more time with Kaia than her. Crazy right?”
“I can’t both watch that and do research. You’ll have to just listen to it.”
Cas opened the box and looked inside. He pulled out handfuls of cash, mostly in singles, but a few higher denomination notes in there too, all neatly held together in elastic bands. “Dean, there must be thousands of dollars in here! How long have you been doing this?”
“A girl after my own heart, I see. Come in, I’ve just opened a bottle of Chardonnay.”
Cas raises his hand in a half-hearted wave and unlocks his room for the night.
“Oh, screw you, Cas.”
“When have you ever held a baby?” Sam asked curiously.
“I have a theory on that, too.”
Jack was luckier. He spent a lot of his time at his classes or, if he was in his room, he could use his powers to soundproof the room. Sam had been very annoyed when he found out that was an option, although he had enjoyed his extra time at Eileen’s.
She patted her bump.
As if to punctuate this point, another cut opens above his left eyebrow and drips blood down the side of his nose.
“Oh,” Cas says softly. “Yes, I suppose that would have been more sensible.”
“A baby who has just gone to bed and sleeps through the night now, remember? You’ll be fine by morning. Come on. It’s actually quality stuff.”
“Fourteen. Fourteen people since we last saw you. Two months ago. I’m gonna be sick.”
One of the gown-clad graduates at the side of the stage playfully punched Jack in the shoulder and pointed into the audience. He cracked what must have been a hilarious joke because several other students joined in with the laughter. Jack pulled his cap further over his face.
Sam took his seat at the table. “Yeah, I figured something happened. You wouldn’t have phoned me at nine in the morning on a Sunday to invite me for an ‘Emergency brunch’ if everything was okay.”
“Clearly, he takes after Eileen.”
Oh yeah, there was that heart attack now.
His voice hardens and he tightens his grip on the gun. “Alright, who are you, and what have you done to Cas?”
“Ooh, tell me,” Eileen begged, her earlier anger buried by her need for gossip.
“Could be.”
Cas sighs. “Dean, could you tilt the bowl? Please?”
“How much longer, Mom?” he whines.
“Dammit, of course it was,” Cas curses.
Sam frowned at him and fed Harry another spoonful. “We think he might be teething soon. He’s started to get real fussy recently.”
Sam’s response was drowned out by the sound of the side door bursting open and a very flustered woman in a green knee-length dress bursting through.
Sam frantically waved his hands in front of his face. “Actually, scrap that. I don’t want to know. I never want to hear about your sex life again.”
“Is it because he’s an angel?” Sam prompted when Dean didn’t continue.
“I’m not sad Sam. I’m just thinking about Cas, y’know. If he could be here.” Sam had been wanting to broach the topic with Dean for a while, but it had never seemed like the right time.
“Abilities. Every angel gave him something different. Gabriel gave him the power to rise from the dead. Balthazar, the power to heal the sick.”
Dean stopped still. He set his beer down on the nearby table so it didn’t fall through his shaking fingers and stared blankly at Sam.
Dean pulled something out of his pocket. “Nearly forgot. Here,”
He lightly tugged on the material. Dean had bought him it as a joke a few months ago, but Cas seemed to genuinely love it. He had bought three others since.
He manages to read four pages before Dean sighs loudly.
“You can change.”
“I’ll take that as a yes, then. What do you fancy? An apartment in the city? We can move to LA and become film stars. Buy a yacht and sail it into the ocean? Spend the day whale watching and sunbathing? Get a house in the suburbs in an HOA and have nosey Karens spying on us every second of the day?”
“For selling goods under false pretenses,” he huffed with the righteousness of a woman with a speak-to-the-manager haircut who’d read the terms of service one time.
“One month?”
Cas kissed him on the temple. “Me too.”
Jack adjusted the baby so he was holding him in one arm and used his free hand to poke two fingers to Harrison's forehead.
“Uh, yeah, shoot.”
“Harrison!”
Cas hums appreciatively. “I have always liked this part of the world. It is full of natural wonders like this.”
Cas motioned to let her in.
“What part of ‘weakened grace’ are you not getting?”
“Pretty sure they had Pythagoras when we were in school, Dean.”
Jack was next to open his. “This says I’m nineteen. Do I look nineteen?”
Sam huffs a breathy laugh. “Yeah, little bit.”
“Then why?”
“Hang on, you can see the future?” Dean asked, amazed. Jack knew this was going to happen? From the day Harry was born?
Sam looked around, expecting to find some celebrity standing behind him, before remembering that was Cas’s fake name. Everyone turned their heads to stare at Cas, bewildered.
Eileen stopped him just before he got to the till.
“My baby brother’s all grown up. When did that happen?” He finally let go and pinched Sam on the cheek.
“I’ve already fallen for you a thousand times, what’s one more?”
“If that’s what you want to call it,” Cas replies, unamused.
Dean shouted the last bit loud enough for Cas to hear over his footsteps stomping up the stairs.
Sam disappears through the beaded curtain. Cas only gets a brief glimpse of the room at the end of the hallway before the door slams shut, but it looks to contain many more legitimate items that a hunter might use, rather than the pseudoscientific homeopathic remedies in the shop. He couldn’t follow even if he wanted; there’s even more warding around the door to that room.
He chews smugly for a minute then swallows. “I told you. Food tastes like molecules, now.”
“Life’s good, isn’t it? You’ve got Cas, finally, I’ve got Eileen. Did you ever think life would be like this?”
Sam had finally got a job in a small legal office a few towns over from where he and Eileen lived. Dean had had slightly too much fun pretending to be Sam’s former boss giving his reference over the phone, but thankfully, Sam’s new manager hadn’t picked up on all the innuendos.
Claire flipped him off over Jody’s shoulder so she couldn’t see and smiled smugly. She knew Dean couldn’t return the favor from his angle without getting into trouble.
“I didn’t notice anything different.”
“If she’s a Guaire, she could have gone back to the family headquarters. I think they have a base in Charleston, or there’s the old ancestral home outside Aberdeen.”
“Hey Cas, I’m just going to take Miracle out for a walk around the lake,” Dean announced just after Sam left the room to use the bathroom and they were alone.
“Oh no, not me. Anna. My sister. In front of me.”
“Never, Sammy.” Dean teased. “Was the kiss too much for you? Homophobe.”
“Damn, time flies when you're having fun,” he chuckles to himself. “Yeah, we were getting that flower for the spell, decided to hang around and see the sites. Guess we should head back,” he adds remorsefully.
Dean protests. He pulls with all his might, but Cas easily holds him off.
“When I kissed you in the kitchen that day we made French toast, you just left your hands by your sides, so I put them on my ass for you. Then you moved them up to my waist.”
“There’s a place not far from the bunker that does night classes for the GED program.” Sam continued, ignoring Dean.
“Oh, I’m hung alright.” He waggled his eyebrows.
Cas takes the keys out of his pocket and tosses them to Sam, who catches them one-handed.
Once he pulled in the driveway, he was surprised to find Cas’s car in its usual spot on the driveway. He called into the house eagerly but was met with a deafening silence. Cas must be out at the lake or something.
“Yeah, even he’s finally noticed,” Sam grimaced.
“Should I make myself look younger?”
“Sammy, you can’t just leave your brother trapped like this!” Dean pleads, turning on the puppy dog eyes.
“It was not my intention to fall down the stairs. I was on the brink of death.”
“Are you done?”
“Look what’s finally arrived!” He set it down on the map table where everyone was gathered.
“Aww, these are so cute.”
“Can I not even leave you alone with my son for two minutes?”
Sam picked up the correct screw and screwed it into the hole. “See? Instructions.” He waved them in Dean’s face.
“Whatever.”
He takes a few bills out of Dean’s wallet, more than enough for the meal and a tip, and leaves them on the table.
Dean smiled as he took the slippers from Cas and put them on.
“That’s my boy!” Dean clapped him on the shoulder with one hand and handed over the joint with the other.
“Why?” Dean almost dropped his beer. “Do you feel like a third wheel with me and Cas? Too much PDA? ‘Cause we’ve been trying to tone it down after that last time you saw us, I swear. Did you hear us the other night? Because if you heard me yelling ‘harder’ in the garage, it wasn’t what it sounded like. We were trying to move one of those old cars we couldn't find a key for and Cas wasn’t pulling his weight.”
“If you say so.”
“Wait a second.”
She ran her fingers down her skirt to rub out the wrinkles she’d just put in it. “Anyways, who's this hot potato next to you?” she added with a nod in Dean’s direction.
It takes them three more hours to find it. By then, the sun is really blazing down on them, and Dean would be worried about burning if not for Cas’s powers protecting him.
"Um hi I guess," John replied. He turned to Sam, "Is there anywhere for me to sleep?"
After he'd knocked for the third time, he turned away, hoping that when he tried again tomorrow, they (whoever it was) would answer. At that moment, however, the door loudly creaked open behind him. John turned and came face-to-face with a young man. At least, he looked like a younger man, maybe in his late teens to early twenties, yet his blue-grey eyes spoke of things spoke of things that a man of that age should not possess.
Mary gives him a smile, "That's a story Sam and Dean will have to tell you," she replies as she looks at the taller man who had walked in.
*TRIGGER WARNING!!!!!!!!! IF SUICIDAL OR DEPRESSED, DON'T READ!!!!* Dean Winchester is a man of many secrets. There are some secrets that just need to be shared before he does the one thing he promised he would never do.
"You act like we can't speak," the older one said. His voice was deep and rough and his eyes pierced into John's, leaving him feeling uneasy. "My name is Castiel.," he continued, "and this is Jack,' he finished, motioning to the boy.
Thunk.
He remembered his life before he died. All the hunting, pain, regret, guilt. He remembered Mary's death, and all that came after. He remembered how and why he died. And he remembered that three hours ago, he woke up in an alleyway looking up at a cloudy sky. He got up, asked where he was, and went from there. But in between, the part where he was dead, he didn't remember anything. But he could feel that his Sam and Dean were alive, somehow.
Dean squinted at them in confusion, "Ok, why are y'all up? We agreed not stay up all hours of the night waiting for each other."
But the boy wasn't listening, already motioning for John to follow him down another flight of stairs to the main floor of the bunker. In this first room, there is a map table with a few chairs scattered around the table. There was also old tech from back in the 50's and 60's which confuses John to no end. John follows the boy into another room. This one is a library with hundreds of books and artifacts.
"Hey, you ok?" he asks softly.
Sam's head snapped up from where he may or may not have been dozing. Cas' eyes quickly scanned over Dean, thankfully not noticing any serious damage. He sighed and answered Dean's question, "We wanted to tell you what happened while you were gone. Before you...saw it for yourself. Please sit down Dean."
On his way there, he found Sam and Cas sitting at the Map table. They both had cups of coffee and twin looks of exhaustion on their faces.
"John, my name is John," he answers warily, taking a step away from the 'soul-seeing' boy.
He closed the door behind him and leaned against it, dropping his bag at his feet. Now that he was alone, his breath came out in gasps and hitches. He slid down to the floor, spreading his fingers against the cool concrete, trying to keep himself from going down the deep, dark hole where he had shoved all the horrible memories of his father so long ago.
Dean just grunted in confusion, "Dude, speak slower."
(See the end of the chapter for
Hey guys! If you could be so kind to leave a little comment telling how I did that would be great! Love y'all!
John raised an eyebrow, "I was actually about to ask where he is."
Cas' dead body lay before Dean. "No! Nononono! Please, Cas. Don't leave me too."
"Who are you?" the man asks, staring at John warily.
(John's voice) "You worthless *punch* piece *punch* of shit!" *punch*
John rolls his eyes, "So I can assume that you know them?"
Cas gave him a smile. "Yes. I'm just still getting used to human senses."
"I'm looking for my sons," John replies, "When I asked around town about them, they pointed in this direction."
John nodded. As he lay in bed later, questions filled his mind. Why were they here? Why was Dean alone? How did Mary come back? How did
The coffeemaker is beeping behind me, I can hear it faintly in the back of my head. But I can't seem to find the energy or will to move.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"Yeah they’re probably as worried as we are about this. We'll give them a call in the morning," Dean responded. He stood and grabbed his bag, "And I'm going to bed. Both of you should as well." he finished with a significant look to his brother.
"Uhh alright," Dean replied as he sat next to Cas. "So what's going on?"
(Young Dean) "No! Dad please stop! Please! I'm sorry!"
I slowly sit up and walk out of my room, wrapping myself up in my dead man's robe. I walk into the kitchen and start a pot of coffee, sitting at the table while I wait.
"You're not a monster," the young man says, "I can see your soul, I'd be able to tell if you were. You still haven't answered my question. Who are you?"
The boy turns and looks at John, "Stay here. I'll go get them." He then leaves the room. John immediately goes and looks at the books on the shelves, noticing from the titles that they all had to do with the supernatural.
I nod, afraid that if I open my mouth, I'll scream.
Sam and Cas shared a look before Sam cleared his throat, "Dean, uhh, Dadcamebacklastnigt."
"If our roles were reversed, no. I wouldn't save you."
"And your sons' names are?...." he pauses, waiting for his answer.
TW: slight description of panic attack
John stepped back and looked Sam up and down, "You grew up, boy. Damn"
He had many questions and knew he needed to at least talk to Dean, if not all the Winchesters. But for now, they were asleep so he grabbed his sketch book and drew what he had seen in his dream.
"M-mary? How?" John manages to stutter out.
When John Winchester asked around for two men by the names of Sam and Dean in the small town of Lebanon, Kansas, he didn't expect to be pointed in the direction of an underground bunker underneath a power plant ten miles outside of town. He did, however, expect the rain. But now the rain pelted down so hard that it should be re-categorized as a monsoon, and he was soaked through his clothes.
"I'm pretty sure you're a hunter so if you wanna check if I'm a monster or not, go right ahead."
"No, but I'm sure we can ask Billie," Cas replied.
Now, he was just a mere twenty steps from his destination; could just barely see the door through the driving rain and dwindling light.
The boy flinches, eyes widening for a second, "You're supposed to be dead."
You were right Dean. You aren't worth wasting my time on.
Sam rolled his eyes, "He's on a hunting trip. Texted me earlier and said he'd be back early tomorrow."
"Hello!" Jack said cheerfully with a wave.
I look over at the the clock on my bedside table. 3:45 am.
(Sam's voice) "If you want to work, fine, let's work. If you wanna be brothers..."
Sam smiled, "It's good to see you too Dad."
My eyes snap open and I look around my bedroom.
"Ok," I reply. All the while, my head is screaming.
"Winchester. Sam and Dean Winchester."
was Sam so tall?
Sam nodded, "Jack checked. No monster."
Dean Winchester is a man of many secrets. There are some secrets that just need to be shared before he does the one thing he promised himself he would never do.
A coffee cup lands on the table in front of me and Cas appears in the seat across the table.
They all fell silent, other than their panicked breaths. For a few moments, he didn’t hear anything, but then the unmistakable sound of a child’s scream reached him.
Sam gave him a reassuring pat on the shoulder, then headed to his car. Dean drove the whole way back mentally practicing and rewriting his apology speech.
“Then shut up and read.”
“Shame.”
Cas stammered for a moment, his head flicking to everyone staring at him. “She kissed me first!”
Cas admired the aforementioned slipper. "I've found it to be very useful in smiting spiders."
They walk down the path through the trees, flattened by years of footsteps, and towards the sounds of civilization due east.
freak out, and no. I did all that years ago. Turns out locking yourself in your room and drinking yourself half to death because your best friend died is a good time for some introspection. Been there, done that, bought the T-shirt.”
After Cas had his first outfit on, Eileen made him do an imaginary runway walk through the clothing aisles that he did not enjoy one bit. She laughed at his sullen expression the whole time. Once they’d tried everything on, they put a few clothes on the discard piles and went to pay for the rest.
“Of course! Any witch worth her salt knows about you two. You’re famous! Can I get an autograph?”
His hand pauses on the last button. “You’re right. I'm sorry, I didn’t mean that.”
“No?” He’d had other things on his mind that day that he would much rather think about other than his brother.
After seeing nothing for several minutes, Eileen fell back into her seat and began to sob, deep, rattling cries. Sam sat on the seat next to her and tried to wrap her in a hug, but she shook him off.
Silence fell in the diner. Everyone set down their cutlery and focused their attention on Cas, except the old man, who finished his burger and started dunking his fries in ketchup. Cas turned back at Dean and there was a moment of unspoken communication between them using just their eyes. With a nod, Dean spoke.
“Only because she was too heavy for any normal human to lift. Even if they’re as jacked as me.” Dean flexed his arms like a Victorian strong man.
“Like, with a baby?” Dean was struggling to find words. He blinked at Sam.
Dean’s thoughts linger on the feeling of her hand on his face, how Cas took slightly too long to knock her away.
He shook his head, dismissively. “Never mind. You’re right, though. What happened to me? I used to have sex, like, every night. Now look at me!”
Dean suddenly realizes what’s about to happen.
“Stupid phone,” he muttered to himself. The camera was supposed to be better in this edition, but clearly, it still sucked. Dean took another photo, tapping the screen this time to get Eileen in focus, then turned the phone around for her to see.
“You made me get a job in Walmart!”
“Thank you.” He turns back to Sam, who had been watching the one-sided exchange with a smirk. “We’ll get the blood last. I would like to be at full power before I confront her again.”
Sam cuts down the side of the tape, careful not to cut the car's upholstery, and pulls the rest off, then moves down to Cas’s feet. He pulls off the tape from his mouth.
“She is. She’s so great. I’m in super big gay love with her. I’m going to take her to Paris soon. One day. When I can sneak past customs.”
“Be grateful I don’t cut it off.”
Sam scooped the last remnants from the pot and waggled the spoon like an airplane into Harry’s giggling mouth, then wiped off the green mess he’d made over his chin with a tissue.
The word might have come from Cas’s mouth, but it was not him that said it. Dean stuns himself into silence.
“Oh yeah? What did you do?”
“Dean,” Cas whispered with a small smile, “what’s all this?”
Cas is silent for too long, and Dean shakes him to wake him back up. “There is another way,” he whispers reluctantly.
Was his brother getting stupider? “Yeah, that’s how this works, Dean.”
“I should have said this to you when we both couldn’t sleep so we made waffles in our underwear at 3 am and ended up slow dancing in the kitchen to Down By The Seaside.
“Bastard,” he snarled through gritted teeth.
Everett squints his eyes in recognition but doesn’t relax his stance. “He’s a friend of yours, right?”
Dean only managed to get a few more stitches done because Cas continued to squirm.
“Yes, I think so.”
“Oi, Landlord! I want my money back!” he shouted.
Cas shakes his head dismissively and points at his head. “I’m fine, your brother is just being a whiny baby.”
“I did, Dean. I literally said the words ‘I warn you.’”
“Hey, guys,” he said with a small wave.
“Why do you want to know their names?”
Cas flustered at the praise. “Oh. Um, thank you. Your, um… y-you also looks… nice.”
Cas could hear the sound of Dean’s footsteps increase as he paced frantically across the floor.
Cas didn’t answer right away. He was smiling, wider than Dean had ever seen, despite the tears. It was a look he had seen on Cas’s face before, a long time ago, but it was so different this time. This wasn’t an ending; it was a beginning.
“Never, Donna,” Sam said, returning her kiss to the cheek.
His mind suddenly swam with the hazy memory of him and Charlie dancing to the artist's latest single, which he liked more than he’d ever admit. “Is that what I wrote? Charlie, what was in those drinks last night?”
Cas tilted his head again. “You just asked me to watch over you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean placed the very tip of the blade to Cas’s throat, then sighed and let go.
“This is the weirdest thing I’ve ever seen,” Sam states with the nonchalance of a man who sees a new weirdest thing of his life every other day and puts his headphones back in.
Dean begrudgingly got in the front and left Cas to steer as they pedaled out to sea.
“Right.” Dean picks up the angel blade from the desk and crouches down to the floor. He holds the witch’s arm above her head and cuts a deep line into her skin. Blood slowly wells, having no heartbeat to push it, and trickles down her arm. Cas pulls a vial from his pocket, miraculously unbroken in the fight, and holds it under the blood. Once the vial is full, Dean throws her arm back to the ground. Cas stares down at her.
Cas reached into his trench coat pocket and pulled out the quarter he’d been flipping all day. “Heads for angel, tails for human.”
“She played tonsil tennis with you in the middle of the restaurant?” Claire asked, somehow equally impressed and disgusted.
“This is the real reason you’re his favorite,” Sam muttered. “You spoil him.”
Cas walked into the room, Dean’s slippers in hand.
“Is it lunch already? Sorry, I was sunbathing. Lost track of time.”
The bouncer looked between the real Charlie and the photographic one a few times, before grunting an approval and giving the license back.
“Are you okay? How do you feel?” Dean couldn’t stop himself from patting every inch of Cas, as if we would fall apart at any moment.
Dean asks, already sitting.
“Oh, Cas." She put a supportive, if condescending, hand on his wrist. "Everyone knows coffee on the third date means sex.” The ‘You poor, innocent soul,’ went unspoken, yet was heard by everyone.
“Can I get an ice cream, too?” Jack asked his parents.
Oh no. This wasn’t how Sam planned this. He stammered and muted the tv. Before he could say anything coherent, Eileen started again.
Cas turns back to his book and picks up where he left off.
“No, I don’t think so.”
“Cool.”
“You’re the one with the doll collection,” came Dean’s epic retort. “Remember what Jack said a few weeks ago about not having a social security number?”
Dean lowers his leg down to the next step, without letting go of the railing. Cas nudges his foot down so they’re on the same step. They continue in this manner, shuffling sideways, until they reach the bottom of the stairs.
Dean pointed with his head for Cas to get back into the bed, which he did, being careful not to spill any of the coffee. They sat up in bed and drank in companionable silence until the caffeine had reached Dean’s bloodstream and he was feeling slightly more human.
“Right. Obviously. So what do we know?”
“Precisely. Somehow, she knew I was an angel and said she’d been dying to try out this spell. From my translation of the Latin spell, it appears this hex is causing my grace to attack my vessel and vice versa. That’s why I haven’t been able to heal these wounds. My grace has almost completely depleted.”
The young woman replied in a friendly, upbeat voice. “I think we might have up to age 5 out back if you want me to check?”
“It’s not your first. You have more at the back.”
“So does this mean you’re the new… what do we call you?” Sam asked Jack, somewhat awed.
Damn Cas. Even on his deathbed, he’s trying not to be an inconvenience.
Dean wouldn’t admit it, but he weirdly missed yelling at Jack to keep the volume down at three in the morning, missed making three portions of eggs in the morning, missed being asked to proofread essays on subjects he didn’t understand.
As they got up to leave, he saw a sign on the counter that said ‘
“Dean? Where are you? Are you okay?” Sam’s worried voice crackles down the line, the signal in this remote village not being great.
“Few years. What do you say then? Time to leave the bunker behind?”
Cas takes the meager duffel bag of Dean’s phone, charger and headphones and slings it over his back. He turns off the light and shuts the door, then heads over to his room.
Dean had forgotten clutching Cas’s dying body to his own and forgotten the blood seeping out of him onto his own clothes.
“What are we? Sixteen?”
She looked impressed. “Why couldn’t my great-niece have married you? I worry for that poor little boy, you know. Having a wacky backy smoker for a father.”
“Boring.” He lent away from the phone. “Hey, Cas, you want to go out to a bar with Charlie?”
“Oh. I thought you were still asleep. It took every ounce of my grace to will the erection away.”
“Right, if you don’t stop that, I’m going to sit on you and pin you down.”
Sam frowned at him. “I don’t need advice from my gay brother on how to flirt with my own girlfriend.”
Dean laughed harder.
“You are deliberately phrasing that to make me look bad. I didn’t know they were dates.”
“Yeah, you’re right.”
Dean shot him an exasperated look. He still couldn’t tell a convincing lie after all these years. Dean had managed to guess where all his birthday presents were hidden last year because Cas’s eyes kept drifting to the cupboard under the stairs every time Dean brought it up.
“Cas’s idea.”
“That wasn’t so difficult, now, was it?” Cas shoved him back so he fell onto his ass, then gave him one final kick for good measure.
Dean delicately put Harry down so he was curled up on the seat and the two of them raced to the kitchen and found Claire and Jack with a ruined cake at their feet. Even the copious amounts of icing on their faces couldn’t hide the guilty expressions underneath.
“A few more hours, sweetie.”
“So Jack is like, super powerful?”
Dean could hear Sam’s heavy footsteps coming back down the stairs.
Jody announced dinner was ready a few minutes later. She’d had to push two tables together to have space for all of them. Dean shoved Jack and Claire down to the smaller and slightly lower table at the end, where they were shortly joined by Kaia and Harry.
“Are you ready to apologize yet?” he asked measuredly, barely out of breath.
Dean smirked cockily at Sam.
Cas sat back down but didn’t stop burning a hole in the back of Valerie’s head with his eyes, as Jack entered the room holding Harry’s hand. Jack was dressed maybe slightly too formally in his rented tuxedo and bow tie, and Harry was the dictionary definition of adorable in his little page boy suit and hair combed into a smart side parting.
“Yeah, I’m okay. We got her. Cas, you gonna fix him?”
Cas stood up to better reach across the table and take the blunt from Jack.
Cas pushed Sam up against the nearby wall with his forearm across his chest. He stood so far into Sam’s personal space that their entire bodies were pressed together. Cas held his face up to Sam’s so their noses were touching and looked him square in the eye. Sam breathed heavily, his lips parting.
“Oh, for the love of—”
“This Smagora hates me.”
Sam left the room with his hands over his ears, blocking out all the lewd things Dean was still saying.
“Yeah, sorry about that. I’ve changed now, I swear! And who are you?”
They find a secluded corner behind a fantastic smelling restaurant and with a quick flap of Cas’s wings are back in the bunker.
“Oh, I like it hard.” She bites his earlobe, hard enough to bleed.
“I— Cas, I—” Dean trailed off. He couldn’t find the words to express how he felt when he was put on the spot like this. He looked down to the floor.
Charlie skipped inside. Dean grumbled his annoyance to himself as he put his wallet away and followed her.
They all stared in disbelieving silence at Cas for a few moments. No one noticed Harry get bored and walk off to follow a snail making its way up the path.
“Wait, Castiel? The angel? Aren’t you supposed to be wearing a trench coat?”
“She’s about fourteen now.”
“I assure you, I took no more time sculpting your genitalia than I did your kidneys.”
He put the phone back to his ear.
Dean having control of his wings could be disastrous. Even the slightest mis-flap could leave them stranded on Jupiter.
Cas sighed. “Tragically, yes.”
“Hi Cas!” she replied happily. She looked behind him expectantly and her face fell. “Is Jack not with you today?”
“Really?” Sam asked. Dean hadn’t mentioned that in his incredibly brief rundown of how Cas had died.
“Last time I was human, a coworker of mine invited me over to babysit.”
Claire almost died inside. “That is incorrect on so many levels.”
“We don’t have any Italian money,” Cas reminds him out of the corner of his mouth, not that anyone is paying any attention to him.
“Jack absorbed his power and became the new God.”
“No!”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Also different.”
Dean got to his knees in front of his boyfriend. Cas’s eyes had been welling up since the beginning, but the sound of those three words he’d been longing to hear for so long had tears falling down his cheeks.
"Good. Now go to bed, Cas."
Dean scraped the whipped cream off his face. “I’m taking these away from you. You don’t deserve them.”
“Alright kid, you really think you can pull this off?”
Cas looked very uncomfortable with the idea of Becky being a voyeur on one of his most vulnerable moments.
“Have you never taken a picture before? You have to focus the camera. Look at me, I’m all blurry. You can hardly tell who I am.”
“Uh, hmm–” Dean stammered and rubbed the back of his neck.
“Yes. I became fully grown moments after my birth. I’ve always been able to control my aging.”
“Yeah, I’m fine, I’m in Italy,” he reassures his brother. “What are you doing up?”
“I apologized for that!”
Dean mocks his words from a few weeks ago.
“Dean, you were off-key even in your own head.”
“Does that happen a lot?” Sam sounded concerned.
Cas handed Harrison to him. Jack was hesitant, but he remembered Dean’s advice from earlier and made sure to support his head.
He points at the right side with glee. “It’s all here! Ingredients, quantities, directions! Sam, where did you find this!”
Cas rolled his eyes. “And what about me? What’s your excuse for not letting me in?”
“Well we all kind of adopted Jack so if Jack is my son, then they’d be brothers. And legally, Jack is Cas’s kid and you’re dating Cas so he’s, kind of, your stepson, which would make them cousins, or step-cousins, at least. But biologically, he’s Cas’s nephew, so what would
Dean demands, suddenly alert.
Dean chuckled. “Yeah, Cas. We’re an ‘us’.”
Dean walked out of the barn without looking at Cas and went straight to his car.
“Uh, sure.”
“So, you got it?” He squints curiously at the tomato in Cas’s hand. “That doesn’t look much like a flower.”
“Good,” Sam said, before leaving the room and returning with a flat pack box with a picture of a child’s dresser on the front, “because we still need to assemble the Songesand.”
“Ex-angel problems, huh?” Dean smirked. “Anyways, as lovely as this little catch-up has been, we’ve got a busy schedule.”
Dean put the picture back on the mantle, next to another one of the six of them at the wedding.
“Because he barely trusts us as it is. He won’t want us messing around in his shop.”
“Yes,” he replies bluntly.
“Happy?”
“Better than our last one?” Cas whispers, his hand trailing down to caress Dean’s cheek.
“Whoa, I struck a nerve with that one. Apologies.”
Sam’s head snaps up and he removes his headphones when he feels the car jerk back into the correct lane. “Cas? What’s happening?”
The sound of footsteps coming towards them made them all turn, Cas looking away first.
Dean blinked up at him, even more confused now.
“Good,” Dean beamed. Upon seeing the man's expression, he backtracked, “I mean, bad. Bad dog. I’m uh, I’m gonna take him to the shelter.” He scratched the dog behind his ears. The dog was staring at him with an infatuated expression, his tongue lolling out.
Their hands that were holding the coffee cups occasionally brushed when one of them lowered the cup from their lips. Every time that happened, they would lock eyes and smile. They didn’t talk as Dean continued to inelegantly shovel eggs into his mouth and Sam fixed himself some lunch at the counter. The silence was broken by the sound of a small crash from the other side of the bunker, and the three of them turned their heads towards it.
Sam was so done with Dean’s bullshit, he didn’t even bother responding. He just sighed and took Harry to the living room where Cas and Eileen were. Even hearing Cas talk about his new beekeeping book was preferable to another second in his brother’s company.
“You ready?”
“How’d they know what you said was correct, then?”
Jack followed Dean inside. “What are we doing?”
“My firm had taken on a really important case. The Logan Reynolds case? Heard about it?”
“He thinks I am incapable.”
Jack did as he was told, “I mean, why did you tell Cas and Sam to stay in the car?”
Dean sat on the sofa and put the remote to one side. “Yeah, well. I’m tired of looking over my shoulder. Living outside the law. Constantly scamming credit cards and hustling pool for money. That’s been my life for so long now and I want out. I want to get a normal job and worry about normal people things like paying the gas bill and quarterly reports, not worrying if the FBI has finally tracked me down.”
“I finished work early so I thought I’d come here for dinner.”
Dean slumped into the house after work. He’d been picking up the late shifts for the last few weeks while Diego was on paternity leave and he was exhausted. Maybe Cas would ease some of his stress…
“Aww, man. You know me so well. Have I ever told you I love you?” he asked with a cocky grin.
“For democracy,” Dean added righteously.
Sam hadn’t been idle the last few weeks. He’d been reaching out to every hunter he knew, seeing if any of them had intel on this witch or even any of the Guaire family.
“Why not?” Sam probes.
They have the same conversation every day, and it always goes the same way. Now Sam is going to say ‘Me neither.’
Cas picks up Dean’s bag by the door and slings it across his back.
"Stay out of this, Sam.” Cas pointed a stern finger at him that only wobbled slightly with intoxication.
The ocean stretched out for miles in front of them, the sun glinting off the white-crested waves. Several other families, also with young children, were cruising around in their paddle boats. Dean pedaled them further out into the expanse to avoid colliding with them.
“I think that would be best,” Cas agrees, his voice muffled against the garage floor.
Cas looks around. The street is as quiet as when they arrived, only a woman leaving a restaurant with takeout a few shops ahead. She walks away from them, so he decides it’s okay to proceed.
Cas stammers for a moment, still processing what just happened. “Umm, white. Please.”
“Another three or four days and they should be back to capacity.”
“Ma’am, huh? I like you. You have more manners than your brother. Did you know he’s a drug addict?” she added bluntly.
They followed the boys out of the kitchen, making sure to remove their shoes before walking up on the freshly carpeted stairs.
“Do you need my help?” Sam asks once he lands back in the same spot, almost as if he never left.
“Becky. Sam’s ex-wife,” Dean added pointedly once she released him.
Dean eagerly poured two pills onto his hand and popped them into his mouth. “I guess you have some redeeming qualities. Jack, make yourself useful. Go get my coffee.”
Sam puts his headphones in and turns the volume up to max. Those guys were in for a long night.
“Oh, no way. I’m not letting you have that.”
Sam reads the note aloud. “Glowl nuts, dried Aldina berries, powdered eaurgen. Yeah, should do, pretty standard stuff. And the others?”
Dean laid his head back on his towel and stretched his toes in the sand. They’d arrived in California a few days before to help Jack move in with some friends for his final year at Stanford. He couldn’t believe how quickly the time had gone. It seemed like only yesterday Jack was eating angel hearts. They grow up so fast.
Being engrossed in a particularly luxurious piece of Camembert, she missed the start of the conversation until she looked up again, just in time to see Kaia ask Claire, “Is it weird seeing your dad, or a guy that looks like your dad, dating another guy?”
Dean thought fast. “We’re just, uh, putting some finishing touches on the cake. Little gift for you and the missus. Run along now, you don’t want to ruin the surprise.”
“You. Get up,” he said harshly at Dean.
Dean turned to Jack and dealt him a stern expression. He knew he was giving off the vibe of a parent in a coming of age comedy who had stayed up late to catch their teenager sneaking in, but he didn’t care.
There was the tiniest slither of white sticking out of his bottom gum.
“Ugh,” Dean groaned and collapsed into his seat, “we already turned down Thanksgiving and Christmas. Can’t put it off again. I’ll text her to make plans.”
“I have no idea what you mean.”
“I’m a high school drop-out. How am I supposed to know this?” Dean said one day after Jack had called him over for help. “Hey, college drop-out,” he called to Sam as he entered the room with a large bowl of salad and a beer, “you come do this.”
“I mean it. I’m going to find a ghost and shoot it.”
“Precisely. No kid deserves to grow up eating your rabbit food. Anyway, I’m gonna go tell Cas.”
Sam does a double-take at that information. “Wait, Dean is still in there? Prove it, say something only Dean would say.”
He sets the shoes neatly next to the bed. “Dean. I don’t need to sleep. I’m an angel,” Cas reminds him.
“So how’s work, Sam?” Cas asked Sam politely. It was the first thing he’d invited Sam to talk about all day. He’d gotten very engrossed in talking about his new book.
“I thought happiness would be just telling you about my feelings for you. I’d dreamed of that moment, but I had always feared seeing rejection in your face. Disgust. And it deterred me from ever saying anything at all. I let The Empty take me before you had the chance to respond. When Jack brought me back, I was too scared to look you in the eye for fear of your rejection, but it never came. If I thought true happiness was in just saying it, it was nothing compared to the day I looked into your eyes and knew for sure that if I kissed you, you wouldn’t push me away. That I could have you,
“Good. Shall we?”
Cas crossed the room to pat her on the shoulder. “You seemed so happy a week ago. What happened?”
He considered that. “Fair point. I am still alive. Thought you might have named him after someone else we’ve lost, though.”
“Still,”
Dean retches.
“So you know Cas?” Sam prompted.
Cas smiles, and he can feel a warmth in his mind from Dean.
Don looked up from where he was wiping a ketchup stain off the counter and gave Dean a once over. He didn’t look awed. “You got any experience?”
Cas sighs. “Dean, I am a perfectly competent driver. I won’t hurt your car.”
“You ready to go?”
“It appears my work has reached a larger audience than I realized,” he mumbled, his eyes tracing the path Zehra had just taken.
There’s silence in his head for a long time before Dean starts talking, slowly at first, like he’s not sure of his words.
Cas blinks and turns back to Sam. “Suddenly, he thinks I
Cas felt blood rush to his face. “I am fairly well regarded in certain linguistics circles.”
“They definitely had a thing, though. Even I could see it,” Dean argued.
“Just leave me, Jack. This is it for me.”
Sam chuckles. “Yeah, that sounds like Dean.”
A week passes in the same pattern: Cas would spend twelve hours researching a cure, then Dean would spend his twelve hours doing whatever he wanted; watching films, mindlessly scrolling through social media, or playing video games. He had to direct Cas on how to hold the controller, which button was shoot, and which made them move. He lost a lot of games at first, but Cas eventually got the hang of it.
“I imagine he is still very tired after last night.”
Oh yeah. This was the right woman for him. Sam smiled then got to his feet and leaned down to kiss her.
“Alright, bossy.”
“You color-coordinate your outfits? I was under the impression you just wear whatever.”
Around halfway through the movie, Cas’s phone lit up with a message, and he took his hand back from Dean so he could check it.
Eileen signed, then pushed him towards the changing rooms.
“We’ll just wait for my grace to reform.”
“No?” Dean asked, confused. “So what’s eating you?”
“It’s for someone else?”
“Essentially.”
“Jesus Christ.” Dean lightly punched the wall next to his head, then whispered, “Maybe communication is important.”
“You know us?” Sam continues interrogating.
Jack picked up the bowl and popped one into his mouth. Ugh. Dean had no idea why Jack loved those disgusting things so much. He definitely got that from Cas’s side of the species.
Cas didn’t look up from his book. “At the lake. Pretending they’re not smoking weed.”
Cas tilts his head. “Should I not be able to?”
Sam nodded approvingly. “Of course she will. What kind of human things? How about... school?”
“It got me thinking. If we’re going to attempt a normal life we’re going to need to be legit. You and I have been legally dead for years, Jack is technically three years old, and Cas is in the body of a ten-year-old missing persons case. So,” he started to open the box, “I reached out to Charlie to see if she knew anyone who could make fake IDs.”
“You can what?” Dean couldn’t believe what he was hearing. Those words had starred in every dream of his that wasn’t a nightmare since Cas died.
On day twenty-two, he and Dean are alone in Dean’s room, each with a hand on the same controller, shooting at some generic bad guy in the latest first-person shooter Dean had insisted on buying that, as far as Cas was concerned, was identical to all his others. Cas is just about to attempt a particularly difficult shot when he feels a surge of energy flow through his body.
“Thank you.”
“What’s wrong with this?” Sam is quite enjoying his latest album purchase.
Dean twists the handle and steps through first, keeping his brother behind him. The witch is lounging on a once-ornate couch, sipping at a fancy cocktail in a sparklingly clean glass. Her pristine clothes, exactly as Cas described, even down to the scrunchie, look out of place in the ruined building. She looks entirely unperturbed by the gun pointed directly at her face.
Dean reached for the photo he took of the three of them in the hospital the day Harry was born off the mantle and handed it to her.
Another minute passes in silence before the paste starts to sink into his skin, one symbol at a time, until the largest one, right above his heart, fizzes and crackles like a firework before disappearing and leaving the skin unblemished.
“Can you put some over my mouth? Dean still plans on screaming for help as soon as we leave the car.”
“It’s not like that.”
Sam gets up and leaves, his fingers already typing rapidly across his phone.
“How you gonna eat all of those before they melt, huh?” Dean asked with butterscotch sauce all around his mouth.
“...Touché,” he conceded.
he signed at his parents.
Sam and Eileen joined the hug and smothered Jack in even more kisses, across his forehead, cheeks, the tip of his nose. Harry managed to find a space at Jack’s waist to wrap his arms around.
Dean slapped the paper in his lap with the back of his hand. “They’re in Swedish!”
“Of course. Oh well, I’ll just clean the sheets later.”
Cas put down his own now empty cup on the nightstand and started to put his own clothes back on to distract himself from Dean. He put back on his jacket and ill-fitting trench coat and tightened his tie around his neck. He and Dean both finished dressing at around the same time, and Dean walked around to the other side of the bed.
“Prove it. Be delightfully quiet.”
“Yeah, well, now I’m hungry. C'mon, Sammy. To the kitchen.”
"Well, she seems to think you're flirting. She gave you her number the last time we went."
Cas pokes at the fingers on his right hand. He can feel the nails digging into his skin, but can do nothing to flinch out of the way. “For some reason, I no longer have control over my right arm.”
“He’s all alone out here. He needs someone. To look after him, I mean.”
“Okay, are you done making jokes?”
“Jeez, Cas. You can’t drop a speech like that with no warning. You’ve got a bad habit of doing that, you know?” He laughed humorlessly. Cas laughed with him. “What if I get hurt? You won’t be able to heal me anymore.”
“If the last few weeks have taught me anything, it’s that I can’t be without you. I need you, Cas.”
Sam stared at him in disbelief. “Is that what this is? You’ve just realized you’re in love with the guy you’ve been dating for years, and you’re having a big gay freak out about it?” he scoffed.
“Of course. I’ll check the bunker’s archives for any reference to that spell.”
“So much. It’s not every night yet, but most. Eileen can’t wait to smash that bracelet you gave her with a mallet.”
“Yes, we actually need it crushed,” Cas answers. “Do you have a pestle and mortar?”
“Give him to me,” Dean said, shutting the oven and reaching for him. “You go rinse that off, or something.”
Homophobic language.
“Aww, ain't you sweet? The usual?”
“Okay… And why are you upset about that?”
“So, five ingredients down. One to go.” A few weeks ago, Sam would have been delighted to have them apart, so they would stop arguing, but now he fears they would just double their attempts to prank him in retaliation for filming them.
Sam waves awkwardly at the waitress as they leave. The trip back to the motel is in silence, other than Dean’s internal grumbling. They check out of the motel, handing the keys over to an elderly man with a seriously intense frown, and head back to the car. With Cas’s usual, exceedingly guilty glance around, he pops the trunk and presses two fingers to his vessel’s forehead before slamming it shut again.
“You’re not related.”
Claire sat up straighter in her seat and set down the metaphorical gauntlet. “Oh, you’re coming for my dating life? Well, Cas has told me an awful lot about your past. At least I dated my girlfriends for over a month.”
They finally found a house on the outskirts of a small town about half an hour from Sam and Eileen’s. It was a mile away from the nearest neighbors, down a winding gravel drive, and halfway into the woods. The house was in a small clearing with no fenced garden or lawn, just an expanse of wildflowers. At the back of the house, there was a short path through the trees to a small fishing lake that didn’t get many visitors, just the locals.
“Have you two got settled in okay?” Eileen asked.
“So first of all, the living room. I kept some of the cottage’s original features, like the fireplace here, even though the chimney is too blocked to fix without smashing down the whole wall, but I fitted the new windows with double glazing.” He walked around the room, pointing to each feature in turn, and stopped to pat Miracle, who was curled up in his basket at the back of the room, next to the sliding glass door to the backyard.
Dean turns to his new target. “Everett, buddy, help me out. This jerkface angel is holding me hostage.”
Unfortunately, the waitress chose this moment to appear at their table with Sam’s toast and coffee. She pursed her lips at Dean.
“I still can’t believe you wouldn’t let us see it until it was finished,” Sam said after they had exchanged greetings.
“Cas?”
Cas pays with money he finds in Dean’s wallet and takes the keys she offers him. He hands one to Sam and heads in the direction she pointed them. Even before they’re out of the door, she’s back on her phone.
“Damn right, freeloader.”
“I am! First the gray hair, now the not wanting sex. And it’s not just that! My knees hurt when I stand up, I have to keep a support pillow in the Impala for my back, I’ve just become a business owner and—”
Sam finally lowers his gun, slowly, like he doesn’t quite believe it yet.
“I don’t need a newborn of my own to deal with. I am raising a grown adult toddler antichrist nephilim who also happens to be God. I’m all parented out, okay?”
“I’ve been thinking, Cas.” Dean’s voice had a slight wobble to it that he was doing his best to cover, but Cas knew him well enough to recognize it.
Dean kissed him on the cheek.
Dean scoffs.
“She has always had a loving heart. But the first sign he’s back on the drugs, I want him away from Harrison, do you understand me?”
“That’s different. Besides, this is an age-restricted law.”
“I ain’t got no problem,” came a gruff-sounding voice from the left side of the room.
“Because, and I quote, ‘That dumb son of a bitch deserves everything he gets’.”
“For one, you didn’t order any food. You must be going through something if you’re off your food. And two, you didn’t bat an eyelid when I ordered avocado on toast. On any normal day, you’d mock me for my hippie food. Now what gives?”
“Oh, you mean your increasingly incoherent messages, the last of which read, ‘I gay. Yay Taylor Swift’?”
“They’re just roommates.”
“Yes, Sam. An empty vessel is essentially a corpse.”
He clambered to his feet and patted his pockets. Wallet and keys in place, he headed for the door.
“See? Embarrassing your kids is fun,” Dean whispered to Cas.
"Good evening, Chloe,” Cas politely greeted the waitress.
“My vessel. I need to heal him multiple times a day, remember?”
Dean could smell his dinner from where Cas was keeping it warm in the oven for him.
Dean pulls his hand back and curls it into a fist. Cas catches it just before it connects with his face.
“I can’t. It’s in my hand. You’ll have to pull it out.”
Cas stammered and tried to defend himself. “Well, that’s different.”
“Sorry about him. He’s a bit–” Eileen spun her finger in a circle around her ear and took Cas by the shoulders to push him away. “Let's stick to the adult section, huh?”
. Anyone with eyes can see that. Don’t you remember all those angels and demons that used to call him your boyfriend? They all knew!”
Jack did so. Dean stayed on the sofa and nursed his coffee, waiting for the pills to kick in. After what felt like about an hour he heard banging again.
“Yes, I know, Dean. I was watching it too. What
“Dean, you are making no sense.”
The sound of Cas’s voice caused Dean to sit and shield his eyes from the blazing sun with his hand. Three figures were approaching him, all vastly different sizes. Dean and Cas stood to welcome them.
“Are you being serious? I’ve got a baby to look after!”
The Winchester brothers look at each other and reach the same conclusion. A trap.
“Right? How can they change math, Sammy?
“No, nothing like that at all. Please tell me you’ve never eaten raw flour.”
Dean is silent, like he can’t even trust himself to speak in his head anymore.
“No worries, it’s on Cas. I’m sure the Richie Rich of ice creams over here can afford it.”
“In here, boys!”
She rests her head in her hands and stares up at him with a dreamy expression, like a preteen girl meeting her favorite pop star.
“Really? He doesn’t normally sleep this long.”
“Well, I didn’t! Someone should really write a manual. This happens way too often,” he grumbled angrily.
“No,” Sam said slowly, like he was explaining to a child, “that’s how he looks at
“What about us?”
Dean curses, even though Sam can’t hear him.
Dean shuffles his foot. He can tell he’s no longer on the soft carpet of his bedroom, but he can't quite make out what he’s standing on through his boots. It’s too soft to be concrete or gravel, but firm enough to hold him.
“Because it looks like a ring box. I couldn’t be sure, of course, so I looked inside. And what do you know!”
“It was ridiculous.”
“You’re right. I killed Hitler. I can do anything. I’ve killed Hitler, I’ve killed Hitler…”
The fidgeting intensifies, and Dean looks away from the mirror, not able to meet his own eyes knowing who was really behind them.
“When your hairline starts receding, don’t scream bloody murder. I thought a demon was attacking you.”
he grumbles.
“That’s sure convenient.”
“Joint bank account, babe. Mi money es su money.”
His smile didn’t falter. He knew Dean wasn’t being serious, and even if he was, there was no way he’d succeed. He checked his birth certificate.
“That sounds like fun. Then, maybe college? I’ve heard a lot about it from TV.”
“In the kitchen, probably.”
“I was still mad at you.”
Sam picked up the instructions from the floor. “Dean, you hold this in place and I’ll screw it, alright?”
“Come now, you’re going to have to do better than that,” she taunts.
“What do you mean? Of course, you don’t.”
Realization dawned on Cas’s face. “Oh right. The… thing. That we’re doing. Today. Now. Yes. You should go.”
All heads turned to Cas, confused expressions on all their faces.
“The drunk guy who always pees on our mailbox has started peeing on our neighbor’s instead.”
“Yep.” He pops the P, an unremorseful grin stretched across his face.
“Didn’t tell me my food was going to be made by a faggot.”
"I'm sorry, Cas," Dean muttered groggily once the sounds of everyone getting ready for bed had turned to deep breathing. "I was bringing up old shit. Do you forgive me?"
“It’s where all your clothes are. I don’t have any in my room, and I thought you’d be happier in your own clothes, anyway.”
Cas addressed the question to the ceiling as if God was listening from heaven and not the kitchen.
“Grazie,” he nods. He passes the tomato over to Dean, who cradles it awkwardly in his hand, having nowhere safe to keep it. He takes Dean’s phone out of his pocket and holds it up to his ear, conscious of the woman still watching him, and pretends to take a call. “She said I am very handsome and wanted to know if I am single. Her daughter is looking for a new relationship.”
“What?” Cas sounded confused.
“I’m not late, am I? You haven’t started yet?” She picked up a nearby magazine and started fanning herself with it.
Jack left the room with a spring in his step.
Sam was watching TV one evening after a particularly stressful day at work, and keeping half an eye on Harry, who was playing under his mobile on the living room floor. Eileen was folding the laundry and caught sight of something in Sam’s sock drawer. She decided she’d had enough.
Cas doesn’t dignify that with an answer and turns to Sam. “Back home?”
“Yeah, I got a problem.” He stood from his chair and crossed over to Cas’s table. “I just found out my dinner was made by some pansy, and who knows where his hands have been. I’m probably going to need shots.”
“So where’s this flower, then?”
“Still not getting cold feet?” Dean asked as he straightened his brother’s tie for the third time.
Once at level ground, they look up to see Sam with his phone pointing at them, an arrogant grin stretched across his face.
“Years of practice. You must know. You lived with him for longer than I have.”
“Okay, then,” Sam scoffs, not believing him at all. “Prove it.”
Cas shot Dean a look over the top of Brigid’s head that clearly read
Cas rolls his eyes up, as if trying to see into his own brain.
Cas sighs, unwilling to speak. “The spell was very specific. My grace will attack my vessel. This vessel. And only this vessel. So if I were to take another one…”
“Tried to kill her.”
Dean’s whole face contorts into a disgusted frown. “Gross, man.”
“Uh, yeah it is. We eat there, Cas!”
“Oh, the Nephilim?”
Thankfully, the back of the room with the bar was much quieter than the dance floor so he could actually hear himself speak.
“Because you’re seven!”
Dean wrote a fake number on the notepad Cas kept next to the phone for recording message and handed it to her. “Sure.”
He rolled onto his back and stared at the ceiling.
The waitress quickly snaps herself out of being addressed so abruptly, years of angry customers making her immune to such rudeness. “What bread?”
Cas stared intently into Dean's eyes. Dean took his hand that wasn't holding Cas’s and cupped his jaw.
Sam subtly signed at Eileen.
I actually love peas, I don't know why I did them dirty like this.
“Don’t you think she could do with a new coat of wax, too?” he asked innocently.
“Nothing!” they said in unison.
“Ugh, can’t you make yourself useful and come and mojo this fixed?”
“Uh, no.”
“I’ve never—” he gestured vaguely at the bar.
“You won’t like it much.”
“The ones who did know you said you retired but didn’t know where. They kept giving me the numbers of other hunters to see if they knew and finally a hunter named Gail gave me this address, so here I am!”
They both turned to the arrival of a new sound. Footsteps. It took a few moments for Dean to place the owner, but through his brain fog, he recognized the drag queen from the night before, now without the wig and makeup, but still in the tight sequin dress.
“You definitely called him babe.”
“You think I’ve forgotten?” he laughed humorlessly. “My memory may not be what it used to be, but I wouldn’t forget a thing like that.
Their mouths fit together so perfectly it felt like they’d been designed just for this. Dean didn’t know why he’d expected Cas to be shy about this; he’d seen Cas kiss before and the guy was
“What? You think I’m just going to tell you my evil little plan?” She laughs, a single cackle. “Monologue for you to give you a chance to escape? I don’t think so.”
"Oh, thank God. This would be really awkward if you didn't feel the same way."
Dean huffed a laugh. “We have actually toned it down a bit recently. We’re both getting older and neither of us can be bothered with the schemantics on the regular anymore.”
“You don’t cook salad on a stove, idiot.”
Cas yanked the door open, ready to curse out whoever was on the other side, but the woman approaching middle age in a sensible skirt made him pause. “Uh, can I help you?”
“What? I like to grind my own spices,” Sam mutters defensively.
Cas climbed into the bed and lay on his back. Dean turned off the lights and blindly felt his way into the bed. He put one arm around Cas’s waist before looking down at him in the darkness.
Sam choose to ignore that. “Okay, let Jack have a go. Wait,” he paused. “What is Jack to Harry?”
Cas steps a little closer to the mirror to examine his wings closer. They’re healthier than he’s seen them in a long time, not a feather out of place. Even the soft under-feathers are fluffy and warm. He gives them a quick test flap to check everything’s in order.
“Last time I let you babysit, you sent him back with his diaper on backward.”
Cas falls back on the bed and breathes deeply, a small smile on his face. “My wings. They’re back.”
“You got everything?” he asks over his shoulder at Cas.
“You can work from home some days.”
“And you were going to smite them with your slipper?”
“No, I want this to scar. I want to be reminded every day of the choice I made. Now stop stalling.”
Just a short lil epilogue to go!
Sam furrowed his brow. “What do you mean?”
Dean dished up the beef onto his and Cas’s plates, then added some to the one in front of Jack’s empty chair.
to buy the dinner from him. Says he couldn’t stand seeing it going to anyone else.”
“I mean, ‘no’, you’ve never told me you love me.”
“What about?” Dean had no idea which one of his recent behaviors had annoyed him this time.
The heads all shifted to Dean.
In all the commotion of trying to free Eileen, no one had noticed how far out to sea they’d drifted. The water sloshed heavily against the plastic siding, unbalancing the inhabitants. The other boat renters were too far out of earshot to call for help.
Dean handed Sam and Jack a slice of pie each, and silently ended the conversation.
“Buongiorno,” he greets.
Sam puts the last piece of tape over Dean’s mouth and reduces his complaint to muffles. He takes his phone out of his pocket to snap a quick picture, then gets back in the driver's seat and turns on the ignition.
Cas feels a wave of guilt wash over him. “Yes, of course. Let me make something for you. It’s the least I could do. You must have had the worst day.”
Dean concedes.
An awkward silence fell in the room as everyone realized The Thing They Didn’t Talk About was being Talked About.
Sam and Eileen came to visit when Dean was done. Sam helped her out of the car and up the stairs to the front door, as she cradled her ever-growing bump.
“Cas went on three dates with a woman last month.”
“Pregnant, Dean.” He made sure to enunciate it clearer this time.
Dean remarks doubtfully.
“Good.”
“Fuck you.” The trucker spat blood in Cas’s face.
“I lied! You can’t have it. I’ll make my own dinner!” he yells down the hallway.
“Christ! Frigging teenagers! Can’t leave you alone for two goddamn minutes!”
“Mark, from corporate, has offered me a job as a translator for business meetings. He’s the one who heard me speaking all those languages,” he said as an aside to Eileen, who nodded knowingly.
“I don’t want things to be uncomfortable between us. I only said it because I thought I would never see you again. This,” he gestured between them, “was not part of the plan. But-" he took a deep breath, "-I meant everything I said and I don’t regret it. I understand you don’t feel the same way and I made my peace with that a long time ago. I would like it if we’d be able to remain friends.” This was very different from Cas’s last goodbye speech. He couldn't make eye contact with Dean; he addressed his whole speech at his hands. He spoke with false apathy, as though he was struggling to stop himself from unleashing his true emotions
He coughs again, this time not turning his head quick enough and coating the front of Dean’s shirt.
“Good.”
“Thanks for this, Cas,” Charlie said as she buckled her seat belt. “I hope I don’t throw up.”
“I’m the one being tortured. Eight billion humans on this planet I could have fallen in love with and I chose
“I love you, Cas. I love you. I will always love you. From now until my final day, and then for all of eternity in heaven.”
Cas just about manages to pick up the empty vessel and struggles across the room to the map table. With a thud, he drops it, enjoying the instant relief it gives his sore muscles.
“Hey, I’m just gonna head back to that diner for breakfast, then we can set off.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean was already picturing the blood pressure medication his doctor would prescribe him at his next check-up. He was sure he could feel more hair turning gray by the second. “Cas, tell him.”
Thankfully, he doesn’t encounter Sam on his way back to the bedroom, so he doesn’t have to explain his half-naked state. It’s not until he rounds the last corner that Dean realizes where they are.
“Nah, this is some millennial math. Sorry kid,” he clapped Jack over the shoulder, “you’re going to have to work that one out on your own.”
