The garden was deep, which meant he could built the firepit nice and close, but keep the section he had in mind for Cas in the back. Cas not knowing when he'd get back hadn't seemed like too much of an issue, until Dean was halfway through his project. He started to fear Cas would return before it was finished. As soon as he was finished the coin flipped and he hated having to wait to show Cas his surprise.
Dean shook his head. "That's hardly your fault. You saved me Cas. I was trying to do the same for you, you know."
Sorry the last chapter was a bit rushed and still late. But in the netherlands we also celebrate the second day of Christmas, so it's still kinda on time....
When his brother bend down to grab some more munition, Dean ran over, a loose heap of snow cradled in his hands before he dumped in on Sam's hair, rubbing it in for good measure.
When Cas and Dean returned from the kitchen, Dean was so focused on Gabriel's smirk he barely noticed the way Sam and Jack were smiling at them. When he noticed Gabriel's smirk only grew wider.
"Dean." Cas's voice was soft as he stepped closer, putting a hand on Dean's cheek to make him look at him.
It was beautiful really, maybe a bit overwhelming to process all at once. With a soft nod, Dean's eyes flew over the scan again. "I like that." There was more that he could be saying. How proud he was, how much he liked the names. To feel like mom and Bobby, as well as Eileen's parents might live on. He would tell Sam and Eileen once he found the words, but for now this was enough.
In the kitchen downstairs, Cas was warming a bottle of formula in the microwave while softly swaying his nephew in his arms. At least Bobby had mostly stopped crying. He was still letting out little huffs and puffs as he waited for his food. Maura should be making her way down the stairs any second now if the sound had woken her up. Castiel turned around, a smile on his face as he saw the little girl climb down the stairs. His niece was making her way down half a step at a time, both arms outstretched with her hands clinging to the railing. "Uncle Castiel?" She sounded like she was still half asleep, so Cas made sure to keep an eye out so she wouldn't fall.
During the meal a meager conversation played up again about Christmas plans and new years. Sam talked about their mishap on the ice ring and as long as Dean and Cas didn't talk to each other directly, the conversation kept pace. Just before their desert was served Gabriel told Sam he really had to come with him to meet a few friends Gabriel had spotted a few tables over. No one bought the bullshit excuse, but Dean didn't want to comment and Sam followed Gabriel any way.
Jack looked at him confused. "Why can't I have that. I've drunk before... I barely notice it." He assured Dean.
Castiel couldn't speak yet, he could barely even think. It had been too long since he heard those words and he never needed to hear them as much as he did now. When he calmed down a little he pulled back from the safe cocoon Dean formed around him. "I love you too, Dean. I'm sorry." He unclutched one of his fists that was grabbing onto the back of Dean's shirt so he could wipe away the others tears. He never meant to make Dean cry.
Dean shook his head, still grinning. Sam was right. He'd grown a lot since then and learned a lot about himself. Even in these past five years with Cas he had changed in way he hadn't dared to hope for. Back then he couldn't even tell Sam he and Cas were together and now he was conformable openly joking about how closeminded he used to be on his way to celebrate how much he loved Cas with all their friends to witness it.
Sam sighed as he gave their place a once over as well, and Dean couldn't help being a little offended at the way Sam looked. He really seemed to think that this place Dean worked hard to pay for wasn't something to be proud of. That was either a new feeling, or something Dean hadn't picked up on before this Christmas break, but Dean was willing to bet it was the first. He even understood in a way why Sam felt like that, but that didn't make it any less painful to see the way Sammy looked at their home.
Gabriel shook his head. "I had to tell Sam at least." Gabriel argued. "He has been waiting for this to happen for years."
"You haven't heard..." Dean wondered how many times his heart could break while celebrating his first house. "I..." He fell short, trying to find a way to express what he had been trying to tell Cas all along.
Castiel was faster than Dean. He gasped, his eyes wide with joy. When Dean wanted to look at Castiel's glass he put his hand over what seemed to be some sort of engravement.  Instead he gestured for Dean to take out his own glass. One look around the room told Dean all eyes were on him now. Slowly, he pulled the glass out of the box and read what it said. Tears were filing up his eyes before he was consciously aware what the engravement stood for.
But then Jack safed him, like a light pulling him from the darkness. Suddenly the world was changed. Chuck was no longer in charge, Jack ruled heaven and earth and heaven got back to its purpose. Castiel knew all those things should matter more, but all he could think about was that now he had to face Dean. There was no way for Dean to ignore a statement as big as that. Or at least, so Cas thought.
Claire snorted at the line that Jody didn't seem to realize was a pun. Kaia hushed her despite chuckling softly. Dean was laughing as well, but stopped after shooting Castiel a half apologetic grin.
Castiel didn't get time to process the little motion, he was too curious to find out what had brought them here.
Cas shook his head. “They told me I was family, I thought I could win back his trust. I went to hell for him and he didn’t bat an eye. He got angry… Angry that I stopped another power-hungry demon from taking over hell and demonize earth.”
Dean stayed alone in the common room. How dare Sam accuse him of driving Castiel away. Dean had just been angry; Cas should be used to this by now. He should know Dean didn’t actually want him to leave. When most of Dean’s frustration subsided Dean realized that Cas had been putting up with a lot. And even though Dean refused to believe it was all his fault, Sam was right, he had to fix this. It had been something between Dean and Cas. He remembered the relieve in Cas’s voice when he heard Dean wasn’t going to fling himself into the ocean in a box. The pain in his own heart when Cas died and how much he hated Jack at first.
"Of course." Castiel nodded, finally pulling the box out of his coat pocket. When he opened it, he swallowed hard. This was the right choice. Sam seemed to agree, taking the silver ring from where it was wedged in a satin filling. It was a little broader than wedding rings typically were since Dean had always favored broader rings in the past. It didn't have too much flare; just a silver ring with a brushed titanium band embedded across the middle. That was most important part of the ring, or at least is would be.
"Sounds like a plan. I really owe you one." Dean wasn't sure what else to say, but with Brian that was okay.
The further into the garden they walked, the more bee and insect friendly flowers lined the pathway. All the way up to the back, where the path stopped at a large beehive. Dean was glad they were able to get here before the sun set. Even he had to admit the colorful flowers made a beautiful spectacle. with the vibrant blues and purples. Dean had done some research on what flowers to get, and it turned out bees liked pretty colors as much as humans did.
Despite not eating, Castiel rarely forgot to stock the fridge and make dinner while Dean was at work. He usually had to reheat it for Dean, but he always made sure there was plate ready. Dean never asked him to take on that role, but Castiel enjoyed taking care of the other and the habit had grown naturally during their time together.
Dean felt a rush of warmth and happiness at that statement as he looked back at Cas. He put his arm on the back of the bench behind him. "Yeah. That's exactly what I want this to be. That's why I wanted to leave the bunker in the first place."
Dean smiled as he looked at Cas. They were finally alone in their new house. Castiel didn't look as happy as Dean had hoped he would.
"Come on Sammy, don't start like this. Am I supposed to say the same thing about you and Gabriel now."
It felt lame to ask Sam if Dean was the one causing his nerves, so he didn't bring it up, but he started feeling nervous as well by the thought alone. When the doorbell finally rang Sam jumped yelling "I'll get it!".  Sam even went as far as to pick him up by the front door instead of just ringing him up. It took almost ten minutes before they made their way back up to the apartment and Dean started getting more curious about his bothers boyfriend as he heard them climbing the stairs. Despite all of Dean's teasing and laughing he could still feel there was something special to the moment. This man was important to Sammy, so no matter how much he tried to play around it, meeting him was a big deal to both of them. The door creaked open.
Dean sighed, then rolled his eyes instead of answering. It did feel nice to know Sam had known all this time and didn't care. But he wasn't going to admit that.
"I do." He smiled as he squeezed Dean's hand tightly, knowing they were second away from this being a reality.
"I'm not willing to work around this." He was ashamed of himself for not arguing as much as he should have, but he was too shocked to really understand what they were saying until the call ended. It was clear from Dean's expression that that response confused him. Of course it did, he didn't know what it would mean to 'work around it' since Castiel hadn't had the chance to explain. "Some girl called me up and started talking about the change in management and policy right off the bat. She explained how our contract gave them the right to enforce new policy up to a week before the event. I expected her to say we had to use their catering or something. But then she started talking about refunding our deposit and citing their right too religious freedom." Dean's hands tightened on his and he saw the anger Dean tried to suppress. Unlike earlier, he didn't feel like the anger was directed towards them. "The only way around it is to not call it a wedding. We can use the reservation if we just have a party, but that means no ceremony, no cake, nothing that celebrates that I love you and you love me."
"Good for you, Dean. For both of you." Sam smiled, putting a hand on his shoulder. "I'll ask Cas about the paint."
Why was this so hard, it made the most sense. Sam was probably more than capable of writing a letter with enough legalese in there to make the old venue cover the costs of their down payments on food and the band. That was all something to worry about later. At least they had a solution for now.
Judging by the nod, the number didn't seem to shock Levar in the slightest. "And you're not the only one. Demand is exciding our capacity. I commend how hard you and your colleagues have been working to keep up, but the current situation just isn't sustainable. Instead we have decided to expand the business to accommodate the growth."
Instead he decided to just go in and ask. This time he waited by the counter quietly, looking at the man that was working on something again, not wanting to disturb him. Even though he could only see his back, Dean knew it was the guy that had helped him yesterday. He had to be pretty focused, considering the fact that he seemed unaware that he was no longer alone. Dean looked him over again before deciding to announce his presence after all. "Hey." He said, making the other turn towards him instantly.
He was short. But like really short. Of course Sam had showed Dean a few pictures, but the way they were framed hadn't prepared him for this. A quick glance at Sam was enough to conclude that he pretty much understood Dean's train of thought, and didn't want him to comment on it. Dean instead held out his hand to the other, deciding that was the polite option. "You must be Gabriel." Dean stated, earning a smirk. "Probably."
Claire nodded and dean couldn't help but notice how happy she seemed. "Actually yeah. He's the one that made me believe in god and when I introduced him to my girlfriend Kaia, he taught me how god loves everyone. When I told him I wanted to work towards a center to represent that, he was all for it." She explained. "It is really striking how much the two of you look alike."
Dean woke up to the sound of cries. Before he could even open his eyes, Castiel kissed the top of Dean's head before moving away. "I'll make him a bottle," he offered in a soft tone.  Dean reluctantly let go of him so Cas could get out of the bed, taking his heat with him. Although Dean was grateful he didn't have to get up, he missed having his angel beside him instantly. With his eyes still closed, he grabbed Castiel's pillow, since he could no longer rest his head on his chest. Not that he thought he could really fall asleep again until Cas was next to him again.
"Great. What do I owe you?" He asked but Cas waved it off. "It's on the house." He assured Dean. Dean wasn't sure if it was the cold that made Castiel's cheeks red, but he decided not to dwell on it and just nod and thank the man. He wanted to say something else, but there was really no need to The other stayed quiet as well and Dean could feel the tension starting to grow. He broke the silence as he announced that he should be heading to work, to which Cas nodded silently.
He hadn't minded yet, not really, not until a few days ago. Until he realized that soon they'd have Christmas dinner with the three of them, pick movies with the three of them and go places with the three of them. It was always three. Whatever they'd do, Sam would have someone there and Dean wouldn't. Dean would have to share his family, and Sam doubled his own.
Gabriel didn't even look at Sam to see if he noticed, he just grinned as he mused. "Oh, how did that get there." He mused innocently as he stood right under the doorway and it suddenly hit Sam that neither of them had even brought a reef to hang.
"We've got something for you," Sam said instead of answering right away. With that, Eileen pulled up her bag, fishing two square giftwrapped boxes out of it. She looked at the little tags with their names on it and gave Cas and Dean their respective gifts.
Dean gave him a weird look, trying to figure out why the angel would leave him. "Did you forget something?"
But to celebrate their love and the life they built together. To wear Cas's ring and carry that feeling with him wherever he went... Life wasn't just about needing, not anymore.
The shopkeeper smiled fondly. "We always put a star on top of the tree at home now. It's supposed to help us find our way home for Christmas."
When they broke apart, Dean smiled at the other. "Since we're being honest... I really liked sleeping with you close." It felt like an awkward confession, but by now, Dean had learned that if he didn't speak up, there was no way for Cas to know what he wanted. "I get that it might be boring or something, but would you mind going to bed with me every now and again. You can leave when I sleep, I'm not expecting you to just lay there all night, but I don't know."
When the fight was starting to calm down a bit, Dean decided to end it with one last attack before they went inside. His hands stung, so cold they were heating up. They were completely red and at this point almost unable to form a snowball, but he wasn't one for backing out of a fight or admitting he actually did need gloves.
After Eileen and Cas were all set up, happily chatting about what Eileen was getting Sam for his birthday, Sam walked into the room. "Hey Cas, which of these were meant for the bedroom?"
Dean's looked at him annoyed until he realized something he hadn't addressed yet. He turned to Sam. "You kissed
So that was it for conversation then, okay. Dean could deal with that. He took the remaining half of the pizza to the living room and put on an episode of 'The Boys' to distract himself before bed. Although it wasn't Castiel's favorite show, he had expected the other to join him on the couch after he finished clearing up the paperwork. When Cas still hadn't joined him 20 minutes in, Dean accepted the fact that the angel was just going to stay in the kitchen for the rest of the evening.
Castiel could see she was having a hard time being the strong one, but they all needed her to, someone should be. “You married a great woman Sam.” Cas told him softly as they watched her talk to a nurse to find out about Dean. The corners of Sam’s lips quirked up, but there was no joy in his eyes. He looked at Cas slightly pained but nodded. “And you’ll marry a great man. I know he will get through this okay?” Sam clasped Cas’s knee as reassurance and Cas nodded. “He’s strong.” Cas agreed, his eyes still fixed on the conversation between Jess and the nurse.
"Do the kind of flowers you sell change around the holidays?" Dean asked surprised and actually vaguely interested in the answer.
Cas grinned as he bagged the stuff. "Should I say see tomorrow?" He asked with a chuckle as he handed Dean the bag. Dean tried to ignore t he blush he felt heating his cheeks. He just laughed and thanked him, warning him he just might at this rate. When he got back into his car, he looked over shaking his head.  He knew why he had gotten This would be absolutely perfect.
Now that he was thinking about it, he realized the power of it had been diminishing over time. It used to be so strong, one touch would flood him with Castiel's joy. Now it barely even registered when the feeling wasn't there. Whatever was going on, Dean had been too busy to register the slow decline. He brushed the titanium again, willing himself to feel the rush of joy and love. He still felt empty.
When they finally started working on the upstairs, Eileen and Cas had settled on painting the guest room while Dean and Sam would do the master bedroom.
Castiel took a second to answer. "It just takes some getting used to this all." He admitted, looking over the garden.
It got to a point where Dean asked Cas about every little detail. Cas seemed to enjoy the decorating side of it as much as Dean had enjoyed building the home in the first place.
Castiel went back up to heaven the following day, He stayed for only three days before he needed to get back down. Not just to recharge, he also wanted to spend some more time with Dean in the bunker, now that he knew how limited those moments were. Jack understood why Cas had to go back. Even Though prayers no longer came through, Jack's messages always did. He promised to let Cas know when he needed him again.
holding up, Cas?" The casual phrasing didn't fit the depth of Dean's voice. This was all Castiel wanted, to be acknowledged again. For Dean to see these past months were hard on him too.
"I'll take it, Charlie." He assured the girl, who shrugged and walked towards the cart Castiel had been unloading. Dean didn't think about why Castiel insisted on helping, but appreciated the gesture non the less. He was thinking of a good way to casually tease the other about it, just to see how he'd react, but the florist cut him to it.
He called the new management of their previous venue assholes, his colleagues joked about cutting the brakes if any of them dared to bring their car to the shop. They told him it was a shitty situation to be in, slapped him on his shoulder and offered to help in any way they could. Of course there was no way for them to help, unless they happened to own a large event center, but the sentiment was nice. 30 minutes before the end of Dean's shift, Brian, the location manager, took the wrench Dean was working with out of his hand after he tightened the last bold on the engine he fixed up. "I'll take it from here, you go home. Give Cas our best will ya?"
"Now as for the kid, he's got some good brains and a good heart. I might not know the stress of worrying about a kid that is basically god, but I do know as a parent you always worry. This whole paradise business we're building, it seems nice, and I'm going to go for it in the future. For now, I was thinking, how about I stay with the kid for a little, if that's okay with you."
The shame did come, about five seconds later as he heard Gabriel's voice. "Fucking finally." He could hear his smirk in the words and he realized what had just happened.
Which was why it didn't surprise Dean to hear the door across from theirs open a few moments after Castiel went downstairs. The patter of small feet against a wooden floor then down the stairs told him it was going to be a long time before he'd get his angel  back.
It slowly hit him that he hadn't felt it that spark of joy since he took the ring off before work that morning. It wasn't safe to wear a ring while he was working on cars. That meant he had to take it off and put it in his locker every morning. He didn't like being parted from the ring, but taking it off kept both Dean and the ring safe. It also meant he started each day with a boost of positivity as he touched the grace infused band to pull the ring off his finger. At the end of the day, the grace helped him let go of some of the stress that build up during the day as he put it on again. It was so automatic by now, it was a given for him that he felt better on the way home. Today, he hadn't. He hadn't even been in the mood to take a quick shower at work after changing out of his overalls. Instead he had just been annoyed at getting grease on the inside of Baby, without having the mental energy to figure out what was wrong.
"So, this Santa Claus?" Jack asked after about ten minutes of driving. He cocked his head as he turned to Dean. "How does he visit every house in one night? Is he like a spirit or something."
"Cas listen... When you...." A tear slipped down his cheek as the words he tried to get out stuck in his throat. "I just... I couldn't even after..." He swallowed hard, willing the other to understand.
Dean swallowed his thoughts before he answered. "Uh yeah." He agreed. Once glance at Cas was enough to tell that he had no clue what had conspired between their brothers. Dean wasn't that keen on making it a subject to discuss so he was quite happy moving on to decorating. The tree really felt like something that belonged to all of them now.
"I'm looking for an angel." Dean announced as he walked up to the counter of the closest florist to his home. The florist working there was standing with his back towards Dean arranging a bouquet on the working bench across from the counter. He seemed so engulfed in his work that Dean doubted if he even heard him, but the guy turned around just before Dean wanted to repeat the statement. Dean couldn't help the blush creeping up as the florist looked at him. The bright blue eyes caught him off guard somehow, but he blamed it on the intens way that guy looked him in the eyes.
That seemed to break Dean. He turned to Sam, his eyes bloodshot and his cheeks wet. "Before he died, he told me he loved me." Dean said, his voice breaking on the word love.
Dean's eyes shot open as a the mattress dipped down a little before a weight landed on his chest. "Oof." Giggles filled the room at the exaggerated reaction. Although he still slept with a knife tucked under the mattress, he hadn't reached for it once in the new house. There was no need to feel unsafe with Cas next to him, keeping guard.
"Sounds busy." Dean laughed as he imagined having seven siblings over each year. The florist smiled at him as he turned around, showing him the flowers. "Is this okay?" He asked as he showed him one of the most beautiful and overly Christmassy bouquet Dean could imagine. "Looks perfect." He told him truthfully. As the other rang up the piece Dean took another look around the shop. "So is this your own place?" He asked impressed. The man shook his head. "No, but I've worked here since I high school, so it feels like I do sometimes."
After shaking her head, Jody continued to explain how everyone seemed to realize there was more going on between Cas and Dean, except for them. It was a sweet opening to their ceremony and Castiel appreciated her sentiment when she argued that those years in which neither of them realized they were in love weren't wasted time. He stroked the back of Dean hand with his thumb when he saw the other swallow away a lump in his throat.
"Thank you." He muttered. He wanted to tell him he liked being watched over now, but decided that was clear. It had to be.
Jack looked up from his drink. "Right, Santa. I do have another question. Does he only come when we decorate? Because he didn't come last year... Or do we have to summon him first, because if so, I would very much like to help with that." Sam and Dean exchanged a look, but Gabriel jumped in to save them.
He had really fucked it up, acted like a complete stalker without even realizing it. The rest of the day he spend feeling down. Horrified by what he realized, as well as dreading the day. Gabriel, Sam's boyfriend, was coming over for Christmas. Of course he was happy for Sam, but jealousy stung like a bitch. His brother had always been better at the dating stuff, while Dean never had more then the occasional night with a stranger, or a friends with benefits he kept until things got to complicated.
"I didn't know if you were into that stuff dude. I mean, you're still an angel. The only times I've ever seen you do any of that was a sort of performance or something. And like I said... Like I tried to tell you before, I'm fine with not having that if it ain't a thing for you. I mean, I want that, but... You know. It's about you, having you close." Dean took a step closer, and when he was sure Cas was okay with it, he took his hand. "I love you too, Cas." This time the words didn't falter, and neither did their smiles.
"I love you too Dean." Castiel intertwined their fingers and Dean could feel the power of the grace, of Castiel's being, course through him even more as the happiness of their shared life filled him. They stayed like that for some time, letting the emotions guide them. Eventually the fire died down to a smolder and Castiel got up to stomp it out. Dean's eyes were blurry with sleep and tears as Castiel stepped closer again and put an arm around his shoulders and another under his knees. Usually Dean would have protested to being picked up bridal style, but right now he couldn't worry about those traces of over-masculine pride he hadn't been able to get rid off. He clung to Castiel, pressing close to him as the other carried him to their bed.
Dean wasn't sure how to respond. He loved working on cars, but after five years of doing the same sort of repairs day in and day out, a change did sound appealing. Especially the idea of choosing which second hand cars they could fix up completely and make as good as new.  "It sounds pretty good actually."
"I should thank you for welcoming me to the neighborhood," Dean answered as he opened the front door for her. "Listen, the door is always open and I'll make sure Cas and I make use of your invitation to visit somewhere this week."
Back in the main hall, Jack and Dean were still working on the tree as Castiel twisted a long garlent around the rails of the stairs. When he was done he grabbed the box that said ornaments and moved it over to the two men. There were just a few plain Christmas balls in the tree now, but the box he brought had loads of beautiful unique little ornaments in them. The men of Letters must have really cared about Christmas, based on the sheer volume and care they put in decorating.
"Stop worrying." Dean told him, trying not to take it personal. "It might be small here, but don't rich people just call that cozy..." He asked, rolling his eyes at the idea of someone calling their place cozy. Before Sam had time to think about that or form an answer, Dean handed him the angel he had bought. Sam didn't comment on its less then traditional look, but just thanked Dean.  Dean could see how important this all was for Sam. Maybe he should show Sam that he knew this was a big deal. A small smile krept on his face as he decided to go back to that shop the next day after work and get something to 'cozy' the place up more.
Dean picked it from Sam's hand and smiled to Jack. "How about you and I put these on the tree first." He offered. Jack nodded and followed Dean.
Castiel had to agree that it was different, visiting Castiel or living there with him. "You're right." He admitted, trying not to focus on how much it sounded like Dean wasn't planning on visiting him at all.
"Couldn't keep your mouth shut?" Dean asked, sounding annoyed. He wasn't sure what to think. It didn't feel like Jack or Sam minded, and Sam's reaction was what he had been afraid of.
Dean played with his ring nervously as he waited outside of the office or the regional manager. Whatever he was being called in for couldn't be good. Even Brian, his location manager and direct supervisor hadn't been allowed to tell him what the meeting was about. The grace inside the ring helped calm Dean's nerves at least a little as Castiel's love and joy flowed through him with each touch.
"You... You want to live here?" Castiel asked, slightly confused as he looked at the house in the rearview.
He was glad everyone seemed to just follow along with Dean's plans. No one complained as the brothers and Jack all put on a coat and Dean insisted that Jack had to wear his gloves and hat. Dean told him that he could deal with some cold fingers, but didn't bother giving an argument to why the nephilim wouldn't be way better at dealing with the cold. The whole reason Jack had no gloves of his own was because the cold didn't bother him, but Dean seemed set on treating Jack like a little kid for once is his life.
Dean wasn't sure how long they were there, as he tried to resist the urge to just kiss Cas, like he anyways wanted to do when the angel looked at him like that. He couldn't do this. This wasn't him.
He looked up at Sam first, seeing that big goofy smile that might soon be reflected in the next generation of Winchesters. After carefully setting down the glass next to the one that said uncle Castiel, he pulled his brother in close to congratulate him. Cas was already hugging Eileen next to him. Tears of joy streamed over Deans face as he reached out for Eileen next, while Cas hugged Sam.
When Dean pushed his chair back, the sudden noise cut through the silence, making Castiel's stomach tighten. Dean was still rigid as he walked over to the cabinet, pouring himself a generous glass of whiskey. He swirled it around as his eyes fell on the papers again. After a large swig, he shook his head. "So what's the plan?"
“He thinks I’m the one that did something.” Cas shrugged. Even in his prayers, Dean still hadn’t apologized. Kevin huffed, rolling his eyes. “That sounds like him.”
Maybe Cas had kept it to prayer to avoid having to reject Dean outright and now Dean had messed that up for Cas as well.
Dean shook his head, but his eyes softened at the gesture. "Nah, but I do like it Cas, good choice." He complimented the angel. He sat down next to Cas to look through the box himself. His eye eventually fell on a little angel. There were a few in the box but this one had beautiful black wings. The rest of the angel was see through, casting sphere-like rainbow light on the blackness.
"I love you too." The words came easy and honestly. There would never be anyone else for him besides Cas and today they would celebrate that with all their friends. They lay there for a moment longer until Cas sighed contently. "We should probably get up. It's going to be a busy day." The spark in his eyes made Dean's heart beat fast.
Sam threw Dean his usual bitchface. "His brother asked him too..." He said pointedly and Dean could feel the subtext in those words. That's why Sam was here as well. Still not wanting to give in to easily, Dean rolled his eyes for good measure before Sam continued. "Anyway, we'll probably go skating on the ice-ring they put up in the square after he gets here. You want to join?" Sam asked, though both of them knew what the answer would be. "No to ice-skating and no to third-wheeling my little brother and his sugardaddy."
He didn't sound angry or upset, at least, not as far as Dean could tell. Levar was a good guy. The few Dean met him he never acted like his position made him more than any of the other guys. Even so, Dean couldn't help but feel nervous about the purpose of the meeting. No matter how hard the work was, he enjoyed his job and he liked his colleagues. The idea that they might want to let him go was terrifying, but there was no other reason he could of  for them to call him in here. "Good." There was a strain in his voice he tried to ignore. It was probably best to get any doubts out of the way quickly. "Just a bit curious about why I'm here, if I'm being honest," He answered as he returned the firm handshake.
There was a hard kick under the table and Gabriel winced visibly. Dean gave Cas a confused look and the other looked away, sporting a bigger blush than he had before. Gabriel looked smug, but Dean ignored him completely.  Instead he looked at Cas. He had his suspicions about what had just transpired but it seemed unrealistic. The table stayed relatively silent except for when they ordered the food.
Sam looked at Dean, who ripped his eyes away from his angel long enough to give his brother a quick nod. "Go to her, get to know her again. We'll meet in the bunker, it's got to be empty at this time."
Cas helped Dean carry the tree over to the pot they had already prepared. He knew he was staring, but the way Dean was smiling made it impossible to look away. Even when Dean was almost hidden behind the tree, trying to fill the pot with soil to steady it, the happiness of his soul shone through.
Cas kept his promise and half an hour before Sam and Eileen were supposed to arrive, Dean smiled as he heard the flutter of wings behind him. He grinned when Cas put his hands over Dean's eyes, reminding him of the evening Dean showed Cas his own personal beehive. He grinned, even after all that time, every touch still gave him butterflies. "You got a surprise?" He asked excited.
It was already half past four when they finished decorating. The bunker was now filled with garlands and Christmas lights, reefs and strategically placed mistletoes. Dean clapped his hands together. "Now all we need to do in build a snowman." He told them, and Sam started to wonder just how many Winchester Christmas traditions he had missed.
Castiel had half a mind to go up to up to heaven. Not even to get back at Dean, just to get away for a few hours. Maybe he could ask Bobby for some advice. He didn't want to leave without telling Dean, and he definitely didn't want to go up to their bedroom, only to tell Dean he was going away. But he didn't have it in him to go up there and act like everything was okay either. It wasn't okay, he wasn't okay. Maybe he could go up to heaven tomorrow while Dean was at work. Then they could spend the weekend calling off their wedding and debating whether or not they should still go on honeymoon.
It took Dean a second to realize just what Cas was saying but it slowly clicked. "So you're just going to scrap people that aren't important enough?" His eyes flew back over the page, going through Castiel's ranking. Their wedding was supposed to be a celebration of their love and their life together. How could they celebrate that if it meant telling at least half, but probably more, of the people they already invited that, on second thought, they weren't important enough.
The night flew by in a haze of stories and laughter. Castiel cherished moments like this. He knew they were in short supply. He barely noticed the time until Sam and Eileen announced they were going to leave. Jack got up as well. Although he could now afford to leave heaven every now and again, he still needed to be up there a lot, so the moments had to be brief. Everyone hugged eachother goodbye and soon it was only Cas and Dean left.
Cas seemed to notice the enjoyment as well. "Why have we never celebrated Christmas before?" He asked Dean when Jack was out of the room. "You seem to like it a lot. You always said you thought it was 'some crap to make people spend money'."
The other chuckled at that. "It is, I suppose. But it's more then that to me. People seem just a little more cheery around Christmas. And it's a family holiday so that nice as well. I've got four brothers and three sisters, so it's good that they are forced to come here at least once a year."
Bobby was a great help, but it was also nice to be able to talk to him again. He told Bobby about Sam and Eileen moving in together and about Dean buying a house and fixing it up. Bobby smiled proudly.
Dean looked into his eyes, feeling a low tingle in his hands as the pain started to eb away. He nodded softly. "Of course." He said in a voice so soft it was barely audible. Castiel smiled at that. He rubbed his thumbs slowly over the backs of Dean's hands.
He was lost in his thoughts when he suddenly heard the undeniable sound of Dean coming down the stairs again. Why was Dean still up? It was already 1 AM and Dean had work tomorrow morning. Dean stayed silent as he climbed down the stairs with Castiel eying him intently. Once he stepped into the kitchen he paused, staring at the floor. Castiel looked at him, waiting for Dean to meet his eyes. When Dean finally did, it was hard to look past how tired he was. But there was something else there.
"Thanks." Sam seemed to hesitate, like he wanted to say more. He made half a turn to leave, then turned again to hug Cas before awkwardly pulling away and walking out of the room again.
Eileen hugged him before she left to prepare Maura for flower girl duty. Now it was just him and Sam, both listening out for the music to que them it was time to walk to the altar.
It wasn’t until they all moved for  the same college that Dean on a drunken night admitted how brave he thought Cas had been, and how badly he wished he had been as brave back then. Even later on and even drunker he admitted how little his protection had to do with Sam and just how much it had to do with Cas himself. How he had always longed to know just what it would be to hold Cas’s hand, kiss his lips, call Cas his and to be Cas’s. Not a minute later he found out how all of it would be, and they hadn’t looked back since.
Castiel nodded, he didn't need a thank you for saving his friends, but it was clear Bobby felt like he needed to say it so he let him continue.
Castiel looked at Dean, before looking back at Jack. "no, about you know..." Castiel motioned towards Dean who pinched the bridge of his nose, wondering if there was any escape possible.
For some reason, Dean highly doubted that. It did feel good, knowing Sam knew. He had never doubted whether or not Sam would accept the relationship, but it meant a lot to have it comfired. "Thank you, for you know... Not turning it into this whole thing."
They sat in silence as Dean tried not to think about of canceling their wedding two weeks before it was supposed to happen. Maura and Bobby would grow out of the clothes Sam and Eileen bought them for the wedding. A lot of people were staying at hotels to attend, which they probably couldn't cancel anymore. What if Marjorie didn't make it until then? She was getting older, even if she was healthy, people didn't last forever, not even with an angel secretly healing them with his every touch.
Apparently he was spot on with his response, since Dean's excitement grew. "Yeah, but I like that sort of stuff. It's fulfilling to live in a house you practically built."
He would have prefered to just hear Dean say he didn't love him back if that was how the hunter felt. That meant they could talk about it, move past it even. Dean didn't afford him that and Castiel tried not to blame him. Dean had never been one to talk about his feelings unless it was forced out of him. And even if he didn't love Cas back like that, Castiel knew the hunter didn't want to hurt him. He didn't force Dean to talk about it, to reject him and hurt them both. Instead, he let Dean pretend like there wasn't anything unsaid between them.
At the mention of Castiel's last name, both he and Jody glanced at Claire. Castiel asked for her permission before Charlie logged into the government database and added Castiel so he could officially start his life with Dean like normal citizens. With the similar appearance, it was the easiest solution to cover up if something went wrong with the added registration, since first names got messed up a lot more easily than last names. She had taken some time to think about it, but called back two days later to give her blessing, as long as he would take Dean's name if they would ever marry.
Castiel returned to earth with a new found reassurance. He entered the bunker just as Dean came out of the bathroom in only a robe. Castiel couldn't help the flush, but Dean didn't seem bothered by how the angel had caught him. He had expected Dean to make some comment about it before the confession, let alone after he found out how the angel saw him.
"I didn't know if you were into that stuff dude. I mean, you're still an angel. The only times I've ever seen you do any of that was a sort of performance or something." Dean was right about that, but that was because he had never cared for anyone like he had cared for Dean. Dean swallowed hard, grabbing Castiel's attention again. He seemed to struggle with the word, and Castiel realized why Dean had only talked about this in prayer. "And like I said... Like I tried to tell you before, I'm fine with not having that if it ain't a thing for you. I mean, I want that, but... you know. It's about you, having you close." Dean took a step closer. Castiel could feel a happy warmth blooming inside as Dean took his hand. "I love you too, Cas."
Sam put a hand on his brothers shoulder, clasping it tightly. "I'm sure he'll show up eventually, I know he cared a lot about you."
Tonight was different. Castiel eyed the alarm on the bedside table again. 4:02 AM. Had it really only been half an hour since he last checked? Dean stirred on his chest and Castiel tried to put his focus back on enjoying his connection with Dean, hoping to fall into the others rhythm as he breathed. The feeling of his fingers running through the strands of Dean's hair.
Castiel nodded, looking at the house again. "That is true. It looks like it has a nice garden as well." He admitted, trying to match some of Dean's excitement. He could see relieve wash over Dean. "No you're right. I like it. Most houses here are kept up pretty well. If you want to work on the house yourself, it seems like this is the best choice."
"Yeah, it's hardly too early for that." Dean shrugged. "We've been living together since long before this thing started."
Dean's cheeks heated up as he pulled back. Gabriel rolled his eyes. "No need to stop now that you've already tested my gag reflex." He grinned. "When you two are done, dinner is ready. And next time, please give a guy a warning if you're going off somewhere to make out. I don't need to see that."
Dean knew that when he was a kid, Mary and John would work on a pie together after he went to bed on Christmas eve. He later realized they used it as a cover up for why they were walking around the house late at night as they put the presents under the tree.
"Don't call him him dumb for trusting what you say,' Castiel reminded her, knowing Jack had never been great with sarcasm. Claire rolled her eyes again before looking at Jack and nodding with a slight smile. "But thank you, Claire."
When they got to the house, Castiel was surprised to find not much had changed. He looked at Dean who just grinned, pulling up his eyebrows. "You'll see." He assured the angel, urging him to follow as he walked into the house. Cas followed, but nothing had changed inside either. As he was trying to figure out what was going on, he felt Dean step behind him, telling him to close his eyes before he covered them for good measure. The touch was so gentle, but that was why it stung so much.
Castiel could see the flush in Dean's cheek, the way he avoided Castiel's eyes. Castiel swallowed. Maybe Dean had responded, but Cas just hadn't heard.
Both of them stayed quiet, not quite meeting the others eye. Although Castiel had once again dried his eyes, Dean had to notice how badly he was doing. But as seconds ticked by, Dean didn't look concerned or worried. If any thing he just increasingly more annoyed. He eventually broke the silence with a sigh. "So I guess I'll have to order in?" He asked, taking out his phone. When Castiel didn't answer, Dean finally met his eyes, holding his gaze for a few second before looking down to order.
Castiel had relied on Dean his whole life. Back when they met in high school Cas had been friends with Sam, best friends actually, not that that had changed in the past few years. But back then it wasn’t as easy as it was now. When Cas came out and most of the school rejected him, or talked about him, it had been Dean that protected him. His reasoning had been that Cas was a friend of Sam’s and he was protecting Sam in extension.
He took a moment to look the garden over himself, before he removed the hands from Castiel's eyes. He quickly moved to see his reaction. It was as beautifully amazed as he had expected. Dean was proud of the work he had put into the garden, but he was even more proud of it as he saw it through Castiel's eyes.
Dean walked over as soon as the coffee was running and walked up behind Cas, resting his hands on Castiel's shoulders. Castiel had never expected Dean to seek out his touch that much now that they were open about their feelings, but he couldn't complain. The feeling of Dean touching him assured him Dean was still there with him. That he was safe and close and chose to be there with Cas. Hopefully there would come a time he didn't need that constant assurance but for now, both of them seemed to seek it.
"Awesome day," Dean grinned in agreement. "But we have have two more hours until we have to get ready. We don't have to get up just yet." He pulled himself closer to Cas, pecking his lips again.
"Sammy, Jack, how about you?" Gabriel out of the way so they could look inside the box. Sam got a little fake shiney candy cane and Jack got one of Santa in a sleigh.
It was too much to handle. Cas felt his knees getting weak as he gripped the bed with his free hand to stay upright. He stood there, looking at the man he loved, realizing this would be the toughest thing he would have to go through, and this would be the first time since high-school Dean wouldn’t be there to help him.
Dean followed the man over to the rack and took a look at what they had to offer. "Not really, but my brother is home for Christmas and he insisted on getting an angel for the tree this year." He explained, rolling his eyes at how how Sammy was trying with the decorations this year.
“Depends on what you’re thinking.” Cas said, and Dean was going to give him an extra blowjob for that.
"There is so much I don't understand about my emotions, but with you it's all simple," Cas says. "All through eternity I have felt lost, but the moment I opened my eyes all those days ago, I no longer felt untethered. I felt like I belonged, Dean."
Castiel knew he had to open his eyes, but the blinding pain behind his temples was making it difficult. In the back of his mind, he knew something was wrong, and with effort he pried his eyes open, blinking hard to focus on the room around him. Rough cobblestone walls stretched around him and as the walls got closer to the ceiling, intricate carvings of runes became visible, and Castiel recognized them as Eddnian. His own hands were bound behind his back to a pillar, ivy twisting around them and brushing against Cas’s shoulders.
"Still a common point," Dean argued. "If the neighborhood witch likes helping people get what they want then that's good, but people are falling dead."
In his fairly long existence, the passage of time has never been significant to Castiel. He had centuries behind him and centuries yet to come. But now, Castiel counts each second, doing the calculations in his mind over and over until it feels like a mantra that chants by itself no matter where he is or which demon he's fighting. It's calming in a way, while also frustrating—the ticking of time reminding him how closer he is to going back to the person he loves while also a reminder of the time he's losing with the very same one.
Cas nods, his Adam's apple bobbing as he swallows, releasing Dean's had to leave the kitchen in haste. Dean sighs, leaning back against the counter. Cas is quiet most of the time but when he talks he's bossy and mouthy about what he wants which is a sheer contrast from just a couple of seconds ago when Cas looked so afraid. The small card tower of hope in Dean's chest shatters when he realizes Cas would want nothing more than to get his graze back, to be that powerful cosmic being he once was. It shouldn't hurt this much, but it does anyway.
Cas jaw tightens, sad blue eyes looking at him, "You can't let yourself get hurt to protect the people you love, Dean."
Dean grins from the satisfaction of getting to push Cas's buttons. "What are you gonna do about it?"
"I thought that was already established from all the appreciation you received." Cas said, arms wrapping around his waist, and Dean debated whether to kiss him or kick him in the shin.
“It’s alright, Cas. You don’t have to explain anything to me,” Justin smiles, reaching out to pat Castiel’s shoulder. “Get yourself something nice with that money you skimmed off my friend.”
“My old man dragged me around wherever he went. Didn’t do me any good, trust me,” Dean says around the rim of his mug.
“Your safety,” Cas answered without missing a beat. Those stupid big blue eyes are sincere as it can be, because Cas never simply
“Lie down,” Cas reached to tug at his arm until Dean sprawled down next to him on his back, both of them staring up at the same ceiling. “There was a man I used to know a long time ago. He used to live in what is now Andaman and Nicobar Islands. He had a strict rule that he never broke, no matter what.”
“I have. To great extent, in fact,” Cas says, his hand on Dean’s back not pausing once. “I realize you prefer to self medicate over dealing with your feelings, but it’s not a long term solution, Dean. You wake up feeling worse than you did to begin with.”
Jaime tosses him the keys and climbs into the backseat, promptly falling asleep. He drives back to the town, the sound of fire engines blaring somewhere behind him drowned out by Billy Joel playing out of the speakers.
The clink of the coffee pot somewhere behind Dean is the only indication that Cas is awake. The bacon sizzles unceremoniously in the pan and Dean keeps his eyes glued to the task at hand, not wanting to cross any more lines than he thinks he already has. Cas doesn't come to stand next to him to peep over his shoulder like he usually does, nor does he grumpily ask why Dean didn't wake him up to help him cook.
"Eddnians are not Pagans, Dean," Cas supplied. "They don't feed on their victims, they simply feed off the satisfaction of having solved a dilemma for someone."
“That metaphor quite accurately describes you,” Cas hummed quietly. Dean’s nerves felt like they were on fire. He felt like a scum of earth, sitting wrapped up in the arms of someone who was nothing but good while there was a monster out there to kill. John would be rolling in his grave.
The chapters so far were from a single POV. From now on, it's going to be split POVs. Just a heads up. Hope y'all enjoy.
"Hi." Castiel smiled back at him, making Dean disgustingly gooey on the inside. "I made you some tea, it will help you sleep better." He extended another mug to Dean.
"It's Lucifer's markings, like a brand." Castiel trails his fingertips through the cravings. "They seem to have retrieved more from the crypts than we were able to."
“Dean, there is no point wasting time taking blame for something you couldn’t stop.” Castiel puts a safe distance between them, knowing the man can require space to sort out his feelings. “We will find Sam. They won’t hurt him, he is their leverage.”
“According to her parents, yeah.” Dean says, “She was pretty messed up after three of her friends went missing and kind of lost faith in the whole saving for Jesus crap.”
Since their last talk in the car, Dean hasn't exchanged a word with Cas, not even the usual forced pleasantries. He sometimes wishes it was someone else who pulled him out of hell. Some junkless angel who doesn't give a crap about Dean and not Cas, who's so full of goodness. Cas who would die for anyone in the blink of an eye. Cas who gave up his grace for Dean.
Castiel could feel the familiar slide of tension off Dean's shoulders as they melted into the kiss. Dean had been a little on the edge for a few days, as though he was waiting for something to happen, and Castiel reassured himself thinking it was just because of the wedding. Then again, Dean was more physical and affectionate than usual ㅡ not that he was complaining ㅡ so Castiel just let it slide.
—the kind you’d give your middle school girlfriend in the hallway before homeroom—and Dean’s heart is in his throat. It’s a knee-jerk disaster of a decision and everything topples down the hill when he feels Cas freeze.
Cas lifted his hand from where it was resting on the moss green wooden floor in response, eyes still fixed far away.
They gathered around for the reception and Dean gave his kickass toast, earning laughs from the crowd and scowls from Sam, and the best reward of a million dollar kiss from Cas.
Days simply merged into each other ever since Cas was gone, and Dean lived, because Cas wanted him to. He woke up every morning and went about his day, trying to give what he can to the world because it is what Cas wanted for him. Cas believed in him, and Dean trusted Cas even when he couldn't trust himself. Now, Cas is back, and Dean's world has come to a stop.
Castiel could still see the way Dean had looked at him, tears in his eyes, begging him not to do this. Begging to not tell Dean he loved him. That was all Dean answered before the Empty pulled Castiel from his moment of true happiness and  plunged him into a deep dark sleep.
"Guess he's got one of those faces." Dean said, wanting to change the subject, afraid it would trigger something somehow. "So, where is Sammy?"
They didn't bring the topic up anymore and Dean was grateful for that. When they went to sleep Dean looked at the Christmas tree before heading into his room. Sammy had always been the sappy one out of the two of them. Dean couldn't imagine wanting to put that much effort into something as useless as Christmas decorations, just to impress some guy.
"I love you." Dean's voice was low. In this room full of people, the statement was meant for Cas alone.
"Wait, what happened?" Jack asked confused as he played with his fork. "Gabriel just said the two of you were kissing in the kitchen."
Sam was already cleaning up the supplies he used when he answered that it wasn't a problem. They stayed in the bunker for a some time after the ritual was done. With the kids and work, it had been some time since he and Sam had last hung out with just the two of them. They reminisced about when they were still living in the bunker, hunting every day.  They talked about how Sam and Eileen planned their wedding and about how Castiel wanted his wedding to go until it was almost time for Dean to come home.
Dean grinned and told Gabriel he could use his angel mojo for the food, but Dean would take care of the pie. He had prepared it so far the night before. Cas had insisted he'd help Dean, for Dean would never admit he was grateful, not just for the help, but for the company.
"Well let's take a look." The man offered, getting out from behind the counter and walking over to a rack overstuffed with ornaments and other festive stuff. "What are you looking for? Something specific?" He inquired in that typical customer friendly voice almost every salesman put up. It annoyed Dean less than it usually did, probably because it made him feel less self conscious about how much he fumbled earlier, trying to describe a simple tree topper.
Dean smiled at him all night as they talked about Castiel's work in heaven or Dean's hunts. It was hard to crush that flicker of hope that still plagued Cas's mind. He had always felt it, whenever Dean put a hand on his shoulder or laughed at Cas's attempts at joking. Castiel never let himself ignore those feelings of hope or joy before, but now he knew those were nothing more than acts of kinship, not romantic love.
"If you say something like that when he is here..." Sam started but Dean just laughed. "Than he'll pay me to keep my mouth shut?" Dean filled in, getting even more on Sam's nerves. He could see Sam was about to start a fight so he lifted his hands in mocking innocence.
Dean snickered. "Santa's just a nice magic old fat man who likes cookies and Coke-a-Cola. We don't worry about him as long as he brings us presents. And he only brings them to nice kids." Dean told him, watching Jack from the corner of his eyes. The kid looked way too old to still believe in Christmas. Dean forgot sometimes that he was technically a two year old who had only seen the hunters side of life. It was fitting that he could believe in Santa and Christmas magic. They had definitely seen weirder things.
Dean asked for Cas's help on the house and Cas was happy to be involved. His days were tiring and filled with hard work, but everything was making progress. He was either upstairs, rebuilding heaven with Jack, or on earth, building a house with Dean.
“I’m leaving you alone to think about what you’ve done, maybe pray on it.” He shot at Dean before leaving the room.
That hurt. The way Castiel distanced himself from the word partner, like there could be anybody else for Dean. Had Dean really missed the whole point of what was happening. Was the whole confession some weird platonic angel crap and had Cas taken his confession the same way. "Maybe some day? Listen Cas, am I missing something here?" He couldn't keep the frustration out of his voice. How did he get it so wrong.
Castiel spend most of his time in heaven, helping Jack cope with his new responsibilities and helping him clean up the mess Chuck left behind. It took an effort to be in heaven, let alone be useful there. As Jack tried to resurrect and create more angels to strengthen heaven in the long term, in the short term it took a toll on the grace of the angels helping him.
Claire smiled back at them and Castiel was glad he could keep his promise to her. When he looked back at Dean, the other was still smiling brightly at him as Jody continued. "I don't think I exaggerate when I tell you that meeting Dean and later Castiel changed my life and I wouldn't be where I was today without these extraordinary individuals and I think many people here would say the same thing.  I remember that even before I met Castiel, Dean would mention him every so often. It got to a point where I had to ask Sam if there was something between Dean and that guy he kept mentioning. Even his own brother couldn't give me a straight a straight answer."
"Nothing... I just didn't think the two of you were moving in here together..." There was no judgement in his voice, but Sam did seem to be surprised. Dean sighed softly. "Yeah, I uh..." He looked away, it was uncomfortable for him to talk about it. He had kind of hoped that after all this time, it would be almost like an understood thing. "Me and Cas... You know. It's always been different right." He pointed out, still avoiding Sam's eyes. He could feel his stare and knew that his little brother was probably looking at him like he was proud of Dean, just for saying that. He didn't need this to feel like a big deal. "So yeah, house, partner. That's the american dream, right? Or at least as close as I want to get to it."
“Yes, after you volunteered him up to go to hell with someone who he described as Jack’s corpse… And I didn’t even stop it.” His voice got quieter when he realized how blind he had been.
"Gabe will be here around one probably. He got here today so he has to spend the evening with his family first." Sam explained, making Dean snort. "He's a grown ass man right? You make it sound like his mom told him to get home before he can go out to play."
The three entered the centre together. It was technically a church, but the leader, Claire Novak, had explained a few times why she didn't like that term as far as Sam had told Dean. Dean grinned as he saw the little rebel girl waiting for them. "Let's see, you're the groomsmen right? You must be Bobby and that means the two of you are..." Her gaze fell on Castiel for a second and she paused. "Uh, Dean and Castiel. You know, you look a whole lot like my father." She noted, eying Castiel with a grin.
"Yeah." Brian was sounding a lot happier than Dean would have expected. "I just called to see if you and Cas have found a replacement venue yet." The sentiment was nice enough, but why would Brian call, just to hear about the wedding.
They got into Baby, heading for the men of letters bunker. As Dean started the engine he looked at Cas, smiling. "I really thought I had lost you."
They showed Jack the whole house. Dean talked about how Cas had picked the colors and most of the furniture and Cas talked about how Dean had laid the floors and fixed the roof. The half hour passed like nothing until the doorbell rang. "That's Sam and Eileen. Sam must be so excited to see you." Dean told Jack.
Dean was still a little out of it, staring silently at his phone for another moment. When he looked up at Cas, the other looked worried. "That was what we needed..." Dean muttered, still in slight disbelief.
Castiel stopped his ramble by pressing his lips against Dean again, he could feel the tension leaving the other.
"I know," Cas assured him. "I just needed you there, and I didn't know how to explain what I needed. I just needed you to care about how I was doing. Thank you for coming back to me."
To think it hadn't even been worth everything they had gone through. The frustration, the long nights pouring over numbers... With all the stress planning brought, Dean had suggested eloping twice and Castiel started to consider waiting until Dean died because it had to be easier to organize all of this in heaven. Things at Dean's work had gone just as smoothly as planning their wedding had gone, which was to say not at all. Because of a massive delay in transportation, the machinery that was ordered for the new location still hadn't arrived so Dean and his colleagues were still working crazy hours every day.
Dean squinted, surprised by the fact that Castiel wanted to continue after that. He couldn't help but lean into the soft touch of of the angels hand. He had sort of expected this to be the last time he would be able to talk to Cas without avoiding his eyes. Apparently Dean hadn't been the only one pining, much to his surprise. The small smile he managed seemed to be enough for Cas to lean in.
Dean shrugged. "This ain't for me." He countered. "It's for the kid. I want him to have some semblance of normalcy."
"I'm just trying to come to terms with it all, you know." Sam sighed. "I don't feel like this place is... Right." He walked over to the railing, looking out over the endless horizon. "I had quite a life you know... You're sort of an uncle now."
Even when Cas' words don't make a lick of sense, the stubborn anger and frustration in his voice strikes a chord within him.
“Time has proven that it is a foolish way to deal with things,” Cas replied, his hand rubbing circles on Dean’s shoulders. “Was it something I said?”
Cas freezes, his last bit of consciousness and control stopping him from dropping the heart in his hand. Though, his own heart seems to be out of his control as it drops low past his gut and down to the floor.
"All right. Since that's settled, I'm heading to bed. Long day ahead." Sam suddenly spoke, reminding them there were more than just the two of them in the room. From the look on Dean’s face, he too seemed to have forgotten.
"I'm not, Cas," Dean shook his head, subdued. He felt Dean lean closer, shoulder hunching as though he was trying to make himself smaller. Something about the gesture struck a chord in Cas’s heart. When Dean spoke, his voice was soft, vulnerable even. "I would marry you– I mean, you're a h– cool guy...anyone would wanna marry you. It'd be, uh, great. Yeah."
"You don't look like a cat person." Castiel said, "Actually, you don't look like an animal person at all."
“Huh,” Dean considered the question, “I kind of think it’s something you build up. You find someone and you grow around each other and if it works out well enough, why bother if they’re your soulmate or not.” He said, “Why’d you ask?”
Dean navigated the crowd until he came to the dead center to see Cas kneeling next to the body of a woman, his hand pressed to her pulse point.
“Dammit, Cas. Just hear me out,” Dean snaps, and regrets it immediately. He doesn’t get a chance to apologize, as the door swings open and Sam barrels in. Impeccable fucking timing. Dean sighs, “We’re not done,” he murmurs to Cas.
"Man, it's the best feeling ever," Dean grinned. "Pushing down on the accelerator until all you can feel is the wind in your face and music down to your toes. Fucking life changing."
"Jesus, who even are you?" Victor asked, wrinkling his nose. "Take care spilling your secrets to your boss."
As soon as the words leave his mouth, Castiel’s heart comes to a screeching halt in his chest. ‘Home’ is something Castiel never considered he ever had or would ever have in the near future. The world was Castiel’s sanctuary. Once Dean came along, every loose end of his life tied up into a single knot around wherever the hunter resided. Castiel found
"I mean, why did the angels bother pulling me out of hell?" Dean asks, "Me out of all people, even after everything I…" The tightness in his throat keeps him from spilling his guts out at the thought.
Castiel watches the squirrels climb up the trees and the birds fly back to their nests, and all of these creatures feel a different kind of love. He remembers sitting in the same spot surrounded by nature; staring at the sky, looking for answers from a God who didn't know them himself. His existence involved having blind faith, questioning where humanity chose to put their faith, and by the end of it all, Castiel found himself questioning his own faith. What he realizes now is that every query of his always led to the same answer.
"I need you to give me something to work with, man." Dean says. "I've been batting a whoopin' zero here, trying to figure out what the fuck is going on."
"Hello, Dean." Castiel walked in, a neatly folded pile of clothes in his hand. "I bought you something to change into."
"No, man. I'm just taking inventory of all the stuff we have here," Sam replied. "What's up? Already bored with your mini-vacation?
“Thank you, Dean.” Cas stands to his feet, patting him on the shoulder. Dean resists every urge to pull the man closer. “You should get some rest.”
“What exactly are we looking for here?” Cas asked, leaning against the wall with no care in the world, as Dean unlocked the door.
"Look at you savin' my ass, Superman,'' Dean laughed hazily, fingers curling into the sleeve of Castiel's trench coat. His smile slipped into a wince as Castiel steadied him with a hand on his shoulder. "Hurts," he murmured petulantly.
The living room is a mess and Cindy is curled up on the floor, a flickering figure standing over her.
Until, one night, Cas broke down the door of that barn in Illinois and punted him all the way out of the field. Dean’s first thought had been a solid, passionate and heartfelt
There is a slight warning for a homophobic slur being mentioned in the beginning part of this chapter. It's just the recalling of a memory but it's there.
Cas tilts his head, brows knitted together and Dean can’t help but smile at the angel, feeling his heart pick up in his chest.
Dean stares at some show about a girl and her roommates running on the TV while the sound of Cas and Sam chatting lulls him to sleep. The last thing he remembers before being pulled under is the covers being drawn over him and a hand on his shoulder. Somehow, he knows it’s Cas.
"Doesn't mean you're planning to stay that way," Dean states, staring right back at Cas. Maybe them pushing each other away would make the inevitable separation easier.
"First things first, I'm sorry." Dean said, eyes trained to the floor. "I didn't mean to walk out on you like that. I was just being insecure and a huge dumbass in general."
That's all it took for Cas's features to soften, "You deserve that, Dean. After what you have been through, you are entitled to a vacation."
Eileen snaps, whacking Sam behind the head, other hand on her belly as though she’s trying to cover its ears. Dean's glad his brother married a firecracker.
"You should go find your husband, Nemiah," Castiel tells her. "If you want to spend the rest of your eternity in his heaven, with him, you can do that. There is nobody making rules anymore."
Heaven is filled with millions of human souls and finding Sam among them through the power of his grace is impossible. Perhaps, if it were Dean's soul, Castiel would have been able to identify it quite easily.
The line goes dead and waves of exhaustion rolls off Dean's shoulders. He presses the heel of his palm against his eyes, stomping down the tears threatening to spill. The door opens with a soft creek and Cas steps in, hair tousled by the wind and flakes of snow glued to those dark strands.
Castiel stowed his luggage and moved to his seat, and saw Dean sitting against the window, looking out through the glass.
Eventually they hung up and Dean tossed his phone on the coffee table and looked up at Castiel. "Sorry, they can be a little too enthusiastic."
“Groundbreaking news, Sam.” Dean rolled his eyes, his brain short circuiting at the thought. “I tried my best not to but Cas was too awesome to resist, both in and out of the sack.”
Irene hummed, straightening up and starting to pace back and forth. "You know, after I was back I took some time to catch up. Technology these days? Goddamn," she mused. "I heard some stories too, the apocalypse and then another…always
"Dean, I never really understood how you can speak so low of yourself." Cas says, nothing short of genuine concern in his voice. "You are the bravest man I have ever met."
"Maybe, this time…" Cas starts, the grin on his face growing wider, "this time, I might take her up on her advances."
“Jesus, that must have taken a toll on her,” Sam winces. “So, our culprit doesn’t want anyone to buy or stay in this house.”
“No, Cas. Shit, it’s never yours or anyone’s fault,” he pulled away with the intent of wiping away the guilt in Cas’s eyes that he knew was there. “I was just tired, Cas. So goddamn tired of burning the candle on both ends.”
Castiel clears his throat, "The previous attack must have been Zachariah's way of telling he had the upper hand, considering how he has Sam Winchester hostage."
“Which one of you is the best man?” One of the bridesmaids asked in a British accent, sweeping her brown hair off her shoulder. She was pretty, curves in all the right places and a snarky grin on her face. On a regular day, she would be the kind of girl Dean would have hooked up with.
"Just a moment," Cas pulls away, freeing one hand from where it's stuck between their bodies. Dean watches as Cas dips his hand into the pocket of his jeans and pulls something out in his clenched wrist. "I want you to have this," Cas says.
Dean has heard a lot of weird shit in his equally weird life, but this one takes the cake. Hell, it takes the whole goddamn baked goods industry.
"God," Zachariah scoffs, "Where is this God, Castiel? He created humans and left us in charge of those apes. Now we make the rules, Castiel. If you can't follow, you have other paths ahead of you."
He finds his way out of the cursed land, thunder and lightning booming like the sky is about to crash down on them. Heaven echoes with joy and hell screams in distress.
that settles in his gut any time he remotely thinks about moving on still remains as strongly as ever. There’s nothing in this world that can replace the piece of him that Cas took with him when he left.
“I think my water just broke,” Eileen tries to smile apologetically. Dean laughs so hard he ends up with tears in his eyes.
"More like he landed in my front yard lying unconscious on the ground," Dean shrugs, worrying his lower lip between his teeth.
“I assure you, Dean is not planning to sleep with anybody.” Cas stepped in, his eyes glaring murder.
The words seem to break Dean out of his trance and his eyes harden as he takes a step forward, involuntarily shielding Sam, and Castiel falls in love with Dean a little more, not realizing that was possible to begin with.
“He thinks he’s really funny.” Sam grumbles. “We don't need to scour the town. All these girls took their chastity oath from St. Augustus Church, downtown.” He says, “We can head out there and find the list.”
He flies to the bunker, knowing he won't find peace without seeing Dean, even if for one last time. The warding, he senses, has been lowered quiet substantially, probably due to the lack of impending threats looming over their heads. He doesn't doubt that Dean will try to shoot him if he materializes in the middle of the library, but Castiel has enough grace in him to sustain the injury. His only doubt is that if he will be strong enough to turn away after seeing Dean's face.
“That sounds like an interesting story,” Castiel encouraged begrudgingly, and from next to him, Dean let out a pained noise.
"Cas?" Dean blinks a few more times, finding it easy to focus on the angel without squinting this time. Cas doesn't glow like he did the last time he was awake, nor does he see any wings.
a dark suit and inside out blue tie framing him. He's attractive in a capturing way—defined cheekbones and razor sharp jaw with a five o'clock shadow—minus the fact that he is currently in the process of freezing to death.
This time Dean steps forward, raising his hand to Castiel's shoulder, "What part do you understand?"
The palm cupping his face, the lips on his and the hand resting on his hips, all of it feels so good, he can’t breathe.
"It's not been as hard as I had expected," Cas says, with a glance at Dean. He ducks his head, feeling the heat rise in his cheeks knowing where this is going. "Your brother has been really welcoming and considerate of my needs."
The silence that followed was not awkward or uncomfortable, just a silence, easy and comforting the way it always was with the angel. Still, Cas took one for the team and broke it.
"I can't, I have to go," Castiel shifts uneasily, eyes fixed somewhere past Dean's shoulder. "I need to find my companions."
"Yeah, Dean, are you feeling okay?" Sam asked, though his tone held no real concern, just amusement. There was a thudding noise under the table which he assumed was Dean trying to kick Sam. Castiel continued to watch him and Dean finally let out a sigh.
Dean swallows, ignoring the clawing in his throat, "She died after giving birth to Sam. I don't remember much, it all just happened so soon."
Castiel watches as Dean interrogates Theodore Steller’s widow, carefully observing the way Dean speaks to her with gentle words and a kind expression. Dean is getting impatient, Castiel realizes, from the way he taps his finger rhythmically against his knees.
“I think you know who deserves to have it,” Michael claps his shoulder. “I will have you escorted back to Earth. Good luck, Castiel.”
“Can we do this like a week later?” Dean takes a long pull from his beer, “So what have you been up to, Sammy?”
He lets out a watery laugh, "We've never been, Cas. Hell, we've never even been in the same book. I'm the crappy fourth sequel." He grabbed his clothes off the floor and got dressed quickly, turned away from the bed.
“Yes, I am,” Cas blinks, taking a step forward. Dean follows his lead, forcing his legs to up and start moving. They meet in the middle and Dean’s weight almost buckles from underneath his knees at the sight of unshed tears in Cas’ eyes. Cas smiles, “I had I promise to keep after all.”
“Now that’s biphobic,” he waggles a finger at Gordon. “‘Sides, you wish you could hit this,” he gestures at himself with a grin. It’s easier to slip into the mask around the people from work.
Outside, the sun sinks into the horizon sending glares of reds and oranges coloring the snow. Birds fly in silence, back into their homes, having done with their little tasks for the day.
"Hey, let it go," Dean reassured him, with a squeeze to his shoulder where his hand still rested. "There wasn't much you could've done. Her hocus pocus is too strong even for your mojo."
“Akobel. He’s the one who gave us the lead to find Sam,” Cas says without taking his eyes off the body lying on the ground. “I left him...
hands on Cas in return, makes him want to tear down the walls. And he doesn’t know what to do with that feeling. Cas isn’t his, and it’s not like Dean wants Cas to be his. It’s
Dean surges forward, cutting off Cas with another kiss. Strings of golden warmth make home in his chest, leaving Dean clutching Cas tighter to keep him afloat. Cas' hand thread into his hair, shooting lightning down to his spine.
Injuries were not new to him. Not on himself, not on Dean. After all, he was the one who rebuilt Dean's body and stitched it to his soul from the very first atom. He knew where each scar on Dean's skin remained etched to, and he knew the story behind each one of those. He could write tales worth the span of the universe regarding every single speck that made up Dean Winchester.
Since Sam and Eileen shipped him off to Colorado without letting him stay to help, Dean bargained to let him work on the baby room. It'd be a shame if the little squirt didn't have the best when her uncle was an architect. He'd picked a nice shade of mint green for the walls with a white ceiling to match the rest of the house. He even built the mobile from scratch, stringing shiny moon and stars together along with a bunch of his and Sammy's action figures from when they were young. He's pretty damn proud of how it turned out.
Dean spotted Ben and Claudia and waved his hand to get their attention, “Call an ambulance to get the body out of here.”
Castiel kicked off his shoes and sat on Dean's bed, crossing his feet. Dean sat down next to him, their knees knocking together.
"It's probably 'cause this isn't your thing. But that doesn't mean you can't do the job because I've seen you around the office." Dean pulled his hand up, pressing a soft kiss to his knuckles. "You're good at literally everything you walk past, Cas. But, if you feel like you need an out, you gotta take the exit. Whatever you choose, I'll be there for you."
Castiel swallows, swirling his glass, watching the amber liquid in it move in slow circles, "Jaime, I'm so sorry…"
"Of course, Dean," Castiel swallowed audibly, leaning closer to his side. "As much as it would hurt me to watch you go down that path, you're my family. I would've stayed and tried to save you for as long as I could."
"Still with the air quotes," Dean chuckles, and his smile is so fond, Castiel has to remind himself not to go searching behind the meaning of it all.
"We dismantled the- the means of communication between angels fearing interception." Camael stumbled with his words. "It was a strategically poor attack. We were able to defend off without much trouble."
“Dean’s about to call the Netflix office to ask for recommendations,” his pain in the ass brother yaps. Asshole.
"Burn that thing right now or so help me, I will Liam Nesson your asses." He turned around, pulling Cas in by an arm around his shoulder. "Guys, meet Castiel Novak.”
“I got nothing, kid.” Bobby shrugs, “Whatever it is, it’s huge and I’m not liking it, that much I can tell you.”
They cleared their plates and Dean grabbed his jacket, throwing it over his shoulder. The weather was still a bit misty from the June rain.
"Then why don't you like her?" Castiel shot back, grinning when Dean opened his mouth only for his words to fall flat. "I must say, the jealous husband role looks good on you."
"So very much," he replied, pressing a kiss to Dean's temple. "Anywhere with you is paradise to me, Dean."
More than one occasion, Castiel has wondered if their father will give him a sign to show him he is doing the right thing. Yet, he has never tried, hearing from the Almighty, a foreign idea in his mind. Castiel shifts uneasily, thinking a way to coax out something more from Zachariah.
"Uh, not completely," Dean replies, eyes fixed on the road. "My mom used to tell me stories about how my grandfather ran into one. She used to say how angels watched over me and Sammy before she tucked us in."
Dean wakes up feeling the empty space next to him, and rubs his eyes on the back of his palm. His question is answered when he sees Cas pulling on his coat and drawing his blade. Dean rolls out of bed, grabbing his own blade, hearing the far away commotion outside the tent.
of those,” Dean snapped, but the words didn’t carry any heat. “So, did Jamie’s husband dying trigger her into waking up or something?”
Cas opens his mouth to say something but there's a sudden yelp from the television and he jumps, gripping Dean's arm tightly. Dean snorts, extracting his arm from Castiel's grip and wrapping it around his shoulder. Cas stiffens under his touch and Dean starts to pull away, an apology already at the tip of his tongue, but then he relaxes, even leans into Dean's touch.
“Goddammit, Cas. I just told you I loved you,” Dean huffed out a laugh despite himself. “If we start listing our soap opera moments, we’ll be here all day.” Cas looked away sadly and Dean lifted his hands to cup his face. “Every time you screwed up, you did it to protect me and Sammy. You’re nothing but good, Cas. Hell, none of us are perfect but fuck that.”
The cabin looks much better than the last time he and Benny had come over. It took more than a month of work and a sore back, but the place turned out to be pretty gorgeous. A single story cabin made of Mahogany and Walnut, snug and pristine with an open floor plan and storage space in the attic—moreover, a huge steel—was something Dean couldn’t just let go. Sure, the chairs had wobbly legs and nearly every door creaked, but it was more than habitable. The view was something indescribable—stretch of clear blue sky roped by a never ending line of rocky mountains—and the place is relatively safe; nothing but a few rodents to worry about, and Dean's sure he could one up a Chinchilla or two.
“Everything you did, you did for the right reasons, Dean,” Castiel replied. “My point here is that no matter who or what you turned out to be, I would never be able to hurt you.”
"Sam," he plucked the card from between his fingers, handing his own to her. "If anything comes up at all before we meet next time…"
"It's fine. We don't need the hospital staffs poking around too much, or worse, calling the cops," Sam replied. "He'll be fine with some rest."
Cas squeezes his shoulder, "If it helps, your mother was right. Angels have always been watching over you."
Dean’s never been the one to respect traffic rules out in Kansas just out of spite because he never gets to drive in Chicago. It’s faster to ride a turtle to work than try to drive Baby during rush hour traffic, so he begrudgingly became a subway man. But now he’s got his leg pressing down on the accelerator hard. Eileen has another contraction and Jo says they’re six minutes apart and it’s all good until they start becoming four minutes apart or less. Dean racks his brain to try and remember anything he learned about pregnancy in ninth grade biology but all he can think of is being too horrified to actually pay attention in class. They pull into the parking lot and Jo scrambles to get Eileen a wheelchair while Dean helps her out of the car.
“It’s not a problem, the kid’s an angel,” Jody said with a small smirk, making Dean laugh. “Seriously, though, I’m happy to watch him any time. I know how hard it can be to get some time to yourself when you’ve got a kid. And I hope you and Cas made the most of your night.”
“You’re welcome.” Castiel took a deep breath and concentrated on pulling his latent grace to the surface. Once he could feel the power thrumming beneath his skin, he reached his hand out to cover the top of her head. It took only a moment and a brief flash of light for her to disappear. Castiel stumbled backward as his grace flared and faded and Dean reached out to steady him, wrapping an arm around Castiel’s waist.
The basement was unremarkable. A packers dirt floor with brick walls and only a single lightbulb that flickered overhead.
“I’ve tried to get their attention,” she continued sadly, “but never to any avail. How did you know that I was here?”
When Dean stubbornly remained silent, Castiel sighed and asked, “Why would I lie to you about that? Dean, we live together. We’re raising a child together. We’ve fought beside each other and sacrificed for each other. I rebelled against heaven because you asked me to. I asked you to marry me. There is nothing you could ask of me that I’d deny you.”
The easy domesticity that had followed had Castiel in a near-constant state of longing for something he couldn’t have. But having Dean here at all was more than he’d ever expected to have and he wasn’t going to risk pushing him away.
“I believe he’s recharging my grace,” Castiel said as Jack’s chubby little hands continued to pet his face. “Like a battery.”
“I could try to get off work early enough one afternoon this week so that we could go down to the courthouse,” Dean said as they settled into the chairs on the porch.
When she stopped and looked at the expressions on Dean and Cas’ faces she said, “Wait. Are those books, like, based off of real things?”
“I’m sorry too, Cas. For all of the times I pushed you away. I was such a dick to you sometimes… I’m not sure why you want me at all,” Dean said morosely.
“Alright,” Dean said, settling back down across from Castiel to continue whatever he’d been reading on his phone.
“I thought it was a really fucking stupid plotline so it just stuck in my brain,” Abby said with a shrug. “Sorry you had to actually live it. Can I ask just one more question?”
Castiel looked over at Dean’s face, his beautiful, familiar face and finally admitted, “I love you, Dean.”
“Ghosts aren’t real, babe,” Abby said softly. “We’ll get everything sorted out soon. I don’t want you to feel uncomfortable in your own home.”
Castiel reached his hand out to cup Dean’s cheek, pulling him back in. Dean’s lips parted easily under his own and Dean melted against him as though he’d been longing for this just as much as Castiel had been.
“Fine,” Dean said, he never could say no to Cas. “I’ll pick him up, but you might want to at least get up and put pants on before we get back.”
The next morning, Dean turned off his alarm with a groan and stretched his sore limbs, joints cracking. Despite the layer of fatigue, he also felt satisfied on a bone deep level. The night before had just been further proof that he and Cas clicked on a level that he hadn’t felt with anyone ever before. They just worked together well on every possible level.
“Do you have a card or something for his shop?” Abby asked. “Leah’s been complaining about this rattling noise in her car for weeks but she refuses to bring it anywhere because she’s convinced that every mechanic she’s ever been to is a scam artist. You didn’t marry a scam artist, right?”
Hello! I just want to start by saying a giant THANK YOU to everyone who's given comments or kudos to this fic or recommended it, it means so much!!! This is such a huge fandom, I honestly never expected this story to get this much attention and I appreciate it more than I can say.
“Sounds like a shifter, twenty miles outside of Dallas. Shower and get packed, it’s already killed three people.”
“And… your partner?” She’d asked hesitantly, as though he may be angry if she’d assumed incorrectly.
Castiel rushed to reassure him, “Dean, that’s not at all why I’m hesitant. You’re one of the most charismatic and engaging people I’ve ever met. I’m worried that I’d make things awkward, you know I’m still not great around people. I’m not even sure if she’d want to be friends outside of work.” It wasn’t a lie, just another thing that Castiel worried about.
“He actually told me that I should invite the two of you to dinner,” Castiel said casually, hoping she wouldn’t find the invitation odd. He hadn’t closely considered her not wanting to be friends outside of work until he’d given that excuse to Dean, but now it was something he’d made himself concerned about. “We’ve been so busy that we haven’t made many new friends in town yet, even after a year here.”
On top of not speaking to each other, neither Dean nor Sam had been to be speaking to Castiel. It made for an awkward dinner as they had all silently eaten the sandwiches that Castiel had thrown together with the only remaining food supplies in the fridge. Dean had been eating his single handedly, his other arm cradling Jack who had been sleeping after loudly refusing to let go of Dean ever since Dean had gotten back.
“What?” Castiel choked on the sip of coffee he’d just taken, feeling a creeping sense of dread. Jack laughed happily at Castiel’s coughing fit while he smashed blueberries into the table, clearly unsympathetic to the situation.
Jody laughed, “Literally any drug store. It’s only a couple dollars a bottle if you’re not getting the nice stuff, and trust me you don’t need the nice stuff to paint a toddler’s toes.”
Almost everything had been exactly as he’d left it. Not that that was surprising, as he’d had very few belongings that he kept to begin with. The only difference had been that the photo he usually kept on his desk, a candid of him and Dean that Charlie had sent him back when she was alive, was missing. He’d made a mental note to ask about it in the morning and kicked off his shoes before lying on the bed and falling immediately into a dreamless sleep.
“Dean,” Castiel hadn’t known what to say. He’d never seemed to know what to say to Dean anymore. Not that he ever really had in the first place, but it had been worse since he’d come back, more stilted. As open as Dean was around Jack, he had been equally closed off to Castiel.
Thank you so much for reading this fic! I really enjoyed writing it and I hope you enjoyed reading it!
“So,” Dean asked loudly enough that his voice carried across the kitchen, “should Cas and I start looking around now, or should we wait until after lunch?”
“I can help you fake a resume,” Sam had offered. “And maybe figure out how to falsify college records. I know Dean will be able to get a job pretty easily without that since he’s handy, but you’re probably looking at more office-type work and you usually need a degree for that.”
“I would be honored to be your husband,” Castiel said and he and Dean smiled shyly at each other until Jack took advantage of their distraction to grab for the bottle of maple syrup sitting open on the table, dumping it all over himself.
It had been a quiet concern of his that Dean might change his mind when confronted with the reality of moving away from Sam. That fear never came to pass, though. There were several times when Castiel had come across the brothers having a hushed, serious discussion, but those discussions had never led to Dean backing out of his promise.
“I want to find a house,” Castiel had said carefully. “Jack should grow up someplace with windows and a yard to play in. Somewhere safe, where he has the space to live like a normal child.”
Dean huffed a laugh, “No, we’re not in hell right now. And uh,” he glanced over at Cas who nodded slightly at him, “Cas saved me.”
The translucent figure of a woman wearing a long dress materialized in front of him. He could feel Dean move closer, hovering just behind Castiel’s shoulder.
“No. We stick to our actual day jobs these days. We want Jack to have a normal life, you know? We both had shitty dads, but we’re breaking the cycle and all that.”
“It was a ghost,” Castiel answered, deciding that the truth would be the best approach. “It’s gone now, though. You won’t be bothered again.”
“Not your fault, man,” Sam had said, reaching over to pat him on the shoulder, “We’re all just glad you’re back.”
Everything about Jack was perfect. His round little cheeks, bright blue eyes, fuzzy blond hair, Castiel could spend hours observing every tiny detail. He did just that, taking in everything about Jack that he could in the light of the passing streetlamps as they drove back to the bunker.
At first, Castiel hadn’t known what to expect living with Dean. His fears had turned out to be unnecessary, he’d realized, as they had quickly fallen into an easy routine.
“I wouldn’t expect any of the romantic or sexual elements of marriage, of course,” Castiel clarified to reassure him. “You’d be welcome to continue to have encounters with women, though I would prefer if you did not bring them here.” It was hard to say, but Castiel didn’t want Dean to make himself miserable out of some misplaced sense of duty.
As Castiel had predicted, the allure of bubbles was dulled by the freezing weather and they were back inside after less time than it had taken to get Jack ready in the first place. It had, however, tired Jack out enough that he happily settled in to quietly play with his blocks while Castiel took some time to tend to the plants scattered around the ground floor.
“Good,” Dean said with a nod before pushing his chair back from the table. “Now that we’ve cleared that up, I’ve gotta head out.”
Castiel thought about it for a moment, “No thank you, I don’t think I’m hungry yet.” He still wasn’t the best at reading his human needs when they arose, but Castiel often found that he didn’t want to eat first thing in the morning.
“Oh,” Castiel said, looking down at his plate. He’d certainly noticed a decrease in Dean’s sexual encounters but he’d had no idea they’d stopped completely. They both sat in silence for a few minutes that was broken only by Jack’s happy babble as he ate his breakfast, unaware of the tension around him.
“You’re telling me this house was actually haunted and you exorcised the ghost?” Abby asked, sounding stressed.
He’d been in the middle of figuring out how to work the coffee maker since Dean had always had it running before him. When Dean had cleared his throat from the doorway, it had caused Castiel to startle, “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have been touching that.”
It was a fantastic party in the end. The food was fantastic, even Dean admitted that getting catering was the right choice, and everyone talked and danced until the sun had long gone down and the fairy lights they’d strung around the yard were the only thing lighting the yard.
Sam had given him a look like Castiel was missing something obvious, “He did it so he could take care of Jack. He’s been really serious about doing everything right for him.”
“Morning, sunshine,” Dean said as soon as Castiel walked into the kitchen. The sun had barely started to rise, but the kitchen lights bathed the room in a welcoming golden glow.
“Nope, just weird. But what in our lives fucking isn’t?” Dean said. “Come on, let’s get home. I’m still looking forward to the rest of the night of you, me, and an empty house.” He flashed a suggestive wink over at Cas.
“We will be,” Castiel responded with a smile. As soon as she was gone, Castiel slowly walked the perimeter of the basement until he found a spot where the energy he could sense felt strongest.
“No, of course not,” Castiel rushed to clarify. “I was only wondering. I know this has been an adjustment and I wanted to be sure that you’re still happy here.”
It was hard not to laugh as he thought about Dean’s trail of fake FBI badges and hacked credit cards.
partners in every way that mattered except romantically. They lived together, had fought battles alongside each other, and they were co-parenting a child. It was also just the most straightforward explanation he could hope for.
“Well who am I to deny that,” the way Dean smiled at Castiel could only be described as fond, something that made Castiel feel warm all over. Sometimes Dean looked at him so fondly that Castiel wondered if he wasn’t actually alone in his feelings. But then Dean would clap him on the shoulder and call him buddy and the illusion would be shattered. It was something that Castiel was used to, and still something he wouldn’t trade.
“How did you even get into this kind of stuff?” Abby asked. Castiel decided to let Dean do the talking as he could feel the room starting to spin.
“For so long it was just me and Sam against the world.” Dean said and Castiel could feel him shift to look straight across the yard. Castiel looked over to where Sam was dancing with Eileen, laughing as she tried to dip him, certain that Dean was watching too. “And I realize now how unhealthy that was. We’re both doing so much better now that we’re not living in each other’s pockets and constantly sacrificing ourselves for each other. It’s kinda funny actually that he found a place for himself and is thriving in the life he always tried to escape from while I’m the one married with a kid,” Dean laughed, his breath tickling the shell of Castiel’s ear. “Never saw that one coming.”
During his first week, he’d brought photos in to decorate his desk, something that appeared to be customary in the staff office. He’d chosen a photo of himself and Claire, a group photo from the last time Sam and Eileen had visited, and right in the middle was a photo of Dean holding Jack.
“I think I may go lie down for a while,” Castiel had said, voice low. “I’m still feeling a bit tired, my grace isn’t back to full power.”
“Yeah, makes more sense to just wear things you can toss in the washer and not worry about. I can talk you shopping at some point if you want,” Dean had offered.
Jack didn't seem to notice any discomfort as he was busy pulling his socks off to shove his feet in Cas' face.
“I know I’m not exactly smart enough to keep up with you academic types, but I promise I won’t embarrass you,” Dean said. His tone was joking, but Castiel could see the insecurity clearly written on his face.
“Sweet dreams,” Castiel said, hoping that he’d have enough grace tonight to make sure of it. Soothing Dean’s nightmares was a years-old habit that it was hard to break.
Castiel turned and saw Abby and Leah standing at the base of the stairs, staring at the spot where the ghost had vanished and clutching each others hands.
Cas smirked back at him, “You have been very patient this week.” His voice was a low rumble that sent a shiver down Dean’s spine. It had turned out that Cas was kind of bossy in bed and Dean was kind of incredibly into that.
“Never wanted anything more in my life,” he admitted, throwing the pretence out of the window, deciding it was time to put on his big boy pants.
Castiel felt the steady rise of heat climbing up his cheeks and ducked his head. When he looked up, Dean was right in front of him, their faces inches apart. Castiel recalled the vague memory of a conversation they had about personal space all those years ago, realizing Dean was breaking his own rule.
"Uh, I'm good," Dean nods, eyes fixed on the screen, trying not to be upset when he feels Castiel's touch withdraw. "Dude, I think we should start with Jurassic Park. It's about dinosaurs, but you've probably seen the real deal so you can tell me all the inaccuracies."
"My apologies, I should have explained that better," Cas leans forward. "When an angel loses their grace, it tethers itself to some force of nature. It could be any planet or galaxy, though from the very few cases of such an occurrence, most of the time it has been on Earth which might be due to this planet being so diversely alive."
"I'm just trying to make up for all the dudes I bang." Dean shrugged. "And Sammy's gotta make up for his Rapunzel hair."
“It’s fashion, grandpa. You wouldn't know,” Ivan pats him on the back on his way out, and Castiel once again regrets not catching up with the youth.
"Yeah," Dean says, pushing open the door a little. Cas is lying on his stomach, blue eyes struggling to focus on him. He's so deeply buried in the blanket, Dean would've missed him if it weren't for the tuft of dark hair poking out from under the contrasting white comforter. "Sleep well?"
“That’s pretty cool.” Dean admits. He never thought he’d get to go to heaven, but having an angel boyfriend does the trick.
Dean pushed himself up on his knees, away from the warmth of Cas's hand and moved to the sink, brushing his teeth and washing up all while feeling Cas's eyes on his skin like a physical thing. He deliberately kept his eyes away from the mirror, not wanting to know what might look back at him.
He had resigned it to the separation from his grace for a while but deep down he knows it isn't that. He feels tethered to Earth the way his grace feels—
“A group of angels led by Raguel and Nathaniel attacked us once we managed to open the crypt.” Ambriel replied, unimpressed.
Dean leans back on his elbows, watching the sun slowly sinking down. "Is there day and night in heaven?"
“Of course,” Cas practically sprinted to follow Dean’s instructions and Sam finally understood. It was probably Cas’s first time seeing someone injured and having to stand there helplessly instead of healing them with a touch, and Dean wanted to give Cas the feeling that he was helping in some way. It never stopped surprising him how attuned Dean was to each flicker of emotion on Cas’s face.
"’Cause I feel like you're smart enough to know a bridge goes both ways," Dean replied. "Come on, you have no idea how much any other monster would kill to be the one to take a Winchester out. I'm talking celebrity status."
He laughed, "No, Dean. I rebelled against heaven merely days after I met you. What makes you think I'm going to stop now?"
"I'm great, Cas." Dean sits down next to him, enough distance between them for him to not want to curl into himself and disappear. "How are
It doesn’t take Cas long to notice his presence. “Hello, Dean.” It’s gentle and kind as always, like he sees something in Dean that he himself cannot find.
"You watched me at my worst, Cas. You were at the receiving end of it sometimes," Dean choked out, anything and everything to try and not feel like the earth was spinning a mile a minute. "You can't…"
"Dean." Castiel slid his hands around Dean's neck and slotted his feet around Dean's middle, pulling him in as close as possible, burying Dean's cock deep inside him. A hand wrapped around his cock, and Castiel cried out in pleasure, his heart beating loud in his ears.
“Castiel.” Dean says, as though testing out how the three syllables feel on his tongue. “I would offer you a beer but I'm not a fan of demons."
“I thought I was gonna lose you, Cas.” Dean murmured against his skin. “You said it was just out of impulse and…”
“I’m not blind, Dean,” Sam groused. “I’ve seen you swallow your tongue enough times. Just tell him how you feel.”
Castiel snorted, sharing the sentiment. He adjusted the weight of Dean against him, who now had his arms wrapped around Castiel's waist and his face tucked into the crook of his neck. For a man considered so dangerous, he was quite adorable.
The next thing Castiel heard was Dean's cry of pain and nothing else mattered. He was not sure why Sam wanted him to wait. He began to move but Sam stood up, grabbing his own machete and walking towards Irene from the side. He gestured at Castiel to reach her from her back, and Castiel nodded in understanding, moving a pace slower behind Sam.
“Bobby and I will head down to the Church and get the list.” Sam says. “You three can go talk to the vics’ families.”
“I will actually punch you.” Dean threw a hand over the back of the couch, thereby around Cas, but not really.
"I know, Dean," Cas says, a fond smile on his lips. "I would have told you so if I were uncomfortable with the idea."
So that was where they sat for what could be hours, enjoying the rare moment of steadiness and unhurried breaths, a fleeting moment Castiel wanted to savor before it inevitably fizzled away to another apocalypse to diffuse. Every glance at Dean through the corner of his eyes only solidified that it was all worth it.
Dean lifts his head, green eyes looking up at him with an unreadable expression, "Would you do the same for me or Sam?"
"I've got a shit ton of questions to ask about literally everything in the universe, but," Nadia paused, catching her breath. "How's it being human?"
"Cas?" Sam gapes, altering between wanting to lower his gun and shoot something at the same time. "Is it really you?"
"Good. Can't afford to fail that one," Dean leans forward and kisses him sweet and slow. "Let me take you home?"
After nearly an hour of searching, all Castiel knows is that a vengeful spirit is at play here, which was substantially more information that he deserves on the first day working a case. He sighs, already penciling in a scroll through the internet for Clayton’s background. This, as dramatic as he is being, is the absolute worst part of hunting. Technology is still not his strong suit and probably will never be, and he himself doesn’t know how he came this far along. It is in these times he thinks that he took his angelic abilities for granted, but the burden of heaven and hell makes the internet feel less of a nerve wracking task.
The following weeks were spend working on the house full time. Dean took the weeds out of the front yard and made a little pathway, he build a nice deck and refurbished some old chairs so they'd have a nice place to sit in front of their home. The garage was cleaned up and the driveway was repaved before Baby got her own spot. It was hard work and he was sweating and aching at the end of each day, but he was proud of what his efforts accomplaced.
"Castiel Novak," Jody started. "Do you take Dean Winchester to be your lawfully wedded husband? Do you promise to uphold the vows you made before him and love him, comfort him, honor and keep him for better or worse, for richer or poorer, in sickness and health. To be faithful only to him so long as you both exist?"
"You know," Marjorie smiled as she stepped outside, looking up at the sky with a grin. "Just before my Cas passed, he told me he'd sent an angel down here to make sure I was okay. I think he meant it." She took Dean's hand, just as she had done after hearing hearing her late husbands name. Only this time, she was smiling. "It really means a lot that you are willing to listen to me ramble on. It was nice to meet you Dean."
Castiel rolled his eyes. "Humans shouldn't do that." Cas corrected him. "Jack would have been fine. You on the other hand..." He gave Dean a pointed look.
Cas leaned in for a kiss the moment their eyes met. Their lips barely touched as he cupped Dean's cheek. His thumb bristled against Dean's stubble. He was looking right into Dean's eyes,  filling him with warmth as those soft lips formed a smile against his. "I love you." Castiel didn't move back to speak and Dean could feel the words move through him as their lips brushed together with each word.
"Any time, old man," Claire grinned. "Are the two of you ready to go?" She fished her car keys out of her pockets to drive the three of them to the garage.
"I thought this was going to be the house for you and maybe someday a partner." Castiel admitted, seemingly ashamed of the assumpion.
There was no way Castiel had forgotten about him yet. He couldn't even look Dean in the eyes.  Dean considered introducing himself, since he hadn't actually done that yet, but Gabriel broke the silence before the awkwardness forced Dean to do so.
Gabriel touched his shoulder. "How about you hitch a ride with me. I can't wait to get out here. This room isn't big enough for all the sexual tension those two are trying to hold."
It wasn't long until Castiel returned with a plate a of hotdogs wrapped in bacon and another plate with everything to make smores. Back when he was human, Castiel loved trying new foods and discovering new flavors. It was something he still missed every now and again. The only food he could really taste now was the occasional spoon of honey. There was something about honey that still had a real taste, like he could taste the combination of the nectar the bees used. It wasn't a surprise to him that old deities preferred honey wines and nectar.
Cas kissed Dean’s hand as the nurse gave them a half smile and asked Cas to step out so she could run some tests now that he woke up. Cas kissed the hand again as Dean’s eyes closed again. “I love you.” He muttered as their hands disconnected. “I love you too.”
But even though their actions didn't change, the intent behind them did. Where Dean would usually try to ignore how happy he felt when Cas put a hand on his shoulder, he could now enjoy the butterflies that fluttered in his stomach. So although nothing changed, everything did.
The plan? Did Dean really believe Castiel would have been so distraught if he had a good plan? "I'm not sure," Castiel admitted softly. "I've tried looking for other places, but every venue that's big enough for over two hundredth people is fully booked for months."
Apparently they had severely underestimated how much work would have to put into the organization, the guest list, the menu... It also didn't take them long to realize that having a 'modest wedding' wasn't the most realistic idea for two people that knew and had saved dozens of people all over the US. After determining their guestlist, they had a large group of hunters, ex-hunters and hunters in training, a few angels they had grown close to that Jack had resurrected, other people that had helped them along the way, Dean's colleagues and the neighbor's they had grown quite close with. All in all they had over 200 guests they didn't want to exclude, turning it into quite a big wedding after all. Which would have been fine in and of itself. It had caused a lot of stress, but after months of planning, everything had been thought out perfectly. But that hard work unraveled within a ten minute phone call.
Castiel bit his lip. Was dean really saying what he thought he meant. Of course Castiel hadn't forgotten he wasn't a man of letters, that he had no rigth to live in the bunker now that neither of the brothers were with him. He had hoped that after all this time, Dean wouldn't mind. Apparently he did. "I know I'm not a man of letters, Dean." He admitted, unable to keep the emotion out of his voice. "But it's been my home for so long, you can't just expect me to leave completely..."
With a deep breath, Dean rolled onto his other side, facing Cas in near darkness. The soft smile on the angels face was impossible not to return. Cas was here, with him. He wasn't leaving. With that in mind, Dean scooted closer, until he was finally pressed up against the other.
Castiel was still sitting behind his laptop, the papers were now organized into three neat stacks. Castiel barely acknowledged Dean when he entered, he only glanced up once before his eyes fell back on the screen. Ignoring how blatantly Cas was ignoring him, Dean waited in front of the stairs.  When Cas didn't get up on his own accord he announced "I'm heading up to bed."
Dean grinned. "Since you said would it would take you some time to get back, I figured I might as well make use of that. Oh there's more. If you don't mind staying for a little. You can see the lights go on when the sun sets. I can start a fire, get a blanket maybe?" As much as he tried to make it seem like a spur of the moment decision, he thought about it often while Cas was in heaven. Although they had their jokes and the prayers, they didn't have a lot of quiet moments for just the two of them. As much as Dean enjoyed just being with Cas the way they were, he sometimes longed to spend a little more time exploring the new aspect to them. Just some quiet time together to figure it all out.
Cas smiled softly as he looked at Dean through his lashes. Dean registered the blush on Castiel's cheeks as adorable, before realizing he was sporting quite the blush himself. Dean sat down, trying to look anywhere but at the man he wanted to look at. When he dared to bat his eyes Castiel's way, he found the other looking at him as wel. Then he quickly looked at Sam instead before something appeared to click. "So. you're the one that wanted a traditional Christmas?" he asked. Dean could see Cas smile again as Sam looked over to Gabriel. Castiel knew how much effort Sam had put into impressing Gabriel, because Dean had practically told him. "How did you like the flowers?" He asked Sam.
"He misses you too, it's just hard for him to get away. He has to make sure everything is taken care off first. Sometimes I think it's too much for him to be up there the whole time, but Bobby assured me he's all handling it very well." Castiel had taken some time to talk to Bobby to ask for Dean's hand. Bobby of course laughed at him and told him that was their own business. But he seemed happy about Castiel's plan. "Bobby says hi as well. He told me to make sure you stay away from him for a long time."
"Oh, you mean a treetopper." The man behind the counter suggested, to which Dean nodded. "Yeah, a treetopper, I guess." He confirmed. The tension had completely disappeared and Dean wondered if he had imagined it all, based on one confused look.
Sam hit him in the arm and Dean wasn't sure if he should get angry or if he should laugh at it, so in stead he made an uncomfortable cough before offering the couple something to drink. The more they talked, the more Dean understood what Sammy saw in this guy. He was from a big family of bankers, and he could  had gotten plenty rich from that. He admitted it was still and advantage. But he had chosen to become a lawyer instead because his whole family fought about money the whole time, and he wanted nothing to do with it. Dean could respect that in a way. Still, even if he wasn't greedy or to stand-offish, he was far from modest. Not in a way that looked down on Dean and Sam, but just because he himself thought he was doing well for himself.
The next day Dean stopped by the flowershop on his way to work. The man he had seen there for the past two days was outside again, setting up their plant display. He didn't seem to notice Dean at all. Instead the girl with red hair appeared in front of him.
Castiel nodded. "I didn't want to wake you up. You seemed to need the sleep, and you know I don't mind watching over you."
With rebuilding the house and fixing heaven, they hadn't had the chance to enjoy a moment like this, and Dean knew that a large part of it was due to him. He needed time to come to terms with who he loved, that he could even love that deeply and have it returned. He was still afraid that now that they both said it, now that it was real, it would be taken from him.
"Sounds good." He answered, the words coming out softer then intended. The man handed him the angel. "Oh it is." He assured Dean with a little smirk. Dean payed him for the ornament and they wished each other a good night. When Dean stepped into his car he looked at the little shop again. He had been driving past it every workday for at least three years on his way to work and his way back home, but he never really noticed it. Now he felt like he should go in more often. It wouldn't hurt to get something nice for the apartment every now and again.
That was all the encouragement Castiel needed to pull Dean closer in a gentle kiss. When he pulled back, Dean was smiling as widely as he was.
"If I told you back then you'd get angry that I called you gay," Sam joked, making Dean laugh louder than he meant to.
Eileen and the kids arrived so they had a ride home. She went into the meeting room Sam and Dean were waiting in, to inform them Cas was already there so the ceremony would start as soon as everyone was seated. Nerves started to play up again. It was almost time, they had almost reached the point of no return. The point at which no one could take this away from Dean.
"This thing?" Cas repeated and Dean felt his heart sink. So he had just imagined it all. He gave it one last try. Cas had to know right, had to admit things had changed. Those prayers, Dean had been very open during them.
He hadn't expected and answer straight away when he walked into the bunker, surprising the brothers that hugged him tight. But even as days past, there seemed to be no recognation that he had said anything at all.
She tapped her lips twice with the nail of her thumb, then for good measure mimicked locking her lips with a key. Once her excitement died down a little she let out a yawn before rubbing through her eyes.
"Why don't you just tell him we got the gifts if you think that's easier." He offered. He had wanted the Christmas celebration, but it was Dean who had been enthusiastic about Jack learning about Santa.
As the other three started, Gabriel grinned at Sam. "So after we're done playing in the snow, how bout I warm you up?" He asked, his eyebrows wiggling. Sam chuckled. "Sounds good." He agreed. He wasn't sure what it was between him and the angel, but he did like the fact that Gabriel seemed to want to carry it on. "How about we get cold first." He grinned, gathering up some snow himself to start a man.
Dean looked at him with expecting eyes and Cas felt a deep urge to kiss him. He pushed the thought away as he tried to form words. "This looks amazing. I didn't expect..." He wasn't sure how to end that. He didn't expect Dean to like bees, he didn't expect Dean to put something in his house that was so influenced by Cas. Castiel smiled instead. "This is great."
Dean chuckled, Jack seemed so sincere in his questions. He was glad the hunter life hadn't screwed Jack out of everything that made childhood magic. "It's not stuff like that, we do that to save people. Santa cares more about other stuff." He tried to remember what his mom had told him Santa cared about. "Like do you make your bed in the morning, are you polite to your fathers... Stuff like that."
The snow was powdery fresh and being hit didn't hurt, it wasn't dangerous. But it was fun to dodge the attacks, or to call out vague threats.
There was no way Cas was serious about this. With a huff, Dean dropped the paper. "Are you going to call the people we didn't deem important enough?" His eyes flew over the list, trying to concentrate on the highlighted letters enough to see who Castiel deemed worthy. "How will you tell Garth that although they named their child after you, he can't bring his wife..."
"I never striven for order even when angels were keen on commands, plans and strategies. I did what was necessary, yet there have been moments where I swayed, considering my choices beyond being the textbook definition of an Angel," Cas says, ducking his head with a deep sigh, "I'm so sorry, I might not be making any sense—"
“She surfaces only after sundown, the ritual is supposed to happen then,” Ruby says, “Until then, who wants to get some fries?”
It's just a dark silhouette against Bobby's living room wall, only half extended considering the space limitation.
“I never thought I would live to see the day Castiel, out of all people, fall in love with a human.” She shrugs.
"S' fine, I get it. I totally understand if you don't wanna be friends anymore ‘cause this is too complicated-"
"What the fuck, man?" Dean's heart drops to the floor. "You're family, Cas. Fuck your powers, I don't need those to lo-
"What I've been witnessing for the past seven years," he replied, climbing into the car. If he listened hard enough he would hear the wheels turning in Nadia’s head. It didn’t take her long enough to start with the questions.
The oven timer blares like the goddamn Olympic horn and Dean jumps back, dropping Castiel's hands as a shudder runs down to his spine.
One more chapter to go! Leave a line or two in the comments about what you thought. Or, just anything. See you next week!
“Apparently, it’s for a ritual.” Sam says, “There isn’t much we know about this but this is the first time Lilith herself is breaking a seal.”
“I could say the same.” Castiel untangles himself from Dean, holding the man’s face in his hands. “You’re wonderful, Dean.”
"You don't get to take our father's name, Castiel," Akobel barks. "If only you were to follow his orders-"
There is nowhere else to be—and another apocalypse couldn’t pull Dean away from Cas right now. Someone else will have to take one for the team because Dean Winchester is going to be busy kissing the only person he has wanted to kiss for the longest fucking time. Cas makes a small humming noise, and Dean’s brain packs up and goes on vacation. He wraps his arms around Cas’s shoulder, letting his weight drop back and pulls Cas down with him. Cas’s tongue—angel or not—is fucking
"I'm offended you thought I would ever say those words," he huffed, unable to stop smiling. "How about ‘honey’?"
Castiel simply nods, pulling on a pair of gloves. He presses the tip of his forefinger to the edge of the wound, rigor mortis having made the skin brittle and cracked. The cut runs almost four inches long and two inches wide, enough space for an arm to be pushed in, at least up to the wrist. The vertebro-sternal ribs at the left side of the chest are cracked sharply, the aorta and pulmonary tubes both jagged and swollen as they approach the chest cavity where the heart once resided.
Dean dips his head, pressing a line of soft kisses up Castiel's neck to the sharp cut of his jaw. Cas curls his hand into Dean's hair, sighing softly.
Cas has no idea what he's doing to Dean, and it takes every fiber in his being for Dean to not reach out and kiss the man in front of him.
"Woah there, buddy." Dean lowers his gun since it's as good as a twig against a grizzly bear, "You can't drop news like that and bolt on me." Dean swallows the lump stuck in his throat. "What do angels want with me?”
Dean has spent—or rather wasted—his entire childhood and teenage years seeking validation from John, looking for ways to be the son John pretended he raised Dean to be. Sam got whiff of the situation earlier than Dean did and he didn't give a shit about what John wanted or didn't want.
“Nothing’s up,” he fishes his keys out of his pocket and slides it across the table. “Not a scratch.”
Dean laughs, trying not to outright skip down the hill with the way warmth creeps up his skin. Cas doesn't offer the array of compliments Dean's dates usually throw leisurely at Baby, but a warm smile reaching his eyes splays across his lips and he trails his fingers up the hood.
Cas growls, grabbing Dean's hips up and thrusting into him at a brutal pace, the bed frame shifting back and forth with the force. Dean groans when a hand wraps around his neglected dick, not caring anymore. He just lies there, letting Cas take whatever he wants and use Dean however he wants. It's better this way, to pretend he's not here.
"I’m not sure it will make sense to you if I try to explain. The human mind is not evolved enough to perceive certain images," Castiel says. "Only one pair is used for flying, rest of them are for balance and combat."
The bartender comes back with their drinks, whiskey for Castiel and beer for the kids. Cas doesn't usually drink, but certain hunts leave him tired, disadvantages of his human body leaving his muscles aching. He doesn't know how aging works in his body anymore, but Castiel assumes he is somewhere in his thirties, and he knows it does not get better moving forward.
Ten minutes later, there are two plates of eggs and bacon and the table, and Dean is actually impressed. There’s obviously room for improvement, but for a first timer, Cas knocked it out of the park, and Dean tells him the same.
"Hey, I'm the pinnacle of good coping mechanisms," Dean finishes the sentence with a snort of his own.
which just looks like a small spiky vinyl, and even a few of those orb things Raphael attacked their camp with.
That was one hell of a question. Honestly, the reason couldn’t be compiled into a single sentence. Dean was a hairbreadth away from kissing Cas, back at the party hall. Cas kept looking at Dean the whole evening like there was something worth seeing in him. Cas called himself lucky to have Dean. Cas kissed his knuckles like Dean was precious and deserving. Cas told him it was okay.
It’s felt almost surreal to say those words to Dean, as the man in his arms was the very same one who taught Castiel to feel, and want, and
“It’s me who I don’t have faith in,” he chuckles mirthlessly. “Kinda hard when the guy you’re in love with is a couple billion light years out of your league.”
"Yes," Cas nodded, and that one's gotta win the award for the most unconvincing affirmation. Dean was at his side in the blink of an eye, his legs moving on their own accord. He grabbed Cas by the shoulder, quickly scan for any visible injuries.
"Can I bring the blanket?" Cas asks quietly, sending Dean’s heart flopping around in his chest in one epic gymnastic routine.
"That is something I'm grateful for at this point in my life, but growing up I always felt like I never fit in." Castiel spilled out, knowing Dean wouldn't see him any differently.
Dean picks at his burrito, everything he’s eating disappearing into the chasm that opened in his gut right after Cas rushed out of the room like his ass was on fire. He can’t stop himself from glancing at Cas every couple of seconds, watching him work through his turkey sandwich like there is nothing better to do. Except for probably texting his girlfriend.
"Your whole life is in the city, man." Dean said, "You could've gotten a nice penthouse or something, right in the middle of the city."
"Thank you," Cas said, placing his hand on top of Dean's where it was holding his. Dean absently noticed how close they were standing, close enough to feel the rhythm of Cas's breathing and see the soft shade of pink on his cheeks.
“More angels, peachy.” Dean mutters. “What do you want?” Uriel is nothing like Cas, though they share the same coldness, something about the guy makes Dean want to punch him in the face.
Suddenly, it doesn’t hurt anymore. The screams grow fainter by the second. He doesn’t want to stop existing anymore. That probably means he is going to. His entire body feels like it’s floating towards something. Something so pure and undeniably heavenly. Dean drops his blade for the first time in forty years.
“I don’t hold any grudges, Sam. I’m sure he did what he had to,” Cas replies, tightening his grip on the wheel. “The only grievance I have is that I was the reason the angels fell.”
“Donna,” Sam huffs a laugh. “She must have brandished her charm because the guy seemed satisfied and sent me the list.”
There are a fuckton of things different from the first time he saw Cas, and there are even more things that haven't changed one bit. He’s seen Cas on hunts, the fire in his eyes not having dimmed one bit as he slices through monsters, more in tandem with his angel blade than Dean and Sam combined. Dean would look at him then and think
Sam tenses, “It’s not like that, Dean.” He says, “It’s just, don’t you think it’s way too soon for you to be hunting again?”
“Around five years,” Dean replies, turning to look at Cas with a dazzling smile. “Best damn five years of my life.”
"Come baring." Castiel corrected, knowing his brother can be a little out of coordination when sleep deprived. "What is it?"
Dean's blood runs cold, heart suddenly jumping to his throat. He takes the phone from Cas' hand and presses it to his ears, ignoring the way his voice shakes as he calls, "Sammy?"
Cas follows him to the kitchen and hops up on the counter, both of them bracing for the thing to wobble. Dean grins proudly at his handiwork when it doesn't even so much as shake. He gets to work, absently humming along to some tune but he doesn't miss how Castiel's eyes follow his movements with such concentration that Dean’s sure he’s gonna pull out the bar graphs and flowcharts any moment.
The revelation isn’t new, he has known it for a while—the shape and form of his feelings for Cas. Somehow, it’s still fresh in his head. Dean thinks he has been feeling that way for sometime now, but Purgatory was what sealed the deal. Those endless nights of hoping and praying, looking for answers. Somewhere along the way Dean realized there isn’t much worth fighting for without Cas by his side.
"Dean." Cas grabbed his wrist but Dean shook it away. "Why do I feel like we are not on the same page?"
“Someone might get suspicious about you two, you know,” Dean finished. Her eyes widened, and Dean scoffed, “It was so damn obvious, you might as well have clipped on a neon sign.”
And he goes on to explain everything from letting Gadreel—or Ezekiel as he knew the angel back then—possess Sam, and things snowballing from there onwards leading up to having to ask Cas to leave. Cas remains silent all throughout, staring at Dean with an unreadable expression on his face, and Dean’s not sure he’s worried or relieved.
A loud ringing breaks apart the electric silence in the cabin. Dean swears under his breath, the moment broken. Cas takes a step back from him, a stoic mask falling over his expression, leaving Dean feeling empty and cold in a way that has nothing to do with the weather. He sets his jaw, turning to look at his traitorous phone lying on the table.
The question was simple enough, but Castiel didn't have an answer. Everything about Dean felt right to him but every time Castiel reached out, it was as though Dean was pushed back a step away from him. Castiel was in love with Dean Winchester, and he desperately didn't want to get his heart broken.
“It does not have to be conscious,” the angel explained. “In a moment of distress, your soul’s initial response was to call out the one source of grace it recognized.”
They pack their stuff and Dean's the first one out of the door, the prospect of getting to take Baby out after a week numbing some of the throbbing in his chest. Cas is silent throughout, his gaze a physical thing on the back of his neck, making Dean go cold.
"I will accompany him." Tamoah adds, before Castiel can object. "You are critical to us, Castiel. Besides, if something happens to you, we don't want to know what your Winchester would do to us."
"We could see him shifting in his seat every time you started looking a little nervous." Anna grinned. "You guys are so adorable."
“Irene. It’s been so long!” Nadia pulled her into a hug, turning to him. “Sam, this is Irene Devereux. She works at the morgue.”
He heads back to the motel and shuffles through the details once again to make sure he hasn’t missed anything, eventually slamming his laptop shut when the letters start turning into liquid. The morgue has closed by now and Castiel sets his alarm for the next day, choosing to spend the rest of his night brooding in his bed, because that too is a part of the complete human experience, and there is no one here to judge him.
"I knew you were coming." Dean shrugged. "Besides, if anyone would rob me, it's gonna be Vic and Aaron pulling a prank on me."
No demons pop up so Dean stands up to resume his walkathon, only to be pushed back to his knees by a headache so painful, his brain could spill out of his eyeballs and he wouldn't be surprised. And trust him, he knows what that looks like.
“It’s very presumptuous of you to assume I would ever marry you when you keep referring to our union as
. Reach out and take it, maybe. Because Sam’s off on his run and the bunker is so quiet, it feels as though the whole universe is just him and Cas at the moment, and it’s all just too much. Lucky for him, Cas has his back. He places his hand over Dean’s, his long fingers curling around Dean’s palm.
Cas smiled gently, eyes crinkling at the corners, “I never doubted you,” he said. “But sometimes I can’t help but feel like an outsider. I never knew what it felt like to fit in, be it in heaven or here. The closest I’ve come to feeling like I have a home is with you.”
Cas doesn’t know how to stop being hung up on Dean, to be honest. It’s easier to let go of what you once had, but the parts of Castiel’s long existence that actually matters is intertwined with the time he spent with Dean. Now, even after three whole years, the hunter’s name still spells out pain, and Castiel’s heart has never stopped aching. Some days it’s just a whimper and other days it’s the searing fire burning himself inside out, but the pain is always there.
There wasn't much time to rejoice as he saw Dean slumped against the pillar, unconscious and unmoving. He tossed his weapon aside hastily, knees hitting the stone floor with a thud.
There wasn't anything Rowena-esque happening so Sam dropped the filtered search and started digging around for anything that remotely fit their category. Apparently, the freaks of nature were on a sabbatical because the papers were empty, so was the internet. The weirdest news of the day was a guy from Florida getting arrested for accidentally setting his neighbor's house on fire. Go figure.
"I guess someone attacked hell and broke open the gate, and I probably walked out or some shit." Dean says, "Then again, I was dead
"Your other dad is back," he tells him, chuckling at the words. He has been telling Miracle about Cas that way and his dog won't know who Cas is otherwise.
He held Cas's hand tighter, "Like hell I'm letting you out of my sight. We're sticking together. Don't even try to argue.
The world around them falls dark and silence fills up the empty spaces between them, and it's comfortable. It's amazing. Dean's fingers trace unrecognizable patterns on Castiel's skin, and in that moment, everything feels like it's going to be fine.
"I swear to God, one more minute and I'd have passed out." Dean said. "Naomi was staring holes through my face."
She looked up and spotted them, her expression morphing into relief, "Thank fucking Christ," she sighed. "Sam's hurt."
“Did you guys find anything?” Sam asks, snatching his laptop from underneath where Dean’s arms are folded. Out of the corner of his eyes, he sees Cas opening his mouth to reply, and Dean quickly stops him with a glare.
"You're amazing, sweetheart," Dean murmurs into the hot skin under his lips. "Your wings, your eyes, your heart, all of you, angel."
Castiel worked his fingers into the tight knot on Dean's shoulder, "When was the last time you got a massage?"
"Here," Castiel's voice startles Dean out of his thoughts. His blue eyes are less wide and panicked and he's holding the band-aid in his hand, ready to wrap it around Dean's finger.
Castiel's fingers flex against his side, and for a moment Dean thinks he's going to get punched. Dean can taste the sparks in the air, crackling between them in rampant anticipation for something unknown. Seconds stretch into seasons, and Dean and Castiel stand there, eyes locked in a staring contest with seemingly no finish line. He swallows down the knot in his gut and takes a step closer, just as Cas does the same, now close enough that he can see the way Cas' pupils widen.
just a swirl of light. It’s strange, yet liberating. The part of him that feels guilty over having so little attachment to everything that Castiel was for billions of years doesn’t manage to over power his joy of feeling the weight of the world lift off his shoulders.
“Well, who would’ve known heaven runs on the principle of absent fathers,” Dean laughs dryly, “Cas, can I ask you something?”
"Woah, easy tiger." Dean holds his hands up in surrender, "I just came back from the dead, give me a break."
Dean lets out a self-deprecating chuckle, "You don't gotta say shit to make me feel better about myself, man."
Dinner was slow as Dean spent half the time talking rather than eating. Dean spoke a lot about his family, especially his brother and his girlfriend. Castiel listened silently, watching the way Dean’s eyes sparkled when he talked about his car or his love for classic rock. Castiel knew he was threading that line dangerously, but he couldn’t stop himself from wanting Dean’s presence in his life.
“There’s nothing to apologize for,” Castiel reassures, his chest tightening. “I should have said something. It’s just, there’s–” the rest of the words simply wouldn’t make it’s way out of his mouth because, honestly, what is he supposed to say?
“It’s whatever,” he shrugged, and Castiel wanted nothing more than to reach out and hold Dean close.
"Shut up. Shut the fuck up, alright?" Sam barked. "I don't know what games you're playing but you can't hide from the reality that all this shit you're doing…it's wrong. You're killing innocent people."
Dean can’t help but laugh a little at that. “Damn, went right for the jugular. Huh?” He knows there is no way out of this because Benny knows exactly how much to push and when to stop pushing but that man won’t back down until he gets what he wants. “I’m not interested in the hookup and one night stand scene anymore,” he shrugs.
Sam leaves to get them lunch while Dean goes to take a shower, murmuring something about washing grandma off his skin. Cas perches himself at the edge of what he presumes is Dean’s bed—judging from the number of pillows—and pulls out his phone to distract his mind from the sounds of the running shower. Dean’s skin under warm flowing water is not an imagery he needs right now. He has a few texts from Ivan, and a missed call from Jaime. He replies to Ivan, letting him know about the proceedings of the case, carefully limiting mentions of having company, though he knows he won’t be able to escape Jaime’s questions. He dials her, balancing his phone between his ear and shoulder as he reaches down to untie his boots.
"Hey, I know I'm shit at showing it but I do care," Dean cupped Cas's face with his free hand, the gentle scratch of his stubble like fire on Dean's palm. “I really do.”
.” The intensity of the situation hits him all at once. Cas loves him and he’s still here, even after everything Dean put him through. Talk about miracles.
, like pine or fresh cut grass with a tinge of electricity to it, close to the air before a thunderstorm, leaving Dean holding onto every bit of his self control to resist the urge to press his face against the crook of Cas’s long and very biteable neck and inhale the scent. The shame of it all wasn’t enough to trump his desire for once.
"Love is devotion," Castiel found himself saying. "When the time came, it was either to live with the loss of a dearest or avenge the ones who pried them apart, and Achilles made his choice."
Cas apparently likes the answer judging from the way he drags Dean forward by the back of his neck into a mindless kiss, teeth and tongue clashing. It's perfect. His lips hurt a little, probably from the bruise on it. None of the pain registers because everything around him is just enveloped by the feeling of Cas. Dean tries to breathe through the thumping of his heart, reminding himself there's no rush here, no expectations, just Dean and Cas.
” Dean snapped, anger boiling in his chest. He flinched almost immediately, listening for the sound of the shower still running.
"Hey, hang in there Lee," Dean tries to sound reassuring but he knows at any point now Eileen will have to comfort him. "If it comes to it, I'll find his boss and get him to fire Sam. Don't worry about it."
"Happy marriage, or whatever. Got only one since you got mom's ring," said Sam, closing the door as he left.
The longer they kept looking, the deeper the fear spread through Dean's body. They moved through the town, ducking between buildings and tearing through the alleyways, blinking hard to adjust to the darkness.
“I’ll handle getting the details of the residents from the landlord,” Sam says, closing his laptop. “I’ll also handle lunch. You both look like you need time to recover from pretending to be a couple.”
"Then he's mistaken. Why would having a human in their possession provide them an advantage?" Elijah asks.
"Uriel, you have served your purpose, you may leave now." Castiel says, the command in his tone sending a shiver down his spine. Dean needs a regular reminder that the dorky little guy can atomize him without breaking a sweat.
“I did notice,” Castiel replied, confused why Sam would think he didn’t. Of course he would notice them reaching the motel since his priority as of now was to get Dean to a safe resting place. He flew all of them directly into the motel room to avoid any questioning looks, and helped Dean get settled into bed.
"Thank you, Dean," Cas says, cheeks turning a beautiful shade of pink. "Michael used to tell me how my wings were something to be proud of. He has always been proud of me."
“I promise you brother, once we attain our leashes from anyone trying to control us, the freedom will be worth the struggle.”
"Okay come on kid." Dean called to Jack as he stepped out of the car. Jack followed him to the trunk before Dean opened it and handed him an axe. "You wanted to pick the tree so you get to work for it." He grinned. "Now pick out a tree you like." The roads had been slippery due to the snow but Jack's eyes grew large as he saw the sight of the snow covering the pines.
Dean's eyes were filled with tears at the words. He was still confused about what had happened, but Cas left no room to be confused about how he felt for Dean. "You mean all this time, you thought I just hadn't answered, hadn't even responded to what you told me, that you love me." He said, the words still fighting to leave his lips.
