Warnings for this chapter: mentions of suicide and description of torture.
“I know.” Finn conceded.
Sherlock looked bewildered at John’s words. “But I had to include Molly, she offered and she could see that I was not...right.”
“Well you two did always get on so well. I mean I knew there was something between you from the moment you moved in. Surprised it took you so long to get together to be honest and Sherlock died and I felt for you John, it broke my heart. And then all this business with your accident John. What an awful thing and poor Sherlock!....So it’s good to see you enjoying yourselves again, although in the entryway really? I need to maintain an amount of respectability. I mean this isn’t the first time I have found you in a compromisi-“
Eventually he felt John’s head move backwards and away from the wet patch his tears had left on the taller man’s shirt. The hands that were clutching the back of his dressing gown loosened and he found his doctor’s blue eyes looking into his own.
Then she met James Moriarty and she knew why.
The rapidly beating heart of his best friend that was keeping Sherlock alive. A heart that had never stopped.
Mycroft went beet red and Sherlock smirked. “Ah Finn, good to see you awake” he said.
Mycroft’s theory had been proved right. Caring had left people vulnerable and at risk. His colleague, his housekeeper, his best friend had all become Moriarty’s targets.
John has just woken up from a coma and is trying to deal with this new life he has found himself in.
John was panting and a big grin was adorning his face. His head fell back against the wall that was currently keeping him upright and he closed his eyes, trying to slow his heartbeat down.
“Case?” John questioned Sherlock’s previous whereabouts.
He thought back to the dream, he could barely remember it now. Just the feeling of lust and.....Sherlock. The detective had finally asked him to join him on a case today, so maybe that’s what brought it on. John had been so excited to finally share this with him again - maybe Sherlock was ready to see more of John. It didn’t take the other man long however to deduce what his current relationship status was and the rest of the afternoon had been awkward.
“You’re getting better, a couple of years ago you wouldn’t have even picked up on the fact there was something wrong.” John conceded, taking a sip of his tea.
He does remember reaching John finally and seeing the red halo round his head, his lifeless form, his unresponsive grip in his hand. He would remember someone calling an ambulance and him thinking it was useless because he was already dead.
The rats.
John felt a bit overwhelmed by that. “Err...well...err I am glad we have given you a good example of....love, but you are also only 14 and you know the cute, intelligent and makes you laugh part is also worth giving a shot too.”
Because in that moment he knew that he wanted to marry John Watson.
John rubbed his face in frustration, he was trying to get back on his feet, but these dreams were plaguing him. He had also had dreams of Finn when he had been a young boy, they did almost feel like memories.... He was seeing Finn after his shift tomorrow, maybe he would ask him about it. It would surely be easier than asking Sherlock about dog tags.
He could see tears silently running down his husband’s cheeks. The man looked shell-shocked.
John laughed “And me? Would you usually tell me?”
Sherlock had never entertained the idea of getting married. As a child all he had cared about was besting Mycroft. Their parents, although very loving and in a very happy marriage, had never subscribed to the usual fairytales. Instead Sherlock had read encyclopedias and dissected frogs instead of kissing them. As puberty hit he watched the other boys talk about girls (and boys) with vulgar words and motions. He had observed from a distance, never being part of a social circle to join in and not having much of an interest to try. As he got older he did start to feel certain urges, but by then he had started to see his body as transport and didn’t care to explore them.
“You could have been.”
Finn laughed “Hmm I don’t know I think he is adjusting to this caring for people business, him and Greg are going strong.”
Warning for nudity and hints at sexual situations.
Mycroft, who was still facing Sherlock, raised an eyebrow “Well yes and who ever thought that would be true.”
Sherlock was alive.
John’s lips thinned and he crossed his arms. Anger was coursing through his veins and he felt a need to prove Sherlock wrong, so he proceeded to delve into a detailed analysis of everything he had observed at the crime scene.
Mycroft had chosen this moment, in John’s journey of self discovery, to follow him round London in his black vehicle of doom. John’s attempts to avoid the inevitable chit chat had been for nought, as he had found him self opposite the smarmy face, in the back of said vehicle.
“You don’t John and that’s the problem.” Greg said with a sad smile and left the room.
Sherlock nodded, as he rubbed his thumb over John’s hand. The doctor liked the feeling. The other man started to talk again “Thank you for saying that, but whatever happens between you and I, please don’t let that affect your relationship with Finn. If your memories don’t come back, he deserves to still have his father in his life. You can make new memories, you don’t need the old ones to-“
They stayed in this awkward stand off for a while and John started to pace, almost starting to say something, but not knowing how to handle this. He made himself a cup of tea to give himself something to do and gripped the mug in comfort.
Finn’s impatient voice broke his thoughts “Dad?!” Sherlock focused on his son and (soon to be ex?) husband and could see both their arms outstretched, welcoming him into their hug. “Come over here” Finn encouraged.
Lestrade nodded and indicated to his team to finish up. John looked at him across the corpse, as the team filed out around them. “Amazing” he breathed.
“Sherlock” John was looking away at this point.
Molly nodded in agreement “And whoever thought we would ever say that, but it’s better than the alternative.”
The doctor grabbed his hand and made sure Sherlock was staring directly into his eyes. He made sure the detective was listening. “You are going to be alright. I might not be able to play the violin, but I’m here. I’m here and I’m going to look after you. You’re safe now” John’s blue eyes were brimming with emotion and Sherlock could feel how much the doctor meant those words. How much he cared...after all this.
It was a couple of years ago, when he had deduced that Finn had a girlfriend and they had become.....intimate. He had been blindsided. He was terrified that their little boy had grown up and was opening himself up to all the evil in the world. Danger, deceit, betrayal.
“Sorry my sofa isn’t the best” Lestrade offered, as he handed John a mug “And I made you a coffee, thought you might need it.”
John swallowed and his hands firmly gripped him hard. “Yes” he whispered. Sherlock kissed him firmly, before taking his hand and leading him towards his bedroom.
Something was puzzling Sherlock though, what did Finn mean by odd moments, had John remembered something previously? It would be quite unheard of to remember everything at once, with no sign of memory for years. If that’s the case then why did he propose to Mary? Is that why he was apologising before and Sherlock cut him off with an unwanted kiss? No, John would let him know if he was overstepping. He had told Finn he loved him, but not Sherlock – was the kiss before John just saying goodbye and acknowledging what had gone before?
“Oh my God, I’m going to be sick.” John gasped and ran to the bathroom.
The thought of no longer being Sherlock’s husband unsettled John and he wasn’t sure why. It had been his decision to leave and he was the one getting remarried, hell he didn’t even remember saying his vows to the other man. Yet....he felt unsettled, like his connection with Sherlock was very much a part of who he was and it felt wrong to change that.
He was in shock.
“You never answered my question” Sherlock pointed out.
She didn’t believe in anything as ridiculous as love at first sight, but the man had become her world the moment she had met him. And she could offer her skills to him, she could do his bidding. She could be everything he needed.
“Morning fiancé.” Mary murmured into his ear. He felt sick in the pit of his stomach.
“Never” John answered, as he slid his ring back on “Tea?”
This was how Molly found him. “You look sad” she said as she approached him. Sherlock caught the ball and stopped the incessant bouncing.
“So what did you get up to today Pops? It was your day off, wasn’t it?” Finn’s voice broke through his inner musings.
Sherlock spoke again. “I’m sorry you came home to a jealous housewife.”
It would have felt like a date, if Sherlock wasn’t Sherlock and John wasn’t John.
“I don’t want that.” John said firmly. “I don’t want you or our life to be normal. I didn’t fall in love with a normal person Sherlock and neither did you. Finn isn’t normal either and I don’t want him to grow up feeling like he has to be. I want him to find his own path, be completely himself. I want you to be that too.”
“Oh?” John said, surprised. “And what did he say?”
“But if you take out those extenuating circumstances, I guess I knew I loved him when I figured out we were better together than we were apart. Your father and I don’t complete each other, we aren’t two halves of the same whole, but we are two individual wholes that blend and work together to make a better two. We could survive without each other, but neither of us wants to.” John whispered, his thoughts all coming out at once. He looked at Finn, who was wide eyed and curious. The doctor then realised he was talking to a teenager with his first crush, who probably didn’t need that depth right now. “Or you know he was cute and intelligent and he made me laugh.” He added.
But he was safe.
Sherlock smirked and replied. “I’m your kinky bastard.”
He had confessed his interest for John, backed into a corner by the other man’s ineptitude to see the truth and continued insistence to attach Sherlock to every woman in sight. How had he let that happen? Because now John knew.
“Indeed.” Sherlock agreed, as he seemed to establish that their son had fled the scene. “I imagine he will be very angry with us.”
Flashback - Sherlock and John continue to deal with the detective’s return from the dead.
He had lived his life by that motto for so long and then one day he had looked up from his microscope in this very hospital.....
He heard John pull Finn to his chest and ask what had happened in the dream. The boy was still sniffling, but no words came forth in reply. “It might not be as scary if you talk about it.” He heard John suggest.
The doctor had become quite red in the face and angry at this point, Sherlock always found him irresistible in these moments. He loved the fire in John’s eyes when he pushed his buttons. “Fine I’ll burn the sheet then” he countered, as he whipped off the sheet and stood naked in the kitchen.
The detective would disappear on his cases and John would find notes left in the kitchen that he had gone off somewhere for a case with someone. Oddly enough their names always began with the letter ‘G’ (he later found out they were all Greg Lestrade). So John had gone back to work and the two of them were almost leading separate lives. John felt even more lost at these turn of events and he didn’t even have any friends he could talk to and ask advice from, not any who knew Sherlock anyway.
Sherlock gulped “Each other?”
And perhaps now was a good time to impart some advice to his brother, just like Mycroft had done to him all those years ago. “This is the only time I will talk to you about this and I will likely barely acknowledge it in future, whatever happens....but if you love Lestrade you should tell him. Your sexcapades have been going on long enough.” He shuddered again, he was still facing the door – god knows he wouldn’t be able to say any of this to his brother’s face. “You never know what’s round the corner or through the next door. If love already has you at a disadvantage, you might as well embrace it for the advantages.”
Here's another flashback, where John and Lestrade catch up
We are back in the present with this one. Thank you for those who are still reading, it means a lot.
Finn swallowed, Sherlock could tell the emotions of the afternoon were starting to hit him. “But I came up here, because last time I was here I jumped. I jumped, because I knew it would keep him safe....The fall was worth it.” He lit another cigarette and hid the packet back into the inner pocket of his Belstaff. “I loved him then you know.”
It broke Sherlock’s heart.
The evening had passed by in a blur and John was only just starting to make sense of it. He had come back from work quite late on to find Mary waiting up for him in the bedroom. Once he had used the bathroom and got himself into bed with her, he had been ready to drop off to sleep as soon as his head hit the pillow. Mary however had curled up to him and said – “Let’s get married.”
“Hmm”
John laughed “I don’t know if anybody else would call it a courtship Sherlock.”
“Don’t be dramatic Graham.”
“Mmm” the doctor replied noncommittally. He took a moment to look at Sherlock then. His flushed cheeks, dishevelled hair and rosy lips. “You kissed me before” he stated.
“You are more exciting than any drug, more interesting than any case. You still my mind, make me focus on the normal, make me understand it’s worth. A cup of tea....a bad taste TV programme...a bullet through a window.”
Finn’s heart was pounding hard “Is he alive?”
John nodded and feeling bold, pulled at the collar of the infallible Belstaff to bring the detective closer. The other man was trembling, as his hands found John’s waist. “I had a great day today Sherlock, thank you. You are amazing.” The detective’s eyes went soft at this and he touched his forehead to John’s. Their lips tentatively found each other in a tame, soft kiss. The doctor however couldn’t contain the energy coursing through him and pulled Sherlock down for a bruising kiss.
John smiled at him “I was trying to convince myself I had made the right decision by leaving you. I had started to remember moments, feelings, flashes of memory.”
His son blushed. “Dad and his big mouth.” He sighed. “He deduced it whilst you were in hospital actually and I let him ask questions to provide a distraction. Normally I wouldn’t give him any ammunition that he didn’t already deduce.”
Sherlock mimicked the motion “Right snogging in front of a corpse is a bit not good.”
John nodded and hung around at the doorway for longer than necessary, before leaving their flat, which now felt as empty as Sherlock’s heart.
“Tell me about it” Sherlock half smiled. “Hopefully we won’t have to get used to it.”
Sherlock had begrudgingly agreed to complete the paperwork at the station, so John could release Finn from Mrs Hudson’s watchful eye. Now that he was dealing with a sulky teenager, with something obviously on his mind, he wasn’t sure if he had got the better end of the deal.
Lestrade looked at them in confusion and seemed to decide not to ask any questions.
Sherlock groaned and pushed his thigh between John’s legs, giving the doctor something to rub against. He let out a groan of his own, pulling his lips away to let out the noise. Sherlock’s mouth moved to his neck and John was lost in his arousal.
The plot
“Mary!” he gasped.
“Me too” Finn conceded and John felt selfishly grateful that Finn didn’t press further.
“I don’t know some of his former girlfriends fit that description very well.” The detective joked and sniffled through his tears.
John paused and looked at his hands. He didn’t know what else to say.
Fury seemed to rise on Sherlock’s face “Oh please do explain how I should react when I see my husband being pawed at by a beautiful woman, laughing and joking, when he doesn’t want to spend time with me.”
Sherlock seemed surprised at the turn in conversation, but recovered quickly “Well yes I guess you will need to speak...”
John thought of their ceremony, his hands shaking and his eyes misty. He had fumbled his vows and had been a bumbling mess, Sherlock had been calm and collected...the bastard....but the look in his eyes had been everything John had ever wanted to see on his wedding day. “Err there was a bit of eye contact going on.”
“Sherlock?” John was looking at him exasperated.
“Well I’m a free man now for the first time in a long time and it’s not any of your business.”
“I can see where your mind is going detective.” John giggled, but he wasn’t laughing at him – it was a shared joy, a shared secret. He had learned this was usual in relationships, to laugh with each other, to have things only you know about – he had looked that up too.
“Oh my dear boys!” broke through the haze and immediately ruined the moment.
Finn joined him “You don’t need to be strong for me Dad.” He grabbed the hand without the lit cigarette and held it firmly. “I won’t let you fall. We’ll fall together, you’re not alone this time.” Sherlock nodded and put his forehead to his son’s. “What happened Dad?”
Sherlock pulled a disgusted face “When have I ever been usual? And since when are you just someone?" At John’s silence, he continued “And if you would just move in like I want you to, I wouldn’t have to greet you at all, because you would live here...and you would probably be naked too, well if I had anything to do with it.”
Warnings for mentions of throwing up and guns.
Finn’s smile dropped “I can stop-“
Sherlock hadn’t missed his reaction “John? What’s wrong? Why do you look like you are in shock?” The confused look hadn’t left the detective’s face, he looked genuinely concerned.
“I can’t believe this....that you think I would ever.....do you think so little of me? After everything we have been through, after everything I have said and shared with you?” he had started to pace and stuck his fingers in his hair in frustration. How had this day turned out this way? How far from perfect was this?
When he had faked his death, leaving John had been harder than expected (and he had thought it was going to be fairly difficult). Standing on top of that roof and seeing the worry, disbelief and despair on John’s face had been....disconcerting.
John felt his anger bubble over at this, if Sherlock had only listened instead of jumping ahead – he hadn’t had time to explain! He finally managed to speak, breathy and barely heard. “There is no easy way to do this Sherlock and I am trying to be as kind as I possibly can be. I’m sorry that-“
“When did I get so lucky?” The doctor wondered.
Quite a short chapter. I'm finding inspiration difficult at the moment, but I'm determined to carry on with this story and get it out there. Thank you again for all the support. I don't own any of this and it's all just for fun.
John was having more and more memories filtering through and maybe it was his mind playing tricks, but they felt real and it made Sherlock and him and Sherlock feel real.
John is trying to find his feet as a father and get to know his son.
“You don’t mean that.” Finn replies earnestly, Sherlock grunts in response. He takes the time to fully look at his son and takes in the red eyes, dishevelled hair, bitten finger nails and most of all the defeated look on his face.
Because that’s what people do when they love somebody unconditionally.
John knew why his detective was feeling this way and he knew that there was potentially something he could do about it. Sherlock had recently got to know a young boy during his work on a case (John hadn’t known about the case for a while, as drugs had been involved and to say he was displeased with Sherlock about it was an understatement). The case was over and Sherlock had become attached to the young boy – Finn was his name. He was currently in the care of social services and was about to be put into the system, one that the detective did not trust. Hence the despondency from his lover.
Despite the trickery, his heart had certainly been racing, more so than it had in Sherlock’s absence. God he had missed the thrill. He had missed the excitement, the risk, the danger....the man.
Sherlock looked stunned at the turn of events. “You’re leaving.”
Finn rolled his eyes, but there was a smile creeping on his face. “You are obviously a Slytherin, I don’t know why I needed you to take the test.” The tension in him seemed to deflate and he took a seat at the kitchen table. He sighed and said “But unlike my youthful obsession...” Sherlock looked at him in scrutiny “Ok my ongoing obsession with Harry Potter, today is important. I’m nervous and I want you to like her and I want her to like you and.....” Finn looked up at his Dad then “She’s been through some stuff and you are going to see it the moment she walks in. I don’t want you to stop being you and she knows who you are, so it’s not like she won’t be expecting it......but if you deduce something that you wouldn’t want someone knowing about me without me telling them myself....would you.....would you keep it to yourself?”
Warnings: mention of drug use, human trafficking ring and a difficult childhood.
The ‘whole girlfriend thing’ was tearing him up from the inside out. “I appreciate you not inviting Martha tonight.”
John couldn’t hide his smile this time. “You’re right of course, but how did we end up talking about my love life? We are meant to be talking about yours.”
“You proposed to Mary.” He almost sobbed.
(See the end of the chapter for
At length he broke the silence and turned to face John again “My husband wants to marry someone else. Is that why you are here? To finally file for divorce?”
“I remember” he gasped, he felt so overwhelmed. “God...I remember.” He fell forward on to Sherlock’s chest and started to sob.
“You would be a 15 mimute car ride away” Lestrade countered “and how many birthday parties, anniversaries and dinner dates have you been late for because of a case? If he did wake up in the hour we are gone, don't you think John would just roll his eyes as you rushed through the door? And then you could just kiss him silly in apology?”
“Yes you are.” John smiled without humour and removed his hand from where it had been holding Sherlock’s own. “Unbelievably you are...” he sighed and rubbed his face with his hands, ruffling that hideous moustache. “I can’t believe the past 12 hours have happened. I imagined you coming back to me so many times. I sat in that very chair” A firm finger pointed at his forgotten chair “and I spoke with your ghost. I asked for one more miracle and I’ve got it...but I don’t know what to do with it.”
John was up like a shot and grabbing his dressing gown. Finn had had nightmares before, but the panic always filled them in these first moments in case someone had got in to Baker Street. They both headed upstairs and John indicated that he would go in first. The other man waited outside, with the door still ajar. He could see Finn sitting up with tears in his eyes and hands on his head. Just a nightmare then, he relaxed a little and sat down on the stairs outside the room. He didn’t want to overwhelm the young boy, but wanted to make sure he was ok.
“You’re very keen today" John smiled and then fully took in the detective. "You’re naked”
Warnings: mentions of bombs and near death experiences
Sherlock was typing furiously on his phone to Lestrade, as the black cab meandered through the London streets. He was aware of John’s presence at his side, it was a welcome change. Things had worked against them recently and his husband had not joined him for a case for a good while. He hadn’t seen much of him at all, as their schedules worked against them.
But once Sherlock had regained his senses, he had taken John’s words to heart and had put a plan into motion that had led him to this day.
Sherlock is finally himself again after coming back from the dead.
Finn nodded and seemed to accept this. He looked to the floor and back at the doctor, the boy seemed to be coming out of his shell and his protective Sherlock bubble. “For how long?” he finally asked.
“Oh I bet you got her business finished.” John muttered under his breath, his anger becoming fully fledged now. “Did she know?”
Warnings: there is a bit of saucy lamguage in this one and hints at sexual situations.
Finn had been here earlier and the three of them had immersed themselves in memories. John had remembered the years of laughter, arguments, tantrums (and not just Finn’s), sleepless nights, violin music, worry, anger, kisses, silliness, tears and most of all love.
Maybe once again Sherlock had known him better than himself and used the situation to force his forgiveness. His demanding detective was still there and ready to come out to play. Maybe it meant that Sherlock had also forgiven himself.
His palms were sweating, as he did a final once over of the room in front of him. He had filled the room with red roses and had lit candles on various surfaces (there was even one on the skull). He would get on his knees and first give John a blow job (like the doctor had given him as part of the ‘experiment’) and once he had recovered he would pop the question.
“Hmmm....but you were hopelessly in love with me then. What’s your excuse now for the sentimental conversation?” He joked and that earned him a slap on the arm and a giggle. He grinned back at her and the tension eased a little. “Is that why you bribed me here with something ‘very interesting’, so you could finally confess your undying love to me? With John out of the picture I would undoubtedly fall straight into your arms and we would live happily ever after?” He plastered a fake smile on his face to cover up the pain that sentence gave him.
“I play the violin when I’m thinking and sometimes I don’t talk for days...” Sherlock stated and John felt confused by the interruption in his thoughts. “Potential flatmates should know the worst about each other.” Sherlock finished, as he looked at the other man with hope in his eyes.
Another chapter, a bit longer this time. This chapter refers to an earlier chapter 'Their son', if you did want to refresh your memory. As always this is just for fun and the warnings are at the end. Thank you for all the support and encouragement.
Warnings: None that I can think of, but do let me know if I need to list anything.
She had given it sometime before making her move. She had created a dating profile and had been poised to strike, but her plans had been thwarted when Sherlock had come back far quicker than she had anticipated. Demoralised and furious with herself, she had watched their lives from the side lines, trying to find the perfect way to ruin them. There had been no way her initial plan would have worked with this development and the immediate aftermath of the detective’s return had not been the best time to reconsider her options.
John and Sherlock process what's going on, after their first kiss.
John’s heart stopped ‘What?!’
That was all that was going through Sherlock’s mind.
John giggled and then turned his face to look at Sherlock side on. “I am sorry that I was insensitive before – I didn’t realise you would feel jealous in that way about me spending time with Sarah.”
Greg shook his head, “Well I never thought Sherlock Holmes would tie the knot.....Well unless it was to his advantage or to manipulate someone.”
Bizarrely it had been Mycroft that had come to Sherlock’s rescue and for once he had been glad for it. His brother had somehow convinced John to assist Sherlock with the plot to blow up parliament. When he had seen his doctor outside his door, he had been filled with hope and excitement. He had felt like a teenager (or what he expected it felt like to be a normal teenager).
Without Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock made a wretched sound and pushed his chair back, the sound screeching loudly in John’s ears. He stood up and leaned against the kitchen counter. “How can you say that? He is sitting right there. You are him!” He put his hands in his curls, as if he was trying to pull words out of his head. “What I said, I didn’t mean it. I was just having a difficult moment. I’m not perfect and neither are you.”
Sherlock snorted “You might as well get on your knees Lestrade if you are going to beg” he was dishevelled and sounded worn out. He spun round to face the DI, as if struck by inspiration. “-or do you only do that for Mycroft?” he sneered.
Finn coughed loudly and glared at his parents, gesturing with his eyes to Rachel, as if to remind them that she was there.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock’s frowny face returned with a vengeance “Once again John your stupidity ceases to amaze me.” The doctor stared at him, as he clenched his fists, trying to keep calm. Sherlock stood up and towered over the other man “Surely you must know that if I was ever going to romantically entangle myself with anybody, it would be with you.”
Notes: I know that technically the events of The Empty Hearse would have happened a year later (as Sherlock returned a year earlier), but I wanted to use it in my fic so I have. Thanks for getting this far :).
He hadn’t said much of anything yet, but had been very abrupt in entering the crime scene, with barely a word to anyone.
Sherlock took a moment to process everything that John had just said. He was a bit overwhelmed by feeling, a completely foreign concept to him. “I knew it was really about the body parts.” John laughed and then followed Sherlock’s movements with his eyes, as he stood up and came to sit in John’s lap. “There was a lot of....sentiment there....I liked it.”
“Yeah well maybe he should have. Maybe I am able to say what he really thought now that all the sentimentality and the history is out of the way.” The words were said with such confidence and conviction and there was a smug look on the doctor's face.
John who was awake.
“You’re dead” John gasped between fits of laughter.
“I think your brother would have something to say about that.”
Sherlock was in a bit of a daze.
“We are going to have to make this up to him.” John acknowledged.
Sherlock half smiled and looked away “I’m trying to balance not scaring you off, whilst trying to prepare you the best way I can for the reality of things. You must know that I will do everything I can to make this as easy as it possibly can be for you. I don’t want you to feel any pressure to be something you don’t feel comfortable with. If that means you don’t stay with me at 221B or never see me again-“
Mary had been very excited by his response and they had spent the next few hours ‘celebrating’. She had fallen asleep not long after and left John to contemplate what had just happened.
Sherlock stared at John, teacup paused between his saucer and his mouth. After a few moments, he blinked and finished the movement of taking a sip of tea. He brought the teacup back in place and regained his composure. His left hand came up in a flourish and John rolled his eyes at the extravagant motion. “Whether you were there or not is irrelevant.” John always liked to feel wanted “We both know it will happen eventually, so why bother delaying the inevitable? You were getting wistful over tea not five minutes ago.”
His detective had been exuberant and alive and John had basked in it. In different circumstances it might have felt like a date.
Sherlock made an involuntary noise at that comment and moved away into the kitchen. He could still hear a murmured “You are still that man” from Finn.
John had asked somebody else to marry him. He suspects this one was planned, unlike John’s proposal to him, nearly 10 years ago.
John was apprehensive about saying what he wanted to say however, as he wasn’t sure if it would be the best option. One thing he knew for certain was that Sherlock would think it was the best option, once he heard it. So John was scared to say it, because once it was out there it couldn’t be taken back and the other man would not rest until it happened, until they got that option. He was surprised Sherlock hadn’t thought of it himself, perhaps he cared too much in this – perhaps for once Mycroft was right - caring was a disadvantage.
“Thank you Dad,” Finn wiped his eyes “but out of the two of us, I’m the one who actually remembers our history and I say you had a hell of a lot to do with it.”
A voice broke his thoughts.
“Well it would have been if you hadn’t interrupted us. Are you finally going to get to the point of your visit or are you just here to deny my sexual gratification? Because if that’s the case, I can assure you I am not shy.”
“We couldn’t save him, despite everything we tried and I sat by his bedside, waiting for his guardians to arrive and staring at his lifeless form. I thought this could have been Finn, I could be this boy’s parent keeping one final vigil at his bedside or worse it could have happened to Finn and I would never have known. If things had been different, if you had never found him, if I had never suggested it, if you and I had never admitted-“
“No! No Sherlock it is you who is being ridiculous.” John had stopped pacing now and was pointing a finger directly at the taller man. “For creating that scene tonight and for letting me believe in the whole charade in the first place.”
“What?” he verbalised.
“Hey – are you ok?” The words broke his melancholy thoughts and Sherlock could feel the current John’s presence behind him. A hand reached his shoulder and squeezed it in comfort. “I woke up and you weren’t in bed. Are you in your mind castle again?”
John self realisation had made him accept that he needed a new therapist, but also that he wasn’t invincible and he needed to stop being selfish.
John sees a different side to Sherlock
“Then you drugged me into believing I was being attacked by a hound, who almost killed me – in my head.”
“Finn” the older man stopped his son’s  journey. Would there be any part of this that wouldn’t rip out Sherlock’s heart? Finn was looking at him confused. “Your father’s bag needs to go upstairs.”
He groaned as the night before came back to him.
“Dad what’s up?” He never called, he preferred to text. “What’s happened? Is Pops ok?”
“When you said-“ John stuttered and looked down at his clasped hands. “When you said ‘You’re not my John’, it opened my eyes. It made me realise that since the day I woke up in that damn hospital bed, I have been trying to live up to him. To try to be this man you hold in such high regard. The man who saved your life, more than once. Who forgave you after the worst heartbreak. Who taught you how to love, really love. Who raised a child with you. Who shared a part of you that no one else will ever be privy  to” John’s voice broke at this “not even me. The man, who made you into somebody who could deal with a situation like this and take eight months, before you finally break under the strain. And you still don’t want to give up, even now.”
John nodded “That sounds like me” he coughed, put his tea to the side and stood up. “I imagine you have been in a bit of a living nightmare since I woke up?”
“How is it that out of the three of us you are the grown up?” He joked, forcing a smile.
Sherlock half smiled that’s one way to break the ice. “He actually believes I will be there? Let’s hope he jumps.”
The detective squeezed John a little tighter, he could feel the smile forming on his face. “Never.... I’m more interested in meeting ‘Three Continents Watson’ myself”
Finn nods in acknowledgement and stares at his fingers, his arms crossed over his knees. “I get it. I was the first one to see him, so I’ve had a bit more time to.....process.”
John processed what Finn had just said, their eyes still locked on each other's. Panic started to creep in; he had gotten his thoughts mixed up.
Caring was not an advantage.
He would remember Lestrade pulling him back and saying “Let them work" and John being swarmed by paramedics.
John could feel his eyes welling up. Was this actually coming out of Sherlock’s mouth? He coughed and looked at his feet.
A very familiar open box.
“You seem lost in your own mind palace my dear.” Sherlock’s voice rumbled against his temple.
“No it’s not. I’ve never heard that tone before.”
“You’re still naked.”
And now he had had a highly emotional outburst in front of a man who considers his body transport and loathes sentiment. Who was currently acting unusually unsure. John could tell he wasn’t in his mind palace. He didn’t know what to do with his hands and his whole body was fidgeting. It seemed that for once the great detective didn’t know what to do or say.
He bustled through the door, the bell tinkling and Finn dripping water everywhere. He caught sight of John and beamed “Pops!” He walked over to join his Dad at the table “I’d give you a hug, but I’m sopping wet.”
The train carriage.
“Is that why you're smoking?” Finn quipped.
“But you are normal.....to everyone else that is. To me you make the ordinary extraordinary. It amazes me that so few people see it, but I’m glad that I can keep you for myself. You are my guide to the ‘normal world’, my conductor of light.”
Sherlock held John’s eyes, despite the space he had put between them. “I can’t lose you again.” He admitted.
“What are you doing?” John asked as he placed the food on the kitchen counter, taking two plates out and opening up the take out containers.
“Fine” he finally conceded “just give me a minute, I’ll meet you outside.”
“You absolute bloody cock” the doctor all but sobbed, as his face fell against a firm chest, with a rapidly beating heart.
“Well that’s probably never going to happen.” John
Sherlock stood up, in all his glory, “Why didn’t you say so?” he said, annoyed and reached for his Belstaff.
(See the end of the chapter for
He turned to John and looked puzzled. “What are you doing? We don’t have time for tea John – there’s a case!” he repeated and threw up his arms in enthusiasm.
There was a moment’s pause, where all they could hear was the crunching of their feet and the ambient sounds around them. Finn took a particularly loud slurp from his coffee.
“Not everything.” John mumbled, before bringing his head up and finding Finn’s eyes once more. “I don’t remember everything. Just dreams – I wasn’t sure they were real until just now.” He paused trying to formulate a suitable sentence. “I thought they might have been my optimistic subconscious giving me false scenarios. It seems I have mixed one of these moments up with reality.”
So it's been a long time since I updated this. I've recently been inspired to continue and hopefully the inspiration will keep on coming.
“And....?” he queried “It’s not like you haven’t seen me naked before, even before we started having sexual intercourse...” John put his head in his hand at this “....and now you have sucked my-“
John was awake.
“No you didn’t” Lestrade said softly, realising Sherlock was not himself. “But you have fought your own battles and..” he paused as if not sure how to finish his sentence “you are not alone.”
John had gotten a little teary. “I couldn’t face going to a crime scene and seeing a corpse and I knew if I saw you I would talk about it and I wasn’t ready. So I went out with Sarah for some inane chatter and distraction.”
What did one say when your husband remembered your life together after years of having forgotten it?
“I overreacted” the detective conceded, it was about as much of an apology that John would get.
“This changes everything” he verbalised, as he pulled himself away from the enticing man in front of him.
Finn nodded and looked around, as if we was digesting that information and cataloguing all the clues around him that proved it. John had tidied up, but it was still ‘Sherlock and John’, with disjointed furniture, newspaper cuttings and a violin. “Is it my home too now?” he asked.
(See the end of the chapter for
“So have I”
Mary was becoming impatient. John had been a long time at Sherlock’s and he wasn’t answering her calls. What could have happened?
To my best friend always SH
“Tell me about it. Tell me what we did together.”
John rolled his eyes and giggled again. “It’s distracting.”
“No!” he was hyperventilating now, he pushed past Sherlock and stood up. He started to pace “No! No, no, no bloody buggering fuck!”
“Well if the almighty Mycroft can’t help – do you want to try me?” He offered.
“I’m sorry” Sherlock stared at his tea, as they sat, quite formally opposite each other at 221B’s kitchen table. John had arrived back home in borrowed flip flops, to a stressed out Sherlock. He had got changed and the detective had made tea.
He sat up on the bed and looked at the long forgotten surroundings. His old wardrobe, the worn carpet, the bedside table with the broken handle. This was his life once - could it be again?
“I was wondering what you used to do for your girlfriends in terms of romance.” John had frowned at his comment. “It’s research for a case, an experiment” He had fumbled nervously.
“I know Sherlock, it was quite an intense situation” John conceded “But we still need to talk about what you said.”
Just as the door snicked closed, John’s eyes opened.
“I am just a shell of that man. I may look like him, sound like him and even have some of his habits, but I am not him.” John looked at the ceiling and breathed through his nose “God knows I have tried. I have tried to be the man you want me to be and I have enjoyed a lot of my time here. Sometimes I can’t believe I would ever get this lucky and it turns out, I’m actually not. Because I am not that man and I think it’s clear I never will be.”
Sherlock had started to have doubts that this was still related to the fall and the pain he had caused, John had assured him that wasn’t the case, but the detective felt that that part of their history would haunt them forever. He let out a huge sigh at the thought.
John stayed in his spot and smiled to himself. His demanding detective was definitely back.
Sherlock was stunned by the outburst and felt his own rage bubbling up in reaction. He stood himself and gripped the toilet rolls, he had spent the last God knows how long staring at. “I don’t know, I haven’t heard his voice for nearly two weeks. I don’t know what to do, what to say, how to act properly. I don’t know how to comfort you or how to make it all go away!”
He grabbed his Belstaff and hoped that all this nonsense would have miraculously disappeared when they came back.
John nodded “Don’t worry I won’t - I know how much I mean to him.”
“We need to tell Dad!” And just like that John’s euphoria popped like a balloon. Finn leaned back and looked at John with puppy dog eyes.
“Hey Pops” he heard Finn say, as he reached for John’s right hand. His voice was filled with all of the emotions Sherlock should be feeling. “What have you gone and done now eh? Chasing after murderers?! Who would have thought it?” he joked. “You are going to be alright. Dad and I are here now and we are going to look after you. You’re safe now.” Finn looked over his shoulder at him “Right Dad?”
“Yeah sure” came Finn’s reply “I’ll just put Pops’ bag away.” He continued, as he passed Sherlock in the kitchen, John’s duffel in hand.
“What does that mean? If you say I am married to my work – I’ll be the one walking out the door – because in case you haven’t noticed I am married to you now my dear doctor.” He spat the usual endearment.
“Er....Dads?” he questioned.
“It’s unlikely he will regain his memories.” Sherlock offered finally.
But Sherlock seemed oblivious to his son's discomfort and embarrassment. “Her name is Irene Adler and we have always had a very special relationship.” The detective seemed smug about this woman, but the name had sent John reeling and suddenly he remembered snippets of a conversation...
John was taken aback by this. Yes Sherlock and he had had their emotional moments, you know when a bomb and a swimming pool had been involved, but he had never seen the other man like this. He was used to the unemotional, unforgiving, unrelenting force that was Sherlock Holmes. That’s who he had fallen in love with
So John picked up his now cold tea and joined Sherlock back on the sofa.
No, no, no Sherlock thought. John was early, he wasn’t ready. He had meant to meet John at the door. Maybe blindfold him, make a big show of it, make it a surprise.
“Fine!”
He frowned at the other man. “Yes I went to grab some food with Sarah after my shift – I don’t understand why that’s an issue, I knew you would be wrapped up in the case.”
John’s anger had still been there (a few chip and pin machines had felt the brunt of it). He was also still trying to adapt to the fact that Sherlock was back. Being away from him and 221b would lead to moments of him to almost forgetting.
Then John Watson had entered his life, quite unexpectedly. He had not thought much of their first meeting, although instantly feeling that there was something different about him. He hadn’t expected their flat share would last long, not after John had spent more time with him, so he had wanted to impress him as much as he could. Hoping that John would at least remember him, even if he didn’t like him.
He had to say something comforting, something that would reassure Finn that everything would be ok, even though he knew it wouldn’t be. What would John say if their situations were reversed? Hmm....probably something along the lines of ‘Your Dad was an arrogant cock when I met him, although not much has changed, he didn’t accept love then and it make take us a while to find the man we knew again.’ He would certainly be optimistic (and he would be facing greater odds) and he would infuse Finn with that optimism and hope.
(See the end of the chapter for
Yet when the dust had settled and his very own fog had cleared from his head, he realised it wasn’t the same. John’s kisses, his touches, his looks....they lacked an intensity that Sherlock was used to, that he hadn’t even known was there to miss. There was also a lack of intimacy to their interactions, despite the very physical acts they had done together. John didn’t know Sherlock, didn’t know which side of the bed he liked to sleep on or how he liked to wake up to a kiss to the forehead. He didn’t know how ticklish he was and how that was the most sure way to get him out of bed. He didn’t know how he liked to be told what to do sometimes, didn’t know of all the things they had tried and failed at in a pile of limbs and laughter. He didn’t know that he had had tears in his eyes after their first time together, because he had never known it could be like that. But Sherlock knew everything about John, just how he liked to be touched and kissed, what positions he liked and how he liked to wrap himself around Sherlock every night. Well he knows what his John liked. This version of his detective had looked in awe at him as he brought him to the brink again and again and then had rolled to his side after a few moments of post coital cuddling.
Finn frowned and looked a little confused. “Home?”
He looked once again at his disheartened partner and put the tea he had been holding down on the side table. He coughed and looked down at his feet. Sherlock glanced over in disinterest. “We could adopt him.” John finally said.
But this information was for ‘normal’ people, not for emotionally constipated people like Sherlock. So he had been determined to work harder than everyone else and he had known that challenging would be an understatement.
He had felt untouchable.
Thank you to everyone for the comments and kudos, I am enjoying writing again. We are back in the present with this one and warnings at the end of the chapter.
He was home.
The doctors had said that the sooner he woke up, the less chance there would be of significant brain damage. The brain, however, was such an unknown entity and they wouldn’t know the full extent of John’s until he woke up.
Sherlock unfurled himself physically and flounced out of his chair to stand up. He made a dismissive movement with his hand “Oh I didn’t really think that you had slept with her.”
John stood up “Would you like some tea Finn? One thing you need to know is that we drink a lot of tea in this home, although we sometimes don’t get chance to drink it.”
The rats
John really was back, his John. He had brought him out of himself and reminded him of what was important, just like ‘old’ times.
“But what if it doesn’t work out? I am bound to mess it up at some point, forget something important – do something ‘a bit not good’” He air quoted, exasperated.
He had felt humiliated.
The woman raised her eyebrow, more awake and assessing his current state. “Seems like a good dream, want me to help you with that?”
John was shagging a fit guy he had just met and Sherlock was making love to his husband.
Was there?
The last time he held him in his arms? See his cheeky smile? His eyes dilate-
“You ok hun?” he heard a sleepy voice murmur.
(See the end of the chapter for
When....when John woke up.
Since Sherlock had turned John’s life upside down for a second time. Although this change hadn’t brought him back to life and brought meaning to it again like the first time ...he had jumped and taken all the meaning and sense out of it.
“I do like a challenge.” He said as he kissed the doctor one more time, before he jumped out of the parked cab and left John to pay.
John had been speechless. He didn’t really agree fully with Mary, was he ready for this? Her face had been full of anticipation and John had felt the pressure of her expectations. His brain stuttered to a halt and he had heard himself say “Ok".
His gaze found the detective’s eyes, as he wondered if he was reading his thoughts again. “Sherlock I -" he started, but before he could finish his sentence, Sherlock leapt up and knelt in front of the doctor, as he grabbed hold of the other man’s hands. “Sherlock what are you-?”
“Yes John and I had just established that.” He got a pinch from John for that comment. “Ow!”
He left the bathroom and found the detective, with Finn, in the living room.
“Do not use my shirts or any of my clothes for experiments!” John quite firmly shouted “Or because you are bloody bored!”
Finn looked flustered and didn’t know what to do. She feigned a louder sob. “Ok, ok. It might be better to hear it from me first, give you time to process before seeing Pops again.” He paused and took a deep breath “He has regained his memories of everything, of us, of my Dad.” He beamed.
“I mean neither was ‘My John’” Sherlock air quoted “You did all those things you listed, but you were flawed too. You are stubborn, sometimes completely oblivious and have an unhealthy relationship with chip and pin machines.”
“You’re insatiable”
John’s eyes widened in surprise. “Mycroft?”
He also acknowledged the absence of his son, his brother and even Molly from the room. If this was some big happy reunion, wouldn’t they be here?
He reached the doorway of the bedroom and found said detective standing at the back of the room, with a very familiar box in his hands.
“You still are” Finn said “Nobody is perfect Pops, but we love just the way you are.”
Oh....well that did make some sort of sense to John. He could feel himself to start to feel a little lighter, but “What about Irene?”
He remembered that this was his chair. Sherlock was sat in his own chair. Sherlock his husband.
Sherlock was leaning against a cement structure on top of St Bart’s Hospital.
So yes raising a child was challenging and despite all the warnings and preparations, it was still taking him by surprise. He was currently lying in bed thinking of all this, John snoozing beside him, when he heard a loud scream from Finn’s bedroom.
Mary felt her anger bubbling underneath the surface and her eyes turned cold as stone. Once again her plans had been scuppered, but as she glanced at Finn she realised perhaps she could still come up with a grand finale. “Well that is very unfortunate for you Finn.” She grabbed him and pressed the gun she always kept in her handbag into his side. “Very unfortunate indeed. You need to come with me now.”
He heard John’s louder reply. “More than anything.”
John snorted and laughed in disbelief, standing up and pacing away from the coffee table. The reaction stung. “Of course Sherlock it’s just that easy.” He responded sarcastically. He took a deep breath “What you told me last night was horrific and I hate that you went through that for me. I hate that I didn’t know that you were going through that. That bloody Mycroft and Molly perfect Hooper knew and didn’t do a pigging thing about it. That they let you fake your death to save my life.” He air quoted at those last words and turned to look at Sherlock again. “But you weren’t here Sherlock, you don’t what I went through. You don’t know how close I came to becoming the man I was before I met you...” John looked at his feet again, before staring Sherlock dead in the eye. “...The man who regularly eyed the gun in his drawer.”
Sherlock looked uncomfortable at this. “I have been known to do that. I’m sor-“
‘God was there a time they didn’t do this?’ filtered through John’s brain.
“Damn right you did.” John threw back at him. The doctor had gone quite red and he was breathing harshly through his nose. His anger was taking hold of him, threatening to make him lose control again. He turned away and leant against the fireplace, looking into the empty hearth.
The detective took his silence as admission. “What would dear Mary think of her new, reliable boyfriend getting jealous of Sherlock Holmes? Are you sure you are ready for a new relationship John, when you clearly still have strong emotions surrounding your husband?”
Sherlock nodded and stood rigid. John could tell he was just about holding it together. “Come here” John said, voice full of emotion. Sherlock shook his head and looked away, as John moved closer and reached for him.
“Oh Sherlock” she shook her head and disappeared with a frustrated “Oh I’ll leave you to him” as John’s head replaced hers at the door.
His mind was racing – marriage? How had he found himself here? He was just finding his feet and suddenly he was now potentially tied up for life....again? Which brought him to the main reason he couldn’t sleep....
“Oh really?.....Does my help include distracting you to the point where you have forgotten the experiment ever existed?”
This is another flashback scene, but it could be at any point in the past of Sherlock and John's romantic relationship. It is more of a lead up to the next chapter and quite short. Thank you for reading - as always this is just for fun. Warnings at the end of the chapter.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh” he eloquently replied. He felt exposed and a little frustrated. How was he meant to interact with someone who had known him for so long, but he had only just met? “What happens next?” that seemed like a reasonable place to start.
How was he meant to deal with this? John was his guide to human emotion. How does one deal with the most difficult situation you have ever faced without your conductor of light? How does one explain the importance of a chair?
He touched his forehead to the cold window pane in front of him and sighed, so that the glass became fogged around him. The cigarette was dying in his fingers and he put it out on the sill. John wouldn’t like that. Well his John wouldn’t like that, his John wouldn’t have let him get away with smoking. He would be wrapped up in his John’s arms right now and wouldn’t need to be smoking in the first place. He sighed again.
Momentary relief swept through Finn. “Then the only thing I need to know is where you are, I can find the rest out once I see you.”
Heartbreak.
“Oh yes of course everything’s great, fantastic.” A big grin grew on Finn’s at this.
John coughed and looked at his feet, a sure sign to Sherlock he was hiding something “Did you-you not hear what I just said?”
He was procrastinating and he knew it. He needed to bite the bullet and tell Sherlock the ‘truth', even though he felt like there was ash in his mouth at the thought of saying anything out loud. He had to be convincing though, he had to seem....happy, Mr Deduce-a-lot would see through it if he wasn’t totally behind what he was saying. He took a deep breath, cleared his throat, looked at his feet and turned to face the other man.
“That’s going to take some getting used to.” Finn sighed.
His lack of reaction must have registered, as a look of concern covered John’s features. “A nightmare based in reality” he elaborated, when he finally found his voice.
“Sherlock “ John whispered
“Tell me what happened.”
Sherlock had adamantly refused from the outset. John was going to wake up and Sherlock was going to be there when he did. Lestrade continued to come in each day with a different case to tempt him into leaving and each day Sherlock lost a little more hope. Six days after Lestrade started his quest, something in Sherlock finally snapped.
John had been awake for a few months now and Sherlock was finding it difficult. He didn’t know how to be a husband without John to guide him through it. He didn’t know how to give a man back a life he had lost and the only alternative was for him to give up. Sherlock wasn’t prepared to do that, so he wasn’t giving any thought to that option. Plus he knew that if the shoe was on the other foot, John would never give up on him.
He heard a muffled “I love you so much” from John, before he pulled away and kissed his son’s forehead.
“John forgive me.” Sherlock interrupted, he seemed crushed. “Please allow me a moment of weakness. Your facial expressions have taught me over the years when something is a ‘bit not good’”.
Arousal shot through the detective at this, he did love it when John was impressed with him and he usually was very enthusiastic in showing how much. Sherlock had looked it up once, apparently it’s called a praise kink. He had a praise kink that was very John Watson specific.
Sherlock’s whole expression fell at his words. “No of course not, forgive me I-“
Sherlock smirked, who knew caring could feel so bloody damn brilliant.
“Sherlock I need to tell you something.....it’s not easy for me to say....but I want you to know that this....development has made me really happy and I know you want me to be happy.....and I want you to be happy too and I think this could be a new start for all of us....so I am just going to say it....Mary and I are engaged.” His eyes had stayed on the floor and he gradually managed to bring them up to a silent Sherlock.....who was still looking into his microscope, not paying any attention at all.
“I don’t think so son, we just helped you on your way.”
“Hmm”
Sherlock sank into his arms.
“John I am not romantically interested in Molly Hooper. She meant the most to me, as she could provide me with a dead body. Despite your numerous skills and qualities, I don’t feel they stretch to that.”
Sherlock’s mind started whirring at this and kicked into detective mode. There was clearly something bigger going on here. Who was Mary Morstan? Sherlock had deliberately held back in deducing her – he hadn’t wanted to know. He cursed himself now for his emotions getting in the way. Especially as John was at risk – why would Mary want to kill him? Why then seduce him? Pull him away from his family?
The detective cupped his cheek and tilted his face towards his own. “You had an emotional moment with Finn.” He deduced. John nodded. “He told you about how I knew I was in love.” Another nod. “Yet you already knew that my dear doctor.”
Jesus this man.
(See the end of the chapter for
He looked towards the empty couch, where his son had been sitting earlier.
There was only one way to find out – he had to try. He had to put one foot in front of the other and see what happened.
The detective smiled “Yes I do, but it’s always nice to hear it.”
Mentions of drug use
“I remember” John whispered, looking directly at Sherlock and into his soul. “God...I remember”. The shorter man’s face fell forward, on to Sherlock’s chest, as sobs wrecked his body.
“Sherlock would you just-“
John had felt inadequate....unworthy, yet that anger and hurt was still coursing through him. He was a selfish human being when it came to emotions and the people he cared about. John was meant to be the soldier, the one who looked after other people. The one who made tea and shot down murderous cabbies. How dare Sherlock jump off a roof for him? John could look after himself and he didn’t need Sherlock to protect him. He needed the detective here with him.....always.
Before that thought could fully form in his mind a “John!” was heard from the flat. Bloody hell, they were here. ‘Pull yourself together Watson’ he thought to his reflection. ‘You are a soldier.’
Thank you to everyone who continues to read and support this fic. I am still having a lot of fun with this and the story keeps on growing in ways I never thought it would. I don't think there are any warnings, except that this chapter features Sherlock having a healthy friendship with Molly. If you don't like her, this might not be tbe chapter for you. Any other warnings I'll pop at the end. Thanks for reading and as ever Sherlock doesn't belong to me and this is all just for fun!
So he had googled ‘What is the most romantic way to propose?’ which was much worse. The results had boggled his brain and there was no clear cut answer, how was he going to get John to say yes if he didn’t get it right? He was halfway to organising a hot air balloon trip, where a plane would fly over with the all important question, when he remembered Molly’s second piece of advice.
John laughed “Well yes, probably best. How are you? How was your class?” Finn was studying social work, he had expressed to John his passion to help young kids, like him. Despite the little the doctor knew about his son, he knew that it would be a perfect fit for the young man. He was kind, understanding, could get on with anyone and had experience behind his eyes that was beyond his years. Plus he had Sherlock Holmes as a father, so if he can deal with him...
“Don’t be bloody stupid Sherlock” John’s voice was tight and breathy, a sure sign that his temper was starting to get the better of him. “Did she know that you faked your death? Like Mycroft, your parents and bloody Molly Hooper?!” John was fully shouting now, in his distinctive way, making certain words louder and becoming quieter towards the end.
Sherlock let go of his shoulder and patted him on the back, before he turned back to the tea and Finn moved towards the stairs.
Then the waiter had turned into ‘an old friend’, which had led John to push said waiter halfway across the restaurant, before headbutting him in the face.
Sherlock, still stunned, nodded dumbly. “No more negativity.” He agreed. “That was very well put Finn, your father would have just punched me.”
“It was just after the two of you got married and you said the life that you had found yourself in you could never have imagined......but you also said you were happier than you ever thought you would be.”
How had this happened?
“Dad” John looked up at this, Finn had never called him that. “You have nothing to forgive. I can be here for you too, plus it gives me experience for my future career.”
“Don’t pull that with me Sherlock, I know you better than that.” He let go of Sherlock and looked at his feet. “Are you seeing someone else?”
“That’s better,” Finn conceded. “And, as you so bluntly put it, it’s likely that you will have to remember for both of you, for the three of us. Maybe that’s what we need to do to get through the storm.”
Sherlock smirked without feeling and turned towards the edge of the roof. He started to make his way to the spot, THE spot.
He watched his body fly into the air on impact and could feel and hear the crunch as gravity brought that beloved body back to the ground.
“It did take you 5 and a half minutes though.” John smirked.
Once he had come back, he had resigned himself to a life of unrequited romantic love, but safe in the knowledge that he had John’s love and affection as a friend (and after his roof stunt he was lucky to have that he knew). He was preparing himself for the woman who would finally win John’s heart. He would of course do all he could to thwart her, she wouldn’t be worthy of John if she couldn’t survive that.
John’s lease had been up on the bedsit last month and Mary had suggested he stay with her until he could find something else. She suggested it was better to know now if they could live together and if it worked maybe he wouldn’t need to move out. John thought he must have agreed somewhere along the way, as he looked at their toothbrushes standing proudly together.
“It’s fine, it’s all fine.” He said as he squeezed the hand he was holding. Sherlock closed his eyes. John wasn’t sure what was going through the other man’s head.
He was no longer ignorant of love and he didn’t want to be ignorant of marriage any longer. He was a possessive and demanding person and he wanted John to belong to him. He wanted Finn to have married parents, to have that extra security that they weren’t going away. Sherlock wanted that security. He wanted to grow old with John and share the rest of their lives together. He had wanted that for a long time and now they had the option to make it official. He could hear Mycroft’s voice scoffing in his head at the notion, but he also envisioned John’s soft, encouraging smile, at the thought. And as always John won out.
The reality in the cold light of the morning was slightly different, but still.....hopeful and John was determined to make something of it.
His surroundings slowly came in to focus and he could see why this particular memory had chosen to rear it’s ugly head this evening. There was a thunder storm raging outside and he had left the window open, and slept in nothing but his boxers and a sheet, as it had been a particularly warm evening. The joys of summer in London. John would have checked the forecast and prepared. He didn’t do well with thunderstorms either.....in fact he was probably being affected by this one – even worse than usual, as his mind thought Afghanistan was only a few months ago.
“No...” His voice cut off, unable to continue. “Mycroft wanted to call you, he said ‘I wasn’t capable’. I need to prove him wrong, but....I can’t say it out loud.”
“Your Dad – why? What’s happened?” Mary’s mind started analysing Finn, as she tried to get some clues to what was going on.
Once the adoption had been finalised, Finn started to defy them at every turn. He would refuse to go to bed on time, do his homework or talk to them about anything. His therapist had suggested he was testing them, daring them to ‘send him back’. Sherlock had spent a night lying on the couch in his mind palace, contemplating this information and going over every moment with Finn and analysing it. John had greeted him with a cup of tea the following morning, with a sad smile on his face. He clasped the hot drink in his hands and felt John’s arm wrap round his shoulders. He nestled into the warmth of his doctor’s neck and breathed him in.
“What?” Sherlock said in disbelief. Mary was John’s attacker?
He was focusing on the feeling of John’s pulse under his fingertips and his own heartbeat pounding against John’s ear. If he didn’t, he thought he might fall apart. Had John really said those words? Did he really remember? Sherlock was just so happy to have him back in his arms that he didn’t want to break the moment with silly questions. If he had misunderstood, he wanted to live in this moment for a little longer.
Mycroft seemed to have a similar realisation to Molly a few moments before. His nephew was no longer the little boy he once was. The one who was scared of his umbrella and sulked on his bottom step because he didn’t get his way. He nodded “I wish you the best of luck. Inform me if there is anything either of you need, whatever it is I will sort it. I will also keep you informed of Dr Watson’s status, should there be an update.”
John seemed to come out of the fog of his memory at that “Now hang on a minute that’s not fair – don’t say stuff like that in front of our son and his girlfriend, who by the way we are meant to be making a good impression on.”
He felt that maybe for the first time he had had a glimpse of the real Sherlock Holmes.
John comes home to Baker Street
He had just woken up from that sleep. He was groggy and a little confused, as Sherlock wafted fresh tea in front of his nose. He was still taking in his new (old?) reality.
“Finn” Sherlock’s voice sounded wrecked.
He was still shivering and found his favourite Grandad jumper of John’s to keep him warm. If he couldn’t hold John, this was the closest thing. His mind was brought back to their first night together, after their declarations and first kiss. He had wondered then if he would get to hold John whenever he wanted to and he had during their life together so far (except perhaps when he had done something ‘a bit not good’). There had been lazy mornings snogging on the couch and relaxed evenings curled together watching James Bond or other inane action programmes John made him watch. He had loved wrapping his arms round John as he made tea, loving how his smaller frame fit perfectly against his own. Or John would jolt him out of himself during an experiment or a case in the same way, arms tight round his chest and his voice just reaching over his shoulder, telling him to eat. There were the ‘I’m glad your alive’ hugs or the ‘that deduction was so sexy’ hugs on cases – much to the amusement of Lestrade and the rest of Scotland Yard. Sherlock had blushed a lot at first.
John nodded, the emotion was still getting to him.
Warnings: mentions of sexual situations (hints at het), mental health exploration, mentions of dead bodies
Of course he was. Why wouldn’t he? He doesn’t know it’s Sherlock’s chair. He doesn’t remember the many afternoons they had sat opposite each other, playing chess, drinking tea. The many evenings in front of the fire reading Finn stories or once he had gone to bed, sitting in each others laps snogging like teenagers. The clients....the arguments....the memories.
“Oh yeah.” John replied absently and took a sip of his pint. They were meeting up for a drink at their local.
Sherlock looked at him curiously.
“So I had resigned myself to loving him and keeping it to myself; making the most of what I had. I didn’t want to lose him completely and, as you know, the way my feelings eventually did come to the surface was out of frustration more than anything else.” Finn nodded in recognition and Sherlock continued.
Then Sherlock Holmes had come along. Her dear James had become obsessed with him from the very start. They had played their silly game (although she never would have called it silly in front of him) and nothing else had seemed to matter - not even her.
“Come on Sherlock it’s not that big of a deal.” John broke through his melancholy thoughts, as he brought him a cup of tea over and joined him at the table.
Of requited and unconditional love.
Sherlock followed through the front door, down the stairs and gave chase along the street outside, he shouted at Lestrade as he ran past “Back up!!”
“Well I wasn’t exactly going to use mine.”
John’s heart swelled. He didn’t think he would ever get used to Sherlock saying things like that and being so open.
John’s eyes came alight in understanding - Sherlock had told him what had happened in the year they had been apart. The year he had been dead. What he had done....what had been done to him. How he had dismantled Moriaty’s network piece by piece.
His urge was broken by the smashing of ceramic on the kitchen floor. Had John resorted to throwing things at him?
Some time after his fall, Sherlock's world is torn apart....
“Dad?” Finn mumbled into his coat, as he pulled away and looked into his eyes.
The detective nodded and he felt the lock he had on his emotions start to break “I miss him and I’m tired......I’m fed up of pretending that everything is ok, that I’m ok with living half a life. I’ve tried, I’ve really tried to get this to work-“
There was a long silence and the tension between them turned into something else. Finally John spoke “Do you know what I was thinking about as I came through the door just then? After spending the evening with a beautiful woman, who was ‘pawing’ at me?” the other man shook his head. “How much I wanted you to ravish me.”
The detective looked affronted and stood up to stand by John, towering over his frame. “Smaller dogs can just be as dangerous as bigger ones.”
“I am more than happy just being friends with you. After everything I have put you through, I fully appreciate still being a part of your life in any capacity. I do not ask for nor demand anything more, although I can’t promise I won’t sabotage any potential life mates. I will most certainly pick them apart, but I can’t have you thinking that there could possibly be anybody else but you for me.”
“What’s the plans for the honeymoon? Hunting a serial killer?”
He had never really recognised sexual attraction to anyone man or woman and he had never concerned himself with it, unless it was needed for a case.
Sherlock stood and slowly followed him in a daze. He held himself on the door frame to the bathroom once he got there and looked at his husband, who was sprawled on the floor and leant against the bath – clearly having just emptied the contents of his stomach into the toilet.
John shook himself, as if startled and finally murmured “Had a bit of a lazy one really. Mary -" he stuttered a little on the name, looking at Sherlock uncomfortably. He coughed and continued. “Mary and I had coffee at that new place that has opened near the hospital and we needed a few groceries, so we nipped to Tesco.”
...but he hadn’t been able to face going back to his own flat alone. Despite his anger, a big part of him was too scared to let Sherlock out of his sight, in case it was another trick. In case he had dreamt it...
Sherlock put his tea down, turning towards John and carried on hurriedly. “John you asked for one more miracle and here it is.”
Warnings: mentions of sexual situations.
He must have drifted off at some point, as Mary’s alarm woke him up at her usual 7am wake up time. His eyes felt sore and he had a headache. He had slept, but he hadn’t rested.
“Yes you are and don’t you ever forget it.” The detective replied, giving him a swift kiss and pulling him towards their bedroom.
Without John.
“My dear doctor, we have been courting each other since the day we met.” John face became full of confusion at this. Sherlock moved his hands down the other man’s neck, fluttering along the tendons there. “I took you for a candlelit dinner.”
“You’re happy?” Greg broke the silence. John looked up and saw a concerned glance in his eye.
Finn was full on crying now “Those words changed my life. Do you remember what happened next?” Finn asked, his eyes hopeful.
“I loved him and I literally fell. There was something I could do to keep him safe. I had put him in danger and I fixed it. I stopped the threat. This time-“ His voice broke at this point and the wind moved through his curls, as he put his hand without the lit cigarette over his mouth. As if to try to stop the words from coming out. “I put him-I put him in danger again, it’s my fault. I don’t know what it feels like to hit concrete at speed, but it’s got to feel better than this.”
“I-I didn’t know how else to come back to you.” Sherlock started once their eyes had locked. “I found out you were on a date tonight and I thought it would be like old times....Me coming along and ruining them.”
Coming back from the dead had been a not boring experience for Sherlock Holmes.
The taller man shrugged out of his Belstaff, throwing it across the room and John found himself being pinned to the table, by a hot and clearly horny detective. Sherlock snogged him to within an inch of his life and he felt himself start to react to the detective’s ministrations. “John” the detective moaned near to his ear as he pulled away and started to move down the shorter man's body.
And John would have had him.
Back in the cab, he finished his texts to Lestrade. “Could be an 8” he murmured.
The evening that had followed at Baker Street, his first back, had had more impact on him than John’s knuckles. He had been brought back to reality with a bump and John’s non-violent reaction had deflated his bubble of excitement and....hope.
Now all John needed to decide was whether it was what he wanted. He was happy, content – why mess with that? He had taken a leap of faith years ago and kissed Sherlock and he couldn’t even begin to imagine his life if he hadn’t done that, how worse off he would be. Would this be another of those moments? He can’t be lucky enough for it to pay off twice, but if it did pay off?......Well that would be something else entirely. There wasn’t anything missing from his life with Sherlock, nothing he would wish for, but if given this option he would take it with both hands.
“Don’t Sherlock, just don’t.” John snapped, as he grabbed his coat and left the flat in his pyjamas and bare feet.
“Being with a woman.”
He stared at the platinum band on his finger, while he waited for the kettle to boil.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock was gaping a little now, eyes still like saucers. After a few moments, he stood up in a flourish out of his chair and kissed John on the forehead with a loud smack. He grabbed John’s face in his hands and looked him directly in the eyes. “I love you John Hamish Watson.” And continued on to the kitchen to call Mycroft.
“I didn’t invade Afghanistan.” He said stupidly. He would look back later and realise he had been in shock. Total and utter shock, as his world crumbled around him. It was almost that he couldn’t hear that Lestrade was saying he was alive, he was so convinced he was dead – he had seen him die.
But Sherlock interrupted him “Once again it’s ok for you to be shagging half the city, but if I have even the sniff of someone else then it becomes a problem.”
“I never doubted you loved me.” John replied vehemently “But we have been together a while now, things can change, love can change. And you were acting strange, more distant than usual and then you asked me about romancing a woman.” Sherlock gaped at him in disbelief. “Then today you looked....devastated when I walked into the flat. I was home early and I wondered if I had interrupted-“
The detective himself had been confident that the process would be a success. Well in so much that he had every faith that John could pull it off and would make sure that he would too. What had been gnawing at him was that Finn would decide that this wasn’t his forever home. There had been a whole workshop and intense counselling session on the very possibility and it had hit Sherlock harder than he thought it would.
Sherlock had frozen at that and had almost given up on the whole proposal plan, because that sounded like an excellent way to spend an afternoon. “Tempting, but no that’s not what I had in mind.”
At this point, Finn came back from upstairs. He took one look at the scene in front of him and burst into tears.
That’s how long John had been in a coma.
“The Woman” John corrected “who almost got us both killed.”
He didn’t cry, didn’t speak. He just felt numb and disorientated. He would never be able to recall how long they were there on the road, how long they worked on John. He would remember looking at his red hands covered in John’s blood and thinking this was the last bit of life left of him and Sherlock was covered in it.
“How could you think I would do that?” John finally whispered loudly – his anger still simmering under the surface.
“Well somebody’s in a good mood today. Have you finally got your memories back John?” A long haired and bearded man approached him. At John’s vacant expression, he continued “Ah I guess not then, but whatever you did to shut him up, we appreciate it. I’m Anderson by the way.” He held out his hand to shake.
“Pish posh John – I want you to wear them.” The detective demanded, with bright wide eyes, as he moved closer to John in the doorway of their bedroom
John sobered at this, “Err....no not yet Mrs Hudson, we were just....”
A happier smile came across Finn’s face then. “Well Dad had taken down my father’s...empire and I was set for foster homes, a life in the system. They couldn’t find any living relatives. Sherlock, as he was to me then, and I had bonded and he had helped me with my police interviews. I found him so fascinating and he didn’t want anything from me. In fact he had helped me, no one had helped me before, especially not an adult. I idolised him and, in my naivety, I didn’t understand why I couldn’t go home with him. He had told me about Baker Street, about his experiments and about you. To me it sounded idyllic, exciting. A proper apartment, where I could do cool experiments and fight crime, he sounded like a super hero.”
It had been so long since he had truly spent time with John and it felt like they were them again. They had giggled and bickered. They had caught up, well Sherlock had deduced John and the doctor had looked at him in amazement. The detective had missed his praise and his smile. The way he coughed and looked at his feet when he was nervous. The way he looked at the sky in exasperation when Sherlock said something ‘a bit not good’. He had missed him, he had missed his John.
Hope you enjoyed - apologies for the angst!
John popped his head through the kitchen doorway. He had likely overheard their exchange, which must have also been difficult for him to listen to. “Anything I can do to help?”
“Right, right” the doctor had calmed, though still reeling from the shock.
“She proposed to me.” He whispered and saw the understanding and relief light up Sherlock’s face. “I had stupidly thought that if I said yes it would give us the fresh start we needed to get over each other.”
“Thank you.” John simply stated. He was touched by the words and truly grateful for the man’s patience. How hard must it be to not be recognised by the man you love and still welcome him into your home?
Mrs Hudson had certainly had a fright...
John smirked, liking his boldness and this side of the other man. “Lead the way Mr Holmes.” He said, gesturing towards Sherlock’s bedroom.
John’s eyes had widened at this in understanding. He had tightened his hold on Sherlock and kissed his forehead. “Our poor boy.” He had whispered and then “You are amazing Sherlock we are both so lucky to have you. We will get through this...together.”
Ah....ok he hadn't been expecting that. When had Finn got old enough to be thinking about love? John wasn't sure he was ready for this conversation. He could see Finn looking at him hesitantly. His son had had the  courage to ask, he needed to have the courage to answer. “Hmmm...I don’t know if I am the best person for you to ask that question to. I had been in love with your Dad for years before I realised it. I mean he had to jum-“ he stopped himself from finishing that sentence. They had told Finn the basic details of Sherlock’s time away, but never the finer points, like how John had had to watch him fall to his 'death'.
John thought, but he couldn’t say it.
John grinned and pulled Sherlock along with him to their apartment, the two of them giggling like school boys.
“Do you know what we...what he went through to have this?” He was shouting now and John was silently seething. He couldn’t stop himself, couldn’t help putting all the blame and injustice into this imposter standing in front of him. “No you don’t, you just slept through it all and are reaping the rewards.”
Finn’s eyes started to water and John could tell this was real, he didn’t make this up. He grabbed Finn’s free hand and wiped the tears that started to slowly fall down his son’s cheeks. “I told you-“ John’s voice faltered “I told you that nobody was perfect, but we love you just the way you are now and who you were then.”
Another sound came from above them. “Some one is still here.” John whispered and next thing they knew a woman was running down the stairs of the house and out the landing window on to a garage underneath. “HEY! Stop!” John shouted before running after her through the broken window.
“You have had sex with Sarah!” the detective almost shouted. “She knows you intimately and she still makes you smile like that. How is it unusual for me to feel jealous of that?”
He put a second handful of ice in a tea towel and walked over from where he was in the kitchen into the once familiar living room. He handed the second ice pack to the sullen looking man, who was currently sat there, back in ‘his’ chair.
The doctor’s eyes closed at his continued ministrations, but was still able to find his voice “And cut it short for a mad hunt for a serial killer that ended in a gunshot and you almost getting yourself killed.”
“I know...and you’re stubborn.” He countered.
“Of course and John and I will be on our best behaviour.”
John had kissed him.
This is how Finn found them some time later. It was quite an unusual scene they made, especially in recent years. They also seemed completely engrossed in each other and unaware of their surroundings, including Finn.
“I know Dad, I know, but you need to step away. You can’t jump again.” Finn pleaded.
The train carriage
She had known that Sherlock Holmes was trouble and that he wasn’t worthy of all that attention. She had known that he was Moriarty’s weakness and she had told James as much.
“Pfft...please I bought you a much nicer one that you have never worn. We are trying to make a good impression here.” His eyes subtly moved downwards to Finn, who was looking between them with his mouth agape. John was a bit stuck for words, what a great first impression he was making.
“Have you been listening to anything I said?” Sherlock looked blankly at him and Finn groaned in frustration. “Dad! This is important!” the young man looked stressed and wound up. The detective deduced that he was nervous about the lunch.
Sherlock started laughing without humour and pulled away from the edge. He looked manic, like the madman who once stood with him there. He looked at the younger man and said “I’m not going to jump.” Sherlock could hear the sigh of relief from where he stood. “If there is the slightest chance your father survives this nightmare, I wouldn’t let him wake to that....And you must know I would never willingly leave you Finn.”
He heard a panicked “John!” break through his mind and Sherlock was in front of him. He searched the now oh so familiar eyes and felt all the emotion of the moment, of all their shared moments....of their life. He grabbed the other man like a lifeline, his fingers found the detective’s forearms and gripped them tightly.
“The doctor said he was a bit disorientated, but I never expected him to not know who I was. I have never seen him look at me so blankly, so devoid of emotion.”
Ok so I am posting this next chapter right away, as I have had this written since before I started posting this fic. My sister was proof reading my work and I was doing a lot of the more angsty chapters and she wanted some happiness, so I wrote this, I hope you enjoy. I don't think there are any warnings, but let me know if I have missed anything. Once again this is just for fun.
“You were magnificent. So strong, so commanding – I almost fell to my knees right then and there.”
“Excuse me?”
“You did and do, but you also work in the ER and were on shift for a lot of this case, plus for part of it Dad went undercover as a drug addict and didn’t tell you.”
“Fancy joining me in the shower?”
Molly pulled back from him and motioned him to follow her through the depths of the hospital. “Severe head trauma and brain swelling.” She looked at the teenager to gauge his reaction, which remained stoic. He motioned with his eyes for her to continue. “Your father is on his way to surgery. The prognosis isn’t hopeful. Your Dad has already worked out the survival probabilities in that big head of his and seems to have shut down completely.”
Sherlock nodded in recognition. He had said those words to Finn during the first days of their acquaintance. He had stolen them however from a much wiser man, who had said them to him many years before.........
“Oh right....same thing though right? You got something on your mind and you are trying to figure it out.”
John woke up in a sweat from his dream. For once it wasn’t a nightmare that had set his heart racing.....dog tags....and Sherlock?
John opened the door to the living room at Baker Street and called out to Sherlock. After no reply and not spotting the detective in the living room or kitchen, he pottered over to the kettle to make some tea.
The evening that followed had seen them riding on the highs of their success, the thrill of the case and for Sherlock the thrill of forgiveness.
The other problem had been that Sherlock was clever – she could see why James had fallen into his web....to a point, unlike her long lost love however she was not taken into his orbit. She had been determined to outsmart him, outwit him.
The other man blushed. “I see how ridiculous it seems now, but I do feel it. Of course I know you would never be unfaithful, but you could fall out of lust with me. I mean you practically had the same suspicion when I tried to propose......I guess I got frustrated that it was ok for you to feel it, but it was ridiculous if I did.”
This wasn’t his husband.
“John” Sherlock almost moaned.
Finn looked at him confused, but remained silent. John tried to pull himself together. “I’m not going to force you to keep this from Sherlock or anybody else, but I am begging you to. If he finds out, it may set back the progress we have made. He will find hope in it and then I will find hope that they will come back. I can’t live my life with that hope, because I have done that already and your Dad’s heart barely survived it.”
Molly stood up at this and grasped the other man by the arms. “Sherlock you don’t need to change anything about yourself! John wouldn’t-“
John placed the other homemade ice pack over his knuckles, whilst Sherlock gingerly put his to his cheek. The doctor looked over at his own chair and childishly chose to sit on the sofa.
Warnings - mention of sexual situations and very light dom/sub undertones.
“Fine!”
“In a way it does, it helps me realise that I can’t do anything about the past, but maybe I can use it to help others move past their own demons and have their own futures.”
Sherlock looked over the edge, just like he did all those years ago. It still looked a long way down. However instead of looking into Jim’s dark eyes, he found the worried blue eyes of his son. “Twelve years ago I stood on this roof and I jumped.”
Sherlock had met Finn during a case. He had been working undercover as a drug addict (he hadn’t told John) and he had barely noticed him at first. He was focused on the case and bringing down the head honcho of a human trafficking ring.
“Sherlock?” John questioned. The detective was frozen.
He didn’t want to be so alone anymore.
John giggled, “Well I was about to tell you.”
Her first plan had been to seduce John while Sherlock had been ‘dead'. She had known he would come back to him as soon as Moriarty's minions had been defeated.
John’s temper reached another level at those words. “I swear to God Sherlock if you insinuate one more time that I slept with Sarah this afternoon I will walk out that door and I can’t promise how long it will be before I come back.”
Sherlock actually made a sobbing noise at this and clamped his hand over his mouth, as he was full on crying at this point. Finn had never told them that he loved them and had never called either of them Dad. Although both of them considered the boy their son, they didn’t want to ever put the pressure on Finn to define them in that way.
That was an emotional punch to the gut, he had described love that way to his son years ago. And John had said...“And together you don’t complete each other, but are a better two?” he quipped towards the kettle, as he carried on making their tea. “You could survive without her, but you don’t want to?”
Thanks for all the support for this fic, we are nearly at the end everyone! Warnings at the end of the chapter. As ever this is just for fun!
Sherlock stopped struggling, as his body registered the shock. This wasn’t his husband....not in mind anyway. The arms around him tightened in some sort of embrace, before letting him go. He looked behind him and saw a flash of silver hair, Lestrade had caught up with him then.
“I know, but I wanna do more.” He sighed.
Almost being the operative word.
Back in the present day Sherlock waits for news on John.
Sherlock stood at the right hand window of the living room at 221b, smoking a cigarette. There was an early morning mist hanging around Baker Street and only a few other lost souls wondering around in its depth.
The puppeteer of the British government had said that Sherlock (and subsequently his country) needed him for a case. Apparently that had been what John had needed to hear and for once he had done what Mycroft Holmes had wanted him to do.
John was left behind, with the crime investigation team and the dead body. His fingers found his lips, still a little stunned.
“I’m glad I have been able to help you indirectly, but it doesn’t make the memories any easier.”
Sherlock giggled and John looked at him and slowly felt the beginning of a smile on his own face. Before he knew it they were bothering giggling like the school boys they had behaved like and the tension was broken.
Before Sherlock could formulate a sentence, Finn’s raspy voice filtered through his brain. “I’ve sent Mycroft to the roof.”
He took a deep breath.....inhale......exhale.
It was times like these that Sherlock almost forgot things had changed so much.
John was nervous, it didn’t take Sherlock Holmes to figure that out, he could see it in his own reflection in the bathroom mirror. Today he was going to meet Finn. Despite his protestations, Mycroft had helped them in the process of trying to foster him and after many trials and tribulations, the boy was coming to Baker Street. He wouldn’t be staying, but hopefully (if things went well) he would be soon.
He was saved from going through the cycle again by the door to the room creaking open. Mycroft Holmes was standing in the doorway.
Sherlock rushed towards him, shouting “John!”
Christ what a fucking cock he was.
John seemed surprised at this. “Nightmares from the crash?” he asked curiously.
How wonderful would it have been if John was already in love with someone else once he returned? How she would have loved to see his face when he realised he wasn’t the centre of John’s universe anymore! And it all would have been a lie! That had certainly felt like the sweetest revenge.
This confirmation that their family was real had had a big effect on all three of them, in different ways.
When...when he woke up.
He did not just think that. He could wallow in his unrequited love with a dead man, but he had to stop that – now that Mr Deduce-a-lot was back.
Sherlock felt sick – that was far too much information than he needed. At least his brother seemed to have had  a word with his sex buddy to establish the parameters of their relationship.
Sherlock reeled in shock “You couldn’t have led with that?” his voice furious, despite the low tones. “He’s stable?” he asked more calmly.
It was taking time to process that his ‘best’ friend was back from the dead....
“Are you wearing a ring?” Lestrade asked disbelievingly.
Trying to face away from the most devastating, improbable truth.
Sherlock held is gaze then and John watched his pupils dilate. “I’d rather show you.”
John shook his head “Like I said, just moments. A lot of it is mangled and woven in to my other thoughts and memories. It was only when you highlighted it that the memory fully came back.”
The detective pulled a face and did a whole body shake “Ugh please don’t remind me.” Finn giggled and Sherlock was glad that the tension had eased away from his son.
John nodded stiffly, he felt old wounds reopening over his heart. Despite John forgiving Sherlock, it didn’t hurt any less when he thought on it. Those awful, lonely, desperate and disbelieving months. “I hope you never have to experience anything like it.”
John nodded and stood up from the abandoned table. “Well I think I best be going. I’ll call Finn later and beg his forgiveness – perhaps we can reschedule the 'Meet the Girlfriend dinner'?”
I'm back for another chapter. Thank you for all the kudos and comments - they keep me going! As ever the characters don't belong to me and this is just for fun. Hope you enjoy! Warnings at the end of the chapter.
He could feel Sherlock’s hardness pressed against him and his own was definitely making itself known. He could also feel the tags between them, the metal getting warmer by the minute.
Now he had to find out who this John Watson was.
Finn finally looked back at him and said “She makes the ordinary extraordinary.” There was a beat of silence and then it was the detective’s turn to look away.
“Ah there you are!” Sherlock exclaimed, causing Finn to turn round and face him. His blue eyes were wide and he looked terrified (which selfishly made John feel a little better). His thoughts were disrupted by “That jumper John really? That’s your date jumper. You don’t need that anymore and it never proved very successful, you should bin it.”
“You know I couldn’t show any of it to you....show what I was really feeling. I had to play the part. If you had doubted it, the game would have been up and you would have been dead.” He paused and stared up at John “But Molly sIipped under Jim’s radar, which is ironic, as she was the person who meant the most.”
Her plan had gone better than she could have dreamed. For once things not going to plan had worked unbelievably in her favour.
“What?” Sherlock said in disbelief.
The frown lines on Sherlock were going to become permanent at this rate, but then a light seemed to reach Sherlock’s eyes, relaxing his forehead. “You believe Molly and I are romantically involved” he deduced.
Eventually he turned back to the window, lit another cigarette and watched John’s lonely figure disappear into the mist.
“Sherlock-“ John tried to interrupt.
Warnings: hints to suicide and minor mental instability
“John” he breathed, as his face broke in to a grin. He hadn’t really believed that it was true, until that moment.
The detective’s eyes widened in shock “I did?” His eyes darted from side to side, as if trying to locate the moment that had happened.
Finn snuffled in his sleep and the detective looked over to his son. He was elegantly drooling into his Belstaff, his signature coat swamping the young man’s slight form. He had loved that coat (and its many incarnations) since he was a young boy. It was almost like a security blanket to him and, seeing him wrapped up in it now, reminded him he could protect someone. He could provide comfort and he had to maintain his resolve. Finn did not deserve a weak father, he had already had one before...before Sherlock and John. He had promised him then that he would be there for him and he needed to keep that promise.
Sherlock’s heart warmed at that “And you won’t love her more than me?”
“Yes he is” John laughed, raising his own glass and clinking it with the other man’s “And so am I.”
“Er....I love you too Pops...” Finn replied, looking rather puzzled at both his fathers’ big grins. Looking from one to the other he asked “Has something happened? I have a hopeful idea of what is going on, but that could just be wishful thinking.”
She patted him on the arm. "Sometimes it takes someone else to remind us of who we really are.” She replied, as she reached into the bag to bring out a diseased foot.
“I am guessing that you are someone I should know?” the achingly familiar voice broke his thoughts. How he had longed to hear that voice again. Perhaps not those words, but he still closed his eyes in relief and recognition.
“Do you think I know what to say?” He continued more gently. “What do I say to a man who’s partner doesn’t remember who he is? Who’s lives have been so intertwined for so long that anybody who knows them couldn’t imagine them any other way?” He turned back to look at Sherlock. “I’m just as lost, confused and hurt as you Dad. You don’t have to say anything; we are in the same boat. We are lost in the storm, but we have an oar each and we can get through it together.” He looked at Sherlock then. “No more negativity.” He clarified.
It had broken his heart.
Another flashback to the past with this one. Sherlock tries to plan something special for John.
Ok now they were getting somewhere, John thought, but his blood was still pumping and he wasn’t backing down anytime soon. “Do you?” he countered.
“Alright enough, what the hell is going on with you today?” John gently demanded.
He pointed to the corpse “What do you think?”
The detective had forgotten that or perhaps never fully realised it. Had never fully thought about it, too focused on keeping John safe and if he were honest playing the god damn game. Watching the range of emotions John had gone through that night had been an unwelcome, but necessary dose of reality.
Finn pulled him into an awkward hug. “I love you too Uncle Myc”. He nodded at the other two occupants of the room and dived out to find his wayward parent.
This seemed to kick the other man into action, all hesitation leaving his body, as if he had been given permission to release all the passion, lust and.....love that he had been holding in.
A bit of a cheesy chapter, but I couldn't help myself. Thank you for all the support from anyone who has left kudos and comments - thanks for sticking with me! As ever this is just for fun. Warnings at the end of the chapter.
She had heard them murmuring, giggling.....kissing. She hated them. She had had to get out of there though, she couldn’t be found by them or her plan would have been ruined. The new game would have been over before Sherlock had even had chance to play.
“John-“
John didn’t know what to say. How was this his life? His distress must have shown on his face, as Sherlock sat back down in the chair. “John I-“ he went to reach for the doctor’s hand, but pulled away before their fingers could touch. “I know our life may seem strange, but you did thrive in it. The first time round I was able to impress you with my deductions and the thrill of a case. Now you are joining a life we have already built together. To me it seems the most normal thing in the world, but you have taught me to pick up on social cues and learn more about human emotions, plus I know you better than anyone, so I can tell you are finding this situation...abnormal.”
Lestrade face softened at his words “I know and whatever happens next it’s not going to be easy. You are going to need to fight too, for John and for yourself.”
He needed a fix, he couldn’t do this, not without John.
“You said that already.” The other man pointed out. He continued gently “Tell me what you are thinking.”
“What do you mean your own words? You haven’t said that to me since I was a kid - you remembered!?” he breathed.
We are back in the past with this one, just after Sherlock's return from the dead. This chapter has been a bit of a road block for me and to be honest nothing much happens, but I thought it was important to have Sherlock’s perspective of what happened when he came back. Thanks for all the kudos and comments.
‘The fact that I am in love with you’ John thought. He hadn’t really accepted it until after Sherlock had jumped, it had seemed less risky to admit it to a ghost. And now he was back with his ridiculous cheekbones and John was struggling to handle his ‘new’ feelings.
The forgiveness.
And somehow he had said yes.
John’s heart both broke and swelled at those words. He looked over to Sherlock for help, who looked as overwhelmed as he felt. This is what John could bring to the table, he thought, he could field the emotional hurdles they would likely face. Despite his detective’s brilliance, he was still learning how to deal with human emotion in all it’s forms. Swallowing down the nerves in his throat he replied. “If you want it to be.”
Sherlock looked on helpless to stop him.
He couldn’t remember the last time he had been this nervous.....maybe when he and Sherlock had shared a train carriage with a bomb.
He flushed and said “I don’t think you should hear it from me – you should talk to Pops.”
“Good, God that’s good.” The two brothers were surprised by the voice coming from the corner of the room. “Definitely better than hearing about my uncle’s sex life.” An apparently awake Finn continued.
John had finally been discharged from the hospital, after a few days of awkward meetings and conversations. Both Sherlock and Finn had been telling stories from their lives, trying to jog the soldier’s memories. They hadn’t had much luck so far, but John was keen and seemed interested in learning more about himself. He had particularly liked the story of how they had got together, although it had been difficult for Sherlock to relive it, the memory tinged with this new reality. The next step was to bring him back home to Baker Street.
He was also sure that he wouldn’t let his feelings jeopardise this. This wonderful connection with another human being that he had only just got back. That he had only just remembered the worth and  importance of. He wasn’t going to let his emotions get in the way again. Before it had been his anger and pride; he wasn’t going to let lust and love do the same.
It had been hard to not react to a distraught John Watson as he had checked his pulse. His fingers hot and clammy against his wrist. It had been unbearable to live without him for a year. The only way he had got through it was the thought of getting back to him. The only way he got through the torture, the starvation, the unending boredom was that it was keeping John alive.
“He lives with and loves you, never mind Afghanistan, of course he can fight. Come on I think you should come with me.” He signalled towards the paramedics and started to pull Sherlock towards his police car.
John coughed and looked at his shoes. Looking back up at Sherlock, he saw how vulnerable the man looked.
With a sigh and a resolve to soothe John in the only way he could at the moment, he opened his bedroom door to go find his violin. He was shocked to find John standing at the kitchen counter, making tea. The other man turned at the noise, “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to wake you.” He looked back and down at his tea and coughed “I couldn’t sleep with this storm.”
Their son. His best challenge yet.
To say John was angry was an understatement.
“Do wonders never cease?” John quipped “Sherlock Holmes making tea. Well uncontaminated tea at least.”
The resulting dash to escape through the window and chase along the street had led to something she never could have predicted or imagined in her wildest dreams.
“What jealous?” Sherlock countered, almost sneered.
The detective was a little taken aback by Finn’s request - he would of course agree to it, but.... “She’s important to you.” Finn looked away. No wonder he was nervous he was in love. Now Sherlock was nervous – what if Rachel didn’t like him? He hadn’t ever really cared what people thought of him, it was an alien feeling.
“I’m aware.”
Another flashback scene - there are a few warnings in this one and these are at the end of the chapter. Thanks for all the support - as always this is just for fun.
“Well in a way I am.” Finn countered “I love you both the same and care about you both being mentally sane.”
It was good to be back to this...simplicity. If that word could ever be used to describe Sherlock Holmes. John had thought he would never have nights like this again and here he was back at Baker Street, making tea. He smiled at the kettle.
“This is not funny John!”
It was at this point, when Sherlock was having a crisis of confidence, that John walked through the door. “What’s all this?” he laughed, as he pressed a chaste kiss to the taller man’s shocked lips. “Is this for that experiment you were talking about a few weeks ago?”
“Sherlock” John warned.
Finn shrugged “I don’t know....I know I like her, but I don’t know if it’s love.” His son paused and started to play with his sandwich again. “It’s not what you and Dad have...and I-....I would rather wait the rest of my life for what you and Dad have than settle for something.....less”
“Well I did call you a cock” John conceded “But we are not done with it.”
“Because we love each other?”
He almost hadn’t believed it when his goal had become a reality and he had been on his way back to London, to Baker Street....to John.
Sherlock gasped, fully sitting up and awake now “John – You can’t be serious?!”
“I missed you.” Bloody hell Watson of all things you had to start with that? He quickly continued, looking into his tea and avoiding Sherlock’s face. “I went to your grave and I asked you-“
Finn smiled and turned to his sandwich finally. “Thank you Pops, what you said actually made a lot of sense.”
Christ neither did John.
John’s smile at this took over his whole face. “Who knew that Sherlock Holmes could be romantic?” He said, as he drew the detective in for another kiss.
John vowed to himself in that moment it would be the last first kiss of his life and he planned to keep that promise.
“Then stay” Sherlock whispered “please”
Sherlock gulped at this. John continued “I wanted your legs wrapped around me.....” Him and Sherlock were almost touching now. “And I love it when you look at me over your steepled fingers, I always want you to put them-“ His husband cut him off with a kiss at this and started pulling off John’s ever present woollen jumper. He was relentless and a force of nature in his pursuit and John was more than happy to be pursued. Not long after he found himself on the floor, Sherlock over him – ok yeah make up sex he was totally down for that.
Perfect.
The detective had been in a good mood on his arrival, busying himself with something at his microscope and John had offered to make tea.
“Well any prospective daughter in law should know that one of her potential father in laws is known as Three Continents Watson.”
“But it clearly wasn’t, due to the break in.”
“Partly” Sherlock conceded “but it is also me knowing your habits very well.”
It had never entered his head before, as it hadn't been an option for them, for two men in love. Sherlock rarely kept up with the news, so goodness knows how long it had been legal, but he had got to get his mind out of this particular gutter where the headline lay.
Raising a child was....challenging. Sherlock had read all the books he could get his hands on and they all said it would be. He had also read all the leaflets that the adoption company had sent through and attended all the meetings, interviews and counselling sessions, both mandatory and recommended. All of them indicated that it wasn’t going to be a walk in the park, especially when adopting an older child, with a difficult upbringing and distinct memories of it.
John laughed humourlessly “Well yes.”
John seemed surprised at the change in tone, but sighed and said “I know.” He looked down into his mug and fiddled with the handle.
And now things got awkward.
Apparently it was ‘normal’ for boys his age, how was Sherlock meant to know that? John still made him sleep on the couch (he wouldn’t kiss an ashtray), not that he slept much anyway....
Warnings for mentions of blood, a car crash and sexual situations.
He had spent the time sitting by John’s bedside, watching his unmoving eyes and the bruises develop on his pale skin. He had spent the time bickering with Mycroft and mollycoddling Finn, to the point that his son had snapped at him in frustration. He had spent the time pouring over cold cases, with the reassuring beep from the monitor of his husband’s heart.
“Miss what?”
Having John by his side had allowed his inspiration to flow. He had felt like he was on fire and before he knew it he had been in a train carriage with another bomb. For a few desperate moments he had thought that it was really over, that it had all been for nought and it would end there for both of them.
“I know” Finn whispered.
“No.” He verbalised.
“Caring is not an advantage, oh brother mine,” Sherlock mocked, almost hissed, “as you have physical evidence of right before your eyes.”
Sherlock was not dead. His best friend was back in 221B with his arm around John. And despite his brain’s logical protests, John followed his own heart in putting his arms awkwardly around the other man, in the world’s most uncomfortable hug ever. But John didn’t care.
He was smoking.
Sherlock opened his eyes again and all the energy seemed to leave him. He was tired of pretending that everything was ok and that he could cope with this situation - that the difference between a castle and a palace didn’t matter. He looked at the vague outline of his own face in the window and took another deep breath. “I miss him” he said aloud and he felt some relief with finally admitting this to himself, not only to the fake John that had taken over his husband. “I miss him.” He said again, because now he can.
“Do you really think it would have made it any easier?” Sherlock interrupted, as he moved away from his microscope and towards the living room. John’s chair was mocking him, as he used it to lean against, facing away from John.
“Not hungry” was Sherlock’s reply, as he turned back to burning the shirt.
“And that’s kind of why I’m.....hesitating.” the doctor’s blue eyes found his. “You’re it for me Sherlock, ‘til my last breath. When you...died a part of me died with you. I was less....me without you in my life. As time went on I finally admitted to myself what that meant, what I had been denying to myself for a long time. That I was in love with you and I had been holding myself back.....and it wasn’t because you were a man or my best friend, it was because I was scared. How much.....you meant to me scared me, because I had never felt that before and I didn’t know if I could handle admitting that, accepting that. Then you died and I was.....hollow.” John paused and looked down to their still joined hands, Sherlock was speechless. “When I move in here Sherlock, I’m not going to move out again, unless it’s with you. It will be it for me, it will be me and you living together, sharing our lives together. There won’t be dates with women or jealous deductions. It will be nights curled up in front of the fire and make up sex on the kitchen table.” Sherlock’s eyes lit up at that last comment. John chuckled and continued. “So I don’t just want to move back in, I want to savour this part, because I’m never going to be ‘dating’ again and despite the inconvenience of not having my naked body available 24/7, it’s actually quite fun. Plus I have actually lived with you before and the longer I can avoid the body parts the better.”
John sipped his cardboard cup of coffee and enjoyed the ease of simply walking in the park with his son. It had taken them a while to find that comfort with each other and Finn had been very patient with him.
“Oi! That’s not funny.” John laughed, as he pinned Sherlock to the floor for round two.
“Perhaps, but that’s the way I like it.”
Before the other man could answer, the door banged open to reveal Dectective Inspector Lestrade. Who, upon seeing the scene before him, had begun to speak, but found his mouth moving without any sound coming out. Sherlock found the sight amusing, if not frustrating “Ah Graham, what do we owe this pleasure?”
John’s heart broke ‘Don’t cry. Don’t cry’ he told himself. Had he cried in front of Sherlock before? “I can’t and I think somewhere inside of you, you understand. I hope one day you will realise that and we can be friends.”
There eyes were still locked and John wondered if Sherlock could deduce how turned on he was. He probably could, the git.
Finn’s eyes were burning a hole into the back of John’s head, he could feel them. Years of being a parent had taught him that particular skill. Funny how a child could teach him more than the army ever could.
“I still have 3 minutes.” Sherlock snapped as John walked through the doorway.
“Delicate?” Sherlock queried, as his heart rate quickened “Are you ill?...No not ill you would not have made tea....you would have made me pay attention.” Sherlock started to look at John now, really look at him. He had got into the habit of not deducing him, wanting to maintain the illusion that things hadn’t changed. “You are freshly showered, not unusual, but your fingertips are slightly drier and more wrinkly than usual....meaning you spent longer than needed in there.  You are also failing to hide a blossoming hickey by buttoning your shirt all the way up, suggesting that you had company.”
Finn had suggested they meet at a coffee shop local to his halls, after his last class of the day. He saw him now striding across the road, towards where John was waiting, he was grimacing in the rain with no umbrella or hood in sight.
Finn groaned and pulled his face out of his hands “Dad please stop.” And pointed to Rachel, who looked like she was frozen in place, with her mouth parted in obvious disbelief.
John looked angry, his face pinched and his words forced when they come out, breathy and barely spoken.
Once those emotions had been shared and felt again and again, with whitened knuckles and mingled breath, the intensity started to simmer. Their movements became more languid and measured. Sherlock’s fingers stroked and caressed the hair underneath them and he felt his own (ridiculously high) cheekbones stroked by calloused thumbs. Their kisses became chaste, but there was a reluctance to move away from each other. Sherlock felt tingly all over, almost as if there was a physical energy all around them, moving between them. John’s energy mingling with his, making the world right again. He sighed happily and pulled back slightly to find warm, blue eyes looking into his own. By unspoken arrangement, they brought their foreheads together, eyes closing again. They stayed there processing and just being. Just being....together.
Sherlock was confused and his expression must have shown this, as Lestrade continued unprompted “Mycroft Holmes is the only person I get on my knees for and I love it and I love him.”
Could Sherlock and John finally be moving on?
He had fallen in love with him all over again.
For once his mind wasn’t whirling at a thousand miles a minute. It had stopped.....halted. It almost felt like The Big Bang had happened in his head and there was a whole new universe developing inside of him. He was reeling from the shock of it, watching his mind palace rebuild itself.
Thanks for the comments and kudos. Warnings at the end of the chapter.
John nodded in understanding, “Okay, thank you.”
“Because you are Sherlock Holmes!”
John was going to marry her.
He was currently working out how to convince John to move back in, without actually making John aware. He had started with leaving spare toiletries and basic clothes at Baker Street. This meant the doctor could stay over during cases without too much hassle. He would even sometimes delay his deductions, so that the case would drag out a bit longer. Some would call it manipulation, Sherlock called it friendship.
As in most cases, he was right.
He had known as time went on that he and John were friends. He had known that John was the most important person in his life and that he cared for him, but as he had never really felt anything like it before, he hadn’t known he was sexually attracted to him until (ironically) Irene Adler had come into their lives. He had stared at her naked body and felt nothing but frustration at not being able to deduce her. She intrigued him and he wanted to solve the puzzle that she was. He had lamented, when he had thought she was dead, at their unfinished business. Yet it was only when he had eavesdropped into her conversation with John on her return from the dead that he realised what he was feeling.
John had caught up with her and they had grappled. She had known that Sherlock would reach them soon and that meant she had no choice but to kill John Watson. It wouldn’t be ideal with what she had planned, but it would be better than getting caught. So she had reached for the knife she always had on her and had stabbed the man in the chest to get him away from her. His subsequent instability had given her the perfect opportunity to push him into the oncoming traffic that had ran next to them.
John’s brain stuttered. On one hand that would be bloody brilliant, but on the other she wasn’t the one who had inspired his current condition and it felt wrong to share it with her. “Err no thanks got an early shift at the hospital tomorrow.” Her disappointment was clear. “I’ll- err -just go the bathroom. You try to get back to sleep.” He stumbled out of bed and found his way to the nearby bathroom.
Caring was not an advantage.
Warnings: hospital scenes, amnesia and discussions about dealing with amnesia.
Sherlock looked at his sheet and shrugged.
He put his head in his hands, what was he doing?
What happened next?
Sherlock heard John clatter through the door into 221B and jumped right up out of bed at the sound. He scampered to the doorway and collided with the doctor in the kitchen. A muffled “Oof!” could be heard somewhere around his shoulder. He started peppering John’s face and neck with kisses and only stopped when the other man pulled himself away, a small smile on his face.
....but he was alive.
“So will you keep your deductions to yourself?” He asked again.
Finn’s eyes showed his surprised, eyebrows disappearing under his fringe, but they remained focused on John. “Everything?” He questioned “Not just odd moments?” John nodded, smiling. His son started to well up, before he brought him back into another hug “That’s unbelievable!”
Caring is not an advantage.
“No I don’t” Sherlock admits, “but I appreciate you putting him off my scent. I need time to....process.”
John stilled at the other man's words and a clear memory filtered into his mind....him and Sherlock in front of a corpse snogging and a noise upstairs interrupting them....but also in Baker Street talking about a case, about someone’s dead daughter?.....Their first case.....the pink suitcase, the pills, the bullet through a window....giggling so much giggling.....not just then, but through the following years....at crime scenes, at the morgue, with Finn, at Mycroft....in bed....
Sherlock adjusts to his life without John.
Warnings at the end of the chapter.
Then he had found drugs and with them the realisation that his body could get him what he wanted, what he really desired and he exchanged sexual favours for a hit. It was a means to an end for him and he doesn’t remember overly enjoying the experience, but then he doesn’t remember much from that period of his life. Except the exceptional high and peace that the drugs gave him.
The numbness had fully taken over again, after the brief respite, with his anger at Mycroft, which had evaporated now. He doesn’t remember getting to the ward or how he ended up watching his son going  through the door to a private room. He stopped at the threshold and he could feel his brother breathing down his neck. The door had closed behind him and Sherlock could see a distorted form in the door’s small window.
So to see Sherlock so despondent was worrying. He still got bored of course, but John now had several, inventive ways to bring him out of that (his dog tags had been a surprising and pleasurable hit).
“Hullo” John said to Sherlock, as he walked through the door at Baker Street. His detective was in his chair, looking edible in a suit, his legs crossed and fingers steepled under his chin. Despite John’s lethargy, he would be very much in the mood to enjoy those long legs and fingers. Hopefully Sherlock would be in a similarly good mood “Case go well?” he tried to nonchalantly enquire.
Mycroft went to move, but Finn halts his progress, “Let me go” His uncle started to protest. “Please” The younger man stands firm and stares Mycroft down.
Finn was physically withdrawn, the emotion of the topic clearly getting to him. “It’s funny, that time of my life is something that is a part of me everyday, something that I think about everyday. I’ve learnt to live with it, to move forward and to be happy, but just actually saying things out loud makes the memory as fresh as if it was yesterday.” John reached out to Finn at this and his son gripped his hand in response. The doctor didn’t think an ‘I’m sorry’ would be appropriate somehow.
“And called you Dad.” Sherlock smiled.
“Sherlock-“ the other man started to speak, but Sherlock did not want to dwell on that a moment longer.
But the young boy had gained the detective’s attention. He was bright and clearly starved of affection and love. Sherlock had engaged with him as much as he could and Finn didn’t seem put off by his deductions or his perspective on the world. The older man had also listened to him, answered his questions and when possible spent time with him, something that he suspected had rarely happened in Finn’s short life. Once he realised who the boy’s father was, his mind was overwhelmed with what Finn’s life had been like up to this point. He didn’t want to entertain thoughts on what the boy had potentially been through. He became very protective and he.....cared. Despite his relationship with John, he still  wasn’t used to.....caring. These feelings were still alien to him and he fully blamed John Hamish Watson with his extraordinary ordinary-ness and woollen jumpers for opening up this world of emotions up to him.
