‘It was a guy,’ Tony said as he took the beer. ‘He was extremely hot, Rhodey, if you’d seen him you would have agreed. I know you’re not into guys, but he might have convinced you that you’re maybe not that straight. And not just that, he was super nice, even a bit shy. That guy was both frightening and adorable. I didn’t know that could be such a turn on.’
‘Bachelor party,’ Steve answered.
'That's disturbing,' Natasha stated.
'I like you, you're hired,' Tony grinned as he shook Steve's hand. 'Oh, and please, call me Tony.'
'Is my accent that bad?' Steve asked.
‘Stop talking,’ Bucky said. ‘You liked this guy and you had a great time last Friday. Don’t try to tell me otherwise, Nat told me so. You can do another date for me, until I can make a decision. You’re a great friend Steve, you’d never disappoint any of us.’
'She believed him,’ Bucky said. 'I know she did. I think we need to try one more guy. We need a bigger chance that some of them want to testify in court. It won't be the first time we have four witnesses and no one who can actually help us to lock the bad guys away.'
'Yeah, sorry about that,' Tony said. 'I think people forgot about you, because the guy who sent us has the biggest intelligence organization in the world, but he wasn't even sure if you were real. He could only tell people had died trying to get in here. Whoever was in charge of you and this place did do a very good job.'
'Take this,' Tony said as he handed Steve a phone. 'Just in case. If you get lost we can contact you and it has a tracker, so we can find you.'
‘Are you fucking kidding me, Robin Hood?’ Tony sighed. ‘You can sleep in the plane. We’re leaving in an hour.’
'One of Ronan's guys was shot when he tried to attack Sam,' he explained. 'Don't look, just act like you work here. Some of the guards aren't caught yet, if they see you're with the police they might hunt you down. Don't want you to move to Alaska with a new name.'
‘That’s not very nice,’ Clint said, a pout on his face, that slowly turned into a grin. ‘But you can’t change it, the doors are closed, we’re on our way! Please sit down and fasten your seatbelts, we’re almost ready for departure!’
'Not really,' Olivia answered softly.
'Okay, what about we make Stefanie talk about this to at least one of the guys,' Rhodey suggested. 'So we know a little more. But we have to make sure none of them escape when we get in there.'
'We should get out of here,' he said.  'We don't want the press to make a picture of you like this. Want a ride? I'll fly you back to the headquarters.'
‘Who are we suing?’ a third person asked as he made his way towards Steve and the man. ‘Wait, Obi, what is that on your face? Are those scratches? Did the bird do that? Are you seriously telling me that tiny little bird did that? No way! There’s no way…’
It was freezing cold. Tony wrapped a blanket around himself, but he still shivered. This soldier must be frozen, or maybe the dragon kept him warm? But it was obvious that no normal human being could survive for seventy years in a place like this. Tony got more curious by the minute. He had about a hundred theories about this, but they were all so surreal that the real thing would probably be disappointing.
'You're terrible!' Steve smiled.
Steve positioned himself in front of the robot. From there it looked more insect-like than it did from the top. It didn't stop Steve though. It had eyes, something that looked like eyes. Maybe they were cameras, it would help if they were destroyed. So Steve ran. The claws of the robot tried to get him, but he ducked, jumped, or hit them out of his way. He made it to the face of the thing and threw his shield. It destroyed one eye, before bouncing to the other eye, only to return to Steve. The claws moved uncontrolled, in all directions, knocking some agents down, and hitting Steve, throwing him out of his way.
‘That would kill us both!’
Tony never minded it much either. He had always been proud of his husband, because he remembered the scrawny kid Steve used to be. He just joked and said he needed someone to keep up with him, someone to keep him young.
Other passengers were picked up by friends and family, but there was no one waiting for Tony. It didn't matter. Minutes before Tony died Steve had promised he would follow soon. How long had it been? One day? Two? It didn't matter.
‘I was,’ Steve answered. It was nice to hear Tony say his real name. ‘I was in the army for a few years, I went on a few missions, but I got hurt, Bucky lost his arm, I didn’t want to do that anymore. I’m a comic book artist now. But just like you , most of the things I told you were the truth. I really enjoyed our time together and I hope we can try again.’
'If I could get a cup of coffee, that would be great. Black, one sugar,' Tony smiled, before walking into the room that would serve as his office for the next hour. He sat down on the uncomfortable couch and got his laptop out of his bag. He had no conference call, but he did have a lot of other things to do. He had started with a script code for the new Stark phone, made some changes in the design of his latest series of laptops and read a report one of the main tech guys wrote about his idea on sustainable energy. Tony didn’t even notice someone had placed a cup of coffee on the table until he noticed his cup was empty.
'It's about twenty-seven miles,' Tony said as he looked at the map.
Steve chuckled. He was about to walk into the bathroom when there was a knock on the door. Steve opened it and let Clint and Natasha in. Natasha looked at Steve, then at Tony,  and smiled before she sat down. Clint dropped in a chair.
‘They’re actually working,’ Natasha noted.
‘Whatever it is, I’m really busy right now,’ Tony said, still not looking up.
'Had to keep it realistic,' Tony grinned. 'All those people think I slept with him, so he could handle some ass-grabbing. He might be my type.'
Shit, of course there had been an alarm. A silent alarm. This had all been too easy, of course it wasn’t easy to get into Tony fucking Stark’s penthouse! He should have just grabbed the laptop, he should have just left immediately. He would probably still get caught, but now he was going to jail for eating someone’s bananas! Steve swallowed his bite. There was only one thing he could try: he would make this guy pity him. If Stark would feel sorry for him he might get away with this.
'Come on, Tony,' Steve sighed. 'A romantic sunset, I’m practically sitting in your lap, don't you get the hint?'
‘Steve, come to my office right now, I’ve got something to show you,’ Tony said over the phone, trying not to sound too excited.
'Ugh, do you hate me that much?' Bucky sighed. 'I don't believe they're just friends. He'll kill me if I'd try to even look at her!'
‘Your night sounds very relaxed if you had time to chat. No exploding turkeys to deal with? No one who wanted to stab their annoying mother in law? No one stuck in a chimney?’
The bright light hid Steve from sight again and seconds later the dragon stood in his place. He bent down and Tony climbed on the long neck, his butt resting on Steve's shoulders. He wrapped his arms around the neck and held on tightly.
Nebula opened the door and walked in. A few guys were already changing and she greeted them cheerfully before introducing Stefanie. Steve said hi before he got pushed down in a chair, in front of a mirror. That would be his workstation. He could leave all his things there. Theft would be punished.
As soon as they were out of range Steve flew slower, so Tony could relax. And Tony did. He took a deep breath and tried to touch the clouds. They were weird, a bit wet, and he could hardly believe he was actually touching them. He loved the feeling of the wind in his hair, the adrenaline rushing through his body. He threw his hands in the air and whooped loudly. All the trouble had been absolutely worth it.
‘Thanks Stevie, you’re the best! Just act like you’re me, so I have a backup when things don’t work out with my colleague’ Bucky said as he jumped up and happily walked out of the kitchen.
Natasha had told Clint to get Tony. They needed help from someone who knew about robots and Tony was an expert. Iron Man would also be pretty helpful in destroying the thing. Clint used his usual vent climbing to get inside Stark Tower and found Tony, as always, in his workshop. On one of his screens the news was showing. The moment Tony spotted Clint he turned off the television.
‘Go on a date with me.’
‘I promise, I promise,’ Tony laughed. ‘But can we please get another glass of whatever crap they serve here, because I’m way too sober to look at anymore of this art.’
When the show was over they went back to the tent and grabbed their toothbrush. With a flash light they found their way to the washrooms and got ready for bed. Tony was a bit freaked out to stand together with guys in sweaters, shorts and slippers who were all brushing their teeth or shaving their faces. There was no privacy at all! He quickly brushed his teeth before going outside and waiting for Steve, who had the flashlight. Together they walked back to the tent.
Tony helped Steve and pulled the bikes aside as well. He was mumbling to himself, but Steve heard him anyway.
‘I want to put my strength to good use,’ Steve shrugged. ‘And if I have to do it as a bodyguard, then so be it. I can’t stay here, you broke the barrier. It was there to keep us from aging. Now that it’s broken, I’d rather go and see something of the world instead of waiting here and grow old without ever meeting my one true love.’
Tony's eyes widened. He should have known that with someone like Steve they weren't going to make a simple boat tour. But wetsuits?
‘Mine never call me James either,’ Steve lied. ‘They call me Bucky, after my middle name, Buchanan.’
‘I still think a year is not equal to going on two dates with a guy for a friend,’ Steve said as he put on his jeans. ‘Maybe we should add a year of dusting off the living room to it. That sounds more fair to me.’
'I couldn't get out because of the warmth,' Steve said. 'The wall reacted to temperature. If we opened it from the inside, only things with the right body temperature could go outside. My body adjust to the surroundings though, so I was stuck.'
"I was asking if you could hear me alright," Steve asked again patiently, his video frame background shifting as the man seemed to get up from his desk.
Meetings were all online, food was delivered to him, bed and bathroom were just down the hall, he could stick his head outside in the rooftop garden Pepper started for his dose of outdoorsy-ness. And he could now work everywhere, and anytime, including during meetings (though Pepper disapproved of that). Besides that, not being able to physically see anyone else, and the fact that everything going in and out of his place had to be decontaminated first, nothing else had drastically changed. Tony couldn't decide whether this quarantine business was a curse or a blessing. A Curblessing, he decided in the end.
"Great. Thanks again, Tony," Steve's voice was soft, gentle.
"Quiet now, huh," Tony remarked.
"Uh, huh," Tony's voice now had a hint of glee, "Alright, Cap, since you miss my face so much, I will now unveil it for you. Behold!"
Thor seemed to be speaking in his frame, but no one could hear him.
Clint let out a whoop and raised both his arms. "Cap says I'm the real one! Hear that, Tony?"
It was then that Steve's video joined the gallery, "Sorry, I got held up in--.."
"Alright, Cap, let's get this set up on your phone," Tony began, diverting away from small talk. He couldn't help but feel a little cowardly at that, but at least he wouldn't be wasting Steve's time.
So yes, Tony blamed the alien.
He changed his display name to "The ACTUAL Tony Stark" too, for good measure.
"Is that right," Steve mused, the corner of his mouth twitching upwards as his eyes glanced around the screen, as if debating which one was the 'real' Iron Man. While they lingered in a specific spot for a while, a little grin growing on his face, Steve casually slid his gaze to another spot on the screen, giving an overemphasized nod and exaggerated serious face. "Clearly must be the one with the three Ironette models dancing on his head."
A loud gasp came from Clint's screen, supported by Clint's body leaning back with arms in front, as if bracing himself. "Tony, no! Don't take it back, I love it!" The archer quickly amended, switching off the Iron Man helmet. "Stark Chat, TM, is the greatest. And the fact that you made all of this for just us is awesome, please don't take it from meeee."
Then all of them started to sprout green spots on their skin and one month had become three months after treatment, which turned into six months instead of three after the green spots returned for round two. Prolonged isolation is necessary as we don't yet know how infectious this is, the doctors had said afterwards.
"I'm making a point, Cap," Tony nodded, gesturing to his head with a flourish, "Unless you miss seeing my face, which I would understand. I'd miss seeing my face too if I didn't see it for 389 days. Or however long it's been."
Bruce found the color changer and started turning his skin green.
"After that, you want to makes sure your interface shows two screens for you to choose from. Wait," Tony backtracked, disbelief in his tone, "Did you just say you missed my face?"
And with a hand framing his face, Tony gave a winning perfect-for-a-magazine-cover pose as the virtual Iron Man helmet disappeared.
"Captain's log: day 289. Finished up that reactor schematic, waiting for the prototype enclosures to finish printing. Yay to another check off the list of 'things-I-never-thought-I'd-get-around-to-before-I-got-stuck-in-quarantine'," Tony recorded aloud, leaning back with a little stretch to watch the 3D printers start up. "J.A.R.V.I.S., let me know when those prints are done, sanded and coated, I want a test fitting right after."
A smaller space. A more intimate setting even. Or maybe Tony felt this because certain feelings made the space feel more… personal.
"Hey Stark! You know, I had my doubts in the beginning, but this 'secure Stark branded Avengers team video chat' thing you made for us is not as dry as Fury made it sound," He commented, dragging a virtual 3D monocle and top hat onto his face for the face recognition software to catch. "So many toys!"
Save for the small offshoot topics, their meeting ran just about expected. There were a couple of audio, video and interface hiccups that Tony made hotfixes for while the others were talking, but besides technical difficulties, Stark's video chat software seemed to do well in today's performance test. Tony was striking some bugs off the previous alpha and beta test lists when he suddenly heard his name in a question.
"Had the time," Bruce responded with a small smile before taking another bite. "I can send Laura the recipe if you'd like."
"Is this how you repay my kindness," Tony balked, though the effect was somewhat lost on the silly fireworks sprouting around his Captain America mask. "Fine, you know what, I can be me too." Tony's head immediately also became replaced by the Iron Man's helmet.
"Yes, yes, please do-"
"Leave the software running on your laptop and open the app up on your phone," Tony instructed, leaning back to stretch his arms for a moment to give Cap a moment to comply.
After Steven had said his goodbyes, and Tony found himself staring at his own face in an empty video chat room, a brief sense of vastness flooded him. A feeling not unlike how a small rocket pulled out of orbit back into the wide expanse of the universe would feel leaving the light of home and greeting the darkness of space.
When Natasha joined the call 10 minutes later, Clint was trying to color filter his skin into every imagineable color while sporting a little dancing Ironette model on his head, and Tony had gifs of cats falling out of his mouth everytime he talked while wearing a virtual Captain America mask that sparked fireworks around his head. Both of them had ridiculous videos playing as their virtual backgrounds and emojis flying around everywhere, as if they were in the process of trying one of each ridiculous feature Tony had put in there.
"Hm?" Tony looked up, eyes scanning the rest of the faces for clues on what the topic was. "Yes, I know how the final season of Great House Flipper Kings ends."
The video frame containing Steve now blinked out and then back on again, this time showing a very close up view of the blond's face.
"Oh, we're all just wearing these virtual heads for fun," Clint clicked his helmet off to show Thor it was him, before placing the Helmet back on again.
"One can only dare to guess," J.A.R.V.I.S. replied steadily, which prompted a quirk of a smile on Tony's face as he opened up the group chat.
At that remark from Steve, Tony stumbled a little. Those words weren't made in jest. No hint of sarcasm anywhere. Steve… really meant that?
"Cap, you've gone mad. I don't think the world's ready for more than one of me," He gave a nervous little chuckle, "Anyways, you see two screens?"
"Wouldn't be the only one. The world could use more Tony Starks."
"Ooh, where did you find that, Nat?" Clint said, head bobbing in closer to the screen as if he were looking for something. A second or so later, Clint's head was replaced by an Iron Man helmet as well, and his name changed to "The Real Tony Stark".
"Nope, still muted," Clint replied this time, adding two more dancing Ironette models onto his helmeted head.
Tony waved a hand dismissively in front of him as the other Avengers chimed in their thanks as well. A pleasant wash of warmth swept through him even as he shook his head. "It was no trouble at all. Glad to see it all worked out. Though, since I made it with everyone here in mind, guess I shouldn't be surprised," he himself gave a little chuckle.
"Sounds good, I'll go ahead and accept the sync then. And I do miss your face."
Natasha stilled for a moment, and then her display name changed to "Tony Stark" to mimic Tony's.
"Cap says he's finishing up a call with Fury and that he'll be here hopefully soon," Natasha said before pausing, a serene smile gracing her face that belied the amusement underneath. "What am I even looking at right now?"
"HOW ABOUT NOW?" Thor's voice in a supremely loud setting suddenly throttled through, causing everyone in the call to cry out with alarm, and Bruce to accidentally send the slider flying all the way to bright purple.
"Sure thing, Cap," Tony replied with a nod, staunchly ignoring the giddy feeling that bubbled up inside his chest.
While Clint seemed to be opening and closing his mouth in a state of flabbergast, Steve chuckled and obligingly repeated the question. "I was asking if you could stay afterwards for a bit? I need some help setting up the video chat app on my phone."
"Sorry, the cat in your background just swatted at you while you were looking very serious," Steve explained as his laugh died down, his expression open and amiable.
Tony stared at Steve's face, whose blue eyes were looking slightly down to where the man's phone screen would be. So blue, Tony thought, as his eyes traveled the lines down the other man's long eyelashes, to his nose, then his chin. Then mouth. He'd never been this close to see Steve's face like so. "Yeah," he swallowed, tongue suddenly dry, "Yeah, I can hear you now. Perfect level."
"Collaborative screen sharing, meeting recordings with notes for each session, forum-style chat features… and all the virtual items we could ask for, and more. Useful and fun. Tony, this is wonderful, thank you," Steve commented, though the sincere nature of it seemed to be at odds with the fact that Steve's background now featured a video of wobbly puppies running across a grassy field.
"Hey Bruce! Point Break, you're muted," Tony greeted with a little wave to call attention to his video frame. "Click the volume button like I taught you last time, the triangle looking icon."
Tony lowered his hand and squinted rather accusingly as his program. "Thwarted by my own creation yet again. Guess the cat video's going."
"Oh, can you send me a copy too?" Natasha piped in.
"Ready for fitting, sir," J.A.R.V.I.S.'s ever present overhead voice replied. "Would you like me to ship the holographic display units to the other Avengers tonight, and set up another meeting with the team for next week?"
"You're stuck on that? I can't believe we just glossed over the fact that Thor named his new puppy 'Captain Rogers'," Tony called out, exasperated. He waved an open palm towards Thor's screen, in which the God of Thunder was happily cradling a small golden retriever pup in his significantly larger arms.
"These are just some of the fun things you can do on here," Clint explained, before launching into a rambling introduction of the many bits and bobs - both useful and not - he had tried out, using his screen as an example canvas while he explained. By the end of it all, Thor had himself donned the Iron Man helmet as well and was in the process of adding lightning bolts to his virtual background. His display name switched to "GOD OF THUNDER".
"Alright, I have it open now. It's asking if I want to sync with my laptop, as it's detecting another account open," Steve reported, before swinging his head back towards his laptop screen and giving a little huff of amusement. "Still wearing the virtual Iron Man helmet, huh? I already know you're the real one."
Steve turned his head, eyes roving to a spot off screen before he brought the phone closer to his face. "Yep, I see two, one from the laptop and one from my phone."
Steve's face broke into a warm smile, and Tony's stomach did a flip. His fingers laced together beneath his desk while Tony reminded himself to breathe.
"What, are we all bakers now?" Clint's confusion deepened as he rubbed his forehead.
The meeting ended not long after that, having exhausted all the meeting's formal topics and edged into time-slots for other social calls or business. And after everyone's parting remarks as the meeting adjourned, Tony found himself face to face with just Steve in the video chat.
"Fine, if you're playing that game, I'll just turn the username displays back on," Tony said, moving his cursor to do so. A second later, everyone's names popped up underneath their video frames.
"In person? 37 days," Steve corrected amiably, "Virtually, we technically saw each other's faces last week on S.H.I.E.L.D.'s app."
Tony exited the program and turned to look at his workshop, listening to his various machine's singing in their own hum-like, drone-like tones. He smiled.
"Nat! Welcome," Clint replied, pausing in his color-searching to wave hello. "Did you see all the cool things Tony put into this?"
"It sure does," Steve chuckled, followed by loud agreements by Clint and Thor and quieter affirmations from Natasha and a still purple-skinned Bruce. Tony felt the corners of his mouth quiver a bit as they stretched into a wider smile, hidden as it was beneath the Iron Man helmet.
"Oh, I'm seeing it," Natasha chuckled, eyes flicking around her screen for a brief moment before her head suddenly was replaced by an Iron Man helmet.
"Much better," Clint chimed in excitedly while sending happy face emojis cascading down his screen, "Thor, Bruce, welcome to the party!"
"…Tony?" Bruce asked hesitantly, eyes darting from one screen to the next, not knowing which one was Tony at first glance from the mess of effects and virtual items floating about obscuring their settings.
"You read my mind, J."
"Thank you!" Thor thundered, "How do I see your faces? I see many Iron Man helmets and a very purple Bruce."
In the bout of laughter that ensued, Steve spoke up again. "Though in all seriousness, thank you again, Tony. This is leagues better than the software S.H.I.E.L.D. had given us, and I'm glad we have our own private channels now."
Tony stared silently at Steve for a solid couple of seconds before saying very slowly, "Captain America misses my lovely mug."
"Tony?" Steve's voice cut through his side-tracked mind.
"Repeating yourself there, buddy," Tony turned towards Clint's screen, a warm hint of amusement underlying his casual tone, "I'll see what the Director can reveal to you next time he texts me."
"Speaking of meetings," Natasha spoke up, the Iron Man helmet now gone from her face as well as she leaned in, "How'd the call with Fury go, Steve?"
"Sorry, what?" Tony said with an exhale.
"Hey!" Tony called out, indignant, "You can't be Iron Man when the real Iron Man's here."
"Made them with you in mind, Birdy," Tony flashed a grin and blinked his eyes dramatically, "Let's take her for a spin, shall we?"
"Cap! I'm offended you'd think I'm a clone as well," Tony huffed from his video, shaking his head, still masked by the helmet, "The real Iron Man is here too, you know."
Bruce and Thor chose this moment to join in shortly after each other. Both of whom remained frozen for a moment as they witnessed all the Iron Man helmets, and other colorful additions, on their screens.
While the others gave good-natured laughs, Steve had his gaze back on the spot he had lingered on before, this time with a quiet smile on his face. At the comment about making "all of this" for them, his eyebrows jumped up a bit.
Tony stood up, stretched, and smiled a little wider.
"Tony, did you hear me?"
"Indeed, I am clearly the true Iron Man here," Thor interjected, raising his arms now too, in a shower of virtual money amidst lightning bolts. "Behold, my riches and electrifying personality!"
Clint was already in the call, switching his virtual backgrounds from one pop culture reference to another in rapid succession with amusement.
"Anytime, Cap," Tony exhaled, his own voice feeling airy.
"Stark, Tony, you, sir," Clint stuttered, having seemed to have finally gotten words out of his mouth, "You think you can just ignore me-- We aren't done here! You and I, we'll be having words, you and I, all the words. Don't ignore me!"
"Tony, you made all of this for us?" Cap voiced his genuine surprise.
As Steve turned his head to presumably face his phone, Tony took the moment to clear away some of the floating emojis and other colorful additions to his screen from before. He kept a video of a jumping cat in his background, however.
"Ha, ha," Tony shook his head as he stressed the syllables. "I'm sure the cat just wanted more Tony Stark in their life."
"Ok, let me see," Steve paused, his eyebrows furrowing slightly as he adjusted settings only he could see. "Can you hear me better now?"
"The little one was named Jolly Rogers previously, and he is similar in color to our fair Captain - thus, the name," Thor nodded sagely, "Aye, in a few months, Captain Rogers will be the most formidable beast in all the Nine Realms, as his namessake might fortell!"
Tony blinked, a little bubble of air caught in his mouth.
"J.A.R.V.I.S., how goes the prototype?" Tony asked aloud.
"Of course, sir," The polite overhead voice of J.A.R.V.I.S. replied, "May I remind you that you have a group video meetup with the Avengers in 10 minutes as well."
Steve lifted his eyebrows in a warm exasperation and let out a little sigh. "Yes, Tony, I do. And the faces of all the other Avengers, too. I miss the team."
"You're the best. The best, you hear? No one's greater, you're the greatest of all time," Clint rushed through the words fervently, a big smile on his face as he clapped his hands together.
A purple skinned Bruce waved hello from his frame as Thor spread his arms wide.
"Indeed, this is exciting news!" Thor interjected, abandoning his Iron Man helmet for a virtual set of aviator sunglasses. "I look forward to seeing your floating heads above my hearth during our meetings."
"Hey, I got the 3 right! 37, really? Feels a lot longer, and weirdly enough, also shorter. You want to accept that prompt, by the way. Syncing just means it'll detect both cameras and you can choose which one to toggle to at any given time."
‘He just really values his sleep,’ Natasha said. ‘Can’t keep a body like that without enough sleep. Or one like mine. I’m going to bed as well. Goodnight.’
‘What happened?’ he asked. ‘Wait, no, this has something to do with you always wanted to get a place to sleep when it started to get dark outside? Are you like this every night?’
'Talk to Clint, I heard he is working on it,' Sam said. 'He is tracing down their families too. Former spy, so he's pretty good. Last office on the right. Oh, he forgot his hearing aids today, so don't wait until he calls you in when you knock. He can lip-read pretty well, so no problems there.'
‘You can ask, see if I’ll answer,’ Tony replied.
‘That was kind of impressive,’ Clint admitted.
'On it!' Natasha replied.
'Yeah, if you prefer talking to me instead of any of my colleagues, we just do that,' Steve answered.
'It's clouded! We can't even see the stars!' Steve sighed. 'I didn't wait seventy years to freeze to death. They can wait a day longer. You said they needed me as a bodyguard, so there's no emergency. We're staying here for the night.'
Steve was sitting at the kitchen table, reading the newspaper on his table, his breakfast sat on the table in front of him. He looked up when his friend walked in, but he frowned at the request. ‘What kind of favor?’ he asked. ‘I’m not helping you to pull a prank on Clint again, especially after what happened last time.’
Steve chuckled. ‘Training in the army was hard,’ he said. ‘I had to stay in shape. And when I got home training became something to keep my mind off things. Still going to the gym once or twice a week.’
Clint was surprised by that answer. Steve had been a nice guy, this didn't seem to be like him. Was Captain America secretly an asshole? Hero by day, villain by night? No, that just couldn’t be. His voice didn’t sound good, it was more like he was sick.
Tony was in his workshop, working on one of his Iron Man suits, when he heard the doors open. When he noticed Steve and Natasha walking in, he frowned.
'You did it in the comics too. Maybe the writer is someone from your past and we do know all the stories about you, we just don't know that they're real. Yet. Because the guy you'll be working for will want you back in the field. I'm sure he'll find a way to make you Captain America again. So bring your uniform.'
A few kilograms of drugs had been found in the club and it had Ronan's fingerprints on it. They had almost ten statements from guys who were abducted by Ronan's gang and were forced to work for him. All of the guys were prepared to testify in court, if Stefanie would be there to support them. They had everything they needed to lock Ronan, Nebula, and some of Ronan’s men away. Clint and his team had prepared safe places for all the victims. They'd get their new ID the moment they testified. Houses all over the country and background stories were prepared. A bunch of family members had been found and would get a new ID as well.
'Oh, that's a great game!' Tony said, standing still in the middle of his tiny front yard.
'Well, I work at a bakery and I make different pastries every day, but my boss always asks for donuts, in case mister Stark will visit. So I figured he liked my donuts. I made them with different flavors of icing this time.'
Next they took a piece of cloth and made a parachute-like construction. They tried what would happen if they tied a rock to it. They threw it from the top of a tree. Thankfully Tony hadn't tried it himself, because the rock fell on the ground with a loud thud. Steve and Tony changed the construction, but the next tests were as successful as the first one. The cloth was never strong enough to carry the weight of Tony's body. And as the years passed by, they couldn't try with Steve anymore either, because he was slowly growing taller and bigger than his royal friend.
Rhodey grabbed his phone from his pocket. ‘You still owe me 274 favors, see? If you don’t want to be in debt until you die, you better help me out now.’
'I don't know what they told in the comics, but I can run twenty-seven miles,' Steve said with a smirk. 'If you show me the map I'll find my way.'
There was only one place left where Tony hadn’t searched: the tower. Hopefully the genetically engineered man was there. If he was really as good as Fury suggested, he might have been hiding from Tony. Even with the suit he couldn’t scan an entire floor, so there were always places left to hide. He would have to do another round on the floors, but first the tower.
'Okay, thank you,' Steve said. He took one last look at the room, which was decorated in the same colors as the club. There was a bed, a couch, a chair, a table with champagne, some glasses and a bowl filled with condoms. That was it. It made a shiver run down Steve's spine.
'Some of you disappointed me today,' Buddy said. 'Some of you surprised me. We had two challenges, it’s time for an elimination. One of you is going home.'
Steve bit his lip. His sad story wasn’t going to get him out of here. Stark looked very unimpressed. Not good. Maybe less honesty, more puppy eyes? He had done it before, he could do it again. They got him out of some nasty situations.
Tony was so surprised that James agreed that he almost forgot to answer. ‘Eh…yeah, no, no problem at all. My car is the red one over there.’
‘Rhodey, get me a date with your hot friend. Rhodey, let me copy your homework. Rhodey, try out this new machine for me. Rhodey, I’m drunk as fuck, cover for me when the teacher asks where I am,’ Rhodey mimicked a few of the favors Tony has asked him over the years. ‘Sounds familiar?’
‘You don’t even know what I was going to ask!’ Rhodey said.
The robot didn't stop or slow down, instead he tried to get Steve off his back. Steve tried to hold on, but the robot went crazy and he was launched into a wall. Thankfully he could block most of the crash with his shield, but it still hurt. Steve stood back up and turned around. Agents were shooting, but bullets didn't do anything to the steal armor. Any other heroes that showed up were taken away by the police. Steve sighed, shook his head, and ran to Natasha.
'Rhodey! My man, my love, honey bear, you're back. We should celebrate, let's go for a drink, my treat, as always,' Tony rambled as he got off his chair and approached his friend. 'Tell me everything! Are those new weapons really that crappy? Please tell me Hammer did a horrible job. I need to hear it, I need some good news!'
'More feminine than I had expected,' Bucky said, surprised. 'You look really good. You'll have to learn to run in those things, because those guys will all want a piece of you.'
As they dried off and got dressed again, Tony checked his watch. They had spent several hours in the caves and he had to admit he had fun. It hadn't been that difficult at all.
‘Of course I understand,’ Thor said as he slapped Steve hard on the shoulder. ‘He is all yours, Steven!’
‘I don’t have either,’ Tony answered. ‘That won’t be a problem.’
‘Get us some vodka!’ shouted Bucky over the loud music.
‘Anthony, shut up and get in the car,’ the first man said. ‘It’s not safe here.’
Tony folded his umbrella and left it on the bench. He didn't need it anymore, maybe it could be of use for someone else. He stepped into the train and found a comfortable spot next to the window. He wanted to enjoy the view. He had never enjoyed the view much, always working when he was on his way.
‘There is nothing wrong with Range Rovers,’ Steve laughed. ‘I’m not driving you around unless you admit that.’
'You'd like to know that, wouldn't you!' Sam laughed. 'Last thing he said was not to tell you that you're his type. It might explain why he got all handsy with you yesterday. But you have no excuse for looking at his ass all the time. You do know we see whatever you see, right?'
People got on and off at different floors, but nobody seemed to notice Steve. They were so busy with their phones and papers that they didn’t even see the tiny guy in the back. They just hurried out of the elevator and  moved on to whatever important thing was waiting for them. Steve didn’t move and didn’t make a sound until he was the only one left. It seemed like the elevator took forever to pass the last few floors. Steve was hopping from one foot on the other until the doors finally opened. He peeked to the left and the right, but there was no one in sight. Quickly he got out. There was no private elevator that would let to the penthouse, but there were stairs. Every building, every floor, needed emergency stairs, even the penthouse of Stark tower. Would they be connected to the emergency stairs on the lower floors?
It wasn’t just his looks, James was really nice too. He was funny and he blushed adorably when Tony complimented him. This guy was almost too good to be true. They had clicked, it just worked out, and Tony had an amazing evening, until he remembered he had lied to James. Even if Rhodey was okay with Tony dating this man, James would probably be angry that he lied to him. Who would trust a guy that lied like that on the first date? Tony definitely wouldn’t.
'We need feathers!' Tony said. 'A whole bunch of feathers. If we can make wings with feathers I'm sure I can fly! Pick up every feather you find, okay?'
‘Hi,’ Tony answered, like he hadn’t just been staring at the man’s body. ‘I’m Tony. I’m an emergency surgeon. Have you just started here? Please tell me they didn’t make Christmas eve your first shift for this hospital!’
Steve smiled at him before he turned back to Tony. 'Today is your lucky day. You will have your threesome! We'll use Julia's room. It's bigger.'
‘They are,’ James said. ‘My place is at the end of this street. Maybe you can join me on my bike one day and find out for yourself what it feels like.’
He needed a plan, and fast. The sun was already setting and Steve didn’t have much time left. Maybe he could open a fire hydrant and aim the water at the robot with his shield. Or at the electricity cable, but that could be dangerous for the people around as well. His only other plan was to drop a building on top of the robot and crush it. It was confirmed that one of the damaged buildings was empty. He’d had to make the robot hit the building again to make it fall. And he had to make it hit the building at exactly the right spot, or it would fall in another direction, and that would be absolutely useless.
'Yes,' Steve said. 'How do you know that? How do you know about Hydra?'
'Yeah, sorry to disappoint,' Steve sighed, quickly putting on a shirt and some pants.
‘We’re not staying,’ said Tony.
‘Yeah, because Captain America is scrawny and useless.’
To keep it cheap, Steve tried to hitchhike as much as possible. The public transport was minimal in this country and if you used it you missed half of all the amazing views. Renting a car himself was too expensive, though. As were hotels. He moved from one camp to the other. Some were luxurious, with a hot tub, a pool and a television room, but others didn't even have showers. Steve didn't mind, he would just jump in a lake if he had the chance.
'What about this Tony guy?' Nebula asked. 'You're all over him. He doesn't seem to mind, but I can't have you falling for him.'
‘I know you still have a crush on her,’ Steve said, looking back at his newspaper. ‘And I know Natasha is amazing, but do you really think it was Clint who pulled that revenge prank on us? Nat was the mastermind behind it.’
‘Yeah, a bit abstract, but explicit at the same time,’ Steve answered. He pulled a face as he took a closer look at the painting. ‘Not really the tasteful nudes you’d want to see in a gallery.’
Steve ignored him and flirted with Tony. He really hoped they would be interrupted by the policeman, but it was almost eleven and he still wasn't there! When Tony went to get more drinks, Steve's demanded an explanation from Sam.
'You can ogle my plane later,' Tony laughed. 'You like all kinds of transportation? Do you also look at trains like you want to take them apart?'
'Yeah, thanks,' Steve answered as he sat down.
'Steve, are you alright?' he asked softly. He couldn't see Steve's face, the man was looking out of the window.
'You were perfect, babe,' Tony said. 'Is that guy paying for your drink or do I still have a chance with you?'
Steve laughed. 'I'm your fiancee now, I expect nothing less.'
‘Me too,’ James answered. He bent forward and pressed a short kiss on Steve’s lips. Steve was too stunned to say or do something, but James didn’t seem to care. ‘I’ll call you. I really want to see you again soon.’
So the next time Steve walked by, after he parked his motorcycle, Tony practically ran outside. Thankfully he was dressed pretty sharply this time, since he just came back from court. Steve stopped when he noticed Tony.
‘It’s almost one in the morning,’ Steve said surprised when he checked his watch. ‘Guess it is time to go home.’
This case couldn't end better.
Now all he had to do was act natural. Like everyone else he stepped into one of the elevators. He got himself in a corner in the far back as they moved to a different floor. The penthouse was on the top of the tower. Of course this elevator wasn’t going to get him there, but Steve would go up as far as possible. Once he got there he would figure out what to do next.
'I think we should sell toolboxes too,' Clint said. 'A box with screwdrivers and a hammer, stuff like that, so the kids can continue their small projects at home. They won't lose interest.'
'Stefanie,' Steve answered. 'Or Scott, but I sure you know that's not my real name. Maybe I'll tell you tell you when this is all over.'
Tony raised an eyebrow at the dark-haired man in front of him, who shook his hand and placed his other hand on Tony's arm. He was about as tall as Tony himself, but with twice the weight. He was obviously a baker, since he was wearing the white button up shirt with the logo. On his chest the name 'Buddy' was written.
'Maybe I should try dying then, see if you really have magical lips. Knight in shining armor,' Tony flirted back.
But Julia approached him after work. Steve was surprised, he had never really talked to Julia before.
'All information about me was destroyed after the war,' Steve said. 'They didn't want people to use me as some kind of weapon unless there was a real big threat. I guess they didn't need me, now that they have new heroes, like you two. I'd still like to go back outside though.'
'Thanks, send them to Maria Hill when you're done,' Tony said. He was tempted to smack that ass, but he stopped himself just in time. Damn, this was starting to become a problem.
Ten-year old Tony Stark stood on the walls of the castle, his arms spread wide. Something that looked like paper wings were attached to his wrists, elbows and shoulders. He looked down and gulped. It was pretty high, but he had to do this if he wanted to fly. He dook a deep breath and was about to jump when he heard a voice.
‘Oh, yeah, of course, just let me grab your money and you can head back to Brooklyn,’ Tony said as he rummaged through his pockets, looking for money.
Tony sat down in the hot water, facing the slowly setting sun. He really enjoyed the warmth and lazily closed his eyes. Maybe camping wasn't so bad.
‘No wife waiting for you to come home?’ Tony asked as he started to change into his scrubs.
Tony remembered the newspapers saying the death of his parents had been a great loss. Tony couldn't even remember if he had been sad. Sad because of all his new responsibilities maybe, but that was it. The death of his parents was a ticket to his freedom. He wouldn't have had a future with Steve if they had lived until they died a natural death.
Sam Wilson was the man who was in charge of the veterans. Most of them had PTSD and came to his group sessions every week. He picked veterans who could handle the work and the kids.
'Maybe I'll come and visit you for a night of fun,' Natasha said seductively. She laughed when she heard Bucky's whine.
With that said Steve walked into his room and slammed the door behind him. He didn’t even know why he was so angry. He agreed to go on this date in Bucky’s place, he knew that one day Bucky would take over, or the contact with James would be broken off. Steve wanted to see James again, he wanted to go on another date, even though things were never going to work for them. Steve had lied about everything. If he ever tried to tell the truth James would think he was crazy.
'Sure.'
'Stef, you said you weren't forced!' Olivia said, fear in his eyes.
The next three bakers had pretty decent pastries, but they were absolutely random and the bakers couldn't give a good reason why exactly they made them. Tony liked them, but he didn't love them. Curiously he looked at the weird brown thing of the sixth contestant.
'Yes, it's Manhattan. That building here, that's mine. I live there,' Tony pointed out.
‘Now that I have your attention again, I’d like to tell you that all of you can get a room here at Shield headquarters, or a small apartment somewhere in the city. All funded by Shield, of course.’
Tony grinned. Success!
‘Well, in that case,’ Steve mumbled. ‘Bartender! Scratch the tequila, I want a bottle of vodka instead.’
'I wasn't planning on kissing you until we had a date in New York,' Tony whined. 'Now I'm addicted! How can I go a month without that? You know I...'
It wasn’t even a lie.
They talked more about the things Steve had seen and done on his trip and the very few things Tony had seen as they finished their pizza. They walked back to the campsite where Steve dug through his bag and fished out swimming trunks and a towel.
‘I thought I just had to entertain your back up date,’ Steve grumbled. ‘Why do I have to try and seduce them? If they like me for my ass, they’re definitely not going to like you. Your ass is non-existing.’
‘Oh, yeah, of course,’ James said. ‘Go left at the traffic lights.’
'Yes,' Steve answered. He already felt his blush coming back. Not because the guy had found him or that he was touching him, but because he recognized him, now that he was wearing a suit. It was billionaire businessman Tony Stark.
Steve didn't answer, he didn't even hear Tony. He was too overwhelmed by all the amazing things in the workshop. This is what he had read about in science fiction books, this was what the future was supposed to look like. Robots, flashing computer screens, and holograms floating in the air. It was amazing and felt unreal. Steve wanted to touch it all, see how it worked, but Tony woke him up from his thoughts.
'No, no, no, no, no, wait a minute, Tony interrupted Fury. 'You knew it was Captain America who was locked up there? And you didn't tell us?'
'You can pilot a plane?' Tony asked surprised.
'You're not secretly in love with me, are you? You have hearts in your eyes again,' Olivia said, looking into Steve's eyes. 'Because I'm sleeping with guys, but I'm into girls, so you don't stand a chance.'
James moaned again when he took another bite. ‘This is all I’m going to eat for the rest of my life. Training or no training, I will get fat and I won’t even mind!’
'You're gay?' Tony asked surprised.
‘Of course I’ll pay!’ Tony said, almost insulted, but Rhodey wasn’t listening. He just pushed Tony out of the door, handed him his car keys, and made him hurry up. He couldn’t be late!
‘Tony, you have a very important meeting with the shareholders, tomorrow at ten,’ Pepper Potts said as she walked into the penthouse. ‘Tony?’
'I'm sure they'll show it a few more times,' Steve laughed.
When about an hour had passed Steve sat a little closer to Jack, touched his arm when he talked and put his hand on his knee. The other guys noticed they weren't going to get any from Stefanie, so they left or turned to Lauren.
'I'm not allowed to tell you, since the show isn't broadcasted yet,' Steve started. 'But I didn't win, I was the runner up. Pretty frustrating. But that means I'll be back at Fury's bakery, so you can come over and get your donuts again.'
‘Director, sir, he is abusing his power already! I say we make me team leader!’ Clint said, pointing his thumbs at himself.
‘In the kitchen!’ Rhodey yelled back. ‘Dinner is ready, so you have better not eaten yet.’
Steve took a deep breath and pulled his shirt straight. He could stay a little longer and see how things would work out. For Bucky of course. If things didn’t work out with the girl he would still have a backup date. Steve knew he was being stupid. This guy was his type, the dark hair, the way he carried himself, those clothes, Steve wasn’t sure if he could handle seeing Bucky date this man. He wasn’t the jealous type, but this could definitely make him jealous. Maybe this guy was an asshole. That was totally possible, maybe this would be a terrible date.
Tony laughed. ‘That’s a good question. You guys don’t know what the world looks like, right? You haven’t been out for seventy years. No, I’m not half robot. This is my armor, I’m some sort of super hero, I guess, trying to help people.’ He clicked a few buttons and the suit folded itself neatly back into a suitcase, leaving Tony in his under suit.
“Sorry kid, I am terrible at keeping people company now because I just can’t stop talking about my dead fiance.” He jokes knowing it’s not funny at all, even by his standards.
“Breathe, focus on me, I am right here, Tony.” Steve pleads, “We will fix this, I promise, look at me Tony. I am right here.”
“Thank you, Tony.” Steve hears himself say into the microphone, still slightly dazzled by his lover’s brilliant smile.
And that was the moment when he realized that nothing else in his life was more valuable to the man in his arms. As they make their journey return, Steve paid no heed to the stars they passed by. The existence of Tony Stark glowed brighter than a billion stars in the galaxy combined.
“Well, it seems like we are having Mr. Stark here with us today!” The event moderator announces cheerfully. “It is so wonderful to see you, Mr. Stark!”
The sound of Tony’s crying slowly starts to cease. Steve cradles the man’s head on his shoulder, rubbing his back in a comforting manner.
He thinks idly, not wanting to let go despite the fact that Tony has already fallen back to sleep.
The crowd goes absolutely wild.
“Tony, it wasn’t your fault.” Tony nearly flinches when he feels Steve’s hand on his shoulder, but hearing his name from Steve’s mouth is soothing. “None of this is your fault. Please. Don’t blame yourself.”
“Nat.”
He begs.
A soft knock on the door. Tony lifts his head, not shocked to find a certain supersoldier smiling at him by his door. “Figured you might have trouble sleeping tonight.” He says. “Mind if I join?”
@CaptainAmerica
His heart dropped when he heard Tony had left with the spaceship, and the uncertainty of not knowing if he survived Thanos’ snap nearly drove him to madness. He believed Tony was still out there, he wouldn’t let anyone tell him otherwise. It took too long for them to find him, way too long, and when he got on the Benatar and saw Tony’s emaciated body on the chair, he felt like he was going to lose his mind.
His head hurts like crazy, and his mouth is still too dry to speak, but his mind is thankfully still functional. He stares at the small crowd of people sitting around him in disbelief, feeling his throat getting tighter while his eyes well up. So he isn’t too dehydrated to cry anymore. That’s a nice change.
“Yes. Yes please.” He answered desperately. He needed to see Tony, to ensure that he was safe with his own eyes. Natasha gave him a pat on the back encouragingly. “Go. Spend some time with him.”
Holding onto the blanket and breathing in Tony’s scent, he closes his eyes and savors this moment. Like a cat lying beneath a ray of sunlight, Steve feels warm and content.
He officially retires from being Iron Man. It hurts too much, because every part of being Iron Man reminds him of Steve. It is how they met, after all.
Steve holds Tony’s hand and presses a kiss on his knuckles, his lips lingering over his ring finger.
He takes a cup of chamomile tea back to his room and stares at his Iron Man suit.
Funny how Tony thinks that was the least horrible part of the whole ordeal.
And today, with half of the universe’s population gone, that doesn’t seem like the priority anymore. It still hurts, but he won’t let this personal conflict get in the way of their mission. He can’t fix this by himself. So he tries to be kind to Steve, if it is what it takes to bring everyone back.
“Sorry for hacking into your channel system. It was a last minute thing and I didn’t know who to contact for that.” Tony gives a wink at the camera and the crowd starts chanting “Tony!” and “Iron Man!” Which is great because he loves to see how much people supports Tony. He is so, so proud of him, but he also feels……weirdly jealous.
“I thought I was going to die. He was going to finish me. But then Strange told him to spare me and he’ll give him the stone. I should have stopped him right there. Told him not to bother.” Tony’s brows knit in anguish. “He took the stone and left. You know the rest.”
Although that night wasn’t the first time he heard about Tony’s fight against Thanos, hearing it directly from his mouth was much more troubling, in addition to the fact that Tony was so nonchalant about getting stabbed and nearly dying at Thanos’ hand. It isn’t difficult to imagine just how traumatizing the whole experience was for Tony.
That’s how Captain America proposed to Iron Man in front of over a dozen other members of the Avengers after they defeated the most powerful being in the universe.
Blood. A loud bang as the body is slammed onto the ground. More blood. Screams. Warm. Cold. Blank. Haziness. He can’t think. He can’t think. He can’t remember.
“Steve.” Tony chokes out, his gaze darting away to avoid letting Steve see the tears brimming in his eyes. He should have been wearing his sunglasses. Tony Stark might be narcissistic but he is not lacking in empathy. After the mess in Siberia, he also spent a great deal of time reflecting on what happened. He was angry, yes. But maybe it was easier to stay angry when you don’t see that person anymore. It was easier to be angry at Steve when the future of the universe wasn’t at stake and Steve wasn’t making every attempt at showing him how much he still cares about Tony. And now, with Steve kneeling in front of him, confessing his love, Tony questions if he would be able to convince himself for any longer that he hasn’t already forgiven Steve long ago.
“Um, if it is not too personal.” The young reporter starts hesitantly, giving Steve a glance before continuing. “Mr. Stark, after the incident with the Accords, was it difficult for the Avengers to work as a team again? Are you and Captain America on good terms now?”
He has an urge to turn around and tell the audience, but that’s information yet to be disclosed to the public at the moment. They are trying to keep their relationship on a low profile for now.
That was when Steve decided. “Let’s get married.” He said, with no preamble at all.
Tony survived so much, and he had been hurt so many times. It pains him to no end to think about what if Tony had died fighting Thanos, or if he had been part of the casualty of the decimation, he wouldn’t have been able to do any of the things he is doing right now for him. No holding him when he has nightmares, no making breakfast for him, no smiling at him and feeling warm and happy when he smiles back. When Steve actually thinks about it, it is a miracle that he got the chance to be part of Tony’s life.
He turns his head away. It must be the sun in his eyes because suddenly he can’t see so clearly anymore. There is something wrong with him. The world is on the verge of death, but all he can think about is kissing Tony’s hair.
“Tony Stark, everyone!” The crowd erupts in applause and cheering. For the first time since stepping in front of the press, Steve finds himself collected and composed again.
. An inaudible apology escapes his chapped lips. It’s too late now. He is going to die here without being able to change a thing.
“You wish you could get rid of me that easily.” He jokes easily and makes her laugh. There is a gentle pat on his left shoulder. Rhodey.
At this point, he doesn’t know whether he is scared or angry or relief by that fact. He and Nebula tried everything they could think of to get themselves back on Earth in hopes of reuniting with the remaining avengers. They have exhausted every bit of resources, even sacrificing parts that made up of Nebula’s own body to repair the ship. There is nothing left, and he is so very tired. His body is practically breaking down due to starvation and dehydration, nearly every inch of his body is hurting, and his sense of reality is drifting away. Coherent thoughts are more that what he is capable of, the few moments left of his sanity are spent on thinking how much he hates himself for not being able to do more. Perhaps death would be merciful to him.
“Alright. Feel free to go……at anytime. You don’t have to stay the whole night.” Tony scratches the back of his head, shifting his body to lie back on the bed again while Steve pulls the chair closer to the bed. “Night, Cap.”
“Steve? You are okay with this? You are not……mad at me?” Tony can’t control his mouth and asks brusquely. It’s his insecurity speaking. He supposes if he were to die tomorrow, he wants to know he is still loved by Steve.
“But he made it. He’ll be fine. We’ll get him to medic as soon as we get back.” She comforted.
Tony is stupid. He is so useless. He can’t even get this one thing right. Good for nothing. That’s why Steve should have thrown him away, found someone better. He is useless. He isn’t good enough for Steve.
Steve feels like he couldn’t breathe when they were giving emergency treatment to Tony. He was stranded in space for 22 days, starving, dehydrated, and suffocating from the lack of oxygen right before they rescued them both. 22 days, for God’s sake. Just how much did Tony suffer without them knowing? Steve was crying so hard on the spaceship that Natasha had to sit him down and told him to take deep breaths. They were nearly too late.
“Of course I know.” Tony mumbles, running his hand down his face in exhaustion.
He needs to say it soon, that he knows. Tony deserves to hear it from him.
He finally creates that shield.
But it’s okay. Tony can fix it. That’s what he does; he fixes things. He is a mechanic.
After the initial euphoria of surviving space settles in, facing reality brings back unimaginable amount of dread. He greets the new faces that are on the team now and listens to their stories. Tony sits on his bed stoically while the remaining avengers updates him on the state of the world. The casualties, the fallen, all the people they have lost. He clenches his teeth when they tell him about the battle of Wakanda, remorse filling his mind when he pieces together the timeline. While they were struggling to put themselves back together after the defeat on Titan, Thanos had appeared on the soil of Earth to rip out the last infinity stone from Vision’s head.
Nausea overtakes him, he would have thrown up if he had anything left in his stomach. Tony stumbles and drops to his knees, hands clasped tightly over his mouth. Violent trembles runs through his entire body. He was hyperventilating. He is working so hard to breathe, but his lungs won’t expand. Tears fill his widened eyes as his heart pounds hard in his chest.
“You got it.” Steve chuckles as Tony blows a kiss at him on screen. “Alright, I really need to get ready and read up on these documents so I know what the fuck I am talking about for that meeting. Love you.”
As for him and Tony, they are ready to hand their leadership over to the next generation of Avengers. There are few familiar faces, such as Sam, Scott Lang, and Hope van Dyne, and Steve knows the future is in good hands.
He keeps himself busy the entire day, making sure everyone’s weapons and equipment are in perfect shape. Anxiety hangs high in the air, and most of the team decide to head to bed early. Tony knows he should follow suit, but he already knows he won’t be able to get much sleep in. There is too much on his mind.
“We won. Tony.” He whispered in awe.  It was just like New York.
After that night, Steve makes the effort to take care of Tony in whatever way he can. He makes him breakfast in the morning, hands him water and protein bars after he gets back from the gym, and whenever he feels like a headache is about to come on, Steve is standing there with the bottle of ibuprofen in hand.
“Yeah, you are right.” Steve gave him a small smile. Having Rhodey here helped. There was a part of him that expected Rhodey to punch him in the guts the first time after they saw each other again after Siberia. But a lot was having that day, including alien invasion and Tony leaving with the alien spaceship, and Rhodey had always been a responsible man who knew his priorities.
is the first thing that came to his mind when he opens his eyes and sees the angry tears in Pepper’s eyes. The subsequent slap in the face more or less confirms his hypothesis. It barely stings because no matter how furious Pepper is at him, she never wants to hurt him. Even though he does deserve it.
“I mean, not right now, of course. And I don’t have a ring. But we should. If you want to.” Steve was rambling by that point. “Do you want to marry me, Tony? I can’t do this anymore. You almost died.” He might had gotten lost in his head right there because before he knew it he was full on venting. “What was that last thing you did? You could have gotten yourself killed! Tony!
happy before. Perhaps it is because he really hasn’t been. Tony spent his whole life dealing with various forms of trauma, and now that they have saved the universe and decided to retire from their role as superheroes, this might as well be the first time Tony Stark is living for himself.
He finally successfully created that element.
“Not him, not him, take me instead, take me, please take me……”
A gasp is heard from the audience. The large screen behind Steve suddenly lights up on its own without warning and the next thing he knows, he is staring at Tony’s beaming face on the monitor.
He hears this over and over again and he has an urge to spit in the person’s face every time. This isn’t fair. He shouldn’t have to trade his Steve for everyone’s sake. He hates this world. He hates the pitying look people throw at him. His hatred for Thanos runs so deep that he wishes he can kill him again a million times over. He hates himself because he should have grabbed the gauntlet and taken the spot before Steve could get a hold of it. He is an idiot and he regrets every bit of it.
“What the hell were you thinking? Tony!” Pepper is crying into her hand. Tony can’t make himself watch. He wishes she would just understand she will be better off without him. “I found you unconscious on the floor, you almost died! What would have happened if I didn’t stop by?”
He can somehow manage the sleep deprivation part with more coffee, but it is the parts he can’t control that he hates.
“I hope they don’t ask any weird questions. I don’t really like it when they start getting too personal.” Steve says in a slight discomforted tone. The Avengers have been given some sort of celebrity status, especially now that they have saved half the world’s population from staying as dust permanently. Tony has lived the majority of his life as a celebrity, but this is different for Steve. Even when he was Captain America in the 40s, he was fighting Hydra and the Red Skull, not partaking in personal interviews and getting questions about his fashion preferences. People are not only curious about his superhuman strength, but they also want to know about his morning routine and favorite ice cream flavor.
“……Cap……?”
By the time Steve wakes up, Tony is gone.
A brilliant, bright light engulfs him before he passes out.
Disappointment clouds the supersoldier’s mind before he notices the blanket draped over him. Tony’s blanket. A smile quickly rises to his lip. Despite knowing that he slept past when he usually wakes up, Steve isn’t in a hurry to leave. He is in Tony’s room. Tony allowed him to stay. Tony wasn’t hostile towards him and didn’t kick him out. This is more than what he can ask for. It’s progress.
“Tony……” Steve sounds so full of sadness, and Tony hates that. He doesn’t want to think about Steve actually caring. It makes him happy to think that he matters to Steve, but he is also simultaneously angered by it. It reminds him of how Steve chose to let go of it all despite what they were to each other.
Steve has always knew about Tony’s self flagellation tendencies, and it breaks his heart to hear him crying out at night pleading to be taken by the decimation instead of the kid from Queens. There is no doubt that Tony truly believes he doesn’t deserve to live.
Steve can’t remember much of it now, other than a cacophony of despair swallowing him whole as he cried onto Tony’s body. For a brief second, he couldn't even remember why he was in this fight anymore. He couldn’t hear his heartbeat. He couldn’t find his pulse. He sobbed and begged Tony to wake up, to not leave him. He truly believes he would have lost it back then if Carol Denvers hadn’t pulled him away and told him Tony was still alive.
Steve’s eyes were bright and determined when he made the speech this morning, and watching him sent a little spark of heat into Tony’s heart. How stupid, how wrong of him to be feeling this way when they have a mission to save humanity the next day. Tony hurriedly bury the feeling deep in his chest.
It’s nice to not be alone.
He doesn’t want to die like that. He wishes for a proper farewell to all the people he cares about, the ones that are alive, at least. But maybe that is more than what he deserves. After all, fifty percent of the universe's population disappeared with the snap of Thanos’ fingers. None of them got to say goodbye to their loved ones. Some of them were even planets away from their home when it happened. He can feel his heart twisting in pain again.
Now that he thinks about it, he feels terrible for Tony. While he got to leave everything behind and went on with his own missions, Tony was left behind dealing with the mess he caused. The media must have tried to eat him alive back then too. Steve clenches his fist silently, growing angry at himself again.
Tony’s voice cuts through the wall built up from old memories and Steve’s self-hatred like knife through butter. As he always does, Tony puts together an articulate answer without even skipping a beat.
Tony just stared at him, mouth agape.
The thought of Steve without his shield gives Tony’s stomach a cold feeling, spreading through his entire body. Steve is strong, he can take care of himself, but he is also not the best at protecting himself from sustaining injuries. Steve always runs straight towards where the enemy is the most vicious, getting himself hurt all the time.
Pepper, Happy, and Rhodey take a step back to make room for the others to come closer. Banner. Nat. Clint. Thor. Nebula. Tony’s eyes brighten at the ghost of a smile hanging from Nebula’s lips. For the duration of their time together on the Benatar, she was his most trusted companion. They worked through despair and hopelessness together. He wouldn’t have survived without her.
“Alright folks, this is Cap’s first time doing this, so go easy on him, will you?” Tony smiles easily and the audience members start to quiet down. Reporters are grabbing their notepads and pens in a hurry. Steve doesn’t even know what to say. Tony just has that undeniable charisma to him, makes people want to listen. “Listen, I can’t be here long because I gotta run to a meeting real quick. So I’ll take, let’s see, three questions. Then it’s Cap’s turn. Yes there, lady in the blue shirt. What do you have for me?”
Tony puts his hand over Steve’s chest. “Before that, I did promise to do many dirty things to you. So. Let’s do that first, then our dinner at 8:30, then we go on our vacation away from the press.”
He joins Natasha at the gym, not wanting to bother Tony and burden him any further. She gives him the same disapproving look him every time he tells her he still hasn’t talked to Tony.
Tony wakes up five hours later on the floor with his tools scattered around him, shivering in the cold. He admonishes himself while tears are brimming in his eyes. He can’t believe he wasted precious time again.
Standing a bit farther from everyone else is Steve, watching Tony interact with the rest of the team quietly with guilt lingering on his face. Tony has an idea of what is going through Steve’s mind right now, since the man has never been the best at concealing his emotions. They lock eyes for a moment, unspeakable tension and anxiety fill the air before Tony starts to cough. Rhodey immediately hands him a glass of water, which he gratefully accepts. “Tony, you should rest. I know you want to catch up with everybody, but your body is still recovering.” He urges. “Get some sleep. We aren’t going anywhere without you.”
Steve comes to realize just how many times he had almost lost Tony.
“Hey boss.” Happy gives him a wide grin and a shaky hug. “I had someone tidy up your office for you as soon as I heard you are back.”
“Not quite. Ms. Potts is still going to be CEO and I don’t plan on taking a bigger part in managing the company. I am fairly interested in expanding our role in the clean energy movement. Now that I get more time to myself, I think I will be doing more of the engineering and designing aspect of things. There are more ways to help the world other than superheroing. Last question? Gentleman with the green notepad. Yes, you. Make it good.”
And there is no way Tony would let that happen on his watch.
Tony had to make another promise he didn’t want to keep in order to leave the hospital. He is pretty sure staying at the hospital made him feel even more miserable, so he promised Pepper and Rhodey he would stop ignoring their calls and text them at least one a day. They also made him install FRIDAY again to monitor his health and he might just be the first person in mankind to get chewed out by his AI. He still wishes he could accidentally drown in a bathtub but he doesn’t want to make Pepper cry again, so he follows through with his first promise to Steve with no loophole this time.
“Yeah. It’s home.” He says. They share a look and both smile.
He really wishes Tony were here. Or he could have cancelled this conference and rescheduled another day where they are both available, but he would have felt bad for screwing up the logistics of things so here he is. Steve takes a deep breath, making a mental note to remember his smile—
“Thank you……for making it back, for being so brave and holding on for so long. Thank you for still being here. I love you, Tony. I love you more than anything else in the world.”
It doesn’t feel like the right choice to Tony. Not when he has to wake up in their bed alone. Not when he has to come home to a house still full of Steve’s belonging every day. Not when he cries in the middle of the night and there won’t be anyone rushing in to comfort him anymore.
He feels restless. Even though he can barely stand on his own without assistance, his brain is still telling him to get up and start strategizing at this very moment. “I need to—I need to get to my office. I can activate Friday again and we can brainstorm some ideas—”
Peter comes to visit him at his mansion.
He is drinking his weight in whiskey. And vodka. And gin. He is tired of feeling everything. FRIDAY would have called an ambulance for him but he gets rid of her too. He does feel bad because she sounds so disappointed in him when he is shutting her her down. Great. He even manages to piss off his own AI.
“……Tony?”
“You know, we were supposed to have a spring wedding.”
Tony tries to ignore the emotions that brings forward. Steve, holding his lifeless body thinking he came minutes too late to save him. Steve losing his cool. Steve shedding tears for him. Something clutches his heart.
Steve blushes. Tony doesn’t hold back on his attraction to Steve, ever. “You like what you are looking at?” He teases lightly.
He still hasn’t said his apology to Tony yet, sensing last night wasn’t a good time. Tony was in a panic attack, his logic pushed to the side by his guilt. Steve just wanted to help him feel better. He can tell Tony hasn’t been resting properly ever since he was released from medic.
I said yes.                                                  He said yes.
“Hey, he is still unconscious, but his vitals are stable now. We already contacted Banner and he is going to get everything set up and ready for him by the time we get home.” Rhodey approached them, a tight smile on his face. Steve felt terrible for losing it back there. He was so frantic that he barely had any room to consider the feelings of his teammates. Rhodey was Tony’s best friend, but he held it together so much better than Steve. “Thought you might want to see him, Cap.”
Siberia was his worst nightmare. The man he loved was trying to kill his best friend. Steve couldn’t think. He didn’t have the leisure to consider the alternatives. All he could do is to separate Tony from his mind-controlled best friend. Tony was relentless. He wanted revenge on Bucky. Steve felt like his heart was shattering. He couldn’t just watch Bucky die in front of him again, then the only choice was to, the only choice was……to hurt Tony. He just needed to stop him. To deactivate his suit. That was all he needed to do. He would explain himself, he would. He needed to get Bucky away from here because Bucky needed help. Steve already failed Bucky once and he was the reason Bucky ended up the way he was, so he couldn’t fail him again. Tony was smart and brilliant and maybe one day he would understand. Tony just needed time. He wished with all his heart.
Tony can feel his mind drifting away as the oxygen level in the Benatar drops to dangerously low levels.
He can’t ignore the pain in Steve’s eyes. He returned home to a different Steve Rogers, subtle differences in his demeanor that Tony easily picks up on. He sees Steve’s shoulders stiffen every time Tony brings his attention to him. He even stumbles over his words sometimes when he is replying to Tony. It’s like every moment he is silently waiting for Tony to push him away and close the door on his face.
“Tony. I am sorry, I know this is your room and you probably don’t want to see me but I heard your voice……I got worried.” Steve approaches him cautiously, “If you don’t want to see me, just say it and I’ll leave. I promise. I just want to make sure you are okay.”
“Yep. No hydraulics or gears or plates. Just one piece designed to move with me.” Tony took a step back, his arm falling from Steve’s grasp, and did a few squats and lunges and stretched his arms to the heavens before windmilling them around. “Much more flexible. God, it’s like I’m barely even wearing anything. But…here, hit me.”
Tony’s hands stilled and he couldn’t hold back a grin as the words seeped into his soul, warming him from the inside out.
Steve paused and swallowed. When he spoke again, his voice was thick with emotion.
“I have to get back to Malibu,” Pepper said, and for the first time he realized how tired she sounded. How much business she must have been doing from a waiting room chair. God, she must have hopped on a plane the second she’d heard. “I’m glad you’re okay, and…” a thoughtful expression played out on her face as she looked past Tony. “Give Steve my love.”
, Rhodes are you kidding me?”
“All right fine.” Tony pulled his legs back into bed and leaned back with a huff.
“First thing’s first: Gotta get FRIDAY to interface with the nanotech. After that there’s the independent power issue. Eventually I want to get a neural pathway connection over the plasma channels but for now I think we can just program in some basic functions and focus on the musculature — and I’ve lost you haven’t I?”
“That’s what happens when somebody dials it up to 10, Boss,” FRIDAY said.
Tony winced and reached a hand to the back of his head. There was still a tender spot and a distinct lack of full memory. Rhodey had said something about an explosion and bailing out of the jet. Tony closed his eyes. He remembered wind and a free fall and smashing into something mid-air.
There was a pause in their communication. FRIDAY’s scan noted a shaking that seemed unrelated to the shivering cold. When Steve spoke again, it was with what her analysis registered as rising panic.
Well. That was a bullshit answer if he ever heard one. Tony turned his attention to the bed rail, scouring its composition for signs of a lever, switch or button that would save him from being trapped in bed like some kind of infant and finally settled for brute force, jerking it forwards and backwards until something clicked or broke and brought the rail down flush with the bedside. His watch buzzed and he didn’t need to look at it to know FRIDAY was questioning his next move as he swung his legs over the edge of the bed. The room spun and there might have been a slight churning in his stomach, but he ignored it and set his feet down on the floor.
>>CAP: The save it for Tony. Unless…if something goes wrong…If I don’t make it out of here and he does…will he blame himself?
Tony nodded, but kept silent.
“Okay, 1: Smartass,” Tony pointed at Steve, “and 2: Traitor,” he waved his finger around the room in a general gesture to FRIDAY. “And I’ll have you know, that toaster was burning
“Hey, walk and talk, Doc. We got places to be.”
“Tony?”
“That’s the deal, Tony.”
“You know, I think it might be best if I just sat down over there-” Steve pointed to the couch in the corner, “and observed. I promise to be sufficiently wowed when you tell me to be.”
There was a pause again. A calmer Steve spoke next.
“I mean, hey, if
“Hard not to.”
“Wo-ow,” Steve said, drawing the word out dispassionately from his spot on the couch, one leg stretched out and the other bent enough to balance the sketch pad on his thigh.
“Pepper just went out for coffee…”
“What’s wrong with it?”
The next several screens of data was comprised of scrambled code. Numbers, letters and symbols stared back at him until Tony brought the laptop’s camera close to his face and entered a few keystrokes. A light shined in his eye and when he’d blinked away its effects, the code was unscrambling and reforming into a video player. His hand paused over the space bar as Tony became acutely aware of how little anyone had actually told him about Steve. A part of him worried that watching his potential last words would tempt fate too much.
“We’re done, right?” he asked. Her brow scrunched just a little bit, like it always did when he posed a serious question. “I mean, we are? No more deals. No more promises. No more last ditch efforts or half-drunk bad decisions?”
>>CAP: Good. I’d like to make one. For Tony’s eyes only.
“He’s not…he’s not warming up as fast as the doctors thought he should. And even when he was warm enough to restore a sort of normal heart rhythm…”
White walls. White ceiling. Beige bed rails. All the hallmarks of a hospital. Tony felt around the edges of the bed until he found a square control box and pushed the button to raise his head. Once he was sitting up, he came face to face with a red laptop on the rolling bedside table. A watch was next to it and Post-It was stuck to the screen.
“Am I dead?”
“I want to see Cap. Nobody will tell me anything. FRIDAY won’t even tell me anything. How bad is it, Rhodey?”
Tony rose from his seat and spun Steve off of his stool, giving him just barely enough time to snatch up a sketchbook, pencil and pickle spear as he dragged him to his personal lab.
“It does, doesn’t it? Except-” Tony flipped a switch and the forcefield disappeared. They watched as the suit collapsed into a puddle of metallic dots at the bottom of the container.
>>CAP: Yeah. Yeah I just…I can’t feel my legs. Fingers getting stiff.
>>‘FRIDAY’ AI DISCRETION ACTIVATED
They hadn’t made it far before an alarm rang out.
“Thought you were enjoying the quiet.”
“Hey, Pep?”
“Is that why there’s so much paprika in your pantry?”
“Tony-”
“It was fine.” She took a breath like she was about to speak again when her phone buzzed with a new text. She looked down with a sigh. “I’ve got to take this.” Her hand landed lightly on his shoulder before trailing away.
>>FLIGHT SYSTEMS ACTIVATED
Pepper kept him distracted for almost an hour. At first they didn’t talk, she just took Rhodey’s place in the chair next to the bed and laid a hand over his, rubbing her thumb across his skin like she was desperate to believe he was real.
“You planning to wake up sometime today?” he asked.
It was dark when they got there, except for one cabinet that Tony was actually a little surprised to still find glowing at the edges of its doors.
Steve dropped his hand on Tony’s shoulder and let his slide down across his bicep and his elbow in one motion. Usually being in the suit came with a feeling of disconnect. Like he was fighting from inside a garbage can. But on this suit, FRIDAY adjusted the haptic sensors, and even though Tony had an idea of what to expect, nothing could quite compare to buzz of Steve’s light touch as he continued down Tony’s arm, stopping at his wrist.
“You noticed.”
“Two days ago he integrated me with a toaster,” FRIDAY said.
“Will do.” Steve leaned back into the couch and Tony turned his attention back to his work. And in fact, the next time he glanced that way, he found Steve reclined on the couch, ankles propped up on the far arm, open sketchbook face-down on his chest with a pencil dangling near the floor from one hand as he breathed slowly, fast asleep.
“Hey, you decent - aw crap” Rhodey rushed over got his hands under Tony’s arms and hauled him back into bed. “Where you going, man?”
Steve frowned, raised his hand and swatted at Tony’s shoulder.
“Nah. Gives us some time to enjoy it before it turns into a circus.”
>>ACCESS: HISTORICAL RECORDS ‘CAPTAIN AMERICA’
But apparently this wasn’t most circumstances.
”Knock knock! Where my Avengers at?”
Steve half carried him as portions of the suit dissolved away, falling into the snow. It kept them from spreading their damage, but left him exposed to the elements. He remembered reaching the underside of a giant rock that lipped out, almost like a shallow cave, and collapsing into the snow, still freezing but at least protected from some of the wind.
Steve’s temperature dropped faster than Tony’s. FRIDAY did some digging and deduced that the serum was probably going first, protecting him in a way but also freezing him from the inside out. It was when FRIDAY noticed him clenching his hands and moving his fingers one by one that she spoke.
He turned the page once more and was himself floored.
>>CAP: Oh. Can you…are you able to record a message?
“How you doing?”
“No,” Tony said around a smile.
“Want some company?”
Captain America got lonely sometimes.
“Are you sure?”
>>WARNING: NANOTECH INTEGRITY FAILING
“Uh huh. My eyes would tend to disagree with that.”
She filled him in on the world news while he’d been out of it, scores for sports he didn’t know she followed and enough company gossip from Happy that Tony’s head was spinning — at least in a good way this time — by the time she was done.
“Yeah, but the thing about quiet is it gets a little lonely-”
There was a lot they couldn’t tell him, though. They knew how it started and they knew how it ended — Avengers old and new coming together and then spreading out to find them huddled together in snow and ice, Steve’s body curled around his, clad in socks and the jeans and T-shirt he’d been wearing before pulling his uniform on over them and racing to the jet. He’d given the rest to Tony, and if he closed his eyes and concentrated he could almost remember what it had felt like to be maneuvered into the clothes, Steve’s residual body heat warming him like a furnace. But every time he tried to dig deeper into his memory for something more concrete, he hit a wall.
It was on the third tap that he felt a finger twitch beneath his.
“And yet, here I am.” He reached back and tapped Rhodey’s hand before motioning forward. To his surprise, Rhodey barely slowed.
“I didn’t feel a thing!” Tony crowed as Steve’s semi-worried expression broke into a grin. “Come on, let’s get down to the hangar and test the flight capabilities.”
“How’s Steve doing?” he asked when the doctor’s questions ran dry.
“Wow. Looks pretty done to me.”
“B.A.R.F.’s coming along — we really need a new name by the way. Stocks are up 40 percent since they found you.”
HONESTLY THE NETWORK HERE COULD USE AN UPGRADE
“Hey, FRI,” he said softly. The digital watch face dissipated and reformed into words.”
Steve squinted up at him. “Am I dreaming?”
>>FRIDAY: Yes, this suit has the capability for a short video.
“What is that?” Steve asked.
“It’s like…”
Steve motioned Tony forward, and as soon as he was within reaching distance, Steve grabbed his shirt in a fist and pulled him close, planting a kiss directly on his lips. Open mouth. With some tongue. Enough to leave Tony breathless as his grip relaxed and Steve pulled away, a mild flush to his cheeks.
“That,” Tony said as he flung open the doors, “is the Mark-I’ve-Lost-Count.” An Iron Man suit — mostly red with gold accents at the torso, joints and thighs stared back at them from behind a shimmering forcefield of pinks and blues.
>>FRIDAY: Captain?
“And was it worth it?”
“Guess I better get down to the lab,” Tony finally said, brushing some crumbs off his shirt.
“Alright, sexy.” Tony giggles and Steve swears it is the most adorable sound in the world. He would give anything to let Tony laugh so carefreely like that every day, being drunk on pure happiness. “But I am going to make a 8:30 reservation, because you are getting me all hot and bothered right now and I am totally taking off all your clothes the second you are back.”
“Rogers, you better not pull some stupid shit tomorrow, you hear me? Iron Man doesn’t need protection.” Tony grasps Steve’s collar and stares up intensely at him, eyes wide and red staining with tears. “Don’t you dare doing some dumb self-sacrificing act for me, I swear I am going to haunt you forever if that happens.”
Tony doesn’t know how he can stop having panic attacks. The shield is taking too long to be made. Cap can’t go without his shield for this long.
The next morning, he thinks, there will be an empty chair. But when he wakes, Steve is right there, head tilting to one side, snoring softly. He stayed the whole night.
Pain has became an universal language in this post apocalyptic world. There isn’t one person standing here who hasn’t lost someone dear to them in the decimation. His mind is loud, constantly, and all he wants to do is to put on his suit and blast off into the sky, into space. He wants to find the mad titan, and he would squeeze the last bit of air from his lungs with his own hands. How dare he. How dare he do this. How dare he take away the kid. Tears sometimes fill his eyes for no apparent reason at all, but he hides them from the rest of the crew. He puts on a brave face, because he is Iron man.
Thanos.
“Shut up. Shut up about that because it’s not going to happen, you big idiot.” Tony kisses Steve hard on the mouth to stop him from saying the rest of the sentence. He doesn’t want to admit that is one of his deepest fears, to lose Steve in tomorrow’s battle. Because of everything that happened since he came back from space, he doesn’t think he would want a future without Steve, either. “Both of us are staying alive. You can’t die on me, Rogers. We are going to fix the world and then……then we can talk about all our unsolved issues.” He lets out a shaky sigh, lips curving into an uncertain smile. “I haven’t……told you I have forgiven you yet. So you better stay alive, so you can hear it from me, got it? This isn’t over yet. I want you to take me on a date, and I want a whole apology dinner from you. I am talking about homemade dinner Rogers, you owe me that much after making me wait for two years.”
When it comes to the press conference, yes, Steve is confident and is equipped with plenty of leadership experience by now, but he has to say this is hardly his arena. He feels like he can be of the most use in the debriefing room, going over strategies and battle tactics, and the press conference is anything but that. The event is held mainly for the purpose of sending off the team’s leaders, Iron Man and Captain America, and inquiring their future endeavors. Steve isn’t a fan of being in the spotlight at all. It is indisputable that Tony is a natural at this, although it is mostly due to the fact that he is born as the heir to Stark Industries and had no choice but to adopt this public persona in order to survive in this competitive field.
It’s a painting. A painting of Iron Man and Captain America fighting side by side. Steve painted this during his time as an international war criminal as a coping mechanism for his breakup with Tony. He really wasn’t doing well after Siberia. He felt so much regret for hurting Tony and leaving him alone in the cold, but he knew Tony wasn’t ready to have him back in his life. So he started this painting in his free time when he wasn’t busy punching remaining members of Hydra. He drew the outlines of Iron Man and Captain America thinking about what he would say to Tony if he would ever talk to him again. He sketched their expressions reminiscing how good it felt to have Tony by his side. He painted the colors of their suit wishing he could hold Tony in his arms one more time. He channeled all his love for Tony into this one painting, and mailed it to him a few months after Siberia. He didn’t get an answer from Tony at all, and he dejectedly thought the painting must have ended up in the dumpster. It wasn’t until when he returned to the compound and went inside Tony’s bedroom room (once, their shared room) that he saw the painting hung up on the wall. That was during the time when Tony was still floating somewhere in space, barely surviving on minimal food and water. Steve had thought Tony died in the decimation, and he burst into tears upon seeing his art on Tony’s wall.
“I know I hurt you deeply, and there is probably nothing I can do to make it up to you. I just want to tell you how sorry I am. And that I never meant for this to be me choosing Bucky over you……there isn’t a day when I didn’t think about you after I left. I thought about you, about us, about our relationship all the time.” Steve gazes into his eyes and there are no lies, Tony knows it better than anyone. He feels like he can almost hear his own heart hammering painfully in his chest. “I don’t deserve to ask for your forgiveness now, it won’t be right to put this on you. You mean the world to me, Tony, and that will never change. Losing you was one of the worst things I endured. I felt like I lost part of myself when I walked away.”
B-Because then he will get hurt.
This can’t be. This can’t be. He frantically searches for the familiar figure in his workshop, the last bit of hope he holds disintegrating rapidly. He feels like he might collapse within himself, like a star imploding on itself. A black hole in the making.
Thank you for everyone who read this fic!! I am sure endgame is going to make me cry so here is some fluff to act as buffer before the movie comes out. This is my first time writing mcu/stevetony and I am sure it won't be the last, I already have ideas on something more angsty for my next piece. I had a lot of fun writing this and I hope you enjoyed it too! If anyone wants to talk about stevetony, you can find me on twitter @liza_mcu!
Steve is……
He is cold. So cold. It’s so dark in here. Is this what being dead feels like? This isn’t as bad as he’d imagined, but still far from pleasant.
Tha……
“You mean, the engagement?”
He doesn’t realize his face is wet until the Peter pats his back gently. He rubs the tears dry hastily.
“And I am going to get even more hate mail from your jealous fans.” Tony jokes with mocked melancholy. Steve scrunches his nose unhappily, which is totally adorable in his eyes.
“Tony.” Steve’s expression is pained and troubled, and Tony wants to wipe that look off his face. He doesn’t want Steve to remember him as a useless, crying mess. “I have those dreams too.” Steve says and Tony feels like his heart is put on pause. The blond sits down on end of his bed, careful to give him enough space. “You can talk to me, I mean, only if you want to.” He adds hastily, suddenly looking out of place again. Anxious.
“Tony.” She sits down next to his bed. Her voice is softer than he remembers.
“Thanks, Steve……”
did that. Do you think we could have done it without genuinely trusting each other completely?"
The voice tells him.
Tomorrow is the big day. Tomorrow, they will lead the attack on Thanos and retrieve the infinity stones. Every avengers have worked tirelessly towards this goal.
“Rhodes.” Tony raises his hand to give Rhodey a light squeeze. “Thank you, for not giving up on me.” He chokes up a little. He thought he was all alone in space, but his friends didn’t give up on searching for him. Never even once.
is still worth it.
He just wants his fiance back.
At night, Steve comes in his room and he stays on that chair, most times for the entire night. After Steve’s third visit to show Tony his dedication to the cause, Tony got a nice comfy couch set up in his room. Steve stares in surprise when he sees the couch. “Thank you,” he says, to which Tony replies “I didn’t get it just for you.” He doesn’t want Steve to see him wanting to smile, so he turns towards the wall and buries his face onto the pillow. He hears Steve chuckling softly behind him, setting down the cup of chamomile tea he made for Tony with a click on the nightstand. When Steve reaches out to gently stroke his hair, Tony no longer feels like flinching away. The touch feels like home again.
He can never stop thinking about what an incredible person Tony is. He is so many things at once, and each of these unique qualities complement each other so spectacularly. He is intelligent, far more intelligent than Steve can ever comprehend. He is hardworking; Steve has never seen anyone worked harder than Tony when he is in his workshop, perfecting whatever project he has on his list. He is kind. Beneath all that sarcasm and ego, Steve knows Tony isn’t as narcissistic as he makes himself out to be. He knows Tony is more than capable of observing his own flaws. Heck, Tony is probably the biggest critic of himself, and that says a lot considering he is among one of the most famous and controversial people on the planet.
and there was really no doubt in his heart at all. And Steve always trusted his heart.
“I know, Steve.” Natasha’s gaze shifted to the side. She was visibly upset as well, but she was trying to hide it. “None of us want to lose him.” She was trying to hide the gravity of the possibility; the thought of losing Tony Stark was unfathomable to all of them.
“Steve……? What happened……”
“Don’t sweat about it, sweetie pie, I am used to that by now.” Tony gives him another kiss. “Though I am very touched by the fact that you are willing to hold your second press conference to defend me.”
Steve smiles at him sadly. He can tell Steve wants to say more, but Tony can’t think about much of anything right now. He is so tired, and tomorrow, he has more fixing to do on Rhodey’s suit. He has to do everything he can to protect everyone. He won’t let anyone die on his watch again.
“Trial 39, fail.”
His feelings for Tony never changed, not when he was certain that Tony had hated him and will never look at him in the eye again. Even then, his love remained true.
almost died! You might have super strength and all but he threw a moon at you! Why didn’t you run you idiot!” Tony sneered, then got a hold of himself and looked at Steve in confusion. “Wait. What are we even fighting about again?”
“Oh Tony, thank god you are alive……I was so worried……I thought we lost you……” She cries onto his shoulder. He can tell she is trying her best to control her sobs, but she is far too relieved to guard her emotions for any longer.
She gives him a small smile. “It’s all in the past now.” She pauses. “Steve has been trying to find the chance to talk to you.”
There was a time when all Tony could think about was how hurt he was. He wanted to pull on Steve’s collar and scream and ask how could he hide his parents’ death from him. He wanted an apology, he wanted to hear Steve say that he was wrong and Tony was right, he wanted Steve to admit to the betrayal. He wanted Steve to come back to the home he created for them and tell him that they can work through this, because he wanted to hear Steve say their relationship is worth it, that
"I am sorry about the……question they asked about us." Tony can feel how tense Steve is getting while thinking about what happened today. He rubs his back gently. He knows that question bothered Steve. "Don't be. We talked a lot about this when we reunited, right? I really do mean it when I say I forgive you, Steve. It's not like I was perfect or anything. I made bad decisions too. And we are together now." He kisses the tip of Steve's nose. "We defeated the most powerful being ever.
So he notices. The taller man always seems to be in Tony’s proximity, but is hesitant to spend time alone with him.
A coward. That’s what he is. It’s been days since Tony has been rescued and just about everyone had their alone time with him. Everyone except Steve Rogers, the one who owes him the most. He knows he needs to talk to Tony. He also knows Tony is expecting him. He can feel the gaze on him whenever he is in the room with him. After all that happened, the last thing he should do is make Tony wait any longer. But everytime he approaches him, his resolve immediately start to crumble under those brown eyes. It’s not like he doesn’t know what to say to Tony, but he is not ready to be shut off by Tony if it goes wrong. To be rejected, to be watched with eyes devoid of warm emotions that were once there. It would be too much, even though he knows he deserves it.
He wants to snap, but remembers his vow to be kind. “I am fine.” He says quietly, ostensibly lying. He just can’t stand to show Rogers more of his vulnerability right now.
Steve can’t be any happier with that arrangement. “Sounds good, babe.” The remaining words are swallowed by Tony’s feverish kiss.
The first thing Steve sees after opening the door to their bedroom is Tony typing away on his Starkpad, brows furrowed slightly. As soon as Tony sees Steve, his face is immediately covered by a wide grin as he leaps to his feet. “Welcome home, honey muffin.”
Steve chuckles. “It is going to cause a scene.”
He can’t remember the last time he talked to anybody. Ever since the funeral, he hasn't even left his house once.  It is better this way, because he can’t bare to see the cheerful smiles and happy tears on other people’s faces right now. Jealousy is an ugly emotion, but who can blame him? After all, they exchanged Steve’s life for this. Steve’s life for the lives of billions of people on Earth, even more if you are taking the entire universe into consideration. Mathematically, it is a no brainer. According to utilitarianism, there is no doubt they made the right choice.
“It’s so good to have you back, Tones.” The man can’t hide his grin even if he tries. There are tears swimming in his eyes. “When we found your ship, it’s the happiest I have been in months, seriously.”
His arm slips off to the side of his chair as his eyelids drop.
And Tony. Tony is, unsurprisingly, perfecting his new Iron man suit in his workshop. He is also working on upgrading Rhodey’s suit to make sure he is ready for the fight to come. Steve doesn’t feel like he should interrupt.
His personality starts to mellow out, perhaps a side effect of aging, and he watches over the world with more warmth and serenity than he did when Steve first died. This is the future Steve worked so hard to save, so he will embrace it in his absence. His hair starts turning gray and his movements aren’t as swift as they were before. Thankfully, his memory is still sharp. He doesn’t know for how long, so he starts writing a book of the life of Steve Rogers after he wakes up 70 years late. He doesn’t want to forget.
“It’s……it’s fine.” Tony swallows the lump in his throat. Steve learned to help him with his panic attacks after the events of New York. It happened multiple times while they were dating. Tony hated letting Steve see that side of him, but Steve always told him he didn’t mind, he was just glad to be able to help. They haven’t seen each other in two years, and Steve slips right back into old habits without skipping a beat. “Thank you.” He mumbles. Steve didn’t have to do that, but he did. Tried his best to make him feel better.
“I won’t speak on his behalf because you deserve an apology from him directly too. If you would have that.” Natasha continues, “He wouldn’t let you go, when we first found you. Kept on holding you and won’t let anyone else get close.”
this ends up being a little longer than I expected, so one more chapter! Thank you for everyone's kudos and comment <3
It is nearly impossible to not be aware of the attention he gets from Steve.
“No. They can’t do that to you, Tony. I don’t want anyone to write you hate mail.” Steve says gravely with obvious distress. “I will even hold another press conference to get them to stop.”
“Sure, sure, just don’t move him around too much. It should be fine.”
“Tony, I owe you an apology.”
“Initiating process……”
Thanos was gone. Tony spent hours sobbing next to Steve’s cold body. His pulse is gone forever. A woman approached them from a distance. It was Carol.
This is all so ridiculous. They are not together anymore. Tony should say no, for the sake of his own dignity, but he really is exhausted. He can use the sleep. It did used to help, when they were dating. Nothing is the same anymore, but maybe Steve will still have some of the same effect on him.
He warns himself sternly. He doesn’t have the time for this.
“I will always defend you.” Steve smiles. “I would say, go for it with the announcement. I don’t want to hide our relationship anymore.”
anymore.
Then Nat was gone. Whoever were left all went with her. Nat never came back. Nobody did. She lied.Tony was all alone in the tower. Eventually Tony left his room, and he found the workshop.
“How is it going over there, honey bun?”
At the end of the day, Bucky had no choice in the actions he carried out. It was Hydra who turned him into a weapon and he didn’t have the option to say no. Hydra, not James Barnes, murdered his parents. Tony knows it wasn’t his fault, but it is still hard to let go of that pain in his heart. He still hears his mother screaming Howard’s name in his nightmares. More than anything, maybe Tony is even angrier at himself wasting the opportunity to tell his parents he loved them before they were killed in cold blood. “You mean a lot to me too, you know that. But I can’t answer this right now, I know you get it.” He chews on his lip. The wound still hurts, and there is a lot of trauma to work through. After they fix the universe, he swears he will start going to therapy for real this time. Then maybe he can finally want a future instead of dwelling on the past. How ironic it is that he calls himself a futurist. “We will talk about it when we get back, yeah?” He brushes his hand against Steve’s cheek. He can hardly keep that affection from him now. “And for what it is worth, I should also apologize to Barnes. I know it wasn’t……him. He didn’t have anything against my parents. I had enough time to think that one through and I am starting to get it now. But it’s still……hard for me. I am sorry, Steve.”
He loathes the sound of his own voice when he wakes up screaming. It’s too loud, and he doesn’t want the others to find out. But he would see the same scene over and over in front of him, the moment everyone but him and Nebula faded away. His heartbeat won’t calm down, and he can’t stop reaching, into the air, for nothing, just like that day when he tried to save Peter, and he turned into dust in his hands.
He had to make a new shield for Steve.
A heavy silence spreads across the room. Tony is starting to doze off again. He begins pulling the blanket over himself and let Steve excuse himself, but Steve has a suggestion for him.
He cries. Ugly sobs coming out of his mouth, he wraps his hands around his arms, head against his knees, rocking back and forth uncontrollably.
“Damn it, Steve Rogers……” Tony is sure that he is full on sobbing now. He doesn't know what to do, because part of him has always believed that Steve hated him for trying to kill his best friend, that Steve will never look at him with love again, and now Steve is reciting his love for Tony straight from his soul. He pounds on Steve’s chest lightly, clutching onto his t shirt like his life depends on it. “Damn you……this is not fair……you had all this time to think about this and I am……I am not prepared at all.” Steve’s words reminds Tony of the best hot cocoa he has ever tasted in winter, melting into his heart and making him feel warm and full on the inside. It is everything he has always wanted to hear from Steve, every word is saturated with love Steve holds for him.
“I wish you were here, I only agreed to this because we were going to do it together.”
Steve can feel his throat tightening, his heart dangling in mid-air. This is why he doesn’t like dealing with the press. Steve is too direct, and he is sure he would probably end up saying the wrong thing if he gets put on the spot like that. He doesn’t want to put their relationship out in the open, exposed to media scrutiny. There was already a fair amount of that when the incident in Germany broke out and he left with half the Avengers. Now it feels even worse to bring up because he really doesn’t want Tony to be reminded of the horrible fight they had in Siberia.
No matter what happens, at least he still gets this time with Tony.
“I am so sorry, Mr. Stark……” Peter’s voice is barely audible. He is already on the verge of tears. “I am really really sorry about what happened.”
“Yeah? You like me talking about us?”
“Tony!” Pepper is the first one to throw her arms around him. He feels like his heart might burst with joy. Pepper. She is still alive. “Ms. Potts.” He whispers weakly, giving her a poor attempt at a hug.
Steve hesitates. “Of course we will follow through with the plan, getting the stones back is paramount, but if it comes down to choosing between me and you, it’s a no brainer, Tony……”
“Love you too.” Steve watches as the screen fades away when Tony ends the call. He is glad that he got to have this small chat with Tony before he has to answer a bunch of unexpected questions in front of camera flashes and constant chattering. He sighs. How does Tony do it so flawlessly? He always appears so confident, even when he just escaped on his own from months of captivity. He had watched those footage of Tony right after Afghanistan. Back when they first met, Steve had misjudged Tony for some arrogant billionaire who is only pretending to be a hero, but now he knows for a fact Tony cares deeply about the world and has the biggest heart of anyone he knows. He can’t imagine how terrible those few months were for Tony. If Obadiah were still alive, Steve would surely have done something to the man for causing so much harm to Tony.
Steve wonders if he has already missed the window of opportunity to apologize to Tony, because each day they are faced with more pressure and urgency than the previous. Plans are falling into place like puzzle pieces, the biggest operation they have ever carried out since the assembly of the avengers. They will lead the assault on Thanos and retrieve the infinity stones. They have one shot to make everything right again.
Tony would convince himself that Steve is only doing this out of guilt for leaving him, but whenever they make eye contact, Steve smiles at him like he is looking at the most prized treasure on Earth, and that assumption in Tony’s brain starts to waver.
Nothing.
Steve carefully shifted Tony’s weight onto his lap, wrapping his arms around his former lover and bringing him close to his chest. “I am so sorry, Tony.” He said as tears fell into Tony’s hair. For the first time in ages, he finally felt grounded again being able to hear Tony’s steady heartbeat. He was sorry Tony had to deal with things on his own. He was sorry that he was a terrible friend and kept secrets from him. He was sorry that he was an even worse boyfriend and left him in the snowy land of Siberia.
Before he knows it, Tony is already back at his workshop. Great, he has all the tools he need for the project. He will build the strongest shield for Steve, because Captain America deserves the best shield on the planet.
“Do you really not blame me?” Peter whispers in a small voice.
“You should talk to him.” There is something that is left unsaid in her tone. They all know odds are stacked against them for going against the most powerful being in the universe. It may be a one way ticket. Steve wouldn’t want to leave behind any regrets.
