“Affirmative? Shouldn’t have let you watch
“That would be good,” Cas says, his whole face unraveling into a slow smile.
“That’s great!” Dean says as nonchalantly as he can manage. “Me too. A very good time.” He nods, taking another big bite. After a time, again very casually, he says, “Do you happen to, uh. Is there any kind of—you know—"
“I’m ready,” says Cas, and he turns on the engine.
PULL FOCUS, while Dean considers, to Castiel, who is... nervous? Concerned? PULL FOCUS back to Dean.
Yeah. You know somebody?
“The spinning is nice,” Cas shouts into Dean’s face, “but I’m also spinning internally. Multifaceted spinning.” Then he thinks for a second, eyes floating up towards the ceiling. “I love this song too,” he says decisively.
“I love you,” he says, touching his forehead to Cas’s. It’s almost physically painful to say, but he knows he means it once it’s out of his mouth. It’s been a long time since he last said it to anyone and it was a long time before that too. But there’s no point, he realizes, in not saying it now. The Empty isn’t coming back to snatch Cas for being happy. He knows Cas loves him, and Cas knows that Dean feels—he knows that Dean
“So,” Dean says, plopping down in a big, puffy leather chair. “What else?”
“First of all, it was obvious the whole time,” she says. “So, second, no. Sam didn’t tell me. But you’re living together, and there’s only one bedroom, and you look at each other like
Close-up on Kara's engagement ring, an absolutely massive rock.
At that moment, a waitress walks by, turns her head, raises her eyebrows. Dean wants to sink into the ground. Wouldn’t be the first time.
Castiel’s gut instinct told him this was all wrong, and it had never led him astray before. So, he followed until he could come up with a plan.
“How?” Dean exclaimed in astonishment.
Castiel found the perfect suit for him and Sam to wear. The owner would not hear of them trying and buying, but measured both and promised he would have everything fixed by early the next morning. Castiel had told the older man he may not be around for a while going off to fight a war. Castiel spoke the truth, but the older man told him not to say another word and gave them a significant discount. Castiel was going to refuse, but Sam shook his head. This was about saving the world after all.
The angel behind the counter had red hair and frowned at John telling im to wait. The angel walks over to an array of doors on their far-right. The angel comes back five minutes later with another female angel. This angel has short brown hair and smiles at Dean, not glancing at his dad, which Dean finds strange.
Castiel rests his forehead against Deans. “Hush sweetheart, I have you. I will take care of you. Your mine, all mine.”
Dean opened the front door and kept behind the salt line. He saw a man with a clean-shaven face wearing a grey suit and a baby blue dress shirt. His hair was thinning on top and was brown. He was neither tall nor short and would get lost in a crowd there was nothing special about him. His eyes flicked black, and Dean knew who he was, Alastair Rook, the demon who ran with his dad.
“Pam, inform me when he’s awake I need to talk to him, but only when he’s stronger. I need to advise Michael. Adam needs putting under scrutiny until we get both Charlie and Dean’s side of the story.”
“Oh, yeah.” Dean laughed.
“See you soon, boy, be good,” Bobby told him.
The common area was now a command centre, with maps of hell and other essential places like the best entrance on earth to enter the hell gates. They had a flotilla of angels that would take them to any destination they wished at short notice.
The man watched as Dean went inside, and his eyes flashed blue as he mended the gutterings with one thought. Fixing the ladder and putting it away in the shed. Keeping the boy safe was not against any rules after all.
“Father, I did not know you were planning to come. Michael is taking the service.” Castiel told Chuck not one bit intimidated by his dad.
“What on earth are you doing, Dean? I will have the commander after me.” Harry pushes Dean hard, falling he hits his head on a table.
Castiel gave them a lopsided grin, going slightly red in the face. “I understand that. But I feel for this special occasion; I want to try something different. I’m sure Sam and I can find something pleasing for Dean to stare at.”
mumbled Dean wished he could have listened into it. Mind you, I have Cas, so he should not protest.
“Okay, that’s weird.” Charlie chirped, searching around her.
“That’s fine, ma’am. I will wait until Harry gets here.”
Dean gets back from helping Cal and bumps into his tormentors. Are Adam and Charlie hiding something from him? Dean sees them talk to an angel he's seen talking to his tormentors.
A sudden notion struck the boy. No one inquired where he was. It was normal for him to come back to his room for a couple of hours. So, he could sneak out and perform some jobs around the town, and no one would have an inkling. Dean had a bank account that his uncle had set up for him. It had little in it, but he could build it up.
“I-I had been protected all my life. Told extraordinary tales about the stars, that I was special. Gabriel took care of me. They brought me up with love and a sense of family, belonging. Mertha told me recently that other angels learnt from me. That they saw how I loved, how I conducted myself.”
“Hello, who are you?” The angel asks Dean. The younger boy find’s tears appeared in his eyes no one has been friendly to him not since his mom died and that was a long time ago. Even before he became an Omega, his dad did not treat him well.
There was dialogue inserted in the wood: it was Aramaic, the language of Jesus. They were armchairs, some high back, others leather, all overstuffed. A fireplace sat in the middle, with large candles arranged around it.
“They all love you, Dean, we all do. Now I’m going to get Cas. Tell him, ok.”
“Did Dean pass through here Jace?”
“You underestimate my brother, Kevin. Cassie could kick my ass. The only archangel that could cause him any harm would be Lucifer.”
Castiel stood and raced over to Dean, who had slid down onto the floor. It freed Charlie from her iron prison.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Of course, brother, we would not have this any other way,” Hannah told the older angel.
“Omegas grab your salt bottles this thing hates it. Makes it scream.” Charlie beamed excitedly now she could surely help.
“I think the commander just wanted us to be safe, Dean.” the redhead told her friend, thinking it was sweet.
“When was the last time you ate Dean?” the doctor asked, eyes full of concern.
“Keep that thingy safe.” bellowed Bobby, loading his gun with more salt.
“I was watching you. If you come again, borrow my ladder. I’m next door. You can’t miss it, the one with the angel statue in the garden.”
Adam played with his salad and sighed. “I have to go with Michael to this dance. It’s this weekend.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel spotted Lucifer hanging back. “Brother, come and meet Dean. Dean, this is Lucifer, my big brother.”
“No, true,” Gabriel said, thinking hard about their predicament.
“Oh my gosh, we can have so much fun, Dean. We will get Kedi and Maze to join us. Will they be guards because it will piss the commander off?” Kate giggled.
Next came weapons training, but he did this alone. Dean was fit from the jobs he had been doing, and the weights he lifted. They instructed him in hand to hand and defence,”
The night was descending, and snow had fallen when Castiel found Dean. He sat beside him at the crater, the lights in the distance of Flagstaff. Castiel took his jumper off and placed it on Dean’s shoulders.
Omegas: Orange
Creamy Rice pudding with hot Cherry sauce-Denmark.
Suddenly the table and chairs smashed against the east wall, and Castiel stumbled forward. He landed with a thump onto the marble floor. Mallory grabbed his hair and kicked him in the stomach.
Dean went into the library. Adam had given him the black box so he could turn off the cameras. Going to the back of the stacks, Dean found a book about angel bonds. Taking it, he sat on the steps and read it.
Castiel knocked the metal chair aside like it was not magically reinforced to the ground and hammered in with silver nails. His strength was so magnificently powerful. “I told you if you touched Dean again, there would be consequences.”
“Like I’d have that much power,” he grunted, and the angel gave him a funny expression.
“Mertha, we’re sorry.” Dean rambled, trying to stand up, but slipped in ice-cream and landed on his bottom.
Mertha had made them burgers and fries, and they had pie and ice cream for afters. It made up for the pain in his head, and the poor conduct by his mate. Castiel always seemed to put his job before him. Dean did not understand if this was what the test was all about. Leaving all that you know and saving the one person you loved. Could Castiel do that? The angel had been alive for so long and only had Dean for seconds compared to that. Dean prayed and had ample measures of love for his angel.
“They have taken away Joel and Raziel from the agency that’s all I can inform you for now. We will not tolerate their behaviour. I need to inform you that you have gained level three.”
Dean moves to the nest. They go and see Sam and Bobby and Dean finds out some interesting information about omegas.
“Yeah, Anna informed me. Can I ask you something Cas?” Dean asked in a cautious tone.
“Hey, we’re not far away Anna promised we could visit. I can text, email.”
Dean trudged along the highway out of town and grabbed a lift from an old lady. She had dark skin and a no-nonsense attitude.
“Dare.” giggled Dean.
“Boy, so glad to have you back.” Bobby sounded affected as well, and Dean glanced up at his uncle.
“This is Dean, Mertha, he’s on a restricted diet by Pam, but he’s not positive what he can eat.”
“Cas no. Please take me.” Pleaded Dean, trying to break free.
“Keep this bond, for it will bind you both together for eternity.” Michael declared.
Charlie nodded, agreeing with that assessment. Glad her friend was okay and wanting the gossip, knowing it would be good.
Dean opened the door with blurry eyes. His hair mussed from sleep, scratching his belly. His sleepy green eyes were going wide when he saw Castiel stood on the other side.
“Yes, commander, I await your arrival.”
Dean found his marvel socks and then his dress shoes. If Castiel could get away with it, so could he. Grabbing the ring, he placed it into his dress pants pocket.  He shivered, and his breathing grew quicker. Suddenly he felt a warm sensation flood through his body and immediately felt calmer.
“Cas, why did you get jealous? I only have eyes for you.” Dean stroked his fingers over the angel’s jawline.
“Hey, come on. It’s only until your angel side comes out. I’m just looking out for you, love.”
“So Ravenclaw?”
“That angel spoils you.” Castiel tutted.
It puzzled the omega why Adam was protecting him. Charlie looked over at the boy, and something in her eyes became determined. “Leave Adam alone and don’t dare touch me again.”
“I will.”
XxXxXx
“I know brother, but I truly did not want to drag anyone else into my mess.” the angel cried, hiding his face in his hands.
“No, I’m staying here.” then Dean rushes through the doors and gets in the elevator.
“Yeah, they're in my bag.” Dean felt confused.
Crowley grinned, looking like a predator ready to pounce on its prey. “Nothing, love. Though I can’t take you to Bobby’s,”
Phil-Meaning can be love, but can also mean end the meaning I'm going for the end.
Castiel and Dean sat on opposite ends of the brown couch, in Anna and Charlie’s living room. The cuckoo clock ticked impatiently, expecting to chime in celebration of these two lovers. Castiel cleared his throat and studied Dean, who was nervously playing with an ironman plush.
Dean went upstairs; he reprogrammed his key card he could pop into Adam’s room undetected. The room was larger and had a fitness area, but that was the sole difference. The omega grabbed some weights they would have to do for now. Pushing the weights to the back of a chair so that no one could find them. The omega grabbed a shower and sat and read for a while.
“Okay, let’s take you to your session, with Ruth. Your chariot awaits.”
“Castiel, what’s going on?” Mertha cried out to her brother in such utter distress.
“What! How would you know all that?” the redhead hissed, scared now about the way Dean was acting.
They all marched down the corridor, all on full alert now, to anything the demons could or would throw at them.
They strode to the threshold of the large hall and came to an array of passageways; they take the middle one. It has a dark green carpet with rich green walls. The pictures on the walls have angels on horseback, some strolling with riders on their back, and some jumping over hedges, Dean like’s them. The angel’s wings looked like they flow in the breeze. It reminds him of the pictures that became alive in Harry Potter.
The two angels parted ways. Knowing this drama was not over yet.
Castiel raised the boy’s chin so he could glance into his eyes. He had a scathing remark on the tip of his tongue but stopped in time. ‘
“Why? What does it do?” questioned the younger boy, who now held it in his hands.
“Stay their Cas will find you,” Charlie told her friend, struggling to identify his location.
“Well, are you ready, my love?” Castiel asked again of his young lover.
Ten minutes had passed, and the entrance area was empty. Castiel stood, seeking his mate’s scent. Dean was far too young, but he faintly picked it up. They had not even mated. The older angel took scant notice of that, and his eyes landed on a garbage bin near the entrance. He stalked over to it and ripped off the lid, finding Dean’s lanyard.
Putting underwear on and aftershave behind his ears, he glanced at the time it was just after seven. He slipped old sweats and a hoodie on and grabbed some shoes. Getting his pass, he waited for the elevator. Going down to the common area, a few people were milling about at that hour.
“Yes, honey, we would not leave you vulnerable. Do not worry.” Mertha smiled at the young omega.
“No, don’t you will hurt yourself?” Castiel tuts, reaching out and tenderly rubbing Deans jaw.
Dean closed his eyes. He held his fists tight and tried to calm his breathing down. “Castiel could not tell me himself?”
Castiel’s lips twitched at his brother’s drop of his title. But he did not reprimand him. “Go, get them seen to.”
“Cas now you’re rambling.”
Castiel got the location, and he stood there, in the dank, dark alleyway, was dripping with filth and ungodliness.
“With my life.”
Again, the carpet was a vibrant burnt orange, and there were faint lights on the bedside table alongside an alarm clock. A walk-in closet had ample space for new clothes he wanted to examine later. But he became fatigued and the comfy bed, with its warm covers, looked tempting. Setting his water down, he went to peek in the last room.
“I expected you would have been dead by now, someone as incompetent as you. Just plain luck.” John cackles like the manic madman he is, finding everything he says hilarious.
Chuck rolled his eyes. “Dean, tell your alpha to stand down, and I promise I will tell you everything.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I love my brother and my uncle, but I have loved no one like I do my angel. You’re asking me to break my world apart.” tears slip out of Dean’s eyes, not holding back because this was breaking his heart. “he will never forgive me.”
“Known in folk law and mythology as Will-o'-the-wisp.”
Castiel must have realised that his mate was asking a genuine question and meant nothing by it. “You can ask me, anything love.”
“We won’t be needing those now, will we? My names Mallory, you will address me with my name.”
Castiel growled, his eyes were flashing red. “I won’t let him get hurt. It’s about time I became a proper mate to him. Please do not inform him; he has enough on his plate with exams coming up and the recent incident.”
“I’m up for that.”
There was a thundering noise that screeched and scraped, and the outlying circle of the moon and stars shifted and clicked into the west wall. The other handprint slipped up and slotted into position. Castiel held out his hand for his mate, and they stepped over to the stone.
“No, you’re right, let’s retrace my steps.”
“You scented him, but Cassie, that’s-“
“What’re ya doing, baby? You’re a weak, foolish human.”
Castiel smirked, his lips thinned, his long fingers gracefully holding John tight. Bringing him slowly down, placing his other hand over Johns’ head. Castiel’s halos sang out, the music so loud it rocked the cave walls, his feet planted firmly on the ground. Castiel could see and hear Johns screams, the monster’s ears bled. The wrath of an angel smiting and by Chuck this thing he held in his holy hands was evil, he felt it in every core of his body.
Before the younger boy could leave, Mertha folded her arms around him. Dean went tense. Only mates hugged or if they were close friends or family and with permission.
Dean rolled his eyes again. “That’s fine, dude.”
“Dean, I’m ready. Tula’s in place, she can’t wait.”
Charlie jumps on the angel and smothers her with a kiss. “Get off.” Anna giggles. “I will pick you up, and we can get Dean. See you later, Dean be good.”
“We better be getting back to the nest, Dean,” Castiel told his mate.
Charlie just shrugged and remained quiet.“It’s okay Char, I won’t ask, not fair on you,” Dean told his friend.
Chuck glanced at the boy intensely, trying to convey the important message he was trying to deliver. God hoped that one day Dean would believe in himself as they did in him.
“Yes, join us, and we can offer you the world. One kiss will be all it takes.” the demons looked at each other and chortled.
Dean shrugged, sipping his warm drink. “She seems to be okay to me.” Dean glanced over at the calendar by the door and realised it was January the second. Just after New Year in the human world. No wonder people had not been around. He had met some lovely people on his journey. Someone was looking out for him, he was sure of it.
Dean finished his cookies and his drink and dozed. Gentle hands shook him sometime later.
Mertha came over carrying a tray full of pancakes, bacon, and eggs for the omegas.
“That’s why you want to see your uncle? I get that, but why Hades?” grinned Adam, coming up with a name for Crowley.
Dean yawned again but smiled lazily at his new friend. “Fine, Charlie.”
“That’s a conundrum. If you’re feeling Castiel then- I don’t know Dean, but it’s bigger than we can comprehend. Have you ever pondered the higher-ups are stopping him coming to you? It was like when you were in the hospital. Anna kept repeating she would let nothing get in the way if it was me in that bed. I don’t believe Castiel would leave you; I saw how much he cared for you when you ran away.”
After breakfast Dean opened his presents with childlike delight. “I’ve never had birthday presents before.” He remarked.
Gabriel winks and fly’s off. Michael sits back and rubs his head, trying to calm himself down. Not wanting his mood to upset his mate.
“I have no clue but, I’m keeping an eye on that. We spoke to the bank, just in case. It was a mistake, but it’s not.”
With Charlie and Adam had gone for the weekend, Dean was lonesome, so he sneaked out. The bullies were throwing food in the canteen, and Mertha was giving them a telling off. Getting outside was easy, and he continued to his spot and changed. He was just a sixteen-year-old boy doing odd jobs for pocket money, after all. The weather was turning cooler, and winter would speedily be there.
“Bring me the evidence, Gabriel. I will deal with them, I promise you.”
Dean moved but was pulled gently; stormy blue eyes sought him out. “Kedi is your leader; he will look after you. Be safe my love until we meet again.” Castiel stroked Dean’s face tenderly and caressed his lips with his own. “I love you, sweet boy.” Castiel pressed these words into his mate’s skin so it would imprint them for his journey.
Cas comes back in, back in the oven mitts, carrying another pan. It smells delicious. It’s pie.
Nick waves him off and he turns around just in time to hear Safiya rattling off facts about her favorite true crime podcast.
Back at home, Cas spends the whole afternoon meticulously researching nearly every restaurant in Lawrence. It occurs to Dean that Cas has never even been to a restaurant that’s not a diner, a bar, or a fast food place; then again, when he asks what Dean’s favorite restaurant in town is, Dean comes up short. It’s not like John ever took him out to eat when he was a kid. And even when he was back over the past year, he wasn’t going out to eat—just ate whatever Sam cooked, sometimes ordered a pizza if he was feeling decadent. There’s one fancy place he used to take dates (he never went on a second date, so no worries about repeats) but he’s pretty sure it’s shut down now. So he has zero recommendations. He’s not even sure why he suggested going out to eat. Probably because their kitchen is effectively useless, since the oven needs to be replaced, and he doesn’t want to impose on Sam again, and when he thinks about sitting across a table from Cas in a place that’s not a perma-lit diner his heart skips a little—but practically, it’s a different story.
“I liked the Ford truck,” Cas says, and Dean can hear the thoughtful frown in his voice despite having his face buried in Cas’s neck. “To be fair, I didn’t really have a choice about leaving that one behind, because I died.”
“Yeah, but you’re not an angel anymore. You still got that shit on lock?”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Cas says. He’s completely serious. Dean snickers into the pillow. Then there’s a long silence as Dean fades in and out of wakefulness.
“Guess you’re right.” Dean sighs again. “So what’s coming between us now?”
I suppose you haven't changed your mind.
Obviously there’s a decision to be made here: He can let it go, move on—or he can press.
“I’m starving,” says Dean.
Wow. You really are in love.
“I get it,” says Dean, though that has to be everybody, right? Not like he hasn’t wondered about Jody and Donna on occasion. And shit, okay, there’s Jesse and Cesar too, but he doesn’t talk to them very often. And—fuck. “Fine. Point made.”
Dean pulls away, goes to turn on the shower. “Not really, no.” They’re both quiet for a few moments. Then Dean says, “I just don’t really know what I’d say.”
“I can think of at least three uses for you right now, if you were up for it,” he says without thinking, then he realizes maybe he shouldn’t be fucking around, so he tightens his arm around Cas’s shoulders and says, “Look. You’re not useless. And it wouldn’t matter if you were, okay? You’re you.”
“Yes, Dean,” Cas says, rolling his eyes. “I’ve got it.”
The moment the shot rings out Dean is already face-down on the ground. His vision starts to go blurry but he hears her say, “Is that all you’ve got?” Dean sees it all in his mind’s eye like he’s watching it, though he can’t quite raise his gaze above the grass. Without saying anything, Dean knows, Cas is pulling the angel blade out of his sleeve, stabbing her in the chest. He hears the thump of her body hitting the ground. Cas is on his knees next to Dean.
When Cas comes out of the bathroom, clothed but hair still wet, Dean says, “Stopping by Sam’s this weekend.”
(to Marjorie)
“Not… not really,” Cas says. Dean gets the sense that he’s still not saying everything he wants to say. “I could just tell.”
You don't seem very happy about it.
welcome to esfwo where nothing ever happens and the points don't matter <3 intended for this chapter to be twice as long (i keep promising you people Jack Stuff) but figured i should go ahead and post since it's been uhhhh a while lmao
All I'm saying is I'm not trying to subject you guys to my... sexual history. Look, I'm doing you both a favor.
, you were just… mean to him. You were cruel. And then somehow he still loved you. Which he told you. And then you pretended not to care for months and months while you were apparently secretly praying to get him back every night.”
Dean is quiet. He’s never thought about it like that before.
“I would support you no matter what you wanted,” Cas says with such Cas-like intensity that Dean has no choice to believe it.
I guess, yeah.
It seems like you think you can do whatever you want, treat people however you want.
“Yes,” says Cas, “well, I hope I don’t have to put too much effort into the lying. It seemed like the parts that resonated most were from my genuine experience.”
“Should we be more moderate in our sexual behavior?” he says thoughtfully. “Are we moving too quickly?”
“You do keep me alive. Every day.” He leans in close enough to rest his forehead against Cas’s. “You know I’m trying to do the same for you, right?”
“Welcome home,” says Dean.
with Cas?” Everything Sam repeats back looks like a knife to his chest. Dean regrets telling him. Regrets not telling him earlier. “Is he even an angel anymore? Can he protect himself?”
So then he’s on the road, praying to Cas when he can: in the car, in the hotel rooms, at the gas station, at churches when he comes across them at the right time. He tells Cas about the monsters he fights, about what he has for dinner, about Sam’s phone calls.
“You didn’t know that for sure,” Dean says, troubled by the length of Sam’s list. “And anyway, I’ve been thinking, and either way, I don’t really care.” Sam scrutinizes his face. Dean shrugs and continues. “Like, yeah, maybe I could die any minute. But you know what? I’m not dead. I’m alive. And I’m about to start living like it.”
“He doesn’t need to tell you everything he does, Dean.” He says it like he’s speaking to a child. “He’s not, like, under your lock and key. He doesn’t need your permission to go to the hardware store.”
“Then I will make that happen. I’ll give it to you. Anything, Dean. It isn’t over.”
“Sure you are!” says Sam. “Look, half the people who already have these jobs aren’t qualified for them. You’ll be fine. If you’d rather look in another field, though, we can do that.”
“Few weeks,” says Dean. “Been hunting.”
“Nobody said you had to.” Sam purses his lips thoughtfully. “Cas doesn’t even have a last name. I mean legally, technically, but—”
Bridget swivels around and gives Ren a solid look of
“Couldn’t tell you,” says Cas, attempting to look grave and failing. “It’s a secret.”
“Let’s eat,” says Dean, already reaching to scoop out a piece.
“Pretty slow day. We don’t need to head out until this afternoon. Next up—” Dean checks his notepad on the table. “Gambier, Ohio. Looks like we might have a djinn on our hands.”
(impatient)
Kind of. But evil. Basically, if you cast this spell on someone, they start telling the truth compulsively. And then the person who loves them most -
(nodding to a man in the other room)
What do you mean?
As Cas moves closer, Dean turns around and heads towards the nearest chair. It’s not that he doesn’t want to be near Cas. He does. But he doesn’t know what any of this means—if Cas is back for good, if he’s okay, what he remembers. If he heard Dean’s prayers. Dean feels sick. He puts the machete on the ground and his face in his hands.
“Yeah,” Dean says, and they just look at each other for a moment. Cas wants him to be happy too, he realizes. They just want each other to be happy. That’s all they’ve ever wanted. Then he remembers what Cas said about the doctor dream. “You never talk about your dreams,” he says. “They gettin’ any better?”
BACK AT IT, BABY...... went into a fugue state to study for comps but i passed earlier this week so here i am! i can't promise a posting schedule since the semester has started again but i'm having a great time writing and there's WAY more of this left in my brain so we'll figure it out lmao
“I heard your prayers, Dean.”
“Nah,” Dean says, then immediately regrets it. She shrugs, setting the bowl down back onto the hallway table.
“It’s interesting to think about,” says Cas. “I’ve never had sex with the same person twice.”
When he turns around, Cas is smiling.
“He doesn’t know it’s you,” says Dean, adjusting his jacket.
Before Dean knows it, he and Cas are laughing so hard they’ve collapsed back down onto the couch, Cas draped over him. When they’ve finally settled down, he says, “Companion? Jesus. We’re not living in the celluloid closet here.”
“I’m kidding,” Dean says, pushing the drink towards him. “It’s pop. Drink up.”
Dean is breathing hard, leaning back on his heels. He swallows again, his mouth dry.
came over
I make a lot of mistakes. I hurt a lot of people. But I'm trying, okay? I'm trying. And if I know anything for sure, it's that it's safer for everybody if I keep my mouth shut so hard even I don't know what I wanna say.
He gets home before Cas and turns on the TV, collapsing back onto the couch. It’s comfy. He could get used to this. He probably should. Maybe he’ll make a nice dinner, he thinks before he remembers that they haven’t been grocery shopping in possibly an alarming amount of time.
“You’ve always been a person,” says Dean. He means it. Cas leans down to kiss him on the top of the head.
I'm in love with him.
Eventually, when he’s pretty sure Cas is no longer listening, Dean starts praying again. The first time, he leaves Sam’s guest room in Sam’s house in the middle of the night and goes to church. Outside, in the Impala, he almost thinks better of it. But then he goes inside anyway.
Sam and Castiel rush forward to untie Kara, who's crying and screaming under the scarf tied around her mouth. Dean holds up the gun - witch-killing bullets - and inspects the perimeter.
Sam almost argues - I know he's in love with you, he told me this morning - but realizes that's for Castiel to tell Dean, not him.
“—given our relationship, since despite the fact that I wasn’t really a man for most of my existence, nor have I ever truly been a woman.” While Dean continues to search for words that elude him, he adds, “Also, you’ve had plenty of queer friends, so I don’t see why my work situation is so surprising.”
Dean watches as Cas’s wide-eyed panic (a look meaning:
“Come on, man, you’ll like it.” Sam pulls a tray out of the oven piled with squash and zucchini.
“Are you… okay?” Dean doesn’t know whether to get closer or farther away, whether to ask or stop asking. His hands hover awkwardly in the air, forming a kind of parentheses.
. They spend hours upon hours in 24-hour diners, once staying so long to talk after a late dinner that they just stick around for breakfast too. When they drive past a baffling billboard in Tennessee—a plain white background with an image of a crown of thorns and elegant black text reading
“Well.” Cas shifts under the sheets, bringing them up to cover his shoulders. “Most of them aren’t too happy. But with Jack’s structural changes and the Empty’s machinations, most of them aren’t angels either. So there’s not a lot they could do to me, besides file some vitriolic and well-earned complaints.”
“You didn’t text me,” Dean says, and he meant to say hello first, but, okay, they’re doing this.
CLOSE ON HIS HAND as he holds it out to Dean and then opens his fingers to reveal a penny.
Even though Dean knew the end of the summer would be the end of hunting, it never quite seemed real. He’s been suspended midair with Cas for so long that this whole thing—the argument, the werewolf, the hospital—feels like a major crash to Earth. The hunting part of his life is over. He knows that now. It was gonna be over either way, whether he survived or not.
They say thank yous and goodbyes, even give out a few hugs. Dean likes these people, he’s loath to admit. He really didn’t want to have to like the nonprofit people, but here he is. He pockets a few more pieces of candy as they head out, and when he sees Baby parked across the street, he has a brief moment of panic: Should he even be driving? Then he realizes this is the first time in his entire life he’s ever had two and a half beers and been worried about driving ten minutes. He’ll do it—he’s done way worse—but fuck. Maybe next time they should take a cab or something.
“It does,” Cas says. He licks his lips, then makes a face.
“Hi Castiel,” Eileen says, rounding the corner of the living room, glancing back at Sam. Sam nods once. She visibly relaxes.
Cas nods. “I’m starting to figure that out,” he says.
Dean’s chest starts to feel uncomfortably tight.
“Or from months of awesome sex?”
“I need to shower,” he says, his voice sounding the most Batman-like it has in years.
a job; he wants something to do, wants to put brain and body to work, wants to provide for Cas. But anything beyond the next minute feels completely out of reach. Like he’s stupid to try making plans.
He knocks and waits at the door, hands stuffed in his pockets, bouncing lightly up and down on his feet and chewing the inside of his mouth. When Sam comes to the door he looks surprised, which somehow makes Dean even angrier.
As soon as they returned from burning the body and dumping what remained in a nearby lake, Cas got into the bed fully clothed. Dean thought about saying something and then didn’t.
“Fuck,” Cas agrees. He runs his hand around and up Dean’s back, then the other one.
Dean signs to ask Eileen if she wants a beer, but she shakes her head.
I mean, Lisa doesn't know I exist, and I never really miss her as much as I think I should. Cassie probably moved on a long time ago - good for her. Amara is off doing literally God-knows-what with Chuck. And Ca -
As there usually is in conversations like this with Sam, there’s a long, awkward silence. The only sound is the sink running in the kitchen. Cas can probably hear them.
“Sure you do, man. You’re millions of years old and spent most of it working at the same place. Highly reliable.” He scribbles again. “We’ll just… you know, make it look like you’ve had a great history with long-term employment. Because you have.”
Dean doesn’t get his four hours that night. Maybe one and a half. He stays up most of the night after they dispose of the vamp’s corpse, sitting upright in a chair, staring at Cas, who is fast asleep in the motel bed.
“Better keep you around then,” Dean says, smiling, before he realizes that he’s said it. He clears his throat, looks down at the table. It doesn’t seem like Cas noticed.
“The Club,” says Dean, raising his eyebrows and looking back over his shoulder at Cas, who nods stiffly. “How mysterious.” He takes the note and says, “Much obliged, ma’am.”
Well, two can play at that game. He goes and grabs his laptop, scrolls through job listings. There are a couple garages in town taking applications. He texts Sam:
So a few days later, when he realizes Cas forgot his lunch bag on the kitchen counter, Dean decides he’ll surprise him. When he rolls up into the parking lot, there are two women eating from sack lunches on a bench outside, and they look familiar. He realizes these are the same ladies he saw whispering about Baby at Cas’s interview—and now they’re whispering again, giggling into each other’s ears. Dean puts on his most debonair smile as he steps out of the car. Been a while since he got to lay the charms on anyone but Cas. Not that he intends anything, of course—but he doesn’t want to lose the muscle memory.
“I understand,” says Cas. He leans across the table to kiss Dean, just one small kiss, and Dean barely registers that he doesn’t even care that they’re in public. Just another couple, sharing an inconsequential kiss over a romantic dinner. “I never thought I would have it either.”
“Not the worst, but I think all those years of FBI roleplay gave me a complex about it.”
“What’re you thanking me for?” Dean says, pulling away, and he feels his face starting to heat up.
In the motel room, Cas hasn’t spoken to him for a couple hours—is just reading in chilly silence. Dean is watching TV, periodically turning up the volume to see if Cas will look up. He doesn’t.
Maybe it was the fiancé. I mean, she said she confessed to him under the influence of the curse and he was chill about it. Maybe he already knew.
When John D returns with the shots, Dean hands him two twenties.
Sam blows out a short, relieved breath.
The next couple weeks are so good Dean almost forgets to experience any emotional turmoil. He gets hired for real at the garage—on the last day of the test run, Tom says “well, see you next week” and that’s that—and Cas tries to make him cookies to celebrate, overall a miserable failure that Dean is surprised to find unbelievably endearing. They pick a paint sample from the pile on the table (dark blue) and paint the walls after drawing sigils everywhere—angel banishing, concealment, devil’s trap, all more symbolic than functional.
The camera pulls away to show all three again. Castiel stands up abruptly and hurries out of the room. A beat.
Of course, the last fucking day Dean is drywalling the ceiling, he absolutely beefs it off the ladder. He put it off for a few more days, to the weekend, figuring he was moving quickly enough that it wouldn’t put him behind schedule—not that there really is a schedule, just the internal ticking impatience that propels him to do the work in the first place. So it’s Saturday morning, and Cas is squinting at the newspaper at the kitchen table, and Dean is up on the ladder, laying the literal last pieces, and something happens—he’s not sure what. All he knows is one second he’s securely-footed on a rung and the next he slips, tries grabbing at something, realizes there’s nothing to grab. And then he’s on the floor.
“Dad-adjacent. I guess.”
Are you absolutely certain that this is what you want?
“I didn’t—”
Dean says something loud but muffled from behind his hand.
I - I don't know. I've never heard of that. I wish Rowena was here.
It feels like there’s a fork scraping against the raw muscle of Dean’s heart.
What? No. Jesus, where is that coming from?
Instead, from Eileen, he gets an emphatic, “You look nice!” Sam doesn’t even seem to notice. Eileen grabs Cas by the face and says, “
“Come on,” he says, and he heaves himself into a sitting position. “Now you have to.” He brushes a hand through Cas’s hair for good measure—an assurance that whatever it is, it’ll be fine. Maybe it won’t. But eventually it will. That’s how it always works.
what it… what it is. I know for certain.”
At first Dean thinks Cas is sassing him, starts to snap back. Then he realizes he’s serious.
“But I
Right as he says it, he realizes: There it is. That’s the thing. All this wedding talk. His stomach churns, not totally unpleasantly.
“Not supposed to,” says Dean. He unbuckles his own seatbelt and places one hand on top of Cas’s clasped ones, which are cold despite the early September heat, shaking a little. “Look, dude. It fucking sucks to be vulnerable like this—I know. But I’ve always been human.”
“I very much enjoy eating,” says Cas, his mouth full of omelet. “I missed it as an angel. The taste of food. And I find that I’m hungry a great deal of the time now.”
“Missed you too,” he says. He rubs a little circle onto Cas’s back, then steps away. “So, first day. How was it? Gimme the rundown.”
“You can just put the plate in the sink,” says Sam. “Thanks, man.”
“I’m only referring to the parts I was present for.”
“I never should have let you go out on the road,” Sam says. He leans his forehead down on the bed, then sits up again. “After everything with Chuck, we’re vulnerable. There’s nothing just… arbitrarily protecting us anymore. And we wouldn’t have been able to bring you back since the gates are closed. I let you go knowing you could just, like, get shot and die. Get stabbed and die. Have a fucking heart attack or something.”
Dean stutters and stammers around a response that doesn’t come.
Cas, I love you.
“Kids?”
I have to be calm, Dean thinks. The thought feels like it’s floating above him. I can’t make this any harder on him.
he picked up from a haunted used bookstore a few towns back.
“I love you,” Dean says between increasingly frantic kisses. “You’re so good to me.”
“Just be a little more careful on the ladder next time.”
“Not to be rude,” Dean says, “but this is all pretty fucked up.”
Sam knocks on the door.
“I—” says Cas. He doesn’t finish the sentence, says instead: “I think this is a fitting environment for me.” He heads up to the bar and takes a seat.
He doesn't know how to finish the sentence.
“We’ll figure it out,” he says. “I’m glad you’re here to figure it out with me.”
For a second, Dean remembers: Cas was gone. For so long. Because of him. Somehow, tonight, he’d almost managed to forget.
Okay. Okay. Fine.
“Delightful,” says Cas. Dean doesn’t understand how a person can say
“One of each,” Jake says sagely, looking down his glasses at Dean. “It’ll happen.”
“My—” Cas pauses, frowns. “The pop culture survey given to me by Metatron years ago seems to operate similarly to my capacity for languages.”
“We should go to the hospital,” Cas says. Before Dean can even react to that, he says, “I know you don’t want to, but there’s no point in trying to fix this at home if it’s serious. And there’s no other way to know if it’s serious, because I can’t sense it and you aren’t going to tell me how much it actually hurts.”
“Whoa. Who is this and what did he do with Dean Winchester?” He sniffs loudly. Rubs his face. Sits next to Dean on the bed. He finally seems to calm down. “What do you mean?”
“Sweet?” Dean snorts. He can feel himself turning red as Cas traces a finger among some freckles on his cheek. “Nah.”
Next up is the boss, Bridget, who Cas introduces with some fancy title that Dean doesn’t quite register. She looks kind of stone-cold—sharp features, hair pulled back—but seems nice enough. After a little small talk, she drops the bombshell that makes Dean think he probably should have just left Cas’s lunch at the front desk.
“I’m not going to Ireland,” Dean says blankly. “I don’t fly.”
About halfway through the original
Cas smirks. Leans in to kiss Dean on the cheek. “Maybe,” he says. He leans back and pulls the covers up around him. “We could watch that movie now.”
“So…” Dean’s mind feels totally blank, like he’s looking at an impossible equation. “So that was your Heaven? Being with Jack?”
Ren eyes him for a second, because that’s a pretty weird way to respond to that question, admittedly.
“That’s because it’s barely a house,” Dean says. “Right now it’s a bedroom, a bathroom, and a series of dank mausoleums masquerading as every other room. I shouldn’t be renovating it, I should be condemning it for asbestos.”
“Yeah, Cas is great. I love him, Sammy. Come on, squirt, let’s see what the men of the house have been getting up to.”
“I doubt she has missed me, Dean, it's just one of them things.” Joe sadly shrugged.
“Mmm well, this douche can place your bedtime to eight, and a ban on after-school activities.”
“Cas, so overjoyed to see you. I got split from the group.” the redhead declared, hugging her friend.
“Yes angel, I have Bobby’s and Sammy’s gifts, and I have the pie for dessert. Mertha made it.”
“I like that it’s so different. Cas can get a little…” Dean thought of the words he needed.
“Dean honey, why do this?” Mertha asked, struggling to understand.
“The same minions that cornered me in the alleyway by any chance?”
“Cas the ring, I can’t find it.” tears fell from jade green eyes and Castiel’s heart sank.
Joe laughed out, coming to a swift realisation. “That’s why Fate’s spell could not touch me. I mean Fates are immortal, but I killed her.”
“Yes, this is John Winchesters doing. Those boys; something was not right about the situation. That’s why I pulled back. Let me out Sami, please? I must do the right thing. If Dean or Castiel gets hurt…”
Soft chocolate brown eyes stared up into watery green ones. “They go to a special part of heaven. Do not worry so, child.”
“Yes.” grinned the angel, not at all perturbed about the concept that an omega was his protector.
They celebrate Uriel's life. Deans worried he will be punished for his past transgressions. Castiel reassures his mate. Castiel as good news for Dean and Joe after graduation.
Thanks for your love and support and comments xx
“You wouldn’t dare, you’re too good.” John scoffed.
Charlie pulled Joe into a room just off the other, noticing it was full of books.“What are you doing?” hissed Joe keeping his voice down, glancing around in case someone or something was watching or could hear them.
“Don’t worry; I know the way.” grinned Dean, tugging at the joint hands. Turning back, he led the way.
“Cas it’s fine I want to tell you. I had dreams, remember?”
Dean glances over now; his eyes narrowed, his fists clenched.
Sam stared, and Bobby just nodded. “Deans in the best hands, Sam, don’t you fear.”
As always with me, the calm before the storm. I do always write a happy ending. x
The Stars
Dean turned around at the abrupt commotion and heard the cry of fear from his friends. Adam and Joe tried in vain to pull at the bars, but it was not good it trapped them. Castiel came over, but just as he was going to speak, they heard the thunder of running feet.
“Scream all you want, I can shut the doors, and I can take the bus to the depot.” the man laughed maniacally.
Dean tiptoed towards the stone and placed his hand firmly upon it. His angel and Mallory had a stare-off, so he did what felt right. Suddenly, he was transported to a faraway destination.
“Dude, that’s harsh.”
“Why can’t I leave the room? What’s going on Cas?” forgetting all protocol Dean just wanted the truth.
“Cas, you big lump. What did you think I was going to say?” Dean sat up and stroked his hand through messy black hair. “I guess we still have our issues, hey? “I love you so much Cas were going to be parents.”
“Dean, are you okay? Did you fall?” Came the smooth voice of Cam. The angel held his hand out and helped the omega up.
Eyes flashing black, the demon grabbed a knife around his belt and threw it at Dean. It never hit its mark. Flying halfway through the air it stopped, it then flipped around and buried itself into the forehead of the lanky demon. The demon lit up like the fourth of July. Screaming and flailing his arms and legs and dropping dead on the floor not able to smoke out. The knife then flew and landed at Dean’s feet.
They got Dean ready, washed and dressed. Dean’s life would change from that moment.
“No Cas don’t you even. I swear you’ve become worse since you’ve been spending time with Lucifer.” Dean huffed and marched out of the room tramping loudly up the stairs.
Dean hobbled up to the hospital to meet Pam. The doctor wanted to check if he was doing okay.
“Dean, I’m Castiel. I’m going to be your mate. Seraphim first class.”
“Shh,” Anna shouted. “I can feel Cassie coming.”
Standing back, Dean glanced at the angel before him. “Why did you not want me as your mate Cas?” Dean asked him. The omega felt like he would burst if he did not find out the truth.
Dean went into his uncle’s study to read the books he had deposited there. There were two books on the desk. Yellow with age and they smelt musty. The dust fell off them, and he had a coughing fit. Dean placed the books down and went to get a glass of water. When he got back, both books were open at various pages.
“I will Dean thank you, but I think those boys, they’re not-” Adam looked at the door again, not sure how to convey his thoughts.
“Love is heartbreak, sadness, miscommunication. But, oh, love is joy and happiness. Warmth, family and friends, its life. Love makes Heaven and Earth and yes, even Hell work. You missed this critical ingredient out of the equation, Mallory.”
“Okay, long as I know you’re with someone.”
A portal opened in the cavern wall, nearest to him. Dean yelped in surprise and stepped back into the dark spots. Dean grasped the forgotten chain around his neck and pulled it out, just needing something to hold. Mertha, his friend, had given that to him a tangible reminder that his friends were with him. The portal was his size; it reached from the bottom to the top of the cave; the width was one and a half of him, he would say. It was like looking into the carp pool back at the agency. The picture rippled like the waves of the pond when a fish darted up to feed. Around the edges were golds and reds, flickering in and out. He wondered if they were hot; it felt warmer in the cave.
There was a thump, and a noose dangled in front of Dean’s nose, reaching up to feel if it was real. Those dark olive eyes, virtually black, were facing him, challenging him to kill himself.
Dean made certain he seated the furthest away from Chuck. Castiel sat next to him on the couch. Pressed so tightly, Dean felt slightly smothered.
Dean moved to hug Anna and Charlie, and he held on tight to the angel.
“Yes.” shouted the boys were hugging each other. Castiel rolled his eyes but said nothing about the display of affection.
“Little omega, do you know the story in the bible of Nephilim of old?” Madan spoke to Dean, his brown eyes watchful.
“Yeah, thanks to you.”
“I want you, but you can’t consent in this state. You must feel terrible. I wish I could take your pain away.”
“Mertha, what do you need from me?” Dean did not want to ask, because he felt something disastrous about to happen, his stomach in knots and he felt sick.
“Oh, that’s terrific. So, I can’t leave without one? I have to remain in this area?”
“Yeah, goodnight Adam.” Dean continued to his door and rolled his eyes, making sure the other boy could not see him. He was going to be in big trouble, but it was worth it.
“Or we have an older brother that’s a badass Archangel. That happens to live in the very place you plant the get out of jail free card.” Grins Dean in glee that they can beat the Fates they need to get to the stone.
“In the corner of hell, there is a stone, and this stone has two handprints. It vexed me at first. Why was there a stone, set down in the depth of hell? Why are there two different sized handprints? One small one large. Made of black marble; it's shiny and smooth and cold to touch — the only cold item in that part of hell. The stone is hidden, in the human part of hell, though not guarded like there is no care of discovery. The Fates have no clue I stumbled upon it. I fear when we get closer, they will send their top fighters to stop us."
Their first dance was Nothing else matters by Metallica
Wondering what his uncle was doing if he even knew he was missing. His times spent at his house were the happiest he had ever been, John saw that and took it away. Uncle Bobby was more of a dad to him. The old man would have loved this library it’s stretched so far, he could not see to the back of it, all made of cedarwood, he would guess from the holy land.
“We will, I promise you,” Dean told the older angel.
“You to Jody and thank you.”
Castiel’s eyes narrowed this was going too far now, people gathered behind him.“Charlie, stop, that’s enough.” he said firmly, almost an order.
“The fairies have arrived to save the baby.” John mocked out loud,
Dean sat down, stretching out his tired bones, having a ration pack of nuts and fruits, then washed it down with a bottle of tepid water. He noticed that there was now another opening in the opposite rock-face. Dean rolled his eyes, not wanting to play there games just yet. Wishing his Nephilim powers were not fluctuating. Then maybe Hell’s demons would think twice about tormenting him.
“Yes, but buddy, you always had a choice to step away. Dad had to establish free will. The fates are tricky thing, they want the end of the world, that’s why he sent my big brother down to the pits of hell to defeat the hordes of evil. Then he made you and Cassie, to stop their plans.”
“Castiel, will you share in Dean’s pain and seek to alleviate it?”
Dean laid back on the bed and closed his eyes. Fingers carded through his hair tenderly and the mattress sagged. Castiel hummed an Enochian lullaby, soothing Dean, and he sighed in blissful contentment.
Castiel and Eremiel walked further up the spacious cavern and noticed tiny red pinpricks of the light brake through the gloom. Castiel’s eyes flew wide, and he shrieked his warning. “Árar bats.”
“What the… You not stuck in Heaven?” seethed the demon, his ugly face contorted in anger.
The suit was slate grey with purple accents around the lapels and pockets. A waistcoat complimented the outfit. The tie was forest green that he knew would highlight his eyes. The dress shirt was white, and he had grey socks and black shoes to complete the outfit. Dean marvelled at the belt: it was brown leather, but they made the buckle to look like angel wings.
“Tell me why we need to go again?” whined Dean again to his friend, pushing the button to the elevator. Adam grinned, knowing his friend was about to get his chance.
Dean sat at the agency working through weapons. The human agency had changed into a training ground. All angels were becoming ready to engage in the forthcoming war. The omegas were helping their mates. Everyone’s knowledge put to excellent use, from plans of Hell to the Fates to various weapons.
“I will be around here training with the angels. So, I can drop in.” beamed Adam.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh,” Dean said, not liking the stormy faces.
“When all our jobs here are complete, we ladies are going shopping,” Mertha told the group. “we need flower girls.”
Dean got dressed and did his morning routine, glad he had found this place. Walking down for breakfast, Aggie called him over.
“I missed you, Cas.” Dean sighed and hugged his mate back with force.
“And how will you be doing that?” smirked Gabriel, enjoying himself.
“Anna wants to live on the coast.” Charlie blurted out.
Xxxxxx
If Dean wishes to leave, he can’t stop him. These are the rules he has free will, after all.
Castiel captured Dean’s plush pink lips, and his tongue demanded entrance. The omega let him in. The alpha moaned in sheer euphoria, tasting vanilla and cinnamon and something that was all Dean. The angel possessed his every move but cradled him like he was something fragile and precious, which he absolutely was.
Suckling Pig-Puerto Rico
“Sweet boy, follow me.” Castiel winked lasciviously, grabbing hold of his boy’s hand.
The air in the underpass was fresh, Crowley always smelt of sulphur, and that’s what he thought Hell would stink like. The tunnel air, however, had the bouquet of saltwater, not unlike Anna and Charlie’s home. Grateful for the light the weird creatures gave him, he walked for about half an hour. Dean grumbled loudly when he arrived at the dead end. Looking around, he could not identify a way out, so he stopped for a rest. Upon sitting down on a sandy floor, Dean recognised the sudden sound of machinery; rocks began moving.
Dean opened his eyes and grinned; he materialised his wings. Looking into the mirror and stepping up to it.
“That was amazing Uncle Bobby thanks,” Dean told his uncle.
“Something’s coming sir soon, I feel it.”
The angels thinking no human was that advanced in their language; ignored those around them. Dean understood, and when the short man with honey eyes finished the joke, the younger boy had to laugh.
Castiel, Hannah, and Jody said goodbye. Dean stood with Pam. Starting on the next journey of his new life.
The next day the omega avoided his friends. He had completed his homework, preferring to accomplish that in his room. Going down into the common area, Dean saw the angel again speaking to Joel, Raz and Zad. They did not look overly happy.
“Angel and demons mating is accepted by my kind. They will have part light and dark within their core. They have the free will, but their demon side cannot overrule their angel side.”
“Baby legs up,” Castiel growls, his eyes glowing brighter.
“Let's get to the front lobby Pam, you best go back to the hospital and wait for news.”
“What do I get?” Dean asks the redhead, looking puzzled.
Charlie was hot, perspiration dripped down her eyebrow, and she wiped her forehead with the back of her forearm. Feeling in her pack, she blindly grabbed a bottle of clear liquid. The bottles were labelled, but she did not check them. Dean had moved close to his friend, but at that moment the young omega realised she had picked the wrong bottle and spat the water all over him.
“Sure Joe.” both Castiel and Dean watched them leave.
“We, can’t visit.” Dean sighed wistfully.
“It didn’t just happen,” he says. “I know I keep saying this but the guy’s been in love with you for years. Ever since he… you know. Learned how to do love in a human way.”
—and I’m really, uh, happy for you guys, seriously, congrats, but—I just, that’s not really anything we need to know. Ever. You don’t have to tell people stuff like that. Even family. Hey,
Yeah.
“But he will soon,” says Dean. “That’s the whole point.” He makes a finger gun at Cas, winks, clicks his tongue. Rings the doorbell again.
Cas starts cracking up—the most Dean has ever seen him laugh. He grabs the bar with one hand, his eyes squeezed shut.
“I want—I want to—” Dean gulps, tries to take in a deep breath, but it hurts too much. “I want you. I want to wake up every day and you’re there.”
“I am. And I will be. And you’ll be there for it.”
kiss and an
Hello?
“Hey,” says Dean, moving his arm so fast that some of his drink sloshes out. “I don’t need a label. Cops bad, Nazis bad, death penalty bad. Boom. Just never had a permanent address to vote with.”
“So Jack’s not totally alone,” Dean says, testing the waters. “He’s got Uncle Gabe.”
“Hello, Dean,” he says, calm and mild as usual, with the requisite hint of gruffness.
“Not that deep,” says Dean. “I just think your eyes are pretty.”
“Why do you want everything to change?” he says.
Dean knew that, logically—it’s not like he hadn’t run through the last words Cas said to him every day, a thousand times a day, for months. But until this moment, it hadn’t quite hit him. Cas is still just afraid of coming on too strong, of pushing him away. Cas only told Dean he loved him because he thought he would never see him again. And now here they are.
“So, uh.” Dean clears his throat, handing Cas his cup. “Where’d you get those clothes?”
Cas insists on carrying the bags in—Dean shouldn’t be doing strenuous physical activity, says the doctor; the doctor is in Missouri and can’t tell him what to do, says Dean—but while Cas is inside Dean looks into the trunk and sees the sigil painted on, sees what’s left of the monster-hunting weapons: angel blades, firearms, a baseball bat. Salt. A lot of it he’d lost along the way this time, and whether that’s due to carelessness or a subconscious spirit of spring cleaning, he can’t say.
(dejected, a little defensive)
“Oh, yes,” he says. “I’d love to. Shepherd’s pie.” He laughs knowingly, leaning in and nodding slightly towards the others. “Biblical.”
“Fuck,” Dean says out loud. Cas looks different than ever before and somehow also not different at all: his wide eyes, his messy hair. Dean leans down to kiss his neck.
“Old enough to drink,” she says, and when Dean and Cas both narrow their eyes at her, she throws her head back and says, “ugh.
Sorry I'm not kinky enough for you, Samantha.
All Dean can manage to say is, “Yeah.”
Dean still doesn’t know what to say to that, just chokes out a laugh and nods. Cas rubs his shoulder.
A few minutes later, Cas finally puts the book down. “Are you all right?” he says.
“Oh,” says Cas. He’s making the face he sometimes makes that either means
make problems. I’m just saying you have an option now… to make less problems.”
“Maybe sometimes,” Cas says. “But I’ve seen him at work—maybe his innocence is a benefit. He’s wise and good and pure. He has what he needs.”
“Bye, dude,” Sam says. “See you soon.”
Sam quirks an eyebrow at him. “You never have to put that on the resume.”
Dean looks at them, then shrugs.
“I just want to look professional,” he says, voice strained.
Cas nods, still looking dumbfounded. He strokes a hand over the back of Dean’s head, says, “I love you.”
Dean slumps down against the headboard with the final realization that he’s not getting out of this. “Okay, Dr. Ruth, where’d you get that one? Sam? You been talking to Sam about this?”
“Zachariah had some choice words,” he says. “Raphael. Ishim.” He stares down at the bed, dejected. “Rachel. Uriel.”
What do you mean, exactly?
“Actually, great first day,” Dean grumbles.
“I think that depends,” he says.
So they try it a few times, just drunk enough that they can’t quite do it without talking over each other or cracking up when they look each other in the eyes. Dean has no idea what’s going on or why they’re even doing this, but Cas looks so happy, so alive, so—ironically enough, considering the ears—human. Dean can’t stop looking into his eyes. On take
“All good, all good,” says Dean. “Uh, pretty good, in fact.”
Sam pulls his head back and narrows his eyes.
“They’ve only given us one bed,” he says. “I’ll go back and request a different room.”
comfortable with it. If I wasn’t comfortable with it, we wouldn’t do it. What I’m not comfortable with is the words
“Brutal,” he says once he recovers, wiping at his mouth.
“I’m dying, Cas,” he says. “I’m on my way out. Go back to Lawrence, be with Sammy. You can have the Campbell house if you want it. God knows I hated it there. Alone in that house.” He starts to get choked up. Fights it. Who cares if he doesn’t want to die like this? It’s what was always going to happen. In front of Cas, in front of Sam. Every day of his life he woke up knowing this was coming, knowing he’d watch everyone around him get dead one by one, then he would get dead too. It’s almost worse this way. He almost made it. He almost had it. “Tell Sam I—tell him I love him. And I love you. You live a good, long life, okay? You live for me.”
“So,” says Cas, who’s doing the same, “if we’re both nervous, why is that?”
And who are these fine gentlemen?
“There’s that resume magic!” he says. “I told you, man! You got the job?”
“It’s Sam’s demon knife,” says Cas, seeming a little irritated that his big reveal didn’t work. But as he brings it closer, he’s right: the serrated edge, the symbols on the side. Sam’s knife. Dean had been wondering where this was, why Sam didn’t offer it to him when he went back out on the hunt. Sure, there aren’t really demons on Earth anymore, and Dean has plenty of other weapons, including a few angel blades collected over the years. But it’s about the sentiment.
“You’re worried about how people are perceiving you,” Cas says against his mouth. “More than usual.”
"What? Why?”
Cas looks up at him, clearly a little bit terrified to be broaching the topic, especially after tonight, and Dean can’t just say nothing, so he leans in for a long, slow kiss, trying to communicate something, anything. He feels Cas relax under his mouth, so maybe it’s working.
“Change is good,” Sam says. “If nothing ever changed, we wouldn’t be here right now.” When Dean doesn’t reply, he keeps going. “Look. I get that it’s hard. And I’ll always be a Winchester in my bones, man. I’m not trying to get rid of you, or distance myself from you. But our family is super fucked up, and sometimes being a Winchester feels more work than it’s worth, and what makes the most sense to me is—I don’t know. It’s like Bobby always said. Family don’t end in blood, you know? I think I need to open myself up to figuring out a new way to define family for myself. And right now that’s you and Eileen and Cas, and even Jack, and no matter what my last name is, that doesn’t change.”
“You don’t think it would bring up questions if I were to show up in a form identical to a missing person and claim I had no previous identity at all?”
Monday morning Dean wakes up a little earlier than usual—5:30 AM. Even when he’s not working he rarely sleeps past eight out of force of habit, so it’s not too much of a difference; meanwhile, Cas’s sleep schedule still hasn’t quite settled into a reasonable rhythm yet, so sometimes he wakes up bright and early and sometimes (most of the time) he sleeps as late as possible, grumpy and squinty until he has a cup of coffee in hand. What with his 9–5 work schedule, he’s been getting up around eight, but generally he acts like that’s still too early. Dean finds it equally irritating and endearing. Then again, he has to cut the guy some slack; this is only the second time in his millennia-long life that he’s had to develop a sleep-wake schedule, and the first time he’s had to do it while punching the clock. It takes some work.
What?
“Wow,” says Dean, “okay,” and that’s his defense.
“Whose truck is this?” Cas asks again, and this time Dean can’t hold back.
“No breaks from the hunt,” he jokes, simultaneously with Dean muttering the exact same sentence in all sincerity. Dean glares.
Dean smirks and pats his shoulder again.
“He performs in drag at a local gay bar. He’s invited me several times—he seems to think you would enjoy it especially.”
Dean doesn’t comprehend. “What?”
“On what?”
About having me erase your memory, I mean.
Sam’s eyes nearly pop out of his head.
“I’m not sure that’s—” Dean stops. He’s not actually sure why onions make you cry.
Why not, Dean?
“Cas, are you—” Sam starts, and then he looks at Dean, and then he looks back at Cas.
“We’re not done with this conversation,” Sam says. He stands and heads to open the door.
“I can do that,” Cas says, leaning down to press a kiss to Dean’s shoulder, his clavicle. His voice buzzing into every one of Dean’s cells. “Thank you for telling me. Anything else?”
“Of course,” he says. “Casper.”
“No, Cas, I—fuck.” Dean rolls over onto his side to face Cas. Warily, Cas turns his head to face Dean. They stare at each other for a few moments. Then Dean sits up again and Cas follows him like a reluctant shadow. “Would you listen to me? I meant it. I meant all of it. But this is—this is new for me, okay? This is hard.”
“But you were in Heaven, right? You were in Heaven.”
At breakfast—bacon and eggs à la Dean around the rickety little table in the living room—Cas keeps checking his phone.
You - you licked my hand!
“Okay,” says Sam, backtracking a bit, “that’s maybe a little mean. But you get what I’m saying, right? I don’t think there’s really a problem there until you make a problem.”
They look at each other for a moment, then crack up. Dean laughs so hard it makes his stomach hurt. God, what a stupid life. And it all lead up to this: lying in bed on a Sunday morning in his moldy, inherited house with the ex-angel boyfriend he convinced himself he didn’t love for over a decade, a healing gunshot wound from a werewolf in his back, his hunting career basically over, absolutely no clue where he’s headed next.
Kara goes weirdly silent and looks around the room.
“What are you so pissed off about anyway?” says Dean. “I thought you’d be happy to see him. You’re gonna… break his dumb little heart, leaving him out there.”
Sam smirks, shrugging in acceptance.
“Cas,” Sam says, folding his hands on the table. “You know this is all falsified, right? It’s only real, like, in spirit. So you can get hired to do something you’re actually good at.”
He looks placid on the surface but Dean can tell he’s radiating something else—anger, despair.
“Friends,” he says. “Yep.”
This is a lot of information for Sam to take in.
“I know.”
“Okay,” says Dean. Sam is already heading back inside. “Okay.”
Castiel stares again.
Dean listens.
“You’ve been acting strangely today,” Cas says. He presses his lips together. “I’m… I’m sorry I didn’t realize that you had gotten us one bed on purpose. It just took me by surprise.”
“First of all, I’m glad you’re out of the Empty, but I’m sorry you’re trapped in Heaven. I know how you feel about your family. Rough holidays.”
“You—oh.” They haven’t really talked about that. Dean knew, obviously. But they haven’t talked about it much.
“Wh—” And suddenly Cas is wide awake, wheezing laughter. “Dean,” he says. “You think I’ve never been jealous? I spent twelve years in a constant, abject state of jealousy.”
“But he’s sweet and a quick learner. We adore having him around. You’re a lucky man. And—” He nods appraisingly. “Looks like Cas is pretty lucky too.”
Over the drone of the B movie playing on the TV, Cas hums thoughtfully—Dean feels it more than hears it.
Cas looks at him the way he sometimes does, radiating such warmth and care that Dean physically starts to sweat.
“That’s new,” Sam mutters.
For a moment, Cas stares forward, at the ground. Dean is about to ask if he’s okay when he looks up and says, “You.”
Sam, Dean, and Castiel approach the coroner at the scene. They pull out their badges.
. Now anything could happen.”
After Dean’s shower—his first real shower since he got shot, thank god—and as they’re getting ready for bed, Cas gets under the sheets and pats the space next to him, looking up at Dean with an earnest closed-mouth smile. For a second the room looks so much like the bunker that he feels physically transported, and his chest aches when he realizes he could have had this, he could have had this the whole time. He just didn’t think he could.
INT. BUNKER - LIBRARY - NIGHT (DAY 1)
It doesn’t last much longer after that. Their mouths are together when Cas’s breath hitches and he says, “Dean,” then says, “Dean, Dean, Dean,” urgent and reverent. He leans his face into Dean’s neck and groans, his own hand slowing. After a moment of panting into Dean’s shoulder, Dean’s hand on the back of his neck, he sits back up, eyes somewhat glazed over. Then he’s back at work with his mouth. Dean finishes almost immediately.
“Yeah,” Dean says, letting out a breath he didn’t know he was holding. “Yeah, something like that.”
Not so fast. According to the lore, there is one way to circumvent the curse even if you come into contact with it, so I say better safe than sorry.
Dean opens his mouth, closes it. “Look,” he says. “Thank you for checking in. Really. I like what we’ve got going on—I like it a lot. A lot. And, you know, if you ever want to do things the other way, I’m good with that. Maybe I’ll wanna get back to it at some point. But for now I want to keep—you know—"
“There wasn’t really a proposal,” Sam says, shrugging. “Like Eileen said. We just decided.”
When Sam opens the door again, his eyes open so wide they nearly roll back in his head. He shuts the door. He opens it again, just long enough to yank Dean inside by the jacket, then shuts it once more.
I just got a vibe. Sorry.
Dean shrugs a shoulder, one hand lifted. “He learned to knock.”
“I have what I need,” Cas says. He leans in for a kiss. When he pulls away, he looks at Dean with some curiosity. “Earlier,” he says. “You called me baby. I thought that was reserved for the car.”
Then again, Cas isn’t waiting—he’s just doing. He’s out there getting a life that doesn’t revolve totally around Winchester bullshit for once. It feels like there’s a string being pulled in the back of his head that reminds him on the hour every hour: Cas doesn’t need you. He can survive on his own this time.
“Okay, I’m awake,” says Cas. “Shower.”
What? No, I - I just expected you to have something a little more... out there, you know?
“Yes,” Cas says, and he turns to Ren to clarify: “You remind us of an old friend. A beloved friend. She was also invested in computers and bobbleheads.”
“You’ve got the Campbell house,” Sam says. “You were doing a great job on renovations. I’m happy to help however I can with that.”
Right. Uh, yeah. Okay. Well, I'll just... I'll take this -
With the burn of tears insistent in his eyes, Dean blinks quick.
Dean blinks and looks back at Cas, who is gazing at Dean with a kind of far-away smile.
“It’s his birthday present,” she says when Dean tells her they can’t possibly let her buy Cas an entire new wardrobe. “He’s a million years old and has never gotten a birthday present, so we have to make up for lost time.”
“I make ‘em strong,” says John D, pushing the rum and Coke in front of Cas. Dean laughs.
Dean opens his mouth, points his finger, but says nothing. “You got me there,” he says finally. “But, what, you gonna go by Jimmy now? I’m not callin’ you Jimmy.”
Castiel gives him a sort of wan smile.
“Enough,” says Dean. “Enough, okay? I’m hunting, and he’s with me. So he’s hunting. He’s learning. I’m not fucking—I’m not trying to hurt him. Why the fuck would you even say that?”
He shrugs. “Just seems unnecessary.”
“I think I’m gonna do the dishes,” Eileen says, hurriedly collecting dishes from the table. “Cas, would you mind…”
Dean’s heart, already pounding, speeds up. Maybe he hasn’t been clear. He probably hasn’t. He scoots up and lifts his hand to tilt Cas’s face towards him.
“He’s, uh,” says Dean. “He’s great. What’s up? You hunting or something? How’d you even find us?”
Castiel is outside Dean's room. He hesitates, then knocks.
“I mean, we’re not coming
Dean looks up at the ceiling. Part of it is that he wants to believe he can survive anything without help—that years of getting shot and beat up and choked and stabbed and possessed and whatever have calloused him to all physical pain and he can take it. The other part is that he’s still thinking about how much he’s been drinking the past few years. How he would wake up and drink, fall asleep drinking, drink straight from the liquor bottle, handle weapons drunk around Sam and everybody. How eventually he dumped the holy water out of his flask to put in whiskey instead. How the day after Cas was taken by the Empty, he woke up on the floor, surrounded by beer bottles. He’s thinking about Bobby.
“We should probably head home,” she says, and she looks to Sam, who shrugs and downs his whole beer.
Dean tries not to think much about the Bunker—it’s still there, and he and Sam had lived there alone for a while before Sam and Eileen moved in together, before Sam convinced Dean to come stay in their guest room. Dean thought about returning a couple times but could never bring himself to do it. Too big, too empty. Too many old memories. The last time he stepped foot in there the losses were palpable in the air: Kevin, Mom. It just doesn’t feel like home anymore. The Campbell house doesn’t either, to be fair. But he guesses he owes it to Sam to try.
He puts his ear to the door. MUFFLED SCREAMING.
“You realize neither of us have any idea what these words mean,” he says. He can feel the Sam-glare from the other line.
“Did you look over those applications I sent you?”
“I’m just happy for you, man,” says Sam. “It’s a good salary to start, and you’re gonna have, like, health insurance.”
Dean grimaces as he walks into the kitchen. “Never mind,” he says. “I take it back. Smells like leaves.”
“Tired?” he says, shucking off his costume and sliding under the sheets.
“Come on,” Dean says. He tugs on Cas’s sleeve. “Bridget’s handin’ out drinks.”
“Cas.” Dean stands up from the bed, begins to pace. “Clearly you’re just now starting to work through some stuff, which I get, but I think we’re past all this.”
Before he says anything weirder, Dean taps him on the arm.
“No,” says Dean, “no, of course not. This is good, and I—I like being here with you. I like doing anything with you. It just feels like, I don’t know. Like I’m trying to pretend I’m—”
“You told me I was the thing that went wrong in your life. I only made that deal with the Empty because I thought I would never be truly happy again.” Cas is looking up at Dean, his eyes as big and honest as Dean has ever seen them.
Cas is unphased. As he sits up, he does the little head nod to the side that he does, his eyebrows raised, the one that means he understood your joke and is in appropriately good humor about it. Like all things Cas does, Dean had missed that nod.
“I mean,” says Sam, looking over Dean’s way, “there’ll be a break coming up pretty soon. Possibly a somewhat permanent break. Right, Dean?”
“Private information,” Dean says firmly, and that’s all he can muster.
daughter,” Cas says, looking up at Dean, not quite rolling his eyes but sliding them across the room fast enough that Dean gets the hint.
For a second, they look at each other. Then SAM comes in, carrying his laptop. Dean pockets the penny.
I... I don't think I need to participate, actually. I'm generally immune to magic, being an angel.
“I can put on a record, we can just—you know. Break in the new floors.”
“I just have a hard time believing…” Dean feels a puff of air against the side of his face, two or twenty minutes later, both of them hanging on the soft edge of sleep but not in any hurry to get there. “I truly thought we would never make it here. But here we are.”
It’s always unsettling, those reminders that Cas did indeed choose this—that he used to be an angel, and now he’s not. That he was dead, and now he’s not. That he was in the Empty, then up in Heaven with Jack, and now he’s not. Now he’s just a guy with a slightly larger learning curve than most. The best and weirdest man Dean has ever known, who possibly still has minor residual angel powers—like being a tiny bit psychic and always being able to guess what the next line will be in movies he’s never seen—but still.
Look who's awake. You here to call everybody a homophobe for no good reason again?
“I’m a paralegal.”
He straightens up. Holds out a penny.
“We’re gonna get a couch,” Dean says, holding up a hand, “we just don’t have one yet. Sorry, Claire. Hard to decorate around a remodel. You mind staying with Sam? He has a real nice guest room.”
“I—” says Cas again, but he doesn’t finish the sentence. He slides off his unbuttoned flannel, kicks off his jeans. Then he says, “What made you change your mind?”
“We’ll talk insurance later,” Sam says pointedly, leaning in closer to Cas. Cas nods conspiratorially. It’s fine, Dean thinks. They can bond over yuppie shit if they want to. Not that health insurance is yuppie shit. He’s not even sure where that came from. He makes eye contact with Eileen from across the table. As if reading his mind, she shrugs.
“Dean,” says Cas, his voice breaking slightly.
“Works for us,” Dean says, cracking open his beer and drinking straight from the can. Cas watches, pops his open too, pours it carefully in the glass.
Safiya raises an eyebrow at him. “That’s what makes it good.”
Cas’s eyes widen, then narrow, comically fast. “That doesn’t make me feel better,” he says.
right now. He doesn’t want to hear
“Hm,” says Claire. “Could have used some of that about ten years ago.” Before Cas even has a chance to react, she says, “Kidding.”
“Any more angel stuff you want to try to fit on here? I mean, what was your job description there, technically?”
He steps out, heads over to shake Tom’s hand.
.” The sparkles and cartoon hearts floating around the word are nearly visible. Dean rolls his eyes.
About halfway through Cas’s rum and Coke, Dean realizes he’s going to need to play some serious catch-up, so he orders two shots of Jameson. Cas looks at him expectantly when they arrive.
Dean leans forward slightly, feeling completely torn open, like all his muscles and organs are visible. Cas’s eyes widen, but he stays right where he is. Dean leans forward again. Again.
“And you are?”
You understand that a person with unresolved romantic feelings for Dean would be in danger.
“Well, we’re—” Cas’s smile falters as he glances up at Dean again. “We’re not caught up.”
“I want to stop hurting you,” he says, and then a low groan comes from his mouth. He didn’t know he was making a sound.
“That’s emergency savings,” Dean says firmly. “In case somebody needs it.”
I mean it. Like, you look... really good.
So you only felt that way for a few days? The compulsion?
to Sam, who raised an eyebrow and gives a questioning thumbs up. Dean shrugs.
“I know a way out. Just follow me into the garden, in ten minutes past the bridge.” Adam told the green-eyed boy.
“The angels can instruct you what to eat?” Dean asked his companion shocked.
The angel placed his right arm and fist over his heart and bowed deeply in respect. Eremiel had an azure breastplate but did not have the stars on his shoulder like Castiel. The man towered over the other angel, his skinny frame, and lithe body, like a coiled cobra ready to strike fear into any hell beast.
“What!” spluttered John, going a sinister crimson. “Is that all!? The little shit is worthless. He’s a fucking virgin, you know; that must count for something?”
The archangel walked out of the room with his mate to embrace the light and help others.
Dean told Sam and Bobby his news. And what had happened at the agency? His new job and his award and the nest. “I wanted to tell you guys that I asked Cas to marry me.”
“Castiel won’t let us down; we will find your friend.”
The other angels, that were less injured, helped those that needed treatment in the field hospital. Castiel oversaw this and made sure he spoke to each angel before they left. They had lost one hundred angels in the attack, though the effects of the venom were still unknown. Anak summoned replacements from the surrounding areas. They had been no other attacks. It was a little too quiet.
Cain waved when they arrived and told them he’s been watching baby. That he was going on his boat for the day, but he will be back for supper, and they’re welcome to stay. It thrilled Dean, so Michael agrees.
“One, Two, Three.”
’ Castiel thought to himself. The angel then ran to find his mate.
“Your old man was correct, your a stupid, pointless, good for nobody, end it, Dean.” Mirror Dean appeared to shout obscenity’s at the omega like he realised he was losing his hold, that Dean was no longer under his evil spell.
“Don’t worry, honey.”
“Cassie, get your ass down here now.” bellowed Gabriel, eyeing the ceiling of his office.
Dean chuckled. “Angel, when will you get that I love you?” Dean ran away from his alpha. “Catch me if you can.” The omega sang with pure joy and teasing in his approach.
“Your little plan to keep me busy did not work. I found the mole, the one that was, planted there by you. I don’t take kindly to that. Trying to get to the tree, infiltrating my garrison’s, getting to my mate. I will punish ion for his crimes as you will be.”
“Bring Dean back safe, Anna.”
“Thank you for everything, Cam.”
“Hi Dean, why are you avoiding us?” Charlie asked, parking her ass down on a bright pink bean bag.
Dean flew to the Heavenly plains and touched all the injured, healing them instantly, renewing them. He flew down to Lucifer and bowed to his older brother.
“I don’t feel like it Cas.”
Dean beamed at the angel. “Home; I love the sound of that.”
“Was it you that put money into my bank account?”
“Lord, Dean, I’m sorry. I realised I was doing this all wrong. Shit, I thought if I were the top dog then Michael would notice me. And the only time I got his attention…”
Castiel’s present came last. It was a wooden Cedar box, with the Enochian alphabet burnt into it. Dean opened it to find three small oval balls just slightly larger than golf balls. Made of glass from the looks of it, Dean picked the one on his right up first.
Dean peered down and speculated on the sweats and hoodie he was wearing. He knew better than to argue with the angel.
“You don’t leave that to me. I would cherish a brief word with whoever made that abomination downstairs. I’ve not had a good fight in centuries.” Crowley’s eyes flashed red, and he smirked. “Now I have to leave. I will bring word, promptly. Take care of him, angel.” With that, the demon had vanished into a puff of black smoke.
“When we visited,” Cas says. He looks kind of ridiculous, standing there in just his boxers, holding the knife. He sits on the edge of the bed. “Sam took me into his office and told me I needed to be able to protect myself. So he gave me this. But he said that if I lose it, he’ll find it, and then he’ll use it to kill me.”
“You know,” he says, “we’re a couple of idiots.”
“Right,” says Cas, finally looking up. “Sorry.”
“Yeah,” Dean says. And then he says, “Wait. Fuck.”
(smiles)
“Oh,” says Cas. His face falls a bit.
Another beat. Total silence.
Dean bites back a smile.
Dean turns to the first girl, obviously human. “That thing got silver bullets in it?”
Cas raises an eyebrow at him, obviously as delighted by the attention as he is flustered by it.
“I don’t want to be in Sammy’s way,” he tells Cas the night before he moves out. “You know, he’s got his own thing going.”
“Or you could look in the mirror,” Dean says. “Jesus. Not gonna be disrespected in my own house by an infant.”
It’s at a “homelessness support and resolution nonprofit” called Our Place, and the job is “development officer” (whatever any of that means). Cas seems excited about it and Dean doesn’t want to rain on his parade—and at least one of them does need a job, eventually—so he mostly lets Sam handle it. The salary isn’t much, but it would be livable for the two of them for now—and it’s more than Dean has ever imagined making by legal means, which kind of freaks him out. It’s just a weird situation to be in.
“What, do I need to be jealous? Y’all gonna run off together?” He makes a motion with his fingers that looks like a pair of legs running away. It’s almost definitely not sign language but maybe it could be. Eileen just laughs.
Realization dawns on Dean's face. "From the lover to the beloved." He glances at Castiel, horrified: Cas is in danger. Dean put him in danger. He almost drops the gun, but catches himself before he does. Castiel can't look at him.
Oh, hey, Kara! Wow, it's good to hear from you. It's been a while.
“I’m driving,” he says. Dean sulks but doesn’t argue.
“A rose by any other name,” Sam offers, and then reels it back in when Dean sneers at him. Not the time to break out the Shakespeare. “I’m just saying. If you want you can think of it like Cas’s name: Purely legal, purely logistical. Just getting the government off our ass. Hell, I don’t even know if it counts as
“No, Cas,” he starts. He can’t keep making Cas feel worse. “I mean, if you’re hungry, you’re hungry. That’s how it works. We just need to figure out something else for money.”
“Ice,” says Dean. “Just get me some ice.” Stupid, stupid, fucking stupid. First the werewolf and now this. What is he, a fucking Looney Tune? It’s not like Sam is out there post-apocalypse getting his shit totally wrecked on the daily. Then again, Sam just sits at a desk all day. Maybe, he thinks, it isn’t just that Chuck’s plot protection is kaput—maybe Jack is, like, actively doing this. He feels bad as soon as he thinks it. Knows it’s ridiculous. Dean knows he would deserve it if Jack wanted to punish him, but Jack’s too good for that, and besides: hands-off universe-parenting, right?
Cas shuts his book, turns around.
“I… threw up,” he says. “Perhaps I should stay in today.”
In the garage, they each hold their beer bottles in one hand and stuff the other in a pocket, Dean leaning against the wall, Sam against his car. Dean feels acutely aware of his age.
No, I did not
I'm glad he's back. You know, with you, if you died, I don't know if I could survive without you. But with him, it's like - sure, I can survive without him. I just don't want to.
Dean, there's something I need to tell you.
“Oh,” says Cas, looking the tiniest bit disappointed. Dean, meanwhile, is relieved that they don’t have to plaster up their coming out announcement. “You already know. Sam told you?” He looks in minor desperation to Dean, who shrugs.
“Wish you were on the other end of the line,” he says one night. He means it.
, he thinks blithely. It’s so good to be back in a real, comfortable bed after months of motels and a week of hospital bed, and even nicer to be in a real bed with Cas.
“Did you want to die?” he says, expression impenetrable.
“Okay, okay,” he says, sitting down next to Cas on the couch, practically in his lap. There’s not a lot of room. Whatever. “Let’s do it both ways, all right? Same lines but first I say
Dean doesn’t get it, not really—doesn’t get why he doesn’t get to be the best man, walk somebody down the aisle, stand at his brother’s side when he’s marrying the love of his life—but for maybe the first time in his life, he thinks: What’s the point of arguing about this? So he doesn’t. And maybe, possibly, part of him is even relieved. A wedding is—well, it’s a wedding.
Cas softens, bringing a hand up to rub his thumb over Dean’s jaw. Dean can tell he still doesn’t fully get what Dean is going for, but that doesn’t matter. What matters is saying it, and having Cas understand that he’s having a moment here. That he’s digging some stuff up.
“I thought I felt
What?
“What about you?” Cas shoots back. “You’ve crossed your legs ten times. And you’re chewing on the inside of your mouth. You know—if we’re identifying nervous habits.”
“He just gave up a lot of certainty for you. He turned everything upside down, again, just to come be with you.” Sam leans in. “Not us. You.”
“Hey,” Dean says, placing a hand on either side of Cas’s face. “Look at me.” When Cas finally locks eyes with him, he says, “So you did some fucked up stuff. We all have. You don’t have to keep beating yourself up about it. You don’t have to let them beat you up about it either.”
He clamps his hand back over his mouth.
No. I told him I wanna suck his dick.
“She’s good,” says Dean. He knows for a fact; he wouldn’t let her out there if she wasn’t. “You’re sweet for worrying about her, though.”
And so is Trent! You're better off, dear. You learned your lesson.
It tastes good.
A few kisses later, Dean turns off the bed table lamp and rolls over. He feels Cas scoot in closer, his chest pressing against Dean’s back and his face in Dean’s shoulder, an arm woven around Dean’s waist. Cas’s breathing starts to steady and slow, and Dean knows he’s about to fall asleep, but he can’t stop himself from whispering, “Cas?”
Okay, so Dean hadn’t thought hard enough about the implications.
,” Dean says, both false and genuine realization dawning on his face. If Cas is this hungover, there’s a chance he doesn’t remember last night. Dean doesn’t know right now if that would be a good or a bad thing. “How are you?”
“If that’s what you want, Dean, okay. But it’s not. I know it’s not. You love him.”
, he thinks.
“Seriously, man,” he says, giving Dean a look that’s half-pity, half-sincerity. “I told you. It’s no big deal. Cas has done so much for us that this doesn’t even come close to paying it back. And, obviously, you—”
“Maybe not,” Cas rasps, his voice raw—the longer he’s human, the more his voice has seemed to even out to something a little less Batman and a little more Bruce Wayne, but this has him sounding like he hasn’t sounded in years and years.
In the waiting room of the emergency room, Cas holds the hand attached to Dean’s injured arm, stroking at it absentmindedly with his thumb. Eventually, he leans over, conspiratorial, right into Dean’s ear. He whispers, “Good thing we have health insurance.”
Dean.
Cas visibly racks his brain.
Cas frowns.
He kneels there for a second, chest heaving, gasping for breath.
Kara nods and Sam stands to go search the apartment. Castiel puts the tissue box down gently in front of her and follows Sam.
“So I just camp out here in Barbie’s dream house for the rest of my life?”
Okay. So I called Rowena and she can be here tomorrow. But she doesn't have any ideas about fixing it and - and I don't either.
“I know. I know.”
“Yeah, what’s up with him?”
“Changes,” Dean grunts, considering. “For?”
“I cannot believe you guys watch
“Guess that White House blood runs strong,” says Dean, blowing out a loud breath. Rooney is also kind of Jack’s dad, right? He never quite figured that one out. “But—” He pauses, still turning things over in his mind. “So you didn’t have to see all the folks you—you know.” He draws his finger across his neck, clicking his tongue. Cas flinches. “I mean, Sam and I helped with some of that,” Dean says quickly. “Wasn’t just you.”
Dean walks by several times as Cas Googles things like “how to survive job interview” and “can you get fired before you start job.” He keeps telling Cas it’s not going to be that bad, and if it is, he doesn’t want to work there anyway.
“Dean,” he says. “Do you recognize their costumes?”
Thanks, Cas.
She pats him on the shoulder. He stares at her, agape, as she walks away. Then he stares at Cas. Lingers a little bit. Shakes his head and turns around.
Cas turns around, looking only barely confused. He nods so slowly that it’s hard to tell he’s nodding, eyes darting around the room.
“Eileen,” says Cas. “A pleasure.”
Weird?
Just as Dean steps up, he hears Gregory say, “Honey, you’d probably know God’s plan better than I would, but I just don’t think He cares about it very much.”
They’re sent on their way, and Dean spends the whole car ride home complaining about the emergency room: “We sat in the waiting room two hours and talked to a human for ten minutes. Fuckin’ places are useless.”
charm attached to everything I send out.”
“You’re good,” he says. “You’re good, Cas.” He means so many different things.
“Well—Gabriel.” Cas allows himself one little closed-mouth smile. “Jack wanted to get to know him, so we spent some time with him.”
Dean starts to realize there are a lot of things he just has to do. For instance, he has to start hunting again. There’s nothing else for him. He might as well be on the road. And besides, someone needs to be on cleanup duty, mopping up all the monsters left on Earth from the closure of Heaven and Hell. There aren’t that many.
“Oh, congratulations,” Cas says, “what wonderful news,” and he’s standing to embrace Eileen, then Sam, and Dean is about thirty-seven steps behind.
last night,” he says.
“Where’s he live?” Jake says casually from elbow deep in the car’s innards. “Or she. Guess you didn’t say. You just look like a man with a son, I reckon.”
Dean and the bartender both take a second to parse the question.
Later that night, after a few more hours and a few more beers, long after the whole pie is gone, Dean tells Cas he’ll sleep on the couch.
“We’re just travelers passin’ through,” says Dean quickly, holding up a hand in half-dismissal, half-apology. “Probably be gone by tomorrow afternoon.”
“I’m proud of you,” she says. “You’re not the angry guy I used to know. That’s a good thing.”
“Well,” says Eileen carefully, “this may not be the kind of wedding that has a best man.”
coming out of your mouth. Let’s watch a movie, huh?” He rolls over to grab his laptop from the bedside table, but Cas grabs his wrist.
Did you notice anything unusual during your phone call? Did he seem, I don't know, off? Scared? Did he mention any problems?
He leaves and returns a few minutes later with a sandwich and a glass of water, then sits and watches as Cas takes small bites, chews almost unbearably slowly. It’s weird that he could actually watch this forever.
A little token of affection between your two friends.
“Cas is gonna love the truck,” he says, and he turns to head back to his own car, parked on the street. “Have him drive it over for dinner tonight,” he says over his shoulder. “Oh, and tell him he can’t just dump this one on the side of the road when he gets tired of it.”
“Lots of gay people work here,” Dean says, completely powerless to prevent it from coming out of his mouth.
And then, of course, there’s everything else. If by some miracle anybody comes looking for Jimmy, if all Sam’s digging brings any old college friends or anything out of the woodwork, they’ll tell them Jimmy had a major psychotic episode leading to a brain injury over a decade ago and doesn’t remember much about his life before 2009—kind of true, in a way, and somewhat verifiable, given Jimmy’s multiple disappearances and reappearances and medical records listing antipsychotic meds.
(sitting up)
Okay, so get this. A guy spontaneously combusted.
“Such handsome young men,” she says, eyes slightly glazed over, reaching up to pat Dean on the head. “You’re like James Dean! I guess that’s fitting. And Cas is—oh, I don’t know, he’s like Cary Grant. Or Jimmy Stewart. Oh, and his
“You’ve been
“No Home Depot?”
. “Takes after me, unfortunately.”
“I just… I really want to land this,” Cas says. He sighs. “I don’t want to think about job applications anymore.”
He hates to wake Cas up. He really does. But if he doesn’t say it now he won’t say it when he’s sober.
“Cas, anything to share with the class?” Dean says, taking a swig of his beer.
“What do you want?” he repeats, and his eyes bore down over Dean. “Say it.”
“And then there are the regular devout and faithful of Heaven, who are frankly just confused by the whole thing. Millennia of humans who didn’t even realize God wasn’t present until Jack showed up to introduce himself as the new God.”
“Damn,” says Dean. “Must keep him busy.”
He sits up and sees Cas sitting there, as still as Dean’s ever seen him. Suddenly something shifts. He remembers what Sam said a hundred times at the house:
“Hmm,” Cas says, flopping over and throwing an arm over Dean. “I could stand a movie in bed. Something that requires no brainpower, please.”
INT. BUNKER - LIBRARY - NIGHT
“Dean?”
“Welcome to Lawrence!” she says, pulling back and patting Cas’s chest playfully. “For good!”
“Pleasure,” says Isaac, holding out his hand, and Dean shakes it. Finally. A normal handshake between dudes. That he can do. “Cas speaks highly of you, so it’s cool to meet you.”
“He’s not trying to, like, trap you. You know he sees time and stuff a little differently than a regular guy.” When Dean doesn’t answer, he keeps going. “And maybe I shouldn’t say this, but I see literally no reason it shouldn’t be forever, with the shit you guys have gone through together.”
“We’re talking about Dean’s house, Cas,” says Sam. “Did Dean take you through last time you visited?”
“Socialization will be good for you,” he says decisively. Sam would definitely agree. Dean has no legitimate protest besides
have sex more than once—either you hook up once, twice, and never again, or you enter sexless marriage territory. That hadn’t necessarily been the case with Cassie or Lisa. But with Lisa, sex hadn’t been one of the major factors, not the second time around, not after a couple of weeks. It was about that domestic fantasy: about caring and providing for her, for Ben, about the house, about trying to forget what happened to Sam, about slotting himself into the apple pie life whether there was room for him or not. And there wasn’t. Not then. Maybe now. He can hardly let himself think it.
“You can say that again,” is all Dean can say to that. Right. That’s the backstory they decided on for Cas. Not too far from the truth, all things considered. Cas just nods, like he and Gregory have had this conversation before.
“I suppose that does make sense,” Cas says. He looks to Dean again, who nods.
BLACKOUT.
Cas swallows his food. “Well,” he says, “we’ll probably have sex.”
Cas turns a second too slowly. As the figure steps inside, Dean sees it’s wearing a plaid button-up, jeans, a belt with a massive buckle. One of the rancher vampires. The vampire grabs Cas by the shoulders, snarling in his face, and Cas raises his hand, grabs the guy’s forehead to smite him. Everyone freezes. Nothing happens. The vampire tosses him aside like an empty burger wrapper, and he crumples on the floor.
Dean has never been asked that before. As his field of vision gets a little darker around the edges, he decides Cas is right. There’s no reason to lie now. No reason to pretend.
And we...
Okay, lady, we can do this the easy way or the hard way. Easy way, you tell me how to break the curse and then I shoot you. Hard way is I shoot you and we figure out how to break the curse some other way.
Dean feels his heart break straight down the middle. Of course he had to go and be an asshole to Cas about the health insurance shit. It’s like he has a sixth sense for the things Cas is sensitive about but only enough to make fun of them thoughtlessly.
He notices that Cas is wearing one of his t-shirts tucked into his jeans. A good shirt, too.
“There’s real cheese in the world, dude.”
He kicks the door with full force once, twice. It swings open.
out of his ears, “special… special friend?”
Oh no.
Cas clears his throat, says in his gravest voice: “The needs of the many outweigh… the needs of the few… or the one.”
,” he says, “you wanna head over to Sam’s and see what kind of paperwork he can do you for?”
,” Dean says. Cas tilts his head. “Never mind. Look, I—I wanted all that. Believe it or not, I loved that. So don’t feel bad. That’s crazy.”
“That’s not what I—I’m not saying you don’t deserve to be happy. I’m just saying that for somebody like Cas, maybe you need to work a little harder to deserve it.”
“Hey,” said Dean, grabbing Cas’s shoulder. He thought about his handprint. He thought about the jacket he wore the last time he saw Cas—how it was still folded up in a closet in Sam’s house, how he couldn’t bear to bring it to the new house. “You just got back. I’m not letting you go anywhere.”
“Is this—” Cas says against his mouth. “Can I—”
“I think we go to sleep.” Cas’s voice is quiet and sleepy, vibrating right next to his ear.
Cas blinks awake, clearing his throat and pulling his shoulders back. Dean smiles, tries to hide that he’s smiling.
“You do.” Sam pushes off the car, moves toward Dean, a reassuring hand falling on his shoulder. Dean rolls his eyes. “It’s here.”
Sam walks in, mug in hand.
Cas was dressed and ready to go ten minutes ago, in a blue short-sleeve button-up that makes Dean’s brain feel like it’s trying to calculate a complex yet sexy mathematical problem, so Dean finally just picks a shirt and puts his nice jacket on over it, hopes it’s good enough for whatever this place is. He’s sure Sam will tell him as soon as he walks in the door if it’s not good enough.
“I don’t have any money,” he says.
“Come on,” says Sam. “It’s not that bad. Yeah, nobody’s lived in it for a while, and yeah, it’s a fixer-upper, but it’s got good bones and it’s in a solid neighborhood. Plus it was paid off fifty years ago.”
“Like, being sick?” Dean says, concern mounting in the back of his head. “What are you talking about?”
“What? Me?” Dean scoffs unconvincingly. “I’m fine.”
, he realizes. And maybe Sam wasn’t wrong. It wouldn’t be the first time.
“No, that’s not—I’ve literally said a million times, it’s not mooching, it doesn’t matter to us. We’re good to help, we don’t need to be paid back, and we can still make it fine without breaking into the fund. But things are…”
“She’s good,” Claire says. “I talked to her yesterday.”
“Speak for yourself,” says Cas, twirling pasta around his fork. “I’m highly employable.”
“I’m sure there’s a way to change my legal name,” Cas says. He puts his chin in his hands, gazes off into the distance. “Imagine. Me. Legally named.”
Cas just stands there, rubbing Dean’s arm for a moment. Then he leans in slowly, as if to ask permission, and Dean closes the distance. A real kiss in public, during the day, where people they know could theoretically see them. Nobody’s around, sure, but it feels like a mile marker—something they’ve been working towards.
Hell yeah.
“I wasn’t ready,” Cas says plainly. “I wasn’t ready to face you.”
“Good 24-hour vacation from the hunt, Cas?” Sam says. Cas laughs.
“Ah, come on,” he says. “Country folk love to drink and the liquor stores down here are sparse. There’s gotta be a good bar around here somewhere.”
“What the fuck is that?” says Sam, gesturing broadly towards the door.
She holds up her hand. Dean whistles.
“You thought—” He rolls over too, their faces inches apart. “Man. What a pair we are, huh.”
Sam shrugs.
“Grown,” Dean grunts, his brain in an almost complete state of bluescreen. This is almost worse than the Cas conversation. One thought pushes to the front of his brain:
Dean, you keep saying that. Can't what?
He collects the laundry in a trash bag while Cas gets back into bed, fully clothed, yet again.
Sam nods, satisfied. He knows that means he’s won.
family.” He clears his throat loudly and throws Dean a desperate look, Eileen’s eyes vacillating between them.
“James,” says Dean. “Cas James Novak.”
I can't risk messing it up. I can't risk losing you. Not again.
. He wants to say that Cas must not know him very well, then, because he’s not any of those things. But Cas knows him better than anyone else at this point—has for a long time—and he doesn’t lie, not about things like this. So Dean just rolls over onto his side, lets Cas press up against his back and keep kissing his skin.
First, Dean almost says
“Hey, okay. You can have that one.”
The next thing he knows—mindless TV-binging works wonders, always has—it’s past five and he hears a car door shut outside. For a brief, panicked moment, he thinks he must have left Cas hanging at the office; then he remembers Sam was supposed to pick him up anyway. They’ve really gotta get Cas a car again.
“Really, I’m not picky, Dean,” Cas says that evening in bed, as Dean scrolls relentlessly through Craigslist car listings. He snuggles up, worms an arm around Dean in a way Dean knows means
“Vampires?” Cas blinks once, tilts his head. Dean feels an ache in his chest. He missed that head tilt.
A couple hours later, Dean has told all the good road stories from the last go-around. They’re sitting around the dinner table, each with a beer in hand, all laughing, relieved to be together. It’s been a long time since Cas has been around for moments like this. Even before he left, it had been a long time since they were a family. Dean keeps thinking maybe it’s not real—that Cas isn’t real, or maybe Dean is the one who isn’t real, that it’ll all fade away any moment, and there’s nothing he could do to stop it. That that’s his punishment for ever letting Cas go.
I never would have told you. I never would have done anything about it. I would have let it die with me. Wish I still could.
Dean nods carefully. “Took some adjusting for me too.”
big of a nerd, even though he probably is, but Cas is already knocking on another door.
Dean blinks at him, then shakes his head. “Yeah, well,” he says. “My dream was an extra special dream caused by a Djinn.”
“Absolutely not,” Dean says. “You stay here, okay? You stay here with Eileen and you take care of each other. I’ll be all right on my own. I don’t need taking care of.” He smiles, then stops when Sam doesn’t smile back.
This isn’t what Dean means to say next, but it is what he says next: “But why didn’t he give it to me?” Embarrassing.
Cas stares down into his drink, wide-eyed.
. Not getting a sex therapy degree. Jesus.”
“Well, shit,” says Sam, “guess that story we concocted really worked. Now you just gotta keep it up.”
It looks like Sam might say something as Dean is getting up, but he doesn’t. He turns back to Cas and asks, “Middle name?”
“Are you done?”
“It’s—”
“See you then,” says Dean, and Sam is already grabbing his shoulder, shaking him a little.
“I didn’t either,” he says. “Though I did meet him once in Heaven. A kind man.”
Sam and Dean approach Kara's door. Castiel isn't far behind. Dean visibly tenses as he gets closer.
“Hey. No worries.” Dean pats him on the knee. “For your first real cold, I think you’re doing great, all things considered. You got a lot goin’ on.”
He turns on his heel. “What?”
“Molecule-y,” Dean repeats incredulously. “All right, Bill Nye. Well, the menu here’s probably not too big, so I say maybe you go with a rum and Coke to be safe. You’ll probably like that. It’s a baby drink.”
“Hey,” Dean says, putting a hand on Cas’s cheek, gently turning Cas’s face towards him. “You’re gonna do great, okay? They’re gonna love you. And if they don’t, fuck ‘em.” He smiles, gives Cas a quick kiss on the lips. “Now go get that job.”
Dean turns around, heads to check on Kara. Castiel sits down in the chair, head in hands.
“I’m drunk, okay?” Dean huffs. “Normally I’m good at the—you know. Unbuttoning. Unhooking. Unzipping.”
CLOSE ON DEAN'S HAND as he reaches into his pocket, takes out the penny, fidgets with it a little, and puts it back.
He removes the glass from Cas’s hand and places it on the nearest table—puts one arm around Cas’s waist and grabs his hand in the other, ballroom dancing-style, sways them both back and forth. Cas looks the happiest Dean has ever seen him, mouth still opening in a grinning laugh, his big eyes all crinkled up. Dean throws him out for another spin.
“He… he went to Home Depot.”
Dean thinks.
Sam nods and nods, looking around the garage.
“No idea,” he says. His instincts say to grab a gun before he opens the door. He’s trying to get past that. Maybe he shouldn’t be. He’s not sure yet. For now, he swallows the impulse, heads to the door, puts his hand on the handle. Only hesitates for a moment before turning it.
“Oh, I believe it.”
“Not really,” Cas says. He looks more contemplative than sad. “It’s more that he gives a sense of his presence.”
Oh. Right.
. “You sure about that, son?”
is an idiom that should be taken so seriously.”
“Fuck me,” Dean says, breathless. “Please fuck me.” He tugs at Cas’s shirt, trying to pull it off as quickly as possible. Cas bows a little to assist him, and when the shirt has been tossed aside somewhere to be found later, Cas smiles a lopsided smile, his hair all fucked up, and he’s the most beautiful thing Dean has ever seen, the turned-off ceiling fan light fixture a dim halo above his head, and Dean wants to feel him, inside, right now.
A beat. Castiel turns around slowly. They stare at each other, both confused and a little mortified and... also something else.
“And eat your fuckin’ lunch,” Dean says, popping his head out the window.
“Yes sir,” Dean says, jamming his hands in his pockets, not sure if he should be laughing or nervous about what this guy senses between them.
Castiel really doesn't want to say it out loud. But he has to.
“I don’t need that,” Cas says, very seriously.
“You know, I still don’t understand why they call it ‘downtown,’” Cas says, distracted. “I’ve lost my innate sense for the cardinal directions since becoming a human, but
EXT. BUNKER - DRIVEWAY - DAY
“I’ve tried,” Dean says, laughing. “Believe me.”
“I’m working in homelessness outreach and prevention,” he says, the phrasing obviously rehearsed.
“I can make a list of my marketable skills, but I’m not sure I have many.”
Now that sounds like an idea.
... And that's all?
“Please,” he tries, rough and ragged, so turned on his vision is starting to go a little fuzzy as Cas trails his fingers across the waistband of Dean’s boxers, from one hip to the other.
“It isn’t your fault.” Cas puts the sandwich down directly onto the bed instead of onto the plate, barely noticing when Dean reaches over, confounded, to put it where it belongs. “Just comes with the territory. I chose this.”
“Yes,” says Cas, a bit too loudly and quickly. Eileen sucks a smile back into her teeth.
“How’s it going?” he asks, barely hiding his amusement.
a job,” Cas says plainly, and for a second his tone strikes fear into Dean’s heart. But Cas is side-eyeing him in the way Cas does, three-quarters serious and one-quarter playful, eyes shining, head tilted slightly Dean’s way. Dean laughs and it’s also a sigh of relief.
“How were you supporting yourself? Men of Letters funds?”
is Baby. For you? A mere term of endearment.”
“Conse—” Dean stops, gathers himself. This hurts in places he’d almost forgotten existed. The line of thinking checks out, he supposes, given Cas’s upbringing—not to mention everything Dean put him through—but for a sandwich? He moves the hand on Cas’s chin to his jaw, strokes the side of Cas’s face with his thumb for a second, just looking at him. “Cas, angel, you don’t need to do that, okay? You don’t have to punish yourself for stuff like that. Just fuckin’—text me and I’ll bring you the lunch. Or I’ll take you out. Or just go buy something, just—no point in punishing yourself for shit that doesn’t matter, okay?”
They both sit and think about that for a while. Dean wants to say something but everything he thinks feels sour and wrong. He wants to be able to say,
“Well,” he says, the tense cloud of anger in his line of vision finally parting, just slightly, “I guess you’d be a pretty shitty brother.”
“I’m really happy for y’all,” he says, looking her right in the eyes. “I am.”
“After we fought, I—” Dean can barely understand the sound of his own voice, so thick with tears and medication and fighting through the pain. “I thought you wouldn’t want to come back with me. Back home. I thought you’d hate me.”
Sam stands. Castiel continues untying Kara. Dean points his gun at Marjorie, who stands haughty and cool across the room.
weird, dude. Y’all’s whole thing is just being weird at each other.”
Not a scratch. It was on the table, right here.
Maybe you too. Hell, I do too, some of the time. Most of the time.
for maybe the four hundredth time in his life and at least the fifth time in Cas’s, left to talk about. He looks down at Cas, curled up warm and sleepy against him, coughing sort of tragically every few minutes, and Dean’s in love, more than ever, and he realizes for the first time that he will never, never know everything about Cas. It’s impossible. And that’s okay, maybe, mostly. But they can try. They can keep trying. They’ll figure it out.
“Yeah,” Dean says again.
“It’s a three hour drive,” Dean says, over and over. “I’ll be fine. Besides, I’ve bled all over that car and she always gets me where I need to go. Jesus, you forget about all that?”
“You’re trying,” Cas says, so softly, and that’s all there is to it. He’s right. Dean is trying. It feels weird to admit and even weirder to have it acknowledged out loud. It’s not like he wasn’t trying before—he’s been trying so hard his whole life, trying so, so hard. He’s just trying different things now.
Cas perks up, which Dean is fascinated to see.
“Oh, hey,” says Sam, “I didn’t know you guys were coming over.” Then he peeks out the door and glances around. “Where’s Cas?”
Sam herds a traumatized and confounded Kara back to her bedroom. He looks over his shoulder once.
As much as Dean doesn’t want to admit it, Sam is right. Most of the year Cas was gone, Dean was useless. A mess. Sleeping all day, drinking all night. Driving and driving and coming back way too late. Hiding under the sheets, an unceasing, unintelligible litany of
“You are,” he starts, trying to choose his words carefully but knowing they’re going to fail him anyway, “basically the most important person in my life. It’s you and Sam. The fact that you’re here means everything to me. And I wish I didn’t have such a hard time showing it. I wish I could wake up every day and treat you how you deserve to be treated. And I’m—I’m working on it. I am. Because I meant it when I said I would do anything to keep you here. I need you. I just can’t buy that you would still need me after everything I put you through, you know? I keep pulling shit like this and you keep coming back for me. And I—” He stops to look up at Cas, who is staring at him with surprised but cautious adoration, and he feels even worse for a second, but then he leans forward to cup Cas’s jaw in his hand. “You are so full of
There’s a tap on his shoulder.
“You’re recovering,” says Sam. He turns to lift his eyebrows at Dean, places his hands squarely on the counter. “You need nutrients, not extra cholesterol. And after what they said about your blood pressure?” Sam shakes his head. “You’re lucky I don’t put you on a meal plan myself.”
(also: cw for mention of suicidal ideation)
“Hello?” he says, hopping out of the truck as Sam pulls the Impala in behind him.
“You’re being very vague,” says Cas.
“Anyway,” Cas says, gesturing around, “this is where I generally keep my lunch, when I don’t forget it.” He gives Dean a quick smooch, since no one is around, and Dean feels the small tide of shame simultaneously with the thrill of getting away with something. “Thank you again, Dean.”
“Oh, you’re
love it?” Maybe he’s accidentally giving off the wrong impression, he thinks—maybe his nerves are coming off like disinterest, like displeasure. It’s not that. It’s definitely not that. And he doesn’t want to make Cas feel unwanted. But he also doesn’t want to talk about it; he just wants to do it.
“Is this allergies?”
Mostly they just look like they’re wearing regular clothes, but Emily has her blonde hair pulled back, and Safiya is wearing a string of pearls.
After that, a veil is lifted, and it occurs to Dean that he can go visit Cas at work on their lunch breaks, and vice versa. It doesn’t matter if anyone sees him. They can say
“Comin’ right up,” the guy says. He’s of moderate height, kind of thin and bony but broad-shouldered, a balding redhead with stubble and glasses. When he passes them the cans and glasses, he says, “Y’all new around here?”
“You sure you wanna go that route? Ol’ Novak’s probably presumed dead. Rightfully so. Might be weird if he suddenly showed back up.”
seen you dance.”
Cas, buddy, you good in there?
“I might like to try something else,” he says thoughtfully.
“Gunshot,” Cas says. Dean holds a finger up to his lips, then holds out his arm in front of Cas, steps out in front of him.
The next thing Dean knows they’re kissing again, drawn together as quickly as magnets. He doesn’t remember their faces getting any closer together but now here they are, his mouth on Cas’s mouth, both his arms wrapping around Cas’s shoulders, Cas’s hands on his waist. He puts a hand on the back of Cas’s head, pulling him in, as close as he can get him. The electrocution feeling from the first time they kissed rears its head again, buzzing in the back of his neck.
“Just hang on, okay? Let me go back in the car and… Get it. But you have to promise me—” He points up at Sam. “You have to promise me you’re not going to freak out.”
“I wasn’t there. I was listening but I wasn’t there in front of you.” He drops his hand and Dean pulls his away slowly. “Dean, you have to learn to tell me what you’re thinking when I’m here. You can’t pray to me anymore. I won’t be able to hear you.”
“It’s perfect,” says Cas, lounging back on it as if they’re not still in the store. Dean yanks him to his feet.
On Dean, on the edge of his seat. On Castiel, confounded.
“He comes from a religious family.” Dean interrupts, squeezing Cas’s shoulder. Again, not a total lie. Maybe this just isn’t the time or place to be sharing full names. “Real whack-a-doo fundamentalist types. We don’t really like to talk about it.”
Cas nods, smirking.
(starts to say something, then switches gears)
Certainly a tempting bargain.
“You better,” Dean says, smirking in relief, brushing Cas’s hair, just a little too long again, away from his forehead.
“Uh huh,” says Gregory. He sits back in his desk chair. “Well, I say this to Cas all the time, but the offer stands to you as well, Dean: If you two ever feel lacking in community, I’m happy to help however I can.”
Dean notices something on the ground. He leans down to pick it up.
Dean, is there any chance you have - you know. An admirer out there somewhere? Any of the girls you've hooked up with?
Cas coughs another gross, hacking cough and Dean thinks he should probably be disgusted, but mostly it just makes him want to serve at Cas’s beck and incredibly hoarse call.
Ren just laughs, takes a swig of their drink. “Are you serious? Old dudes are the prized demographic of SDCC. You’d fit right in.” They give him an appraising look. “Besides, you’re not that old.”
Yeah, I figured that out.
“Oh, this is a classic,” Dean says. “You know this one?”
“All good,” Dean says. He points to Cas’s almost empty glass. “You want another?”
“While we’re sharing, uh, difficult news—” Sam says abruptly, and then he stops, swallows hard. Oh boy. “I think I’m gonna take Eileen’s last name.”
She says: “You know, Dean, my husband and I will be hosting a Halloween party for the team soon, partners are welcome, and we would love it if Cas brought you along.”
“Yeah, well, you—uh. You look like a huge dweeb,” Dean says, and he feels a blush rising up his cheeks. Cas looks very cute.
Sam lets it go. He heads off to roll up the carpet, and Dean returns to drywalling. A few hours later, there’s no carpet left in the house—just those really nice hardwood floors. They’ve just cracked open some celebratory beers—Dean is finally off his pain meds—when they hear Eileen’s car pulling into the driveway.
Sam takes his hand out of his pocket, crosses his arms. “It doesn’t have to be.”
miss him. I thought you had stopped caring.”
I want this. I want this, forever, but I can't.
Dean looks Cas right in the face. Sometimes it’s hard to tell when he’s kidding, or trying to kid, but this he means.
More silence. The coffee machine bubbles, then clicks. Dean pours into two paper cups from the stack on the motel desk.
looping in his head under his blaring headphones. When he finally moved into the Campbell house, Sam had obviously looked for easy improvement that didn’t come; and when he decided to hunt, Dean is just now starting to understand, Sam only let him go because he thought it was the last resort.
Dean realizes he’s shaking. He doesn’t want to be shaking.
“You did,” says Sam, and before he knows what’s going on, Sam has him wrapped in a tight hug. “I’m here, aren’t I? You did your job. We’re both middle-aged and alive. Now take a fucking break.”
“You can come and meet me in the garden, and we can leave together,” Cam told Joe, Harry and Adam.
“Move Cas, please.” Dean gasps at the gentle intrusion.
“And so, they shall make this bond,” Michael spoke with obvious reverence in his voice.
“Keep going Charlie, these things are unholy, and that prayer will help me kill it.”
Castiel did something he had not done since he was a fledgeling. He gathered his older brother into his arms.“Thank you, Gabey, I love you.”
“Yes brother, he’s always loved you. This clue, you must figure it out for yourself. He’s not keeping anything back from you, Castiel. Dean can’t physically tell you.”
“Mmm never saw her be nice to anyone, to be honest with you. Anyway, I hope you get back home. If not, you can stay here. No alpha or beta can get into the hotel.”
Jody cleared her throat. “John Winchester, I’m here today because of the abuse of your son Dean Aaron Winchester.”
Dean glances down and grins. “You think so?”
“Yes, they enlisted when they found out about the impending war. They have been out of the agency for a couple of years. Marcus teaches physical education at a high school, and Isaac is a kindergarten teacher. They’re mated to the twins.”
Graduation and they all helped to make it happen. Dean and Charlie get a surprise. Castiel tries and talks to Dean but he won't have it. Castiel gets a shock himself.
Thanks for your love, support and amazing comments. xxx
Castiel kissed the back of his neck, caressing the skin there. “I have been a warrior, fought wars, seeking the truth. I had no time to locate a mate. I was not interested in what humans called dating. Sweetheart, this is new to me. Let’s work on this together, whatever seems natural.”
“Mom, it worried me,”
“Sorry, we are late Castiel, I had a woman’s issue,” Mertha told him. The commander turned crimson and stammered, saying he was going to get them drinks.
There is an almighty bang, and Castiel comes hurtling through the doors. He glares at Dean and observes that he’s injured but does nothing. When Castiel does not heal him, Deans heart drops that’s a point against the angel. No matter what, even if you’re pissed with your mate, sick or injured, never leave them untreated,”
“I know Char, just; I will miss you,” Dean stated sombrely.
“Take care Dean.” the angel waved, and the omega walked to the elevators.
“Well, you won’t again. The commander’s the only one. Now leave I have work. Nice to meet you, Dean, I think we will discover great things from you.” then the angel turns and starts tapping on her computer.
“I need to cook, and everyone has to keep their lips buttoned. Operation get Dean bonded is in progress.”
Dean runs his fingers over his handprint on his angel’s chest. In the centre, there are wings and a sword.
“Go help Joe, in the cinema.”
“Charlie, what the hell?” shouted Dean in disgust, scrunching his nose up.
The bats circled upwards around the roof of the cavern. The strange blue light of the stalactites, sending their shadows cascading over the waiting battalion below. In a frenzy, the bats collided with each other. Their high pitch screams were making the most sensitive ears ache with pain.
