‘Good…’
Karen inhaled sharply and glared. There was a demon in her house. A demon standing on
you, then the cuff will stay in place,' Gabriel explained.
Gabriel shook his head as he looked away. ‘Fishboy’s gonna
‘Don’t you fucking touch him,’ Dean growled as he pulled himself up. He positioned himself over Castiel’s lap and stretched his spines as far as he could. He kept his fins down, but held them spread out across the water.
‘Maybe tomorrow night?’ Sam replied. ‘It sounds like he has to sort things out with Crowley first, and then everything will work out.’
guys had bound us,’ he replied. ‘I should have made the connection. I knew the Winchester name, but…you weren’t what I was expecting.’
Dean frowned at the prospect. ‘I don’t think he’d do that. Sure, he’s really into exploring my body right now, and he’s got lots of questions, but… No. He wouldn’t do that. He’s my
Castiel felt his face heat up. How could Balthazar know? How could
Dean nodded happily and set the book back down. He watched as Sam pulled out a laptop much like the one he had seen Castiel use. ‘What
.-.-.-.-.
Dean stared at Castiel in shock. His vision had just been flooded with the sight of the angel propped upside down against a wall, framed by black feathers, sucking his own cock. There was no way. His mouth went dry as Castiel held his gaze, a dim glow behind them. ‘Was…w-was that…,’ he swallowed as Castiel moaned and flicked his wings, ‘…real?’
'Karen? Nah, she's nice,' Gabriel assured. 'She likes everyone.'
‘Uh… Do you remember when you were interning? And you found…er…Sally? Hung herself?’ Gabriel asked.
hasn’t!’ Gabriel shouted from the hallway.
Castiel shifted in his seat and looked away. ‘I…didn’t think we would be having this conversation so soon…,’ he softly replied. He bit his lip as he listened to Dean tapping his finger on the table. After a minute of silence, he looked up to find Dean staring at him with an unreadable expression. He tried to figure out what was going on in Dean’s head through the link, but he could only pick up on the fear and aggravation. He looked away and began picking at his sleeve. Dean hadn’t given him much time to think about how he would approach the matter. He felt Dean’s irritation spike.
‘That poor boy is under so much stress right now,’ Karen replied as she took Anna by the elbow and lead her to the table. ‘I think we can permit him to miss a meal or two.’ She pulled out a chair and crossed her arms, staring expectantly at Anna.
‘Jimmy.’
He opened the envelope and peeked inside. He frowned as he tugged out a photograph. It took him a moment to realize who it was. It was a photo of him sitting on a bench, eating lunch in front of the agency’s main building. He turned it over to find very precise handwriting declaring what he was eating. He dumped the rest of the photographs onto the bed and stared at countless pictures of himself. Most were of him in public spaces, but there were a few where he was changing. One was of him pulling his shirt over his head. Little hearts were drawn around him and an arrow pointed at his abs.
‘I taught yoga?’ Castiel quickly cast his eyes downward and stared at the table. ‘At least…that’s what I labeled it as on the community board… It was more like I was teaching the Kama Sutra… People… People like a regularly scheduled orgy?’
Sam stifled a laugh. The more the film crew referred to the ‘sea serpent’ as female, the harder it was for him to keep a straight face. ‘Yeah, I’ve seen them around,’ he replied.
‘I’m so sorry,’ Charlie said, laying a hand on Sam’s arm. ‘That’s why you left, isn’t it?’
‘Nothing. It’s just…you. You’re having a breakdown, and you’re more concerned about my tail being straight,’ Dean said as he twisted around to look up at Castiel.
still blushing.
,’ Charlie said before biting into the fish’s belly.
.-.-.-.-.
Dean squeaked out his regret and touched Sam’s shoulder lightly as he followed Charlie out the kitchen door.
There was a soft cough from behind him, and he looked over his shoulder.
‘So…why is the whip necessary?’ Castiel asked.
‘I was walking home…in drag…when I was assaulted by a group of men,’ he said slowly, running his fingers up and down the stem of the wine glass. ‘I fought back and caused a fair bit of damage by the time the cops showed up. They arrested everyone and did not bother to hide their…opinions of me. They shattered my elbow and dislocated my shoulder, but not before using every derogatory term they knew and a few…colorful threats.’ He paused and smiled bitterly at the wine glass. ‘The group that assaulted me took a plea bargain for acting as witnesses at the trial.’
Dean threw Gabriel a glare as he bit into his burger.
Crowley made a disgusted face. ‘How sentimental.’
said “Not in this lifetime, Smurfette,” and you know what he did?'
‘Something wrong with that?’ Dean asked as he ran his hand through Castiel’s hair. He kissed the top of Castiel’s head. He was truly enjoying the casual nature of human kissing. There was just one problem. His nose scrunched at the smell of Castiel’s hair. There was a sweetness there that he didn’t particularly care for. Was this what that ‘shampoo’ stuff smelled like? He already didn’t like the soap Castiel was using, and it took forever to rinse it off his hands. He knew there was soap that smelled okay, but was there shampoo?
‘Sea dragon, huh?’ Sam asked as he set down a carafe of orange juice. He glanced at Charlie, who grinned widely and nodded. If she was relaxed about it, then maybe it was okay.
Jimmy clenched his eyes shut and shook his head. ‘Just leave it.’ His eyes flew open, and he gasped when Dean’s arm shifted. He groaned as Dean cupped his cheek and kissed him gently. As nice as the kiss felt, he would rather be choked. At least he knew how to deal with being choked. He reached up to run his hand through Dean’s hair.
Gabriel watched as Castiel packed. ‘It’s not that bad,’ he said, wincing as Castiel slammed a dresser drawer shut.
‘What does your diet consist of?’
‘And, given the chance, I could be
Just behind Jo, and older woman paced back and forth, a phone pressed to her ear. She began shouting, and the camera zoomed in as Jo turned to look. ‘Mom, shh!!’
'C-Cas! He—!' Gabriel stared at the cuff on his brother's wrist. 'You just couldn't resist, could you?' he asked numbly.
Gabriel rubbed Castiel’s back soothingly. ‘Hey…you’re doing me a big favor here,’ he said. ‘If…if this really does ruin your career, then…I’ll take care of you. Your horoscope said good things are coming.’
Dean shook his head, wiping his mouth with his hand. ‘Tombstone?’
Castiel stood on the porch for a few minutes, examining his surroundings. Everything looked fine. He stepped through the doorway and frowned. Everything
Sam laughed softly and moved so that he was leaning over the side of the tub in front of Gabriel. He wrapped his tail behind him and let it drape over his shoulder. ‘I’ve had girlfriends and boyfriends that were human, but I never told them. And I…I had a mate once, but…she’s gone now.’
Castiel tilted his head in question.
‘Yeah…uh… Everything’ll be all right. Eventually,’ Gabriel replied. He relaxed when he saw Samandriel enter the dining room, looking over his shoulder in confusion.
'It tastes fine. What'd you use for a sub?'
‘Fuck,’ Sam muttered. ‘How the hell did you find me, you idiot?’ He asked a more polite version of his question with quiet clicks and whines.
Gabriel came up behind him and rubbed his shoulders. ‘Hey…you’ll figure it out. It’s an old spell,’ he said soothingly. ‘It’s had
Dean was confused. ‘That’s…nice?’
there because of us. With all these angels running around, maybe he was in town for a family reunion.'
‘So which ones to we need to take out?’ Dean asked, leaning over the table. ‘Looks like it’s by floor…’ He glanced up at Crowley and received a nod.
‘You know how he found me at the theatre in town?’ At Dean’s nod, she continued. ‘I was there
good.’
'Can I see your wings? I might not get another chance to see an angel's wings.'
Gabriel yelped as Sam squeezed his ass. Ginning widely, he giggled and leaned forward to kiss Sam. He clutched tightly to Sam’s shirt as he felt them start to tip over. Sam grunted beneath him as they hit the floor. ‘Sorry,’ he said with a breathless laugh.
‘Stronger than this one,’ Castiel said. He began to raise his left wrist then placed it back in his lap before raising his right.
‘I…don’t think so,’ Sam said slowly. ‘She seemed pretty shocked to see me, and she didn’t even hint at what we are.’
‘Yeah,’ Gabriel quietly replied. ‘I didn’t fake it. I swear! I was in Bora Bora, doin’ some preliminary photos for the show. I didn’t even think it was something weird when I took the picture. Thought a shark was swimming by or something. And that’s not the only one…but it’s the clearest photo I got.’
‘Oh! Is that the Kali closet?’ Balthazar asked with a wide grin. ‘She get you on your back?’
need to know… I mean, I’d like to know what name I should be shouting when I think of you later.’
‘Cas? You okay?’ Dean asked.
to be family. Parent, sibling…or child. Any further, and they don’t bother.’
Dean and Sam stared in awe.
Heaven no longer cared. His Father no longer cared.
Castiel’s shoulders slumped as he stared forlornly at the top of the box. He knew he didn’t have the best handwriting in the world, but he didn’t think it was
There was a loud, ratcheting click over the phone. ‘Crowley?’
‘Surveillance and blackmail are the
‘Is that so bad?’
offered!’ Dean retorted, crossing his arms.
‘I know Benny,’ Castiel replied, looking over his shoulder at Dean.
that?’ he asked. ‘Cas has one, too. It had pictures on it.’
A fin of alternating darker and light violet skimmed the surface of the water just in front of him. ‘No way…’ Sam looked around, making certain no one was around before kneeling down on the edge of the wooden pier. He sent out a series of soft, dolphin-like clicks, and a grinning face poked out of the water.
‘Why? She threaten to tie you up and spank you?’ Anna asked.
Dean gave Castiel a worried look. ‘One week?’
‘Wow… You
Sam looked up from the book he was reading when heard the door open. He smiled as Bobby struggled to open the door and maneuver an armload of bags inside. He set his book down as he came out from behind the main desk. ‘Need some help?’ he asked.
Dean put the hood down and faced Castiel. ‘Here, gimme the keys, and I’ll see what’s up.’ He held out his hand and waited.
Castiel sighed as he watched Dean. When Dean turned to face him with a bright grin, he couldn’t stop the smile that surfaced. He could do this. He wasn’t
‘I think we were looking at about a week or so? I have a few loose ends to tie up, and Rod’s got a lecture at the college in a few days,’ Jody replied. ‘Oh, and Cas?’
‘That…that actually explains the ending…,’ Balthazar said quietly, looking away.
Sam took Gabriel into arms as the angel broke down into quiet sobs. ‘We’ll figure it out,’ he said, stroking Gabriel’s hair.
Castiel stared at Balthazar with a stiff smile plastered on his face. ‘Yes,’ he weakly replied. ‘That certainly explains why they uh…like me.’
.-.-.-.-.
Gabriel shifted uncomfortably. ‘Yeah… Um… So uh…where are you gonna stay?’ he asked, eager to change the subject. He wasn’t sure what made him more uncomfortable: talk of his brother cheating, or the fact that Castiel didn’t feel any guilt.
‘Yes, it is! Could you
Sam nodded as he got to his feet. ‘Stay out of the lagoon. Especially during the day.’
Dean had a slightly goofy smile as he spoke to her. Castiel panicked. He needed to get Dean’s attention, and quick, so he thought of something that would be sure to work. He threw everything he had into the link he shared with Dean and was rewarded.
Seraphiel wasn't expecting it when it happened. A no account angel swooped in and grabbed him. Why was he being dragged from Hell? Did they find out? Would he face an even worse punishment? Had his Father finally looked upon and decided enough was enough? Why now? Did He find out Seraphiel was interfering with 'The Plan?' He struggled hard, but the lowly angel held tight.
Sam shook his head, bewildered. ‘Why are you here,’ he asked.
‘Depends on how you look at it,’ Gabriel replied as he leaned back. ‘Good in that there’s actually something here. Bad in that there is
Dean found Castiel sitting at the kitchen table, frowning at his eggs.
Castiel shyly curved his wings forward and trailed his hands over his chest and down his stomach. He moaned as his fingers brushed the base of his cock. He raised his knees and spread his thighs, watching how Dean’s eyes followed his hands. Through the link, he could feel how turned on Dean was, and it was driving him crazy. He wanted Dean to feel the same way. To want him more than anything else. He sent an image along the link and slowly licked his lips as Dean’s eyes shot up to meet his.
‘How’s that any different from me an’ Sam? And Jo?’
Dean slumped forward a little. ‘Tell me about it!’ He jabbed at the potato a little more harshly than he should have. ‘And there’s almost no information on it, either! I had to dissect the damn spells myself. I can’t believe no one’s ever tried changing it before.’
‘Would you be satisfied to simply call for help if you saw a monster in an alley? Not go after it yourself?’
Gabriel sighed and looked away. ‘Whatever it is, it’s real. And that’s…that’s fucking
‘She wants to take over my project!’ Castiel pointed out. ‘She’s been looking for any excuse to get me out of the program!’
Sam reached down and petted Gabriel’s wings, earning a soft moan. ‘It’ll all work out. I won’t let them take you. And Dean’s stubborn and head over heels for Cas.’
Balthazar reached over and touched Castiel’s cuff. ‘He doesn’t know, does he?’
Castiel nodded, pushing off the doorjamb and taking the empty chair next to Dean. ‘Yes. Everything is…sorted,’ he replied.
‘Samandriel. He’s my all-in-one scheduling guru and PA,’ Gabriel explained. ‘Alfie’s easier to remember.’
Castiel stared at his drink for few moments, his stomach clenching. If he told Balthazar what had happened, there was a good chance that Balthazar would tell Gabriel. And if Gabriel found out… Well, that would be just another reason for his brother to insist on keeping him close and protected. He downed the rest of his wine and pulled Balthazar’s glass toward himself before speaking.
‘Y’know? Like stripping. Putting on a show,’ Dean replied, oblivious.
They made it to the dining room, and all eyes fell on them. Castiel stared back impassively, and Gabriel ducked his head in guilt.
Sam slowly inserted another finger, drawing out a soft, begging mantra from Gabriel. As embarrassing as the knowing looks he would receive the morning after were, they were well worth it for the amazing sounds that came from Gabriel’s mouth. He dripped more lube onto his fingers as he worked them in and out, enjoying the gasping pants he felt against his cock as Gabriel tried desperately suck him off in time.
Everyone was actively avoiding Crowley, so he took the privacy as his chance to wander the house. He ended up in the living room, and his eyes swept over it, taking in every little detail. Bookshelves lined the walls, and a large desk sat in front of the fireplace. He sneered at the ugly, frayed couch and small television that also occupied the room.
‘Pardon?’
‘What?! I’ve never heard of that!’
‘Both,’ Castiel replied. ‘Although, the principle of flirting has been explained to me…I have never needed the skill.’
‘Pot… What?! Cas! You were never once high while we were dating!’  Balthazar leaned back in his chair, his mind reeling. He would have expected this sort of confession from
seven!’ Gabriel grinned cheekily when Sam looked up to give him a half-hearted glare. ‘I
‘And if you spike it, then coffee. The activity,’ Anna added, earning sniggers from Samandriel and Charlie.
‘Oh, I’m certain I could find a way to get
'Stop what?' Castiel asked, sending his confusion to Dean.
Dean smiled brightly. ‘Yeah! You like it?’
.-.-.-.-.
Sam panted and kissed Gabriel’s shoulder as he pulled out and let Gabriel roll to his side. Gabriel’s bright smile was blinding and made his heart swell. He could see himself spending the rest of his life with the shorter human, but that would be entirely up to Gabriel. If everything went south, he could always run away. He swallowed as he returned a tentative smile. ‘What are you doing tomorrow?’ he asked, hoping that he didn’t sound as nervous as he felt.
hungry. And the pie
‘I intend to.’
are you able to lie?!’
‘You will. I’m sorry it has to be this way,’ Lucifer said as he circled Castiel. He paused by Castiel’s side and whispered into his ear. ‘Castiel, when you wake up, you will leave through the front gate. Tell no one where you are going.’
? 'Well, I hate to break it to you, Cas, but we just have an old school tube TV.'
‘Well, yeah! But it’s more incentive for me to try harder, right?’ Dean said as he leaned in and kissed at Castiel’s neck.
Karen laughed as she set about mixing ingredients. ‘Of course not,’ she replied. ‘Angels refuse to tell Hunters that there’s more to it than just a little binding spell, and a Hunter that loses an angel won’t tell anyone out of embarrassment.’ She looked up at Dean and grinned. ‘Bobby wasn’t my first Hunter.’
Dean shook his head. He flicked his fins, sending him past Charlie. ‘
Lucifer looked up in annoyance. ‘Enter,’ he called out. His frown deepened upon seeing who was interrupting his work. ‘Azazel. What is it?’
‘But then… I heard your voice,’ Dean whispered raggedly. ‘There was…this warm light, and I heard you, and…Heaven wasn’t good enough. Not without you.’
Meg’s eyes went black as she held Crowley’s gaze. ‘If you think
‘Look, Dean,’ he said as he turned to Dean, ‘Cas is—‘
need you in front of the camera eventually.’
‘I know… I’m moving on. I’ve…dated. Mostly tourists. No one worth…splaying for,’ Sam said, imitating fins by spreading his hands at his sides. He shook his head, sending a lock of hair into his face. He pushed it back and frowned as his eyes fell onto Dean’s shorter hair. ‘You cut your hair.’
.-.-.-.-.
Sam waited, and in a few minutes the door glowed again and opened. Gabriel hurried through and waved the rest of the group in.
Castiel remained silent. His brother was always showing him photos that he thought were real, but none of them were Gabriel’s. ‘
‘Oh…I didn’t know. We can leave if you want,’ Sam offered. ‘It wouldn’t be any trouble.’
‘No, it’s fine. I get it. I get your reasoning, but it’s gonna take a while before I can hop right into a small boat with a big smile on my face,’ Gabriel explained. ‘It’s my own problem, and I’m dealing with it as best I can. So I’ll just stick with leaving him a million messages. And I’m not about to call Crowley, so don’t even suggest it. But I probably should…’
Dean choked on his drink and stared at Castiel. ‘What?!’ he wheezed. ‘Cas, we talked about this! That’s weird and creepy, and you…you don’t… Oh, God… Don’t tell me you bugged the hotel room.’
Dean raised a brow at Crowley. ‘What could possibly be the other half of smite-n-go?’ he asked. He felt a sharp flare of irritation come from Castiel.
‘Submarine,’ Charlie said evenly, avoiding Castiel’s curious gaze.
‘Don’t mind him. This is just how he acts when he’s nervous,’ Castiel said as he gave Dean a reassuring squeeze.
Castiel gasped and waved his hand if front of his face as he looked up at the ceiling. ‘Okay, I’m good. Yes. I’m…heading back…and…’ He glanced at Dean and smiled. ‘Coffee. Coffee-coffee. I’ll…pop your
Dean laughed as he scratched the top of Muffin’s head, eliciting a loud purr. ‘I’ve been watched by weirder,’ he said. ‘Okay, so you’ve had a bad rep, bad luck, and people that don’t like your cat.’
‘I broke up with you for the wrong reason,’ Balthazar said.
Gabriel blinked at Sam. ‘Oh? Uh…they’re doing all right?’ Sam nodded, and Gabriel frowned uncertainly. ‘Are you sure? He’s not just faking it?’
‘Like I said before,’ Crowley replied, ‘you’re going to be getting quite popular soon enough. I want that popularity tied to my next project.’
trust him right now. Not if Lucifer’s in control.’
‘Addicted to demon blood?!’ Bobby shouted. ‘How the Hell did he manage that?!’
‘It’s not your fault,’ Gabriel replied, unable to keep the hurt and disappointment from his voice.
‘You weren’t,’ Crowley replied. ‘But I
! Are you okay?’
After about three more hours of sorting, Sam left for a food run.
.-.-.-.-.
‘I’m not leaving,’ Sam argued.
Dean turned Castiel to face him. ‘Who?’
‘I don’t know,’ Dean replied, leaning forward so that his lips were barely an inch from Castiel’s. ‘What have you got to offer?’
were staring at
he help Dean? He blinked away tears as he carefully extracted himself from Dean’s hold.
a good worker,’ Lucifer admitted as he set his brush aside.
And seeing Dean squirm and back off…but still hopeful… Still coming back for another try… Castiel couldn’t place why, but it was as if Dean was used to giving up. And yet, he kept trying.
‘Huh? What’s wrong?’
you,’ Sam replied and placed his hand on top of Gabriel’s. ‘Really. I’m good with just having you.’
Castiel shrugged and buried his face in his knees, his shoulders shaking. He
'So he has some sort of deformity or mutation. Maybe that's why we've never heard of it. Maybe it's like some big genetic defect angels are ashamed of. Reverse albino, or whatever. Well,
‘Sorry, Charlie. You do a great job. I’m
, I was used to.
Castiel nodded.
Gabriel shrugged. ‘He’s alive. That’s all I can tell.’
Castiel slammed the door shut and stormed to the other side of the boat, which wasn’t very far, much to his disappointment. He tried to steady his breathing as he heard the door open and Balthazar step onto the deck. ‘Why are you here?’ he asked through clenched teeth.
The hours had passed slowly for Dean. Everything hurt. Every ache, every sore muscle and gaping wound. He coughed up another mouthful of blood onto the floor. He watched how the fire reflected off the fresh splatter and wondered if Bobby would be angry with him for getting the floor so dirty. Humans worried about that sort of thing.
Dean swam in lazy circles beneath Benny’s boat, surfacing every thirty minutes or so for air. He had been scaring up a variety of fish for Benny, chasing them into the fishing nets. Benny had shown him pictures of the fish he wanted and the ones he didn’t. When he had started helping Benny out, Benny had asked what Dean wanted in return.
He had called up his coworker, Inias, demanding to know why he couldn’t get into his email, and everything went downhill from there. He could remember leaving the hotel, heading down the path to kick at the boat his brother had rented, and then going to the older pier to drown his sorrows. He was pretty sure he fell in at some point. He could remember seeing one of the hotel employees and Charlie. What happened in between?
‘What?! No! I just… Gabriel, I promise, when I have this all figured out, I will tell you exactly what is going on, but right now? Right now, I need to speak with Dean,’ Castiel explained. ‘This does not concern you at this point in time.’
know how to answer a phone, right?’
Castiel bowed his head and frowned. He didn’t think he needed to be corrupted. And certainly not by his brother. He returned his attention back to the TV, fully prepared to have everything fly right over his head. Next time, he was going to bring a book. If there
nose!’ He asked the angel pointless questions. ‘What part of me’s your favorite…physically?’ He giggled as Castiel blushed, claiming it was a tie between his eyes and his hands. Dean was ecstatic. The solution had been so simple.
‘Nothing’s going to happen,’ Castiel snapped. ‘I’m
be happier? Up until five minutes ago, you wanted nothin’ to do with those two,’ Dean pointed out. ‘Just ‘cuz you’re getting whatever sort of vibes off of me, don’t mean you know what I’m thinkin’.’
‘There’s a…TV show coming. They’re coming here to find a sea serpent that’s been sighted in the area,’ Sam explained. ‘They’re coming here, looking for
Sam shifted awkwardly from foot to foot as the pair went into hysterics. ‘I guess I can mark out some places on a map for you,’ he said. The entire thing made him uncomfortable, but if he knew where the crew was going to be, then he’d be better prepared to keep Dean hidden.
‘Why do you even own that?’ Gabriel asked, looking up at Sam.
‘Your foreskin.’
‘Well,
In the back of his mind, he wondered how Gabriel would take finding out that his cabana boy was a merman. It would probably be a dream come true for his brother. Maybe he could convince Gabriel to let him get some measurements. His thoughts were cut off as Dean’s lips made their way down the back of his neck.
‘W-what?!’
‘He comes back as a zombie!’ Gabriel squealed. His wings were shaking with excitement. ‘
good reason why I should help you.’
Castiel squeezed his eyes shut and could feel tears streaming down his cheeks. ‘I can’t.’
you,' Uriel said in response.
Gabriel stared at the ceiling with his arm resting across his forehead. He gasped lightly as Sam’s warm tongue continued to slowly lick the length of his cock as he came down from his orgasm. ‘Fu-uck, Sam,’ he whined as he blindly reached down to touch Sam’s hair. He gave up and concentrated on pushing himself up.
to evolve. You can’t just…fix it overnight.’
'What guy?' Dean asked, distractedly.
Castiel dropped the razor to the floor as he leaned back against the wall. The scales hadn’t been artificially colored. They were real. They were mammalian. They were mammalian and iridescent. As he stared at the scales, his breath caught. They were the same color as the tail of Gabriel’s sea serpent.
want to see it?’
'I was just givin' him a choice,' Dean innocently replied.
Dean almost hefted himself onto the pier, but stopped himself just in time. ‘Uh… could you…close your eyes?’ he asked. ‘I’m a little shy.’
Dean sighed and looked to Sam with a doubtful expression. ‘No, thanks.’
stupid brother. They were made for each other.’
‘About you and Crowley,’ Balthazar replied. ‘Look…I
Gabriel let out an annoyed growl. ‘Will you stop that?!’
gets to go back!
After Sam and Dean had left to get dinner, Gabriel had tried to coax Castiel out of the bathroom, but Castiel drowned his voice out with the shower. Castiel had shut him out physically and mentally. The last time Castiel had locked himself away like that, their mother had just died. He had holed up in his room for several days and hadn’t spoken for months. Gabriel hoped this bout of depression wouldn’t last anywhere near as long.
not good enough for either of them?!'
‘Well… I would say you’re more experienced, but Dean’s certainly more enthusiastic,’ Castiel replied. ‘Given the chance, I believe he could surpass your talents.’
‘Right…’ Dean still eyed the manikin Castiel was possessively holding. ‘Nice…chest.’
Months had passed, and Sam and Dean had finally created a spell that would work for the new binding cuffs. After finding a proper combination of spells that would work, all it took was a small smear of Dean’s blood across Gabriel’s new cuff to deactivate all of the others. They had originally tried Sam’s, but found out that the spell required the blood of the eldest living relative. The way they had found out that the chain reaction had actually worked came from the inhuman screech Karen had let loose.
He was not in the mood to deal with Uriel. He jabbed at Uriel's pride, knowing the other angel didn't like taking orders from a young, naive angel.
Gabriel waved his hands in front of himself. ‘No, I’m good. I’ll do it again.’ He never wanted to see any editing program of any sort ever again.
Karen followed Dean’s gaze to the knife and her white-knuckled grip. She quickly set it on the counter. ‘Here, how about you help me?’ she offered as she pulled out a bowl and filled it with water. ‘Meatloaf, broccoli, and mashed potatoes. You can cut the potatoes!’
‘I’d like it if you were there, too,’ Castiel said before placing his hand behind Dean’s neck and pulling him down for a soft kiss. He smiled as he pulled back. ‘You’re so…different.’
Balthazar set the camera down and knelt next to Castiel. ‘C’mon, Cassie,’ he said, placing his hand on Castiel’s knee. ‘It’ll be fun.’
‘I am not— No. You know what? A lot of people find the Scottish brogue sexy,’ Crowley said defensively.
‘Tell me.’
Dean grinned at Sam and spread his arms, showing off his new look. ‘Well? Whaddya think?’
don't!'
things like that anymore, but I guess once a…a
color scheme. Like I said before: rare,’ Crowley said. He caught Dean’s uncertain stare and sighed in irritation. Castiel had better thank him later… He didn’t normally explain himself to others. ‘It’s a compliment. It means you’re special.’
Castiel looked up. He stared into Dean’s eyes and found nothing but honesty there. His gazed drifted downward to the deep red mark on Dean’s neck, and he blushed. ‘Y-you did?’
The answer came out before Gabriel could stop it. ‘No.’ He blushed and looked away. ‘I mean… I like it here. I like
‘Yeah… So… It all boils down to me.’
Castiel held out an arm to show off the light scars that littered his skin. ‘I forget to clip them sometimes, and…I usually remember
‘Sometimes, all you have to do is mention her,’ Castiel added helpfully. ‘So tonight should be fun.’
Gabriel sidled up to Sam and latched onto his arm. ‘No. I don’t trust you. You want my family dead. You want my dad dead, and you probably want my brother dead. I’m not coming out for that.’
‘Oh! Of course!’ Dean happily replied. He fought against his fins as Castiel smirked at him.
Dean sent Bobby a hard glare.
A soft whistle escaped from Dean’s throat. He had gotten so used to Castiel adoring him and fawning over all of his flaws that he had almost forgotten how he wasn’t considered attractive by mermaid standards. He flinched as a hand lightly patted his shoulder. He looked up and sadly met Castiel’s reddened eyes.
Sam managed to stop his chortles and grinned at Gabriel. ‘Sorry, it’s just…the thought of you, a grown man, wearing those bright orange floaties,’ he said. ‘Well, you’re short enough, you could probably pull it off.’
‘No, last I saw, he was stroking Dean’s hair to keep him still.’
Castiel huffed as he crossed his arms, refusing to look at his brother. ‘I just really need to speak with Dean.’
‘Jump in!’ Sam shouted. He was careful to keep his tail hidden beneath the boat and his fins down as he floated in the water.
Castiel ducked his head and hugged himself. He looked up when an arm wrapped around his shoulders. Dean had taken Gabriel’s seat and was send Crowley a challenging stare.
‘Yer not very good at makin’ allies,’ Bobby growled.
Sam resisted the pull as he gathered his thoughts. ‘But I have a lot to do here,’ he argued.
‘Sammy, fix it!’ Dean exclaimed as he dragged Sam into the room and forced him in front of the computer.
After a few laps around the older and newer piers near the Singer Hotel, he set off to the bungalow Castiel was staying in. He knew he shouldn’t. He probably wouldn’t be able to see anything anyway, but he just had to check. See if Castiel had gotten any closer to Balthazar.
Even as he reminded himself that Castiel and Balthazar were humans and playing by a different set of rules, he didn’t feel any better. How was he supposed to properly compete when he didn’t know the rules? He had TV shows and a few movies to go off of, but even in his short time of being human, he could tell that the rules of TV Land were something else altogether.
Charlie smirked as she kicked off her shorts and placed her hands on her hips. ‘You’ve stripped,’ she said knowingly. The more she learned about Castiel, the more it made sense that he and Gabriel were actually related.
‘I explained how you can’t swim and how that exacerbated the situation,’ Castiel replied.
‘Does it work?’ Dean asked as he opened the bag and dipped his fingers into the green muck.
Gabriel tossed the mirror to the ground and took a few deep breaths. He held the last one before exhaling slowly. He smirked at the camera gestured to the area around him. ‘Next week, on
Sam’s shoulders drooped, and he leaned on the desk. ‘Please don’t,’ he quietly begged. ‘We are insane. It’s not worth it.’
Gabriel sighed as he sat back in his chair. ‘Anyone wanna switch rooms?’ He was met by multiple scoffs and laughter.
‘Not today. You can have it tomorrow,’ Crowley replied. ‘Jody and I have a dive booked for tomorrow.’
Castiel kept quiet as he watched Dean.
He could see Castiel’s wings hovering just above him. Just out of reach. He tried to pull out of Castiel’s grip, but the small angel was much stronger than he looked. ‘Cas…wanna touch you…lemme…lemme touch you,’ he moaned needily.
Dean had been having a nice conversation with the pretty Hunter, Anna. She was smart, funny, and pretty. A little older than he was, but so what? She was gorgeous. As she drew closer, giving him a friendly smile, he was suddenly hit with an image of himself holding Castiel up against a shower wall, pale legs wrapped around his waist, fingers buried deep in black feathers, and fucking the angel’s brains out. He blinked and the image was gone. He wanted more. And just where
‘You look fine just like that,’ Dean breathed. His thoughts came to a grinding halt when chapped lips pressed against his own. He stared as Castiel pulled away, frowning down at him.
Karen shook her head and threw open the door. Three pairs of eyes looked over before turning back to the pie in the middle of the small kitchen table. And then the clicks and whistles picked up.
Sam and Dean Winchester were brought into the Hunter lifestyle at a young age. Their mother had come from a long and prestigious line of Hunters. But this fame painted a target on the Campbell family. Family members were being picked off one by one until only Mary remained. She ran, changed her name, and released the angel her father had caught. She ended up in Lawrence, Kansas. There, she met John Winchester. Just a normal man with no interest in the supernatural. Together, they had two children and life was good. Until the demons managed to track her down.
Castiel looked to Gabriel and silently asked, 'Am I doing something wrong?'
Dean pulled lightly at Jimmy and was thrilled when Jimmy let him pull him closer and down toward the bed. ‘Wha’s yer name?’
‘Hello, Balthazar,’ Castiel politely greeted, not moving from behind Dean.
Castiel frowned and glanced at his wings. They were a beautiful white, a far cry from the normal black. ‘I’m dreaming,’ he said before facing the angel again.
‘Yes, good. Have fun. Good night,’ Gabriel said clipped tones, pulling Sam back down.
.-.-.-.-.
!’ he shouted, pointing to the door with the gun. ‘We are on lockdown right now!’
‘Depends.’
Anna nodded and left.
end up looking like some jerk going through his girlfriend’s closet?!’
‘C-Cas… It’s okay,’ Dean whispered. He closed his eyes and leaned into Castiel’s touch. ‘I love you, Castiel. Please. Don’t fight it. It’s okay.’
Sam shrugged as he looked at Dean’s tail fin. Dean just didn’t have the same contrast as most of their kind. Sam had been blessed with a pale yellow tail with deep blue-violet markings. Sam had found that humans had it a lot easier. They got to
Prideful
‘Yes, Gabriel.
‘You won’t regret it,’ Gabriel promised.
‘I’m just teasing out of jealousy,’ Anna replied. ‘Hell, I would
there, gets a point,’ Castiel replied. ‘If I’m gonna whore myself out, I’m gonna do it properly.’
Gabriel made a strangled noise in the back of his throat. He was supposed to be weighing his options properly, not listening to sex tips from his brother. He needed a new line of thought. ‘But he’s a fish!’
Dean and Balthazar watched Castiel disappear around the corner before facing each other.
Dean panicked as Castiel laughed. There was someone else that Castiel was interested in? Who was the fisherman? It couldn’t have been Benny. Benny had no interest in Castiel. His thoughts screeched to halt as he realized that Balthazar was referring to him.
Sam bit back an apology and chose to stroke Gabriel’s hair instead. ‘Dean’s good at adjusting. He managed to fool you
Gabriel nodded as he wrung his towel in his hands. ‘We have all these amazing creatures roaming the Earth, but… We also have assholes that wanna cut them up and sell ‘em to the highest bidder,’ he said bitterly. ‘For every person that’s like me an’ Charlie…just wanting to get a picture or a clump of fur…there’s someone else that’s out there waiting with a gun. Thought we found a footprint once… We destroyed it. Then we ran around, acting like lunatics…whoopin’ and hollerin’, trying to scare of anything that was around. All ‘cuz we saw some drunk kook at a bar that wanted to bag himself a Bigfoot.’
Castiel ran his fingers over Dean’s chest and to his stomach. Through the shirt, he traced the line of Dean’s waistband. ‘I think being distracted would help,’ he said.
good,’ Charlie replied with a disappointed frown as she pulled off her shirt and bra.
‘Well…not really.’ Gabriel shifted uncomfortably. ‘He’s not looking to go to school here, if he told you that. He…he does actually like you, but…I don’t know how long that’ll last.’
‘He’s sided with Jody and Crowley,’ Castiel bitterly replied. ‘They’re all against me.’
Castiel nodded. He looked at the light fixture next to him then back at the box.
Sam leaned against the wall as he stared at Dean. ‘Well…yeah. I guess, but…’
Castiel turned with a huff and looked up at Dean. ‘They said…’ He blinked and snorted as he tried to contain a laugh. ‘You’re naked.’ He looked down at himself and moaned as embarrassment washed over him. ‘And I may as well be, too.’
Peut-être [...]: Maybe tomorrow night.
‘Now… Well, it still annoys me that he wastes his power on such…frivolity. As much as it hurts, I am glad that he has a father that cares. I must admit, after Lailah’s death, I didn’t know what to think. I went to her aid, but I was too late. And a…
‘And Bobby… Bobby just laughed,’ she said. ‘We managed to save the more important books, but everything else? Gone. I was cryin’, helpless as could be, wailing on about how I just wanted to cook a bad pie!’ She laughed, and her wings spread out, making Dean duck. ‘The next day, Bobby got me five cookbooks. Said I should learn to cook good before tryin’ to cook bad.’
‘Stalemate.’
to get some
He really hated using the human excuse, but he couldn’t help reminding himself just what Gabriel did for a living. Charlie may have perfected the art of living under the radar, but Sam still had the occasional slip up. And then there was his brother to worry about. And not just
It was early evening when Gabriel and the rest of the small film crew returned to the hotel. Gabriel trudged into the dining room and sagged into one of the chairs. He sighed to himself as he checked his phone for any missed messages.
'Or the ceiling. Depending on perspective,' Gabriel added. He gave an innocent smile in response to Dean's glare. 'Duck!'
?’ Bobby scoffed. ‘You’re all a bunch of fuckin’ evil bastards!’
‘Yes,’ Castiel quickly replied. ‘But…I would not be
Where would Gabriel have hidden it? Who would he have given it to? Certainly not Samandriel. Charlie would be more on Castiel’s side. That left Anna or Balthazar. He decided to try Anna first.
‘It’s a kind of uh…what’s the word…mucus,’ Dean replied. He smiled uncertainly as he waited for Castiel’s reaction.
‘I know,’ Castiel said quietly.
‘He doesn’t,’ Balthazar agreed. ‘It’s only when he’s drunk off his ass that he throws himself at anything with two legs.’
guy,' he said, slowly turning the pages of the book he held.
‘Hey! Are you okay?’ Jo asked in a hushed tone. ‘You look like you’ve seen a ghost.’
Charlie sighed in relief. ‘Oh, good. We should all meet up later. Continue!’
Dean nodded as he chewed his cheek in thought. He was sort of a fish, so that was in his favor, right? Not if Castiel didn’t know. And would Castiel knowing about what he truly was work in his favor, or would it make the biologist want to cut him up?
‘So…were you ever planning on coming back?’ Dean asked.
‘Right. No wig. I can do that,’ Castiel said breathlessly. ‘It’s in storage… But uh…I can get my er…friend…to grab it before he gets here?’
been all afternoon?’ Balthazar asked, glancing knowingly between Castiel and Dean.
Gabriel smiled at Sam and tongued his lollipop from one side of his mouth to the other. He dropped his clipboard and punched Sam in stomach in one swift movement. Sam doubled over, and Gabriel pulled out his gun, pressing it against Sam’s head.
‘It stuck didn’t it?’ Sam said empathetically. He had had more than his fair share of unfortunate code names over the years.
‘I took French in high school,’ Gabriel said, leaning a little closer. ‘Didn’t stick too well. Just a couple phrases. I know how to ask where to find a bathroom and a train. And, of course, the most useful phrase of them all.’
‘Mm…Dean?’ Castiel yawned and stretched his wings out, staring up at Dean.
Dean clutched his thigh as he settled behind an overturned table. It was supposed to be a simple, in-and-out job. Get in, grab the disc, get out. So much for that. Now, he was pegged down in the dining room of Ms. Skrims’s mansion.
.’ He gave Bobby an even stare. ‘And if they aren’t loyal and run on the side of not quite human, well then… I just introduce them to Cassie.’
Dean glanced over at Castiel. ‘How long? How long have you, specifically, been following me?’
Gabriel grinned and made a zipping motion across his lips. ‘Don’t worry. I like watchin’ Dad blow up at you. Fun times. And
Dean mentally cataloged what he was seeing. Messy brown hair, gorgeous blue eyes, tan trench coat, slightly rumpled suit, a pair of
was pestering
Gabriel was knocked off balance, dropping his suitcase and the keys to the floor. He was surprised when strong hands latched onto him, keeping him upright. He looked up when a concerned voice asked if he was all right. And he kept looking up. ‘Someone should put up a handsome moose crossing sign,’ he mumbled.
‘Cas said as much,’ Jody said with a nod. ‘He didn’t say just how handsome, though. But I definitely understand the ‘cabana boy’ moniker, now. You’re right out of a travel poster! If you’re not in your hotel’s advertising, you need to be.’
Castiel shook his head. ‘The warding prevents it,’ he whispered.
‘Mom hid all the staplers and kept stapling her feathers to Dad’s stuff!’ Gabriel said gleefully as Crowley sneered. ‘She was really careful to make sure it was
‘Right… And if there’s just one?’ Gabriel asked as he got up, not sure what Castiel was getting at.
Crowley sighed in irritation. ‘The specifics of my office romance don’t necessarily concern you.’
Sam smiled and nodded, relaxing a bit as he looked down. He prepped another cotton ball and took Gabriel’s hand into his own. He slowly swabbed the small cuts, expecting Gabriel to jerk away every time he touched a cut with the alcohol. But Gabriel remained perfectly still and didn’t make a peep. Sam finished and pulled out a box of gauze. He glanced up and swallowed at the intense stare Gabriel was giving him. ‘Uh…’
spot, and he’d freak out,’ Meg said. ‘He yelled at me for two hours once because I borrowed his chair from the study. I had to leave the building!’
Dean’s jaw dropped. His
Charlie had somehow managed to escape the Novak room with her sanity and her life intact. She had been helping Castiel to set up his new laptop and get connected to the Wi-Fi. Castiel wasn’t the problem. He was the perfect, silent observer. He didn’t micromanage, ask stupid questions, or try to take over halfway through. Gabriel, on the other hand…
Dean nodded. ‘Yeah… Selfish, really. What’s one human life compared to me not being found out?’ Dean looked away in thought. ‘Well…more like a couple hundred, but hey! No one knows! That’s a good thing, right?’
Bobby huffed as he leaned back in his chair. ‘See these wings? That’s Angel Corp’s insignia. They label all their shit with it.’
Across from Samandriel, Anna growled in annoyance. ‘He’s yours. All yours. You can keep him. I’m not dealing with that lunatic anymore,’ Anna said as she sat up straight. She turned her laptop around to show the latest email she had received from their illustrator. ‘He wrote a story about it eating the bones of whales! Chupacabra of the Sea! What the hell?!’
Bobby shook his head. ‘She knew what she was doin’. We happened to get assigned to the same man. Me for surveillance, her for assassination. I got caught, and she pulled me out. Died in the process. One day later, the entire compound was demolished. No survivors. The target was gutted with his entrails stretched out like wings.’
? Humans look weird to
about…’
‘Yeah… You should get used to a bunch of weird things with me.’
Balthazar shook his head at Castiel’s reaction. ‘Why keep lying about it?’ He turned away from Castiel and stared at the clouds that spotted the horizon. ‘Cas…’
‘The uh…room’s too nice,’ Castiel replied, getting straight to the point.
Gabriel rolled his eyes as he shook his head. ‘My love affair doesn’t concern you, Balthazar.’
‘Well… As I understand it, you’re not really in your right mind, and uh…’ Dean smiled as he leaned against the doorjamb. ‘Besides, I think you have this habit of forgetting. And I wouldn’t want you to forget your first time with me. Since you’ve already forgotten our first kiss.’
Castiel looked away. ‘I’ll… I told you it would be better if I left.’ He stooped down and gathered Gabriel into his arms.
Gabriel took a swig and grinned happily as the coolness hit his throat. ‘Yeah. Word’s gotten out, and we’re dealing with the folks that’ll make up a story just be on TV,’ he explained. It was the reason they tried not to advertise too much before they arrived to any given area.
‘Much better. Thank you.’
in nylons,’ she said, looking over the paperwork on the desk. ‘Sam, don’t ever try shaving or waxing. It took
Castiel hugged himself with his wings and ran his fingers over the spells carved into the cuff. Dean was right. He should not have been able to ignore the order. ‘I…I felt something, but… I didn’t have to obey it. Like a…a nudge.’ He sensed the Hunter’s fear escalate.
Gabriel nodded wordlessly. He knew his brother could be a little off, but this was beyond what he was used to. ‘Just…don’t feel like you have to avoid everyone. I
Dean didn’t bother moving from his position. ‘Demons. Fucking potato chips of the supernatural world.’
in the water! That’s what I thought Charlie meant when she said she was a mermaid. “Oh, ha-ha! So’s my brother”,’ Gabriel said, waving his hands about. He dropped his hands back onto his knees, and they sat in silence for a few minutes. He still couldn’t get over Charlie not telling him. She knew he needed to be hit over the head with information sometimes.
‘I guessed as much. You’re not gonna go all alcoholic on us, are you?’ Balthazar asked.
With a heavy sigh, Sam moved to his bedroom door. He wished he had the same confidence and trust that Dean and Charlie had. He entered his room and readied himself. With each piece of clothing that came off, the faster his heart beat.
Sam crawled up along Gabriel’s body and pushed him back down against the mattress. ‘Glad to be of service,’ he said before kissing the man beneath him.
‘That’s not important!’ Castiel snapped. He pulled away from Balthazar and stalked out of the room.
‘You start robbing cradles,’ Jody said with a smirk, looking over Dean.
like you.’
Anna gave Balthazar a sidelong glance and a smirk. ‘He doesn’t know yet,’ she said. ‘He didn’t read his contract all the way through. Gabe made sure of that.’
For two days, Dean spent all of his spare time tearing through old books and researching online. Occasionally, Castiel would sit nearby, watching in silence. Dean would grab Castiel’s wrist and examine the spellwork on the cuff. Each time, the contact would send a small thrill through Castiel, and Dean would feel it as well. But Dean couldn’t linger on the feeling, he
Castiel shrunk back. ‘I…I like him,’ he said quietly. ‘I didn’t know.’ He cringed as he blushed deeply and shifted further behind the doorframe.
‘My older brother.’
‘Great! I’m ready, let’s go!’ Gabriel exclaimed as he grabbed Sam’s arm and tried pulling him towards the door.
Sam stood and backed away. ‘I haven’t been in the water since I left.’
, but the distrust was still there. The look he received after kissing Dean, which was quickly shifted and directed solely at Dean… The dark look in Balthazar’s eyes when he had mentioned again that Crowley would be coming to Bora Bora for a while…
‘Dean?’ Jo gave Dean a little shake.
‘Don’t you mean “
Sam sighed. 'Dean, I know you're excited, but...'
Castiel didn’t know how he should feel as he watched Balthazar walk away. The sound of someone landing on the pier drew his attention, and he looked back toward the boat. He tilted his head as he watched Dean stretch his arms out for balance.
‘Can I…have it back?’ Castiel asked.
‘He can’t. He has the show to work on,’ Gabriel argued. He paused as a throat was cleared, and he looked at Jody in apology. ‘Hey, Jody. It’s been a while.’
Gabriel tilted his head slightly. ‘That’s the first time I’ve gotten
to be released?’
'All, but you and Father,' Castiel admitted quietly. 'I had a feeling you wouldn't approve...'
Gabriel’s face fell into one of shock. He stared at his brother, not sure what to say. ‘You…you weren’t…what?’
‘There you are!’ Charlie said as she looked up. ‘Get your morning quickie?’
‘Gabri—‘
Castiel nodded and placed his hand in Dean’s. He froze as a speedboat whirred by, joined by the loud, drunken screams a few women. He turned crimson, watching in horror as the boat quickly turned and gave another, closer pass. This time, he could make out what the women were screaming. He stood, stepped past Dean, and hopped down to the landing, shouting along the way and pointing angrily. ‘J’ai l’intention de me faire baiser!’
‘You were just really into it. Havin’ fun,’ Dean said. ‘I liked it.’
‘I can work on it after I finish this one,’ Dean said, tapping on desk with the stylus. ‘It might take a while… This one’s givin’ me problems.’
‘I don’t know,’ Sam said helplessly. ‘He doesn’t exactly…live here.’
‘Well…we can sleep together,’ Dean offered. ‘Please?’
‘He looked like he was about to break.’
gonna prove me right. But…if there’s a cryptid out there, and I manage to keep it alive, I’ll gladly be the crazy guy that believes in ‘em without any evidence.’ He laughed as Sam wrapped an arm around his shoulder and pulled him close. ‘Anyway, I think crazy might actually pay more. When I was first starting out, the more…out there I got, the more people liked me and wanted to interview me. People love a good laugh.’
Dean shook his head and let the leaf fall. 'I can't do this, Cas.'
‘Panic room’s already taken care of,’ Dean commented distractedly.
‘Someone like him?’ Anna repeated. ‘He is the ultimate handyman! I’d be surprised if he
‘…Yes, you did.’ Dean looked helplessly at Sam and Gabriel. He was forced to look back at Castiel when a pair of hands guided his chin forward.
had seen his Father...Michael, Gabriel, Raphael, Lucifer, Metatron, Azrael, all of the Seraphim...many more than just four. He had assumed all of the angels, no matter their class nor rank, were granted an audience. They need only ask.
Castiel narrowed his eyes at Balthazar. ‘Then why are you so hostile toward me?’
Castiel shook his head. ‘No! Dean wouldn’t do that! He…he’s changing my cuff back to the way it was!’
'But, Sammy,' Gabriel pouted, flitting the tips of his wings.
it’s covered in dry blood!’
Sam laughed in relief. He had received a text that morning from an unknown number with a picture of Dean in a hospital bed, the hospital name, and a room number. ‘You’re okay. God, I was so worried!’
On the other hand, Balthazar had just assumed that Castiel had cheated on him. He had never even
Benny rolled his eyes. ‘Just be careful climbing over fences,’ he said. ‘Okay…you can stop touching yourself any time now. You can play with yourself later. When I’m not around.’
? It’s almost
kinda weird,’ Dean commented.
Gabriel looked to Sam. All he got was a shrug and a sympathetic look. He sighed in resignation. With a snap of his fingers, the rickety stairs were instantly replaced with polished, marble steps. 'There. That's better.'
Dean narrowed his eyes as Jimmy tried to pull away. ‘Don’t you be drawing attention to us,’ he warned.
She had seen Gabriel naked before—camping in the woods in the same tent, hoping to catch a glimpse of Bigfoot, almost guaranteed it. But she didn’t need to see him squeeze into a pair of obscenely short, denim, cut-offs. And he would not stop griping about the heat.
been encouraging him!’ Anna said, pointing accusingly.
‘Yeah…so… The waiver was included in a contract for you to be on the rest of this season
Dean frowned at Sam. 'But he's still killing humans, Sam.'
quit and get someone else to be show runner?’
!’ Castiel shouted back, banging his fist on the boat’s railing.
‘I—hey! Hello? Hello?! You—!’ Castiel turned to the two men at the front desk. ‘He hung up on me,’ he said calmly.
‘I don’t believe in that nonsense,’ Castiel said, his voice muffled by his hands.
‘Why are you here?’ Sam hissed the moment the door closed.
Sam smiled reassuringly at Gabriel. ‘I probably should just let them take you back,’ he said, ‘but I don’t want to. I won’t let them take you. And we should definitely talk to Dean about Castiel. He deserves to know.’
The lights flickered. Sam frowned as Gabriel’s sobs ceased. ‘Gabriel?’
‘Yes, I’m fine,’ Castiel snapped. ‘I’m… W-Why is there a barracuda on my stuff?!’
. They can have blurry photos and mysterious sonar readings. I’m already a laughing stock. I don’t have a career to ruin.’
‘Better proof. A full shot of the body. Video… Catch one… Something more than a questionable photograph,’ Castiel explained. ‘The scientific community will shoot you down based on that one picture.’
‘Offered? Offered
sleep?'
, he did it. I know he can do it. Fuck…maybe this was a mistake…’
Gabriel cringed. ‘So…you and Jo… You guys are close?’
Thanks to John's obsession with catching an angel, Sam and Dean carried a binding cuff with them at all times. Neither really thought they would ever need it, but it was part of their morning ritual. Hair, teeth, clothes, wallet, cuff.
Castiel nodded. He gasped and moaned softly when he felt Dean’s fingers sifting through his feathers. Everything was amazing. Everything felt wonderful. Everything was ripped away as he was pulled up by his collar.
Lucifer looked at Adam with a raised brow. ‘Such language,’ he tutted.
‘Perfectly fine with me,’ Castiel said as he moved closer and lightly kissed Dean’s lips. He pulled away when he caught the nervous look in Dean’s eye. ‘Oh. Sorry. I don’t normally go this fast. Not sober, at least,’ he said as he sat back.
into each other, Cas wouldn’t make a sex tape! He’s…Cas. He thinks sex with the lights on is adventurous.’
‘So the rest of us gotta work while
me!’ Castiel moved so that he was laying down on the couch with his head in Dean’s lap. He held Muffin on his chest as he glared at the ceiling, angry tears stinging his eyes. ‘Those…those
demons, then?’ Sam asked with a frown. He winced at the glared he received from Crowley and Meg.
‘Tights. Okay. What about jewelry? Or makeup?’ Castiel asked as he raised a pair of earrings and a necklace.
Sam chuckled and leaned in to kiss Gabriel. He pulled up short as he felt a raindrop hit his head. He quickly stood and pulled Gabriel up.
‘Oh… Oh! Sorry!’ Sam apologized. He laughed nervously and shrugged. ‘I just sorta…switch to whatever’s being spoken,’ he explained.
Gabriel anxiously tapped his fingers on the bed. ‘Can I…can I get my stuff back?’ he asked.
Samandriel sighed happily and shifted his attention back to his day planner. His day had just gotten better, and nothing would be able to bring him down. Not even a scathing reply from Mr. Milligan. No, he would expect nothing less from the man than to be torn apart for being so presumptuous as to really expect the reclusive man to provide a picture of himself.
'Well, we've only ever read about them, and there's lots of dead things here,' Gabriel argued. 'You're asking us to find a needle in a haystack! And we've never even
‘They
Meanwhile, on the other side of the lagoon, the provided dinner had ended, and the small TV crew headed to their rooms.
sing…no experience could compare.’
Castiel’s smile dropped instantly as he remembered a night full of too much tequila. ‘Oh, God,’ he whispered. ‘No. No, no, no… I thought I dreamt that! It’s not what you think! Fuck! It’s gotta look bad… I-it’s not… It was for
Crowley released his hold. ‘And what are your thoughts on Dean?’
Castiel looked up as he opened the box and began pulling out the skirt from his costume. ‘It’s writ— Wait. It’s
Castiel looked up to meet Dean’s frustrated stare. ‘Oh? What’s wrong?’
‘I don’t pick up random…’ Castiel glanced to the side at Dean, and sighed in annoyance as Crowley sniggered. ‘Well, I don’t organize orgies anymore. That has to count for
Sam looked down at Gabriel, who was shifting nervously. ‘Gabe? What do you know about this?’
have a very
'What's the matter?' asked Castiel, truly confused.
A thought slipped through his mind. While he was performing his initial exploration of Dean’s body in the bathtub, Dean had been spreading his fins as much as the tub would let him, clicking and whistling softly at him. He sighed and pouted. His idea wasn’t going to work. This was revenge.
‘Can’t imagine why not,’ Castiel said as he kissed Dean. ‘But enough talk… I believe we were going to have a…matching set.’ He kissed way down to Dean’s neck and began sucking and nipping, determined to leave prominent mark.
‘It was because I had the ocean
‘You shouldn’t try to get up.’
fish. I know it’s a dumb show, but it can
Gabriel sagged in relief and wiped his nose with his sleeve.
‘And easier for you?’
‘No pressure,’ Gabriel said with a weak laugh. What was he going to do? Should he leave and forget all about Sam? Distance himself as far as possible? Did he even
Gabriel blinked up at Sam. ‘It’s Monday? Oh, uh…Friday? Friday’s good for me.’
'If they find out, they'll...it won't be good. Trust me,' Dean warned, his voice slightly muffled.
knows! Does… Oh, God.
a second season, there’s no guarantee that we’ll all be kept on,’ Anna said as she stepped through the door. She gave Charlie and Sam an uninterested glance and headed for the hallway.
Gabriel forced a smile. ‘It’s a joke,’ he said shakily. ‘You got me good. Better than the Jersey Devil prank.’
angel alike.’
over and done with. So, I guess I’m free!’
Charlie thinned her lips as she picked up a CD in a clear case from the pile of multicolored cases. ‘You win this round. For now,’ she said as she popped it into the laptop on the desk. She frowned when she opened it and saw a single video file simply labeled as ‘CST.’ Curiosity got the best of her, and she opened it on the second monitor. She stared in awe at what greeted her.
Even Castiel wore a slight smile.
‘Balthazar’s doing
‘That’s all that’s needed.’
‘So…you’re sayin’ that…’ Dean trailed off, staring at the potatoes. ‘I have no idea what you’re sayin’.’
‘What about me and Dean? Any pictures of us?’
‘I’m good,’ Castiel replied with a slight slur. ‘I love this song.’
Sam shook his head, keeping an eye out for anything unusual. 'Are you able to feel humans at all?'
'Hey, what's that?' Gabriel asked, jabbing at a symbol on the map.
‘I could take more off,’ Castiel offered.
‘C’mon, Sammy,’ Gabriel said. ‘Personal tour of the island. You, me. Sandy beaches?’
‘I don’t…I don’t feel so good,’ Castiel said before stumbling off of Dean’s lap and rushing to the bathroom. The sound of retching quickly followed.
Staring into the darkness, Gabriel lost track of time and his thoughts. Sam was a mermaid. Dean was a mermaid.
The area was beautiful. Coral reefs spotted the area, and fish shimmered in the light that filtered through the water. He pointed his camera and began filming. Even if the outing was a bust, at least he would be able to get some great stock footage.
‘I…I like it when you touch my wings… Like it…oh…oh, God… Like it when you look at them. Like showing them to you… You make me feel like they look good.’
Sam sighed as he looked at the wall. 'Then we'll just have to do the best we can.'
‘But, what?’
Gabriel shifted uncomfortably. ‘Yeah… You were really into the mechanics of hanging and asphyxiation… You were weird. Weirder than normal,’ he said. ‘And
Dean cut off Castiel with a kiss and pushed him back against the couch arm. He grinned at Castiel’s bewildered expression as he pulled back. ‘I’d like to see you dressed like that,’ he said huskily. ‘Maybe…without the red hair?’
fishsticks,’ Castiel argued.
‘Oh… Can I tell him? Please tell me I can break it to him,’ Balthazar begged.
Castiel stared at Balthazar with wide eyes. He looked around the table and saw the rest of the film crew looking at him. Had anyone seen what he was writing? It was mostly shorthand and numbers, but what if they could still make something out?
Dean’s eyes widened at Castiel’s line of questioning. He couldn’t keep the distressed noise that came from the back of his throat as he looked away.
‘So…what Cas and I had before I…fixed it.’ Dean stared at the knife in his hand. He never thought about it from the angel’s perspective.
Gabriel looked around the table at the Hunters staring at him curiously. He looked back at Castiel and received a sad shrug. He shook his head and sighed. He had seen a lot more than just Castiel’s confrontation with Lenore. ‘I…I don’t know what to make of this.’
‘N-naked. Remember?’ Dean’s grip on the edge of the pier tightened as Castiel settled in front of him again.
It was just after noon when the film crew returned for lunch. Balthazar watched as Castiel broke off and headed for Sam’s room. He turned to Gabriel and shook his head. ‘Your brother is driving me insane. He’s too distracted to be useful on camera and even worse behind the camera,’ he said.
‘F-Father…I… I want to stay. I…understand the danger,’ Castiel said quietly, leaning into Dean. ‘Besides, I’m a threat all on my own.’
He reached behind and pulled Muffin into his lap, ignoring the sharp claws that dug into his arms and legs. Even if everything ended up being shot to hell, at least he still had his cat. ‘Oh, no,’ he whispered, ‘I’m a crazy cat lady.’
Castiel looked up in time to brace himself. Gabriel tackled him and they bounced lightly on the bed.
Crowley huffed and looked away. ‘No, you can’t—Castiel, they
Gabriel sighed and took the box from Sam. ‘Yeah. Thanks,’ he said with a shrug. He waved off Sam as he turned away, already wrapping up his hands. He looked over his shoulder at Sam. ‘Is it ‘cuz I’m sorta famous?’ he asked. ‘If you feel…I dunno…threatened? Don’t be. I’m a regular guy. Perfect for dating. No…wait. Are you straight?’
‘How did they sneak by, Castiel?’
Dean stared at his lap. As cool as it was that his mother had been a spy…finding out she was a cold-blooded killer shattered his perception of her. His shoulders shook as he shook his head. ‘N-no… Not…not right now.’
‘I’m sorry…’ Lucifer whispered as he slumped over, the knife still buried in his chest.
Crowley turned back to the door and traced his fingers over a few of the sigils. They glowed under the contact, and the edges of the door lightly glowed. ‘We don’t have much time. Gabriel might not show up on the radar, but
Dean patted Sam’s shoulder. ‘Long story short? That’s my stalker,’ he said, pointing at Castiel and receiving and scowl in return, ‘and we’re milking the benefits of Mom having been an agent with Angel Corp.’
have to be the mature one right now? That was Castiel’s job!
Sam looked from Balthazar to Castiel before responding. ‘Why? Because he has a crush that’s going nowhere?’
.-.-.-.-.
‘It’s a false light,’ Lucifer continued. ‘It’s just the magic of their bloodline, shining through. It’s not their
‘Don’t be sorry! Just fucking stay for five God damn minutes and talk to me! Just…’ Dean gave a frustrated growl and clenched what fingers he could. He looked away, unwilling to let Castiel see how broken he really was. ‘Just talk to me…’
, my boyfriend’s a…a
Castiel pulled at his sleeves and looked away. ‘Please don’t say anything…’
When they reached the forest, the rest of the morning had been spent listening to Gabriel gripe about insects and sticks. Castiel was being quiet and not respecting Dean's personal space, but shying away every time the Hunter tried to touch him, leaving Dean utterly confused. And Sam...Sam was being Sam.
‘You’re…you’re trying to protect it,’ Sam said quietly.
Bobby stared in disbelief as the three merfolk chattered away. He had heard Sam make similar sounds before—usually when the merman had hurt himself or broke something. But never something so fluid and cheerful. The group sounded like a small gathering of very talkative dolphins, but not quite. There were still human voices behind the clicks and squeaks, and each person at the table had their own tone. ‘This is too weird,’ Bobby muttered, turning away and leaving.
‘W-what?! No! Please! C’mon, Jimmy!’ he begged. ‘I don’t… I don’t wanna die! Please, don’t! Please, please, please!’
one to talk.’
He didn’t want to betray Dean’s trust. As much as he thought Dean would be more than understanding, he couldn’t bring himself to sleep with Balthazar.
‘He’s
! The producers for this fucking show could potentially blackmail me, so I’m stuck here… My career is
‘I don’t do it anymore,’ Castiel said with a shrug.
Dean recalled all the events leading up to his present situation. 'Not in my experience,' he said bitterly.
‘So, Pizza Man, what do you want?’ Castiel asked huskily as he crawled back on top of Dean and set the small bottle of lube and condom next to them.
A soft knock sounded on the door of a lavishly decorated study. Behind a large, mahogany desk sat a blond man, looking over a pile of paperwork. Taking up one corner of the desk was a lamp; it’s base was a wooden mermaid perched on a rock. The nameplate on the desk read ‘Lucifer’ in an elaborate, flowing script.
Benny laughed and shook his head. ‘All right, then. So, where are you staying?’
I start giving him a bath.’ He sucked in a breath as Dean’s fingers ghosted over his skin.
Gabriel clapped his hand to his mouth as he ran into his brother’s room. There was so much blood. They were too late. He clenched his eyes shut and blindly threw himself into Sam’s chest, clutching tightly as tears surfaced. No matter how tightly he closed his eyes, the blood and Dean’s limp body were still there. He shuddered as Sam hugged him tightly, shaking and face buried in his hair. ‘Can we go outside?’ Gabriel asked quietly. He felt Sam nod, and was relieved as Sam led him out of the room.
‘Then we’ll just stop being careful and let it happen. Don’t see any reason to push it,’ Charlie said as she stood next to Gabriel and watched Dean pull out a chair for Castiel. Dean glanced up at her, and she gave him a grin and a thumbs-up. He nodded and looked down before taking a seat next to Castiel.
‘Gonna take an early morning shower with me?’
shirt that I’m sure Dean would love! Bal, too.’
Maybe he could persuade Crowley that he needed the bungalow for a private fashion show. That might scare him off for an hour or two.
‘Mermaids just aren’t real!’ Castiel cried out again.
Castiel nodded as he frowned at the symbols on the door. ‘And keep
Castiel and Karen stared at each other, and Castiel shrugged. ‘As I said: I have the same reaction.’
'Hey there, sweetie,' Karen said softly as she sat on the edge of the couch. 'I'm Karen. What's your name?'
‘Spaghetti?’ Karen offered a plate to Anna.
Dean sighed and rolled his eyes. ‘What would you have done? Would have argued about how much of a threat he is, or would you have helped me fix the problem?’
Then Sam left. He should have seen it coming. The arguments. The silent glares and doing the bare minimum to get the job done safely. Dean would have followed, but Sam seemed happy on his own. He had friends. He had a life. Dean was happy for him.
he would corner his baby brother and interrogate him. ‘Never mind. You want a drink?’
Dean was taken aback. With Castiel's Grace mingling with his own, he could feel the sincerity in Castiel’s words. When he felt a hand rest on his neck just beneath his jaw, he gave up on self-control and kissed Castiel. He sucked and nipped at Castiel's lips.
‘You are one pathetic-looking, scary-ass, little angel,’ he muttered.
‘Should you guys really be doing this?’ Dean asked quietly. He elaborated at the pair of confused stares he received. ‘I mean… You’re both obviously drunk. You should be doing this…’ He struggled for the word Sam had used before. ‘Uh…sober?’
‘I’ll say. You’ll love it!’
Dean frowned and watched as the boat sped away. Whatever Castiel had said had made the women’s screams louder and more excited. ‘What was
‘Well…’ Dean bit his lip and looked into his room. ‘You can sleep in here…if you want.’
‘Does that include us?’ Balthazar asked, gesturing to Anna and Meg.
And sweet, innocent, wonderful Castiel would blush so prettily. Stare at Dean with wide eyes. Tilt his head up ever so slightly, hoping for a proper kiss but not daring to make the first move.
‘Sounds fine to me,’ Dean said with a knowing grin.
Dean nodded. ‘So, can you blame me?’
gigs!’
Castiel’s breath caught. ‘Fine.’
‘I hate to say it, but… I’m actually kind of curious,’ Sam said with a shrug.
knew what sort of motel they were staying in—the kind that catered to Hunters and the hourly crowd—but how could they explain it to the two angels without giving the wrong impression?
‘What? I’m not—‘ Dean groaned in frustration. ‘Okay, I’m mad. I’m mad at both of us. You fucked up your job, and I fucked up looking out for myself. Why would I want you to leave?’
give him something?’ Gabriel asked.
All eyes went from Gabriel to Crowley.
‘Great! You’re all packed, and I got your cat in the car!’
‘That explains why he reeks of cologne,’ Anna said. ‘You told him getting back with Cas is a bad idea, right?’
'I'm a lover, baby, not a fighter.'
Dean smiled and squeezed Castiel’s hand. ‘I know. I get a kick outta watching people try to flirt with you,’ he said. He leaned over the table and lightly kissed Castiel’s lips. ‘I love that you only have eyes for me.’ Another kiss.
‘I think you’re using that phrase incorrectly.’
Castiel frowned. He had a feeling that he and Gabriel were not talking about the same thing, but he figured he would worry about it later.
‘I don’t get it.’
Dean slowed and drifted closer to Charlie. She was right. In his shock of seeing the pair kissing, he had forgotten. ‘
.-.-.-.-.
Dean eventually looked up at Sam. ‘I don’t know,’ he said quietly. ‘It’s not like I really have anything to go back to.’
time!’ Gabriel groaned.
Neither human nor angel were expecting the warm sensation that flooded through them.
Michael shook his head sadly and cupped the back of Lucifer’s neck. ‘I’m sorry, Lucifer, brother. But I cannot let this continue.’
‘What the hell?’ Dean looked to Gabriel for an answer.
‘I never felt like it was important to our relationship.’
‘I’ll protect you,’ Gabriel promised.
Dean’s shoulders slumped in defeat. He just wanted to know what was for dinner. He wasn’t ready for a heart-to-heart with Karen. He picked up the knife and set about cutting. ‘Sorry…about all this…’
'No,' Dean replied without thinking. He shifted his gaze from the box of amulets to Sam. Should he just come right out and admit everything? If things got too heated, he could always just fly away. No, he couldn't do it. He couldn't lose Sam. Pamela may have been accepting, but she had a whole new outlook on life and hadn't known Dean all her life. Sam wouldn't take Dean's angelic side very well. 'I dunno. Maybe he
‘He thinks Cas is gonna murder him in his sleep,’ Anna explained.
Castiel’s breath caught, and he looked down at Dean. ‘It…’ He swallowed and bit his lip. ‘It would probably be for the best.’
a field. A real one. I’m legit.’
‘What of?’ Sam asked as he went back to having both elbows on the table.
! Changed my mind! Lights!’
Anna’s shoulders slumped in resignation. ‘Yes, sir.’
‘I think your back looks great no matter what.’
Castiel leaned back and had to let go of Dean to avoid Anna’s looming presence. His wings were folded tightly against his back, as if he could hide them.
‘W-what?’ Dean stuttered, not sure what to make of the change in subject.
‘Shouldn’t think so,’ Crowley replied. ‘What would Michael and Lucifer have to gain from telling
. I have my priorities, and they are my
Gabriel chuckled and disappeared into the bathroom, leaving Sam to find his scattered clothes.
Dean traced the small slashes left by teeth. The skin was slightly raised and white. ‘You sure?’ he asked quietly. He stretched his legs out and ran his hands over his thighs. Everything felt different. Whereas he would normally feel slight pressure and temperature changes on his tail, his legs were highly sensitive. And they tingled and itch. He ran his nails over the fresh skin. ‘They’re like…arms. In the wrong place,’ he said to himself.
Castiel waved his hand dismissively. ‘Oh, I paint lots.’
‘He can’t,’ Gabriel replied from beside him. ‘He doesn’t know how. Besides, what could he do? He can’t just smite her. She doesn’t
Castiel’s brows came together as he looked at the pile of Dean’s clothes on the floor. Dean nudged him, and he got up and made his way to the pair of discarded jeans. He picked them up and looked at Dean.
Dean shrank back in surprise. ‘I got it off some guy that’s been followin’ me.’
‘What?! No!’ Dean glared up at his brother. ‘It’s just kissing. I know enough about humans that it doesn’t mean the same thing. He wanted it!’
‘Wetter,’ Castiel said. ‘You can’t… I’m in this mess because of you!’
The wendigo hadn't been expecting one of its prey to puff out a pair of wings, appearing much larger than originally thought. Castiel shouted for Dean to run. Dean didn't think twice.
‘What time is it?’ Sam asked. He looked at his clock to see that it was only eight in the morning. He breathed a sigh of relief, glad that he hadn’t slept in too late.
‘Hey, Karen…uh…’ Dean cautiously approached Karen.
,’ Sam explained. ‘
”?!’ Gabriel barked with laughter at Castiel’s undignified expression before a pillow was pushed into his face. He fell backward onto the pile of equipment with a loud squawk. He kicked out as Castiel straddled him, repeatedly bringing the pillow down onto his head.
‘Sorry,’ Dean said with a nervous laugh. ‘I just remembered something. Maybe we’ll run into each other later.’ He took a few steps back before turning away.
‘Maybe…Michael
‘You’re gonna give me a hickey…,’ Gabriel groaned.
Dean stared at his hands for a minute before looking up at Benny. ‘He didn’t show up last night,’ he said. ‘He said he would and he…never showed up.’
Dean pressed his forehead against the fridge. One demon… Just one. Not two or three. Just enough to tide him over until Sam was better. He groaned lowly as his Grace hummed for more. He spread his wings, casting shadows about the kitchen. No. He could do this. He could last a little longer. Why couldn’t he stop at just one?
Sam smiled as he let go of Gabriel. ‘No, I just need to look where I’m going,’ he said. His eyes traveled over the shorter man and continued down the line of people in the hall. His eyes rested on a very shocked looking redhead. He opened his mouth and quickly shut it, keeping himself from speaking his native tongue. He tried again, forcing a friendly smile. ‘I-I’m sorry… You look very familiar…’
‘Right,’ Crowley replied with a nod. ‘However, we demons usually discover our power under…less fortunate circumstances.’
'Because that's where the latest attack was,' Dean replied.
'So, one day you were taking this really long shower,' Gabriel said, keeping pace just behind Sam. 'I was getting worried, so I went to see what was up. And,
food, and sleeping on her
‘Anyway, back to you two,’ Jody said, leaning forward. ‘So what happened after Cas sexually assaulted you?’
‘Er…song?’
‘Harpoon would send the wrong message,’ Jody said, turning to her husband. ‘Maybe an oar? Or a baby shark! That would look great if you could get him to smile.’
He had a new career. There was no way around it. His reputation was ruined, so he probably wouldn’t be writing any papers for a long time, but that was always tedious anyway. The part of his job that he loved the most was actually being given to him. Travel and swimming. Well, he might not be in the water for the episodes that centered around myths based on land, but there would be plenty of free time to see the local sights.
Castiel sat on the floor beneath his window, numbly staring ahead. His eyes were red and puffy from crying nonstop. In his hands were the shattered remains of his cuff.
Bobby grimaced as his eyes took in the damage Dean has caused to himself. ‘Nothin’ to be sorry for…just…get better an’ we’ll talk,’ he said. ‘Why don’t you heal yourself?’
Crowley frowned at Dean’s hand. ‘That would depend on your intentions with my son,’ he replied, staring pointedly at Dean’s hand.
‘Are you saying you make bad decisions when you’re drunk?’ Dean asked with a raised brow.
Dean contemplated what he should tell Sam. His own reaction was taking its toll on Castiel—he didn't want to add Sam's inevitable freak out to the mix just yet. 'We got separated in there,' Dean replied. 'The wendigo was about to get me, and Cas showed up just in time to save my ass. He did good.'
were the male and Dean was the female,’ Castiel replied.
After the Rebellion, Seraphiel had followed Lucifer to Hell, but his brother pushed him out. Kept him away with a legion of freshly made demons, wearing the faces of their fallen brothers and sisters. With nowhere to go, he tried to return to Heaven, and the other angels punished him, marked him as a traitor by destroying his beautiful wings. Once white and shining with the light of the Morning Star, now they were stained red by
He dropped his hand to his side, grunting in disappointment. He looked over at Castiel, who was pulling a large, fluffy, orange tabby from the cat carrier. He grimaced at the cat. ‘How’s Muffin doing?’
‘Castiel!!’
Gabriel dropped his arms and stared at Castiel for a moment. ‘They what?’
Gabriel closed his eyes and prayed it was no one he knew. He didn’t want to get caught in the crossfire. ‘Well, good luck, then,’ he said. He had to admit, it was probably the only way he’d get to spend actual time with his brother. And if it was at the expense of some hapless student in the small college town, then so be it.
‘Cas, I was just at your apartment, packing your suitcase. Don’t give me that look! I saw your fridge,’ Gabriel said. He poked around the bookcases, looking at the books and seashells. ‘You can’t live off fishsticks.’
Crowley stared in shock at the aggressive display of fins surrounding a very angry and lowly clicking merman. Of all the things he had been expecting to walk in on, this had been the last. A loud sob from Castiel broke him from his shock.
‘Dean? What’s wrong? Did I hurt you?’ Castiel asked, letting go of the fin he held.
‘Demons and angels. You don’t care what it takes, who you have to take out,’ Bobby said, ‘as long as they’re taken care of.’
Crowley grinned as he shook her hand. He nodded as Karen’s eyes grew wide. ‘Quite the powerful one, you are.’
Benny watched in horrified fascination as Dean pulled the rest of his tail from the water and began pulling at a scale near his tailfin. ‘Dean, what are you…?’
‘Old enough to be the father of some of the girls that mail me their panties,’ Gabriel grumbled. ‘I swear, best part about this show is that I finally get someone else to go through my fanmail and be disgusted on my behalf.’
Castiel tried to imagine the scenario. It was difficult, but Dean was right. He was a potential threat. If he had a plan for future incidents, then maybe he could avoid having another accident. ‘I could put you to sleep,’ he suggested and looked hopefully at Dean.
‘I’m gonna get a new cuff! A better cuff! In designer colors!’ Gabriel exclaimed as he hugged his brother.
Dean’s eyes flicked up to Sam. ‘Yeah. Soul like that… Um…when… When you, uh, die…I can, well…someone can take you see her. Between me an’ Cas, we’re bound to know
Karen began to stand when Anna held up a hand. ‘I’ve got it,’ she said as she stood and headed towards the front door.
Karen nodded. ‘Yeah…’
It hurt, but Dean felt like he could die happy when Jimmy’s lips pressed gently against his own. He parted his lips to deepen the kiss, vaguely away of a sharp prick on his neck. Then all of his pain ended.
‘Thought what?’ Dean asked. He still couldn’t gather his thoughts. Not with Castiel’s bare chest within reach.
Sam smiled at Gabriel as he lay next to him. ‘So you liked that?’ he asked as he trailed his fingers over Gabriel’s wings. He dug deeper, feeling around where each wing connected to Gabriel’s back.
Gabriel let out his breath in shock and struggled to the surface. But which way was up? He kicked and flailed, hoping for the best. Something touched him. Was it a hand? Was it a tail? At least he was above the water. He reached for the boat, but he couldn’t get a grip on it. His arm came down onto something solid, and he latched onto with all his might, gasping and coughing.
might not need to eat, but
Sam shifted uncomfortably. 'Well, he must have had his reasons...,' Sam trailed off, looking to Gabriel for answers.
Sam lowered his gun and went up to inspect Dean. 'We're fine. What about you? What happened?'
Castiel sighed and looked away in embarrassment. ‘I believe Gabriel thinks this is a game,’ he said wearily. ‘But, now that you’re awake…’ He stood up, letting the ropes fall to the floor.
time,
Dean laughed as he leaned back. ‘I guess I could load up on ghosts and vamps and stuff…’
‘Uh… I’ve never seen one,’ Dean replied. He offered a smile. ‘Are they fun?’
His eyes focused on Dean’s concerned face when he felt a soft tapping on his shoe.
Lucifer nodded, not taking his eyes off Adam, who had begun to add little drawings of smiling fish to his sign.
‘Gabriel, tell me what you know about our mother.’
.-.-.-.-.
Anna blushed brightly as laughter broke out around her. She hadn’t meant to set herself up for that one. What was worse, she couldn’t tell if Samandriel was being serious.
‘Lucifer?’ Castiel asked, cutting off Balthazar’s rant. ‘Lucifer
Castiel bit back a moan as he let Dean push him down. ‘I wouldn’t worry
'No, shit!'
‘Tonight… Uh… I guess that’s okay.’ Castiel closed his eyes as Dean kissed his way up his arm.
‘You should find some shelter,’ Dean suggested. ‘Or hop in.’ He looked up at Sam with a small smile.
‘Ca—‘ Jimmy shook his head. He held his breath as Dean struggled up and lightly kissed his lips.
‘Huh?’
Why couldn’t one of his fellow angels have been there instead? He had
Anna and Balthazar exchanged confused looks.
‘That would be rather difficult to arrange.’
Dean’s fins vibrated with excitement as he lit up at the prospect of his mate sparkling in his arms. He squeaked and nodded eagerly.
Dean couldn't believe it. He was slightly in shock. An angel. A
‘I went to the Caribbean without even telling you. I called you on the third day from a boat,’ Castiel replied. ‘I think you were justified.’
‘Gabriel? Gabe?’
‘Jesus, kid… Pull yourself together!’ Bobby shouted. He stumbled when the ground beneath him shook. He looked up in time to catch Dean’s angry glare switch to pure panic.
‘Want me to pipe in some music?’
,’ Castiel replied. At Dean’s helpless stare, he continued. ‘It’s another mermaid movie. Um…Tom Hanks. Daryl Hannah. It’s not…horrible. Standard romantic comedy.’
them! And… Oh, God… The sounds he makes!’
‘Uh… It’s the uh…silver one.’ Gabriel received a dirty look and shrugged. ‘Clear case?’
Castiel sobbed uncontrollably as he hugged Dean as tight as he could. ‘I’m so sorry,’ he whispered frantically. ‘I never meant for this to happen… Dean… I love you! I never got to tell you!’
‘And now?’
‘You killed an illusion,’ Dean explained. He pointed to the door, and Castiel looked, laughing in relief at the sight of Sam and Gabriel. ‘It was just you and Gabe in the house that night.’
Small reminder that the Metatron mentioned is not CW Metatron.
Gabriel startled and stared at Castiel. ‘C-Cas…what about tomorrow?!’
Castiel stared at Dean with wide eyes. ‘O-okay,’ he stuttered in reply, barely able to keep the sudden bout of laughter that threatened to surface under control.
Dean felt Castiel’s Grace lightly probe what he projected as his soul. He readied himself for the recoil Castiel was sure to have at seeing the self-loathing Dean harbored as both angel and human. All he got was a sad stare.
She set a whole pie and a fork in front of him and stared expectantly.
Dean's head shot up and around a mouthful of pie asked 'You and
! But…if we present real evidence, then… Well, someone’s gonna come along and wanna catch it. Put it in an aquarium or mount in on a wall or cut it up,’ he explained. ‘In this business, less is more. Speculation and imagination.’
. Shit! Why didn’t I see it before?!’ Castiel dropped back onto the couch, growling in frustration. ‘They’re like
Sam sighed as he looked down at the map he had been working on. ‘Yeah…’
‘What about now?’
Charlie nodded as she stared out the kitchen window. She smiled at Dean as she stood. ‘
Sam nodded as he turned his attention back to the water. It had been years since he’d been in the ocean. Years since he’d last seen—
‘You’re not my dad,’ Gabriel said from behind the small group. ‘You probably
Castiel closed his eyes and tried to steady his breathing. He was having a hard time of it. With each breath, a new worry would come to the forefront of his mind. His greying hair, his well-meaning, but idiotic brother, his sulking ex-boyfriend… He twitched away as soft fur brushed against his back. At least Muffin liked Dean, and Dean liked Muffin.
Gabriel sighed. He moved so that he stood in front of Castiel. 'Look,' he said, placing his hands on Castiel's shoulders. 'Mom was s'posed to give you “the talk,” not me...'
Gabriel stopped just short of the door and turned back to Balthazar. ‘Uh… What does Scotland have to do with him ditching you?’ he asked in confusion.
Dean stared at the cat. None of the shows he had seen had a cat on them. A few mentioned cats, but this was the first time he had seen one. He handed the bag of scuba gear to Castiel and knelt down to get a closer look.
Dean made a grab for Castiel’s tie and made a delighted giggle when he grasped it. ‘Then go keep watch in the hall,’ he growled as he yanked on the tie. He made a sloppy attempt at kissing Castiel’s mouth. He started to bring up his other hand, but found it being held down. He looked down at Castiel’s hand lightly holding his wrist in place.
‘Thanks,’ Sam said and quickly headed for Gabriel.
‘What? Wait, what are you talking about?’
‘She’s not,’ Castiel agreed, looking up to meet Anna’s eyes.
She stopped in her tracks and tensed up. 'I heard...something,' she admitted. 'There was a survivor.  A demon saw the massacre from a distance. He said it was an angel, but its...its wings were the color of blood. He was cruel, ruthless. Just tore into them, sealed them in their bodies, and made them beg for death. They're calling him the demon-angel.'
‘But…there are humans living there! Demons! O-one of the werewolves there has never harmed
‘Um… They’re uh…kinda dicks? Well, Michael’s a fucking asshole, Lucifer’s manipulative as fuck, and Gabriel’s, well maybe he’s not really a dick. But he can be sometimes. I will admit it was funny when he got that freshman to think he was abducted by aliens.’
Dean made a face before turning back to watch Castiel. He winced as Castiel attempted a punch only to be pushed aside and thrown to ground. ‘Well, someone definitely needs to teach him to throw a punch.’
‘He just wants Castiel,’ Crowley said. ‘He wants his power. We can
‘Well…I don’t know how many of us there are,’ Charlie said, forcing herself to relax. ‘Leaving home…it’s not exactly something we do. Even moving to another community is frowned upon. Unless it’s for mating.’
‘No.’ Castiel’s shoulders shook as he stared at the floor. ‘Please don’t hurt them,’ he begged.
'Fishsticks? What's so funny about—' Dean pointed accusingly at Gabriel. 'You changed the message!'
!’ he cried as he pushed against the arms around him.
that’d be willing to help out and give directions.’
‘Now… It’s up to you. If you continue with the show, I’ll stay. If you leave, I’ll leave,’ Castiel said. ‘But…I’m taking Dean with me.’
Gabriel shied away when Sam faced him. 'It just popped up! And then it was...gone. This wasn't a good idea.'
‘That would be a conflict of interest,’ Jimmy replied.
Gabriel hugged Sam’s neck and nodded solemnly. ‘Yeah, I guess.’
As Balthazar took a seat, Castiel stood. ‘I’ve lost my appetite,’ he said quietly, pushing his plate to Dean and leaving the kitchen.
Sam watched in horror as Dean sniggered before being dragged away by Castiel.
‘And the doors not matching up correctly?’ Crowley asked, and Gabriel ducked his head, mumbling an apology. ‘How many times did the front entrance lead to the roof?’
He knocked on the third door of the hallway and waited. The door opened to reveal Balthazar with a towel loosely wrapped around his hips. ‘I…was looking for Anna, actually. But the same question still applies.’
‘Castiel, I’m being very patient. Don’t even pretend that damned thing works on you.’
Bobby cleared his throat, drawing everyone’s attention. ‘So, what can we expect from Lucifer and Michael? I get that they’re angels, but do you know what they’re gonna try?’ he asked.
He was so engrossed in his conversation, he didn’t notice the figure that stopped in front of him until it spoke.
‘Yes. The cat,’ Crowley said distastefully. ‘No, you do not love that cat! That demon scratched—hey!’
'Poor bastards,' Dean mumbled as he tossed an empty box of ammo aside. He heard his name called and turned to face Castiel.
?! No one’s dying. Oh, God. You’re not dying, are you?!’ Gabriel ran his hands through his hair and down his neck.
Gabriel glanced up and caught Castiel’s spaced out look. Castiel was going to
'Don't think I haven't noticed you slackin' off,' Bobby replied before returning to his desk.
stealing the show!’
‘We believe Lucifer will want me on his side,’ Castiel clarified. ‘Michael, however, will call for my death.’
‘Yeah. Reminds me of a vibrator I once had,’ Castiel replied. ‘It was pearlescent. Dean’s not exactly pearlescent, but there is a bit of a sheen to it. Probably from the nacre.’ He glanced at Gabriel and gave him a bit of a smile. ‘They can produce nacre!’
'What? No! It's just...I've never heard of black wings before.'
Castiel nodded. ‘Y-yes. He uh…works there, actually,’ he eventually replied.
Castiel looked at his brother. He wanted to stay with Dean, but…he was a threat. There may be no accidental deaths because of him now, but the cuff’s magic wouldn’t save Dean and his family from Lucifer.
Sam’s relief at the news was palpable. 'Good. Bobby called,' he said, changing the subject.
‘Like getting arrested at a strip club.’
.-.-.-.-.
Balthazar raised Castiel’s shirt, and several gasps were heard as everyone else gathered around to see. ‘That’s not a scratch, that’s a
Karen gave Castiel an apologetic grimace.
Dean laughed, and Bobby stared at Castiel, open-mouthed. ‘How—?’ Bobby shook his head and lead Castiel to a nearby lamp, grabbing a rag on the way. He unplugged the lamp and pulled the lamp shade off. ‘Make sure the power’s off first,’ he said, showing the plug to Castiel. He took the rag and grabbed hold of what was left of the bulb. ‘Or a potato’ll work, too.’
Gabriel blinked at the picture of himself standing next to a plaster dinosaur. ‘Oh. Oh! Right! Sorry!’ He laughed as he signed his autograph with a flourish. ‘Wow! That is…that’s an old one,’ he said fondly.
'He grabbed me, and I could feel
‘Are…are you gonna turn us over to them?’ he quietly asked.
Castiel’s eyes widened, and he gripped Dean’s shoulders tightly. ‘Oh. L-like marriage… A ritual. Right. I almost forgot… I’m probably making a mess of it. What am I supposed to do?’
Castiel shook his head. ‘It’s all right,’ he said quietly. ‘I’m all right.’
.-.-.-.-.
He felt bad for the girl as she hurried to collect everything before the crowd around her could trample her food. And then a man in a tan overcoat stooped down and helped her. Dean frowned as he stared at the man. Dark hair, dark suit, tan coat… Was it the same man he had kissed nearly a month ago?
‘Do what?’ Balthazar asked.
do something stupid, there won’t be any publicity about it.’
Dean slowly sank back down, spitting out the rest of the water. ‘Not like you woulda changed… Not with a couple drops.’
Michael pressed their foreheads together, sending feelings of love and regret flowing into Lucifer. He sent all the happiness and satisfaction he had felt from his time working with the Campbells. All the love and innocence he had felt from Mary Campbell. The purity he had felt coming from Dean Winchester. The entire reason he had left his brother.
about Castiel. There’s something in the spell to protect us angels from those who would abuse it.’
The lock gave a soft click.
Karen nodded. ‘You…you and Sam are such bright boys… If anyone could change things…I think the two of you would be the ones to do it.’
‘Answer the question, Cas,’ Dean ground out, though from Castiel’s silence, he had a pretty good idea.
. That one’s gotta be better’n Ruby. Strip ‘im to his skivvies and do a cavity search,’ Dean added with a giggle. ‘Tha’s a good idea… Wanna play T… T… Airplane strip search? Mmm…’ He sucked on Castiel’s fingers while moaning.
It was early evening when they arrived back at the Singer house. Dean grunted as he hefted one of the duffels over his shoulder. He was about to head for the front door, but was stopped by a hand at his elbow. He looked behind himself to find Castiel staring warily at the house.
He let himself relax as Dean gently stroked his hair and Muffin settled down. He would be spared Jody’s interrogation for at least a few hours. He may as well try to get a little sleep in the mean time.
. I’m not having any…scenes.’
killed an innocent. Not a
Dean sucked in a breath. ‘C-change things? Us?’ he weakly asked.
Lucifer knew the layout of Bobby’s property. He knew exactly who was staying at the house. What monsters Castiel was fighting.
Then Dean would slowly lean down as Castiel would shiver in anticipation, the cold long forgotten. He would kiss the angel so long and slow. Explore every corner and crevice of his mouth. Taste every small bit he could.
‘He could have turned right around and given up her location after he was freed,’ Sam said. ‘But he didn’t. We could work with that.’
‘You don’t know much about the equipment, huh?’ Sam asked with a teasing grin.
Dean looked down and back up to Castiel. ‘Uh…yeah.’ He grinned as he stretched his fins as much as the tub would let him. ‘My tail may not be much, but I know I’ve got a great lookin’ cock!’ he stated proudly. He reached down and wrapped his hand around his penis. It was light violet with dark green stripes. With his other hand, he used his fingers to spread open his slit.
Dean pulled Castiel into a hug and scratched at his wings. ‘Maybe you were supposed to be an Archangel and your demon half stunted your growth or something? I mean, your dad
, and focus on us. And losing a few layers.’
'Is something wrong?' Castiel asked, pulling away and breaking Dean from his thoughts.
‘While I…while I was in his head, I saw…’ Gabriel turned so that he was straddling the window sill. His eyes kept darting up to meet Sam’s then away. ‘Dean’s gonna make him a new cuff,’ he said quietly. ‘Go back to the way things were…’
listening in on them…he was going to give them a performance they would not forget.
Crowley looked between the two and stood. ‘I gotta get back to Jody before she gets worried… Just…
Castiel glared up Gabriel.
have gotten there sooner.’
The sight made Sam a little jealous. He was jealous of Castiel, being able to snuggle up to Gabriel, and he was jealous of the brothers in general. It had been years since he and Dean would have been found in a similar position. Anymore, Dean referred to any form of affection as a ‘chick flick moment,’ and shied away.
Castiel looked confused. ‘I…I don’t understand… I wasn’t…“prancing around.” And I don’t know of any other angels that would do so after—no, I’m wrong. Gabriel would certainly prance about in celebration.’
Bobby watched Karen leave then went back to glaring at Crowley. ‘You look familiar.’
‘You awake?’ Dean asked.
Sam laid a hand on Gabriel's shoulder and gave a reassuring squeeze. 'That's all right,' he said. 'We've been doing this without an angel for years.'
‘I suppose…you could call me your uncle,’ the angel replied. He reached out and ran his hand over Castiel’s wing. ‘You are something very special, Castiel.’
agreed to leave the island with him and made him feel like he was the luckiest man alive.
‘It’s communication, and it’s important! It’s important to
‘Well, since I’m here, I might as well look at it,’ he said. He leaned past Castiel and looked over the engine. ‘Y’know, I was afraid you had something a lot newer than this. Hmm… She looks fine. More than fine, really. Is the engine having trouble turning over?’
‘I thought she was supposed to teach him
A vicious car wreck left Dean in a coma for a week, while Sam and John faced less threatening injuries. Hospitals were protected from all manner of monsters, but not well-bribed men. John died from a bullet to the head before Sam tackled the intruder.
Gabriel flattened his hand, pressing the case against his chest. ‘Yeah, just peachy! Sorting out roomies.’
‘We were just talking about love at first sight,’ Jody said as Crowley moaned in embarrassment. ‘Dean said he was skinny dipping when he first met you. And you were…drunk off your ass?’ she said innocently. ‘And
‘We’re smart enough to avoid your ships,’ Dean added.
‘Hey, I can swim!’ Gabriel said defensively. ‘I’m just concerned that that thing might…blow up or something.’
‘Snipe hunts were part of the sex talk?’
‘That sounds about right,’ Castiel said with a shrug. ‘I kinda remember Sam scowling at Dean, and Charlie helping me back to my room.’
Gabriel gave a nervous grin. 'Who pretends to be a Trickster and has two thumbs?' He brought up his hand and pointed his thumbs at himself. 'This guy!'
‘What the hell do you think you’re doing?!’ Sam shouted.
Crowley grimaced. ‘There are a few that can’t control their…urges,’ he admitted.
‘I didn’t know what you’d like, so I just ordered a little of everything,’ Castiel explained, setting the tray on the coffee table. ‘How are you liking the movie?’
have something extra special for you,’ Dean said as he nuzzled Castiel’s neck.
He reached up to the zipper pull at the back of his neck and stopped. He crossed his arms and threw a glare up at Balthazar. ‘Must you do that?’
‘I think…you should quit your job,’ Dean said gruffly as he slowly guided Castiel closer. He was delighted when Castiel didn’t put up any resistance.
He found that Castiel’s own worry and fear were doubling up on his own, making him feel much worse. Now that he could tell the difference, he felt more at ease. Not great but it was a start.
Gabriel shot up and flailed his way out of bed.
Castiel laughed and pulled out of Dean. ‘Right. Never got any complaints, but I know I’m not
‘D-Dean?! What… Oh, God.’ Castiel covered his mouth with his hand as he hugged himself. His heart beat faster and faster as the small fishing vessel drew closer.
Dean rolled his eyes at Sam’s lack of enthusiasm. It was a great museum. So many beautiful classic cars on display. But...when thinking of any other angel, then, yeah. He could see Sam’s doubt in an angel having any interest in it. 'His loss,' he said and went back to sifting through the box.
‘What is wrong with you?!’ Gabriel hissed when he shut the door behind them.
‘No, you’re not,’ Dean replied. ‘Think I woulda noticed if you were a lady. Unless… Is there something I don’t know about humans that I
The young man nodded and went to stand on the paper. He smiled at the others gathered in the clearing as Charlie clipped a small microphone to the collar of his shirt. She handed him the recorder and had him place it in his back pocket.
‘Been rolling for the past two minutes,’ Balthazar said.
Dean cupped Castiel’s face in his hands. ‘No! You don’t get to do that! Not…not for those reasons!’
Dean gripped Castiel's shoulder, making sure to 'accidentally' brush against the wing. 'Don't worry, I'll protect you.'
‘Yeah, but I thought you
Lucifer’s eyes narrowed as he noticed that Dean was alive, despite the large blood stains on his torso. He tried to struggle, but the angels holding him were strong. ‘How…?!’ He glared up at Michael. ‘Let me go, brother.’
Gabriel blushed brighter and stared at the floor. ‘No reason.’
‘You speak English?!’ Sam said in shock. ‘
‘Front pocket. Left side,’ Dean said, grinning.
‘There’s no such thing.’
Bobby dropped the armful of books he had been carrying and spun to face the intruder. ‘Dean?! You…you idjit angel!’ He stalked up to Dean, fully prepared to punch him. ‘Use the damned door!’
‘Think of all the angry sex we can have, now!’ Gabriel chuckled at Sam’s confused stare. ‘Won’t be able to yell at you about anything specific, but, fuck, angry sex is therapeutic.’
Dean set his shorts under a bush before jumping out into the shallow water. He had found that keeping his legs together and swimming helped ease the itching burn of the change. He winced as muscles shifted and bones separated.
‘Moose and…oh! I’ve seen that! I
‘Yeah, but…it’s not just that.’
smell like the ocean. I like it.’ He sat up and helped Dean upright. ‘I think we can squeeze in a couple more movies before my date. Any requests?’
He heard Gabriel's loud laughter coming from the kitchen. He slowly poked his head around the corner. Everyone but Karen sat around the table, and there were two empty seats. He chewed on his lip as he watched the others interact. Dean was acting as if nothing had happened, and he appeared to be wearing clothes that were a touch too big for him. And Gabriel was sitting awfully close to Sam.
Dean stared at the naked wrist. He took Castiel’s right hand and pulled out the binding cuff. ‘How’s about round two?’ he said before slapping the cuff onto Castiel’s wrist.
‘Fuck,’ Castiel mumbled. Maybe he could catch Dean at tomorrow. He didn’t know Dean’s schedule, or how often the other man joined Benny. At least he knew he would definitely see the other man on Friday. It was Wednesday. A little more than twenty-four hours, and he was guaranteed an answer of some sort. If Dean didn’t have an answer, then maybe Benny did.
‘Stop it. Just release me. Let me go back to my father. Everyone would be much happier.’ Castiel twisted the cuff on his wrist. He pulled his wings more tightly about himself. He didn’t want to go, but he had to. He was a threat to Dean and everyone Dean loved. He knew it. Why was he trying to kid himself that he could live like a normal angel? He truly believed he could control his power around humans, but other creatures? The ones that had no redeeming quality, no soul? That, he definitely couldn’t help. He even tried to control it on occasion—at the cost of a few of his father’s employees.
Seraphiel had stuck by Lucifer. Even when he didn't agree, he stuck by his older brother. And he paid for it. Banished, cut off, ignored. He suffered for his actions and was still suffering. When he spoke of deserving punishment, he hadn't meant punishment for torturing souls in Hell.
‘But, hey! I have lighter hair, so…you can’t tell most of the time.’ Charlie raised her arms up with a proud smile. ‘But I
‘Heya, Dean-o!’ Gabriel greeted as he bounded into the living room. ‘Hey! I like this movie!’ He leaned over the back of the couch and grinned at Dean.
The angel lifted his hand to his face and examined his wrist. 'Is this what I think it is?' he questioned softly.
Dean smiled to himself. Possessing that nun was a good memory. A fun memory. Spanking may have been involved.
Balthazar patted the bag hanging over his shoulder. ‘I have video to prove it,’ he said.
‘Gabriel, I order you to tell me what you mean by “time bomb”!’
‘Is he taking a shower?’ Dean asked.
Dean shrugged. ‘Whatever you want. I wanna learn what kinda stuff you like,’ he said. It was the truth, but it was a good way to avoid saying that he had never seen any movies other than what he’d already seen with Castiel.
‘And what about you? Huh? Would
The old house was enormous. What was once a beautiful, small mansion was now an abandoned hotel. Windows were boarded up, paint was peeling, and the ceiling was slowly crumbling away. Dean pulled out his makeshift EMF detector, watching the lights pulse across the top.
‘Please forgive Gabriel’s behavior,’ Castiel said. It was his automatic response for when his brother turned to rudeness around other angels. He looked up at Balthazar. ‘But, I do agree with him. Your help is neither needed nor wanted. We’re not helpless.
‘Kinda diggin’ the view from up here. How’s about you do a little backstroke?’ Gabriel said with a laugh, covering up the nervous strain in his voice. ‘Besides, sea water and clothes aren’t the best mix. Makes me chafe.’
Dean pulled Jimmy onto the dance floor, only meeting a small amount of resistance. He faced the other man and pulled him in close, earning a small gasp. As much as he wanted to see what other sounds Jimmy could make, he had other priorities. He dropped his smile and glared at Jimmy. ‘Why the fuck are you following me?’ he growled.
Bobby nodded and turned to leave. ‘I’ll see what I can do.’
kept it from me,’ he replied.
Castiel lifted his eyes to stare at Lucifer. ‘I-I’ll find a way.’
‘I do just fine, thank you!’ Castiel replied defensively. It was true. He could protect himself quite well. Though it tended to be at the last minute.
Balthazar entered the lobby, lugging a camera and a couple bags. He looked upset as he set the bags and camera down and moved to lean on the front desk. ‘I feel sorry for your brother,’ he said conversationally.
When Anna said only four angels had seen God, he had to think for a moment.
Castiel nodded as he pulled himself into a kneeling position and coughed. ‘Y-Ye—‘ He broke off into another coughing fit. When he could breathe normally, he took a moment to catch his breath. His head was still swimming in alcohol. He looked over to see a young man staring at him with wide eyes. He blinked slowly as he replayed what had just happened. ‘Were you under the pier?’
It was when the children of these villagers were born that the beings known as angels and demons came into the world. Each special villager's first born was a set of twins. One angel and one demon. Any other children they had after were normal humans.
Dean bit his lip. ‘Ghosts leave me…noticeably high. Everything else… Well, someone would notice if a bunch of monsters went missing. And it would take a hell of a lot of them to make up for one demon.’
‘Hey! Hey, Sammy!’
Dean stared at her, dumbfound. ‘W-what…?’
.-.-.-.-.
the merfolk way. As he thought back to that moment, he realized that was when he had actually snapped, clinging to the one thing that made sense in the chaos that his life had become: research. He groaned miserably and buried his face in his hands. He had been so horrible to Dean, and Dean had happily gone along, completely clueless.
different.’
Dean gave Castiel one last squeeze, reveling in the flare of happiness he felt, before he headed inside.
'Right...' Dean wouldn't have described himself as such. 'Anyway, back to the tour. We only have one TV, but you'll have to fight Karen for the remote. Word of advice: Don't.'
Sam nodded. There was a knock at the door. Gabriel beat him to a reply.
The two men looked over as Castiel’s voice drifted closer.
Dean looked up, frowning. Castiel’s voice came from further away. He found Castiel standing next to the door, his hand resting on the handle. ‘So that’s it. You’re just gonna leave. Drop that fucking bombshell on me, then ditch?’
Castiel stared back a Dean. Bloodied bodies were scattered around him, and he currently held a man by the neck. His hand was frozen halfway, knife poised to dive into the man’s gut.
‘We’ll take it off and have a little fun,’ he said and kissed Castiel again.
Dean nodded as he picked up a cardboard box from on top of a barrel. He popped it open and tossed a sealed bag of green muck into it. Suddenly, he didn’t feel quite so confident. ‘I’m pretty sure I read the situation right… I think. I mean, what else could he want?’
‘We could dress up like dryads!’ Gabriel said as he stood.
'What's so funny?' Dean asked.
Gabriel leaned forward, resting his elbows on the table. He grinned up at Sam. ‘French or Tahitian?’
‘And how do
Gabriel looked down the stairwell, noticing multiple missing steps. 'I'm not going down there.'
‘It means I can’t talk about it,’ Crowley replied.
He shook his head. Sam had a tail
Gabriel took a deep breath before turning around in Sam’s arms and leaning back against Sam. He looked around the room, carefully studying each person.  Everyone but him seemed to be taking the news pretty well. Sam followed his own brother’s lead of calmness, and Gabriel guessed that Castiel and Dean had already spoken about the issue—Castiel certainly didn’t seem to be worried. Neither did Crowley nor Jody. ‘So… You seem better today,’ he said, looking Castiel over.
Gabriel threw his arms up. ‘Now what?!’
Balthazar raised a brow at Castiel as he tilted his head. ‘Then why focus on the compulsion and binding spells?’
‘I pay you, don’t I?’
‘Just an all-around handyman, huh?’ Gabriel said with a suggestive wink. ‘I have a few things that you could be
that the last two! Combined! Oh, Cas, you shoulda been there! You would have loved it,’ Gabriel said as he hurried up to his brother and wrapped an arm around him.
of us. Cas, too.’
Charlie gasped and spun around, pressing herself against the desk. She stared up at the older man with wide eyes. A hand touched her shoulder and she jumped. She quickly glanced over her shoulder, afraid to take her eyes off the man in front of her, and saw Sam’s reassuring smile.
Gabriel licked his lips and swallowed. ‘This is what you meant,’ he said quietly.
Gabriel violently shook his head. ‘Dad sent them. They’re here to take us away. Anyone else, and I’d say they really were here as protection, but
Castiel glanced up and back down at Dean’s hip. He busied himself with kissing his way from Dean’s left hip to his right, examining the skin as he went. There was subtle shift in color. It was too jagged to be a tan line, and there were other, darker, shifts in color that Castiel had noticed along the length of Dean’s legs and large patches of light freckles. Dean moaned his name, pulling Castiel from his thoughts.
Sam came up next to Dean and frowned. ‘But…you’re not an angel,’ he said.
‘Neither.’
‘No…uh… I mean… I’m not opposed, but…’ Castiel covered his mouth as he was overcome with giggles.
The angel looked over his shoulder, as if he expected to see his wings a different color. He stretched them a little. 'Yes, they are naturally this color,' he replied. He looked back to Dean. 'May I see my brother?'
Dean laughed as Castiel lugged him up another step.
‘Bobby and I can go,’ Karen said. ‘We’ve got a good reputation among Hunters. And I haven’t heard anything bad about us from other angels.’
kinky,’ Castiel grumbled at the same time.
Gabriel grinned. ‘C’mon, Dean-o.
'More work than it was worth,' Bobby replied as he entered the room. After a large yawn, he looked around the room, and his eyes fell on Castiel. He gave a big smile. 'And just where did Dean find you?'
Castiel tried to form words, but nothing came out. There was a pressure against his back, and he fell forward, onto his knees. He glanced back as saw the violet tailfin spread out behind him. He breathed raggedly as he looked back at Dean.
‘I need a boat. A boat that’s not…that one,’ Castiel replied, pointing his thumb over his shoulder at the rental boat in the distance. ‘I can pay you.’
Gabriel rolled his eyes and looked over at Castiel. His mouth opened and closed before he found his voice. ‘W-when did you get that?!’
If a Hunter was in town on a job, he or she would normally be offered free room and board. It became a tradition. Payment for a job well done, or a Hunter's last meal.
‘We’re back,’ Sam said quietly. ‘I…I’ll just stay out of your way. I’d appreciate if you didn’t say anything.’
'I believe neither of us wished to bring you discomfort,' Castiel replied.
Castiel turned his head and eyed Balthazar’s lips for a moment before closing the distance between them. He laced his fingers through Balthazar’s hair as he kissed him deeply, moaning quietly. He heard a soft splash as he pulled away and stared at his ex. ‘Sorry.’
‘You coulda just unplugged them,’ he said as she sat on the couch and tried to find a channel that was not talking about the recently freed angels.
Gabriel threw his head back and bucked against Sam, digging his fingers into the bedding. ‘Oh, God!’
Dean grinned and put his arm over the back of the seat. ‘So, you wanna go snipe hunting?’
'Well, you were hoping to catch him,' Sam replied, gesturing to Gabriel. He knew his brother through and through, and he knew that despite taking it well on the surface, Dean's inner monologue must be throwing a hissy fit.
Castiel laughed and tapped Dean’s nose. ‘And
Dean licked his lips. It appeared that Castiel really didn't know. How should he go about this? Play the dumb human? Boast of what he used to be? No, he had one question that needed answering, and he needed it now. 'Why? Why did you rescue me from Hell?'
‘I didn’t have time to clean up!’
‘That’s why it doesn’t work right on Cas. It can’t run off his power,’ Gabriel said softly. The suspicion was always there. His adoptive father had done plenty of research on the subject of the cuffs after Castiel’s feathers had come in. He knew what each spell on the cuff did. He watched as Crowley had tried to change the spell, but the bloodspell that was interwoven throughout the spell prevented any changes by those not descended from the Witch.
Dean shook his head, staring at the screen as he clicked on another link that lead to nothing useful. He sighed and leaned back. ‘Pie. Pie would be nice.’
'Let me go,' Gabriel suggested, but went ignored.
‘I’m sorry.’
He had his own stalker-angel. He didn’t know what to think. He turned over another photo to find a badly written poem on the back.
‘Oh, God. The glitter-kitsch and snow globes,’ Gabriel mumbled as Castiel nodded. He picked at a piece of lint on his shorts. The seams were still damp from his dip in the ocean. ‘I don’t know what to do.’
Gabriel sighed as he slouched forward. He shook his head as he stared at the floor. ‘Y’know… I always thought that if I found something, I’d be a lot more excited. Or…calm or just…I dunno. Take it better,’ he said.
Dean let his eyes fall shut. He panicked when the feeling of sleep began to pull on him. His eyes flew open, and he reached desperately for Castiel. He clung onto Castiel’s arm as his heart raced. ‘I don’t wanna fall asleep,’ he whispered. ‘Not now…not yet… I… I need to talk to Sam first.’ His eyes were wide and pleading as he stared at Castiel. ‘I can’t be out of it when I… Not with the way I left things.’
‘Do you think I’m a…horrible, lying fish?’ Dean asked quietly.
‘You don’t happen to have a knife on you, do you?’ he asked.
Sam grinned as Gabriel tried to sit up, resting on shaky elbows. ‘Take it you liked that?’
Castiel shook his head. ‘I didn’t wish to intrude.’
‘Hey!
‘Don’t lie to me! I’m onto you now!’ Gabriel got as close to the edge of the dock as he dared. ‘I said take some time off, not get off with the film crew!’
‘So…that’s not weird?’ Gabriel asked in a careful tone.
kinda short. Maybe that’s coming through in your wings?’
game?’
‘I was arrested with ten others, released after I sobered up, and was arrested again the next night,’ Castiel replied. ‘The second time, I was able to sue the city and never worry about college tuition again.’
Dean nodded then stood. Castiel pulled a frown as Dean left the room. His attention immediately went straight to his left wrist. He squeezed his hand around it, rubbed it, and scratched at it. He just couldn’t
‘Better than you, at least,’ Anna replied.
Gabriel huffed and dragged his feet as they reached the picnic table and benches that sat beneath a tree just outside the back door. He fell against the tree and gave Sam a reassuring grin. ‘I’m good,’ he gasped. ‘Just…just might be a little…whew. A little out of shape.’
Gabriel pulled a face at the slight urgency in Castiel’s tone. His brother would definitely be crashing soon. He really should have waited before making him sign the contract. Why did
are you?’ he asked, crossing his arms as he threw a glare at Dean’s hands on his brother’s shoulders. The last thing his brother needed was someone taking advantage of his fragile state.
Dean sighed and gave Castiel a reassuring squeeze. ‘You went all peacock. Knocked everyone off their feet and took out a few windows,’ he replied.
to steal it!’ Castiel moaned as he leaned back. He growled as Gabriel pulled him back up.
Dean chuckled. ‘Don’t worry. I get it,’ he said. ‘Gabriel jumped off the roof a few times to see if he could fly.’
‘Mm…more,’ Dean groaned, grabbing Castiel’s shoulders as they moved in time. Castiel shifted above him, and with Castiel’s next thrust, Dean gasped, unable to keep the soft click that came from the back of his throat. He tensed, but Castiel kept moving, too wrapped up in loving Dean’s neck. He relaxed and went right back to enjoying the feeling of Castiel’s cock pushing in and out of him.
Gabriel’s eyes flicked up. Sam didn’t look angry. Not yet, at least. ‘I brought you some drinks and appetizers. You were really amused by my nametag, and uh…you were very friendly. At first, it was just part of the job, but…then you pulled me on your lap and kissed me. And it was…it was really nice.’
Sam blushed under the attention and gave Jody a friendly smile. ‘That’s not the kind of image we’re trying to promote,’ he said. ‘But I’m sure there are a few of our regulars that wish it was.’
Castiel’s expression showed his confusion. ‘Up until a few minutes ago, I was under the impression that you have been trying to seduce me.’
She waved off Castiel’s outburst.
‘So… You tell that game show host yet?’ Bobby asked.
off.’
“Dean,” isn’t it?’
Dean nodded. ‘Jess. But you did. Didn’t have too many partners to explore with.’
Both human and merman froze at the sound of the sliding door opening.
He wanted Sam. He wanted
Samandriel frowned in annoyance as he crossed out the night’s schedule for Gabriel. He was trying to be understanding. Castiel was having a nervous breakdown, and Gabriel needed to be there for him. He understood that. He knew that Gabriel felt responsible for Castiel’s well-being. But that didn’t excuse all the other little push backs and rescheduling requests. The past few days were worse than normal.
‘You were. It was pretty uh…frustrating,’ Dean said, lightly elbowing Castiel. ‘You had me pretty riled up,’ he added, waggling his fingers to demonstrate his fins.
Then Sam noticed small things going missing, turning up in strange places. He found his wallet in the back of the freezer multiple times. His clothes were being found in the glove compartments of the junkers littering Bobby's property. He had no idea where his soap ended up.
‘No, no. It’s fine. You can tell him after, oh, say…five years? No, ten. Tell him in ten years.’
‘C’mon! How could he forget
him.'
one of his friends. Had almost forced him to kill the man he loved. Lucifer, who had taken matters into his own hands and shot Dean with a gun meant for supernatural creatures.
Gabriel glared as Anna smiled. He noticed that the camera was still recording and trained directly on him. He narrowed his eyes before turning back to the boat and the pair of men it held. ‘Fine! But that’s gonna cost you!’ he said, slowly letting a grin surface. ‘Bal, be sure to get a really nice shot of that tramp stamp. The more voyeuristic, the better.’
‘Oh! Sorry! Right, uh…’ Anna wiped at her eyes, still giggling. ‘Yeah, that sounds great. Just hand it over to Samandriel when it’s ready.’
‘What?! Is he okay?’ Sam blinked as he remembered who ‘Cas’ was. ‘Never mind. I mean…’
settled… What do we do about Michael and Lucifer?’ Gabriel asked.
‘Oh, God.
‘It was great!
Dean stopped short of the door and faced Sam. He contemplated not telling Sam some of what was going on, but… Sam needed to know. To understand just how bad the demon blood was. He sighed heavily and looked away.
‘I…that is… Would you like to help?’
‘I can be like that,’ Castiel agreed. ‘Sorry. Look, when I’m in a committed relationship, I’m committed. If a little…unobservant. I get lost in my work. I uh… I take off without a word and show up with no warning. Scared a few people with that.’
advice was a complete failure,’ Castiel tersely replied.
‘Cas, I need you here! I need you on the show,’ Gabriel pleaded. He came closer to Castiel and smiled uncertainly. ‘He just points the camera at you, splices stuff together…no talking. You guys don’t need to interact.’
‘Just planning how to wash off the chlorine,’ Dean replied as he faced Castiel. Just over Castiel’s shoulder, he could see Muffin pacing back and forth, locked inside. He looked down at the box and frowned at the series of squiggles on the side. There was a pattern to them, but it didn’t look like a drawing. ‘What’s that?’
‘What does Angel Corp want with Dean?’ Sam growled as he tightened his grip.
Castiel stared sadly at Karen. ‘I can’t let you kill my father.’
'Blowjobs,' Dean automatically replied. He elaborated after Gabriel's indignant squawk. 'Y'see, Cas, some girls—or guys—just don't like the taste of cum, so they'll give blowjobs with a condom. Normal condoms don't taste or smell too good, so...flavored condoms.'
‘I uh…kinda like reading them,’ Samandriel quietly admitted.
you freaked out.’
!’ Balthazar shouted.
‘It’s not that,’ Gabriel insisted. ‘It’s… Look, I’m still kinda mad at you, and I take it upon myself to uh…sleep on the couch, as it were.’
Dean stiffened. ‘W-what?’
It was there! It was real! He had seen it with his own eyes!
He had already decided the plump girl tending the stall with the baked goods was destined to marry the fish monger’s son. His eyes drifted over the crowd in front of a stall full of fresh produce, settling on a young girl struggling to carry several bags. He winced as she lost her grip, and the bags and their contents fell to the ground.
‘Yes, I do! I don’t want to be here. I don’t want be around…around
‘What Crowley said,’ Castiel whispered. ‘This won’t work. You can’t be part of the crew!’
‘Right! So,
‘Dolphin… Uh…’ He wracked his brain for what a dolphin was. He had heard the term, but he couldn’t place it. ‘What’s a dolphin?’
‘So what made him want to leave?’ Sam asked.
invited!’
Dean’s smile slipped as blood bloomed across his chest and dripped down. ‘Cas…’
Sam looked away and grimaced. ‘I’m really sorry about that. I had no idea… You…you said you could swim.’
Dean looked up as he processed the information. ‘Uh…sure. Explains all the chairs under the doorknobs.’
Dean hated to admit it, but he could definitely use a break from the pain. And the longer it lasted, the better. He just didn’t like the loopiness that went with it. He watched as Anna found a vein and taped the needle down. He grunted in reply when she warned him not to move too much.
‘I’m missing something,’ Gabriel muttered as he looked between his brother and the man he’d never seen before. ‘I know Cas has a skewed sense of humor, but this is…weird.’
Castiel smirked as he unwrapped the condom and poured out more lube. ‘You’re really enjoying this,’ Castiel observed. ‘Like seeing this side of you…completely wrecked and begging for more.’
‘Why are you so…I dunno…hard?’ Dean asked.
‘Well, you want the reward of following orders, but the freedom to choose,’ Dean replied. ‘And I…I’m having trouble separating the spells. They’re just so fucking interwoven… I don’t think they were meant to be separated. It’s just…it’d actually be
Dean frowned. He wasn't slacking off. He couldn't help it if he could go through a book a lot more quickly than a human. He picked up a new book, a particularly heavy, leather-bound tome, and flipped through the pages more slowly. At least this one had a lot of pictures in it.
Dean opened his eyes and groggily stared at the messy brown hair pressing into his chest. ‘You okay there, Cas?’
'Oh, come on, Sammy! Don't tell me you're actually
‘Oh, I’m sure he did,’ Dean grumbled. ‘It’s just a hypothetical question. For whatever reason, me, Sam, Bobby, whoever, corners you and does something to spook you. What do you do?’
‘I think we need to talk,’ Sam replied in a monotone. He set the toolbox on the front desk and grabbed his brother by the collar. He led Dean down the open hallway and into one of the rooms, shutting the door behind them.
Sam frowned as his mind supplied a small bit of information Bobby had told him the other day. ‘Oh, my God…
‘That’s just it. I
Dean stuck his tongue out as he held the door open for Castiel.
Dean turned his gaze to Benny, giving him a half-hearted glare. ‘I don’t want to. He’s…gorgeous, and that voice is amazing, and… I like him,’ he said, finishing with a small shrug.
Sam pulled a face at the reminder of what Dean had done, his eyes traveling over his brother’s neck to make sure there was no lingering damage.
Dean’s heart leapt into his throat, and he swallowed. He offered a lop-sided smile.
. She quietly moved away from the group and headed down the hallway, following the feeling. She glanced over her shoulder, seeing Karen following her with a curious expression. ‘A problem I should have tried to take care of a long time ago,’ she explained.
Some dialogue from S5E08.
Castiel’s eyes glowed softly as he grinned down at Dean, spreading his wings wide. ‘Possibly because I have slightly demonic intentions at the moment…’
Lucifer gave Castiel a kind smile. ‘Castiel, where are you?’
Dean shook his head and rolled his eyes. ‘I mean, tempt me. Get me to fuck you.’
.-.-.-.-.
Crowley tilted his head back as he watched Karen’s wings. The more he observed of the Hunters and their domesticated angel, the more he had to admit that his boys had lucked out. They certainly could have done much worse.
Castiel nodded and leaned into Dean. ‘I…I hope things work out.’
Sam moved his foot away, laughing softly. ‘It itches during the change. But clothes? They’re all right. If you want…you can come to live with me. See for yourself?’ he offered. He held his breath as Dean stared at the wood of pier. With his brother right in front of him, he wanted more than anything for him to stay.
Castiel gave Sam an exasperated look. ‘Could you search Gabriel for a pair of handcuffs?’ he asked.
‘No, we can’t,’ Castiel replied miserably. ‘If I can’t control it now, I won’t ever be able to control it. What do you think I’ve spent my life doing?’
Castiel looked over and smiled as he let his eyes wander down. ‘Yeah… Oh, did you speak with Benny?’
He reached Castiel’s bungalow and took a deep breath. He knocked on the door like Sam had taught him and held his breath as he waited. He frowned when there was no answer. Light was coming from the window, and he could hear the television. He knocked again, a little harder this time.
Castiel laughed as he shook his head. ‘No. I’m good. I’d be more worried about me getting blazed, to be honest,’ he replied with a sly grin.
Gabriel held his hands up in surrender. 'No, it's good! Really. I'm impressed!'
‘What’s that?’ Bobby asked as he entered the kitchen.
‘Somethin’ happen to him?’ Bobby looked at Dean in concern, placing a hand on Dean’s shoulder.
Karen laid a hand on Dean’s shoulder and gave him a reassuring smile. ‘But you changed it,’ she said. ‘You made it work on an angel with demon blood! Imagine what you could do to lessen the original spell. Make it so we have a
Dean nodded, feeling a little better. ‘You’re probably right. Guess I’ll just wait it out.’
‘I thought you wanted to wait?’ Castiel said with a moan.  He grinned as he ran his fingers through Dean’s short hair. ‘At this rate, I’ll be expecting to wake up with a sore ass.’
‘Oh, I wouldn’t say that,’ Dean whispered into Castiel’s ear as he gently rubbed the ointment over Castiel’s cut.
!’ Castiel sobbed.
‘It would seem you helped him to complete his breakthrough,’ Michael explained.
Castiel watched as Dean gave Sam an excuse for being out all night. He thought about Dean's warning. What would happen if and when the others did find out? He would have to keep his interactions with Dean a secret. Both for his sake and for Dean's.
Karen held up the signed photograph, grinning ear-to-ear. ‘I’m getting this framed!’
Sam and Dean stared at her with mouths wide open. Dean was the first to recover and he threw his hands up in frustration. ‘Fine! Go ahead! Bury the fuckin’ hatchet!’
Sam looked at the screen. ‘Uh…I can make it work, but…it looks like you’ve lost everything…’
Crowley regarded Karen. He tilted his head slightly. ‘It’s not safe against angels.’
answer, too,’ Dean said brightly. He kept his eyes on Castiel’s as he leaned forward. ‘Either way, I’d be more than happy to help you rub it in.’
Castiel threw his brother a half-hearted glare. ‘As long as you leave him alone, he won’t bother you,’ he said as he set the cat on one of the beds. He pulled out a muffin tin from his luggage and placed it on the bed next to the cat. He was grateful that Gabriel remembered to pack Muffin’s tin.
Balthazar stood and rubbed his elbow. He didn’t really like having to corner and torment Castiel like he had, but Anna was calling the shots, and she could be downright scary if she wanted.
‘You gotta understand that mermaids…like you with the whole half-human, half-fish thing…are the one thing Cas managed to convince me are physically and scientifically impossible. You
Dean quickly glanced to Jo and back at the man, but he was gone. He cast his gaze around, but found no trace of the man. Had he imagined it?
Gabriel shrugged. ‘How is this even
‘Dean…’ Castiel rested his hand over Dean’s, keeping him from untightening the bandage any more. He didn’t shy away when Dean pulled his hand free and rested it behind his neck. His gaze darted between Dean’s eyes and mouth, and his heart beat faster in anticipation.
tricked me into signing on for another season for his stupid show about fake creatures that actually
‘I got to drive his car,’ Dean said, as if declaring he had just got laid.
The anguished scream drew his attention back to the present. A soft glow silhouetted a pair of wings.
accidental human death under Castiel's belt, and that was what Dean
Dean stood straighter and locked his eyes on Gabriel. ‘What’s wrong with him?’ he asked.
‘Dean, it’s for the best,’ Castiel replied. ‘I…find you distracting.’
Dean’s heart raced at the implications. Alastair had to be lying. There was no way that they would have been able to sneak him out of the country without Sam having some clue. He cringed as the pliers came into contact with the top of his hand. His breathing kicked up as they trailed down his fingers and rested over the nail of his ring finger. He looked straight ahead, refusing to watch.
Sam laughed as he nodded. ‘So you’ve never…seen anything for yourself?’ he asked.
Karen frowned in confusion then looked to Castiel and Gabriel. ‘Is everything alright?’ she asked upon seeing Castiel looking more miserable than ever.
wings, and no binding cuff. No cuff. Dean threw the door open and gave his best smile. 'Hi!'
Gabriel grinned and stepped back. ‘Congrats, Dean-o! You’ve managed to melt the heart of the Ice Queen!’
‘Stop looking at him!’
, ‘cuz my birthday is the day before his mom’s!’ Anna added.
He would have remained on the ground, but the pain started up again, just as intense as before. He struggled to stand, the pain easing the further he got. He panted as he swayed, barely able to keep upright. ‘W-what did you…what did you do to me?’ he asked as he rubbed his wrist.
‘Oh! The big house! Yeah, he told,’ Dean said, smiling reassuringly. ‘He was in a…gang. Robbed a bank. He’s a good person now.’
The angel turned his stare to Dean and stopped fidgeting with his tie. 'Hello. I am looking for my brother, Gabriel,' he said.
‘I dunno… I’m used to it. I thought humans looked weird at first,’ Sam said with a slight shrug.
‘As do you,’ Crowley said. ‘And I don’t believe drag fits into that image. Not if you go by your ex’s reaction to your behavior the other night.’
‘I’d like that.’ Castiel clung to Dean’s shirt and pressed further against the human as his father and brother  approached them.
Dean looked from Gabriel to Sam. 'Um... Congratulations!' He said as he clapped Sam on the back. He forced a smile, a practiced gesture on his part. He was proud of his little brother. How could he not be proud? But...
‘Could have planned it better,’ Sam quietly admitted.
‘Are…are you going to tell anyone?’ Sam asked quietly.
‘Run outta gas?’ Benny asked as he followed Castiel’s gaze. ‘I can just loan you some.’
Dean kicked out with his bad foot once his hands were free. He ignored the pain as he lunged forward and attempted to take the man’s gun. His makeshift plan was cut short as a sharp pain dug into his side. He screamed as he fell to the floor, a small knife still protruding from his side. He gasped in pain as the knife was pulled free and a foot came down hard on his hand. Already broken bones ground against each other, and Dean couldn’t fight the tears that ran down his cheeks. He wasn’t aware of how or when he ended up in the chair. He winced as leather straps tightened against his skin.
Dean’s mouth was hanging open as he watched Ariel narrowly escape the shark. It brought back some of his own memories of swimming as fast as he could with his little brother clutched tightly against his chest, barely managing to find a crevice to squeeze into. The three slashes along what was now his right calf served as a reminder of how lucky he had been.
Feeling confident over the situation, Castiel stood and quickly tidied himself up. He leaned over and shut off the shower. He could now hear the voices in the main room and how they suddenly stopped.
‘I wanna see!’ Gabriel stared at the image in confusion, tilting his head from side to side. ‘Why’s Mom weari— Oh, my God!’ His head shot up to stare at Castiel, wide, blue eyes staring back. He looked back down at the same blue eyes in the picture. ‘How come
‘I didn’t want to be left alone with my thoughts. I..I don’t wanna be…alone,’ Castiel said as he sat back.
‘And your looks had nothing to do with it, I’m sure,’ Sam said.
Castiel pushed himself up then quickly dipped in for a kiss. ‘Would you…like to take a shower with me?’ he asked.
.-.-.-.-.
Gabriel pushed Sam onto the bed and straddled his lap, wrapping his arms around Sam’s neck. ‘They’ll be fine. Or fine enough. Cas is happy, and as weird as that is, I think we should let them be happy,’ he said softly before kissing Sam. ‘So stop focusing on
Dean watched the display as he closed the door behind them. ‘Throwing a tantrum’s not gonna fix anything.’
'But she still gets to go back.'
‘That is…romantic!’ Karen said as she came back into the entry. Her eyes were watery and she had her hands clasped in front of her chest. ‘You should stay for dinner.’
‘No, you just flailed around. Kicked me in the head and stomach,’ Sam said with a smirk.
‘Remind me why she’s not here?’ Gabriel said sweetly.
Sam and Dean watched in horror as Ellen hung up her phone with a heavy sigh. ‘I think y’all need to be interviewin’ one Dean Winchester.’
‘Dean Winchester?’ the reporter repeated.
Castiel bit his lip as Dean ran a finger along the arch of his foot. He desperately hoped that Dean didn’t have a foot fetish. He had dated a foot fetishist once, and it was a little too weird for his tastes—and he had done some pretty strange things over the years. His worry dissipated as Dean looked up, his fingers resting against his ankle.
know?’ Dean asked.
‘There’s room enough on here for two,’ Dean offered.
At the sound of keys unlocking the front door, Dean sagged and let out an annoyed sigh. ‘Dammit, Sammy,’ he muttered. He had thought his little brother would have been gone for much longer.
‘Dean…?’ Sam sat on the other bed and watched Dean. Dean had been silent since Castiel had left.
‘Ooh, kinky,’ Dean giggled. He pouted when the warm hand was replaced by cold metal. With a ratcheting ‘click,’ Dean’s hand was cuffed to the side of his bed. He gave Castiel a doubtful look. ‘I
Dean was settled at the foot of the bed with one of Castiel’s feet in his lap, and he was examining the foot from every possible angle, dipping his fingers into the spaces between and following the paths of the veins that stuck out on the top of Castiel’s foot.
‘Why ain’t yer eyes solid?’ Bobby asked.
He swam up and floated a few feet below the surface. He scanned the area, but found nothing. Whatever he was chasing was smart. He checked how much time he had left, and it wasn’t much. He was surprised to find that he had spent the past half hour chasing the strange creature. He gave the area another once over and swam down to check around the reef. He found nothing.
Gabriel frowned, keeping a close eye on Sam’s arms. ‘Yes, well…pictures.’ He picked up his beer and took a long swig. If Dean was collecting photos of Castiel, then it couldn’t be
his fun with Castiel. After watching several pornos, he was confident that he could have figured it out with minimal embarrassment. He should have just gone for it. He was already past the prime age for choosing a mate… He was pulled out of his funk when Castiel stepped away from Balthazar and closer to Dean.
better. Next time…my room.’
Benny coughed and covered his face. ‘No. It’s for when you gotta take a piss,’ he explained.
‘You don’t know that,’ Benny pointed out. ‘You don’t know
‘That means the two of you probably looked very cute together,’ Jody translated.
‘Gag reel… Oh, fuck,’ Gabriel muttered. ‘I know what this is.’
Gabriel nodded happily. ‘I can do that!’
,’ Gabriel spat the word out, ‘was that angel.’
‘Considering I get to see your ass while you get your stuff? Not at all,’ Dean said with a sly grin.
The pair slowly made their way upstairs, Dean constantly shaking his head to avoid sleep. ‘Need some coffee,’ he mumbled as they reached the landing and started down the hall to the study.
it! Jesus,
‘I’m gonna get some chips,’ Dean declared, straightening.
‘Ow! Fuck!’ Dean stumbled back and blinked up at Castiel. ‘Where the hell did
‘As I said, a small taste of what’s to come if the Campbell line is allowed to continue,’ Lucifer replied.
‘No! You don’t get to decide what I do! Not after…’ Castiel’s voice quieted back down, and Sam and Dean stared at each other.
Jody splashed water in Crowley’s direction and shushed him. ‘Fergus Roderick Crowley! That is rude!’
‘I bet they do,’ Castiel said under his breath. He sighed miserably as he shrugged off his stab jacket and set it down. He sat on a tool box and removed his flippers, highly aware of Balthazar recording his every move. He felt exposed and embarrassed. He shouldn’t, really. If someone knew where to look, there were plenty of places to find photographs and film of him far more exposed. And far more drunk.
Balthazar snorted as he followed Gabriel. ‘No. He wouldn’t mean it anyway. I can tell he’s not sorry. Scotland was one big reminder of why I left him.’
'Campground,' Sam replied distractedly, brushing Gabriel's hand away. He tried to ignore how Gabriel's fingers managed to become tangled with his.
Castiel looked up from his scribblings and stared at Benny in wonder. ‘Really? Thank you! Thank you so much!’
Sam left the college life and his dream behind. He joined back up with his father and brother. Just as things were getting back to normal, the demons struck again.
Castiel looked to the clock. There was about half an hour left until dinner would be served. Should he wait? He shook his head as he headed to the door. He should just get it over with.
Dean thought back to the first death. The man had been a middle-aged Hunter. His eyes had been burned out of his sockets. It was the only external evidence of what had happened. The autopsy had revealed that his insides had been completely burned, leaving a charred and bloody mess.
.-.-.-.-.
Sam pulled a demon into the hidden corridor and killed him with the knife Crowley had given him. He had to admit that the knife was the most effective weapon he had ever wielded against demons. No long and messy rituals. Just a single thrust into what counted as a vital organ for humans, and the demon would flicker with a light from the inside and die instantly. He looked over his shoulder at Gabriel. He frowned when he noticed that Dean was missing. ‘Where’s Dean?’
Gabriel sighed and walked up to the desk. He gave the woman behind the desk a winning smile. ‘Hi! I’m Gabriel. I guess I need to sign something?’
Balthazar took a slow breath. In the weeks leading up to Castiel’s trip, Castiel had been acting skittish. After seeing the footage of Castiel and Crowley, he had assumed it was because the two had been seeing each other. But if Castiel was secretly buying a ring… He quickly shook off the thought. ‘Then why the fuck is Crowley in it? Did he think I’d like that?’
asked me to bring them,’ Gabriel pointed out.
.-.-.-.-.
It was Dean’s voice. Castiel was certain that, despite the croak, it was Dean’s voice. He opened his eyes and pulled back enough to see Dean’s crooked smile. He cried out and leaned back as his wings spread out in shock.
‘Mm?’
Dean sighed as he ran his thumbs over Castiel’s knuckles. ‘I really don’t know anymore.’
‘That’s ‘cuz you have no taste,’ Gabriel said, lightly pushing at Castiel.
Castiel crouched at the top of the steps and strained to hear.
Karen frowned and looked to Bobby for help. ‘Angels?’
‘Gabriel?’ Castiel numbly repeated. Dean’s arm wrapped around his shoulder, and he looked up to Dean’s questioning gaze. He gave shrug and looked down at his lap. ‘Gabriel saw?’
Casitel sighed in frustration. Crowley was going to find out sooner or later. ‘I’ve met someone, and he has expressed interest in seeing me in it…’
without having to touchup his roots,’ Castiel said, running his hands through his hair.
Karen smiled up at Dean. ‘He
‘I just said you thought with your cock. But…you kinda are one,’ Balthazar replied. ‘Now don’t get me wrong. That can be hot. But…not when you’re pretending to be something you’re not.’
‘If he or she takes pleasure in causing others pain, then…yes. I believe that would be an accurate assumption. I…I truly believed I had more control over my capabilities, but… It was an extraordinary circumstance. The likelihood of something similar happening again is quite small,’ Castiel said as he shifted his gaze to the floor. He could feel Dean’s fear subsiding. It was still there, but not nearly as overpowering as it had been.
‘Sometimes,’ Castiel answered, then ducked his head as he realized what he had just said. ‘Er, I mean…’ He buried his head in his hands and groaned in frustration. He gasped and arched his back, forgetting his embarrassment, as Dean ran fingers down his spine.
‘Cas—‘
‘So, I’ll see you later?’ Sam said. He kept from laughing as Gabriel jumped and turned, a sucker sticking out of his mouth.
‘What? A ring? What ring?!’ Dean asked as he struggled to keep his head above the water. He managed to pull himself to the edge of the plunge pool next to Castiel. He glared at Crowley’s feet and hissed through his teeth.
Karen smiled as she began setting the drinks on the table. ‘Alfie called and ordered a bunch of mojitos,’ she explained. ‘Said you guys needed it.’
‘Cas!’ Gabriel’s confused feelings about Charlie vanished as he took in his brother—completely absorbed with making notes in a battered and water-splotched notebook. ‘How’re ya’ doin’?’
Castiel couldn’t keep his laughter contained as tiny gasps anymore. ‘That’s… Where did you even get that idea?! Ha!
‘Why not?’ Castiel pouted.
‘Uh, Dean’s my…brother,’ Sam replied. He offered Gabriel an apologetic smile.
‘I don’t know,’ Sam replied, shaking his head. He leaned against the kitchen counter as he gave his brother a sympathetic look. ‘He was really worked up while he was on the phone with this Crowley guy, and then he left.’
Castiel brought his wrist up and examined the cuff’s spell work. ‘Everything looks correct…’
Karen turned to face Dean, a bright smile on her face. ‘What is it, sweetie?’
‘Please, Dad?’ Gabriel begged.
‘I thought you wanted me to visit,’ Castiel replied. ‘Stay for a week or so.’
‘Sam… You need to hurry… I’ll be fine,’ Dean promised. ‘I’ll be careful.’
Castiel shrank away. ‘N-never mind. I think it would be better to speak when you’re calmer.’ He jumped and his wings flared out when Dean slammed his fist on the table.
!’ Dean said as he paced behind Sam. ‘It’d be easier to just make a regular binding cuff, but we want the power behind the spell’s reward system. Normal cuff doesn’t have that. Not with Cas.’
Gabriel gave Sam a hopeful smile. ‘So I’m not being shot down?’
He quickly made his way back to the kitchen. He ignored the humans in favor of shoving the phone into his brother's hand. 'Father would like to speak with you,' he said and quickly retreated to Dean's side.
‘Yeah… I had a girl back home like that,’ Dean said. ‘We were…pretty good together, but…I wasn’t what she was looking for.’
am!’ Dean chirped sharply as Castiel’s fingers brushed against where his fins met his tail.
‘Except Gabriel,’ Castiel growled as he hugged Muffin tightly. The cat squirmed in his arms and eventually clawed his way out, leaving Castiel with a deep set of scratches on his left shoulder. ‘I am
Dean sighed and looked up at Castiel. ‘Yeah, and I let you do it ‘cuz I love you, too.’ The beaming smile he received was worth the creepy stalker vibe Castiel never seemed to be able to shake. Dean promised himself that if anyone
Some dialogue lifted from S4E16 and S2E18.
Lucifer’s smile widened. ‘Do you wish they were white?’ he asked as he circled Castiel.
Dean set the photo back down with a soft smile. He turned to wall that the bed faced and gripped the Colt tightly. His apprehension grew as he drew closer. He pressed his hand against the wall where he knew the hidden door was. The wall gave a little and slowly slid over, revealing a short passage. Dean steeled himself headed in. In a few short steps, he was in front of another small door. With a deep breath, he pushed open the door and entered another large bedroom.
Dean looked up at Bobby. ‘Nah. I’ve done this before. Sucks…but I can get through it.’
Sam turned and gave Castiel a bright smile. ‘Hey, Cas! Just making some popcorn,’ he said. ‘You want any?’
we’re done with the show?’
‘There’s more light upstairs.’
Dean sighed as he stared out at the horizon. ‘This’d just make him more pissed off,’ he said, and he held the scale up. ‘It’s…giving Cas a piece of myself. It’s kinda a big deal to us, but…’ He shrugged as he looked down. ‘I don’t think it really applies to humans as much? So I don’t think it matters.’
'Back home, living the good life? Good for her,' Dean spat out.
Dean grinned widely as he walked to the edge of the water. ‘Hope I get a private show later,’ he said. ‘I can throw Monopoly money at you, and you can seduce me. Like in… Which one was it?
‘Which one did you sleep with?’ Gabriel asked in a tired tone as he pinched the bridge of his nose.
‘If there is, then no one told
sting. I’ll try to make it quick, okay?’ He glanced up and received a stiff nod from Gabriel.
Crowley took a steadying breath as he glared up at Sam. The Hunter had a point, as much as he hated to admit it. ‘Very well,’ he bit out. ‘And what do you suggest we do?’
‘No cabana boy,’ Anna added as she hefted camera onto her shoulder. She grinned at the annoyed grunt from Gabriel. ‘Now, get your ass on that dock and pretend you believe there’s really something out there.’
‘Yes,
‘What did we break?’ Castiel asked. He cried out as Gabriel pulled what he thought was a large chunk of glass from his back.
Sam readjusted himself on the pillows as Gabriel turned around. He gently rubbed Gabriel’s right cheek as he felt a wet tongue run the length of his cock. He pulled the smaller man back a little and kissed at the balls positioned just above his mouth.
‘I’m tryin’ to figure out how these damned cuffs work,’ Dean replied from the doorway. ‘Because
Castiel choked back as sob as tears ran down his cheeks. ‘Please, no…’
? But I…I’m… I’m not special.’
Gabriel shifted uncomfortably. 'I wasn't planning on telling you,' he replied with some difficulty. He looked up to find two disapproving stares. He quickly looked away.
‘A couple of redneck bears that trample over everything in their path,’ Gabriel quickly replied. He pulled back and smiled up at Sam. ‘Instead, I got a jerk with too much heart and low self-esteem and a gigantic moose with too much education.’
Crowley froze as Castiel’s sobs suddenly stopped. He let out a nervous laugh and glanced between the two men staring at him intently. ‘I uh… I’ve only met the one. Rude little thing, I might add,’ he said slowly.
‘I see… Very well. Gather the others and double the guard on this floor and the floors above and below us.’ Lucifer looked at Castiel and tilted his head. ‘Can your brother reach this room from where he currently is?’
(See the end of the chapter for
‘And I’ve missed who you used to be,’ Michael replied sadly.
how it works.
he’s accidently killed.’
'Aw, but
, we head to the magical isle of Bora Bora! What secrets are hidden beneath the lush forest and pristine waters? Tune in and find out!’
‘She begged me not to fire her, so I threatened to staple her feathers back onto her wings if she couldn’t keep it together,’ Crowley added. ‘A few months later…we became quite close. Nine more months and Castiel graced us with his presence.’
Sam opened the door to find Gabriel smiling up at him. ‘Gabe, this really isn’t a good time,’ he said quietly.
Castiel groggily stepped into hallway, pushing a struggling Gabriel in front of him. ‘Come on. You can’t avoid them forever,’ he said, guiding them down the stairwell.
keep photos of everyone we get involved with. Clients, targets…associates… Helps keep track of everyone and everything,’ Sam explained. ‘Don’t wanna accidentally think that someone’s an enemy. I’ve got a picture of you in my file as a known contact.’
Casitel laughed as he shook his head. ‘You’re more than welcome to try,’ he said with a smile.
‘Hey, it’s not
Gabriel looked up at Sam. 'Take credit for killing the Trickster and leave town?'
‘Yeah. We’ll keep him busy,’ Dean replied.
sort of physical torture. His breath caught when he felt himself being pushed against a wall. He looked around and realized Dean had hidden them in a dark corner.
He banged his head against the stalagmite. He should have grabbed Castiel. He should have attacked the wendigo. He should not have dropped his weapon. All he had on him was his stupid flashlight. He glared at the darkness, contemplating whether or not he should try looking for Castiel.
When Sam and Dean returned to headquarters, Dean made a beeline to his case officer. ‘Hey, Bobby! I need your help on this!’ he said as he burst into Bobby’s office.
‘Uh… This isn’t…’ Sam pulled the rest of his tail on board and let it rest in front of him.
‘Then you wouldn’t mind if I pulled up a chair to watch?’
Gabriel forced a smile and nodded, having no idea what Castiel was on about. He didn’t know if it would be better for Castiel to crash now or later. He decided on later—after
Castiel tried to open the door to Gabriel’s room, but found it locked. ‘Let me in, Gabriel,’ he said as he knocked.
always a slut.’
Dean watched Bobby disappear back upstairs and sighed. He felt so useless. They were in the middle of the apocalypse, and his supposed friends had him locked away. Why couldn’t they have waited?
Dean’s heart skipped a beat at the sight of blue eyes. ‘Uh…yeah… Um… Was lookin’ for my brother?’ he managed to reply. He could feel his fins rising around him, and he quickly forced them back down. Yes, the human was attractive, but mate-worthy? There was no tail, no fins, no markings to judge. Just dark hair, blue eyes, forearms littered with tiny scars and a few fresh scratches, nice lips…and the voice that came from those lips…
‘Speaking of Uriel… They should be coming across him any time now. Well, what’s left of him.’
‘So, uh… I didn’t want to say anything earlier, but… I’ve seen your sea monster,’ Sam said as he cut the engine and dropped the anchor.
‘Well, that’s…better,’ Dean said encouragingly.
,’ Crowley said.
‘You sure you don’t wanna take a shower with me?’ Gabriel asked as he reluctantly sat up.
Gabriel grimaced and hesitantly raised his eyes to meet Sam’s. ‘Thought I managed to sneak out and back in…’
‘Rowena was a
Castiel gave Gabriel a doubtful look. 'Traditions can change.'
‘No, it’s not. It’s really not,’ Castiel said, shaking his head. ‘I don’t want you to feel like I’m ignoring you, and…there will be times when it’ll seem like that. But, I guess, that’s not a problem anymore. I don’t see myself being asked to go on any expeditions any time soon.’
Castiel’s eyes focused on Dean. He stared at the blood on Dean’s face and wondered where it had come from. He felt…odd. A second drop of blood joined the first, and realization hit Castiel. He quickly let go of Dean and felt the relief of the cuff wash over him. He jumped off the bed and attempted to run out of the room. He couldn’t get very close to the door, so he backed into a corner, where he promptly hid himself in his wings.
‘Research parties… I thought those were actual, boring,
color scheme,’ Crowley said in distaste. ‘You bring shame to the term “thrift shop chic”.’
Castiel crossed the room and sat in chair next to Dean’s bed. ‘What do wish to talk about?’
Gabriel nodded proudly.
A noise came from outside the door. Dread pooled in the pit of Dean’s stomach. His previous session had been ended relatively early due to a phone call. His torturer had promised to return to finish up his work on Dean’s nails then start in on his teeth.
to fit in?’
Gabriel nodded as he turned around. He took the lube and pumped Sam’s cock as he drizzled it on. Moving forward, he positioned himself and lowered onto Sam.
Sam looked up and down the hallway. 'Where is it?'
Bobby and Michael watched in silence as the pair followed Dean up the stairs. Bobby turned to Michael, shaking his head. ‘You sure he’s your kid?’
‘I’ve seen you two blackout drunk. Arrested you, even! You’re a riot!’ she replied.
vote is for out because that water is
Dean kept receiving confused images of meatloaf and hamburgers and had to bite his cheek to keep from laughing. He focused his own thoughts and tried to explain the difference.
Gabriel stared at his phone as the line went dead. ‘Okay. That was weird.’
‘I ain’t strippin’ ‘til
‘The spell hasn’t been changed since—’
‘Oh, my God,’ Balthazar whispered, drawing a flinch from Castiel. ‘That video was barely scratching the surface with how kinky you are…’
Meg tried again to reach for Anna, but was stopped by the devil’s trap. She growled in frustration as she strained against the invisible wall.
Castiel shifted uncomfortably. ‘You…had a close call about four years ago, and…they needed someone that would be able to take out any and all threats.’
With Dean touching him, Castiel could feel the desperation and loss coming from the Hunter. The willingness to make everything work. He tried to shut it out, to not be swayed by what he was feeling. ‘Please let go,’ he whispered.
‘How do you feel?’ Castiel asked.
Sam and Dean rushed to Gabriel, but were thrown in the opposite direction. When they stood up, they saw a female spirit standing between them and Gabriel. Sam brought his gun up and shot her square in the chest. With a scream, she vanished, only to reappear behind them. This time, Dean shot her.
White wings spread behind the angel, framing him. ‘Neither should you,’ he replied. His eyes settled on Castiel’s wings. ‘Interesting.’
‘He’s so soft!’ Dean said as Muffin rubbed against his hand and along his outstretched arm. He shifted and sat cross legged on the floor, and the cat crawled onto his lap, purring loudly as he sniffed at Dean’s face. ‘Ah! That tickles!’ he laughed as whiskers brushed against his nose. He looked up at Castiel and his smile dropped a little. ‘Somethin’ wrong?’
‘I’m sure it was a disgusting
‘Freckles,’ Charlie greeted cautiously as she looked from Dean to Castiel. She raised a brow as Dean stepped closer to Castiel.
Dean could feel the urgency wafting off of Castiel. ‘What’s wrong?’
him. Doesn’t wanna kill him…’ He trailed off and stared at the ground. ‘Don’t let him know I said this, but…this is for his own good.’
‘Yeah, and probably
‘Anna’s the only angel we got that lopped off her wings,’ Balthazar answered. ‘Coulda sent me and a human, but if things got too hairy, well, human’s not much good against the supernatural. No offense.’
‘You’re right…it’s probably nothing,’ Sam relented. He laced his fingers through Gabriel’s hair and pulled him in for a deep kiss. ‘I overheard the rest of your crew complaining about how noisy you’ve been,’ he said, nipping at Gabriel’s jaw.
go over well.'
Dean was never very good at beating around the bush or being subtle. He had tried that tactic earlier in the cave, and just look where it got him. He should have just confronted Castiel right at the beginning like he had wanted to. But the angel had looked so fragile; Dean didn’t want to hurt him. He was over that thought process now. He figured that Castiel had to have some sort of a thick skin if he had Gabriel for a brother. So, he just cut right to the chase.
Muffin darted away at the sudden outburst, digging his claws into Dean’s leg to get a good momentum. Dean hissed softly and pulled up the edge of his shorts to inspect the thin, red lines. It didn’t look like much, but it hurt a lot more than he thought it should. His mind supplied him with the image of Castiel’s arm, littered with tiny scars. He made himself a note to kiss every single one of them. He was drawn from his thoughts as Castiel continued to speak.
Sam nodded and sat back down. ‘Just…be careful…’
'C'mon, Cas. We'll just go to IHOP or something,' Dean said, pulling Karen from her thoughts.
The chair screeched loudly against the floor as Dean stood up. '
Dean frowned. The churches were empty.
Thank you to everyone that’s read this and stuck with me! I hope you enjoyed reading this as much I enjoyed (for the most part) writing it!
‘He’s still a bastard,’ Crowley muttered.
‘But until then, what do we do about Cas?’ Dean asked. ‘I mean, I trust him, but…we
'Beep!'
‘All descendants of angels are guaranteed protection and vengeance. Your mother, Mary, was one of us.’
good punch, and we’ll take the rest of the afternoon off and work on your stamina.’ Dean grinned and raised his hand again.
‘…and then we turned, and there was a long, spiked fin that broke the water,’ Rahiti said, moving his hands as spoke. ‘The monster must have been ten meters long. And the fin was very dark. Black, I think.’
‘Do you have
was more important than the house. Not as an angel, but as a person. He only went in for the books after he knew I was safe.’
Castiel waited awkwardly for Dean to return. He could feel Karen’s eyes on him, and he didn’t know if he was supposed to be making idle chitchat or not.
'Fuck off!'
rituals off the bed. Wait. Have you two…with the fishy bits…’ He gestured between Dean and Castiel, sending a quick glance downward.
Sam came up beside Bobby, followed closely by an older Archangel with light hair and white wings. ‘Is Gabriel in there?’ he asked as he looked over the door. A small detail caught his attention. ‘Wait…where are the hinges?’
Sam leaned down and kissed Gabriel’s cheek. ‘I think you did the right thing,’ he said.
‘Potato?’
Dean rolled his eyes and flicked his tail out behind him. His fins were still in a position to show off. ‘He fell in, and I helped him out,’ he said. ‘Then he kissed me.’
‘Well, what do you expect? I was hungover, and you get paid to do that sort of crap!’ Gabriel whined.
Dean stilled, breathing heavily. He pulled away, looking at Castiel in trepidation. He had managed to loosen Castiel's tie even more. Castiel's shirt was unbuttoned and untucked, and his belt was partially undone. Dean could see the growing erection straining against loose fabric. He looked at Castiel's face, tinted a rosy pink. What was he doing? Castiel's Grace was pulsating about him with what was clearly desire. Dean really wanted to fulfill that desire. But he couldn't. He couldn't do that to Castiel. Castiel was so pure and innocent, Dean couldn't bring himself to drag Castiel down and corrupt him.
your brother…’
‘You’re leaving?’ Dean asked. ‘Why?! What the fuck is going on?!’
‘Oh! No, you’re mistaken, but I can see where you’d get that,’ Sam said. ‘Our mother was Mary Pickett.’
‘At least you won’t be surprised when he
‘You don’t know that!’ Gabriel argued. ‘If they found out about Cas, then they can get in! It’s not safe
scheduled to shoot!’
Gabriel laughed as he ran his thumb over the edge of his notebook, flipping the pages. ‘No, nothing that simple. No one could pronounce his name at his first job, so he made a new nametag, and it’s followed him ever since.’
Castiel nodded and turned to Sam. ‘It’s true,’ he said as he looked up to calmly meet Sam’s eyes. ‘But it is no longer an issue. Dean has fixed the cuff’s spellwork.’
Dean poked his head through the doorway, grinning widely. ‘Hey, I’m taking over your room. Don’t come in,’ he said.
brother, but Gabriel’s as well. It would be a lot less difficult if he knew that he could trust Gabriel. Maybe Charlie would have some input on the matter.
‘About that… How is the cuff working out for you?’
He probably should let Castiel walk out the door and out of his life. But…the man was a looker. And a pretty good kisser, too. A bit clumsy, but there was definitely potential. Dean thought back to all his past relationships. He lined up each fear he had with what Castiel could offer, and each was dispelled. Castiel could take care of himself, no problem. Dean had witnessed the proof with his own eyes. There would be no need for lies. No explanations for long ‘business trips’ or the scrapes and bruises he had a habit of acquiring. So far, the only downside Dean was coming up with was Castiel’s habit of stabbing him in the neck with tranquilizers. Heat settled in his groin at the thought of what sort of games they could get up to. A little hide-and-seek, some light drugging, then wake up tied up in bed.
‘What’s wrong Ellen?’ Ash shouted, turning to look.
And it was at that moment in the kitchen that Bobby was hit with an intense questioning worry coming from Karen. He looked at Dean and Castiel. Dean looked determined and completely at ease around Castiel, and the angel looked comfortable in Dean's hold, even happy....if he had to put an emotion to Castiel's near-blank stare. Everything Gabriel had mentioned painted Castiel as being calm, intelligent, and naïve. He couldn't think of a more perfect match for Dean. Hell, the damn angel even came with a black paint job.
.-.-.-.-.
Sam set the unconscious agent onto the hospital bed and stepped back.  Dean and Castiel were in the room next door. Dean was high as a kite and unable to keep his hands to himself, and Castiel was doing his best to keep Dean entertained and distracted enough to keep him from picking at his bandages. He would have just left them like that, but Castiel had asked him to take Gabriel with him and keep an eye on the agent.
Dean suddenly found himself alone on the bed. He looked around in confusion, wondering if he was supposed to follow Castiel out of the room. He looked up as Castiel returned, the orange and white cat held tightly in his arms as he cooed soft apologies.
‘It’s perfectly safe,’ Sam promised. ‘Besides, I’m a strong swimmer. I’ll make sure you don’t drown.’
Castiel brought his head up and caught the shock expressions of everyone staring at him. Except for his father, who looked on proudly. His brows furrowed, and he slowly turned his head as he brought a wing into view, expecting the worst. What he saw were soft, white feathers. He flexed his wing and confirmed that it was indeed
Gabriel pulled his wings in tight and stared at his hands in his lap with wide eyes. 'S-someone,' he managed to grind out through the building pain. He concentrated on the drops of blood splattering on his hands.
Castiel sagged in defeat. As much as he would like to, he couldn’t hide in the bathroom forever. He stared at the door, listening to the silence. He slowly opened the door and peaked outside. Three pairs of concerned eyes met his. He quickly looked down and shuffled into the main room.
‘So tell me about Dean.’
Sam glanced at Gabriel before turning back to watch his brother being dragged up the hallway by Castiel. He grunted as Gabriel forcefully pulled him away and shut the door. ‘Sorry… I’m just…worried?’
Castiel tilted his head curiously. ‘Well, if I didn’t get Bally drunk, I wouldn’t be able to invite
‘Traumatized, Sam!’ Gabriel exclaimed, throwing his hands in the air. ‘I am completely and utterly traumatized when it comes to non-human dick. Throw in the fact that the colors are like a gaudy dildo… I…I don’t think I’ll ever be able to do this, and… I’m sorry! I love you, but this is something that is too… Y’know… Boat ride sounds good right now… And, oh, God… Why are my fingers tingling?’ He settled atop the toilet, staring at his hand. ‘Please don’t tell me you’ve got acid in there,’ he whimpered.
favorite.’
have a few pictures of you…’ Gabriel slowly lowered his beer when Sam only raised an amused brow. ‘When I say “a few,” I mean 1628.’
‘Do you think
‘I suppose that works, too,’ Gabriel relented. He looked down at his lap and bit his lip as he thought. ‘Not to seem like I’m pushing the subject, but uh…I think you’d be great at scouting locations. Some of those places you showed me? Straight out of a movie or something!’
Castiel picked at the scabs on his hands. He was going to have an Indiana Jones marathon with Dean. He would have to refrain from spouting off random bits of trivia.
‘You know her?’ Castiel asked quietly. He ran his fingers across his cuff. He had missed the reassuring touch of carved metal for those few short months. It was nowhere near as scuffed as his original cuff, but it had the same devil’s trap carved on the inside, and the same loving warmth of Dean’s soul.
‘Oh! Good idea! There. Eight’s in the lake,’ Gabriel said. ‘Now. Let’s see just how well this thing gives incentive…’
‘You should speak to Sam,’ Castiel said without looking up. ‘He cares about you.’
Dean growled as he slammed his fists down. ‘I don’t know!’ he yelled. ‘Everything? Nothing? I went to start it this morning, and it’s not working! It’s not the battery, nothin’s wrong with the engine, all the wires are connected…’ He scratched at his head. ‘I have replaced every damn part, and nothing’s working!’
Sam smirked. ‘Then I guess I’ll wait for you under the water,’ he said before dipping under.
hadn’t been caught in some fisherman’s net. He reminded himself that Dean had been extremely lucky with Benny. How many other humans would have reacted the same way?
Dean gently maneuvered a wing closer and lightly kissed it. At Castiel’s needy whine, he nipped at it.
'Ellen called about a week ago. Said that some hunters going to Elm Creek, Nebraska ended up with nothin'. Vampires fled the town. Demons won't go near the place,' Bobby explained. 'No idea when it started.'
Castiel shrugged and turned away. ‘You’re no longer needed here, Anna.’
.-.-.-.-.
‘Like you always tell me: Just…go with the flow?’
‘Just a small taste of what the humans want to do to us,’ Lucifer calmly replied. ‘Your…Hunter… He changed the spell on your cuff. If he could change it to control
