“Look, there’s something I been meanin’ to tell you,” I say. I lean my shoulder against my truck bed like it’ll hold me upright. “Job I got goin’ on right now, it’s the best money I ever made in years. Foreman tells me he reckon’s I can’t get any time off ‘til November.”
And all three times after we made it back, I’d put her in bed. And I’d find in my trouser pocket a precious little seashell, hidden and waiting for me to find as a surprise.
Sherlock shrugs again and divides Rice Mountain into two. “You know I’d already done a workout before breakfast, and the slopes were closed. And then John took up my whole bed sleeping the rest of the day. Like a
Worlds away, in the chaos of the crowded grandstands, he knows his expressionless face is being blasted across a gigantic, sparkling screen. He is nothing but a collection of equipment and advertisements and the shining red, white, and blue of the French flag—the lycra practically sewn to his skin, the impenetrable goggles covering his eyes, the helmet plastered over his head and curls, the black skull bandana over his mouth.
I don’t know why I do it. I grab his hip with my hand hard and press him back down onto his back. We both go still. I force myself to look at him, look at his eyelashes and the curve of his swollen lips and the way his sharp jaw dips into his neck under a carpet of short brown stubble. He’s red around the mouth where I’ve rubbed him. His chest is shaking something fierce.
“Considering you’ve done this five bloody times before, it’s horrifying that you haven’t got a better preparation system than finding the passports three hours before the flight!”
Sherlock hums, settling back in his seat. “Yes, you really should have used the loo back when you had the chance. But
I wish I could say something more dramatic or noteworthy happened. There wasn’t some huge lead up, or a sweeping confession, or a special new spark in the air. It was just Sherlock looking into my eyes, the way he always had, and finally in that moment my mind was prepared to see it for what it was.
As he speaks, Holmes suddenly bursts from one of the side hangar doors – one we’ve never seen anyone use before. He sprints towards us on his long legs, and we realize that his uniform top is almost entirely zipped down. His curls look disheveled – more out of place than we’ve ever seen them – and he tries to smooth them down with his hands as he runs. He wipes the back of his hand over his mouth just as Dom catches up to his side to hand him his rescue gear.
“We’re just so grateful to be sitting up here so we can see,” Maxine gushes to him at some point, still weepy over the wave Shane sent to them from the finish line. “So, so grateful, dear.” John hates himself that the only response he gives her is a tight nod.
And God, the feel of him back in his arms, back in their bed, back on his skin, the sound of his soft voice so close to his ear . . .
“Mom,” he whispers into the surface of his board, feeling foolish and alive. A strange peace settles over his body, settling in a layer between the surface of his skin and the force of the baking sun. He closes his eyes and savors the taste of the word on his tongue for a moment before the hurling force of the wave starts to push him up towards the sky by the tail of his board. The crest of the wave starts to form just underneath his center of gravity, and with a smile on his face John Watson pops up onto his shaking feet and soars down the face of the barrel.
It’s all just overwhelming enough to make him wish he was walking up onto a deserted beach instead, just after dawn and a Los Angeles sunrise with only Greg by his side. John looks back once more towards the sea and sees Scotty pulling his aviators back down over his eyes and running his hands through his hair to smooth it down. John freezes. He swallows hard as a shiver of realization runs through his core, turning his joy into ice.
John runs a hand up Sherlock’s wet chest, running his fingers through the soft hair and catching Sherlock’s nipples under his thumbs. He can barely think straight, he wants so desperately to grind himself deep and slow against Sherlock’s wet skin. “What?”
“I never get to go to the beaches – never have enough time on work layovers. You see any good ones?”
Who’s been calling Sherlock “Holmes” when they’re anywhere near earshot of another athlete all because Greg doesn’t want anyone to think he took
Greg grabs his arm again and squeezes. Molly tucks her hair behind her ear, holding on tightly to Greg’s back. “We’re so proud of you, Johnny,” she says, eyes wet.
room, and sat on the edge of the bed, feeling like the biggest creep in the world for sitting there in the dark just watching Sherlock sleep. He’d reached up and gently held Sherlock’s hand, draped up over his head on the pillow. He’d felt the steady thrumming pulse behind the thin skin of his wrist.
Sherlock eases himself slowly down onto John, then leans forward so that their lips can graze together, open mouthed and shaky. John starts to grow hard at the heavy weight of Sherlock’s lean, muscular frame on top of him as his breath trembles against his own open, panting lips. John can tell Sherlock’s still holding himself back, still waiting for it all to disappear. With a gentle sigh John reaches up with his neck and capture’s Sherlock’s soft lips in a kiss, moaning at the taste of him bursting across his tongue.
The engine roars, and I tighten my grip around his hips. Suddenly he’s lifting my hand off his stomach. I watch over his shoulder as he brings it to his lips.
“I could’ve killed you,” John groans into Sherlocks neck, where he’s licking a burning wet stripe up Sherlock’s skin. “Fuck, waking me up like that. I could’ve had you out cold. Down on your face.” John’s fingers grip and pull at Sherlock’s hair. “Could’ve taken you out.”
Sherlock scoffs and hunches his shoulders. “Well there’s nothing else to do while I sit here waiting for whatever John
The seventh gate, and the crowd’s screaming grows louder. His time is still in the green. He’s skiing close to his personal best of the year, of the last four years. The eighth gate, and he takes an angle that not a single other skier has attempted, sharp and terrifying and slicing the course in half, destroying the ruts from the previous runs. He rounds the turn so quickly even the HD camera misses him, showing two seconds of empty snow.
He’s running before he can think to stop. He ignores how embarrassing it must look to be alone, underdressed, somewhat famous, running through the Olympics Village snow in the middle of the night like a little kid. The flakes falling from the sky catch on his nose and eyelashes, wetting his curls as they fall into his face, and he feels young, impossibly young, and alive, and
Next week: Sherlock and John are on the verge of something, but when unexpected visitors show up during their last private surf session before Sherlock leaves for Oahu, can their fledgling friendship handle it? And how will Sherlock react when disaster strikes?
One thing I want you to remember, Wilma. Always. More than anything else you ever learn about John Watson. It’s this:
I was afraid of him that day. That day and the whole two weeks after when we got up into the mountains. (We was ranching, herding sheep. I realize now I don’t know if we ever said. He kept the camp together and I rode my horse up to the pasture to shoo away the coyotes. Maybe you think that’s all dumb work, or uninteresting at least. I think you get the picture).
As we follow his line of sight, we realize we are surrounded by the rural stretches at the outer edges of the town. Distantly, cupped by the hills, the ski resorts and hotels of Zermatt are clustered in a bustling swarm.
And now they’re here, safe and alone and far away from prying eyes and sneaky cameras, and Sherlock closes his eyes, warmth tingling through his body, when he hears muffled voices through the door.
He grounds himself in the feeling of their warm, heavy limbs wrapped around each other, skin on skin. Feels Sherlock’s soft penis pressed into his thigh, bared and unashamed. For one piercingly clear second he wonders what the rest of the surfers – what Greg and his friends – would think if they walked in on them now. Two grown men, two of their own kind, clinging to each other naked and trying not to cry in the dark. It’s hard to believe those other people even exist – that this embrace between them is something that’s occurring in the same universe as everyone else’s life. That it’s something that could even be discovered or known.
John finds he appreciates the bleak clinical tone of the whole thing. It reminds him of the field hospital nurses in Afghanistan before he’d been stable enough to travel back to England—the way they had never sugarcoated anything, and the way their encouragement and congratulations had only been genuinely earned. The way they never tried to step in and help him unless he looked them in the eye and specifically asked.
John nods, feeling the ocean rise up to caress them from the deep, holding them aloft in a large, gentle hug. The words come to him easily, settling comfortably in his chest as he looks at Sherlock’s chest gently breathing in the late and hazy sunlight. “I’ll go with you,” John says.
He breathes in deeply, and I feel myself mimicking him, pathetically eager like a child waiting to be taken on a promised ice cream trip to town.
Scotty looks like he’s broken. He’s dressed in pajama bottoms and an old, thin t-shirt in the middle of the afternoon. His hair is frazzled and big, face fresh and young. He gapes at John with his mouth still open, chest rising and falling, eyes pouring over every inch of John’s body in wide disbelief. John realizes in one breathtaking second that Scotty isn’t angry. Suddenly the sight of him like this, unmasked and shocked, surprised in the warm cocoon of his private haven, causes every muscle in John’s tense body to relax like warm water. He knows now why he didn’t turn back.
My chest hurts like it’s being crushed. I can barely hear my own voice. “Don’t have to be that long but . . .reckon there’s nothing else we can do. We’s stuck in our own loops, you and me.”
The next time I open my eyes I can feel Alma’s little body wrapped in my arms. She feels different, more firm. It shames me to realize how much muscle I must’ve lost when I was in the army hospital. I pull her closer into myself, pressing my cheek into the nape of her neck and running my hand up and down over her breast. She hums and grabs my hand in hers. She moves it down her stomach and places it over the firm erection in between her legs.
And then John realizes that the odd sound filling the car isn’t him yelling, or the sound of the engine. It’s Sherlock laughing.
The end credits roll as a series of the team’s full names in white text. They flash up on the screen for a few seconds one-by-one, each one accompanied by brief footage of that team member from one of the missions.
And I won’t lie to you. Driving away from him all those years, those years we was living so far apart . . . Every single time I would ask him to follow me. To come back with me. It stung like fire in my chest to drive away from him. That we ain’t had our ranch together decades earlier than we did.
It started all the way back in London. They’d barely even taken a step out of the cab at Heathrow before they heard a chorus of, “
Greg stands without a word, grabbing the bench for support, and quietly walks back to the other row where John left his bag. There’s the moan of a zipper, the rustling of items moved aside, then Greg reappears, somewhat awkwardly cradling the prosthetic in his arm like a newborn. The sock, turned right-side out again and crisply folded, lays over his forearm like a waiter in a five-star restaurant.
John breathes sharply out through his nose and blinks hard before reaching up and pulling Sherlock down onto him by the shoulders. “Come here,” he whispers. Sherlock falls forward and drapes himself across John’s body from chest to ankle, letting the full weight of him sink down onto John’s warm skin. John grips at his back and reaches up to meet Sherlock in a deep kiss, open and wet.
He smirks even more when a small shiver rushes across the bare skin of Sherlock’s neck. “We can discuss that later,” Sherlock hisses, just as someone physically grabs Sherlock’s arm and starts to haul him towards the stage, and the cameraman starts the countdown at ten, nine, eight . . .
. These Olympics? I am here for the two of you. It is my whole purpose, and it is an honor to support you both. Do you think it is not my dream to be here for you? And I admit—I have not handled it well. Not all of the time. It has been . . .
Sherlock’s heart pounds. He watches John eye his back with pure distaste written across his mouth, then John glances back once at the guards, shakes his head, unclenches his fists, and groans, “Fuck it.”
John bites the inside of his cheek. Greg is never pessimistic, never vague, not when it comes to skiing. The fact he can’t even give a guess about Sherlock’s time makes the world feel like it’s tilting. He watches the course attendants fix some of the gates as they prepare for Sherlock’s run, the clock counting down—now ninety seconds until he drops in. Nerves pound behind John’s eyelids like tiny explosions. He opens his mouth to talk to Greg again, probably to babble something incoherent and unnecessary, when a crisp, professional voice suddenly starts talking about ten feet to his left. He very much recognizes that voice.
You’ll probably spend many years thinking we’s just two nutcases. Outdated and backwoods and thinking the rest of the world still hates us. Not realizing that young people like you are changing things.
“He’s two minutes and twenty-one seconds ahead of his PR,” Sherlock says, in an oddly flat and controlled voice.
And even though he’s joking, even though it’s the middle of an abandoned parking lot in the dark, even though John has an Olympic Final tomorrow, and his right thigh is aching, and he just met Walter roughly ten days ago at the shooting range . . . even though he will probably never see Walter again after tomorrow, John holds his gaze, and the rest of the world falls away.
John stills. The word settles over his body like a warm shiver, starting at the base of his spine. He’s never been called that before in his life. Never even imagined that he would ever want to hear that word directed towards him from the lips of someone whom he had just fucked in the last twelve hours. And now the desire to get out and walk over to the driver’s side door and kiss Sherlock Holmes is so strong that he nearly chokes trying to get the words out.
Then I wonder even more desperately why I’m still holding myself to that decision when I have a warm body in my arms and the memory of his heated moans still playing on a loop in my head. When I still have three Visits left before my Trial ends. Before I’ll close my eyes and fade away from the earth into nothing. Just like Catherine.
, but then John’s arm is back across his chest, and after another minute, Greg softly clears his throat.
Sherlock hears John trying to calm his breathing next to him, and he realizes that John will never move from the car unless Sherlock forces them to start. Suddenly he remembers the thing in his own pocket.
He sits there for almost a full minute, utterly still and staring out to sea while O’Brien catches another smaller wave as a safety for his points, catching a small tube before cutting back across the whitewater. It’s as if the crowd has forgotten John’s even in this round as O’Brien flings himself back on his board to their applause and heaves himself back out to catch the next set. Unstoppable.
Sherlock had waved his hand, giving up, and turned back to continue unpacking his bag in his room, creating the ruse they’d done many times before of making it look like both hotel rooms had been slept in. “Well you’ll regret whatever money you spent on that within the week, I guarantee you,” he’d muttered, elbow-deep in his suitcase. “Those cameras are a bitch to maintain. Break constantly.”
It got too complicated with the timeline, but if anyone wants to run with that idea . . . have at it. It was really just an excuse for me to listen to Papaoutai on repeat, which I did anyway.
Did you notice your granddaddy took my hand, then? Behind the door? First I thought as he was afraid—you know we ain’t never been introduced like that to anyone before. Not a soul. Then I noticed the glow in his eyes, did you see it too?
Watson: “You know, he’s . . . he’s a part of the team. He’s a part of my team. I’ve seen him do incredible things, just like I’ve seen all the other guys do. And he’s had my back.”
He pulls away gently, and I sway forward into his warmth. The sides of his long coat wrap around my body in the breeze, shielding me from the mist that clings to my bones and cloaking me in heat. He stares down into my eyes and cups my face and looks like he’s never been more surprised in his life. The moment hangs and tingles between us. Breaths held and eyes locked and noses just a hair away from touching.
“Sherlock, it’s alri—” John tries to say, but Sherlock is half on the floor in an instant, clutching his seat, his leg somehow stuck through the shoulder-strap of his seatbelt, straight up at the ceiling.
She looks down at her watch and gives a little cry before jumping to her feet. I’ve never seen her look so unruffled before. “Are you late for something?” I ask. It pains me that I can’t jump up to my feet beside her. That I can’t dash with her back into the fluorescent lights of the Home, helping her get ready for wherever she needs to be and basking in the excitement pouring through her skin.
Two days later I pull up to a narrow dirt lane with a mailbox that says “Holmes” standing crooked at the entrance. I haven’t slept. The white washed two-story farmhouse is set a mile back from the main road, all alone on a wide flat plain dotted with old wooden tool sheds and barns. I can hear the grasses rustle all together like one big sigh.
“Facing off against that fucking fairy,” says Dean, as he runs his fingers through his long beard and sneers.
Just when we think he will never answer, Holmes sets down his cup of tea and crosses his arms over his chest. There is a faint scar just above his eye, nearly invisible unless you knew where to look. He looks thin.
And at the end of it all, John apparently slipped quietly back into their home, into their own bed, and simply let Greg keep sleeping because he looked like
John feels gutted. He gazes helplessly into the little droplets of ocean and takes a step closer, feeling Scotty’s fingertips trail lightly at his collarbone. He licks his lips. His body is pulsing, shaking, held together only by the hands on his shoulders.
“How the hell did they miss snatching you up for the draft?” I ask. “You’re smarter than any general or lieutenant I ever met out there by half – coulda ended the whole damn mess by now if you was leading it all, I reckon.”
Watson, finally: “Ah, Holmes? Holmes is doing alright, I think. He’s . . . he seems to be recovered. Which is . . . well, I think they all told you guys, too. It’s a miracle. And the rest of the team – yeah. We’re all just . . . well, keeping on.”
The thought of going back to his house and waiting alone for the rest of the day, hoping with a tinge of doubt to hear John’s footsteps coming down the path in the middle of the night, feels worse than suffocating. Sherlock knows he’s fucked. Knew it, if he’s honest with himself, from the moment he leapt up from his hammock and saw John Watson standing there saying “didn’t predict this one, did you?”. He’s supposed to be standing on the beach as Hawaii’s most decorated surfer of ’75 and ’76 and instead he’s waiting at the edges like a teenager with a crush on the high school football captain. Ridiculous.
And Greg stares up at the man who looks like he belongs in an easy chair on a quiet Sunday morning, nibbling on toast and reading the paper, instead of screaming through the skies in a fighter jet, or skiing across the snow with frightening strength.
-As a reminder, the way I've structured the Billabong here is pretty wildly different from how it works today, and from how it would have worked then. There are two Finals rounds in this story, and the surfer out of the 4 with the highest score wins. Surfers get 30 minutes out on the waves (today they usually get 45 min - 1 hour), and their waves are all scored on a point system out of 10 by the judges. The top 3 wave scores are combined for their total out of 30.
They’d all firmly decided on that point, hadn’t they? Greg himself had lead the charge. Just a month or two in, when they’d all sat down with cups of tea at the kitchen table, and they had agreed—three solemn promises—that this would be nobody’s business but their own. That they were not going to risk a single second of anyone’s career just for the sake of holding a hand, or standing too close. And
He can’t quite put his finger on why this interview feels different. He’s done dozens of these in-studio Olympics interviews before. Countless times sitting on a couch in his skiing gear, pretending it’s perfectly normal to wear full ski gear indoors with a light sheen of makeup on  his face. He smirks to himself, imagining what Sherlock’s reaction to
The photoshoot had been awkward at first, even for Greg, who was more than used to such a scene. While Sasha had taken a few simple shots of them in their flat after the interview, Greg hadn’t been surprised when the editor contacted them to request an official photoshoot in the studio a few weeks later.
John covers his mouth with his fist, hiding a warm smile and shaking his head like he doesn’t know whether to kiss Sherlock or yell at him. Like he can’t decide whether Sherlock is the most lovely or the most ridiculous thing on the planet.
Sherlock is just starting to wonder as John settles against his back if maybe they aren’t really back at home after all. Maybe he’s hallucinated the Village and the plane rides and training runs and the queen-sized bed. Maybe he’s simply in London, in familiar sheets, where Greg kisses his hair and kisses John’s lips and tells them he loves them in every language every night, without fail. Where John finds his mouth by feel in the dark for a silent goodnight. Where the last thing Sherlock feels is always two sighs, one against his chest and the other along his spine, one after the other before everything fades away into a heavy, grey sleep.
And yet, he can’t bring himself to say that. Not now, not quite yet. Because he still sees Sherlock hitting the ice in his mind. Still has the memory of Sherlock nodding to him right before that second run, saying, “
I sniff hard and wipe a rough hand over my face. Reach for the glasses on the dresser and realize they aren’t there. I switched to contact lenses in 1989. I rip my eyes away from the mirror, knowing that the time is ticking down on my wrist. Then after a sturdy breath I fling open the Exit Point door and fall, tumbling in a void towards the alley where I know I’ll land.
We’ll both run towards him, I think to myself. We’ll corner him from either side and he’ll have no choice but to throw up his hands and surrender, straight out of a cheesy film they used to play on television at two a.m. One where the dirty cop calls the bad guy “kid.”
I think sometimes as how we must seem older than dirt to you—your bright eyes (you have your granddaddy’s eyes, you know, except yours are the deepest brown the world’s ever seen. The brown of the first ever horse I won a Rodeo with. Name was Slick River. Best horse I ever rode).
Greg covers his mouth with his hand as John once again drops down to his belly, foregoing his normal standing position. He snatches his rifle to his chest, lines up his shoulders, pushes his glasses up onto his head, and aims.
Her fingers gently rest on the side of my face, as if I need help to keep my head turned her way. “Now, your Exit Point will take you to your usual place, near the city center,” she says like she’s said three times before. “Unless there’s anywhere else . . .?”
John does exactly what he says. If the past three hours have shown him anything, it’s that Scotty can read the ocean like book. Every current, every force, every swell – he plots out the ride in perfect sequence and practically hands it to John on a platter. It feels like flying and cheating all at once.
John is up on his feet before Greg can even finish his sentence, his gun slung back over his shoulders and his poles in his hands. John is now one of only three skiers with no missed shots—the ten white circles next to his name gleaming like suns, making Greg’s eyes water.
I left it up to him whether or how to tell the rest of the Yard. I know that we could always just wait until Sherlock was recovered and back to his normal body and self and just pretend that we adopted. But, as much as I’m a fan of adoption, now that we actually have our own flesh and blood it feels like a betrayal to even consider hiding the fact that they’re ours. That Sherlock and I joined together and
Cut to Watson, wiping a towel over his hands. It’s clear they have just come back from delivering Freda to the hospital, and a few specks of blood stain his uniform sleeve. His hair is damp with sweat from his helmet. In the background, in the hangar kitchen, Greg, Dom, and Gerold can be seen laughing while setting out plates for food.
Sorry for the late post! I've been having some issues with my wifi lately, and google docs has been uncooperative.
John felt his face burn, even though Sherlock was only parroting John’s words back to him. His ears and cheeks were surely bright red, and he could only hope that Sherlock would attribute his change in complexion to the exposure to cold air.
“Uh, yeah,” he replied. He watched dumbly as Sherlock brushed past him and darted up the stairs. The taller man was halfway to a higher landing when John whispered to himself, “Amazing!”
John smiled and nodded, knowing that he probably wouldn’t seek out the other man’s company despite his friendliness.
burning through his veins like fire, Magic buzzing incessantly in his ears (or maybe it was just rushing blood), his fists clenching and his jaw setting.
Sherlock deliberated for only a moment before holding his hand out to receive the bottle. John’s fingers brushed his, and Sherlock swallowed hard.
“It dawned on me, just downstairs, that you might’ve been the dragon I saw flying about out there,” the man said, stepping hesitantly into the room. “I haven’t seen you before, and I know almost every person out there. The dragon disappears, and I find an unfamiliar man without clothes hiding between houses, and it takes me a while to put it together because I’ll be the first to admit I’m not a genius. But I’m not an idiot, is the thing. So either I’m wrong and you’re just a bloke out for a stroll in the nude, or I’m right and you’re the dragon, which makes you the crown prince. Doesn’t it?”
“I wanted to make sure you knew I meant what I said,” the knight told him, shaking his head. “I wouldn’t do anything to hurt you. He- The King said… I just wouldn’t, all right?”
“I know it’s fine,” he replied. “I don’t-” Sherlock lowered his voice, embarrassed. “I don’t particularly like the idea of going back out there, but I
“Well, I’m not dead,” John argued. He ignored Harry’s glare. “Plus, I can’t come back any worse than I am now.”
“So you really told him his girlfriend was cheating on him?” John asked, grinning. “Served him right.”
The "four magpies" thing comes from the nursery rhyme. "One for sorrow/Two for mirth/Three for a wedding/Four for death."
“Do you think he’s found someone? A friend?” she asked, her eyes giving away her burning curiosity. “You think he’s not so alone? Oh, I’d hate for him to have gone through all this alone.”
The next day, Sherlock leaned out the window to find the dragon staring up at him expectantly, its eyes, one grey and one cloudy, blinking slowly. Sherlock shouted in surprise and stumbled backwards. Slowly, the prince approached the window and looked over the edge. The dragon was still there, but it made no move to either approach or escape.
The next two women are much the same, except their arrows had pierced their heart and forehead, respectively. The man, the first to die, had been hit in the stomach.
John rather liked Irene and Sherlock’s flat. It was tiny, but it was lived-in and felt like a home, with just enough space to move around (except in the bedrooms, apparently). There were textbooks and stray papers and a few odd pieces of science equipment lying about, and John could plainly tell which occupant owned what. The microscope was Sherlock’s, as was the test tube rack and the advanced biochemistry textbook. Irene’s clutter included a bag of what could have been makeup or nail polish, bobby pins scattered here and there, and marketing textbooks that she must have forgotten to put away.
The Queen smiled devilishly and settled on John’s bed, patting the space next to her. John stood still in the center of the room, knowing very well that if he asked for help, the Queen would turn it on him.
Sherlock paused, his mouth hanging open. His hands were frozen in midair, outstretched during his usual wild gesturing. Rosalie and Greg took seats across from them.
“Is your young man like this too?” Soo Lin asked abruptly, looking expectantly at the air above Sherlock’s shoulder.
"I suppose I can at least hope they'll calm down soon," Sherlock replied as a heavyset woman knocked into his shoulder. "What can possibly be so important that all these little minds are scrambling to get to it?"
"Of course I am," John said. "You told me all about what people would do to you because of your deductions. Did the King's son do something to you?"
Of course John saw Sherlock around campus; in fact, in the last three days, John had seen Sherlock more often than he had in the past month.
The last thing Sherlock needed was for John to see him half-dressed and frantically trying to pull up his jeans, hopping around like a fool in the two feet of space his little bedroom granted him, but, sadly, that’s just what he got.
Irene’s stomach twisted, and she raised her sword. The blade sunk cleanly into Mary’s back, scraping against the cobblestone under her body.
He wailed until his throat gave out and his voice was hoarse. He lay there on the floor panting heavily, staring at the dull stones in front of him. He could see his breath. Stray tears had soaked into his dark hair, and it stuck to the side of his face as he struggled to his feet.
“The lust for power and the power of lust,” Soo Lin offered, shrugging her dainty shoulders. “It is hard to combat both when no one will refuse.”
He’d gotten about halfway through his apology for being a shit brother when there was a soft knock on the door to the hallway. His heartbeat quickened, and his thoughts turned to Sherlock. It made sense, sort of, that Sherlock would want to make sure John was awake before barging in, but the person who walked in was not Sherlock at all.
“At least you’ve moved since then,” she called from the kitchen. “You were in your room yesterday. Using your surprise?”
a singles’ party) kept mostly to themselves in the corner, whispering to each other and smiling like idiots. Well, at least
“Oh, ever since Sebastian’s been gone, Nathan’s been in a terrible state. Can’t stop worrying, never eats, barely sleeps,” Mike explained. “It’s a terrible business, really.”
Once he had the soap, Sherlock began to scrub dirt from his skin. John drew up a stool and sat next to the prince, wanting desperately to touch but uncertain if he should. Instead of touching Sherlock, John dipped his hand into the water, startling when he felt its temperature.
“You know, I can take care of myself,” John replied, and Magic was gone. John knew it lurked somewhere in the shadows under the trees, but he was grateful for the temporary reprieve from its worrying.
“We’re starving,” Rosalie said. Sherlock eyed her healthy figure, finding no evidence of malnutrition. She glared at him. “No matter how much we eat, it’s never enough. We’re
“I’ll get it,” the prince replied, rushing out the door. John could barely hear Sherlock’s faux chipper voice as he greeted the newcomers. “Gavin! John’s just having a bath. Any news from Sussex?”
The prince spent the next two weeks spending his days staring at the face in the mirror. That, and collecting rainwater or melting snow, depending on what the weather was like. He didn’t eat, and he barely slept, and he was always cold. Sherlock tried to tell himself it was just transport, that none of it mattered, but he couldn’t ignore the way his stomach growled or the way he could see the bones in his fingers, pale skin stretched tightly over them.
“You’ve barely eaten, Myc, you’re too thin! Look at those clothes! What were you thinking, not taking care of yourself?” she questioned. “And what happened to you? Have you been in a fight? Are you hurt?”
When John returned to Sherlock with a pitcher of boiled water in his hand, the prince was lounging in the tub, his curly head hanging off the edge, his eyes closed. Carefully, John poured the water into Sherlock's bath. The prince bolted upright, sending water splashing over the edge of the tub and onto John's trousers.
“Piss off,” whispered Sherlock, moving from her side to the sofa, where he threw himself haphazardly, holding the ice resolutely to the back of his head. One could only hope that the pain would subside soon, numbed by the cold at the base of his skull.
“You’re not as clever as I thought!” Sherlock parroted, his own lips quirking. “Oh, dear. Oh, dear, oh, dear. What a shame.”
As John and Sherlock slept, Irene lay motionlessly for a few hours, her stomach gnawing at itself in hunger. They'd never actually gotten supper. It hadn't seemed important then, but now she needed something in her stomach to get her back to London, back to her master.
The sitting room was bathed in soft pink and purple light emitting from the few lamps scattered around the space. White fairy lights hung from the walls, granting a small amount of substantial light to the pink-tinged room. Glittering heart cutouts decorated the walls, and streamers hung delicately from the ceiling, curving and twisting and giving the place a festive, sort of cheesy look.
Half an hour later, John's shelter was disassembled, and he was on the path to St. Bart’s Tower once again, his bag on his back and his cane in his hand. It hadn’t snowed any more that night, and John thanked his lucky stars that he didn’t need to worry about five feet of snow. He felt perfectly fine with the three he already had to trek through, and he really didn’t think he needed any more.
“I’m really nothing to worry about,” John assured. Still, he tried extracting himself from Sherlock’s hold, but the prince only gripped him tighter. He dropped a messy kiss on John’s lips, glaring at the knight who’d ordered John to move. John blushed to the tips of his ears.
Siger held Sherlock as Mycroft flinched, almost imperceptibly, his mother’s fingertips barely brushing over the scar on one eye.
He stepped out of the bathroom, grabbed one of the beers he and Mike had bought, and made his way to the sitting room.
because it was tedious and boring being all by himself. He was much like Sherlock in that regard; neither of them could stand boredom for long. It’s just that they chose to alleviate that boredom differently.
"The King will see you shortly," the guard said. "Allow me to escort you to the counsel room, Your Highness, Sir Watson."
A freezing blue hand grasped John’s wrist as he pulled away from the body. John’s gaze snapped to the prince’s face, where it was met with terrified grey eyes.
Sherlock couldn’t breathe. He lost his balance as he turned to retreat into his room, and he nearly fell off the side of the tower. It didn’t matter much to the prince anymore. Sherlock stumbled and fell on all fours, tears already leaking from his eyes. His chest tightened, and his lungs seemed about ready to burst from behind his ribs. A guttural sob ripped its way out of Sherlock’s body. The sound echoed through the empty forest, offering him no comfort.
Irene put her foot between Mary’s shoulder blades and pushed, forcing the blond woman to the ground.
John shook his head, horrified at the dryness of his mouth, when a gut-wrenching scream sounded from the prince’s room, followed by desperate shouting.
There was the brief feeling of weightlessness, and Sherlock’s stomach jumped to his throat. He closed his eyes as wind whipped through his hair, his heart beating wildly.
a bit wider, and he licked his lips reflexively. Sherlock must have caught the movement, for the blush on his cheeks intensified tenfold.
It was interesting, watching the man break into a house just to steal him some clothes. He stuck his tongue out as he picked the lock, dark brows furrowed in concentration. Mycroft considered him once more. The man was a noble one, though in intentions rather than blood, a brother and leader, though not a father or husband. He wore bulky iron weapons and cheap leather armor and laugh lines that only served to make him more attractive.
“Of course I bloody feel it! How could I not?” Harry demanded. “It gets so loud I can’t sleep at night.”
“Sebastian made his own deductions about me,” Sherlock said, quickly unbuttoning his shirt. “They were, surprisingly, correct.”
“No,” the prince replied, his face burning. “I would appreciate either some help or some dignity, so if you could make yourself useful…”
John had never seen so many reminders of royalty. He imagined Sherlock dressed to the nines - silver jewelry dangling from his neck, wrapped around his fingers, sitting on those inky dark curls in a delicate halo of a crown - and found that he didn’t like
"I don't know," John admitted. "The first time I was here, it was for deployment, so I don't know much about how everything works around here."
When he was eight years old, Sherlock had dreamt that monstrous beasts had invaded the castle, and he had woken up sweating, panting, and scared. He did the same thing now as he'd done then.
John didn’t know if Sherlock knew he was looking for him. Ordinarily, John wouldn’t even entertain the thought, but Sherlock wasn’t ordinary at all. Certainly Sherlock would be able to tell what was on John’s mind, even from a distance.
The prince swallowed the angry response rising in his throat, instead advancing upon Moriarty, his sword gleaming in the morning sunlight. Moriarty grinned.
Both Sherlock and John started towards her, but, with Sherlock being confined to the bed, only John was able to grab her arm. She recoiled as if burned by fire, tearing herself away from John’s grip and staring at him with wide eyes, her blanket pulled tightly around her frame.
John paused in front of the forest, examining the ground under his feet. The road from Lauriston faded away here, shifting from cobblestone to dirt path. The snow, absent from the frequently-walked streets of the town, was abundant here. The forest roads were rarely traveled during the winter months. John was crazy for daring to use them.
The prince stared into an unblinking grey eye the size of a dinner plate. The black scales (Scales?) beneath his fingers were cold and sharp to the touch. The beast huffed, and Sherlock yelped again as its hot breath hit his stomach. He looked down and realized that the creature had caught him on its large muzzle.
When he came to, Sherlock was struggling to his feet, watching in awe as Moriarty began aging rapidly, bright white Magic surging around him. Slowly, slowly, Magic dissipated, leaving John, once again, terribly and totally alone.
“You want to host two weddings? In the state of this economy?” Siger teased, dropping a kiss onto his wife’s head.
Then, exactly four things happened at once. The first was a magpie’s call ringing in John’s ears, and he noticed the familiar bird sitting intently on his windowsill, fat snowflakes drifting to the ground behind it. The second was Shan’s decision to leap off the bed, throw herself at John, startle him into throwing his arms around her waist to balance them both, and begin showering John’s cheeks and neck with ruby red kisses. The third was Sherlock nearly falling into the room, tears dripping down his face, his eyes wide and scared and hurt and embarrassed and
He spun around to check for damage, his knee twinging, and felt the weight of the world fall off his shoulders as he saw Sherlock kneeling over Moriarty’s prone body.
John looked to Sherlock, unsure of how to gauge… any of whatever the hell was going on. (Did anything matter anymore, though? He’d just kissed
Instead of ending up a dark stain on the cold grey cobblestone below, Sherlock found himself very much alive, surrounded by complete darkness. He yelped as his hand touched the floor - it was wet and muscly and moved away at his touch. The stench was the worst of it - rancid meat and something burnt lingering behind that. Sherlock held his breath as his world tilted, and the great mouth opened, sending him spilling out onto the pavement.
“Nothing, really,” Irene replied. “Might get a bit lonely. We could’ve stayed in and watched cheesy movies if you’d said something before I had the party idea.”
Wrapped tightly in stolen blankets, Irene spent nearly an hour trying to start a fire before the tinder finally caught. She fed the flames and warmed her hands before sticking the weapon into the center of the fire. The dagger glowed white and hot, and Irene swallowed hard.
John considered that answer for a moment, watching the movement of Sherlock’s pale throat as he swallowed. Nerves? Possibly. John couldn’t blame him.
John felt anger from his chest to his fingertips as the tall guard smiled lecherously at the prince. Magic buzzed fiercely in John's ears as the guard licked his lips.
“Medicine cabinet in the loo,” John replied. “Almost didn’t see it what with all of Irene’s hair product taking up so much space.”
Harry narrowed her eyes and followed him into the pantry. “You know I’ve never been able to control Magic.”
“Hey, hey,” John interrupted, holding his hands up in surrender, “let’s not get into our deepest fears and insecurities, okay? I normally save that for the
Sherlock crowded him up against the wall, bodies pressed together, Sherlock’s mouth on John’s neck. John’s heart beat wildly, and he wasn’t sure if it was because of their proximity or the panic crackling through his bones as Sherlock’s nimble (cold) fingers found their way under his shirt. Those fingers continued roaming over John’s stomach and chest as Sherlock’s mouth met his own. The familiarity comforted him, and they kissed slowly, softly, until Sherlock parted his lips. John took the liberty of swiping his tongue over Sherlock’s bottom lip, which caused the prince to shiver against him. Sherlock broke away to divest John of his shirt.
Sherlock rolled his eyes as Irene approached him. “Two men hit on you in quick succession. You rejected them both. I don’t know why we play this game every week; you always lose. My cashier wouldn’t stop complimenting me as if she thought her opinions actually meant anything to me.”
“Well, I’m here, aren’t I?” Sherlock snapped, his whole body tensing at the reminder of his little brother’s death. He relaxed as John’s warm hand covered his. “I’m here, and you’re going to help me.”
No sooner had they decided to leave than the ornate ballroom doors burst open, Hawkins standing there, his sword drawn, surrounded by a small number of London’s knights.
He might actually die. He felt the same way about it now that he had before storming off to Afghanistan: if he had to die, he’d die doing the right thing.
John’s head whipped around, and he caught the gaze of a tall, broad-shouldered man with a charming smile plastered on his dark face.
They stared at each other for a long time, neither one moving even an inch. It was Irene who finally broke the silence.
“Of course we’ll be needing two bedrooms,” he said, shame creeping up on him like the first frost of winter. He swallowed hard as he watched Sherlock’s shoulders tense; he longed to run his hands over the prince’s stiff muscles, soothing away the tension he put there.
Grumbling discontentedly, Sherlock staggered into the kitchen and put the kettle on. He paused, stared blankly at the magnet-littered fridge, and frowned as a very pressing thought came to mind.
“Nothing!” John cried. “Absolutely nothing. Nothing at all. It’s just that most kids are sort of dumb.”
Irene spat, tears dripping slowly down her face. Wiping her cheeks, the woman wrenched her weapon from Mary’s flesh and ran off to join the larger fight. For the prince. For Sherlock.
Mycroft remained silent, slowly mulling over Greg’s words. Thankfully, they hadn’t been too far from the castle to begin with, and suddenly they were standing before it, the walls high and imposing and achingly familiar.
“He would be accompanied by the finest knights in our army,” the King assured. “You’ve no need to follow him into the castle like a trained dog.”
John looked down at the leather bag he’d found (only after an hour of searching for the blasted thing), the dried meat and bread he thought his sister could live without, and his bow and quiver. A rope, obviously, since the prince was locked up in a
“She would be,” Irene agreed just as quietly. “Now go check out the kitchen. I know you’re itching to see the damage.”
Soo Lin smiled as her wife left the room, accompanied by the servant ever-present at Sherlock’s door.
The blond stared at her for a tense moment before running off without another word. Irene hadn’t expected any less, but she felt John’s departure deep in her bones as anxiety began to build. She hadn’t seen Mary since the day she almost killed Sherlock. The day she’d left Irene at the hands of John Watson.
Should someone ask Sherlock if he couldn’t help but smile as Sarah dropped a kiss on Soo Lin’s forehead, he would lie and say he didn’t believe in true love. If they assumed he longed for that affection in his own life, he would do the same.
“Sherlock!” Irene snapped. “Jesus Christ, when’s the last time you ate anything other than ice cream?”
“Yes,” the woman piped up. She cleaned the bite wound on her hand, glaring at Sherlock. “It sounds like a fairytale, we know, but… what else are we supposed to call them?”
The man paled. “The witch turned you both and your youngest son to stone,” he explained. Violet’s heart sank, and her gaze wandered to the mess of stone by the shattered mirror. “Moriarty killed him, Your Highness.”
“Okay, can we please not do this right now?” John asked, stepping between the flatmates, holding his arms out in a grand gesture of peace. “I think we should get rid of the microwave before we place blame on anyone. Call 999 to dispose of it, if you want. Just… wait until it’s gone.”
“All right. That’s enough for now. I do hope you figure all this out by the party,” she said. “I’d hate to have you ruin it.”
John didn’t remember telling his body to move towards the man, to crouch down and search for a pulse, but he did it anyway. As expected, there were no signs of life. The man’s pulse was nonexistent, and his skin was as cold as the snow falling outside. Silently, John lowered the prince’s eyelids.
They stood there staring at each other for nearly a minute before finally speaking at the same time.
Shaking fingers traced the prince’s face, from the sharp angles of his cheekbones to the strong slope of his nose to the delicate dip of his cupid’s bow.
There were four magpies dead in the snow. Four of them. John tried not to think about what that meant. Instead, the knight nocked another arrow, aiming carefully at the last retreating magpie.
"I think the better question is what we're going to tell the King," John said. "You might want to start thinking of something good."
“Say that distraction comes from the center,” Shan interrupted. “The left and right flanks then move in, heading towards the castle from their positions in the field.”
“So you’re worried he won’t be able to come to our rescue?” John asked. “That’s all fine. You want to keep an eye on him. All siblings do that.”
Crimson staining white skin and snow, violent stripes across the dead man’s face and a pool beneath his head.
The prince didn’t say a word as he entered the house, leaving the other man in the kitchen in favor of searching for a closet. He found one in a bedroom on the second floor, and he picked through the clothes carefully, none of it quite meeting his standards.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” he chanted, his body shaking in their arms. “I should have protected him, I should have saved him I should have done-”
“He’s got the whole town under his control,” John said. “The whole kingdom. You think just marching in is going to do anything other than get us killed?”
John stared after the woman as she left for the door. He glanced over at Sherlock only to find the other man’s eyes fixed on him. Sherlock blushed faintly and looked away, embarrassed. John took a nervous swig of his beer before walking into the sitting room. Molly still occupied the seat next to Sherlock, so John struck up a conversation with Mike until all the guests had arrived half an hour later. (Irene was
Carefully (as to not wake John or the prince), Irene shed her blankets and tiptoed to the open window. She rested her hands on the windowsill, the wood rough on her thin fingers. She allowed herself one last look at the men behind her before she left them for good.
“Inaccurate. You are, in fact, describing your relationship with your wife,” Sherlock said bluntly, and John had to retrace the conversation a few steps. “Subconsciously, maybe, but no less truthful for the fact.”
“You’re blind!” she gasped. “Oh, it’s only one eye, but- Oh, Myc, it’s just so good to see you, darling. You know how your father worries.”
“Yeah, I know.” John took his place on the stool again. He poured a handful of water over Sherlock’s head, smiling when the prince glared up at him.
Sherlock’s name had barely left his lips before he was on his knees, his whole body revolting. His organs were pulled from his torso, his muscles twisted painfully, his skin burned with a brand all over. John let out a pitiful yell, his eyes closed tightly. His only comfort seemed to be that Moriarty was in more pain than he was.
“Yes,” the genius replied curtly. He stood abruptly and addressed only John. “Excuse me. I’ll be a moment.”
“You’ve always been a romantic interest,” Sherlock corrected quietly. “Until recently, I was under the impression it was rather one-sided.”
“Maybe you say that, but… babe, you sulked for three days because you embarrassed yourself in front of him.”
The boy seemed to agree, for he took off running faster than John or Sherlock could say another word. John laughed softly at the retreating figure before turning to Sherlock, a wondrous look on his face.
John frowned at himself, wondered when he’d become so gloomy, turned to Sherlock, and asked, “You all right?”
"A friend, yeah," the knight repeated. His eyebrows knit together. "What do you mean, the King's son wasn't kind to you?"
“Can’t it wait until I’m dressed?” Sherlock replied, gingerly prodding at the bump forming on his skull. “It’s not bleeding. You should go ask Irene for some ice.”
“It’s me! It’s Mike,” said the man. “Mike Stamford. We used to play soldiers before you went off to war. You were the only one with the guts to do it!”
Even John’s eyes were wide. Sherlock hated it. He hated what he was doing. But he couldn’t let them take John.
At Sherlock’s outburst, the fearsome dragon immediately recoiled, slinking out of the window and lowering his head like an embarrassed child.
Sherlock scoffed, but he still shifted so John could reach him better. John worked the soap through Sherlock’s curls, gently tugging out knots as he went. Sherlock let out a quiet sigh as his shoulders relaxed, and John smiled to himself.
So, yes, John rather liked Irene and Sherlock’s flat. He liked it because it was obviously theirs. He liked it because Sherlock seemed so much more relaxed here, joking with Irene, than any other time John had seen him.
“Oh, come off it,” Irene scolded, shoving Sherlock’s legs off the sofa in order to sit. “You love to be complimented. S’why your head’s so big.” Sherlock elected to ignore her, instead shifting further into the sofa cushions, closing his eyes and sighing in content. He could hear Irene’s scowl in her voice. “Don’t sound so pleased over there, Sherlock. I’ve got a surprise for you.”
Sherlock shifted, and his eye caught on the empty bed on the other side of the room. His heart grew heavy at the sight, and he frowned deeply. John wouldn't be happy either, but for different reasons.
“Big brother tell you that?” Moriarty laughed. “Don’t tell me! Of course he did. I see.” Moriarty stood and drew his sword. Sherlock did the same. Moriarty waggled his eyebrows. “Oh! I see
“We’ll find them,” Siger assured, taking her in his arms and tucking his head into the crook of her neck. “We’ll find them. They’ll be all right, I promise.”
Humans possessed much more blood than magpies, and John’s nose filled with the stench of it. He stared at the bodies in front of him, the bodies he’d put there. He needed his arrows back, but there was no way he’d be able to…
The dragon blinked at him, apparently not in the mood to answer dull questions. Sherlock sighed, exasperated, and ran a hand through his hair, which he immediately realized was a grave mistake.
It wasn’t long before they too were defeated, two lying motionlessly in the crimson-stained snow, one flying hastily away, squawking as it went. The sound was a heartbreaking one, broken and terrified. John had heard that cry before, not from a bird but from within the heart of man; he recognized it in his own heart, identified it immediately as the feeling of watching a friend die, the life leave their eyes, and their body becoming this…
Not beta'd or edited in any way. I've read it so many times I'm numb. Sorry for any mistakes or inconsistencies. Feel free to correct me if there's any glaring mistake you can't stand.
“Sherlock,” John called softly. “Sherlock. That’s enough. He’s dead.” The knight paused, glancing behind him. The surviving knight was gone, her weapons abandoned on the floor. “You did it,” John continued. “You killed him.”
“My father will be more than willing to send his army to Afghanistan if you send yours to London,” Sherlock replied. “We would be in your debt.”
John handed Sherlock a towel when he stood, and the prince gingerly wrapped it around his body. John looked away as Sherlock dressed, his ears burning. Even if he was in love with Sherlock, everything he’d imagined had been in theory, and he wasn’t ready to give himself over to reality just yet.
Magic loves deeply and without restraint. The only problem is that there is nothing like Magic on Earth. So Magic settles for loving humanity, and loves it as it is - greedy and generous, conniving and sweet, guilt and innocent, deceitful and honest, completely imperfect and utterly flawless.
Sherlock collided with something much harder than snow and much less pointed than the top of a tree. His eyes slowly fluttered open, and he let out a surprised yelp.
in fact, and this is my partner Sir John Watson of Northumberland. I’m here to kill Moriarty and save my parents and you by association, it seems. John is here to make sure I don’t kill myself while I’m at it.”
All it took was one look at Sherlock’s face for John to wish the worst upon the man standing in front of them.
“How can you know?” Shan asked innocently, her eyes wide and lips pouting. She stepped towards him again, unrelenting, until John’s back was against the wall. “Don’t you ever wonder if he’s lying to you?”
The pair of them were still giggling softly as they crawled under the blanket the Lestrades had provided, wrapping their arms around each other and kissing sweetly until both of them drifted off to sleep.
- the King. After your grandfather died… Well, everyone was sorta worried, you know, about what the next King would be like. Your da, though, everyone loves him. So everything will work out. Everyone’ll work towards it. It’ll be a golden age before you know it, Mycroft. You might even be King for it.”
“And Mycroft,” the prince offered, sniffling. “Mycroft is here but I can’t find him you need to see him he’s somewhere outside I don’t know I don’t know I-”
With that thought in his mind, Sherlock drifted off to sleep, curled on his side and clutching a pillow to his chest.
Sherlock shrugged. “Perhaps I’m not. That doesn’t change anything. You’ve been waiting for salvation for fifty-six years. Here I am. Are you going to turn me away?”
“Thank God,” Sherlock muttered. He didn’t move from his spot on the sofa. “How would your mother feel if you’d married a homosexual?”
“Oh, sweetie. You two are cute.” She laid her hand on John’s arm. “He doesn’t like me talking to you, you know. Thinks I’ll say something embarrassing. I don’t think I have, have I?”
It began to snow, and the bird kept flying, its wings moving of their own accord. It wasn't long before its vision started to fade, and it fell to the ground, unconscious, landing in a snowbank far from any village in either direction. The bird curled in on itself, seeking refuge from the storm, and closed its eyes. Snow slowly covered its feathered form until only its beak was left exposed.
“How’s little Ford?” Sherlock asked, biting into the fruit. “I assume that’s where you were yesterday, yes?”
Irene scowled as Stella stepped into their flat. She made herself comfortable on the sofa, and, slowly, everyone relaxed right along with her. Everyone, that was, except Irene. John stayed near Sherlock, enjoying immensely their close proximity. Sherlock didn’t seem to mind, either. He shot John little smiles every now and then, promising more as soon as they got a chance alone.
Irene rolled her eyes. “So? I’ll invite her, then. I already invited Mike for you, told him he could bring along the object of your affections.”
John knew without a doubt that his face was as red as the decorations on the wall. He laughed uncomfortably, cursing himself for making things so awkward not even a minute into their conversation.
“I just wanted to make sure that what you heard today… Well, I wanted to make sure it was all clear to you. Your friend-”
“Of Northumberland?” Mike asked, and John nodded again. “Why would they do anything? They don’t want Moriarty coming after our kingdom next.”
“You forgetful old hag,” Sarah teased, no trace of unkindness in her voice, “is it in your other pocket?”
to have boarded those windows. Someone had boarded the windows, stocked the bookshelf, changed his clothes, dusted the furniture, and made sure no one could leave the tower.
As if he were handling glass, John began surveying Sherlock for injuries. Other than a nasty bump on his head and an angry gash on his bicep, there seemed to be nothing obviously wrong with the prince. He sighed, dug into his medical kit (an army doctor until the end), and manhandled Sherlock into a bandage.
Mycroft nodded and exited the ballroom; it felt like all air was sucked out of Siger’s lungs. He would need to get over that, he thought absently. They couldn’t spend the rest of their lives being watched over by their father.
Rosalie’s frown remained, carved into her face like an inscription on stone. A matching expression graced her brother’s face. The resemblance was astonishing, but only when they frowned so deeply.
John opened his eyes and followed the movement of Sherlock’s throat as he swallowed. The prince stared at the wall next to John’s head, his eyes unmoving. His lips were pressed tightly together, and his face was white.
“You can sleep there tonight. We won’t try to kill each other. In the morning we’ll get packed and go our separate ways. Sound like a deal?”
Thanks so much for reading!! Leave kudos or a comment if you liked it, didn't like it, or have any suggestions. I'd love to hear them!
“Ah. You live ‘round here, then,” the man mused. Mycroft turned to glare at him, but found the sour look on his face disappearing as he took in the man who found him.  Warm brown eyes and a bright smile and stubble on his cheeks and-
I can't thank everyone enough for leaving such lovely comments on the last update. I've saved them all, even though that chapter's been replaced with this one. I think I reread those comments every week or so just to put a smile back on my face. :) Thank you from the very bottom of my heart. <3
“All right,” John acquiesced. “It’s just that he’s getting into a bit of a row with Irene. Victor, I mean. Won’t tell anyone how he knows you. I-”
The blond jumped at the voice behind him. He turned to find Irene nursing a wine cooler, her eyebrows raised. The expression on her face was, generally, unimpressed.
John forced himself to laugh, and the conversation turned back to much more mundane topics. Mainly, there was the concern about food supply and livestock. After all, winter looked to be making an early appearance this year.
Seeing Sherlock around campus (and maybe getting to talk to the other man for once) was normally the highlight of John’s week. No, the only problem was that John
It was all fine, John reasoned. Sherlock could proposition anyone he liked. Maybe then John could get a night's rest without the prince latching onto him like a starving parasite.
“Can’t really blame me, can you? He really wasn’t all that important, anyway, you know. Not the eldest, not the smartest… Just a child.”
“Ah, nothing important,” Greg assured, dismissing Mycroft’s embarrassment with a wave of his hand. “Let’s get you to the castle, yeah? Curse may be broken, but I don’t think Moriarty’s quite finished yet. Your brother-”
“Says who?” demanded the woman, her dark eyes narrowed. “You’re lying. I know it.” She turned on John. “And you! You don’t have anything to add?”
It was just John’s luck that it began to snow only hours after he’d started his journey. The sky was almost completely white, and John couldn’t see more than three feet in front of him. He kept moving, trudging through the snow diligently, one hand raised to shield his eyes.
I don't usually write smut (because reasons), but I was wondering what anybody reading this might think about including it in this fic. Yay or nay?
Sherlock’s eyes sparkled as he beamed. John smiled back just as widely, giving Sherlock’s hand a small squeeze.
"Van Coon," hissed the other guard, the fat on his neck jiggling as he shook his head, "you oughtn't talk like that!"
you won’t hurt him. You’re smarter than that. You’ll have to deal with me and the British government.”
The doorbell rang, and Irene answered it with a bright smile. In walked Molly, a pack of wine coolers in her hand. Sherlock tore his eyes away from the scene to see John staring down at him nervously, a pill bottle gripped in one hand.
“Magic started to heal you before the arrow was removed, which means someone had to rip it out of your skin
John Watson lumbered through the streets of Northumberland, a cane in one hand and a basket of clothes in the other. The once great knight had become a launderer, having taken over his sister's job when he returned home only to find Harriet with a bottle permanently stuck in her hand.
“I guess I'll have to go myself, then,” Mike replied as they walked to their next class. “I'll tell Irene and Sherlock you couldn't make it. I’m sure they’ll understand.”
Irene watched quietly as the tiger jumped from the shadows, spooking the horses and their riders. Sherlock’s body hit the hard ground, his head cracking against grey cobblestone. Irene staggered back, hand over her mouth, before making her way closer to the fight breaking out before her.
John glanced towards Sherlock, whose face gave away no emotion. His arm was linked with Soo Lin’s, the woman gripping his hand tightly. The prince caught his eye and nodded.
“We should go,” he said before dropping a chaste kiss on John’s cheek. “The sooner we get this over with, the better.”
Unedited like always. I got so impatient so I'm uploading in the morning before school instead of a reasonable time.
“Oh, all right, then. I’ll just tell you all about my surprise,” Irene replied, taking her time in getting everything put in its proper place. “We’re having a singles party on the fourteenth. Here, at the flat. I was thinking you could invite Molly. Poor girl deserves a nice bloke who’s actually interested in women. Greg’s your friend too, right? The one with the glasses. Or is that Stamford? What the hell - invite Stamford too. As long as he’s single. And, you know, he’ll probably bring ‘round John-”
“We’ll find him and deal with him then,” Siger replied. He leaned away, gripping Violet’s elbows tightly. “I’ll get Hawkins. You find Wiggins. Do you have a sword under there?” he asked, pulling at her skirt.
“Oh, right! Oh, John, she’s beautiful,” gushed Mike. “She’s the kindest, prettiest, loveliest soul you’ll ever meet.”
Sherlock didn’t mind John’s fingers sifting through his hair, even though they were standing in the middle of the kitchen (and even though it’d taken a nasty whack on the head to get there). After no small amount of time had passed, John cleared his throat and handed Sherlock the ice. The taller man took it from him gingerly, letting out a hiss of discomfort as he pressed the ice to the bump on his head.
Soo Lin called in her servants, somber and dressed in uniform grey, and ordered them to escort John and Sherlock to their rooms.
They stood there, in the middle of the marble hallway, staring at each other, daring the other to speak. John couldn’t help but take in Sherlock’s change in wardrobe. Instead of Mike’s old clothes, Sherlock wore a polished blue vest and tight black trousers that really left nothing to the imagination. His face was smooth, and his curls were clean and meticulously fluffed. He looked at home here in the castle, and once again John felt shame creep up on him for doing no more than be himself.
to me. We’re trying to help you. You’re going to get yourselves killed if you keep going on like you are, wandering around town in the dark shouting about the lost princes like he can’t hear you!”
"It's on the dresser," Sherlock replied. "John, you don't- You know you don't have to… do anything you don't want to."
“I woke up almost two months ago,” Sherlock replied, his voice muffled against Siger’s chest. “Mycroft’s been awake the whole time, watching over me.”
“Your Highness,” he said, “we come to request support against King Moriarty. With the prince’s awakening, we wish to reclaim London from him and restore it to the Holmes family.”
Siger was familiar with his middle son’s propensity for panic attacks; when Sherlock was a child, he’d had one nearly every week. Siger couldn’t remember the last time he’d seen Sherlock so worked up.
"Our son is in Piccadilly with his wife," Sarah said, pushing an olive past her rose-painted lips. "I wish he could have been here to meet you, Sherlock. I think you would've liked him."
“All hell broke loose,” Greg continued. “Anderson was the first to go a little mad. He killed a calf to feed him and his wife and her sister, and Dimmock was right pissed about it, so she nearly castrated Anderson, and right in front of his nephews, too. It took a while for people to settle down, after that. We rationed the livestock until there were none left. We kept farming. We still starve. And that’s not even considering the things that come at night.”
Within minutes, Irene’s bodice was soaked through with blood, the blue fabric stained dark, dark red. The bleeding ebbed, and Irene wiped away the rest of the blood. There it was, unharmed and carved plain as day into her skin:
“If you need Magic to kill me, you must not be very good with your sword,” the prince commented, tightening his grip on his weapon.
“It went about as well as I expected,” John admitted. “That was amazing, by the way. How you knew all those things about me. Or maybe you're just stalking me.”
“We’re not tracking anyone tonight,” John said. “We’re all going to bed. Tomorrow, we’ll explore our options.” Sherlock pouted, and John shook his head. “You’ll wear yourself out if you don’t rest.”
Logically, Irene knew John wouldn’t harm her, but every time he looked at her, Irene only saw the cold anger and intensity she’d seen the first time she crossed paths with the knight. She heard the cries of her brother and sisters as their lives were taken from them.
John gently removed the weapon from Sherlock’s blood-covered hands. The prince offered no resistance, wrapping his arms around John the moment his hands were free. His whole body shook with the force of his sobs. John’s heart broke for him.
The prince froze as Siger pulled him close, kissing his temple and crying into his hair. His son quieted, breathing deeply against Siger’s chest.
“Marvelous,” Irene replied, grinning. The buzzer rang, and she rolled her eyes. “I’ll just get that, then. You get yours!”
“Oh, what is it with everybody?” Sherlock spun around and stalked towards Irene, a murderous glare on his face. “I don’t have any reaction, or I have too much of a reaction. Where’s the middle ground? Where am I supposed to stand?”
The prince stared blankly at the mirror until it got dark, and the mirror stared back. Once he could no longer see the girl’s eyes, Sherlock crawled into bed, curled up under the thin blanket, and clenched his eyes shut, shivering violently as a cold wind blew through the open window.
Sherlock’s feet seemed to be stuck to the floor, and he watched silently as Molly stepped into the mirror and disappeared.
one, I imagine she’d be quite confused to see you’re a man,” Irene pointed out. Sherlock chuckled as his flatmate dumped her bags on the kitchen table.
“Such a sweet little pet, Sherlock,” Moriarty croaked, gaining their attention. “I had some of my own, but none so clever as your little knight.”
Just as John rounded the landing, something tall, dark, and solid crashed into him, sending him stumbling backwards and straight onto his arse. That tall, dark, solid something landed directly on top of him, all awkward limbs and pointy elbows and knees digging into the soft flesh of John’s stomach and - well -
He stood in the ballroom alone, his hair perfectly curled, his clothes pressed and cleaned. The hall was empty, marble floors gleaming as light streamed in from open windows. The prince swallowed hard as a voice called out to him.
The Queen strode confidently forward, and John took a measured step back. The hairs on the back of his neck stood on end as Shan’s eyes swept greedily over his body. He licked his lips (only a nervous tick), and her eyes darkened.
“Certainly not,” Mycroft huffed, his voice hoarse from disuse. “I’m quite aware this is not the time to be nude. I have been divested of my clothing against my will.”
They were quiet for a moment, both staring at each other with stupid grins on their faces. John’s gaze found its way to Sherlock’s lips, and he tore it away, embarrassed beyond belief. He’d
Sherlock woke to the sound of incessant tapping and scraping at stone. He frowned, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes. The prince couldn’t remember falling asleep the night before; one moment, Sherlock was staring at the full moon, and the next, he had to shield his eyes from the bright sunlight streaming into the room through the missing stones in the walls. He wondered absently how many years had passed this time.
Please leave a kudos or a comment if you're able. It helps motivate me, and it always makes my day :)
Sherlock’s confession inspired new tears in both Violet and Siger; the former gripped Mycroft’s shoulders and said quite seriously, “You’ve done a splendid job. You’ve always been such a diligent big brother.”
“Yes, I should think so,” the Queen chirped, discarding her dressing gown at the foot of John’s bed. She ran her fingers down her sides and over her stomach. “But I won’t tell anyone if you do what I want.”
Irene jerked her head towards the couple on the couch. “Molly and Sherlock. They're not dating. Never have been.”
“Would it be so unforgivable, John?” Shan inquired, seemingly changing tactics. “Would it be so monstrous of me to seek love wherever I can find it?”
the concept of stealing, John. And I’ll have you know, while Mummy and Father may have indulged Sherrinford, Mycroft and I rarely received the same treatment.” A door slammed open behind them. John’s muscles tensed, and he grabbed Sherlock’s arm in a vice-like grip. His eyes strained in the darkness to discover the cause of the offending noise. The prince only kept talking. “So I lived luxuriously as a prince. It’s hardly my fault. I can’t control how the metaphorical die was cast.”
John could’ve scoffed at his own dramatics. Instead, he’d gently pushed Sherlock off him and reminded him to do those exercises to strengthen the muscles in his hands.
“I won’t be back for a while,” she said. “I’ll pop in every now and then, I think, to check on you, but don’t expect me back too soon, all right?”
Once in town, the woman managed to steal the essentials and bargain for the rest of it; Irene left Dartmoor fully clothed and somewhat armed, a dagger hidden beneath the folds of her pilfered dress. As Irene regained her health, Moriarty’s song came back to her, a too-familiar tune niggling at the back of her mind.
“We can be convincing,” Greg answered, “and our mother was well-respected. Thank God she passed before all this.”
Did you think I was gonna forget about the beautiful and under-appreciated Stella Hopkins? You were wrong. Mofftiss was wrong. BBC was wrong. Give Stella the screen time she deserves, damn it!
If you asked John about what happened that morning in the tallest tower of the Holmes Castle, he would forget to mention the fainting.
“Hello, boys. A little birdie told me where you were,” Mary drawled, and Irene frowned, angry that the blonde would make them doubt her even after her death (however true that story might be).
“There’s nothing wrong with having a scar,” Sherlock continued. “Plenty of people have scars. I’ll have scars on my hand and on my leg and on my chest once those fully heal. Those are only because you healed me.”
Sherlock, acutely aware that John’s hand was millimeters from his bare thigh, muttered, “Perfectly fine,” even though he was not, in fact, perfectly fine at all.
I'm still a little behind on writing, but for now, the schedule will stay the same with a new chapter every 2 weeks.
Magic tightened around Sherlock’s neck once before the pressure was suddenly relieved. He gasped and choked, desperate for air to fill his lungs. Someone was shouting his name and Moriarty was screaming and everything rang in his ears. He blinked slowly, his body heaving with every new breath. Sherlock’s eyes focused, and his heart nearly beat out of his chest.
The other birds - four of them - wailed for their fallen brother. Seeing his chance and dreading his need to take it, John nocked another arrow.
Well, that’s what he’d tried to do. Sherlock had forgotten that his legs were still caught up in his jeans and tumbled to the ground, smacking the back of his head on the bedside table. It was much more cluttered in his room than usual, what with Irene wanting the flat to look nice for her party, and Sherlock landed on a pile of books he’d only put there this morning.
(This chapter was supposed to be longer than ~2k but I couldn't force it out of me or else it wouldn't be good enough to post. I figure after that wait, you deserve something good. Plus, I like Irene's POV.)
So John rejoined the fight, along with, it seemed, a number of Moriarty’s lackeys. The women, eyes clear and alert, were clad in matching armor, maces and swords glinting in the sunlight.
“Most children are far more intelligent than their elders believe,” Sherlock replied plainly. “Their unflinching honesty is written off as rudeness, and their curiosity as trouble-making.”
The prince didn’t answer. He strode down the marble hallway like a man hellbent on revenge (which, in a way, he was) leaving John to catch up.
“I didn’t think boys your age would be childish enough to steal someone’s things,” John said very plainly. “Why did you think it was a good idea? Did you think you wouldn’t get caught?”
John woke up slowly. His arms tightened around Sherlock as he came to, slowly blinking sleep out of his eyes. Sherlock turned to him and smiled.
“Right. So, we’ll split your troops into three sections. One infiltrates the kingdom from left, right, and center, and-”
“Pretty much,” John replied. “Sh- Prince William and I will scout ahead and get into the castle somehow - distract Moriarty, disarm him if we can.”
The knights John dealt with easily. He had been caught once on his bad shoulder with a mace, and a spear has pierced his thigh (though thankfully nowhere important). John couldn’t tell if the blood on his face was really his.
“Mate!” a gruff voice called. Mycroft wanted to die. He didn’t turn around, even as the voice continued, “I know it’s nearly spring, but it’s not warm enough for this.”
Sherlock they wouldn’t do anything but talk, so that’s what they were going to do. Plus, the butterflies in John’s stomach didn’t exactly make for suave, confident kisses.
John had taken to wandering out his little town just to avoid getting home. Home meant arguing with Harry, and John never really liked the heavy feeling that settled in his stomach after an argument.
“You’re right. You said you were a prince, and we’ve all heard about what the King’s middle son could do. Can do.” The man let out a heavy sigh. “I believe you are who you claim to be. I can’t say that for the rest of New Scotland, but they trust me. And, God help me, now I’m trusting you.”
Irene knew it was a fight she wouldn't win. She sighed softly and closed her eyes, trying to ignore the heat of John's gaze.
“Fuck you, Sherlock Holmes,” the girl replied dispassionately, her heels clicking irritatingly on the wood floors. “Get your own damn milk. We’re
“Yes. Well. Hello, John,” Sherlock greeted, drawing himself to his full height. “I didn’t realize it was you.”
The sun was high in the sky when several of London’s knights strode into the room, swords drawn and scowls etched on their faces.
“What is it?” the prince demanded, pulling away from John’s touch. “Was I wrong to tell them? They both know. They should be forced to acknowledge it, don’t you think?”
Greg smiled brightly. “He’s a good man. It’s good to know who’s in the castle for once. I think Rosalie and I are the first in the family to
“Beware Shan. She won my nephew’s heart and makes him happier than I’ve seen him since before his father’s death, but she has a wicked heart and a sharp tongue. Do not trust her quickly. I have talked to my nephew about her loyalty, but he will hear no word of it. You will listen to me.”
“I think it’s unwise,” the King claimed. “You obviously have an unhealthy, one-sided emotional connection to a superior that should never have been allowed to grow in the first place. Frankly, I’m concerned for his safety around you.”
John unhurriedly headed down the stairs, his phone in his hand and his eyes on the screen. He wasn’t particularly…
“No,” he breathed, shaking his head. He backed away from both of them, his hands held in front of him like an offering. A sharp laugh escaped his lips. “No, you can’t be. They’re dead. The princes. They have to be. They can’t have survived.”
“Right,” John agreed, smiling. He had a lovely smile. Sherlock squeezed his hand tighter. “We’re looking for any help we can get, I suppose. Even if it’s just a couple of horses that can take us to Central London. We don’t mean to put anyone in danger.”
Of course, it wouldn’t matter what he wore when he was finally in his parents’ arms, as long as it actually covered him. Mycroft had just pulled on a pair of trousers when he noticed it.
Magic silenced itself almost immediately. John sighed in relief, fresh tears spilling down his face. Every time he closed his eyes, John was met with the image of the prince’s face as he stood on the windowsill, staring down sadly at the snow-covered trees.
There came the sound of their front door opening, and Sherlock’s heart jumped as he heard John’s voice.
November!! I'm participating in NaNo again this year, which means I'll be working on an original novel all next month (and editing and all that in the following 3-4 months). So that's why I won't be posting as much here. If you wanna keep up with my original writing you can follow my very, very recently created writing account (as I one day hope to have, like, a fanbase and all that, though it's a lofty dream). On instagram, it's @echicks.author, and on here, it's just @echicks. I'll post my original work sometime in... March-April? Anyway, I'm super excited about that, too! I might say more of what it's about in a future post if anyone's interested, but it's also totally fine if you're not? I dunno. Don't feel like you have to follow me or anything, is what I'm trying to say.
John finally caught up to the prince and grabbed his arm. Sherlock spun around at the contact and bared his teeth like a threatened animal.
He would ignore the handsome (and handsome didn’t even begin to describe him) man  until he went away, and everything would be fine.
The tall guard scowled. John raised his chin and crossed his arms, waiting for him to allow them entry. The knight's whole body tensed when Sherlock leaned forward and whispered something in Van Coon's ear.
“Here we are,” the girl said, handing Sherlock her pile of blankets. She placed the wicker basket on the tiny dining table and turned to Sherlock once more. “Those blankets should keep you warm enough. And I’ve managed to find you some food, too. Sorry it took me so long. Not many people cooking at this hour.”
Greg grinned, and a blush formed high on his cheeks. “I couldn’t very well let you go traipsing around without any clothes, could I?”
“This conversation’s going to take hours at this rate,” Sherlock replied jovially. “At least you can’t talk over me anymore, right, Mycroft?”
Irene cackled and turned to Sherlock, a wide grin on her face. “You will not believe what happened at Tesco.”
Please leave a comment if you loved it, hated it, or have any suggestions about what to do with unmentioned characters or plot points from the series.
“We’re in New Scotland,” Sherlock noted. John raised an eyebrow. “What? You didn’t memorize the map?”
Soo Lin and Sarah met Sherlock for breakfast in the morning, which left the prince little time to dwell on John
Sherlock used to accuse Mycroft of having no imagination, but Mycroft had always thought he fared well enough.
“I've been to London while you were away,” the other man interrupted. “I've seen the tower, and I've seen the East Wind.”
Please leave a comment if you liked it, hated it, or have any suggestions. I love to hear what people think about my writing. :)
“Prince Mycroft Holmes, formally,” he returned, offering his hand. “Mr. Lestrade, I find that people are not often kind to Sherlock, not genuinely. Call me Mycroft. I’ll hear nothing else.”
John nodded once and, without another word, went to dispose of Victor Trevor. There was a scuffle and some shouting and the slamming of a door, and Sherlock deduced (quite easily) that Victor was gone. A few moments passed before Irene stormed down the hallway, followed closely by John. They stopped in front of the bathroom door.
“Do they know?” he asked, dried tears decorating his pale face. “About Prince Sherrinford. How much do they know?”
“Are you even listening to me?” Irene snapped, pointing a jar of honey at Sherlock. The man raised his eyebrows and gazed at her innocently.
Irene stood in the corner of the room, her back ramrod straight. John and Sherlock were still on the floor, though neither of them seemed to notice or care. She couldn’t blame them. She would wait until they composed themselves, and they would decide her fate.
John’s eyes widened, and he bolted out of bed, climbing over Sherlock in the process. The prince frowned. No good morning kiss?
it, Harry. You ask favors,” John replied easily. He gathered what supplies he thought he would need for the journey - mostly medical - and brushed past Harry on the way out of the pantry. “That’s not the answer to the question I asked you.”
John was welcome to the strategy room, but he quickly realized his opinions didn’t carry the same weight as Shan’s or Sherlock’s. He supposed it was for good reason, but he was willing to bet his battlefield experience matched Sherlock’s and Shan’s combined.
“Well, if we must,” Sherlock replied. He lowered his voice and added, “I bet she’d be a terrible flatmate, though.”
John smiled tightly as they passed into the castle's private courtyard, made of primarily cobblestone but decorated with dozens of snow-covered trees. Sherlock said nothing as they approached the second set of guards, so John did the talking.
“Sherlock, don’t,” John breathed. He hoped he’d injected enough concern into those words to make his point clear. His stomach plummeted when he heard Sherlock’s response.
Sherlock thought of John; the knight was too proud to let another person draw his bath but too kind to consider telling off a servant doing their job. He would try to compromise - just like he had when he and Sherlock shared a bed in Brixton. Absently, Sherlock wondered if John would compromise and bathe
Moriarty stood in front of him, a manic smile on his face and a familiar, unsettling glint in his eye.
“Safety,” Siger offered with a shrug. “You find the armory, and then find Wiggins. Stay safe. I love you.”
There was an arrow through the black woman’s neck, blood pouring out of the wound and out of her mouth, staining both her teeth and the snow around her. Her eyes were completely white, and into the dark skin over her heart was carved a single letter.
They stood there for a few minutes, staring at each other intently. There was something familiar about the man, in his kind smile and tired eyes and tanned skin, but Mycroft’s mind was elsewhere.
There was no one there to see the tears slowly dripping down Sherlock’s face, a fact for which he was infinitely grateful.
Sherlock knelt next to him. The prince’s eyes were locked on Moriarty, but his hands were gentle as they patted John over, searching for wounds where there were none. Magic, it seemed, had left a parting gift.
“I found you, Sherlock,” he repeated, Sherrinford’s sweet little voice ringing in Sherlock’s ears. “I found you. I found you-”
The knight said this all while licking his fingers clean, and Sherlock had wanted to die. John was interesting and interest
The woman narrowed her pale eyes and frowned, crossing her arms and sending Sherlock a dirty look. He pleaded with her silently to trust him and drop the subject. Blessedly, she seemed to realize that it actually
Tucking his shirttails into his jeans, Sherlock emerged from his bedroom and sauntered into the kitchen. Irene paused, cast him a disdainful glance, and went back to hanging red and pink streamers. John, having shoved aside the fingers in the freezer, offered Sherlock a bag full of ice.
The prince stared at the mirror, his jaw dropped and his fingers twitching, itching for something new to hold. Minutes passed, and the girl in the mirror did not return. Sherlock, bored out of his mind, sat on the windowsill and watched the snow fall, his legs dangling over the edge. He wouldn’t jump this time, of course. No, he wouldn’t jump from anywhere if Mycroft was still around to catch him.
The face - for it was only that - belonged to a girl no more than seventeen. She had wide brown eyes that followed Sherlock’s every move. Her expression gave away no emotion, not any thoughts nor pressure points. Her skin looked to be as grey as the stone tower itself.
for transport,” John replied. “You don’t run horses into the ground because you think the wagon is more important. How else would the wagon get where it needs to be?”
Sherlock was quiet for a moment, his brows knit closely together. "At least let John change your bandages before you go."
“I don’t consider attempted murder a game,” the prince replied, “though I find it interesting that you do.”
It was just like any other day, but that wasn't right. It should be different. Sherlock had almost died last night. He had also kissed John. And John had kissed him back. They had kissed quite a bit, actually. That had been nice.
Sherlock confirmed. “We’ll have to think of some way to entertain ourselves. I’m a genius, and you’re reasonably clever, so it shouldn’t be that hard.”
“Morning, Mycroft,” he greeted, wrapping the warmest blanket around his thin shoulders. “Slow down, would you?”
“Yes,” Sherlock answered simply, his crystal eyes wide. “It’s just that that’s not what people normally think.”
Follow my instagram account @echicks.author if you'd like to see my nano progress this year!! I'm going to be posting an original story on ao3 sometime in......... March/April? And I would love to see some familiar kudos or comments?? Dunno??? Thanks for listening to my annoying self-promo I'm just trying my best
She took the knife and sliced her skin until she couldn’t see straight, tears and blood blurring her vision. She had to get it off of her. She had to get it
"You know the tub's not big enough for both of us," John argued. "You start washing. I'll heat more water over the fire."
Victor had probably stopped by the flat because he assumed Sherlock would be alone, although how he knew where to find the flat was beyond Sherlock (especially in his current state). Last Valentine’s Day there had been drugs (so,
Mycroft growled and narrowed his giant eyes. Sherlock narrowed his own, glaring heatedly at his brother.
the blond man he was so enamored with, make his excuses, and lock himself in his room again. Maybe he’d stay out long enough to grab some sweets.
Sherlock scowled. “Of course I’m not on drugs! It was just a few times anyway. I hardly made a habit of-”
An update on the scholarship I mentioned months ago, if anyone cares to know: I did not place, but I was a finalist.
Moriarty’s Magic was cold, like ice water dumped over his head. It crept up on Sherlock like a surprise, and its cold fingers wrapped around his legs, forcing him closer and closer to the edge of the window. Moriarty’s laughter rang in his ears, and Sherlock took a deep breath as his feet met open air.
John hadn’t given it a second thought before bursting into the tower, throwing the doors open wide. Why Moriarty had chosen the tallest, most secluded tower escaped the knight’s reckoning. Even despicable human beings like James Moriarty wouldn’t jog up thirty or so flights of stairs just to sit on a throne.
“If I were able to think of Moriarty with anything but contempt, I might even feel pity for him. I trust that John will keep my brother safe from harm.”
The prince gazed up at John with an unreadable look on his face before turning his scrutinizing eyes towards the King himself.
“I am eager to return. There is much to be done,” Mycroft replied as he followed Greg out of the house. “Rebuilding London will take decades.”
Sherlock shot his flatmate a heated glare. He stood for the first time since around four that morning, when he’d returned from the all-night Tesco four blocks away, a plastic bag in each hand, and threw himself haphazardly on the sofa. The man blinked owlishly for a moment before righting himself, straightening his dressing gown with an air of royalty.
Rosalie growled. She unrolled her sleeves, showing off matching sets of scars stretching over her forearms. “The beasts come at night, and anyone who’s outside is torn apart and sewn back together before morning light. All night, their screams… I haven’t been caught outside in forty-eight years. We learned how to fight them, but they always changed once we got too good at it. It was a game to him. My people -
“Ford!” the prince yelled, over and over and over until his voice was hoarse and his throat was sore.
"Right. Well." Slowly, Sherlock's face and neck reddened, his blush turning darker and darker the longer John looked at him. Eventually, the prince held out his arm, water dripping onto the wooden floorboards. He was trembling. "The soap, John?"
“John,” he said absently, “I bit Rosalie on the way inside, might have broken the skin just a bit. Thought you’d like to know.”
being alone,” Irene replied heatedly. “I bloody live with you, for God’s sake! If you wanted to be alone, Sherlock Holmes, you’d have moved out a long time ago. Now, you’re going to attend this party, and you’re going to enjoy yourself. Are we clear?”
Magic cannot predict the future. It can only put its faith in its humans, and it knows it has chosen well.
“When you’re old, you’ll understand,” Soo Lin added. “Death is very natural, and it may hurt, but it happens. That’s no excuse for isolation.” She reached into a pocket sewn into the left side of her dress and scowled. “Oh! Sarah, love, I left my handkerchief in our room. It has to be where you usually put them at night. Kitty won’t know where it is.”
“Sherlock, pet, it’s so good to see you,” the man continued, his dark eyes trained on John. “It’s been too long.”
fancy her, I’d tell you to wait until it got a bit warmer, try giving her some flowers and a very good apology. Flowers usually work on girls. They work on boys, too, if I’m being honest. Anyway! You said you don’t fancy her, so you definitely won’t need that advice. I am gonna tell you to stop picking on her or any other people, though, and then my friend and I will be on our way. Does that sound good to you?”
Sherlock jumped up from the bed and checked underneath. He felt immeasurably foolish as he realized that nothing was there.
“Oh, uh, Mike,” said John, “I can’t make supper, but-” The knight paused at the crestfallen look on the other man’s face. “Why don’t I join you in the shops, then?”
The wounds, cauterized by the white hot blade, were a deep and angry red. The wind howled around Irene, stinging her eyes and drying the tears dripping down her face. She wrapped stolen blankets and cloaks around herself, desperately trying to fight off the cold of the tail end of winter.
As the pair approached the castle, Sherlock found himself gravitating towards John. Even at the balls and feasts thrown by his parents, Sherlock had never seen so many people. They weren't just talking; they were shouting and haggling and arguing, all rushing by without a care for anyone but themselves.
Whispers and murmurs filled my ears as I raised my head to be faced with many men, women clutching their children. All huddled on the far side of of the train car, blinking away the sedatives I gritted my teeth as I try to stand up. Immediately heavy chains clamped around my neck, wrists and ankles increased the struggle to stand. After some effort and many tries in an attempt to stand, finally I stood at my full height hitting my head against the roof of the car. “Oh no, I can’t be…” I think to myself looking down at my hands to see two huge paws. All the men shaking with fear pulled their wives and children behind them as I glanced over to where they stood. Unfortunately once in wolf form I can’t speak english, and so I could only speak with my own kind once in wolf form. Whimpering I lay back down in the middle of the car feeling the wolfsbane running through my blood. Only a few minutes went by and the only thing I could do was to curl up into a ball waiting, and thinking of my friends hoping that they are ok. The humans around me soon relaxed enough to keep a distance around my huge form but pray and talk in normal way of life.
“Stay close, use each other's body heat, and keep moving if we get separated and or stop move we’ll freeze to death.” informed John running his hands against Greg’s back and his arms. Everyone began to jump in place, doing push ups, almost anything to try to stay warm. Just as the water had came down into the chamber, the ceiling again opened up. In response everyone flinched and moved to the sides of the room expecting another load of freezing water to fall from the heavens. A minute went by and nothing fell from the open ceiling, but a small sound of hissing gas filled our ears. “Gas!” hissed Mycroft placing his jacket suit up to his face running over to the black door sealing us inside. With a huge amount of the gas inhaled my mind began to cloud up slowly slipping from my current conscious state. Gasping I fall to my knees feeling my grip on Greg loosen as his grip grew tighter around me. Coughing and gasping for air I struggle to stay awake as Greg and John fall to their knees beside me. Sherlock Molly and Mycroft desperately try to find a way out but soon fall as well and we all fall into a deep dark sleep.
The pain was too much even with the healing everything hurt. Breathing, standing, the noise everything was like torture to Greg and I. Not knowing the chaos and justice around us we both fell to our knees changing back into human form. Roars and snarls sounded as our bodies hit the ground, Sherlock, and Mycroft broke loose as the American soldiers release the chains. Scaling the walls the two followed by John and Molly ran to our sides protecting our unconscious forms. Soon the chaos grew quiet and all that was left was the wall of wolves standing around the two humans. No one could move the wolves, food, water nothing could move them and all the soldiers could worry about was the two detective inspectors inside the wolf circle. “Please we need to examine them...we won’t hurt them...they could die…” pleaded two army doctors to Sherlock and Mycroft. Sherlock glanced at John who softly nodded his head standing up making the doctors flinch in surprise.
“These wolves aren’t wolves” I think to myself as I watch the fight before me and the standing up female across the arena. Turning around the female let out a blood curdling howl/ roar. Anger filled my veins as I tensed up my muscles and clench my fists together ready for the female to attack. Eyes glowing bright both of us jump up into the air clashing together tearing each other apart. The crowd around us cheered and screamed in joy and defeat as the battle continues. Sherlock, Mycroft, John, and Molly watch in horror when both Greg and I would be slammed into the walls and or ground just to get back up and keep going.  The fight seemed to last forever until both the German wolves finally fall to the ground bloody and broken. Greg and I stood bodies shaking senses still sky high caked in blood. HItler stood in amazement staring from Greg and I to the screaming crowd back to us. Shrugging he just smirked stepping out into the bloody dirt arena to announce the winners and then the next fight. Just stepping out upon the soft reddish dirt another alarm sounded. Everyone cowered in fear as American and British soldiers rushed in shooting up the place.
From then on the rain poured as the six wolves were forced to once more change forms then to be linked together for work. Chained together the massive wolves worked like horses pulling barbed wire fences, steam engines, mostly anything Hitler wanted to see fit. The Jewish helped with most of the work somewhat lifting the strain from the wolves. Mud rose to the knees of the Jewish prisoners and to the elbows of the wolves. Rainwater stung their eyes as they pulled at the chains trying to move what the SS had assigned. Beatings were giving to wolf or man who fell from exhaustion or from the mud that clanged from their bodies. Five weeks went by with this kind of treatment when finally the wolves broke down fall into a deep sleep that not even beatings could wake them. The Jewish prisoners forced by the SS dragged the heavy wolves back to their barracks to care until they wake. Almost 10 weeks went by before Kaitlyn woke from her terrible sleep from the sound of her name.
Soon Greg begins to stir opening his eyes immediately sitting up with a start ready to fight. Sherlock jumps from his chair trying to calm down the startled alpha. “Careful Lestrade, you just woke up...everything is alright.” Greg stares at Sherlock calming down enough to sit back then he starts to look around to see the hospital room. “Greg?” I whisper placing my hand on the railing. Greg’s eyes instantly locked onto mine. “Kaitlyn….are you ok?” I nod reaching my hand out towards him holding his hand. “You both should be recover quickly since you woke….once you get released we will have to get back to training.” comments Sherlock. Nodding in agreement Greg and I slowly sat up as Sherlock went to go get the doctors.
A week later Greg and I were finally released from the hospital and brought back to Barker Street. Sitting down on the couch I let out a happy sigh. “It’s nice isn’t it?” asks John sitting in his favorite chair. Smiling I nod in agreement as Sherlock comes in the room with Mycroft, and Greg. “We should get to it.” smile Sherlock as his blueish grey eyes turned a midnight black. Mirroring his actions Mycroft, Greg, John, and I stood up changing our eye colors following the eager detective outside. The cold crisp air stung against my warm skin as we ran throughout the backstreets of London. Every breath burned my lungs dodging the massive wolves that would spring out from the dark shadows. Training was one of the hardest things to go through after a horrorism battle that Greg and I went through. Our breathing grew heavier with each punch, and dodge we would make. Soon the two of us fell to the ground chest rising and falling with lack of oxygen. “This is going to be harder than I thought.” I said staring up at the star lit sky. Greg wraps his hand around mine watching his warm breath make a cloud before him. “Yeah much harder.”
She sighs, then smiles as one of the kids in the background loudly laughs. But her face quickly falls.
Something snaps in me. Scott whatever the hell his name is Holmes is still looking over at me with a humor in his eye when I leap up and grab him by the shirt collar, dragging him across the grass.
A groan through the crowd cuts him off. The kid is caught in the barriers along the side, not fallen, but still trying to extricate himself from the mess of orange fencing and loose skis.
After the first week I decide it’s time to fully wash myself, and I leave Scott puttering round the main camp and grab a bucket of water and a little bar of lye soap. I don’t go far, just round the other side of the tent. I strip down and shiver against the icy air – let it rock through my body in a great crash and revel in the way it makes my bullet scars ache because it reminds me I still got the limbs. I squat and wash up between my legs, lettin’ the water wash away the old dried cum at the base of my prick from when I tried to pleasure myself the other night over dreams of Alma back in high school. It hadn’t worked quite right, and I’d come in my hand just watching the tanned callouses of my fingers rub and rough over myself, bunching up the silken skin hard enough to leave a burn. I feel the hairs stand up on the back of my neck, and I turn my head to the side just in time to see Scott moving back into the trees quick as lightning and quieter’n a cat. My prick feels heavy and hot in my hand and it takes the rest of the cold water just to make me right and decent to dress again.
Heat surges through Greg’s thighs, even as he chuckles. He surrounds one of the rings on John’s nipples with his tongue, moaning at the cool slide of silver across his lips. “
Little one, I nearly cried right then and there. Maybe you can’t even picture me crying, but I assure you it’s happened a handful of times. Always in the arms of John Watson. Only with him.
“Greg,” John says, drawing close enough to put a hand on his arm, startlingly warm. “I have loved you for half my life. I have never, not once, seen you think of yourself over me, over Sherlock, over anyone.”
Then Sherlock reaches out to grab his wrist to stop him. “What if,” he starts, “what if we didn’t have to do this alone?”
John turns to look at him, and he must see the look on Sherlock’s face because he immediately blanches like a sheet.
Sherlock’s practically in disguise still sitting beside him with his sunglasses on, the hood of his black ski jacket pulled up over his head, and a muffler covering half his face. Greg is, predictably, wearing hardly any winter clothing at all, and his hair shines like silver fire in the bright sun above.
His body is hurtling through a churning void, ripped and thrashed by the water’s gripping fingers while the seaweed drags his shins deeper and deeper into the black depths. He has the vivid sensation of an iron black hand tugging his ankle down away from the air and fights against it, struggles with all his might, until he realizes it’s the yank of his own ankle strap and board pulling him up to the surface, to life.
Greg starts running. He sprints down the middle of the course, not caring that he isn’t allowed to leave the sidelines. He needs to
“We were here two weeks ago, laying low in this very flat nearly twenty-four-seven, and I’m fairly certain I would remember you attempting to speak in Russian.”
He steps forward and leaps in one smooth movement onto Sherlock’s back, and Sherlock catches him at the same time he starts running again, narrowly avoiding the spot where he nearly slipped before.
,” he whispers. To his mild surprise, Sherlock silently obeys. Greg keeps his hand on his shoulder, his warmth bleeding through the lycra to Sherlock’s clammy skin. He’s trembling a bit, and his eyes don’t leave John’s back.
Listen to me. Your granddaddy and I smacked into each other before we even understood the way the world worked. Before we understood ourselves. There wasn’t . . . there wasn’t a path for us to follow. No roads and no reigns. No clear cut signs saying ‘take this direction with your life’ and ‘now turn left’.
She looks down at her hands over the cutting board. Her fingernails are painted bright, fresh red. “You know what, I was scared you wasn’t gonna come today,” she says instead.
When the airhorn finally echoes out to him across the water it feels like he’s been surfing for five minutes or five days. He has absolutely no idea what even just happened. Every muscle in his body aches, and his throat screams out for clear water, and his eyes burn and crackle under a thick sheen of salt. He has no idea at all as he paddles in on aching arms and body surfs on the whitewater of the waves how Hamilton and Trent just fared in the round. Doesn’t even know how many waves he caught, or if they really were as towering as they felt, or whether his two brief wipeouts left him looking embarrassing and clueless and small.
“Look here, Dr. Watson,” he starts to say. “It really isn’t such a good idea after a fall like you’ve just had. You need to stay here in the World to recover. You really should let yourself rest –”
I stumble out into the moonlit kitchen on watery legs and lean over the sink, tryin’ to catch my breath. There’s a little patter of feet behind me, then a warm, sticky hand reaching up for my waist. Alma Jr. always comes to stand with me in the kitchen on the black nights. She’ll stand and stand there for near two hours in silence until I finally feel as I can pick her up and hold her without my brain thinking she’s a mud covered enemy needin’ to get shot through the chest.
John realizes he wants to cry. He shoves his phone back in his pocket with fumbling hands and lets out all the stale breath in his lungs with a gasping moan, grunting out the last wisps of curdled fear from his gut. He leans over again with his hands on his knees, taking deep breaths as the roaring through his veins slowly fades. Nobody’s around to see the random Paralympic skier nearly sinking to his knees in the middle of the snow after barely three hours of mediocre practice. Nobody’s around to film it, or witness it, or announce it on telly.
than just proving to himself that he is still the same John Watson as the John with two legs. More than proving that his training in California was worth the time, loneliness, and money. More than the surging stands, or making Paralympic history just by skiing standing up, or having something impressive to show for himself beyond simply learning to walk again.
The whispered words vibrate in the air between them. They drown out the sound of the breeze rustling through the seashells hanging off Sherlock’s porch – the sound of the waves forever rushing over the sand onto the shore. Sherlock dips his head, then takes John’s hands from his chest and holds them in his own, running his thumbs along the length of John’s sturdy, calloused fingers.
Her dress looks beautiful juxtaposed with the blue of the sea. It brings out the warmth in her skin – the color of her eyes. We stand there arm in arm for a long time in the sand. Watching the waves roll forward and back. I wonder how much trouble she’ll be in when the other staff find out she’s taken me here. I grip her arm harder.
John gives a sharp laugh. “Oh, yeah, God forbid we do anything simple around here. And in case you haven’t noticed in the middle of all your quality time spent surrounded by gates and snow and no other human beings, there are actually
We sweep back to the helicopter hovering over the mountainside. From the interior ceiling camera, we see Watson is strapping himself into the harness and ropes while Holmes sits close nearby. Unseen by Greg and Patrick in the front, Holmes is closely double-checking every one of Watson’s carabiners and knots. He silently touches each one with his fingers, then runs his hands once along the waist straps of the harness. He gives one good tug. When he looks back up at Watson, they share a small, silent nod. It is the quietest interaction we have seen from them all day.
John runs a hand over the back of his neck. “Man, I wouldn’t know who the hell that was if you put a gun to my head,” he says, and he feels warmth tingle through his body when Scotty’s face breaks into a laugh.
He has no desire at all to cease existing, but the thought still crosses his mind how peaceful it would be to simply stretch out his arms, lean forward into the thick darkness, and fly. Let the air cushion his arms like wings as he plummets to the earth. He imagines he would feel like that kiwi bird in the video John made him watch a few weeks before he left for California; John had been curled up on the couch in the dark, stifling his sobs, and Sherlock had sprinted to him, dropping to his knees, starting to say, “
” Greg says, his breaths puffing on Sherlock’s cheeks. He draws him closer. “This is not nonsense, what I say.”
There’s no accusation there, but Sherlock still feels guilt punch through him. “I love you. More than anything. And yet, not more than anything.”
“I am his coach! I’m Watson’s coach!” Greg yells. He throws up his coaching badge in a brief flash, already shoving himself through the flimsy gate.
Watson: “Careful, Dom, or else you’ll end up on the short list of ‘people I love to bicker with’. Ask my old Army mates – that’s not a place you want to be”
The music swells one last time as we watch out the helicopter windows. Lighter than air, we cut gracefully through the sunset sky over the peaks.
“Do not think for one moment,” Greg forcefully whispers, his palms flat on the table, “that you will be relaxing with us if you do not go to this
Sherlock sighs softly beside him, chest deflating as his skin glows a gentle gold in the fading light. “It would mean something to us,” he says back quietly, eyes staring down at the water.
It’s just before six in the morning, and John’s been wide awake since four. They’d fallen asleep early. Sherlock was so exhausted his eyes had been drooping shut over dinner, head slinking back in the chair out on the porch overlooking the ocean while John rambled on about finding a new renter for his apartment, and quitting his job, and finally getting that call from Val’s, and deciding whether to ship his board out to Oahu or just say screw it and use some sponsorship money to buy a new one.
It’s their way, the way their pieces fit—have always fit—and it’s only as John’s glistening wet palm starts snaking its path between their warm bodies, where Greg has grown slick and hot beneath John’s hips, it’s only then that Greg realizes the odd tremor in John’s spine. The way he’s holding himself up all on one trembling elbow—the same arm John needs to use in a few short weeks to grip his poles, to aim, to shoot a gun across the snow.
He thinks to himself for the hundredth time that week that if someone had walked up to him a year and a half ago when he’d just finished a morning surf with Greg, or just ended his shift at the dockyard, and told him that today he was going to somehow bind himself forever to another man in front of a living, breathing witness, he probably would have passed out or vomited or punched whoever told him or all three. Fear coils thick and sudden in his chest, a little voice in his ear begging him to hide behind the door like a child when Chris comes and apologize to Sherlock later and say,
John can’t help himself. His chest feels awash with a wave of emotion – affection and protectiveness and unworthiness at this trust that’s been so effortlessly placed into his palms. Sherlock had held him as he wept, had wiped the tears from his cheeks with his thumb without pity, and had offered his bare skin to him in full view of the sea and stars.
The poor joke makes Greg laugh for a moment, which is more than worth it, the way the floodlights briefly wash away the dark circles under his eyes when he grins. But then an odd look passes over Greg’s face, casting it once more into flickering shadow, and the wind ruffles the glinting strands of his soft hair with something like a mournful drone.
And now, a full day of undercover traveling later, I’m sitting on the porch of a little seaside villa that the Holmes (or rather, Mycroft) inexplicably own somewhere in Spain (and I say somewhere because I literally have no idea where we are. We could be in America or New Zealand for all I know, but I can’t help but notice that at some point during our travels the primary language switched to Spanish.) The early hints of summer are here, and so the breeze coming off the ocean is warm against our faces, the sand like a blanket fresh out of the laundry. There are no neighbors, no house staff (the result of Sherlock winning a vicious staring match with his brother), absolutely no souls in sight except for the two of us. Well, the four of us.
Greg chuckles through his nose as he allows himself to be held, to melt into the smooth planes and soft hair of John’s slowly breathing chest. Allows himself the luxury of lying back in someone else’s arms, instead of doing the holding.
Sherlock takes another step closer and shakes his head. “I don’t understand,” he whispers back. His voice is nearly lost in the wind.
John looks back up at Scotty’s speechless face and notices for the first time the faint bruise on his cheek, just under his eye. The sight of it makes him sick to his stomach, prickling hot sweat forming up along his spine, followed by a cold shiver. He forces himself not to lick his lips, refuses to remember the wet, soft mouth against his. He’s ashamed by it now, standing in front of Scotty. Ashamed that this man dropped to his knees in the pounding spray and pushed air in his lungs only for John to interpret it as a kiss in a feverish half-daze.
She laughs with one great burst of sound. “Don’t know how you can even focus on the other skiers. They just got through number eight and I woulda sworn to my Ronnie that only one skier had gone.”
She shares my smile, but then her eyes grow cold. “I think it was hard for him,” she says quietly. “Being so. . apart from everyone. He took . . .” She stammers. “There was a . . .well, one night he –”
Greg watches John methodically lift bites of scrambled eggs to his mouth, one after the other.  Exactly every fifth bite, John alternates with a rounded spoonful of oatmeal. He takes a gulp of water, a small sip of tea, then breathes a deep sigh through his nose before he starts the careful process all over again.
As always, from the bottom of my heart, THANK YOU to all of you for reading, commenting, leaving kudos, showing amazing support, drawing fanart, adding this story to your fic recs, spreading the word, etc. I am SO blown away by the response this fic has gotten, and all of you are what's made this story so damn fun! Those of you who left comments on the last chapter and haven't gotten a reply yet, I promise that a response is coming very soon!
We’re laughing again, running down a moonlit shore and dipping our toes in the freezing shallows. Running like mad through the sand.
John groans as he feels himself fall apart into bliss, burying his face in the mess of Sherlock’s curls as his orgasm pulses hot and thick through his limbs. Sherlock’s hips stutter against his and a breathless cry leaves Sherlock’s throat, hot cum seeping into the front of his shorts following just behind John’s climax. John goes to collapse at Sherlock’s side, then gasps surprised when Sherlock’s hand is gripping his cheek and crashing his lips to his, panting a wet and lazy kiss against his mouth, letting John taste the sound of his name whispered from the tips of Sherlock’s lips. John kisses him deeply, feeling limp and heavy in his skin, Sherlock’s hands gently stroking up and down his sweat soaked back. He grazes his lips against Sherlock’s one last time before pulling back and gazing down at him.
Sherlock Holmes, truly, deeply? The man is stronger than anyone. He recovered, for Christ’s sake. And he’s here. And he’ll fight. And he won’t let something as stupid as a timeclock stand in his way of what he’s worked so hard to achieve.
“You know,” Greg says, painfully aware of the start time ticking closer, but suddenly unable to stop, “When he and I first met, that winter, I saw John look like this once before.”
He clears his throat so his voice will sound unaffected. “I understood it perfectly. Clearly it wasn’t an insurmountable problem if you’re talking to me right now. I thought you were my bloody coach?”
John glares at Scotty and goes completely still. “I shouldn’t even have the points to be here,” he says again.
“Couldn’t get away from them fast enough,” John whispers, eyes still closed. “Thought they’d never let me leave.”
We finish on a final view from the helipad of the Matterhorn in the distance. Before her, a gleaming helicopter awaits her turn to soar through the skies. All is calm and still.
Nothing is out of place. Ski boots are lined up by the door in polite pairs, something that looks like a prosthetic arm is resting on the small desk, and John’s leg is lying next to him on his bed like a second body, right within arm’s reach so he won’t have to ask his roommate to hand it to him in the morning.
She means for us both. I nod to her and she ducks back out, silently sliding the door shut behind her. I can feel those five minutes ticking away inside my chest like bombs. Thick and filled with dread. Too fast.
Watson, leaning back on one elbow on the slope: “Not as often as I’d like – with shifts and overtime and all that. But . . . you know, even though I’m outdoors all the time, up there in the mountains, it’s not really peaceful. Even if I’m just going up to ski, it still feels like I’m on the job. Here is where I can be outside and just . . . be.”
I grimace. His words feel sour on the back of my tongue. “You oughta be in some ivory tower on the coast with all your learnin’ – the way you can look at people and know everything about them. Make money runnin’ one of them big New York companies where you’s the smartest one in the room. Why the hell you wanna stay way out in the middle of nowhere for?”
He heard the engine before we even saw the reflection of the headlights, of course. He was just starting to roll his eyes and have a good pout when I jumped up and hugged him from behind. I interlaced my fingers underneath his belly and held it up to relieve some of the pressure, and then I pressed my cheek in between his shoulder blades and whispered that we were going to leave it all behind now and be free. Be safe. Be us. For a little while, at least. He trusted me.
Instead he sets his shoulders and speaks on, voice steady. “You can have your Last Will changed, you know,” he says. “You can Stay here with me. We could live here together.”
He takes me along with him every time I read the letter – like I’m right there by his side watchin’ his mind shoot off little fireworks of genius into the sizzling hot Texas air. I know now that’s why he missed our last trip. He tells me in the last line of the letter that the only thing he regrets about the whole ordeal is that he ain’t had me by his side after he walked away empty handed from the sheriff’s house in the middle of the night, and that line makes my heart hurt so badly I only read it the once.
What I didn’t anticipate, though, and which I definitely should have anticipated, is that Sherlock is an
We cut back to the mission helicopter, with Greg in the pilot’s seat. Watson is beside him as co-pilot, commenting on the terrain and where they could land while he bends over to look out the window. Greg flashes him a quick nod. They are all business as the helicopter tilts to make a sharp turn, avoiding the cable wires of the ski lift.
Sherlock is already twenty feet away from them in what feels like the span of two seconds, practically levitating across the pavement to get to that van, when suddenly he stops mid-stride, turns on his heel, and jogs back to them with an odd look on his face.
She keeps smiling as she adjusts the Device in her fingers before reaching up to place it on the side of my forehead, once again steadying my cheek with her hand. “Three hours, as usual,” she reminds me unnecessarily.
He watches the rushing spray and foam settle softly back into the earth after the crash of the wave, listening to the water fizzle down into the wet sand like tiny fireworks exploding across the sky. Then he holds the hair back from his eyes against the wind, tucks his nose down into the neck of the sweatshirt, and makes his way back to his Jeep, legs stiff and sore from a night of standing watch.
Greg still looks like he’s about to cry, and Sherlock’s mouth is half-open, on the verge of more words. It looks wrong—watching the two biggest names in Alpine skiing stand in the middle of the half-empty Paralympic grandstands looking sad and lost. John can’t look at it for another second.
” and the camera lights started to flash, and a small horde of athlete-watchers appeared out of nowhere, phones raised and glossy prints of the advertisement campaigns Greg’s done over the years raised in wildly outstretched hands—turning the airport terminal entrance into a waving field of Rossignol skis, and Brenne Whisky, and sharp razors gliding across Greg’s smooth, photoshopped jaw.
John grimaces. Suddenly the surface of his board feels invasive against the bare skin of his buttocks and thighs. He wants desperately to cover himself. To shield his skin from the open horizon and block the water from rushing across his naked hips and legs.
It broke me, to know that I had done that. He’s been in there for almost two hours now, and I can guess what he’s doing. He’s been staring at himself in the mirror, staring at his sideways reflection at the way his belly pushes full and round out in front of him, and the way his nipples have swelled and peaked. I know he’s standing there wondering why I’d ever think that was handsome, or why he’d ever kidded himself that he’s a true man, body and soul.
the relief. You cannot imagine the relief. It was a miracle. You all witnessed a miracle on your film.”
John forces his eyes open, then licks his lips and warms his palms with his breath before placing them down squarely on Sherlock’s shoulder blades, anchoring him down into the earth. “It’s so beautiful,” he whispers. To his relief Sherlock slowly relaxes beneath him as John begins to run his palms up and down the length of Sherlock’s back. He presses deep into his skin, gliding smoothly from the tops of his shoulders down to the divots above the backs of his hips. He hears Sherlock sigh, and watches him gently, just barely arch his spine, pressing his hips down into the earth and his back up against John’s hands.
Greg: “Honestly? I was thinking of Molly. Of my kids. My worst nightmare that one of them would ever be in that position, you know? And . . . I do not know Holmes’ family. I have never even heard him mention who they are, and I think he lives alone, but I was thinking of them. Which one of us would have to call. How we would tell them.”
Sherlock takes his sweet time in the little shower attached to Greg’s room, standing with the blasting spray against his chest until it starts to turn from scalding liquid flames to just regular hot.
Sherlock sees it. He slowly relaxes his jaw, then gives a smile to Rick and Sonya that anyone but Greg would deem undeniably pleasant and warmly approachable.
He yanks off the hood of his suit and runs his hands through his sweat-matted hair, setting it free. Man after man approaches him to offer him a handshake, a slap on the back, a nod of congratulations before they make their way to the skiers who came second and first.
It’s a mistake. After what feels like only five minutes he hears footsteps coming his way in the sand and reluctantly turns his head to see John approaching him. He moves cautiously, as if Sherlock will up and run away if he seems too eager. Sherlock nearly groans out loud at his stupidity. He should have just booked it out of there when he had the chance, not waited around like a sitting duck so that John could tell him to his face what he already knows in every cell of his body – that he’s appreciated the help, and it’s all been good fun, but he really has to get back to his real life now. He turns back to the sea and closes his eyes, ears already imagining the way John’s lips will form the words.
John shakes his head, suddenly clearly understanding of why so many athletes’ post-win interviews sound like utter, nonsensical gibberish.
The poor man continues to flounder, but the rambling, stuttering monologue slowly breaks the tension in the room. Sherlock leans back on the sofa, draping one long arm across Greg’s shoulders. He leans over and whispers something in French into Greg’s ear—John thinks he catches something about gay bars and ‘if only we’d met him there’ and ‘I’d watch you show him a good time’ and ‘could use some loosening up’—to which Greg shushes him with a curse even as he tries not to laugh.
Greg’s eyes fill with tears. John takes an awkward step back, stunned. He stares at the wash of complicated emotion across Greg’s face. At the way Greg isn’t wearing enough layers, and his hair looks like he’s run his hands through it a hundred times, and his eyes look sunken. At the way he’s trying to smile.
“I missed you,” Scotty whispers. John nearly groans. He wants to draw the man before him into his body. No – he wants to be drawn into his. Kept and protected and held. He leans forward, lips parted, and sighs when Scotty suddenly reaches out and grasps him in his arms, pulling him close against his body and cupping the back of his neck with his huge, warm hand.
John’s due to be out on the course in five minutes to receive his official time-trials placement and begin warming up while he waits his turn. Then he will ski three laps of the course and shoot five targets in three shooting rounds. Then his skis will cross the finish line, and he will receive an official time all in good, predictable order.
A deep voice, off-screen: “I’m the person everyone calls in when they’re in need of extra help locating a lost patient. Which, in the case of even the smallest avalanche, is nearly always.”
“No, I – I don’t,” he says. John crosses his arms and puffs out his chest as Scotty’s eyes roam over him once more. John stares back, daring him with just a look to say something more. Practically begging for a fight.
“I suppose Molly told you everything, then,” he says. He looks like he’s waiting for a punch or a scolding or a slap in the face or all three. He looks like he’s waiting to be alone.
He hums again, moving his hand gently to his pockets and loosening the tight grip of his shoulders. I ask the question before I fully decide to.
(Your momma is the most remarkable woman I ever did meet, by the way. Those times these days you argue with her over the phone—as is your right to do, I reckon, as a person of seventeen. Keep that in mind. She is a remarkable, remarkable woman. Maybe you could ask your granddaddy one day about how your momma come to know about all this.)
Next time:  John takes a few minutes to compose himself in an empty locker room before his medal ceremony. He hears the door handle turn slowly behind him.
He stood awkwardly in the sand. Fiddled with the bullet casing in his pocket. There was a group of surfers out there, laughing and playing in the ocean spray, faces turned up towards the sky. John tried to remember how it felt to surf that little swell along China Beach and couldn’t. Just couldn’t. Instead he thought of wanting to tell Keith Hartman that he should have just left him there, should have left him to rest in the shallows with his last conscious thought about whipped cream on a pier.
I spot his silhouette immediately when I duck out the back door into the chill. I wrap my jacket tighter ‘round myself and set off towards the fence, where he’s leanin’ watching the horses graze for breakfast as the early mist starts to clear.
No, he’s softened; he’s settled down and filled out. And Sherlock knows without having to be told that Greg hates it. Has caught Greg looking at himself in the mirror after a shower with an odd burning in his gaze, a twist in his mouth, right before he usually casts a glance to John or Sherlock, whoever is nearby, and his eyes silently trace their stomachs, their chests, their upper arms, the backs of their legs when he thinks they can’t see.
“The people at the bar you spoke to. They told you not to come after me. That I was insane,” he interrupts.
Sherlock’s arms are still wrapped around his waist, and John lets his head rest back onto his shoulder as they look out over the heavy sunset still slowly streaking its way across the sky, bodies relaxed and easy. It feels impossible that he’s only known this man behind him for two weeks, and that he spent probably half of that time feeling absolutely infuriated with him. John muses as he lies back against Sherlock’s chest that he could probably spend the rest of his life naming emotions and still never name each one he’s experienced since the moment he first locked eyes with Sherlock Holmes on a pier.
But then again, maybe Greg does know it was one of the bravest things in the history of the earth. Maybe he knows more than even Sherlock ever could.
The camera waits inside the helicopter as the paramedics sprint through the deep snow towards the distant speck of a person lying face down in the middle of the ice, all alone on the slope. Soon, they are briefly swallowed up by an incoming rush of fog.
John squints open his eye and looks up at Sherlock’s halo of curls around his face. “And you mean to tell me you aren’t?” John whispers with a smirk. “Enamored?”
, in the last year alone he’s surfed on every major coastline for big wave surfing. Word is he’s using the Billabong here to pave his way for the World’s in Australia in two months. It’s a huge advantage of he wins this – they’ll let him skip straight to Day 2. So he’s gonna go hard and fast, isn’t afraid to be a dick and drop in on a wave if he thinks it’s a good one, so you can’t hesitate at all with him. Don’t pause up at the crest after paddling, just drop in early so you can get on the face, even if you miss part of the barrel. Yes?”
“And you’re telling me they let you come here for years alone to test that? Your personal safety be damned?”
He gets an odd smile on his face, then shakes his head. We can tell he is trying to find the right words.
And in the center of it all is Sherlock, his poles held limply in his hands, looking blankly out at the crowd, then back up the mountain. He looks dazed, frozen in time, as if he’s been put in slow-motion as the world whips around him. He looks like he just woke up from a dream and can’t believe that he’s standing in the snow, skis on his feet, his name in gold.
Then he remembers the odd look that had passed over Greg’s face back in London, back when they were all crowded at the top of the stairs. Suddenly his promise to John doesn’t feel like it would be as easy to say.
The wind feels like a kiss weaving through my thick hair. Sharp and thrilling against my scalp. The stranger nods. “I did.”
And so your granddaddy saw his name there on that piece of paper. And he understood what it was telling him to do. And he went.
My gut churns. I’m torn between feeling ashamed that I want to go along with her and feeling ashamed that I don’t.
John comes in his hand with a breathless cry, spilling onto the sheets and dripping over his fingers still frantically flying up and down the aching steel of his erection. Distantly he hears Sherlock’s voice, and feels his hands running up and down the cheeks of his ass.
Mid-sentence, he trails off. Holmes has gone still beside him. They share a brief, odd look, and the room fills with a subtle tension, before Holmes suddenly laughs. He shakes his head and looks out the window.
I tell myself that next time I’ll come near this same place again. Wait around for the mysterious stranger in his coat to dash past me, hot on the heels of a new criminal in black.
Greg sees it and steps closer to John, his eyes flicking warily to the rest of the men still staring at them open-mouthed, waiting by the shuttle.
I breathe in the scent at the warm crook of his neck. “Me too,” I whisper, and it’s the truest words I’ve ever uttered on this earth.
John freezes, stunned, then blinks hard, tearing himself away from Sherlock’s gaze. He doesn’t want to allow himself to hear what Sherlock’s saying. It sounds like a goddamn dream. His own shop. His own place. Sherlock at his side and at his back and at his front. Locking up the door of the shop and coming home every night to their own bed with the smell of wood and salt and seaweed on their skin. Tasting like the sun.
I frown, voice desperate. “What do you mean if anything happens? I thought you couldn’t actually get hurt here?”
John moans as Sherlock bites the lobe of his ear. He can feel Sherlock’s penis rock hard pressed into the low of his back, slowly thrusting against him for friction, adding to the splashing waves in the water. John nods, lost, and Sherlock groans on a breath behind him.
Ah, here he comes storming up the stairs. I can already smell the formaldehyde that seeped into his coat. Tonight calls for a long hot shower, spreading trails of soap bubbles over each other’s shoulder blades, and the sweet cocoon of
I’m about to respond when she keeps speaking, voice drifting softly out over the sea, like she doesn’t even remember I’m there. “Nurse Hooper told me he’s never had a visitor either,” she says.
He pulls back and grabs Sherlock’s cheek, bringing him down for a kiss. “Now stop doubting me. I’m a fucking decade older than you, I know what I’m choosing here.”
Sherlock kisses him before he even fully registers what Greg just said. Then, as the full meaning of the words descend on him—there is euphoria. Some combination of life, absolution, and pride, and a yearning which sends the blood roaring through Sherlock’s body. Christ, he wants to kiss him. He wants to touch and be touched. He wants their love to be set in stone, to be made a physical, touchable force. He wants to—
John breathes out a deep sigh and collapses back against Sherlock, one hand still reaching back to grip a handful of his curls. “Shit,” he whispers.
Sherlock can feel John’s warmth all along the front of his body, pulling him close even though they still stand two feet apart. John drops his hand and starts to walk back towards the road, beckoning Sherlock to follow him with a warm smile still on his lips.
He stops, just once, before he reaches the gate leading away to the road, and looks back over his shoulder.
Watson, distantly, as if nobody else is even in the room: “You know, I’ve never been able to see it like that. Not once. Everyone tells me I saved his life. I did CPR for thirty-seven minutes in the snow until help arrived, literally without stopping. It felt like thirty-seven hours. And . . . technically, yes, I saved his life. On paper. That, and, well, it’s honestly a miracle he recovered totally fine.”
I gasp out loud at the sight of him standing there, strong and upright and alive against the vast bright midday horizon. I never knew the sight of someone simply standing upright could look so incredibly beautiful. My breath is stolen.
” Until Sherlock had had no choice but to expect that John would be furious. That John would be horrified. That John would leave.
“You know what that fairy said to me last year? Fucking told me I was going to lose before we even got in the fucking water because of some shit about my left ankle –”
Greg takes pity on her while Sherlock continues to wage war on his offending hangnail. “English is fine,” he tells her, in what he hopes is a calm voice. He realizes it’s the first thing he’s said in nearly twenty minutes of total silence.
Sherlock steps closer to Greg and crowds him with his heat, watching the way Greg’s jaw tightens when he swallows. “You do this every time,” Sherlock says, not really a question, and just barely audible over the humming wind. “Come to the course the night before Opening.”
“Let me just . . .” John’s saying as his wet lips trace the words up Greg’s bare shoulder. “God, babe, come here, let me just . . .”
Sherlock looks caught out for a moment, eyes wide and young, and then he snorts and shoots John a look that says he’s an idiot. “Of course not. Obviously you’re here. Your clothes from yesterday are right there on the floor, my mattress has a dip towards the side you were sleeping on, and the air smells like you. Plus I have a rash from your fucking stubble on the inside of my thigh.”
Sherlock bit into the apple again, expecting his older brother to begin tapping. Instead, Mycroft bowed his head. Sherlock’s stomach dropped to his feet, and the apple fell out of his hand and down, down, down until it hit the snow-covered ground.
The beast surged out of the trees and towards the tower, making Sherlock scramble backwards until his back hit the stone wall farthest from the window. He barely had the sense of mind to deduce that it was, in fact, a
John startled as the heavy doors to the counsel room slammed shut, leaving the pair of them in silence. Sherlock said nothing as John admired the room in all its grandeur. The walls were high and the ceiling domed, accented with gold and rubies. A crystal chandelier hung from the center of the ceiling, the jewels sparkling with the light streaming in from the tall windows the side wall. Golden silk drapes hung elegantly from each window, each embroidered with swirling silver and bronze designs. The room was void of furniture save for the ornate thrones at the very end, six in total.
John longed for his bow, for the surety of his arrow lodging itself in Moriarty’s heart, but he hesitated before drawing. Magic was gone. He had no way to guarantee he wouldn’t kill Sherlock instead.
If the stiffening of his muscles and the twinging of his leg were anything to go by, John could safely assume he wouldn’t be getting any sleep that night, haunted by the images of glassy eyes and blank expressions cemented in this brain.
Slowly John began to lose his wolfish features crouching to the ground. Everyone stared in amazement as he stood up with a stone cold look in his eyes. “Dr. John Watson Captain in the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers.” stated John with an outstretched hand. Taking his hand in a strong firm handshake the doctors replied with small shocked smiles. “Does this mean we can help examine….” tailed off the doctor motioning to Greg and Kaitlyn.  John glances at the two then back at the stressed doctors. “Yes you can by be careful in what you do.” stated John walking inside the circle to be followed by the doctors. Molly, Mycroft and Sherlock closed a three way circle around the three men keeping a close eye on the others around.
Waking up from my peaceful sleep happened suddenly as the multiple body heat rapidly moved, and a sharp sensation pierced my neck filling me with yet more wolfsbane. The white in my eyes grew brighter as my breathing turned to snarling. I began to pull at the chains around my neck, wrists, and ankles when I kept receiving blow after blow. All my senses were overwhelmed and the sound of yelling from the people around me and the intruders deafen me. Other train car doors opens revealing snarling similar to mine and the people yelling and fighting also. Hands gripped themselves to my body trying to free me of my chains, as I thrash my head baring my teeth at the people holding bats and stun sticks. After some fighting the loud sound of gunfire and bodies hitting the ground filled my ears. The stench of blood filled my nose as I was pulled to the middle of the courtyard like space. Regaining my vision a bit I caught a glimpse of the young women and her baby standing in group of what survived the mass gunfire. A low growl rumbling from my throat as I was knocked onto all fours to the mud. Again I try to gain some of my surrounding when the sight of a silver colored wolf, a light brown color wolf, and a darker brown colored wolf stood beside me in the same appearance as I. Once more gunfire rang throughout the darkness, before many bright spotlights were shown on us. Two roars blared from the trains as a dark brown red wolf and black colored wolf were pulled out of the cars. Slowly the men dragged the roaring wolves into line chaining us to the dirt.
Almost like a cat Sherlock jumped up in what is left of his ripped suit and bare feet slamming his fists on the metal door. “YOU COWARDS!!!” he screamed. Again striking the door making small dents in the cover leaving his knuckles cracked and bleeding. “Sherlock, stop abusing the door you are not going to making a difference.” stated Mycroft standing in one of his tattered fancy suits also bare footed. Sherlock stops shaking the blood from his hands as he turns to his older brother. Molly and I race to Greg’s side helping him up to his feet as we look over his wounds. “So now what?” grunted Greg leaning almost all of his weight on Molly and I. “I have inspected the room and all I have found that they’re pipes embedded in the wall, and the smell is a bit much.” Sherlock and Mycroft immediately raced to the wall placing both hands on the freezing concrete. After some time feeling the wall running their fingers and palms up and down the rough, blank surface. Sherlock placed his ear up against it quickly jumping back as if the wall had bit him. Looking up onto the ceiling and around at the corners of the box like room. His eyes stopped on the right most corner focusing on a little red light. “Aha, got you!” shouted Sherlock running up to the corner jumping up grabbing the small camera.
All the fur stood up on Greg’s back as all of his senses went sky high; his eye glowing a brighter white than mine as he whimpers in fear and pain. Gritting my teeth I watched powerless as the SS and striped pajama men came up wielding pipes, riding, corps, sticks, really anything up against Greg and I. Desperately I try to reach him to comfort the frightened wolf, but I was tugged away when the first strike was giving by Hitler himself. A single blow on top if top of the head, then followed quickly with blows to the back, head and sides. My heart broke with every swing and crack of bone and metal hitting together, my anger grew also as my heart broke. After about two minutes I couldn’t take anymore of the abuse and screamed out in my human voice “STOP!” The swings stopped mid swing as the wolf faded from my appearance. Soon back in human form I scramble to Greg’s side picking up his head cradling it in my lap. Stroking his pointed ears, feeling every pained breath, as I kissed his snout. “I’m so sorry Greg, I haven’t meant for this to happen.” In that instant Greg also begins to lose his wolfish features. Every bruise and cut more clearly displayed on his toned body under his ripped work clothes. “I love you Kaitlyn.” he whispered groggily as he pulled my head down connected our lips.
What surprised everyone was the little effort it took for them to be freed from the tight grips holding the wolves. Only a swipe of an arm slung the men away from them into the wall cracking the concrete with such force the chamber shook around them. Scared the Jewish prisoners stood in shock meeting the vacant stares of the heavy breathing men and women standing before them. With no time at all Hitler’s men retaliated with chains and stun sticks, taking the risks and closed in on the wolves. A fight broke out against the six and their tiresome opponents, but the remarkable events of the fight was that the wolves hardly moved. Only their upper torso and some small steps expressed from the hypnotized creatures in which stood before them. An what seemed like an hour has passed when without warning an electric shock channeled through the wolves bodies delaying them long enough for them to get restrained. Once forced to their knees Hitler was the only one seen with a stun stick curled in between his fingers.
“What happened? My head feels like it’s going to explode?” complained Mycroft leaning back against a wooden pillar holding up the mud hut. “We have been placed in a controlled coma as it seems...whatever that gas was knocked us out for a week or so I guessing.” explain Sherlock running throughout the hut pushing pass people taking in his environment as he tangles his fingers in his black curls thinking. “Sherlock calm down you are going to hurt yourself plus we need to save our energy who knows what is going to happen.” warns John placing his hands on Sherlock’s shoulder gently pushing him to the ground. “You guys don’t remember the past week?” Asked Ruth with an awful look of sorrow etched on her face. All 5 of us shook our heads in denial as Ruth and the other malnutrition jewfolk sat down to explain.
Everything hurt, my muscles screamed at the stress built up from the wolfsbane ripped at my muscles as we were forced to stand in place like show dogs. The noises was unbearable all sorts of sounds mixed from yelling, crying, rain, thunder, trains, and other dogs barking. Glancing at my friends seeing the same distressed panic looks spread across their faces. I lowered my head letting the cold rain run through my fur I let out a small bark like yelp saying this to my friends who all relaxed at the sound of my voice. “Stop fighting, we can’t use up all of our strength, we will need it...everything will be alright.” Instantly Sherlock, Mycroft, Molly, John, and Greg stop struggling looking up into the crowd blinding responding. “Kaitlyn is that you?” asked Molly. “Guys are you here? Where are we?  I can’t see anything, Sherlock what is going on?” asked John shaking his head of water in an attempt to shake off the wolfsbane. “Kaitlyn! I know where we are!” screamed Sherlock. “We need to get out of here! something very bad will happen here!” warned Mycroft. The silver wolf turned his head towards me licking my snout. “Are you OK?” asked Greg. In response I licked his snout rubbing my head against his whispering. “I’m okay, stay close to me love, don’t let go.”
“Kaitlyn?....That’s her name….right?...” “That’s what the sliver haired man said and he even kissed her….so I’m pretty sure.” Stated two muffled voices through the high pitched ringing. Flexing my muscles and rotating my wrists I slowly sit up pulling my head up to my head to only stop half way. Groaning I open my sensitive eyes I look down to my hands to see the same restraints on my wrists. The only thing that is different is that I was in human form. Leaning down a bit I run my hands through my hands and shake my head getting rid of the blurriness and the ringing ears. Finally I look up to see the same young women and the other Jewish people. “Hey you're awake, we didn’t know how long you were going to to be out.” exclaims the woman. Almost ignoring the Jewish girl I look around the room I was in to see many Jewish faces and my friends still knocked out. Greg laid a few feet away from me on my left and Sherlock the same distance on my right. Molly, John, and Mycroft opposite from where we lay mirroring our restraints.
Everyone in the hut nodded in understatement once more before a loud alarm sounded making everyone jump. All of our eye colors instantly turned back to normal as the door of the hut was ripped open. Adolf stooped down peering inside to see Greg and I crouching in front of Ruth and the small boy. With a click of his fingers two SS men came in after us latching onto Greg and I pulling us out of the dirt hut. Once outside Greg and I were thrown on the hard muddy ground. Followed by Sherlock, John, Molly and Mycroft.
With the small camera in hand Sherlock started to fiddle with the small lens breaking it off. “Sherlock, what have you done that for?...these people already don’t like us.” asked Molly letting go of Greg to be replaced with John to make attempt to take the camera from the youngest Holmes boy. Sherlock scrunched up his face in irritation as he holds the camera up from Molly’s point of reach. “Sherlock let me see it!” complains Molly struggling to pull Sherlock’s hand down to retrieve the small camera when a thunderous blare of an alarm filled the room. All six of us clasped our hands against our ears as the ceiling of the room seem to open up pouring down gallons and gallons of cold water on our heads. Crouching from the weight of the water I tighten my grip on Greg, as John and I move to the sides of the room. Mycroft and Sherlock began to blindly search through the water for a way to stop it. After some minutes of being soaked with freezing water, it was like the pipes instantly sealed off or they ran out of water for the water stopped falling leaving the room mildly flooded. Shaking from the freezing water Greg, John, and I huddle together mirroring the two Holmes boys and Molly across from us as we try to catch our breaths.
Waking up seemed a lot easier than it was in the past. Everything was quiet, but for the small mechanical hum. I feel at peace, my body didn’t hurt and someone was gently holding my hand. Slowly opening my eyes I was met with Greg’s sleeping form. He looked peaceful as if we were back home sleeping in our own bed. Turning my head to the right the sight of Sherlock sleeping on the small space of the hospital bed gently holding my bruised hand. “Sherlock?” I whisper watching him slowly wake up looking up from his sleeping state. “Kaitlyn...you're up…” “Good morning to you too” I said giggling squeezing his hand a bit. Sherlock looks down at our hands and smiles releasing my hand. “He’s still asleep, you two got the most of the injuries with that fight, but hell you should have seen the SS wolves.” chuckles Sherlock glancing at Greg.
Greg’s eyes slowly opened taking a deep breath in before looking around. Almost all eyes were on him with disbelieving eyes and open mouths. “Did I miss something?” Asked Greg sitting up with a small grunt then pulling me to his side. Ruth came up with a small smile before a small little boy poked his head out from behind Ruth staring at Greg and I in wonder. “Whoa...he's magic.” Expressed the little boy. Greg smiles after the realization what the boy meant and beckoned the him closer. “So you like magic?” Asked Greg smiling bigger as the boy nodded quickly. Greg carefully picked up a small rock keeping eye contact with the little boy as he steps forward. Then with a smile he reaches out with the rock concealed in his hand touching the back of the boy's ear. “Oh what is that doing suck in your ear?” He said pulling out the rock showing the boy who grabbed his ear in disbelief with a huge smile. Taking the rock from Greg the small boy held it tightly in his hand before speaking. “Can you do that eye trick again?” Whispered the small boy.
“ENOUGH!” warns Greg as he lunges forward a bit snapping his teeth making a horrendous bark mixed with a growl. Everyone expect Hitler jumped back in fear when the silver wolf made his warning. Raising an eyebrow Adolf released my ear turning his attention to Greg as well. “Excuse me? What was that?.....oh...are you two together?....” Neither of us answered just an continuous staring contest played out for a few minutes. “Köhler!” screamed Hitler as a the same SS officer who answered his first question stepped forward after flinching at the sound of his name. “Hail Hitler!” he announced trying to hide his emotions. “Inject the silver one with more wolfsbane then teach him a lesson….no one speaks out to Hitler, exceptionally if they are a wolf.” The SS nodded running off to receive another syringe of the deadly serum. Meanwhile men in striped pajamas like uniforms came around us tightening the chains holding myself and Greg. In a matter of seconds the SS returns with a full syringe of wolfsbane heading towards Greg. The whole line of wolves started to rumble as the SS grew closer. Greg and I struggled to throw off the chains as the SS stuck Greg in the neck.
I  stared blankly at Ruth as she told her story listening intently for the small details. Sherlock, Mycroft, John, and Molly took in every word to heart as she spoke. “So we were like zombies?” Asked John rubbing his sore wrists as he stared at his still bare feet. “verdugo, it's a newly made drug that shuts down the brain to a subconscious state.” Explained Sherlock looking at the fronts and back of his hands. “Do you think the drug would mess with our healing abilities?” I asked looking down at Greg. “Healing abilities?” Asked Ruth watching me cuddle Greg running my fingers threw his hair after tracing small circles around his temples. “Werewolves had a little power of regeneration….when we get hurt with something minor like cuts and or bruises, we can be back to our normal self in a matter of a few minutes” Explains Mycroft. “But if we get hurt in a major fashion it would take a day or two depends on the injury” adds Molly. Ruth and the other Jewish people's eyes grew in curiosity. I slowly nod my head as I run my hand across Greg’s arm tracing his badly cut forearm. As my fingers left each patch of skin the bloody gash that once was etched in his skin slowly sealed up not even leaving a scar behind.
The war was on a breaking point for Germany, and the country was really leaning towards surrendering. 4.3 million is the special number in dead and Germany couldn’t have that...this war is Germany’s for the winning. Even though this is usually the time where the side who is suffering this much should be thinking of surrendering, but an order for a project “W” may change the history of this war. The sound of rain and the splashing of mud and boots could be hear in the city of Berlin. Soldiers and civilians filled the dirty, wet streets scurrying around like chickens with their heads cut off. You would probably describe it as chaos, especially at the train station. Yelling, crying, barking, multiple footsteps, heavy drops of rain and the hiss of trains filled the ears of the young SS as he runs through the crowd of people. Pushing his way through young and old the SS ran like his life depended on it.
People were everywhere, standing up against the metal railings, hanging off the railing, standing on the chairs. Mostly anywhere to get a better view of the fight arena. Adolf smirked as he leaned over looking at Greg and I. “You two must be their favorites, let's have you two go first must not keep the people waiting shall we?” Deep ominous growls escaped Greg and my throats making the cheers grow a notch louder. With a swipe of his hand Hitler made the Jews pull us the middle of the arena. Releasing the chains holding the both of us with a big clunk the Jews raced back to the gate to find it locked behind them. Terrified and shocked they watched as Greg and I stood up to our full height. Breathing heavy we are met by the same gate which we were lead in open showing two German SS a woman and a man matching Greg and I. Taking off their SS uniform jackets to show off their big muscles the two embrace mocking the tile we were given. The crowd cheered once more demanding the two to change.
“No, you'll be warmer this way, I promise, look”, he’d said and shrugged his own coat off. Sherlock remembered still vividly how good John had looked doing that.
His trousers up, John makes a point of being efficient and precise. He angles his body so that Sherlock has a good view, though, it is a show after all, even if a mundane kind. His trousers are still open in front, offering a glimpse of his pants. His shirt is next, and he lifts his hands to the top button. He always starts from his chest and continues downwards, one button after another, closing the shirt over his vest. Sherlock whimpers, and John hears him shuffle on the bed, probably finding a better position – for wanking or for viewing, John does not know.
It had taken a little bit of shuffling and arrangement, but finally they’d found a position they’d both been comfortable in. John's chest had been warm, and as John had been sitting quite tall and as Sherlock had been slumping down a bit, his head had slotted nicely into the crook of John's neck.
Sherlock imagines slowly opening the buttons of the plaid shirt, not yet touching John, but pushing the fabric aside so that he can look. John's skin is smooth and milky white. Somehow in his fantasy it is easy to open the buttons underneath the cardigan too, letting the shirt fall open all the way underneath, and watch John's belly rise and fall just under that sheer cardigan, his skin against it, his whole midriff visible but yet covered.
John had already brushed his teeth and had just chucked his pants and T-shirt in the laundry bin, about to step in the shower when the bathroom door creaked.
He settles a bit deeper into his own chair, lifts his legs up to conceal his groin and surreptitiously glances down to make sure his dressing gown is strategically draped.
