There is only a few people who can keep up with his mind, even less with his emotions. Steve has always been better at understanding Tony’s emotions. From the beginning, he thinks they understood each other better than anyone. Too well maybe. That was why every word found the thinnest place to strike. Every word made the other bleed.
“But we can!” Tony rolls on top of him, his face split into two with a huge grin, feeling lighter than ever. “We will do good by each other this time, yeah? We know better now.”
“You wouldn’t know what I was thinking if you didn’t think of it yourself,” Tony shots back and yeah, he can definitely see where Steve is coming from. He cuts Steve off, “We don’t have to think about it anymore, alright? Thanos is gone and everyone is probably going to be busy getting used to this new universe and we’ll have some time off.”
“Hello, Colonel,” he says with a small voice, his eyes flickering to his crutches. He clears his throat and takes a deep breath to force the words out. “How’s the treatment going?”
“Is this about Steve?” she asks suddenly looking way too cheerful for the subject.
The TV is off. If he keeps staring ahead Steve will leave the tray and leave without saying anything else.
“Cheesy,” Steve choked out, eyes rolling back on his skull as he breached the first ring of muscles, still a tight fit after years. He was going down slowly, pain cutting through pleasure at times. Tony was jacking himself off as he rolled his hips to get used to the sensation, willing his body to relax to take him fully when Steve reached out for his hand.
“Shit,” he said into Steve’s neck, “I’m so sorry, I don’t know what happened.”
The rest of coffee only fills half of his cup and he starts preparing for himself, feeling like an intruder.
Bu he still lets Steve haul him into his arms and he hates himself for melting into his chest.
Steve stared at him blankly and shook his head in disbelief. “Astonishing.” His voice was a bit scandalized but he was also fighting a tired smile so Tony knew he wasn’t in trouble.
“Sounds like a man who has a lot to lose,” Natasha says mildly, but her eyes are suspiciously bright under the sunlight streaming through the open windows. She understands, feeling so unworthy that you hide from anyone else in the world, telling yourself other people are just burden. She understands holding onto what you find with both hands and you can’t even get distracted for one second or they’ll take it from you.
“Tony,” Steve approaches him carefully, like he’s approaching a wounded stray cat. “I’ve never told you I’m sorry.”
It makes him even harder.
Tony’s breath shuttered when he felt two of Steve’s fingers in his hole, promptly finding his prostate and grazing it gently. Steve’s hand left his hair, so he could caress the skin he probably left red and Tony chuckled breathlessly.
It’s a challenge, to not fight back and just take it, take everything from Steve so Tony is all he’s left with. He wants to break Steve and hide him in boxes, so no one else can have as a whole.
He realized he had closed his eyes when Steve tugged him closer to kiss him gently, hand rubbing over his back to soothe him.
A knock puts a stop to Natasha’s teasing and Steve’s head appear from the hallway, face brightening with a smile when he spots them.
Tony sniggers and oh fuck, Steve is smitten all right. He almost feels like he’s floating, a sound he didn’t even realize he missed. A salve to a life long scar. “Always a pleasure to hear you curse, Cap,” Tony drawls. “You’ve come a long way from ‘language’.”
Steve instantly grabbed his cheeks apart and pushed two thick fingers in despite stretching him out just before they came here.
“Oh Steve,” Tony thinks hysterically. “You haven’t got a fucking clue. If you’d know how much of me is you, how much I let it consume me, you’d run the other way. You’d be disgusted by the lengths I’d go to erase that sadness in your eyes. I’d spend all eternity in anguish for you to be happy. Sometimes I wish our atoms to collide, so we can make a new universe with just two of us. So I get to keep you just for myself.”
“Hey!” he objects, “I’m the Dad of this team.”
Tony would’ve been a lot more gentler with him, he imagines, if he had just called him Iron Man, or Sir, or even Tony. Anything other than Mr. Stark. He would’ve explained the modern technology with simpler terms than the incompetent SHIELD agents, not bombard him with latest inventions that he just can’t keep up with without any basics. He’d talk to him about what went right and what went wrong in the last 70 years, objectively. Steve would’ve been probably be a lot more horrified about American history, because even if Tony’s a patriot in his own way, his true love is the earth, as a whole. He would take him sightseeing, not the regular walking tours for tourists but a ticket to see glimpses of Tony’s life. He’d start calling him Steve instead of Cap.
“Only one way to find out,” Steve says as he breaches Tony with a finger, his tongue curling around the shiny head. “And it’s okay if you don’t, yeah? You still enjoy it even if you don’t come?”
He watches Steve escape their teammates because if Tony went there to welcome Steve, they’d never let go. And all he wants now is to be alone with his boyfriend.
Steve knows it’s not about them anymore, it’s about Peter and he missed that too, didn’t he? He could’ve been there with Tony for that kid.
Tony mumbles something else but even Steve can’t understand it. “What?” he asks distractedly as he brings Tony his pills and water.
There was pre-Wanda Tony and post-Wanda Tony. For everyone who knew him at all, it was obvious. How Tony flinched any time Wanda is within touching distance or how he seemed to lock himself in his workshop when he was in tower and he was hardly at home anyway. He hardly said anything to them, just fought alongside them silently, sent them upgrades.
(In the end Tony’s destruction starts with his mouth, full of lies and warm and kissing his lips. He’ll slam his shield in his heart and finish it by leaving without looking back.)
Steve grabbed him under his ass with one arm and easily pulled him off the ground. Tony whimpered as his cock rubbed against Steve’s, still too sensitive after having his ass played with far too long after an orgasm. He sometimes wished he was back to his twenties, or thirties, so he could keep up with his boyfriend better. Not to say that it didn’t do wonders to his self esteem to see Steve go mad for his forty something body.
“How bout you make good on your promise?” He smiles seductively, as he wrapped his legs around his waist.
He was hanging limply from Steve, who was effectively carrying him and debauching him at the same time. Tony was never more grateful about his multitasking skills.
Tony’s lips twitched amusedly, and his fingers found their way into Steve’s hair, gently carding through them until he was sure Steve had fallen asleep.
Tony is gone. They’ve lost. Separately.
“No,” Bucky stops him, “I asked you if you were okay that we were fucking and that’s how you chose to understand it.”
His first conscious thought must have been in his mother’s womb:
“I was dying then, it doesn’t count,” he counters.
“I bet he still thinks you’re the most attractive person in existence, Thor included,” she declares, pressing her lips together to suppress a grin. “Does he still pop boners left and right around you?”
Having a strong memory is such a bitch sometimes.
“But you do. You did back then and it hasn’t changed,” Steve whispers softly, his hand catching Tony’s tiny wrist gently, and he runs his fingers until their fingers are interlaced.
He watched Pepper and Tony, sickeningly in love and he hated them both, because he wanted to be them, either of them. But he didn’t have the heart to be Tony and what he had wasn’t enough for Tony to love him.
Steve shakes him gently and firmly orders, “Don’t you dare even think about it.”
“I feel like I should ground them. Make them go to bed at certain hours so I can just hide when they are awake.”
“Suck him off,” Tony orders and it takes Steve back in old days, where Bucky would pin him down on the bed, only place where he’d let him and suck his cock until he spilled his semen down his throat. He’d never done that for Bucky but he’s done it for Tony thousand times and he takes the boxer off, not taking his eyes off Tony.
“Are you chickening out?” Tony goaded him, as Steve’s eyes darkened with lust when his eyes travelled around Tony’s face. Tony knew there was nothing that would stop Steve fucking him right there and there, except maybe the apocalypse. Still debatable.
“I’m going up to shower, Steve,” Tony calls out to him one foot already out of the door, his amused voice startling him out of his endless one sided war with the punching bag. He catches it to his chest, his feet taking two steps back to keep his balance. Tony’s mouth quirks to the side but it doesn’t erase the exhaustion. He hears the unsaid
Tony laughs shrilly, words too close to his own thoughts. Almost like Steve can read his mind. “All you ever saw was the television version of me. ”
“I’ll wash the sheets,” Steve assured him distractedly, still breathing a little harshly. His fingers were drawing lines on his back and Tony’s smile grew when he realised it said Tony. Like Steve couldn’t get enough of him, even though they were touching everywhere.
Seeing a bus coming at you doesn’t lessen the pain of your bones breaking. Maybe you could’ve hit the breaks and maybe you get to turn the wheel to the side but you still break your neck and you’re still paralysed neck down and having a conscious open heart surgery doesn’t have anything on seeing the man you love walk away when you can’t move a finger to save yourself.
“You know what? Why the fuck not?”
“We should move back to the Tower,” Tony offers giddily, eyes lightening up with the idea. They had their best times there, both as a couple and as a team, even the idea of living there again makes his head spin. “You know, try to remember how it felt to be that person, naïve and optimistic?”
“Is this my cologne?” Tony breaks the silence after some time. Steve winces, heart pounding in his rib cage and everything in him screams at him to lie, to deny such thing but... he just can’t bring himself to lie anymore.
Tony stilled, searching Steve’s face to find the best answer to this obviously trick question. “Laundry people?” he said slowly, choosing his words carefully.
Tony winks at him, fluttering his eyelashes. Rhodey shakes his head at his antics. “You usually bring out the hoodies when you’re feeling like shit,” he says and Tony nods in agreement. The last bad hoodie incident was after the Chitauri.
“I know nothing when it comes to you and you’ve made that clear many times before, Rogers,” he sighs, all fight seemingly out of him. So much quicker to abort the ship before he went ahead and ruined everything between them.
Steve crawls until his face is inches away from it, patting the sheets with one hand to find the oil while the other grabs his cock to give a few experimental tugs. Tony looks flushed all the way down to his chest but he is biting his lips unconsciously, like he’s more embarrassed than aroused. “I don’t know if I can come today.”
She sends him a death glare, with goes straight to his cock. She smirks smugly when she detects the small movement of his hips and her hands cup his balls lightly first, then hard enough to make him jumps with shock and pain.
It’s more than surprising, it’s shocking to realise he can still feel something other than grief even if it’s gratitude mixed with shame.
“My friend!” Thor booms.
After that, he let himself close his eyes and sleep.
“When will you have to stop attending these threesomes?” she asks professionally, clearly pleased that her plan worked out so well.
Steve laughs loudly at that, ignoring Tony’s pout and just doubles over. Tony keeps the frown for exactly two seconds but then he joins Steve.
Tony hesitates but then nods, throwing his arms over his eyes when Steve swallows him whole. Steve comes off with a pop, and jerks him until Tony looks at him. “It just makes it even more wonderful when you do.”
Tony chuckles, “You’ve thought about this.”
“How long this vacation will be exactly?”
“You’re dying now too,” she says, not unkindly but Tony flinches nevertheless.
He groaned loudly when Steve gave a particularly harsh smack on his bottom, biting on his forearm to muffle his sounds. Steve yanked his head back by his hair, making him release a long whine. “That’s it,” he grunted as he smacked him in the opposite cheek.
“Neither,” he says, “I’m trying to apologise.”
“We can take a vacation.”
“Tones,” Rhodey objects but his eyes are fixed on his hands and there isn’t any heat behind his warning and Steve knows it’s hurting him so fucking much, much more than Steve hurts and Rhodey is actually blaming him.
“I just want everyone to know that I can have you anywhere, anytime.”
They’re still Avengers, they still take their enemies down together but they don’t go for shawarma and there isn’t a party where Tony gives Natasha a lap dance and Tony doesn’t make Steve fall apart under his touch, kissing every inch of his soft skin, murmuring “I love you”s.
“Stealing my husband?” Steve asks when she hops on to her feet to give him a hug.
Bucky laughs and smiles at her with soft eyes, “Never.”
He wants to bury his nose in his neck and inhale until his lungs explode.
“I love you,” he mumbles with his mouth full and Bruce nods calmly before he pops a fry in his mouth. “What’s it with the hoodie?” he tries again but Tony shrugs, all attention on the food, probably not even hearing him. Bruce watches the sauce drip on the gray sweater (?) with a sense of detachment, like he’s watching a movie in slow motion. There’s a moment where he questions his morality because he could’ve prevented this, but shakes it off. He has been becoming quite dramatic lately.
“I love you,” Steve says one day when he’s back from chasing the Winter Soldier, then adds with a sad smile when Tony freezes in his arms, “You don’t have to say it.”
“I don’t like myself when you are not here to make me hear your side of the story.”
Not that Tony would ever admit being scared shitless. He had a reputation to uphold, after all.
“Oh-kay, I’ll take it from here. We’ll send you some postcards, it was nice knowing you,” Steve shots back with an on point imitation of Tony and Tony splutters, distinctly aware that he should be more insulted by being made fun of but there are more important matters he needs to draw attention to. “We will not send her postcards Steve, I don’t think they even sell them anymore.”
They stay silent for a while, lost in their own thoughts, basking in the intimacy and warmth.
He decides to video call Rhodey after Clint and Pepper question him about his attire, both with choked voices. He’s looked into the mirror, sure, he looks small and cute but he doesn’t get why people are so entranced by it. Even Clint seems to be out of words, his hand hovering over Tony’s head like he wanted to give him a pat like you’d give to a particularly cute animal.
“That’s really not a great idea, Barnes,” Bruce says, trying to be gentle but firm. “It’s not how it works with Tony. Let him take his time. Don’t try to approach him before Rhodey improves. And honestly, I honestly doubt he has a problem with you.”
Tony wants to say it’s not that deep but he doesn’t want to be the one to break the news to the puppy.
,” and that was it, Tony hardly punched back after that, just let the two of them bring him to his knees. Steve knew Bucky thought there was a real fight going on but he was there to watch Tony work on his suit, he knows what it was capable of.
But he still wouldn’t do it, if he didn’t hear Tony say, “Don’t leave me,” brokenly as Bucky started chanting his name like a mantra.
But Tony loves giving Steve everything. His time, his body, his ideas, his heart. He thinks, I get everything back and it’s in a Steve form so it’s a sweet deal, isn’t it? He gives Tony and gets Steve back.
He got like this sometimes, couldn’t relax enough to take Steve, even though they had done it so many times. He remembered being horrified about it, the first time it happened but Steve had been nothing but calm and understanding about it back then and he was just as sweet now.
He doesn’t say “I was falling apart and you didn’t hold me together.”
He eyes Tony’s chest to make sure he isn’t pushing himself too hard despite the doctor’s orders, even though Tony has been meek with doctors for a few years now. He doesn’t pretend to not know why when it comes up and he can’t be sure if Tony appreciates or hates it.
Bruce doesn’t tell him Tony will come around and Steve accepts his tense, secret smiles, as if he doesn’t want anyone to know he’s trying to comfort him. He asks Bucky and him out for a lunch one day and it’s pleasant and light as it could be these days until Bucky “casually” asks how Tony’s doing. Steve winces at the tactless question but that’s how Bucky’s always been before the war, before he was Winter Soldier and it makes him glad that the real Bucky is not buried that deep.
“Uhm, sure?” Bucky says confused, and wonders if he should call Steve to make sure this is actually Tony, not some trick of Loki or whoever they deal regularly.
It’s been months. Emotionally, things are hardly any better. They’re all back in New York, in Avengers Tower without talking about it. It’s like they’re limbs of a single body and they’re suffering for every part of them that’s missing.
Tony chuckles and Steve thinks, yes, I can work until I’m dead for you.
Except Tony. Who’s been standing there stone cold since Nebula brought him back.
He didn’t take his eyes off Steve when he tugged the blindfold down.
Tony snorts, “I’m sixty two, of course we are having problems.”
Rhodey and Tony are sitting in the kitchen, beer in Rhodey’s, orange juice in Tony’s hand when Rogers comes in damp with a towel around his neck. He freezes when he sees them, laughter he heard two seconds ago leaving the room with unpleasant tension as it echoes in their minds. He forces a smile. Tony doesn’t try to fake being civil with him this time to hide the hurt and just looks at him with that blank look in his usually expressive eyes. And god, it really makes Steve feel like his veins are crumbling and like he’s drowning in his own blood and that only he can know it.
She hums, and she still can’t draw her eyes off him. “It’s cute,” she says after a few minutes and Tony just grins, from one ear to another.
As if that wasn’t painfully aware. As if their teammates hadn’t walked in on them multiple times, creating some of the most awkward moments in Steve’s life.
“Okay,” Steve says levelly but Tony hears the hitch in his breath nevertheless. “I’ll take it.”
The easy mood disappears but this has to be said, because Tony has to understand. “I know, Steve,” he smiles, genuine but a bit wobbly, “there is nothing grand about staying forever young.”
“You know I always miss you. And I’ll keep on missing you every moment you’re not with me,” Steve says quietly but clearly, eyes not leaving Tony’s for a moment.
“I can take anything from anyone but not from you,” Tony whispered one night, eyes far away. Their legs were tangled under the covers and Tony’s nimble fingers were drumming on Steve’s chest. They had been together for six months then, and every single day Steve was mourning the years they’ve missed. “I really hate that you have that power over me.”
Steve’s lips stretch into a smile, “One hundred per cent.”
Tony looks down on himself and makes a surprised sound, then laughs. “There was a minor accident and all my clothes are burned. I’m borrowing from Steve.”
Tony chuckles, “It’s okay now, I’ve got you and you’ve got me,” he says with conviction he doesn’t feel.
He looks over nonetheless. “Steve,” he says after a beat, first time since he’s been back. He’s surprised to hear his own voice as well, not because he hasn’t talked at all but because he wasn’t even aware he could still talk when he wasn’t asked a specific, direct question anymore.
But he realises he’s wrong when Tony gets up with his cock red and hard. He thinks that he’s going to suck him off too and he opens his mouth but Tony just pushes him until he’s lying on the floor, shivering with the sudden cold against his back. He doesn’t miss the smirk on Tony’s face but all is forgotten when Tony wraps his hands around their dicks and jerks them off with harsh movements of his calloused hands. It doesn’t take long for either of them to come.
“I’d be more worried by that remark if you didn’t look this good. Healthy.”
It was a thing that lurked around in his mind as long as he knew himself, a part of his earliest memories and for a long time he thought it must be Howard, whispering into his little ears when he held Tony in his arms that one time, out of obligation, maybe. But later in life he realises this is his mother. His mother, who loved Tony more than she loved herself, so she stayed with Howard, even though they weren’t happy together.
Tony sighs and it feels like releasing all the worries with one breath. He puts his forearms on Steve’s chest and he rest his chin on them, keeping their gaze together. “I missed seeing your face without a frown.” It sounds more serious than it should but it makes Steve smile gratefully, so it doesn’t matter.
“A very long vacation?” Steve offers weakly, and is surprised when Tony laughs.
“You think he’ll smell us when we’re done?” Tony asked coyly, playing his part, the blushing virgin. Steve hummed, with an amused glint in his eyes like he knew Tony was just humouring him and grabbed his hair to bare his throat. “Oh, he will,” he said, kissing his way up from the bottom of his throat gently. His grip on his waist was strong, at odds with the softness of his mouth and Tony arched into him, slamming their hips together in the progress.
“A bit, yeah.”
Steve hesitates but sits next to him, something he does when he feels extra courageous these days and puts the tray between them. It’s a horrendous pink and looks ridiculous on the black couch. Tony stares at it so he doesn’t have to look at the man next to him.
It has become easier, being together, as natural as breathing in five years. Coping with the aftermath of the snap has been more bearable but not less painful when they had each other to come back to. This is the first time they are breathing without the guilt of letting down half of the universe, without their breath on their necks.
Tony laughs quietly at that, fingers drawing mindless figures on his thigh. And despite the guilt, and the whole universe hanging from their shoulders, he thinks, this is the moment I want to live in.
He sighs and swallows the rest of his coffee. “You didn’t have a choice,” he says matter of factly.
“Back to oversized hoodies?” is the first thing Rhodey asks. Tony huffs and throws his hands in the air in protest. “Why is this so important? Everyone’s been harassing me.”
He hated Tony so much for calling him on his bullshit, for not letting him hide his head in the sand. What Fury, Coulson, or all of those SHIELD shrinks chose to ignore was the grief. Everyone has already forgotten about the Howling Commandos, about Peggy Carter, about Bucky. About his mom. And they expected Steve to forgot them as well, get the fuck on with it, run around in a spandex suit.
He can see Tony closing off, his eyes going cold and distant and he holds his hand up to silence him. “No Barnes, you didn’t know what you did, you didn’t have a choice. I accept that okay? But Steve,” he says, voice breaking when he says his name, “he knew and he had a fucking choice and I deserved to now, alright?” He is panting and Bucky can see he’s holding back some words and this is only the surface of what he’s feeling. “Even I deserved more than that,” he says quietly and his gaze turns to the door and Bucky winces when he sees Steve standing there with his eyes shining with unshed tears, agape and looking like the small kid who lost the beanie his mother knit for him.
“You look great,” he says, purposefully looking in her eyes to show her he’s not lying.
Now he realises, Tony
“We’re not soldiers,” Tony had snarled back then, a blow to the mountains he made up from denial and ignorance. A deep crack in his façade. He looked at Tony, his uneeringly beautiful eyes bright with unshed tears and he thought,
“I do things I hate, sometimes. And I’ll even throw this tray away for you,” Steve says lightly, hyperaware of every syllable. He wonders if he sounds like he’s flirting. He wonders if he’s flirting.
“I think that’s pretty obvious Tony,” he says, eyes now gazing into his, breaths mixing together. He can smell faint trace of alcohol on Tony’s breath, like he’s already brushed his teeth. His gaze flickers to his mouth, dry and cracked in the corners, white in his beard more visible than ever. The lines around his lips are deeper, lips turned down almost in a sneer. It’s still the only mouth he wants to kiss.
If there was an alternate universe where Tony refused this offer, this one wasn’t it.
Tony looks at him with narrowed eyes, “You tried to make him jealous.”
“But they don’t know that,” Tony whines. “Natasha played with my hair after putting my head on her boobs.”
“That’s true,” he says.
Bucky shrugs again.
Steve always had a thing for Tony’s hands.
“No notes then.”
Natasha seemed the most sympathetic towards him out of everyone, probably because she was as unhappy about Wanda as him, if not more. She was always muttering something under her breath around Wanda in various languages. A few times Wanda had the courage to tell her to say it to her face and after a few sessions of Natasha chewing out Wanda and absolutely wrecking her, they just let Natasha have at Wanda in her own terms. She was touching Tony comfortingly all the time, hands caressing his hair gently, a kiss on the cheek. They looked magical together, like Adam and Eve, a bit too intimate to be friends. He’d have been jealous (he was, god he was) if hadn’t been there to witness their dynamic for years.
His hand goes to his throat when Tony releases him and he falls back on his ass on the floor. He can’t take his eyes off Bucky, who’s breathing so deeply and Tony is kissing his cheek and Steve wonders if it’s just been a game of Tony’s.
“Sometimes I really don’t get you,” Tony snaps, and yeah, that was what he was expecting in the first place. “What the fuck is this all about anyway?”
With Pepper it was always her giving more, until she decided to take more than he was willing to give. When he destroyed the suits, it was the beginning of the end for them. He hated giving up a part of him, a part that resembled Steve more than anything, so he could keep her.
He looks confused when Tony aims at him with the repulsor, which is ridiculous because it happened before. Many, many times. Thor just likes to troll people by playing the dumb blonde from another planet.
Tony snorts, but his body goes lax, legs opening up further to make space for him. “You’d find a way to find anything hot.”
Tony huffed good-naturedly, throwing himself on the bed to land on all fours. “Fuck my thighs.”
Steve cuts him of sharply, “This is your fucking house.”
Tony just keeps staring at him.
Tony was very, very experienced when it came to sex. He was very experienced in public sex as well, a gift from 90s’, and it was just a gross understatement to say that it brought out some nasty memories.
“Alright, I’ll come up in ten,” he says, then adds thoughtfully, “I’ll massage your back.”
Bucky snorts and studies Stark a moment more before he says, “I’m sorry for your loss.”
Tony’s shaking briefly, arms around his now skinny legs. The t-shirt he has on is almost see-through, his scapulas jutting. Steve hesitates for a minute before he decides fuck it, and sits beside him on the cold floor. He hears the small hitch in Tony’s breath and that’s enough to shake him through his core. He’s so weak when it comes to this man. If it was anyone else he’d put it as surprise or discomfort but he knows Tony reacts to him just as he reacts to Tony.
Tony hears himself gasp and tries to muffle it into Steve’s shoulder. Steve shivers when his breath hits his skin, fingers tightening over his.
Steve hums noncommittally but his face looks open and his eyes go distant as he contemplates what he said. “I don’t see others turning into,” he says, waving his hand in the air, face going pink with not finding the words he’s looking for. “Needy creatures.”
“Doesn’t sound very practical if it’s the only reason you want me naked,” he pants, and Steve sits back on his heels, face flushed and breathing hard. Tony whines, trying to bring him closer but Steve just catches his wrists in one hand and then rips his boxers with the other. Tony laughs delighted and mouths “Caveman.” before Steve swallows him whole.
Tony huffed, “Not really a hardship to be tight with that thing you pack,” he said and shoved the hand in his ass away, grabbing Steve’s cock instead. He took a deep breath and gave a huge grin when Steve’s eyelashes fluttered.
Back then Tony had asked him “Are you familiar with the tale of Cassandra?” and he rolled his eyes, “You are not Cassandra, Tony.” Tony sighed at that but didn’t say anything for a few hours that Steve felt guilty for snapping at him.
Tony laughs into his mouth and his hand finds his cock, which had gotten hard in a heartbeat when they first touched. “That’s what you do to me,” Steve chokes out because Tony knows him, Tony knows his way around Steve’s body, more than he knows his own body.
Loving Steve makes Tony fall in love with himself. Because he is so fucking brave, allowing himself be vulnerable with this man who’s bound to break him. He doesn’t even have to give him a gun to shoot him, he has his eyes and his mouth and his hands.
“I’m still sorry.”
He jumps when Natasha sits beside him out of nowhere and he almost chokes her with his metal arm but the warm look Tony sends him distracts him at the same time.
Steve huffs, probably mistaking his feelings as something it isn’t. “I know it’s not healthy, spare me the pity, alright?”
“It does.”
“I think it’s just both of us need each other in our lives,” Tony breaks the silence, looking up to see Steve already watching him carefully. “We go through some shit normal people don’t go through. It’s kind of understandable to go crazy in the process.”
“God, I wish we could do this in every square of this place,” Steve growled into his ear and Tony’s brain was already malfunctioning, his IQ down by forty points at least by that point, so he couldn’t even register the meaning. He cried out when a particularly hard thrust slammed into his prostate. He tried to open his eyes to look at his lover but it was hard to see even with his eyes wide open, vision blurry at best. “Like fuck me in their rooms?” At this Steve’s became more erratic, something primal, a part of him that he couldn’t shake off taking over him. “Yeah,” he choked out as he completely laid down on Tony to harden his thrusts, wrapping an arm around his throat as Tony heaved for a breath, mostly because of the sudden increase of onslaught on his nerves. His eyes was blackening out in the edges, Steve’s strong arm cutting his air way and even if it wasn’t, all of Tony’s neurons were busy making sure he felt Steve’s body all around him. Not trivial things like breathing.
“I don’t get younger, you know,” he hisses, hating the burn in his eyes. Pretends there aren’t any tears streaming down his cheek. “You were the one to fuck off while I was still a bit attractive.”
“Whatever,” Tony grumbles, wrapping an arm around her shoulder to put a kiss on her hair. He lets himself soak in the familiar scent for a moment and smiles gratefully when she looks up at him.
He sits when he decides he would’ve left himself if he didn’t want to be in his company and stares at him without saying anything, as usual.
“Okay,” Steve concedes, not because he agrees but because he wants Tony to be right. He wants to rest. “Even if we don’t get the time off that you’re promoting, we’re going to get through that together.”
He finds Tony in the small balcony of his room. It’s a small one, hardly big enough to put two chairs on the marble. It’s almost absurd, finding him under open skies with his feet on the ground. The Tony he remembers is always flying high enough that he disappears to his enhanced eyes, bantering with him, eyes meeting over others’ heads, always something to drink in his hands. His repulsive smoothies because he can’t be arsed to chew, a coffee, some expensive scotch.
“It’s a merry day for you and Steven! Wearing your beloved’s clothes is a sign of trust and undying love. My Jane always wears my clothes in the morning,” he adds with a dreamy look on his face, his chest heaving with a deep sigh. “We will spend the eternity together.”
Tony is looking at him in horror, rendered speechless. This is exactly what he wanted to avoid, turning Steve into himself.
“Everyone was texting me photos of you,” Steve admits and he pushes Tony down to mattress, who goes way too willingly. He puts his elbows next to his ears and half lies on top of him, knocking the breath out of Tony for a second. Tony wraps his arms around Steve before he can get away and cranes his neck to press a kiss to his cheek.
“Bodily functions finally caught up to you, huh?” he smiled, tugging the spoon out of his mouth and Tony gave him a hesitant smile back. He was still radiating
It’s what he’s been waiting for longer than a year but it’s terrifying, and he turns his mood even darker as he steps closer to Tony’s room.
“You can tell him he can even stuff it in his ass.”
But Steve and Tony, they can’t do that. Bottling it up never helped them.
“I know you didn’t sign up for this. I’m sorry,” he says but doesn’t sound apologetic at all and Tony’s so grateful for it, for his shamelessness, because he can’t deal with Steve regretting them. Whatever the reason may be.
“I’m sorry,” he wants to say but Tony beats him to it, “Just go Rogers,” he says in a low voice, heat gone and Steve hates this tone even more than the accusing one.
“I can try.”
“Everything about you is hot,” Steve tries to say but he can’t because his mouth has better things to do.
He grasped fistfuls of Steve’s silky hair in his shaking hands to crash their open mouths together, feeling a dribble of saliva escape and trail down his chin as they gasped into each other and god, he loved that he couldn’t tell whose it was.
He caught Tony in the kitchen one day, after a two week absence. He had a plastic spoon in his mouth and a tray of food he seemed  to be smuggling out. He winced when he spotted Steve and wow, no one should be this uncomfortable in their own home. He kind of felt like those bullies for turning Tony into a terrified deer.
Tony can’t even remember if he ever saw his mother happy. A few smiles here and there; genuine, fond looks thrown at Tony. But always a bit bittersweet. A bit heartbroken.
Steve gives him a lazy, amused smile. “It doesn’t work that way.”
Tony blushes deep, down to his chest and groans as he hides his face. He feels Steve’s chest rumble with laughter and lets Steve carry him into their room.
“Tony,” Steve starts suddenly, taking one step towards him. He stops abruptly and waits for Tony to acknowledge him but his voice doesn’t shake Tony out of stupor. But Steve was never one to step back when it came to anything, especially Tony Stark. He calls out his name again, this time on his knees in front of him. It almost makes him whimper, how it hits him square in his chest when Tony meets his eyes with his bottomless, sorrowful gaze.
“Is it because I’m from the past? Man out of his time,” Steve stammers when they lie side by side, his chest heaving with his shaky breaths. Like his body just remembered he used to asthmatic.
“That’s really not very eco friendly,” Tony gasps, and he instinctively start to thrust between Steve’s denim clad thighs when Steve’s hand somehow finds his perineum to press against his prostate from outside. His hands find their way into Steve’s hair, tugging him in for a kiss.
“I still have a lot to give to the world,” he says but it lacks any heat.
He gives up the fight as the elevator reaches the third floor and runs to the elevator. Watching the elevator rise up, way too slow and outdated for his Tower, he plasters himself to the glass and grins wildly when Steve jumps in the air when he sees him.
He paces the room until Steve gets into the elevator, shooting impatient glares at the door like he dares Steve to just teleport into the room.
It is obvious, and he hates everyone who looks at him with pitying eyes. Tony calls Bucky James and Bucky calls him Tiny, which puts a small smile on Tony’s lips every time even though he tries to fight it. Steve wonders if Tony told him about their relationship and if it matters at all. He knows he has no place in this, he lost his right to even ask Tony questions when he decided not to share what he knew about his parents’ death.
“Sorry, just trying to find out how to open a conversation.”
“Sure, all the time. Our biggest problem,” he says sarcastically but he looks happier, with the red adorning his cheekbones.
They both shake their heads no with terrifying image of Bucky trying to make Tony understand (Steve knows Tony actually understands Bucky’s situation and that’s why he’s being so generous with them).
It is so easy to be charmed by him, to be caught in his spell. For Steve, it’s as natural as blinking to love him, even if he hadn’t realised it for so long. But he is also not an easy man to understand. He was the epitome of everything about future that made him want to curl and hide back then. Everything Tony said went over his head and he was too proud to ask for clarifications, afraid to be mocked. Tony was capable of driving a saint crazy on his tame days but he seemed to lash out whenever it came to Steve and Steve, who never backed down from anything, was afraid of what Tony Stark might say to him.
Tony thrusts his hand into the box of fries, the sleeves covering his hands entirely. He sees this one coming too, but he doesn’t do anything to stop it either. Tony looks at the ketchup on his sleeve with a groan as he stuff his food in his mouth and dabs at it with a napkin half heartedly.
The constant pressure on his cock and the way Steve fucked him in the ass with his thick fingers, two at first, then three, brought Tony to the edge of an orgasm quick as light. He was squirming but Steve kept him in place even as Tony started to jack them off fast and hard. Tony wanted to feel Steve come first but Steve seemed to have the same idea and god, he was going to have a sore
“Why are you wearing this?” he asks again and now he can hear the thinly veiled hysteria in his voice. Tony arches a brow at his tone but finally he got his attention.
Barnes is even quieter. He stares at Tony for a long time as if he’s trying to solve a puzzle until Tony sends him a disdainful glare and shuts down the face plate loudly.
“Only for the last ten years.”
Tony looks even more confused, “The sex was just too good to pass on.”
Tony shook his head silently, still watching him like a hawk. “My workshop is your workshop.”
“I know,” he grins, “it was kind of badass.”
“You gave the world so many bright, amazing kids,” he kisses his shoulder, digging his thumb in a particularly tense spot, “you deserve a break.”
“You’re lucky you’re cute,” Steve deadpanned but he looked fond more than anything else. His eyes were getting glassy with sleep and Tony couldn’t stop himself from craning his neck to kiss him chastely on the lips, his hand curling around Steve’s neck. “I’m lucky you love me.”
Well, in his defence, he always thought it was a weird antic of Steve’s to ask him if he had dirty clothes every few days. “Three years and we’re still learning about each other,” Tony grinned, his hand finding its’ way to Steve’s chest and patting him.
Steve hummed low in his throat when Tony stroked him jaw with his thumb, eyelids dropping. “Yeah yeah, I do,” he mumbled. “Pet my hair.”
He shrugs off his jacket and gingerly puts it around Tony’s shoulders. He imagines tucking him in, closing up the zipper, pulling him in an embrace but he doesn’t dare doing more than this.
Tony groaned at loud, pushing him down to grin devilishly. He knew Steve loved to watch him on top, Tony losing himself in the sensations, being full with his cock, his own flushed and hard cock bouncing with every up and down but Steve almost always took over the fucking in five minutes, always impatient.
“I was ready to give up on everything for you and you made me,” Tony screams, getting into his face, his hands hovering next to Steve’s head, shaking with the effort not to hold him. “I gave you everything and now I just don’t want it back Steve. Keep it or throw it in the bin, shit on it, I don’t fucking care. It’s all yours. Do whatever the fuck you want. I’m done.”
. “I didn’t think I’d make it to my sixties. And now I’m sixty two and I have no idea what awaits me.”
Which was probably nicer than Steve would expect from Tony and he wonders if his low expectations of Tony is why he doesn’t have him anymore.
Steve laughs, his whole body shaking under Tony. “You don’t need to convince. I’m in if you are.”
“Okay,” Steve says, despite the soul deep ache, “I can work with that.”
you. I’m pitying us both,” he tells truthfully, but softly, putting his hand over Steve’s on his abdomen.
Steve snorts. “We could. We have about two thousand trays.” He shifts and puts one leg under the other.
Bu he’s a futurist, he knows everything is about to blow up in his face. So he chooses to keep his blinkers on, and Steve stays with him. Then he rationalises with himself that it doesn’t make a difference that he didn’t put a stop to two of them when he had the chance.
“We should throw this one away,” Tony says in the end.
Steve gave a long, high moan at that and got behind him in less than a second. He grabbed handfuls of Tony’s ass to knead it, making Tony congratulate himself for never giving up on squats. It was so worth it, considering how much Steve loved his ass and thighs.
“It’s not forever,” Steve protests and his insides go clammy again. Steve realises his reaction instantly and shakes his head madly, explaining himself. “One of us is going to die first.”
“People don’t seem to depend on others as I depend on you,” he sobs, squeezing Tony’s heart with an invisible hand, crushing him because he hears the silent words. Steve thought he was losing Tony back there. His body goes frigid, the hollowness in his chest growing every second, watching Steve’s face crumble. “I don’t think I would’ve survived the crash if you weren’t waiting for me.”
, coating both of them with the lube he brought with him.
It’s hard to say he’s surprised when he comes home and find Bucky and Tony one. Tony, totally naked, despite never taking his shirt off in front of anyone, hands on Bucky’s pecs, riding him slowly, eyes cast heavenward. Bucky, meeting Tony’s movements with care, his metal hand on the arc reactor, almost caressing it.
She must have loved Howard, to call out his name like that. And probably Howard loved her back, in his own twisted way. Would’ve died for her.
Tony shakes his head in amusement but his smile slips when he sees some new wrinkles around her eyes that wasn’t there the last time they were alone. Of course, Natasha catches it and fixes him with a stern look. “Again?”
“It’s rather gruesome,” Steve agrees, voice carefully steady.
Bucky winks at Tony when they walk behind them and gives him a thumbs up, accompanied by a obscene hand gesture, which makes everyone but Tony choke, even Natasha.
“Ten minutes.”
It’s just harder to deal with today.
Tony dropped face first to the bed, just letting Steve do the clean up because well, he was the supersoldier. He chuckled weakly when Steve turned his head so he could breathe. He sighed contently when the bigger man wrapped an arm around his back. He was crowding closer to Steve, so his side pressed firmly against his front when he sneezed, grimacing when he saw dust fly around in front of his eyes. He turned his head to face Steve, who looked blissed out. “This was not sanitary at all, this place is one step away from being an abandoned warehouse,” he complained just to be a brat, but he couldn’t help the smile.
“I identify mostly as a Tony Stark man,” Steve corrected him, with a crooked grin, the one that made his left eye close and wow, this kind of stuff should’ve stopped affecting him thirty something years ago.
Tony looks at him sharply. Steve huffs but he is rubbing circles on his back, not elaborating. “I think you’d run away if could hear my thoughts. Codependency at its best.”
In his worst moments, which happens far too frequently to set aside as occasional slips, his treacherous mind replays their death in a loop, vivid and sparing no detail. Their last words remain a desperate call for each other and Tony wonders if they were actually in love. If he was the one to put the sad look in his mother’s eyes. If Howard was the one she stayed for.
for them, giving your heart on a platter, the power to crush you and hope they don’t step on you like an insect they can’t be bothered to put outside the window. It’s like dying every damn second and you have your whole life to think about it.
“Thanks Mom.”
He didn’t have the guts to look him in the eye after that and see the trust and love there. He knew every moment he didn’t tell Tony about his parents he was going down a road that was hard to recover from.
Loving someone more than yourself? It takes courage. It means
But Bruce looks like he’d rather be anywhere but here that moment and Steve makes a mental note to warn him so he’s more careful when he asks.
“I can do this all day,” he said and regretted the second it was out of his mouth. Tony was well aware what that meant to him, a defiance against the bullies. A bully, which Tony wasn’t. A victim. Like Bucky.
“Do you even know where the washing machines are?” Tony snorted.
vibes, but his shoulders had visibly relaxed and he shrugged. “Can’t run forever Cap.”
He looks up at him, eyebrows raised, “Are you trying to make me feel better or worse.”
He doesn’t even have to knock on the door, he doesn’t have time to collect himself because the door is open and Tony is not alone as he’d expected. Bucky grins at him from the bed he’s lying on with only a tight boxer on his ass. He clears his throat, diverting his eyes away because Bucky has love bites all around his chest and Tony’s familiar fingers are massaging his scalp.
Rhodey laughs at him, earning a deathly glare from Tony, which he ignores. It doesn’t faze Tony, he’s got thick skin.
“What did you think when you saw us making love, Steve?” Tony asks, an almost cruel glint in his eyes and his hands travel down to Bucky’s chest, fingers curling over nipples to twist them. Steve feels like his head might explode from confusion and anger but he also feels blood rush to his groin as Tony’s hands explores Bucky’s chest and he feels his breathing get quicker when Bucky rests his head on Tony’s shoulder, blown eyes on Steve. “Come closer, Steve,” he whispers with a encouraging smile, “You know you want to.”
“I’d like to believe the former,” Steve says smiling tenderly, “fucking everything up and still coming back to each other. Would’ve made a nice novel.”
“Morning,” she mumbles, watching him over her mug with puffy eyes. She is not her brightest self yet, but she feels comfortable enough around Tony that she doesn’t fake it anymore. Tony smiles at her warmly, a real one that reaches up to his eyes, which means Steve managed to get him into bed at a reasonable hour. How, she knows but she would like to see it firsthand anyway. No one would be surprised to hear she’d like to see two hot guys fuck. One day, she’ll ask.
“Did you like it?”
Tony’s smile dims a bit but he shakes it off. “Everyone will think you’re my sugar baby,” he says teasingly and the tight knot in Steve’s chest dissolves hearing his light tone.
It was easy to predict what was going to happen after he finally told the truth to that question. He went into a robot mode, only goal being keep Bucky alive. He could see that Tony was pulling his punches back, considering they still weren’t blown to hell.
“Steve, just don’t,” he almost says it petulantly, impatiently. “I fucking know what am I to you.” But he doesn’t draw his hand back and his icy fingers actually curl around his.
“Bucky asked me if I was okay with you being together,” Steve exclaims, an accusing finger stabbing at Bucky’s chest.
Tony doesn’t smile but he takes the sandwich.
So he does the smart thing and kisses him. “You’re going to break me,” he says bitterly, “And I’m going to let you.”
“Language,” Steve grins, adjusting the showerhead to aim at his head and groans in relief as the cool water hits his burning skin from behind. He throws his head back and lets the water trail down this chest, sighing happily when Tony’s hands start running over his shoulders. “You just keep getting more unreal,” Tony murmurs, Steve picking it up only because of his enhanced hearing. He opens his eyes and Tony meets his gaze, unflinching. Tony stopped hiding from him many years ago but it still twists his heart to hear him sometimes. He draws Tony closer and their wet skin glide against each other. The touch ignites a spark in the his chest, but like a wildfire, it spreads to his whole body, overwhelming and confusing in its’ intensity, just like it did when they first touched more than as friends. It still takes a few moments for his body to adapt and trick that fire into a cage, so he can settle into a familiar pleasure, bone deep and patient. Unassuming.
He tongues the head, closing his eyes at the taste, trying to code it to his memory in case this is the last time, then opens to watch them. He takes the head in his mouth, sucking gently, teasing, then going down on him slowly, and caressing the underside with his tongue and Bucky gives an involuntary thrust, making him gag suddenly. Tony whispers in his ear and grips his hips with one hand while his other hand is around the base of his cock to stop him from coming.
Steve’s hands trail up his arms to hold his shoulders and he hides his face in the crook his neck. “Which ones are me?”
Instead Tony’s back in his floor with a couple and Steve’s already broken a glass thinking about the man’s large hands on the curve of his waist, Tony’s mouth on her cunt, making her whimper and thrash on his silk sheets.
“I know what I was getting into Rogers. I basically jumped into it,” he laughs, “I knew you’d be my destruction and I was okay with it. I’m still okay with it. It’s all on me baby.”
She loved and she stayed.
Tony laughs mirthlessly, “I always thought I’d die as Iron Man,” he says, and it’s nothing Steve doesn’t know because Tony never held back, never hesitated back then. His eyes always said
“Why is that?” He asks on autopilot, using a bare minimum of his brain capacity for this conversation.
Bucky shrugs, “Apparently Steve thinks our relationship involved emotional package along with sex.”
“You know, it’s actually creepy how you stare at me.” Stark says casually but it has no bite in it.
Almost everyone’s gone, Natasha and Clint doing whatever they do when they say they’re on vacation. Bruce is with Betty and Thor is with Jane. Steve leaves when he decides he can’t take another minute of Bucky and Tony flirting openly. He even slams the door behind him as he leaves the room, the walls rattling but keeping intact and he instantly regrets his actions but it’s too late to go back, so he pulls his hood over his head, keeping his head low not to attract attention and runs for hours and hours.
Starks grins at him, not at all bothered by his response. “Just make an ass out of yourself, that’s what I do.”
He was never a brave man when it came to Tony Stark.
Tony flicks his nose, “Uncalled for Mr. Rogers. Behave or I won’t give you pocket money.”
Tony looks up, carefree and smug and pats the girl on the ass, “Off you go, gorgeous,” he says and ignores the seductive pout she sends his way.
“Sorry,” he apologises instantly, face hot with guilt and he bites into his sandwich but swallowing is hard with the lump in his throat. Natasha silently hands him a bottle of water and he drinks it gratefully.
He’s up in the penthouse in exactly six minutes because the years are catching up to him as well, no matter what Tony thinks. He hears the water running and he smiles to himself. Retirement has been suiting them better than he thought it would. He quickly chucks the clothes in the laundry basket, sliding into the bathtub. Despite his earlier reluctance, Tony’s eyes sparkle when he sees Steve. “Hey Cap.”
“Do you want me to leave?” Bucky asks, expecting a sly response considering how his teammates always talk about him but Tony only gives him a bright smile, “Only if you want to leave, you don’t bother me.”
. And then his sight gone black with fury,
“You’re awfully chipper today buddy,” he says airily but it would’ve been obvious to anyone but Thor that he’s actually irritated beyond belief.
Bucky shrugs, “Preferably, never, Sex is just so good,” he says, trying to goad her on.
Tony stops him with his eyes, a ghost of a smile on his lips, “Get naked soldier,” he says, eyes clouded with lust and Steve complies him in a second and stands there with a hard on as Tony jerks Bucky off slowly.
“Of course,” Thor laughs heartily and Tony feels guilty for thinking crap about him. He’s not dumb, or an asshole. He’s just enthusiastic. Tony can deal with it.
Tony has never heard anything better.
“Captain Rogers, Mister Stark wanted me to tell you that he’d like to have words with you if you’re not busy. He’s waiting for you in his room.”
“We’ve been here for almost three years,” Steve says slowly, like talking to a toddler. Tony shrugs, “Yeah, I know, but now there is also Wanda and Clint is still snappy with me whenever he’s here…”
“And how would I cope with that?” He says drily but he still approaches him gently, opening up the box before he puts it down like he’s trying to trick a cat into a trap. To pet the cat. Tony stares at the contents hungrily for a second and then caves, attacking the box with his dirty hands to grab the burger.
It’s been three months since they last saw Tony (or Rhodey). So when Bucky sees Tony with a blonde dame on his lap, he stops short reaching for coffee machine. “Iron Man?” he says, as if trying the words.
It is hurricanes and broken homes, children holding onto their mother as they find their way through dead bodies of their neighbours.
“Tony.”
“You’re an ass man, Mr. Rogers,” he grinned back to Steve, whose face was red with arousal and probably holding his breath to keep himself focused.
“Jesus Tony,” he mutters but grabs him by his bare thighs so he can wrap his legs around his slim waist. He giggles like a high schooler with a crush but it doesn’t matter because Steve’s hands roam over his back, and his ass which is only covered by Steve’s boxers, stretching tight around his fuller bottom. He sighs in pleasure when Steve peppers kisses from the bottom of his throat to his temple.
Steve wants to scream and throw the fucking television on their heads for fucking with his head but Tony’s hand disappears under Bucky’s boxers and Bucky’s hips thrust forward in shock and suddenly he thinks fuck it and closes the space between the in two huge steps.
It was a matter of time after that, for two of them to disappear for days at a time. No one had ever said anything but I was hung up in the air: “It’s going to end in a disaster.”
“Steve’s clothes,” he says simply and his hand reach for fries again but this time Bruce grabs his wrist and curls the sleeve up, before doing the same for the other. Tony snorts and watches him bemusedly, but stands still as he does it.
He tries to push Steve off but Steve hold onto his wrist tightly, not giving an inch. His eyes are dancing around his face, face scrunched up in something like guilt, but Tony gave up trying to understand what happens in his head years ago.
“Is this a new fashion trend?”
He envied him there for being brave enough to handle it, an ugly, volatile creature brewing under his sternum.
He stood up on his knees and reached back to grab Steve’s penis, carefully lowering himself closer, not to fall down and break his boyfriend’s dick. What a shame it would be. Not to mention very painful.
It’s erotic but pure and vulnerable at the same time and Steve wants to bury his face into his pillow and cry over losing both his lover and his best friend.
Steve doesn’t tell him fighting him is the thing he hates the most.
“More like your sugar grandkid.”
“I wanted a part of you,” he mumbles, hiding his face in his other shoulder. He can feel the moment Tony turns to him, his breath tickling his neck, that’s how much they’re close, that’s how hard he’s breathing.
“Tony decided to talk to you without trying to cut your head off,” he says cheerfully and Steve feels his face heat and expects Tony to lash out at Bucky but his gaze doesn’t even flicker. Tony looks at him neutrally, which still makes him nervous because it’s not Tony at all.
Steve frowns and takes the tray from Tony a bit harshly. “I missed you, Tony, not your gadgets.”
“Jesus Tony, after all these years you still think you were the only one who was too deep in this.”
But he doesn’t say “And I welcome it. You’re worth every second.”
Tony’s eyes crack open, looking at Steve like he wants to give Steve what he wants already. But he’s hung up on the idea that he is still paying off his debts.
“I wasn’t here to see these lines form,” Steve says at last and Tony feels like crying, tries to shake him off but with every tug, Steve pulls him closer.
“What’re you wearing?”
They know of course. They know about Peter. Rhodey maybe even understands. He understands how much Tony wanted to be a father to him, to that kid who lost his father and uncle, who looked up to him as if Tony was the only perfect being in universe.
“After all these years I still can’t decide if these all happened because we were meant to be or not meant to be,” Tony says in a small voice. It’s not far from a slap to his face but also kinder than he deserves.
Steve nudges him back on the bed and coats his hands with massage oil. They always come in scents Steve loves somehow. He slaps his hand down on the flesh of his ass and kisses him quickly on the cheek with a huge grin when Tony turns to glare at him. He straddles Tony’s thighs and starts working his way up from the top of his ass, making him abandon his pretence at being annoyed. His rigid muscles melt under his hands, his breathing slows and evens out in less than five minutes.
“Nat,” he drawls amused, when she doesn’t stop staring at him.
It is the truth and Steve wishes he’d died during the war.
“Until we get bored,” Steve says unabashedly and turns Tony around on lay his back, eyes darting below his waist to see he is half hard. Tony groans and looks at his cock like it’s betraying him.
Bruce answers tentatively, keeping eye contact, “He’s staying strong and sober for Rhodey’s benefit,” he says truthfully.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Steve stares at him sternly, grinding his teeth together and while his muscles were exceptionally stronger since the serum, he doesn’t think his skeleton matches it.
“Like they’d listen to you. You look like you started college three years early.”
“You wouldn’t. You hate throwing things away,” he shakes his head sombrely, eyes glazed as he recalls memories, “I still remember the socks used to wear.”
Steve snorted, “Maybe the fact that we’re in a god’s bed?”
