Judging by the smaller man's speechless expression, Steve eyes became sad.
"I'm sorry too Steve," Tony whispered, "I should've told you how I felt."
I felt a hot light shining upon me and slowly, I blinked my eyes open. Still groggy, I could hear faint noises in the background but they're all mixed up together. I huffed and groaned, hoping to catch their attention. All of a sudden, I felt a heavy weight on my body. I started to panic.
"Hey Tony," Bucky said, smiling at the camera.
"About our fight in Serbia."
I watched as Bruce cut open his shirt and his face dawned with darkness.
Tony swivelled around in his chair and took off his glasses. He studied the Captain and worried started to bubble in his throat.
"W-what are you doing Rogers?"
He held the ring in between his fingers and watched as Natasha's eyes widened with shock. Clint came into the room soon and looked between Tony and Nat.
Steve bit his lip and stared down at the floor.
"Why Tony?"
Tony relaxed a bit but was still tense from the uncomfortable closeness between him and the captain. Steve lifted Tony's arm and slid his arm underneath his armpit. He rubbed circles on Tony's chest. Feeling the increased warmth, Tony's eyes were heavy and closed from the comfortable circles that was being created on his chest.
"Steve I forgive you. Please understand. I love you and always will," Tony said as he smiled. He leaned upward and kissed him gently on the lips. Steve tightened his hug, crying as Tony caressed his back.
"What is it Steve?"
Tony turned around, slightly more awkward now. He looked up at Captain as he rested his chin on his chest.
"Don't bullshit me Rogers! Did you know?"
"Umm," Steve pondered, "Steve Rogers?"
"I said," Tony breathed in heavily, looking down onto the floor, "would you want to go on a date with me?"
'_captainsexy_'
Bruce nodded in forgiveness. We both rushed upstairs, calling the rest of the Avengers and the ambulance. Within a couple of minutes, Tony was on his way to the hospital.
"I need to get him back," Steve said with determination in his eyes. He placed his half-drunken hot chocolate onto the table in front of him and stood up. Bucky smiled and stood up alongside with him. He patted his back in supportiveness.
"Go get him Tiger."
"Don't look at me but just say it again. Please?"
"You always defy my orders! What if you had gotten killed?!" Tony watched as Steve yelled in front of the other Tony's face.
I watched Steve freeze and blushed furiously. He clearly didn't know I was there until I spoke. Whatever was bothering him must've been really bad.
Steve had walked passed the lab where Bruce and Tony had been working together and peered inside. He watched as Tony laughed genuinely and felt like Tony didn't need him anymore. His heart broke and became convinced that he was pestering Tony too much by constantly trying to talk to him. The team knew that Steve and Tony was slowly losing touch with each other but they also knew that they love each other too much. They didn't blame Bucky but they also didn't know how to get those two talking again. During missions, Steve and Tony worked in sync however once the mission ended, it always end in Tony desperately looking at Steve while Steve walks away, back to Bucky's room.
Steve took a step forward with his arms out. He blinked in an attempt to get rid of his tears.
Tony finished gulping down his third glass of whiskey until he heard the doorbell ring. He slowly shuffled to the door and opened it to reveal a man with a sloppy grin on his face. Tony eyes widened but then anger coursed through his veins.
"What for?" I frowned
"No," Tony laughed as he tried to keep the phone away from Steve, "we're keeping it!"
"Okay. Let's do that."
Tony gaped with his mouth wide opened. He mentally slapped himself after hearing what she said. Because you know what, she was right. Steve didn't call for important matters, they were mainly trivial things like 'what's the WiFi password,' or 'Tony, how do I connect bluetooth?' And every single time, instead of Tony explaining it over the phone, he always chooses to stop what he's doing to go help Steve.
Read on to explore the one shots!
"I'm sorry I'm s-such a f-failure!" I screamed out loud. I felt two skinny arms wrapped around me and I knew she wasn't mad at me but I still felt like shit. Nat rubbed circles on my back and I thought I was calming down.
"wouldn't have been as entertaining." Rhodey quipped, and the smile felt more natural then. "She… we all wanted to see you, Tony. it's one of those things friends exist for, you know. To give ridiculous giant teddy bears to each other."
There was no sound, so no one knew what was said when the man in the video leaned over Tony's unconscious form, if anything at all. They all turned their heads when he went further, revolted by the grotesque scene of the attacker claiming his prize.
"…To let him ride it out. Keep holding his hand and talking to him, he needs something to ground him. His breathing is regulated by the machines but it is useless if he keeps hyperventilating..." Bruce's voice hammered in Jim's mind, saying this was a panic attack, and James Rhodes had seen some of those before, he knew what they entailed and how terrible they could be. Tony had them since 'New York' – but he never admitted it, and Jim had never seen it get this bad for his friend.
"No- Steve, he IS alive." Bruce was coming out of the building, a rescue team carrying a stretcher behind him, many people were crowding it so Steve and the others could not see the body lying on it or what was happening to it clearly. Steve stared at Bruce for a long moment, incredulous. He knew for a fact that Tony was no longer alive when he left his body inside, he
A part of him kept wondering if any of it could ever be fixed. The uncertainty was maddening – at least in Death Tony could have spared him that feeling of unrelenting hopelessness. Now that the man hanged on the line between life and death, stubbornly refusing to choose one of the two, Steve would have to either be patient and see what happens or…
"I am not the one who needs evidence to believe in my best friend, Nat." he said quietly, "unless there's something in there that can point me to Rogers so I can blow off his head, I don't need to see it, your team does."
(See the end of the chapter for
Bruce noticed his predicament and put a steady hand on his bicep, smiling reassuringly.  "Barely breathing… a crushed windpipe perhaps due to the heavy mass of debris you cleared away, his lungs took a beating but thankfully did not puncture or collapse. We had to hook him up with some help so he could breathe again. In addition, he was bleeding himself dry…  There's going to have to be a long recovery period after surgeries are done," he paused, looked at Steve and smiled a little, "Tony is lucky you found him when you did, Cap."
he did it, why he was still doing it – what mattered were the lives of those he hurt. What mattered was Tony.
Tony was returned to his and Natasha's room the same night, Bruce managed to convince her to stay for further supervision, partly by reminding her she could stay and watch Tony past visiting hours that way. The Black Widow was not the only one on the team who could so easily manipulate people. She seemed to have realized it the moment Clint smirked at her with one eyebrow raised and retaliated with a long, cold stare.
Another cough-laugh sent Tony into a strain of retching and coughs that would have made anyone who was not familiar with 40's influenza squirm in discomfort. Steve stared at him quivering and dry-heaving, his body folding under Steve's arm. "There… won't… be…" another cough, "Steve… I will die. Please…"
"Shit, I seriously don't care." Rhodey said, ripping off the bandages on his sprained hand as he motioned for War Machine to open up for him, despite the urging arguments from the rest of the team not to do it. "I am not waiting another moment, you understand? This shithole got weapons? Well so does War-Machine, and I am a better shot than a computer can ever hope to be. No offense intended, Jarvis."
"I have my doubts about that…" Clint whispered, rolling his eyes when the thunder god eyed him chidingly. "It makes more sense than anything else I can think of. It obviously wasn't Steve, and DNA says it wasn't one of the aliens, then it must have been some other enhanced human or another being altogether. We already know of three different kinds of aliens, who's to say another didn't sneak in unnoticed, right?"
He didn't get the chance. As he pulled him to his feet, Steve's face was wearing an expression unlike anything Tony ever imagined he would see on the super-soldier face -enraged beyond reason. "I
The man sat, a bit crouched over Tony's still body, one of his hands gently tapping just above the now bandaged injury on his thigh while the other held Tony's hand tightly. He turned to look at Bruce when he entered, mentally prepared to start a fight - if Bruce read his expression right, and then relaxed when he saw who it was who entered.
do anything to hurt him, after all." He turned around. "I'm off the team, Tony is off the team, and if I ever see Roger's pasty white ass anywhere near my brother again I will bazooka his head off. Tell him that the next time you see him."
"With all due respect, Colonel…" Steve raised his chin, his eyes borrowing holes into Rhodes "From what I hear… from what I
was no longer warranted. They didn't say so to Rhodey or Sam, of course, but sentiment lingered in the air. Tony was either dead or slowly dying, and if he was alive, the chances that he would stay that way were slimming with every moment that passed.
He thanked Pepper, who looked at him with concern as he swept through, continuously talking about the innovation of SI and the future of the company before announcing his return and introducing him with a breakable smile. Tony hugged her as they switched places – a long, warm hug, leaving no place for doubt about their status as close friends.
Slowly and dedicatedly, respectfully handling the sharp razor that sled along the lines of Tony's jaw, removing foam and hair and leaving the skin under soft and clear. He didn't nick his throat on purpose – he told Tony not to move, but the genius just had to fidget constantly, And Steve got a little restless.
The hut was rundown, oozed decay and filth. It was hidden in a patch of lame forest not too far and not too close to the city, and appeared on no satellite map Jarvis could pull up. It was almost impossible to find – all records of it were wiped from the databases at the tower, Jarvis could barely pull up any backups of the floor plans, and even those were incomplete.
"Oh! That's like a time machine. Except it tells you your-"
Steve eyed Tony up and down, admiring the red and white stripes across his stomach and a bright white star that was covering the beloved arc reactor. The latex suit stretched nicely over his body, even outlining....well you know what.
"Babe, what's wrong?" Tony asked, leaning into his hand.
"I...I think I need to leave the team. Leave you. Leave everyone that ever known me."
"Steve that was a long time ago."
Tony scoffed and continued onwards, ignoring Steve's question. After setting up a profile and a short bio, Steve took back his phone and ran back to his room to explore this new world of Instagram.
Steve choked on his words. Divorce? He can't seriously mean that. Tears welled up in his eyes and were threatening to fall. Tony turned his back towards the kitchen as if he didn't care that he was standing there.
"TONY"
You see, Tony and Steve have been married for two years now. Although with completely different personalities, people do say that opposite attracts.
I gave a loud laugh because I don't know. I felt happy? It felt good to hear cheeky remarks from my fellow mates. Except...someone was missing...Steve....
"H-he took off his wedding ring that bastard!" Tony shouted furiously. Natasha and Clint stared as Tony threw the ring onto the ground and ran out the door. Tony couldn't handle this anymore. He took the elevator to the roof and felt his suit attach to his body before he jumped off the ledge and flew into the sky. Tony needed some time off.
Steve held Tony by the waist as he leaned back to look at him. Leaning down, he hesitantly paused in front of Tony's face before going in for a simple but passionate kiss. It reignited the love that the two men had for each other. Tony returned the kiss and both leaned back taking a breath.
"Shit. Sorry Bruce. I think this whole situation gotten to us..." I felt so bad. Bruce wasn't the one who turned his back on us. Steve did.
"One?! Tony, this is not the first time!" Steve shouted, throwing his arms in the air. Tony scowled and turned his head sideways while crossing his arm. He stayed quiet, weight leaning on one foot as he looked at the ground. After a minute, he looked up and stared into Steve's eyes.
"Thanks Jarvis."
Tony winked at the camera before the video stop. Steve's tears flowed gently down his cheeks as he felt his heart yearn for Tony. Wiping his tears, he opened up the paper and gathered his courage. Stepping out of the room, he walked into the reception area and stood in front of the podium. Breathing out, he opened his mouth to speak.
Tony relaxed and felt his neck become increasingly wet. He slowly return the hug by starting off with patting Steve's back which soon turned into a slow rub.
"Is he now? He won't be able to do missions then."
"Sir, Fury want to see you in five minutes."
Tony was taken aback by the authoritative tone of voice Steve had used.
Tony felt two strong arms wrapped over his shoulders and over his chest. Steve's head was leaning next to his, smiling fondly at the ground.
Tony opened and closed his mouth like a goldfish.
"He's my friend."
Tony looked away, tears spilling in his eyes. I could tell he was really hurt by what I said.
'Shit Natasha, we gotta get him to the hospital. It won't be enough here.'
This was it. This was the moment that Tony had been waiting for. He bit his bottom lip in anxiety as he watched the plane descend onto the runway, alongside a couple thousands of other families who were also waiting for their sons, brothers, and husbands to return from the war.
"Tony Stark."
I stopped panicking and realised they were my friends. I groaned as I tried to propped myself up against the wall. I felt Thor's arms supporting me and I finally got a good look at where I am once I was comfortable.
A year ago, Steve was called out to Afghanistan to train the soldiers. The military thought it would be a good influence to have Captain America leading the team and thus making Tony not being able to see him for a year. Before Steve had left, they were good friends but throughout his time while waiting for Steve, he realised that he wanted the chance to love Steve as his partner.
"What is it?" Tony asked, slightly annoyed, "can't I just enjoy bath-time with my boyfriend?"
"Say what?"
I smiled at myself in the mirror and put on a clean white dress-shirt and some trousers. Today's the day. I'm going to get my date.
"Unbelievable," was all Steve said, "Un-fucking-believable."
"Oh-oh my god. Tony..." Steve breathed out, dropping the grocery bags on the hospital floor.
Steve looks down, smiling gently. He bent down and Tony's eyes followed his movements.
"I know you forgave me about what happened with Bucky but I feel so guilty. If I hadn't said that, I wouldn't have put you in the hospital and made you hate me," Steve cried.
"He never listened. Never let me had the chance to even explain myself. Now here we are, how many years later? I still don't get the chance to explain myself. Everyone always think I do everything impulsively. Maybe they're right. But there's always a good reason to it."
"Are you Capt-in America?" A young Tony asked, looking up while grasping a small blue and white plushie.
I kept replaying and replaying that conversation in my head because I can visibly see the hurt in Tony's eyes. I. hurt. him. I was supposed to protect the team but instead I broke us apart. Not only that, the past few years I've been in this new world, I've eventually fallen in love with Tony. From his cheeky remarks to his genuine smile and our bickering. I love the man. But...Bucky was also my first love. However, looking at him now, he's a completely different person. And... I thought I would continue loving him when I would see him again but my heart still laid with Tony. Of course that's never going to happen. I broke his damn heart...And he knows that I knew about his parents' death...
"And I know I'm dead because I decided I was going to sacrifice myself to save the world. If everything goes according to plan, I would be the one with the gauntlet and I would kill myself to save you. I didn't say this to you because I knew the team would go against this and I couldn't have that. Steve, I'm sending this message to you because...well we had a lot of problems in the past but you are also the most respected person in my eyes. I said I hated when Howard would always gloat about you but it's the total opposite. I always dreamed of meeting you and when I finally did, I was so happy. I wished...I was a better friend, a better teammate which is why I hope through my actions of sacrificing myself, I would prove that. I once said you didn't deserve the shield. I lied. There is no-one, NO-ONE, I would want other than you to have that shield. You deserve it. You really do. And you know why? Because you're a good person Steve. Don't think for one second for whatever happened in Siberia was your fault. And finally... I really like you Steve, I really do. You are really the epitome of 'Captain America' and honestly...I just love you. I wished I had gathered the courage to say it. Peace out Captain, I forgive you, live a nice life but don't forget me."
"Sometimes I wanna punch you in your perfect teeth."
"Of course," Steve said, grinning sweetly and hugging me back.
'_thegreattonystark_ started following you.'
"God, you are so dramatic! I'm fine!"
Tony shut his mouth and closed his eyes as he took in Steve's rant. During the mission, Tony was suppose to fly by to pick Hawkeye up and assist him with fighting however for some reason, Tony never came, leaving Clint quickly trying to find another way  to scramble towards the sky in order to have a better chance at beating the Hydra.
"Come here, I'll teach you it."
Pepper stood up and walked out of the room, leaving the distraught Steve Rogers. She returned back with a little card
A shiver went through him, an urge to answer as sardonically as he was capable of boiling in the pit of his stomach as a stronger urge to lower his head and take the verbal abuse quietly took over instead. He let Steve get closer, trying to ignore the increased trembling and remind himself where he was and why. He wasn't defenseless, he didn't have to suffer through this, not again.
The small wound Tony caused to himself had already stopped bleeding by the time he was done, and barely marred the sight Steve uncovered, which was very satisfying.
Just as he was sure Bruce and Tony were not a romantic item, he was also sure Tony would not say anything. Steve saw the look in his eyes when he kissed him a second time – the confusion and fear covering up the obvious intrigue in what was happening – the want and acceptance of how right it was for both of them to be doing this. Tony knew Steve would not hurt him. Tony trusted him. Therefore, Steve knew – Tony won't say a thing because being with Steve was all the man ever really wanted.
It would've been better if he'd just died under that blasted building, if Steve had never been exposed for what he truly was, and could still be part of the team – it would have been better in the long run, the world needed Captain America more than it needed Tony Stark or Iron man or both of them combined. And Steve was right – he wasn't fit to even carry those names now, in this state. It would have been better to have died a hero than be reduced to this, and by insisting on staying alive he was inviting this suffering upon himself, time and time again.
"Yes, I understand," Bruce nodded and sighed, "Well, you should go rest then, Captain. I'm sure Thor and the rest of the team can handle the situation outside for a few more hours."
He allowed himself a moment to be proud of Tony for designing the house to be this strong, knowing any other place would not have survived against the Hulk's rage or Thor's might. Tony had done it for him, merely as a favor or a grand gesture of comradery. Would he have done it if he didn't love him?
The robot stopped his chirping and jumping around. It closed the hatch of the screen that had blinked shut at Tony's words and settled, almost like a very round, small kitten, next to his chest on the floor, and Tony took his final comfort in its vibration and warmth against his skin.
Edit: Oh yeah btw!!
"Did Bruce tell you to get me some work to do?" Tony asked suddenly, and Rhodey perked up. Bruce didn't much like the idea of Tony working while he was supposed to be resting, but Rhodey knew that not letting Tony do any work would be disastrous in terms of Tony's recovery. He would be more stressed without having anything to do with his hands, boredom would do his mind a lot more harm than good.
teenager from MIT back into his life… and that kid – he was a genuine Marvel.
Steve found himself standing above Tony, who was curled up on the floor with one arm slung over his head as a flimsy shield and the other, the one Steve recalled had to go through a long surgery just to be reconstructed after being smashed useless under the debris, was held too tightly in his own hand. He released it, watching Tony who grunted as he pulled to cradle it against his chest as the cast on it crumbled. Had he gotten this angry over a few
After a short pause, Rhodey nodded. "Jarv, listen. I… We…" a sigh left his mouth "I am so sorry; Tony is…"
He spent the next hour in his bathroom, skin tingling when he asked Jarvis to turn on the hot water and then just stood there, staring as the stream of water started flowing down the drain. He wanted to wash out the salt from his hair, the remains of sand crusting over his skin, he wanted to wash away the hazy memory of monstrous hands and black eyes roaming his body, puncturing him wherever they went.
OK. YES. another not last chapter. why are endings so hard.
The group went into the room, Rhodey managing to take the flowers away from Happy before he tripped and broke both his and the bear's necks, he noticed Sam's reluctance to coming in with them and nodded at him, hoping the man would get over it and join them, but understanding if he chose not to. Rhodey liked Sam a lot, found him quite charming in the way he was trying to keep his distance and give respect to the almost familial reunion of Tony's closest friends, and in a way Rhodey was grateful for that. He didn't push him beyond that one smile and a subtle invitation to join them.
After they left, Tony remained alone. They explained someone would come by sometime later to check up on him and give him the pain meds Bruce had prescribed, and he saved up his defiance to taking those meds for later. The pain was good right now, strong, vivid pain was the only thing keeping him from falling asleep and dreaming again, so it was good.
He was so tired, back at the hospital. Waiting for Rhodey to return, to get in the bed beside him and brush his hair between his fingers like he used to do back in their college days, it wasn't safe to sleep, otherwise. Even when the suits guarded his door, his mind was vulnerable and feeble and easily succumbed to nightmares.
Natasha managed to squirrel away from under the pressure of the shield against her body, rolling to the side. She nursed her arm under her chest, and Steve vaguely recalled that it had broken during the invasion. "You should not be in active duty with your arm like that." He chided, expecting her to smile at him in defiance and keep the banter going, instead she pursed her lips and shot another round of electricity in his direction, which he deflected with the shield a second time.
Rhodey gritted his teeth. "Why is captain rogers on this list, Jarvis?" he may have sounded angrier than he should have. None of this was the A.I.'s fault.
He could still hear the reservation in her voice when she acknowledged him and bid him farewell. He knew there was not much he could do to keep her from getting on a plane and, even worse than that, make Rhodey come back from his mission specifically to take a peek into Tony’s life and steer him in the right direction. It was a bittersweet kind of feeling, having friends who cared about him only to disappoint them time after time. He didn’t deserve them.
"Yes Sir."
wrapped itself around his calf in its entirety: bony and long fingers wrapped around his flesh, and claws sank into his skin with enough force to injure. Tony was bare and vulnerable. Nothing to protect him, no metal suit to cocoon himself in. what was he thinking-
Neither seemed too bad, it didn't really matter now did it? Dead is dead, after all.
"Rogers couldn't finish the job himself? He sent you to do it for him?!" Tony's voice was the embodiment of terror and ice, cutting in its sharpness. All the residents of the room remained frozen as they looked between Sam – whose confusion was prominent in his eyes and Tony – whose body tensed up and looked ready to either fight or flee from the room, through the window if he had to.
Rhodey got up, his shoulders shivering and his jaw locked in a glower. He walked towards Tony slowly, anger visibly boiling under his skin. "Do you want that? Do you want him to take you again?" his voice was low and repressed, trying not to be a shout and halfway failing. "Fucking tell me now, so I won't have to put in more time of my life into saving your white, idiotic ass. I can't-"
happened back at the crash site." He said then, and Steve almost lost his footing as he finally recognized another emotion in the Colonel's eyes. Violent, unadulterated aggression. Instead, he stabilized himself, tried to keep his composure. It didn't matter, he did what he did out of love – Rhodes would understand that the rest of the Avengers would understand that he really had no other choice, there was
Tony bit down the words he wanted to say, instead blinking the tears away from his eyes, "Ok, Steve… I… I'm sorry."
But then Tony said his name again, and he was straining his neck to find Steve's gaze, and the spark of brilliance was still there. It wasn't lost yet. Tony was not dead yet. He could still have him, for the first and last time. Steve never got to say goodbye to the people he lost. He was never able to get closure with Bucky, and Peggy, the Howling Commandos…or Howard… with Tony he still had that option. He could make their final moments together meaningful
Without saying a thing right then, he fired up his jetpack and spread the EXO-7 wings and left the Avengers standing in the street, each in their own form of struggle against the part of them that couldn't accept it completely.
Rhodes was chewing on his lower lip, his stance slumped a bit at the last words Steve said, and so Steve knew he hit the spot he needed to hit. Rhodes couldn't imagine a world where he and Tony were not friends – Steve could, for that matter, but that had to be taken care of later. For now, the over-protective man was at Tony's side constantly, and Steve was standing in his shadow. With less time spent with Tony, a lower rank, and now this
(See the end of the chapter for
"I need you to understand… Steve, you've killed me." He said as he stepped forward, "Not just in the literal sense of the word, although I was moments away from that becoming a reality. No. You left me with a damaged brain, a weaker heart, hands that cannot work, cannot pilot my suits, cannot do anything. And all of those things are not even close to the worst of what you've done to me." He was standing just above Steve now, his hand aimed squarely at his chest. "You said you loved me, but everything you have done… from the moment we have even met points to the contrary." His voice trembled, "the first time you killed me, at the crash site… I stayed alive, and I didn't know why. But now I think it was so I could expose you for the monster you are. The second time… it was so I could stop you from hurting anyone ever again."
Captain America outfit. It wasn't Tony's design, or Shield's, for that matter. It was dark, desaturated colors and tough material, paired with a re-colored shield. Instead of being inspiring and patriotic, it now seemed nationalistic and menacing. The colors were of an unpleasant palette, designed to cause uneasiness in those who laid eyes on it.
Bruce flinched uncomfortably and Thor moved to his front as if to shield him from Rhodes' scrutiny. "your words are unnecessarily hostile, my friend." He said, "We are all looking for a satisfactory explanation-"
One final deep breath before Steve was starting to recover, Tony matched his stare as he raised his head to look at him, pain and betrayal in his eyes.
"I just… he suddenly started shaking, thrashing all over the place." Steve murmured, "I tried to keep him calm and used too much force when I kept him from climbing-- falling off the bed—and the stitches just tore." A guilty undertone slithered into his voice as Tony's body reacted to his words by giving another intense shudder, "the oxygen mask fell when I tried…" another shudder, Tony moved his head slightly to the side and if even possible, the creases in his brow deepened even further.
Then he met Steve Rogers, Captain America - which Sam could still just barely believe, and only because he'd met and fought alongside the man who was really so different from how a ten years old Sam imagined him - and was recruited into the team as a reserve member after the misadventure in Washington, forming a tight and close friendship with the Super Soldier and the Super-Spies of the group. The three – including Clint, whom he met on his first official Avengers mission after Washington - provided a familiar setting in a group of gods, monsters, and super-geniuses, turning out to be the most normal and relatable members for the former - non-super, very human - soldier, now Avenger.
"The medical facilities at the tower are ready for you, Mr. Barton." said Jarvis through their comms, "The quinjet will take you there right now, you as well, Dr. Banner, Mr. Odinson and Mr. Wilson." The AI's voice was as calm as ever, it was hard to tell if it was agitated or even sad about them not finding Tony.
Despite his feeling of helplessness, Rhodey managed to chuckle. "You know me so well, Jarv. Turn on the Jacuzzi jets, then."
There's some medical lingo I probably got wrong, I tried fixing some of the mistakes I made in the first chapter regarding anatomy and other stuff, please use suspended belief sparingly.
, to be there? I will sooner lose my mind. Jim, what if it was you in my place?"
(See the end of the chapter for
It was a nice little break from dark thoughts and hallucinations he knew were lurking back inside his head, it kept away the nagging little thought about maybe still not having awakened from his sleep. Being able to answer the nurses' questions put him at ease, at least somewhat. He could recall memories, numbers, and equations. Numbers and words didn't mingle or got confused, memories were not erratic or fogged before the attack and those after it might not have been vivid, but did exist.
The words on the screen told him help was coming, and filled with calculations of the chances of him being rescued in the next few moments. Tony wondered what variables his AI was using, and considered making a snide remark about it being arbitrary and without cause – but he was just too tired to do that, and wanted nothing but to get under the layers of blankets and drown in their comfort again, forget that he'd ever heard what was going on out there and gotten his hopes up.
"…see how he is." Steve earned a tired smile from Bruce.
Tony smiled at him cryptically. "Do you trust me?" When Rhodey just stared at him, his face fell, and instead of Rhodey he looked at some random spot behind him, "Please, honey-bear, do you?"
Morning brought with it harsh sunbeams that shone through the glass windows of his home, the unpleasant sensation of sweaty skin rubbing against leather, and Jarvis’ voice reading aloud the weather forecast. Opening his eyes slowly, Tony found himself hugging his knees to his chest. There were red, blotchy scratch marks and deep crescent shapes decorating his skin where he sunk his nails into it during the night. The exhaustion and ache still lingered.
Just as he was drifting away and giving up the notion of ever breathing again, Steve let go and placed the oxygen mask back on his nose and mouth, Tony was almost drinking down his shallow breathes of air, trying desperately to find a normal pace so he didn't even notice as Steve turned to face the nurse that came into the room in haste and told her to call Bruce, gesturing at the opened, bleeding wound on Tony's thigh. He couldn't comprehend what he was saying, just saw the worried look and the nod the nurse pointed at him before leaving the room again.
Had the cabin survived it’s meeting with the Avengers, and not demolished thoughtlessly, Steve could have taken Bucky there, to be secure and taken care of, just like planned by him and Tony before everything went bad.
He watched the small screen with the rapidly changing numbers, indicating the quick descent through the floor of the tower until he finally arrived at the workshop. It took less than a minute, but felt way longer than that as the anxiety rose in him, enforced by the enclosed, small space. Tony blinked when Jarvis finally proclaimed his arrival at the workshop, reminded himself that it was not the same, not the same place, not the same room, and not the same situation. He wasn't sick and weak and defenseless, not anymore, never.
Slowly, I opened the door quietly so he wouldn't hear me. I watched as Steve cried and hugged the punching bag. He was so cute. I melted at the sight of him.
All of a sudden, a DM came through from a fan. He was conflicted whether to look at it or not because Tony said some fans were crazy. Taking his chances he decided to read it.
Silently, Tony uncrossed his legs and leaned forward. He cautiously pulled the Captain's head in, tightly coiling his arms around his neck.
"I guess this is how I died huh..." the real Tony thought to himself. He watched as Tony breathed heavily before saying something.
An hour later, Steve was taught about 'likes,' 'followers,' 'hearts,' 'stories,' and other features of Instagram.
"What's this?" Steve asked, pointing to the weird machine in front of him.
"There's no need to Tony. We're done," a woman firmly said as she slapped some cash down onto the table. Tony's body softened and looked at her with a shock-stricken face.
So that what Tony did. He sighed out loud before stepping into the machine. He looked back before closing the door and instantly he was pulled into a matrix. He glanced quickly at his watch. 1:00pm.
"Then you shouldn't leave it carelessly around the house then."
I'm going back.
"Tony."
"Did you know?"
Steve turned around and looked hopeful through his tear-stained eyes.
I felt my phone ringing in my pocket and looked down at the caller I.D. I never thought this person would call me again.
"2 months." Natasha said. I was surprised, I didn't realised I was out for that long. I felt a pang of sadness to know that Steve wasn't here. Maybe he really didn't care...
I walked down towards the gym that I made for Steve and stopped outside the door. I smiled but then my smile dropped as I heard a muffled cry instead of bags being punched.
"I c-can't do this Pep. I can't! I caused him pain and sadness, how can I call myself a friend to Tony?"
Steve tried to reach for the ring again but Natasha was too quick.
"Steve," she nodded, "Tony's really sick."
"Stark. This is Captain Steve Rogers. Captain. Tony Stark."
Tony is smiling at him, far too gently, with far too much understanding, and with far too much love. It’s shameful to admit it, even to himself, but when Tony’s starts to rub his back? Steve feels his legs turn to water. How he stays standing as Tony speaks is beyond Steve’s understanding.
There’s so much Tony wants to say. So much he wants to express. But he just doesn’t know how. How can he tell Steve that this feels surreal? Like a dream he never wants to wake up from? That if he could, this is the moment he’d stop time. That every decision he’s made, good and bad, have led him to this moment. And there’s nothing he’d change because he gets to be with Steve like this.
Next to him, Tony shuffles in place. Steve forces himself not to turn around and see what Tony’s doing. He also tells himself to stay calm and stop being paranoid because just because he’s got his back turned to Tony, doesn’t mean he’s up to no good.
Cap and Iron Man.” Miles says. Sam nods in agreement
Tony’s aura is bright with happiness. It’s not an emotion that’s been directed his way, from Tony, for
“We absolutely will.” Carol gives Rhodey a quick fistbump. “First chance we get.”
This might be more complicated than she’d realized.
Kamala thinks helplessly.
Steve’s lashes are slightly wet when he blinks. He raises their linked fingers together to kiss Tony’s knuckles and tells him, “Lead the way.”
And now that he pays attention to it, doesn’t Tony’s signature look a little bit off? Steve turns to his computer and quickly pulls up a sample of Tony’s handwriting. He compares the two examples and realizes that yeah, this is a decent copy but clearly a forgery.
Steve and Tony have totally forgotten that she’s there. Which, she can understand. Afterall, she’s supposed to be passed out. But it seems like they’ve also forgotten that they’re in a public place. Any second now, a nurse or doctor could open the curtains and see two of the most famous Avengers canoodling!
Tony’s face softens in pleasure, the heat in his eyes transforming into something more hungry. Steve’s stomach twists itself into a knot. A small voice in his head is yelling in confused distress because Tony needs to stop looking at him like he cares about Steve when he’s done tons to prove otherwise. Then there’s the louder voice in his head scrambling for an explanation as to why Tony’s looking at him with rising lust. And there’s also that despairing whisper in the back of his mind what’s pleading in an ever growing voice, saying,
and makes their cocks drag together.
He feels warmth rise up his neck when Rhodey pats him on the back, “Same. I’m happy for you two.”
Unfortunately, it doesn’t completely work. Carol still demands some answers. Tony doesn’t give her all the details but he at least explains what’s been going on between him and Steve for the past few months.
the dirty plates to the dishwasher and starts racking them up.
Tony’s talking to one of the SHIELD agents, who is fiddling with the device in their hands. And then Tony looks up and freezes. He’s got his helmet on so Kamala can’t be sure but he seems surprised by something. She follows his line of sight. There’s a blond SHIELD agent chasing after a rabbit, a bald agent passing by with a couple of bags in his hand, and Cap and Steve Rogers talking. Kamala’s not entirely sure which of the three sights has caused Tony to freeze.
to show his appreciation for this small show of help.
The fond amusement in FRIDAY’s voice is mirrored deep inside of him and Steve has to fight down the urge to smile. Tony forgets everything whenever he’s in the middle of a particularly engaging project. One time, years ago, when Tony had been working on his armor, Steve had done a little dance in Tony’s line of sight and Tony had been none the wiser.
So when she plops down next to him saying, “So. I need some advice.” Tony doesn’t think anything of it.
“Jesus. You’re so
if he can help it. Because if he starts talking with Tony about the gorgon’s knot that is their friendship? There’s going to be so much screaming and yelling and accusation hurling. And frankly, Steve doesn’t have the time, the emotional capacity,
As he comes out of his thoughts, he hears Sam saying, “But now that you’re here, we should be okay.”
, flashes through Steve’s eyes before he plants his hands on Tony’s hips and drags him closer, letting their dicks drag against each in sweet friction. The electrifying touch, and the fact that Steve’s dick is
“You’d think that super villains and terrorists would take December off like the rest of us decent folk,” Steve’s saying. “Earliest I can take some time off is next week.”
He wants to bang his head into the counter because seriously?
“Isn’t it too soon?” Steve groans, biting his bottom lip when Tony’s lips kiss his jugular. Pride rushes through him at the whimper that slips through Steve’s defences.
Kamala bites her tongue to keep from letting out an embarrassing noise. Tony sounds so
However, this is a rare first date where Tony doesn’t have to do that. He doesn’t have to be careful with his words or his actions. He can be himself.
! The way Steve looked at Tony when he was walking away!”
Closing his eyes, Steve holds onto the fantasy of when Thor will return with Loki in tow and Tony will turn back into his handsome human self. And
Steve re-reads the opening paragraph before his eyes slip down to the bottom of the page to check Tony’s signature. It’s there, in all its swoopy glory. Next, Steve picks up the envelope and double checks the return address. It’s got Tony’s address on there. The postmark on the front says it was mailed near the Avengers hanger in New Jersey as well.
While Toni is mentally screaming at Rhodey to stay quiet, Carol and Sam metaphorically pounce on the man.
“Since when?”
“You okay?” Steve asks with a concerned frown.
A clumsy touch against his hip draws Steve out of his fantasies. He glances down and sees Tony’s hand wrapping around his dick. Looking back up, Tony’s sleepy gaze finds him.
With a deeply sour expression, Sam tells him, “Of course we do but this isn’t a regular love spell. There are no protocols for a situation where someone’s romantic inhibitions go “poof!” and if they aren’t near the person they like, they might die!”
Tony thinks, exhaling a shaky breath when Steve kisses
While sleeping, Steve runs hot and usually winds up dumping half the bedding to the floor without fail. What this tends to mean is that when he has a nightmare about being trapped in the ice, he’ll wake up feeling cold as well, goosebumps all over his body, and will blindly pull the blankets back up to cover his shivering body. Sure he could ask JARVIS to just raise the room temperature but… somehow that feels like it would be losing the fight. Don't ask him what fight though because he doesn't know.
Steve groans into his ear as he comes, hot come splashing onto Tony’s stomach. As he lies there in his bed, with 200 plus pounds of super soldier panting on top of him, Tony knows he’s never going to forget a moment of this. Not a single damn detail.
First dates, in Tony’s opinion, are nerve-wracking. It’s a delicate dance between two personalities. Constant risk mitigation where you question how much of yourself to show, where to draw the line, what is acceptable? You have to stay on your toes. You have to be careful. And in Tony’s case, he has to maintain a certain facade. And most people expect Tony Stark, the superhero, playboy, billionaire to be their date.
Tony tries to telegraph through his glare.
“Something on your mind, Kamala?”
“And there’s also the fact that Steve Rogers isn’t even part of the Avengers these days.” Sam helpfully points out. “Where’s SHIELD based right now?”
They only break eye contact when Sam grabs Steve by the arm, saying, “When you said you guys have talked it out, I didn’t expect
Rhodey’s smirks. “I think I might know...”
Tony drops his head into his hands and groans. He can’t
Tony’s insistence that he wants to suck Steve’s dick only leads to Steve yanking his body around so that he can have his head up between Tony’s legs, which makes Tony’s fingers wander around to squeeze Steve’s ass, which makes Steve’s lips wrap around Tony’s dick, so on, so forth. It’s one orgasm after another. It’s merciless, the way they move together, demanding pleasure. Tony’s hunger feels like a bottom-less pit; it doesn’t matter how hard he holds onto Steve, it just doesn’t feel enough. Sure when Steve knots him it cools the fire in Tony’s belly but it’s temporary. As soon as Steve’s knot deflates, Tony wants again.
you propose to me?”
not to let the tears fall. Blinking, Tony peers at the candle flame and says, voice cracking at the end, “You remembered.”
“Yeah.” Tony shuffles a couple of inches over to stand in front of the stove and Steve happily follows, causing the other man to chuckle. “I never thought you’d be such a cuddle bear.”
“That wasn’t your choice to make,” Steve points out.
Here’s the thing about his current relationship with Tony. Steve never means for their conversations to turn into bitter arguments. He keeps aiming for detached professionalism but Tony will say something that’ll rile Steve up and the next thing he knows, they’re snarling at each other.
“Apparently I can’t teach DUM-E spatial awareness,” Steve points out glumly as he takes a cookie for himself.
“When I propose to you, you’ll know. I’ll go down on one knee and everything,” Steve points out, a touch huffy because he’s a traditionalist in that way. He won’t be anything but crystal clear when he proposes.
Unfortunately, he doesn’t manage to intimidate Rhodey. In fact, Rhodey seems amused by his scowling and by Carol and Sam’s unbridled curiosity.  “Let’s just say Tony’s love life is going to get a lot more lively.”
See what he meant about forgiveness being an area he needs to work on? Anger is so much easier to depend on because there’s a deep well of hurt underneath it. All the times Tony’s betrayed his trust, turned his back on Steve, the lack of regret on Tony’s part. What else can Steve be except bitter and angry?
unfortunately, has happened quite a few times before but Steve's still talking. “I don’t know how but he broke his arm! It was hanging all limp and I couldn’t fix it and I just left him there. I shouldn’t have but JARVIS said it was better to wait for you but I thought you’d be mad that I hurt him and-”
On the screen, Horatio Caine is examining the scene of the crime. It’s the start of the show so that means, any second now, he’s going to make a God awful pun that on any other day would make Tony groan before he tries to steal the remote away from Steve because
Tony shakes his head. “If I’d chosen the anti-registration side, then things would have gone a lot worse than they did. You didn’t see th-”
! I told you I want to be with you! I meant it!”
Tony had wanted to sweep the building but Cap had rejected the idea.
“Despite everything that’s happened,” Tony whispers, “I still care too damn much about you, Steve. And if you keep looking at me like that… I don’t know what I’ll do.”
Turning to Sam, the last sane person on the table, Tony pleads, “Talk some sense into them. Please!”
An echo of something shattering rings inside Steve’s skull. The shards bounce around with Tony’s confession, neatly missing the slots that’ll take this information to the proper parts of Steve’s brain for processing. Or maybe some of Tony’s words
Before Tony can say anything, Steve tosses the device at the man. Tony opens his hands, ready to catch. Steve’s heart races as the phone lands in Tony’s hands.
“I’m just doing him a favor, ma’am.” Steve is quick to point out.
Steve lets out a questioning hum because that’s all he can manage right now.
me. I’m already wooed.”
Clapping Sam’s shoulder, Steve says, loud enough for his voice to carry over to Tony, “I’ll tell you about it later. Right now, I’ve got a date to get ready for.”
A lifetime ago, back when he was young and foolish, he’d nurtured a tender hope that maybe, perhaps, if he waited and played his cards right, his friendship with Tony could be more. But now there is only bitterness. So much love turned sour because Tony doesn't love him the way Steve loves him. All his wildest hopes and dreams have turned to bitter ash thanks to Tony’s betrayals. Like green tea leaves steeped too long out of a misplaced understanding of how tea is brewed, his love is not palatable anymore.
“Didn’t want to guilt trip you into it,” Sam sighs.
Nodding, Steve lies back down, this time with his sheets in tow. As he rearranges them over his body, Tony slides off Steve’s lap and sits primly next to Steve’s pillow, observing Steve work. Once he’s satisfied, Steve turns to eye Tony, asking aloud, “You gonna sleep too?”
If he’s completely honest? Steve’s thought a lot about this moment. Before, when he’d been coming to terms with his feelings about Tony, he’d tried to visualize what it would be like, being in bed with Tony. He’d struggled to form a complete picture. The dates, he could imagine easily enough. Thinking about lying on a couch and lazily making out with Tony had sounded amazing. But the sex? Steve had floundered.
“Being a futurist doesn’t put you on the same level as a clairvoyant, Tony.” Steve nods over at the stove. “You couldn’t even tell you were going to burn the eggs.”
Helplessly happy, Tony wraps his clumsy hands around Steve and holds him tight.
Steve ignores the knots tightening in his chest as he croaks out, “
train left the station a long time ago.”
“You’re the north star guiding me home,” Steve tells Tony, delighted and humbled by the sudden happiness that immediately shines on Tony’s face. “I could never get tired of you.”
“Since I met you.”
Carol snorts at that, loud and disbelieving. Steve flounders in uncertain waters as Tony shoots the blonde woman a faux wounded look. Is Tony... flirting with him? Can’t be. Steve’s got to be misreading things, right? Sure, Tony’s prone to calling him all sorts of nicknames. But... it’s been years since Tony’s done that. That’s not how their relationship
anymore. There’s no room for teasing nicknames or light-hearted jokes. Least of all something like ‘darling.’
“Hard to say really. I imagine it’ll take at least a week in this realm. That should translate to a few weeks on Earth. Two months on the outside.”
Grinning, Tony happily obliges, pushing his jacket off to the floor. Another few steps back. Tony turns them around so that he’s leading, grinning as he says, “I know the way.”
Tony swallows. His eyes fall shut, brow twisting into a pain expression before he whispers, “I’ll think you love me back.”
!” Tony exclaims, “I swear!”
“That’s the thing isn’t it. ‘If we wanted to.’ ”
A bead of sweat forms on Steve’s forehead. “Why would you say that?” he says far too quickly. “Nothing’s broken. Everything’s fine. Just fine.”
“But...” Kamala looks up at Tony now. The pained, gentle look in Tony’s blue eyes almost brings her tears back. “You guys were the dream team! The best of the Avengers! The
Tony immediately moves to sit next to her. She pushes her open book towards him, pointing at one of the problems as she explains, “I’ve been trying to figure this out but I keep messing up in my calculations.”
(This also means
Sam’s contemplatively staring at Tony. It’s a little unnerving. “Is it someone we know?” The man asks.
tickets, the dinner at Steve’s favorite restaurant, and making love until dawn. There went a
“Why not?” Kamala asks plaintively. She’d thought that Tony would jump at the opportunity to be friends with Steve again.
There’s a beat before Miles quietly says, “Kinda puts a damper on making superheroing a career, doesn’t it?”
“Huh?” Tony asks, blinking in confusion. “Italian?”
She can’t stop thinking about her conversation with Tony. So much so that she’s distracted during the team’s training and she knows it. When Cap sternly tells her she needs to be better, she keeps her eyes trained on a spot over Cap’s left shoulder and nods tightly.
. We’re almost there. Just around the corner.”
Steve laughs in response. His voice is low and husky when he says, “Fair. Maybe what you need is the right incentive to avoid taking on big risks.”
about that. I… I never meant to hurt you but I did and… I’m sorry. I can’t say that enough.”
Tony nods stiffly and walks away from Cap, who sighs deeply before heading in Vision’s direction. As she watches Tony walk towards them, Kama tries to imagine what it must have felt like being in Tony’s shoes when the SHRA was happening. And try as she might, she really can’t. She doesn’t think she could do anything like he’d done. Sure she’s had her fair share of arguments with friends but she can’t think of a time where they’d disagreed so hard that the friendship had dissolved.
Cap’s jogging up to Iron Man, calling out his name. Tony stops, turns around, and waits for Cap to catch up. Kamala wonders what they’re talking about because Tony’s body goes stock still for a minute before he relaxes. Steve shoots a longing glance over at Cap and Iron Man before he turns his back to them, moving towards the nearest SHIELD agent.
It’s an innocent looking thing. Crisp white. A commercial envelope; long and rectangular in shape. But the fact that it’s from Tony Stark? It may as well be a bomb with Steve’s name on it.
All the signs point towards the fact that this letter has indeed been sent by Tony. But the words... they don’t sound like Tony.
wasn’t a good sound. “Okay. You-you do what you need to do to take the edge off. With yourself.”
before he realizes what Tony’s done. It’s a dismissal.
. He can only stand there, staring stupidly at Tony with half-formed denials stumbling into each other.
Tony can’t help but snort. “We’ve been in a bad place for years now Sam. If there was any salvaging this friendship, it would have happened by now.”
fatalistic and depressed and makes an attempt at being hopeful. It
But he’s managed to reserve a private table at this Japanese restaurant Tony remembers Steve loving. In fact, his assistant went above and beyond and found him two tickets to a performance showcase show by the Philharmonic. He’s promised her a hefty Christmas bonus for that incredible feat because the show had sold out weeks ago! He’s not sure what magic she’d used but he’s grateful for it.
do that to Tony, Morgan, Pepper. He won’t be that selfish, not again. So instead he’s left cradling his bleeding heart in his hands, hoping… hoping… God. Steve doesn’t even know what he wants anymore.
Steve wastes a good thirty minutes trying to find a secret message but there’s nothing to indicate Tony’s written this letter under duress. Which leads to a more chilling possibility: mind control.
Steve pulls up with a pop, hair disheveled, eyes bright, and lips swollen. Tony blinks at the sight of him, taken aback by the wave of lust before he processes what just happened.
He realizes he's made a mistake when a sleepy “merp?” comes from the cat bed tucked between the wall and his dresser.
He can’t help but smile up at Steve, who is patting Tony down for the car keys. “I know what I’m saying to you,
HOLY SHIT!
Steve’s handsome face twists into a pained grimace. “What about early?”
“I’m the luckiest man alive,” Tony murmurs into Steve’s warm hand, opening his eyes to peer up at Steve.
Steve stares at his own reflection in the mirror, catches sight of a few fading marks on his body, and grins. There are no words for his happiness and how deep it goes. Steve floats his way to the kitchen, making a bee-line to Tony, who is cracking eggs into a bowl.
. This is! This is
is what he’s wanted tonight to be. Just them, alone, loving each other. It’s a far cry from him more elaborate plans but Tony’ll be happy with achieving 33% of his goals. He ignores his aches and bruises, instead focusing on running feather light touches up and down Steve’s sides, teasing him until their hips grind insistently together. Tony’s a second away from flipping Steve over on his back and sucking him off when someone knocks on the door.
"People are already calling us out for lying to the public about his whereabouts, to them no statement at all
"We couldn't reach you- Tony is missing, someone took him from his hospital bed." He said, hand tightening on Steve's shoulder in camaraderie. "It's a whole mess. The team is torn apart, Rhodes still thinks you did it, nothing we said reached him. I…" he looked at Steve with soft eyes, "I am so sorry, but I have to ask, Steve…"
. wasn't insane, wasn't dreaming. Reciting the things Ste-Rogers said to him again and again until Bruce became disgruntled and left the room in a hurry, a green glint visible in his eye.
Afterwards, he found Steve standing in the seating area, looking sternly at the window. The man didn't even turn to greet him when he came close but crossed his hands – somewhat defensive, Bruce thought – under his chest.
"Since Shield fell no one has Steve's DNA on file. The risk that it would be stolen and used to create more super-soldiers is always there, so no one documented it." Bruce said quietly, "The sample we collected… after… it didn't match Human DNA, but it didn't match the samples we collected from the invaders either."
"Rogers did this to me!" Tony all but screamed, startling all of them as he shook away Pepper's hand on his shoulder, "he did… and he keeps… doing it when I sleep, and now he sends his friends to do it instead! He won't stop!" Tony looked genuinely frightened, but not in a panic, not unfocused. "Make them go away, Please honey... please make him..." Tony was making himself smaller with every word, covering his head with his arms and folding his knees until he was curled into an almost perfect ball. the small sphere whirred over his head like a fussy mother, it's limited intelligence enough to recognize his distress.
"Oh, hey Steve." Bruce smiled, "here to see Tony? he is resting right now but I'm sure Clint and Nat would appreciate the company."
"Don't worry, Tony…" he heard Steve by his ear, "Don't worry, baby… I know it hurts but you are strong. Made of Iron." Steve's hand trailed a path across Tony's chest as he tensed at the words, unsure if Steve knew of their meaning to him. The light touch on his skin was nothing compared to how the resurfacing memories made him feel small and brittle. Steve then told him quietly of his childhood, how he coped with his sickness with no machines, no miracle medicine until the serum came along. He coped because he had to, didn't have the privilege Tony had all of his life with excellent health care and the best hospitals.
The thought had lingered on his mind since the moment Bruce told him Tony was alive. His fingers twitched where they rested on his thigh and he groaned, the feel of Tony's skin under them still fresh in his memory. He craved that feeling again, and for a moment was glad that he'd have another opportunity at it, now that Stark was confirmed to be still living, even if Steve could not find hope within itself for it to last.
Sam shook his head, clutching his hand over his phone. "He went after a hot trail for Bucky two days ago, he is never very approachable at times like that, you know." The way his brow crumpled as the words left his mouth was full of irritation that was not often found on Sam's face, not when it came to Steve. He was usually happy to accept the man's actions and support them, even stupid ones. He sometimes turned snappy about it and had that look that made her think he was judging everyone for their idiotic behavior, but more often than not – he'd join the same idiotic behavior, and have fun with it too.
An hour later he got the call from Clint. They were wrong – he said, and Sam didn't understand at first – what were they wrong about? Clint told him to come to the tower, that he just had to see to understand.
Thor was the only one who'd been talking that entire time, his voice was gentle and not booming like usual – even he looked deeply disturbed and a bit lost. She tuned in to the conversation – a telling of an ancient Asgardian tale Thor hoped would give the others some profound message that would make it all better. It was a nice story, telling of the Dwarves and their mighty forges in Nidavellir. Clearly, in honor of their own Blacksmith/Mechanic, he recounted the many mighty weapons made at their forges, including his own Mjolnir, and wondered aloud if perhaps Tony would like to see those forges when he got better.
"Oh? Don't you usually go with him on those trips?" she smiled softly at him, tilting her head to try and catch any discomfort he might exhibit on his face.
Steve sighed in disappointment, with the tone of resignation mothers often have when their children misbehave. "If I have to force-feed you, I swear to god, Tony. I will." His hand rubbed Tony's shoulder where it was bruised an ugly purple and blue, it was the one that got dislocated when Steve had his way with him the first time and was not healing very well due to his constant movement required for his protection against further attempts. Tony gritted his teeth and hissed at the added pressure, feeling the taste of bile on his tongue. At that moment Steve shoved his fingers into his mouth and pried open Tony's jaw, which in turn allowed him enough time to feed him from the canister of soup. After he perceived the desired amount was placed in Tony's mouth cavity, and while completely ignoring his flailing body, held Tony's jaw closed and with his other hand blocked his nostrils until he swallowed. The food in his mouth mixed with the bile that rose as he gagged on it, unable to open his mouth to let it all out, and not able to breathe at all either, Tony worked his throat in attempts to swallow down the entire disgusting mix without gagging again.
His father created the monster that plagued his dreams. Clearly his life was more fucked up than he could ever have imagined.
Bruce was on the verge. He had been for several days now. Always looking over his shoulder and dreading the moment someone would come up behind him and spook him bad enough for him to unravel. He was waiting for a disaster to happen, hovered by the hulk-proof chambers Tony had created just to accommodate him in an hour of need, and suppressed it. It wasn't time, there wasn't time for him to lose control. Every single tick unnerved him, and there were so many of them lately.
It was hard to breathe again despite the aide the machine provided. Steve implored him to relax, he didn't want to feel like he was doing this with a corpse, like before. That was the point.
"Tony, it's okay… It's not your fault, I'm not angry. It's okay." He whispered, trying as he could to sound comforting and calm. He climbed the bed to get his arms wrapped around Tony's midsection and as he pulled him in he could smell the strong stench of piss on him, and reprimanded himself for not thinking about letting the man go to the bathroom when he first got there. Now it was too late. He let Tony's limp head rest against his chest and stroked his damp hair, whispering encouragement and promises to take better care of him, to get him back to his normal state so they can go back and be happy, have another opportunity. He knew Tony wanted that – normalcy- again, just as much as he did, he wanted to go back to what was before, what could have been.
WTF @me @PunyBanner
One final tug on his leg pulled him further down, a long and bony arm wrapped around his midsection to assist the other one, and the last traces of oxygen Tony managed to preserve was gone as he was pulled  towards the dark depths of the ocean.
"Alert. Model 'BumbleBee' XLII disabled. Perimeter breached. Life sign designated: 'Sir' – not found. Alert…"
A finger on his chin compelled him to look back at Steve, a nudge of his oxygen mask to open his eyes.
decision as long as he is awake and his mind is clear, and you will respect it."
He wiped Tony's face from the sweat that clung to it from before, his gaze hovering over his fluttering eyelids and the troubled creases between his eyebrows, taking them in with a sad smile. bad dreams again – if he only he let him, Steve would've made them go away, Tony could've been sated and relaxed instead of wallowing in this miserable existence.
When he finally gave up, tears of frustration found their way from his eyes. In the end, he stepped out of the bathroom, still covered in salt and sand.
Go Rhodey!!
Natasha moved aside as Clint attached one of his explosive arrows to the wood, and the both of them took cover as it blew away most of the façade. The metal wall beneath the rotten wood was left completely unscathed by the explosion, not a scratch or a scorch mark left on it.
"No, it's okay. I think I'm going to stay somewhere else for a few days, doesn't seem like I'm welcome at the tower right now. If… if there's new information about Tony you will tell me, right?" Steve hoped Sam would take the request as something normal, a tell of Steve's inclination to help them if they would let him, maybe it would even throw off their suspicion, now that he and Sam talked. If Sam actually gave him information later that would be a nice bonus, a good way to make sure the Avengers stayed away until Tony was ready to go back. When Sam smiled back he hugged his friend, knowing he wouldn't be able to see him for a while and bid him farewell.
Rhodes' eyes widened, his brow risen and creased. "It's barely been a
Tony bit down and gritted his teeth, trying to stop more voices from coming out. as far as Steve was concerned, physical reaction meant he was enjoying this, meant that it wasn't against what Tony wanted. Even if the reaction was completely imaginary – even if Steve was making it up to rationalize the rape.
Hey guys, so sorry for the late update. I've been swamped with assignments and homework so I had to put fanfiction on hiatus for a while. I am still swamped, and the semester is just now coming to an end (it began late) so there are a lot of big projects and tests that I am currently working on, but I do intend to finish this story, so stay tuned. :)
Bruce knew how the two of them acted around each other, and he was privy to many hours of Tony ranting on and on about the captain. Clearly, there was something between them – even if they were as oblivious as blind moles about it. He breathed in again and took back his hand away from where it rested on Tony's arm. "How much of what happened did you witness?"
Three hours later, Bruce turned green – sickly green, rather than the other kind. He stared at the hologram re-enactment, the figure in a mask throwing a gas grenade into the ward and forcing all of the residents to leave the premises or lose consciousness before stepping up to face one, and then suddenly two more Iron man suits. He watched as the man managed to disable one of the suits by ripping out the arc reactor with just his gloved hand before getting thrown into the room Tony was in, followed by the suits which he then disassembled deliberately and cruelly with only little struggle. About in the middle of the ripping apart of the last suit – the scene stopped with a screech, only to then loop back to the beginning to start anew.
He didn't get a chance to do either.
, completely defeated. "So, is it time for the happy drugs yet?" Tony barely exhaled the words, shook visibly and winced as he offered his hand for Bruce to inject with painkillers. He looked like an old, abused animal, none of the grandeur and dazzle he used to practically ooze out of every pore in his body was present now.
Suddenly a hand roughly met with his chest, pinning him down as another went to his pelvic area, pushing his body down against the bed. Tony couldn't scream, he could barely make a coherent sound as his throat felt constricted – like something was lodged in it.
The look in Rhodes' eyes changed, softened and dampened for a moment before hardening yet again, his fists were shaking in complete contrast to the rest of his steady body as he stared at Steve in silent dismay. Eventually, his fists unclenched and he crossed his arms over his chest defensively. "Tony told me all about what he
They separated when Tony gasped for breath, his eyes opening too wide and too suddenly as he turned and coughed, his healthy hand rushing to his neck. Perhaps signaling to Steve that his limit was reached, but still not wanting to use his words. Between remorse and a silent treatment - it started to look more and more like the second option but Steve was willing to grant Tony the benefit of the doubt after sharing such an intimate moment.
Tony shut off his StarkPad and set it aside, pulling the sheet above his head so he could just barely hear Bruce gentle, soft voice anymore until it was gone, and everything else was gone too. His eyes burned – maybe he was crying; it seemed appropriate for how alone and helpless he felt.
Rhodey then did turn to look at Steve. His stance bold and steady. "He is here to see his friend after a very long and painful separation, so we are bending the rules a little, a friendly visit could help James get better." He said softly, then turned to smile at her. "It's for Mr. Barnes, Ma'am. Not for anyone else."
‘Sorry about these,’ Steve says. A sharp tug at the strap around his wrist. ‘Nightmares or something, I suppose, you wouldn’t stop struggling.’
"Pepper, I'm sorry, but I know what Tony's going through better than you do." Ms. Potts is silent then, the argument apparently won.
‘Jesus. Fuck.’ Tony has no better words. He gets up, steps closer to the windows, examining the sight before him like if he looks close enough he’ll spot some sign of life. ‘What happened?’
"Yeah, Tony. I - I'm okay." By sheer force of will, he manages to get the words out. He doesn't actually feel all that okay, but Tony’s tight grip on his hand and look of fear has Steve rushing to calm him anyway he can. Tony slumps then, breathing out all at once. He looks at Steve and the glisten to Tony’s eyes attract all of his attention, everything else fading away. Tony’s still holding his hand, but the grip has loosened a bit, with a softer touch.
He imagines the look on Steve’s face. Resentment maybe, or the simple disappointment of someone who expected no less.
Tick, tick, tick. The clock across the room gets louder and louder. Counting the seconds because he’s not tired anymore, he can’t sleep, he can’t move. He can only wait and count and lose count and start over.
'What for?' Tight, urgent. Tony pictures the words through tightly clenched teeth.
Everyone that matters.
‘You think you’re going to convince me to join Hydra if you threaten to kill me?
A hot flush floods Steve’s face as he suddenly notices he’s still holding Tony’s hand with his uninjured one. But he doesn’t release it. Carefully, so carefully, he squeezes it; Tony doesn't squeeze back. His hand remains a warm, limp weight in Steve’s. With a shock of pain in his chest, Steve realizes that Tony might never move again. He braces against it and forces himself to speak: “I meant it. Every single word.”
A changed man who sleeps with Captain America every night. A changed man who has no intention of ever telling his partner the truth.
‘Am I what?’
Tony sees himself,
Above the humming evidence of Tony’s life, Steve hears the poorly hushed voices of Colonel Rhodes and Ms. Potts outside. He considers all the harsh words his mother once said about eavesdropping, but there’s an urgency in their tones which tempts him in.
The flickering lights of the distant alien metropolis are blurry now. He thinks for a moment that it’s a sign he's losing consciousness, before he feels the tears slide down his cheeks.
So despite his fears about Tony’s reaction and despite the pain and the sheer, unfamiliar weakness that Steve feels everywhere like a second skin but hasn’t felt since before the serum, he wills himself to sit as straight as he can in the hard plastic chair that’s pressing uncomfortably against his now-bony backside and face Tony. Chin up, shoulders back, Steve shares a gaze with the man who gave him a home and who has held his heart in his calloused hands for years: across oceans, through betrayal, through trauma and heartbreak.
The distant buzz of Extremis is still ever present in his mind, but it's faded, crackling, like the maddening hiss of a speaker that's been turned down so low that the noise is indecipherable. He feels the mud on his face and the buzz in his brain, thinks of Steve and feels like an idiot. Steve died without knowing how much Tony cares and now Tony will die without telling him. Tony is an idiot because he never learns from his mistakes.
‘Jesus, Steve. How did this happen? Ultron? Osborne? Hydra?’
'I wanted to say sorry so fucking bad, but I could never manage it. Not to your face. Not to a you who could tell me where to shove those good fucking intentions.'
He thinks maybe if he had the choice now, he would choose to live. To give Steve all he deserves. He doesn't have that choice though. He should hang up, leave it here and let Steve hate him.
Tony hasn't been safe in a long time, he's always been balanced on a cliff edge and waiting to be pushed, to fall, to pretend it was inevitable.
It’s all hands and sharp movements and the room is cold without his blanket, but Steve is warm and close and Tony is drawn into it. He feels like he is leaving his body behind. Giving himself over to Steve. It’s sloppy, unsure, Steve’s hands roaming up and down his body like he has to feel every part of him. A hand resting on his chest feelings his breath and the beat of his heart, as if to reassure himself, Tony is alive. He is alive and breathing unaided. He is alive and breathing and conscious and here beneath Steve.
‘I’m here now though,’ Steve says, the warmth in his voice unmistakable and Tony questions it all for a moment. So many thoughts and wishes of this and he’s strapped to a bed, delusional maybe. Maybe this whole thing is the last wish of his dying brain or some fucked up mind trick.
The world melts away as the ground shifts once more. Taking him deeper, he thinks at first, until it bulges and burps and pushes him away with a physical force that feels almost human. The pillowy grass becomes brittle and harsh, no longer a comfort. He finds himself on his feet, shaking slightly but undamaged, whole. Alive.
"I need to see if he---"
“Steve?” Tony’s voice croaks next to him.
‘What?’ Steve rubs his tired eyes, staggers to his feet and tries to figure out what Tony means.
“A lot of men do.” She’s dancing still, like her body isn’t part of her, like a lioness pacing her cage waiting for a meal to come.
Rocking, rocking. The world beneath him like a shadow. Okay, okay, okay; like it’s the only word he can remember. Okay, okay, okay. Just flesh and blood. Just bone and blood and flesh and - fuck, fuck, fuck.
Steve wants to say those ill timed bedside words again. It seems masochistic now though. He's lost too much to lose this friendship to his desperate romanticism.
He buries his face in the grass, feels the blades itch his nose, smells the organic must of nature. The earth shifts beneath him, moving constantly as if trying to sooth a restless infant.
They stand in the snow enjoying the city sounds and their own quiet thoughts, taking slow drags from their cigarettes like they're practicing meditation.
"Oh yeah, I am peak 'okay'. Without the suit I can hardly move a muscle below the neck, but at least my chest doesn't hurt anymore."
‘Welcome back the land of the living, Tony.’
‘How long?’
Tony snorts in disbelief. “Yeah, or maybe I should just be realistic. I didn’t expect to survive, and now— And now—”
‘You think that’s a threat? Better in a coma, better dead, than whatever you are.’
Tony's airways are getting clogged with blood and snot and he gags on it, chokes and sobs until he can manage more words. 'If I die, would you miss me?' He waits for Steve to speak this time.
‘Las Vagas,’ Steve says, simply.
He takes Tony's hand in his own. Not sure if the genius can hear him but he tries anyway.
She snorts, gets to her feet with a well practiced grace she shouldn’t have, then leans close to his ear. “Thanks,” she says, “but I’m not looking for a sugar daddy.” She wraps her hand around his still flaccid cock and pumps a few times. “What else do you want to try?”
. Jarvis points him to the master suite without question and shuffles back to his own room
He turns the shower off and stands dripping on the cold tile floor, listening to the sound of his neighbours fucking on the other side of the plasterboard walls. His life has changed, maybe, but people haven’t.
Steve tries to tell himself there is nothing to worry about. Tony is alive and warm and breathing on his own. He woke and he will wake again. That's all that matters.
His body will waste away here, only ever seen by others who are destined to die. He recalls the day they laid Steve to rest, the outpouring of love and judgement and what it felt like to see how thoroughly he'd fucked up.
He runs his fingers across the dents and scratches. Weather worn and well aged, the helmet isn’t what it used to be.
‘It’s okay, not unexpected. You’ve been out for quite some time.’
Steve smiles at him, brilliant and shocking and a hint of something smug beneath, and for a moment, Tony wonders who he’s looking at. Steve’s hand moves from Tony’s, slides across his hip and comes to rest on Tony thigh, a hair’s breadth from Tony’s dick. ‘I am more real than I have ever been, Tony. I want you to see me for who I am. See the side of my that I’ve always kept buried. I’m tired of hiding my real self from you. Please,’ he says, and it’s not begging really, or a genuine request for permission, it’s a token offered so Tony can pretend he still has some control here, ‘let me show you?’ Steve asks, and Tony nods.
Steve is trying to call him back. He allows the line to connect because he is guilty and he owes this much to Steve, so many apologies he is not strong enough to give.
Tony straightens his back, flashes a toothy grin and pulls Steve into a deeper kiss, like he doesn’t care what’s beyond that door, because he has this and nothing can take that away from him. As long as he keeps control of the urgency of his own curiosity, they will be fine.
‘What does that mean?’
Steve will wake to the news that Tony is a cheat and a woman beater. He wonders what Steve’s face will look like. Disgust and  disappointment, maybe - too kind for hatred, too good not to condemn. If he could just see Steve’s smile one more time...
He tries to call through the open door for help. Jarvis. But the mansion is too big and too empty and they are alone here in Tony’s gilded crypt. He fumbles for his phone, shaking fingers jabbing at the buttons.
Even now, Tony is a coward.
He looks at her sweat and spit smeared face, overdone makeup notable even in the half light. The patch worn carpet where she kneels, has kneeled, will kneel is puke green and feels as coarse as Tony’s insides do.
But someone has to keep the devils in check.
Feels Tony’s pulse and lets some of the tension drain away. Touches Tony, remembers his fantasies from earlier tonight and feels wrong for it. Tony is still and quiet and none of that carefree hedonist remains in this shell of a man.
He smiles a little. Steve is too busy to notice. He lets his soft focus on the worlds drift away. He could sleep maybe. He wonder is Steve would stop. If he fell asleep? If he screamed and cried? If he died? He’d keep going even then, maybe, because Tony’s not so different from a corpse these days and Steve doesn’t seem to care.
The noise quiets, the light dims. He settles into his own body again. Thoughts lapse like waves, a crash of anxiety and then calm again. Where, when, how. Steve.
His eyes water.
that anyone notices there once was.
‘They did this?’
Tony tugs lightly on the bonds, a gentle reminder that he can’t participate in this properly, but Steve is in his own world. He touches Tony, watches Tony, feels Tony, but Tony feels like Steve never sees him at all. Like he wants so much he’s going to take it no matter what, and Tony wants to ask him to stop just to see if he will. But of course he would; he’s Captain America.
Her voice chases him down the hall. “Fuck you! I know who you are, Tony Stark. I’m friends with an editor at the Bugle and you bet he’s going to hear about this.”
Around them, people start to gather, Steve can hear Bucky and Sam, Pepper and Rhodey.
‘Where to?’ Tony asks.
He gets a drink and takes a seat, shotguns the double whiskey like it’s lemonade and lathers himself with the stupor of distraction.
Tony wonders what drives this Steve. What makes Tony so important to Steve’s empire.
‘A tragic loss of life, but lessons have been learned. It sounds callous to reduce it to this, but the world is a better place for it.’
Tony doesn’t feel tired anymore, but Steve doesn’t ask him again. ‘Wait,’ Tony says as Steve gets up to leave, ‘we should talk.’ But Steve has already left Tony alone with his thoughts in the darkness.
Steve sighs. ‘We don’t need the IV. It’s just a shot, Tony, to make sure I don’t lose you again.’ Steve prepares the needle as he speaks, fills it, taps it, then tucks the bottle in the bedside drawer.
but he can’t bring himself to say it.
Tony’s mapping out a six-month plan to convince Steve to move in with him when he notices that Steve’s stopped moving. In fact, Steve’s now looking at him with a painfully shy, uncertain look. Tony wants to erase it immediately.
Steve’s addendum is a minor pity but Tony forgets about it as soon as his fingers dip under his pants and briefs. His dick is swollen full and when his fingertips bump against the small erection, it feels like being struck by electricity except it’s better because there’s pleasure instead of pain. Tony’s uses two fingers to tease the base of his dick, rubbing it, teasing the tip, softly jerking it off, until he comes.
But there’s nothing. But Tony staring at him, helplessness growing as he tries and fails a few times to say whatever it is he wants to say. Ultimately, he gives up with a tired sigh and Steve feels relieved and disappointed at the same time. But then Tony tips forward. Forehead pressing into Steve’s shirt. Steve’s fingers twitch, wanting to rise up and touch Tony’s back, to hold him in place, to sink into his dark hair.
When he followed the tracked signal from Steve's jacket, the Avengers found it on a surprised, terrified out of proportion teenager's shoulders, who apologized and begged and explained that didn't actually steal it - in that part of town nobody would have let go of the opportunity to steal a bike with the keys left in the ignition, so he was actually just keeping it safe from actual thieves. The kid squealed in fear when the Hulk pounded his fist on the asphalt and growled at him and they let him run off.
The air is full of the smell of their come and Steve’s sweat, the window is closed and still blocked by the blind and Tony is filled with the sudden urge to be outside, to see the world he’s missed out on and yet it feels cruel to want it now, with Steve here. It would be like telling him he isn’t enough.
‘Steve?’ Tony stumbles over the word like it’s a prayer.
Tony doesn’t know what time it is. He can’t see the clock on the wall and the blackout blinds stop the sun coming through. No one comes or goes, nothing marks the time. He hears footsteps just beyond the door every few minutes and is never sure if his imagination is reaching or if whoever’s on the other side is ignoring him. His limbs are stiff and restless. He wants to move, he wants to breathe fresh air and see the open sky.
‘Anything,’ Tony says, and means it more than he should. Steve smiles, kisses him again, releases his hand and let’s Tony touch him.
‘Where are we going, Steve?’
He wants Steve to come back again.
Steve gestures to the IV dripping something florescent into Tony’s veins. ‘Some of the finest doctors have been working on a way to get you right.’
‘Where were you?’
His heart beats uncomfortably fast, and with every breath, it feels like there’s a band tightening around his chest. His first impulse is to hunch his shoulders and fold in on himself; to make himself as small as possible. He wants to be invisible. Though the temptation is strong, Steve knows that hiding won’t undo anything that’s happened, and it certainly won’t rewind the last few minutes and make it so Tony never heard his confession.
‘I want this Steve, you won’t lose me.’
‘I suppose I need to show you this,’ Steve says. ‘I hope you’ll take it as intended.’ He cups Tony’s cheek, kisses him briefly on the lips, then takes his hand and helps him up from the bed. ‘You are my Tony Stark. Don’t make me lose you again.’
He raps on the door, strong, unapologetic. Tony’s light is still on. Whatever he’s up to, he can spare Steve some time. A drink. A talk. Maybe more. He doesn’t think about it. Knocks the door again because he won’t be ignored.
He turns away, shuts it down. No thinking, Tony. Breathe, breathe, breathe. His breath falls into the same rhythm as Steve’s. He isn’t tired, but he’d like to be asleep.
The vision of it feels off - off, like he’s looking at the world through a shattered lens and all of the details are slightly wonky. Steve is off. He walks a little different now, like his boots are too tight. His jawline is harsher, tighter, like he’s finally seen so much shit that he’s forgotten how to loosen it up. It’s not quite the Steve Tony know, but so close, like seeing him sideways. He wonders what else has changed. He wonders why he didn’t notice it before.
“Yeah.”
He assesses, as the soldier in him always does. Just an overturned whiskey bottle seeping out across the carpet. Just the neat lines of white powder on the dresser. Just an almost empty bottle of unmarked pills. Just Tony, lying pale and still on top of satin bedsheets.
Not when Tony gets out of the shower, not when they have breakfast, or dinner, or fuck the next night.
There’s nothing on the news.
He crushes the phone, sits there with Tony until the paramedics come and take him away.
'I'm sorry, Steve,' Tony says again. It won't work but there are no better words for it.
‘I need you too, Steve,’ Tony says.
'Tell me where you are,' Steve says as if it's an answer. 'Tell me what the hell is going on? I'm not going to let you die without a fight.' The pitiful, lonely, delusional part of Tony pictures Steve racing across the country, the planet, the universe, to get to him on time. He imagines Steve here touching his face, holding his hand, not letting go until his body's gone cold.
‘Tony, please. I promise I’ll explain everything but it’s a long story and you’re still not well.’
Steve is breathless, sweat slick shoulders shining in the iridescent lights. He lays on top of Tony as Tony tugs at the bonds around his wrists, reaching, so close to touching Steve. He trusts him, doesn’t feel the same background buzz of fear he’d feel with anyone else.
“Are you drunk?” Steve asks.
The TV plays quietly in the background. Tony grabs the remote and switches it off and that’s enough to stir Steve from his sleep.
Steve and he are standing on uneven ground, sticky with mud and covered in the gaping wounds they have given each other. By some miracle, there is still something holding them together, some indefinable link that pulls them back with a snap every time. Maybe they will hurt each other again soon enough, maybe they will live forever in this back and forth of pain and love and betrayal and forgiveness. For the first time in a long time, Tony finds he wants to live to find out.
When he’d seen Tony with the Gauntlet, there had only been one thought in his mind.
Gently, warm fingers tug at the edges of the blindfold and the gag, pull them down out of the way.
The guys here are touchy feely and the girls don't seem to mind as long as money changes hands. No one blinks at the guy jacking off during a lap dance, no one raises a brow when a girl takes a patron around back.
He thinks he'd like to get drunk. He thinks he’d like to get high. He thinks, maybe, he’d like to get one of these girls to wrap their lips around his cock.
‘I wasn’t asking for all the answers, Steve. I just want to know why you’re running away. No one blames you.’
At the prospect, Tony’s stomach feels like he is dangling upside down over a ledge. He shakes his head but can’t get the words out.
'Tony,' Steve's voice is tight and slow, like he's speaking to a spooked civilian. 'Where are you?'
Steve's heart speeds up. Did he hear everything? Were Steve's words the ones that got through to Tony? Did he hear him?
Something beeps. A machine lights up. He begins to feel heavy. He was thinking about something important. Maybe. He forgets what. It doesn’t seem to matter anymore.
Tony nods. Wordless, breathless. Hazy dreams long passed drifting back to him, closer to reality now. A life he always wanted and never got. A life he never dreamed he’d get but has found somehow.
Tony hit the ground in a daze twenty minutes ago and only now struggles to his feet. His new heart buzzes in his chest like he's getting an unending electrostatic shock. The armour lies crumpled and lifeless at his feet.
to give you.” The sound of his laughter, when it comes, is jarring, jagged, and lacking any real amusement. Hearing it slices through something essential in Steve. “I mean, talk about bad timing.“
There were times when the mess was unfolding that he crumbled, he'd stood on the balcony of his multi million dollar penthouse and wondered if Extremis would let him die if he told it to. There were many more times after the war was over. After Steve.
He descends into sobbing. Steve doesn't need to say anything, and he doesn't.
Day to day, he drifts. Live and work and fight some more. Come home, fall asleep in an empty bed, in an empty home, wash away the blood and memories in the morning and repeat.
‘One thing at a time, Tony,’ he says, like Tony can’t take this, like he hasn’t handled infinitely more difficult news time and time again. ‘I think you should rest now.’
Steve claims he doesn’t remember much. Tony claims the same. There's a halting awkwardness to the conversation that says they both know they’re lying, but neither probes the other deeper, content to let those demons rest.
'Because I'm a mess. Goddammit. We're a mess. I fucking love you, Tony, and that's why I can hate you so much. I hated what you did to us, I hated that you made us fight on opposite sides. I hated that I couldn't stand with you. I hated that I couldn't love you and I hated that I loved you anyway. '
‘But you don’t anymore.’ It’s so bland and certain that Steve wants to scream. He wants to know that Tony feels the pain of this as much as he does. But Tony doesn’t give it to him.
Steve is a generous lover. He gives Tony what he needs. Fucks him hard into the mattress until the bed springs break. They laugh like school kids. Leave the bedroom, straighten their clothes and back to formality.
There's a warmth emanating from the ground now, burning the soles of his feet with the sense that he no longer belongs. He feels the undersheath shivering beneath his skin, calling to be called upon.
There's an image etched in his brain of a Tony who isn't Tony. Steve looks at the blood that isn't on his hands and the body that isn't on the floor and remembers how it felt to beat the life out of Tony. Being treating like a criminal has made him one.
