Until someone had drove by and stopped this was on Christmas Eve.
Dean was swimming on his own, his tail was moving slow as his mind wouldn't stop think of the most was he had screwed up his friendship with Cas. Dean knew it wasn't his fault, or was it? shaking his head speeding up his tail a little so he hopefully wouldn't be late for school, well he wouldn't be late if someone idiot merman hadn't collided into him! "Oh shoot.." Deans whole world stopped as he heard the voice.
didn't argue with Dean, they all picked up everything, and left.
"Hello, De-" Castiel stood in shock at the scene that was happening in front of him, Dean however looked back at Castiel panting, pushing himself up heading towards the Alpha. "Cas," Dean tilted his head to the side, bearing his neck to the Alpha,
Dean was three months pregnant.
Quietly walking across the carpet, checking each room before he smelt the familiar smell of rotten eggs. "Dammit, Sam!" Dean called down to his brother, walking closer to the last door, the was partly opened. Opening the door wider so he could slip in seeing a small boy, who looked six, was laying next to his mother, who had been clearly ripped apart, Dean walked closer accidentally bumping into the dresser, knocking something over.
"Kneel and rest your arms other the back of the couch. Now!" Castiel snapped, watching the boy move into the right position, his little ass on display nicely.
"Lets just finish this then we'll talk!" Dean turned around to walk back to the room only to be stopped by the little boy, "you got anywhere you can go? Father? Uncle?" the boy just shook his head at everything Dean was listing. "Okay, guess you'll be sticking with us then." That time Dean saw the boy give a nod.
Sam was shocked at what was happening right in front of his face. There was a small ball of light brown fur, where his brother once laid, Sam saw the transformation of Dean change completely change from a man to puppy. But next to Dean was a smaller ball of black and white fur, where the Angel once laid. Sams eyes were fixed on the small creatures that were once his brother and Angel.
Opening his eyes to the bright sunlight shining through the windows, he was still in the same room on the couch. "Take it, easy boy." Chase rolled his eyes, trying to sit up getting a pain shoot through him making him groan. "Yeah, yeah not the first time I've heard that." Chase sassed back.
“My only desire is to cherish this moment,” Dean whispered when he broke their kiss. His green eyes were bright in firelight and his skin slightly flushed beneath the scruff on his jaw.
He decided to amuse himself in the garden, for the sun shone and the fountains were playing. He was astonished to find that every place was familiar to him and there was the brook and trees from where she met the prince in his dreams. That made him think more than ever the prince was being kept prisoner by the Beast.
He thought the Beast came and said, “Ah, Beauty! Why are you so unkind to me? I fear I am fated to be unhappy for a long time.”
“Promise me that you will keep your word as a man of honor in bringing me one of your children,” the Beast said.
This answer made the other feel ashamed and confused, even angry. One of them replied, “This child thinks himself a hero. Surely nothing could be more ridiculous.”
James flinches, and Jimmy desperately wants to understand why. “I thought about waiting until I was eighteen, but that’s like… nearly two more years of pretending that—” James sighs.
“I’m a little scared,” Castiel admits. Dean’s hands pull away immediately, which… no, not even remotely what Castiel wants right now.
Dean pulls his hand away and rolls over to start hitting Benny with his pillow. God damn asshole.
“He put you on his freebie list last month,” Victor adds.
“Me too, Cas. Now let’s get out of here before I start crying or something,” Dean says, feeling a little too vulnerable.
okay?”
again, and come back to… to God.”
Sam is in the elevator flanked by two beautiful women. One is kissing Sam, the other is nibbling at his neck… and has a hand down his pants.
“Pathological prankster.”
Dean knows a little something about hanging onto a shitty situation for no real reason. “Not forever, Cas.”
“Romantic advice isn’t really my area of expertise. People always think I’m too closed off or too intense or both. They’re
“You looked enchanting, I took a photo with your phone.”
“Nah, this is better. I have a lot of catching up to do, might as well start now. Plus Thursdays are kinda my
“What
“What would you think about moving?” He asks over sandwiches and chips. He’s a dreadful cook, so most of their food is from the microwave or in sandwich form. “We could move out of Pontiac, or out of Illinois even.”
“How was your date?” Claire says, shoving Castiel to the side.
How long is Castiel going to keep letting Dean make him dinner? “Dean, you don’t have to…”
Claire pauses, jam covered toast halfway to her mouth. “So…?”
Dean gets an odd look on his face. Castiel can’t place it. “Don’t got something against bisexuality, do you?”
(Thursday)
“It was a long drive back from lunch.”
“You know cold water to the face works just fine.”
touching, but not quite. At some point he realizes Tessa and Ketch are staring at him. In fact, everyone’s staring at him.
Castiel jumps slightly in his seat and looks at Dean. “It’s not.”
“Yeah, that’s…” Dean trails off, thinking. He wants to be like Castiel, who isn’t hanging onto the familiar past the point where it no longer makes sense or feels right. Not that his relationship is like an acting gig in any way, but… well, here he is, on what might as well be a date, and he’s happier here than he has been with Tessa in far too long, and he knows why that is.
“You think there’s any chance Sam
“I work in my sister’s stationery store. She’s eight months pregnant, so her attendance is… spotty at present. Some days I rather unexpectedly have to open and close.”
“You made yourself welcome, man, you’re a likeable guy.”
Castiel does so, realizing a few moments too late that he could have done that in the privacy of his room. “Better?”
Castiel tries the waistcoat on, and while it doesn’t look
“Yeah, yeah, I know you love to be right. Ketch was just a symptom of our problems, not a cause.”
“I apologize, Claire, I was distracted. Dean is taking me to get furniture.”
the jacket. Dean doesn’t know why Sam kept it, but he feels better in it, like his dad is still with him.
Castiel tears his eyes away from a painting of a boulder in the middle of a dry field so he can look at their server, eyes widening slightly. Good gracious, he’s tall.
Dean brings Castiel to his apartment, instructing him to sit on the couch before he disappears with his toolbox. The white cat is lying on the coffee table, sleeping atop an open book that Castiel can’t identify through all the fur.
He holds up his two red ties for Claire and Sam to inspect. The tie in his left hand is a bright blood red tie that Castiel’s had since he was eighteen, the right one is a slightly pinker shade with some faint pinstripes. Castiel bought it because it reminded him of raspberries and he was clothes shopping while hungry.
“Honestly?” Tessa’s looking away now, so Dean knows the answer. “The man part.”
“It’s a strong point in my favor.”
“Dean,
“The big three five.”
“Yes?”
but… but he’s alive. Or he was four years ago,” Castiel says, looking disturbed. “You brought this package so far. Surely…
“Ready. Ish.”
back in Illinois?”
Castiel’s naked body pressed against the icy glass, his wrists pinned just over his head by one of Dean’s hands, Dean driving into him from behind.
“Thought so.”
“Got it in one,” Castiel says, firing a finger gun at Dean. He glances down at his fingers, mystified. “Finger guns. I’m turning into Gabriel.”
“You’re not even
“So when you get to know him better…”
” he growls.
Sam smiles. “Dean said you have a date, and that I should make sure you were doing his vest-thing justice.”
Sam gestures to the breaded pieces of chicken waiting to be deep fried. “Those are way too big to be fingers.”
“Should I be scared for my virtue, then?” Castiel says, holding out a hand for Azazel. The dog deems Castiel either acceptable or uninteresting and disappears back into the house after a few sniffs.
talking about all the cool stuff your ex is into, jeez!” Claire barks, slapping the table then looking startled that she did so.
They share a handsy shower that’s more groping and kissing than washing and scrubbing. Dean has so many kinds of kisses; from gentle pecks, to hungry, passionate bombardments… Castiel is addicted to them all.
“So, uh… while I have you on the phone, and don’t have to look you in the eye…” Oh, fuck, what does he want? “Bobby’s birthday is in a couple weeks.”
“He thought you were in here planning to play World of Warcraft all weekend. Not that there’s anything wrong with that, by the way.” Dean wants to bring up the newspaper clipping Michael said was in Castiel’s wallet, but he doesn’t. He wouldn’t know how to anyway.
“You’ve lost a best friend?”
“The Kate Hudson movie?!”
“You’re close,” he practically purrs.
“I, uh… huh?” Dean tries.
“Come on,” Dean says, gesturing to the many Sam-approved goods in the cart, “I got lots of other shit in here too. Look! Carrots!”
He’s not really sure where they go after this, if they’ll ever be able to be friends, or if they’ll just be people that pass each other in the store and play five minutes of catch up once every six months. But they’re both in a good place, they’re both moving on, and things look so much better than they did the last time Dean walked out of this apartment.
They sit in silence for over a minute, picking at their food before Dean talks again.
we make out some more?” Dean tries.
buy those smiling oven mitts himself.
” they both say at the same time. The following laughter is easier.
“Would you put it on the fridge?”
need to get some friends.
“Couldn’t handle having a bi kid, huh?” Brunette Ruby says. “My parents were like that… total drag. Haven’t spoken to them in like a decade.”
He pulls Dean down into a kiss, loving the way it stretches the muscles in his thigh. He’s more flexible than he realized.
“You really are full of surprises,” Castiel mutters between kisses. “You know… I haven’t got any gifts for you, I didn’t know we were celebrating Christmas.”
Okay, something private is about to happen. Dean starts to stand. “I can—”
that I have a crush on a boy?”
“Out, like… out?” Dean says awkwardly.
stringing up one of your own men then trying to cut and burn the truth out of him… fuckin' unthinkable… out there, away from home, away from everything, even the rest of our unit… it wasn’t so unthinkable. Alastair had other ideas of justice… or what he
“I suppose…”
Castiel picks up his menu as Sam moseys away. “Very friendly.”
Dean smiles. “I have that one sometimes. Show up for the first day of class, big test, and I’m wearing nothing but my ex-girlfriend’s pink satin panties.”
Castiel nods, looking uncomfortable as he opens up the car. “I am.”
the new jacket.”
“Admiring is a strong word,” Castiel says, mouth faster than his brain. He grimaces when he realizes what he’s just said, but Mr. Charleson looks gleeful.
“They got much worse. My doctor started me off on Prozac, and I went from hopeless to suicidal. It was…” Castiel shudders. “It was bad, Dean. I knew it was the medication, I
“Dean, don’t be silly, I have a car, I—”
“I hope you didn’t go out and get one already…”
Castiel give him a key? It never seemed like something to worry about until this exact second.
“Because you were drugged up the wazoo.”
From Cas - 8/08/17 - 2:43pm: That’s pretty funny.
“Sounds good to me! Give me a day for the background check, and can you start on… Wednesday?”
“Why?”
To Cas - 8/08/17 - 3:19pm: grown ass men acting like kids in high school
“But you know they’re wrong, right?” Claire says, voice slightly pleading. “You didn’t fail me. I was in a dark place, Dad… a
“Waistcoat!” Dean exclaims so abruptly that Castiel’s surprised a cartoon light bulb didn’t appear over his head. “Do you have a waistcoat? I wore one on a date years ago… we didn’t even make it to dinner, she was all over me.”
Claire.”
Castiel hears Sam shouting. “Dean.
Dad— Castiel, that’s Jasper
“Well, what makes more sense to you? A God that loves His children so long as they are generally good to others, or a God that punishes His children for what makes them unique?”
He hasn’t cooked in ages and he’s craving his grandmother’s spaghetti sauce, a recipe he’s mastered if Sam is to be believed. He can already taste the marinara… his grandma’s secret was to throw a carrot in with the sauce to absorb some of the acidity of the tomatoes; it always makes the sauce a little bit sweet, too.
“It’s not forever,” she tells Castiel, “I just… don’t want to think about James for a while. Or Mom. But it’s okay if you wanna like… look at the photo albums or whatever by yourself. I know underneath your stoic exterior you’re just a big sentimental dope.”
“That was incredible, Dean. Thank you.”
” Claire says, smirking.
“It’s alright, baby, I know.”
“This notice could be months old.”
“I realize this is going to feel condescending to you, and so I want to first assure you that it’s not.”
“How do you know its ready?” Dean asked Castiel after a moment of just fingering the hole he was staring at, “just fuck it, Dean, we want it to scream don’t we?” Castiel mutters twirling the knife his hand, Dean just shook his head and smiled when he watched Castiel get fascinated with the metal blade. He pulled his fingers from y/n undressing his lower half of himself, lining himself up to the girls opening keeping it to one quick thrust he slipped all the way in, almost missing the sound that the girl created.
“Don’t say that,” Castiel said, his voice breaking.
Castiel was grinning so hard his cheeks hurt. That was easier than he’d expected. Finally something had gone right for them, even if he and John still had a long way to go before they were comfortable around each other.
“Fine,
“We do love a good revenge arc,” Meg drawls. “But I’m afraid we still don’t have any idea what the he—” Castiel elbows her in the side, “—heck you’re talking about. So, please enlighten us. Who are you looking for?”
“I doubt we can keep relying on our luck,” Dean says. The car jostles as they drive over a pothole, and he groans, cursing. “Fucking hell. Try not to drive into every hole you come across, will you? And where the fuck are we?”
“I like to think of it as efficient. It got your attention, didn’t it?” Castiel says, shooting daggers at Dean’s back. He could at least pretend to be interested in this discussion, since Castiel’s life literally depends on it.
Dean laughs again, the sound rich and hearty. “I have to admit that I used to be kind of a bad boy back in the day.”
He takes Dean deep into his throat with renewed determination, swallows around him, and he feels the way Dean's thighs tremble.
“Right,” Dean repeats, and this time Castiel sighs.
“Remind me why we’re doing this again?” Gabriel pants, already out of breath. His turkey hat slips over his brow and he pushes it back with a groan.
Then it’s back down to the belly of the ship and searching. He’s lucky. Their sick bay is in the same position as the one on the
Castiel gives him a gentle smile and tickles him at the sides, making him giggle. “You’ll be exactly like Claire. Going to preschool is a good thing. You’ll make new friends, and you’ll learn a lot of stuff. It’ll be fun.”
“Sam...”
“Hey, I’m not complaining about the sex,” Dean said, pointing a finger in Castiel’s direction like he was scared Castiel might start playing hard to get—as if that would ever happen. “And it’s certainly not my fault I have extra energy to burn.”
“No, it’s not. You said yourself that people will come out when they’re ready, and I’m not ready. Υou can’t just push me to do it. Don’t be an asshole about this.”
First, he has to learn how to fight.
"What's that?" he asks, taking the paper in his hands to examine it. There are several dots and lines drawn on the top part, while a passage in a language he doesn't recognise is written underneath.
For once, he wishes he could spend one moment happy without the world collapsing around him the very next second. Still, it seems like the world is not done kicking Dean to the ground.
After a moment’s hesitation, Lisa bumps their shoulders together. “Look at that coy grin! You got it bad, Winchester.”
No no no no no no. Dean couldn’t risk that. He couldn’t. He wasn’t going to write his number on that cup. It wasn’t simple, it wasn’t cute, and it certainly wasn’t pressure-free.
Dean’s eyes sparkle with mischief. “Let’s give them something to gossip about then.”
It’s Castiel’s turn to drain his glass. “I did,” he says, eyes distant. “She was the mother of my children, of course I loved her. As much as I could.” There’s that weird half-smile again, and Dean feels left out of the joke yet again. “Most days I don’t think that was enough.”
“Ah, you missed a little—no, a little to the right—the other—
Dean’s eyes roll to the back of his skull. The wet warmth of Castiel’s breath makes something raw and pained form in the back of his throat, and he’s breathless with it, burning, itching, aching. He’s strung tight, fingers locked around Castiel’s arms, unable to do anything else but hold on for dear life, biting down on his lower lip to muffle the moans that form in the back of his throat. The tension builds and builds and builds, choking him, pressing from all around him, pulling tighter and tighter and tighter.
It’s not summer yet, but Dean discovers that the pool is heated, which, perfect! He almost kissed Balthazar when he told him. From then on it’s as simple as wearing the shortest swimming shorts he owns and spending an hour or so playing in the pool with Jack. It’s fun for sure and loud enough that Dean knows Castiel must hear them. He doesn’t catch him looking at them from his window this time, but he does put on a show just to be sure. Showing off with every stroke as he glides from one side of the pool to the other, flexing a little as he emerges from the water, dripping wet, hair spiked from the rough way he tries to towel it dry, swimming shorts clinging to him sinfully.
“This can wait for later, can’t it, Cassie? Claire and I are already late for her appointment.”
“Oh, sure,” Donna says, standing up. “She should still be at the office, just go over there and ask for her. As a matter of fact, let me grab a box of goodies for her. Tell her Donna sent you.” She putters around behind the counter, producing a large box of cinnamon buns in a matter of seconds, before turning her bright smile back to Dean. “And can I get you anything for the road?” She gratefully accepts the plate and cup Dean brings back from his table, putting them aside to clean later.
“A few more minutes,” Dean mumbled, burying his head further into the pillow.
for me. They knew I’d be coming here.”
In the darkness, Castiel misjudges the distance and bumps right into Dean when he turns around and almost trips. With a steady hand on his shoulder, Dean keeps him upright. His fingers are warm even through the layers of clothing between them, his breath hits Castiel’s face with how close they’re standing now.
Castiel huffs. He walks away, running his hands through his hair and making it stick up in all directions. He has his gun in his desk drawer, but it’ll be messy and not easy to explain. Although, Uriel dislikes Meg enough that maybe he won’t mind even if he finds out Castiel killed her. He’s sure he can spin this in his favor somehow.
“Cas, what are you doing here?”
"Actually, the problem is that he hasn't been answering his phone. So, if you could point me in the direction of his room, that'd be great," Dean says, forcing all the worry and annoyance out of his voice. Somehow, he doubts bribing will work in this situation, which only leaves him with the choice of staying on Bill's good side.
Castiel thinks the whole thing is hilarious. He asks Dean several times if the girl’s name was really Starla, and yes, Dean swears to God, that’s what she said when they met. And she’s not even the weirdest girl he’s ever dated—Lydia and her weird fixation with having a baby after they slept together once will always be number one on that list—just the worst one he took back home.
Castiel may have his head buried deep in a sandpit of denial but it’s not deep enough to ignore the shiver that draws a path straight down his spine at the display of dominance. Still, he won’t lose face in front of Dean Winchester.
“I told you I’m fine,” Dean grumbles, sitting still as she heals the wound with a quick spell. He glares at McLeod who is watching the entire thing silently by one of the windows. “Now, will you please let me go? I have a job to do.”
“He says he does,” Jo says, playing with his food. “Certainly doesn’t act like it.”
“I’m too old to sleep in the back seat,” Castiel complains. He holds out his hand. “Give me the keys.”
and soon all the men are yelling and throwing their hats in the air.
Dean comes to stand next to him, casually leaning with his hip against one of the barrels. Crossing his arms over his chest he stares at Castiel, long and hard. It’s a little uncomfortable, to the point a goosebump trails its fingertips up the nape of Castiel’s neck, but it’s not exactly unpleasant.
Dean stares at them. And stares at them some more.
Something Dean didn’t even know existed unclenches in his chest. He’s too old for chick-flick moments, but when Ellen pulls him in he readily sinks into her arms and accepts her fierce hug, bone-crushing and all. Tears prick behind his eyes.
Castiel nods. “I am. I was so relieved, and that burned away to anger very, very quickly.”
“So you see the appeal.”
“I’m just lonely, Dean. Claire is all I have, and for the past few months it’s been us against the world, forging a new life together, living in each other’s pockets. I’m cut off from everyone else I once held dear. I have no other family, no friends, just Claire. With her gone, I’m… this will take some adjusting to.”
you know? Something that had been with me a long time. I forgot them... I forgot all my damn chess pieces, but I remembered the package.”
“We could do that… or…” Dean’s hand is grazing the front of Castiel’s boxer-briefs.
“I never wear these, it doesn’t matter if they get messy,” Dean says. Not totally true. He often wore these slacks to work, but he’s quit that job, so who cares if he gets glue or markers or whatever on them. “I just thought I should dress fancy to make a good impression.” Wow, why did he say that out loud?
Castiel looks at his hands. His fingernails are black and glittering. “God.”
what the hell is wrong with you?” Dean barks, but he’s smiling.
“It’s me, and it’s not me.”
“That was unexpected,” Castiel sputters.
Dean shrugs and offers Castiel a smile. “I’m still free, Cas.”
The youngest boy Castiel, however, displayed greater perseverance and firmness in their common misfortune. He bore his duty cheerfully and with strength of mind beyond his years. At first he was truly melancholy but after a time he chose to forget the world of the rich that was so cruel to them, and move on.
Castiel somehow managed to blush furiously at the nickname despite his nerves, “Good evening, Beast.”
“Oh, Beast, how you frightened me!” he cried. “I never knew how much I loved you until just now, when I feared I was too late to save your life.”
"I am no dream, please, make me wait no longer," Dean stroked Castiel’s cheek and stepped closer until their lips brushed together again. The same spark from before ignited between them and burned its way through Castiel.
He thought he was wandering a lonely path in the gardens of the castle when he heard groans coming from the entrance of a cave. Running quickly to see what was the matter he found the Beast on his side, dying. He approached him slowly and at that moment a stately lady appeared and said very gravely, “Ah, Beauty, see what happens when people do not keep their promises! If you had delayed one more day you would have found him dead.”
“You will find,” the Beast said, “a horse at the break of day. He will carry you home quickly. Go to supper and await my orders.”
The Beast paid his usual visit and asked the same questions as before, and then with a gruff good night took his leave and Castiel went to bed to dream of his mysterious prince. In this dream Dean touched Castiel’s hand and laced their fingers together, “May I?”
“Say yes or no without fear,” he replied.
He licked again while lightly pinching Castiel’s other nipple and then took it into his mouth. The sensation went straight to Castiel’s pants and he found himself shifting in Dean’s lap, seeking friction. Dean gently sucked and slowly humped against Castiel, taking his own pleasure.
As soon as he was mounted he went off at such a pace she lost sight of him in moments. Then Castiel began to cry. It was not like him to cry but he found himself feeling lost and more nervous than ever before. He went to his room and found that he was very tired after not sleeping all night. With nothing better to do than wait, he laid down on the plush bed and fell straight to sleep.He dreamed he was walking by a brook with trees, lamenting his fate, when a young prince appeared, handsomer than anyone he’d ever seen, tall with bright green eyes that shone in the sunlight and dark golden hair that matched the scruff upon his sharp jaw. His shoulders were broad and his muscles were clear even through the fine clothing he wore.
“Do not pull away now, I couldn’t bear it. I’ve never done this before, but believe me when I tell you that I desire this,” his eyes inadvertently flicked down to Dean’s full lips, which in turn caused Dean to look down to Castiel’s lips.
Castiel could see that was likely, but when he thought of his dear prince who was so handsome, he didn’t feel inclined to marry the Beast. At any rate, for two months he didn’t have to decide but could enjoy the company of his family. Although their family was rich again and had many acquaintances, he found himself feeling unamused. He often thought of the castle where he was happy and of the prince that he no longer dreamed of while he was at home. He felt quite sad without him.
“Cas, my Beauty, it is your sacrifice that has shown me how to be a better man, for I used to be quite selfish and unkind,” he said with shame.
The father, who was used to unending success, then lost all of his ships due to either shipwreck or pirates. Furthermore, his transactions turned sour and friends disappeared. In short, he fell from the position of being one of the most wealthy and straight into poverty. He had nothing but a small country house that was far from the grand city he once lived in.
Once more he asked for pardon.
His siblings were astonished at his appearance for they had never expected to see him again. There was no end to the questions they asked and he had much to hear about what had happened to them while he was away. But when they heard he was only going to be back for a short amount of time before heading back, they lamented.
Arriving at the courtyard he saw even more statues. John was suffering from the cold and didn’t stop to examine them. An agate staircase with balusters of gold presented itself, and when he continued forward there were magnificent rooms, warm and welcoming. He needed food but wasn’t sure who to ask. The castle he happened upon seemed only to be filled with statues. A profound silence settled over him and he felt that the place had been deserted. The halls and rooms were all open but there wasn’t a single living thing.
The night seemed never ending. He was famished and heard wild beasts close by. They made it until the sun rose but with it the realization that the road was completely lost. They wandered through the forest, stumbling and falling often, until they found a path.
There were more birds in a room further on, parrots and cockatoos that could talk, and they greeted him by calling out, ‘Beauty, Beauty’. He found them so interesting that he took a couple back to his room and they talked to him while he was at dinner.
“I warn you again,: said the Beast, “to take care not to deceive your children as to what sacrifice they will be making or the danger they face. Let them know what I look like and what they are about to do and above all let them be firm in their resolution. There is no going back and you will be unable to return again.”
Castiel asked John what he thought his dreams of the beast meant and why the prince begged him not to trust appearances. After some thought he said, “You tell me that the Beast loves you dearly and deserves love and gratitude for his gentleness and kindness. I think the prince must mean that you should do as the Beast wishes in spite of his appearance.”
“Dance with me, Cas. How I have longed for this moment,” he offered his hand. Castiel smiled and stepped into Dean’s arms. It seemed as if everyone else melted away and the music moved through them. For the first time Castiel realized that Dean and the Beast had the same eyes, and it was indeed a spell that transformed him.
“Pretty little creatures,” he said, “how I wish your cage was nearer my room that I might often hear your song!” After saying so, he opened a door and found that it led directly into his room despite being on the other side of the castle only moments ago.
“Very well, father, since you desire me to make a request I beg that you bring me a rose; I love that flower and since we have lived here I haven’t had the pleasure of seeing a single one,” Castiel felt silly asking for a flower but he did love them and it was a simple enough request to be fulfilled.
The Beast, who had been sighing dolefully while he spoke said, “I cannot refuse you anything you ask even though it should cost me my life. Take the four boxes you will find in the room next to yours and fill them with everything you wish to take with you. But remember your promise and come back when the two months are over, or you may have cause to repent it, for if you do not come in good time you will find your faithful Beast dead. You will not need any chariot to bring you back, only say goodbye to your family the night before you leave and when you have gone to bed, turn this ring round upon your finger and say, ‘I wish to go back to my castle and see my Beast again.’ Goodnight, my Beauty. Fear nothing, sleep peacefully, and before long you shall see your father once more.”
“The Beast was mocking us!” cried John. “He pretended to give us all these things knowing that I could not carry them away.”
“I don’t mean to make you nervous. Please don’t feel like you might oblige me,” Dean tried to release his hand but Castiel stopped him.
He tried to conceal his terror, “Good evening, Beast.”
A sad look came over his face, “Cas, my Beauty, it is not for me to say.”
“What do you mean when you tell me not to be deceived by appearances?” Castiel finally asked Dean as they were growing quite close.
He gasped for air, there didn’t seem to be enough of it in the room. Dean’s eyes were blown wide as he watched Castiel come undone on his finger, slowly pushing it all the way in and letting it rest for a moment. “How do you feel?” Dean asked in a tortured voice.
When he opened his eyes he was astonished to see an elegantly laid table with an enormous amount of food. He said thank you out loud although no one was around that he could see and ate his fill. Time passed and no one came to join him. Sleep took him once again before he was able to give much thought to anything else.
To add to his troubles, he had to head home in the most frightful weather. Exposed on the road to the piercing blasts of wind and snow, he thought he should die from fatigue, but when he was only a few miles from the house his strength returned to him. It would be hours before he could cross the forest and it was late, but he wanted to continue forward.
While they rode, night fell. Then, to their great surprise, fireworks lit the sky with colors and the forest was illuminated. They even felt pleasantly warm, though it had been bitterly cold only moments before. They reached the avenue of orange trees and saw that the castle was lit from roof to ground and soft music played in the courtyard.
“Castiel, Cas, you may call me Dean,” the prince bowed deeply.
The Beast replied angrily, “Hold your tongue, you foolish talker. I care not for your flattery nor the titles you bestow upon me. I am not your Lord, I am the Beast, and you shall not escape the death you deserve!”
Then his dreams changed, but the charming prince Dean figured in them all. They walked through the gardens, Dean a step behind Castiel, talked and even had tea together. When morning came, his first thought was to look at the portrait and see if it was really like Dean, and he found it certainly was.
“I think it is I that is the lucky one,” Castiel quipped and kissed him back. “I never could have guessed it would be like that.”
John balked at his cruel sentence and tried to explain himself further, telling the Beast that the rose was for his youngest son, so beloved that the villagers called him Beauty. In a desperate plea for his life he relayed all of his misfortunes that led him to be in the castle. He told the Beast of Castiel and the simple rose he asked for compared to the riches his other children asked for.
Dean put the pillow under Castiel’s hips to raise him up and give him easier access. Castiel watched with his mouth slightly agape as Dean brushed his nose along his inner thigh and then did the unthinkable. He ran his tongue over Castiel’s hole, eagerly licking. Castiel made noises he wasn’t even aware that he was capable of as Dean pushed his tongue inside of him.
Castiel found his dreams so interesting that he was in no hurry to wake, but presently the clock roused him by calling his name softly twelve times. Then he rose and found his dressing table set out with everything he could possibly want, and when he was finished, he found dinner waiting in the room next to his. But dinner does not take very long when one is alone, and very soon he found himself sitting on the sofa thinking about the prince from his dreams.
As soon as Castiel was alone he quickly filled the boxes with all the rare and precious things he saw around him, and only when he was tired of heaping things into them did they seem to be full. Then he went to bed but could hardly sleep for joy. When at last he began to dream of his beloved prince, he was grieved to see him stretched on the grassy bank, sad and weary.
“Since you will not, good night, Beauty,” he said.
Castiel answered bavely that he was quite prepared to stay.
“For too long I have wanted you,” Dean whispered in Castiel’s ear and sent shivers down his spine.
Dean licked again and lightly bit him through the cloth, his muscles flexing and starting to shine with a light layer of sweat. Castiel arched into his mouth and felt only relief when Dean finally unbuttoned his pants and pulled them off. He was completely bare in front of Dean for the first time and fully erect in front of his face.
The candles cast dim light in the room and the fireplace in the corner made them warm. Their heavy garments from the wedding begged to be removed.
“Oh, don’t be so sad!” cried Castiel. “I am only going to assure my father that I am safe and happy. I have promised the Beast that I will come back and he would die of grief if I did not keep my word!”
“We have all the time in the world now, to be together, just like this,” Dean ran his hands over Castiel’s bare skin.
Dean kissed his cheek and they continued on their never ending journey through the grounds.
Compelled to seek refuge from his shame, John took his family to the house. The children were horrified at the prospect of living such plain lives in the solitude of their new home. For a time the children imagined that they might still be able to marry some of their vast admirers and gain back the life they had, but the interested men and women turned their backs as soon as the family fell from grace.
“Surely I could never forget this day,” Castiel’s voice dropped lower and he ran his hand down Dean’s firm arm.
They stayed like that for a moment, breathing heavily, and then rolled onto their sides. Castiel was grateful that the chambers were far from the others after the noise they made. Dean kissed him lightly and stroked his face, “My Beauty, how lucky am I that you are mine?”
The Beast considered for a moment and then spoke in a softer tone, “I will pardon you, but upon the condition that you will give me one of your children. I require this to repair your fault.”
He quite enjoyed talking about all that had happened to him, and when the time came for the Beast to go, he asked, as he had so often asked before, “Beauty, will you marry me?”
Castiel was so terrified by the dream that the next morning he announced his intention of going back at once. That very evening he said goodbye to his father and brothers and sisters and was soon in bed. He turned the ring around his finger and said, “I wish to go back to my castle and see my Beast again.”
“Are you being held prisoner here? I have found no dungeons in my wanderings, yet it seems you are more than just a dream. I want you to be more than a dream,” Castiel looked into Dean’s sorrowful green eyes and found no answers.
There were dances and colored lights, music and pretty dresses, and it was all so happy that Castiel was overjoyed. After that he tried another seven windows in turn and there was a new show in each of them so that he never felt lonely.
The prince’s voice was deep and went straight to Castiel’s heart, “Ah, Beauty,you are not as unfortunate as you suppose. Here you will be rewarded for all you have suffered elsewhere. Your every wish will be granted. Only try to find me out, no matter how I may be disguised, for I love you dearly already, and in making me happy, you will find your own happiness. Be as truehearted as you are handsome, and we shall have nothing left to wish for.”
John held his ground and said he understood and would keep his promise. The Beast was satisfied with this answer and ordered him to retire until sunrise when he heard the golden bell.
But John was touched by Castiel’s expressions and begged that he choose a gift to be brought back like his siblings had.
The Beast asked how he had been amusing himself and Castiel told him of all the rooms he had seen. Then the Beast asked if he thought he could be happy in the castle, and Castiel answered that everything was so beautiful he would be very hard to please if he couldn’t be happy there. After about an hour’s talk, Castiel began to think the Beast was not nearly so terrible as he thought at first. Then the Beast rose to leave and said in his deep voice, “Do you love me, Beauty? Will you marry me?”
“Never shall I forget today… especially not this night,” Castiel blushed and wrapped his arms around Dean.
“You may take the rose to your son, the one called Beauty, and the horse will be ready in the courtyard. I reckon I will see you in a month, if you are an honest man. If you fail in your word, I shall pay you a visit.”
John tried to persuade Castiel to go back, but in vain.
His family seemed very used to being without him and he even got in the way at times, so he wouldn’t be too sad when the two months were over. His family begged him to stay and grieved his departure so much so that he couldn’t bring himself to say goodbye. Every night that he meant to say goodbye he ended up staying another day, until at last he had a dismal dream that helped him make up his mind.
John travelled as fast as he could to the great city with the prospect for fortune to be had. But he did not get what he had hoped for. The ship had arrived but his partners thought him to be dead and took possession of it. All the cargo had been sold off by the time he arrived. He spent six months trying to get back the fortune he lost but the expenses were great and in the end he was no richer than before.
At first nobody would hear of it. They declared their love for him but Castiel was firm.As the time drew near he divided his belongings among his brothers and said goodbye to everything that he loved. When the fatal day came, he encouraged John and they mounted the horse together. It seemed to fly rather than gallop, but so smoothly that Castiel was not scared. Indeed, he would have enjoyed the journey if he had not feared what was to come at the end of it.
Once upon a time, in a far away country rested a city that thrived on trade. Among its citizens was a merchant, John, who succeeded in all his endeavors and upon whom fortune favored. However, even though he had great wealth, he also had a great many children. His family consisted of six boys and six girls. None of them were settled in life: the boys were too routy to think of it and the girls were too proud of their fortunes to settle for a man with less.
Thinking seriously of what to do he began to fancy the idea that a spirit made the castle a present to him and all of the riches it contained. The idea was good enough inspiration to take all the riches he could find and assign rooms for his children once he could find them and bring them there.
John entered the garden where, in spite of the severe weather, the rarest flowers were still blooming and birds were singing. He knew his children would love the castle and decided to set back out in order to fetch them. His horse was waiting in a stable nearby that he found on his way in. Close to the stable were rose bushes in full bloom. He had never seen such lovely roses. They reminded him of his promise to bring one back for Castiel. He picked one and was about to pick a dozen more when the most fightful noise made him turn around.
"I can still hardly believe my eyes when I look at you. For so long you have been but a dream," said Castiel. "Somehow you are even more handsome standing before me."
“The spell? You were under a spell?” Castiel felt very overwhelmed. “What’s going on?”
“You may call me Castiel, if you wish,” he spoke softly and breathed in the intoxicating scent of the prince that was carried on the small breeze.
His bareness was a revelation and Castiel was enraptured by his handsomeness. Light freckles covered his shoulders and chest, just like those upon his nose. He reached for Dean’s nipple and gently pinched it the way that he had done to Castiel and Dean moaned in response. It was a beautiful noise and Castiel wished to hear more.
For many years the castle remained a mystery, but their story spread across the lands and lived on long after them.
“Oh, no, Beast,” said Castiel hastily.
But their excited curiosity only grew. They begged to be told of his adventures and he finally conceded. The children lamented over their lost hopes and dreams, the girls cried and the boys said that their father should not go back to the castle. The older sons said they would kill the Beast if he tried to hurt them but John reminded them he made a promise and didn’t want anyone else to get hurt. The girls were angry with Castiel and said it was his fault for asking for a rose.
Castiel found supper served just at the time he preferred but did not hear or see anyone. He began to find things rather dull all alone, but then he heard the Beast coming and wondered if he meant to eat him now. However, he did not seem at all ferocious and only said, in his gruff voice, “Good evening, Beauty.”
Knowing they were the same person made Castiel love Dean even more than before. They were married the following day in the presence of Castiel’s family and the rest of the castle’s residence. The kiss they shared under the altar may have lasted a moment longer than what was appropriate and made Castiel burn with newfound desire.
Castiel concealed his sorrow and rose above his misfortunes. So much fortitude was considered to be insensible by his siblings. But of course they were just jealous because he was much more liked than the rest of them. He was often called “Beauty” which made his siblings even more jealous even if the nickname embarrassed him as he was a man.
“I am pleased with you,” said the Beast. “As you have come of your own accord, you may remain. As for you, old man,” he added, turning to the merchant, “at sunrise tomorrow take your departure. When the bell rings, get up quickly and the same horse will be waiting to take you home. But remember that you must never expect to see my castle again.”
This young boy was content with their solitude and in his free time fed what scraps he had to the birds, and watched the bees with their flowers.
“Yes,” Castiel swallowed hard and gripped Dean’s hand.
They spent the rest of their days together, happily married and living in the large castle. Everything they needed was provided.
“Come,” Dean guided Castiel to the large bed adorned with silk and velvet sheets, and plush pillows. He sat down and pulled Castiel into his lap, ran his hand through Castiel’s soft hair and kissed him again.
Castiel’s hands shook but he bowed respectfully which seemed to please the Beast. After the Beast looked him over he said, in his rough voice, “Good evening, old man. Good evening, Beauty.”
“What is the matter?” he cried.
Poor Castiel, very distressed, said to them, “I have indeed caused this misfortune, but who could have guessed that to ask my father for a rose in the middle of summer would bring so much misery? But as I did the mischief, it is only just that I should suffer for it. I will therefore go back with my father to keep his promise.”
Castiel groaned himself when his tongue made contact to the pink, untouched hole, as soon as he tasted the slick he just wanted more, enjoying the pulling on his hair and the little moans and whines coming from above him.
"Turn over, ass up." Dean did as he was told turning over so his ass was in the air. Dean felt very uncomfortable in this position as he couldn't feel Cas behind him.
Dean teased his finger around Chase's ass until Chase got fed up getting hold of Deans hand backing onto the finger, Dean was surprised how easy it went in. "Have you done this before?" Dean asked.
ALSO Sam leaves the bunker when Dean and Cas are doing the naughty-naughty stuff!
This human (me) is possibly drunk and sleepy, please be gentle! And tell me if it's confusing... please. Feedback is really needed.
"Okay, at home." Cas gave Dean a kiss before the both collected their clothes, getting dressed.
I have no idea what I'm doing...
Skipping his way up to the door was probably the worst thing he could've done, as the black car came around the corner with Sam, Dean and the angel. "The fuck you been!?" The door was opened quicker then he expected from a hungover man. "I was just hanging out, with friends again." Connor kept himself at the bottom step of the porch.
"Wh-what? Where am I!" Dean woke up looking at three guys, one looked like Sam, one looked like him and the last one looked like Cas. "Why do you look like my brother, me and my best friend?" The Cas lookalike just bursted out laughing, while the other two just stared. It wasn't until the tall one, the Sam lookalike spoke out "I'm Jared, that's Jensen and that's Misha.." Dean groaned, rubing his hand across his face. "Not again!"
Not tonight though as Sam was staying over at a friends house, leaving Dean and Jensen by themselves.
"Take care of me? Just because you're my mom's friend don't make you special cuz, you do shit... Jay has been beating me up for a whole two years aand guess what you do, Nothing! Just like how you won't take care of this -" Arrow lifts his shirt up, blood still casually flowing down his chest, the brothers looked at each other. "- and let someone else do it." Arrow sat on the floor.
"Dean, don't let this fucked up psycho kill me!" Lisa was wiggling around trying to get loose. "Master do you need to kill it?" Dean looked towards his Master who was sat on a little chair. "Hmm, depends if she's worth it.. but she'll be a great training dummy for me." Cas smiled at Dean, prowling towards him. "Master!? What the fuck Dean! You're just as messed up as this fucker!" Lisa sneered, after coughing blood.
"Yes, you have to have him, he's been assigned especially for you Castiel!" Castiel dropped his head and wings, only he had to put with a Demon.
Dean and Sam spent the first few days never leaving each other's sides. Castiel and Gabriel were always watching the boys closely, only because Cas noticed Dean would constantly look over at him making sure he was there.
“I-i… I love you, Dean.” Castiel whispers looking into the green eyes. “You’re mine.”
"There not even the worst scars, I've got more I'm surprised you haven't noticed them.. well I guess I never show you my back?" Castiel slowly shook his head, as Dean turned around so Cas could slowly peal his shirt off.
"Yeah, but. Hey, maybe he can tag with us?" Dean was just as surprised at what came out as Sam was. "Are you serious?" Sam asked shocked. "Well yeah, he's actually useful we could train him to be a good enough hunter."
"Maybe we don't need girls anymore then." Dean thought out load but Jensen just nods along when Dean pulls his soft cock out of Jensen only just to disappear into the bathroom to get something to clean them up.
Sam blinked in surprise, but he watched Dean whither in Castiel's lap. "Caaas!" Dean tried to get away from the hand that was now invading his panties.
"Alright, well I'm having a party tonight and you're coming!" Jensen didn't get to say anything before being dragged by Chris.
Sam could feel his mouth water looking right at Deans cock as he waved it in front of his face, teasing him. "Go on touch him, Sam."
"C-Cas... I'm c-cumming!" Dean came inside of Cas' hand over the bed sheets, while Cas came inside his ass.
" Sam mumbled to himself, he had stopped his pacing, so now he was sat at the table thinking. While Dean and Cas end up play fighting on the floor.
Dean making a move to stand got a pillow to the face, "ah ah crawl to me." Castiel smiled when Dean got on his hands and knees crawling towards his lap. "Come to sit in Daddy's lap." Shuddering as Dean lifted himself up taking a seat on his Daddy's lap, Dean left a gap between his dick and his Daddy but nothing ever went the way Dean hoped.
Jimmy helped out with the planning to but Dean and him picked out songs.
"Would you just sleep, it's not that big of a deal." Dean whispered. "Not a big deal, I'm in bed with a dude that I don't know! Unless you're used to sleeping with strangers?" Chase groaned when he realised the way he phrased it, making Dean give a small chuckle. "Seems to me that someone hasn't had one night stands before."
"Guess you can be as loud as ya want now." Dean chuckled, hitting the spot inside Chase again. "Then make me scream Dean. Go on, fuck me as you mean it." Chase purposely poked at Dean, until he got the reaction he wanted, Dean pounding into him. Chase was holding onto the headboard opening his legs wider letting Dean use him. "Dean... I-I'm close.." Chase panted as Dean got faster. "Come for me then, baby boy." Chase moaned as Dean lent down to kiss him while wrapping a hand around his dick, jerking him until he came over his chest, ass tightening around Dean making him pull out to finish himself off over Chase's chest. "Fuck,fuckfuckk." Dean groaned completing himself cum over Chase.
Dean felt Cas break hard making the person behind hit their car horn, "Wait, you think that you're gay?" Dean shrugged "well I don't know, I thought I liked women but yesterday I didn't feel anything, they feel different..."
************
Connor had his hands in Deans' hair gently tugging getting small noises coming from Dean.
"Hehe, I've fucked more guys than girls, so yeah, I've had a few fingers in my ass." Chase was alternating between fucking into Deans' fist and fucking himself on Deans fingers. "I fucking knew you were a naughty boy," Dean laughed but was cut off as Chase kissed his chest, but Dean turned them over once removing his fingers from Chase.
"Like what you see boys?" Dean sat back down, opening his legs purposely wider. "uh, o-ok, Dean and Jensen. T or D." Again they picked dare, but this time Misha was going to pick something that might put them both off. "Dean I dare you to put Jensens cock in your mouth for three minutes, no moving or sucking! When that's done I dare Jensen to jerk Dean off for two minutes!"
"How about no," Arrow feeling brave enough for once punched Jay in the face, stepping back once step before Jay growled shoving him against a wall with more strength Arrow was expecting, knocking the wind out of him. "Sorry?" Arrow whispered closing his eyes, but nothing came as Jay was pulled off him.
"You're an
"Shit..." Jensen breathed as the first one of the three took a swing at him, before being thrown across the room landing on the hard floor. Misha clearly showed up after hearing a crash and noises from the old barn. They both somehow killed the creatures, after one caught Jensen with their claws, ripping open his shirt and skin, both Misha and Jensen made a run for the car just to speed off from the house.
"Castiel, aren't you breaking a rule?" Dean asked quickly before he was thrown on to the bed just as he had with the girl. "I don't care, you need me, I always come when you call me." Castiel whispered, Dean didn't know what to say, the words clearly effected him in someway but why.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Dean, I've wanted to tell you something..-" Cas voice shook "-I've fallen for you... I probably should have tried to tell you this before.. I'm sorry."
"Sure Sam, knew that girl was bad and shouldn't let him go home on his own. Fuck!" Dean hit the wheel with his hand, Sam didn't say anything continued to look out the window.
Castiel was standing by the table looking down at his latest victim, she was a young girl no older than 16, with long flowing blonde hair that was beautifully painted red with her own blood, as well as her lifeless green eyes that stared right at Castiel. Castiel smiled at himself cleaning the blood stained on his blade.
Strolling through the hallways his eyes scanning the children before landing on the one he was after. "Sam?" Castiel saw he made the boy jump before he turned around, he was lucky that Sam was standing on his own, but he could also sense a small hint of fear in the boy. "Yes, sir?" Sam mumbled out Castiel smiled down at Sam "I saw the news about your brother, sorry about that. But I have something important to tell you about your brother."
"Nice to see you too, little brother," Lucifer growled out shoving his way past Castiel looking around most likely trying to find Sam and Gabriel. Who were sitting in the living room watching another movie.
Misha looked up towards Jensen noticing that his head was thrown back and small moans were leaving his mouth, Misha couldn't help grinding against the bed and moan around the cock in his mouth moving his hand to wrap around the base of Jensen's cock to jerk him off. Misha opened his eyes again but this time Jensen was looking down at him, before gripping Misha's hair trying to pull him off but Misha wasn't making a move to get his mouth away from Jensens dick.
"So my pretty, baby boy can't come? Hmm, shame I would love to see that pretty face of yours. I would love to clean the sweet taste of your cum from your chest, slowly." Cas leaned closer to Deans ear, the small gasps from Deans mouth was signalling Cas that he was close. Cas took Deans left nipple into his mouth, Dean arching off the desk gasping as Cas bit his sensitive area. "Cas I need to come! Let me come!" Dean felt the familiar warmth of a tear falling down his check, all it took for Dean to come were the last few words that left Castiels mouth.
I was sad and anxious, as I came up with this idea.. It's just something that's randomly came to mind... you can comment or you know.
Dean growled to himself following the black wings that belonged to Castiel.
Arrow managed to stay undetected until the principle spotted him, "oh Arrow, wonderful I was just abo- who did it?" She crossed her arms, Arrow saw Sam and Dean take a step back. "No one I just fell over while running, also why ya need me?" Arrow stared at the floor.
"Nothing! I just feel, ugh!" Connor flops down looking up at Dean. "You feel what?" Dean propped himself on his arm looking at Connor. "I just feel .. dunno, different when I'm like with you, and sleeping with you - not like that - but sleeping with you isn't helping me calm it down, then I had that dream and now I feel like I want a dick up my ass." Connor pouted as he finished. Dean was still looking at him smiling. "What?"
"Oh yes, I'm fine if you don't mind me asking but what is your job?" Dean was about to speak until he saw somebody he knew walking towards his direction "shit, uh I just star in a few things.."
"Alright, since Matthew and Sam are busy being besties and researching these Demons, and Cas has been touching your wings for the past few days. I would like to have some time with you." Dean sat down on a couch beside Shay who was figuring out how to turn a tv on. "That seems fair. What would you like to do with me Dean?" Shay couldn't have sounded so innocent even if he tried.
"Starky, its a great name Cas." Dean laughed at Cas who was smiling down at Starky.
"I'll do it." Castiel was swinging a blade in his hand moving towards the man as Sam stepped away. "L-listen I gave half the money away!" Castiel smirked leaning over the man.
Cas and Dean have some more problems.
“Oh, nothing, I didn’t mean to tap you, but… Did you do this with everyone?” You were curious and seemed to leave both men speechless for a moment, as they both were finding away to answer you. Blue eyes ended up answering, “depends, some girls get boring old deaths, little girls get quick deaths, and girls like you, the ones that scream get the special deaths, Dean has a taste for blood and cum together or not doesn’t matter, I enjoy watching him tear my projects apart as I also love to tear them apart but you…. You y/n are different, you seem fascinated with watching us do what we do to you, why is that?”
"Rule number one; You can pick the names you call us by, but you have to use that when you're talking to us, or when we want an answer, got that?" Jensen was the first to speak.
It was silent in the car as they drove to a quiet place so they could do whatever it was they were doing, Connor didn't understand but followed behind quietly.
"Ok, T or D! Dean and Cas!" Dean instantly gave Misha and Jensen a glare. "whats T or D?" Cas was sat confused "it means Truth or Dare, pick one!" Dean snapped at Cas who quietly said Dare which Dean picked as well. "Kiss for five minutes!" Jensen laughed out when Misha finished. "Why do I have a feeling that this turned into a couples T or D?" Dean got a smack on the ass which he totally didn't moan or blush after. "ok, so you do like rough sex!" Jensen tapped Deans ass again making him move off the couch quicker standing in front of Cas. "You sure you wanna do this dare Cas?" Cas pulled Dean in crashing his lips with Deans. "Holy shit..."
Deans eyes suddenly widen when he gets the full scent of Cas, his green tail relaxes against the rock as he smells the water around Cas. "okay, you just proved me wrong, Alpha. But can't we still be friends? Its not like I wanna fuck you when I'm going into a heat or something, I haven't even had my first heat yet!" Cas was about to roll his eyes at Dean, but he quickly turned his head "you haven't had your first heat yet?" Shaking his head Dean moved over onto his back, leaning more on Cas. "Also I don't think its going to be a good idea to be friends Dean."
Dean was now shaking when he heard the rumble of his fathers car, Dean instantly stood up when his father walked through the door. "what's going on?" Dean looked towards his mother who nodded. "Dean, has something important to tell you." John placed his car keys on the table in the dinning room. Turning to Dean a second after, wait for Dean to talk. "I-I'm gay dad..." Dean looked up to his father seeing the look of his eyes change completely.
Jay whispered looking up once seeing the look in the Alphas eye, which made him whisper 'fuck it' inside his mind, as he gets up on his knees gripping the Alphas shirt pulling him forward roughly pressing his lips to the others, earning a feral noise come from the Alpha which also causes him on his back on the bed, looking up at Dean. "Alpha..."
This was already planned so enjoy but also
Dean stayed by his window for a good few hours, just watching the people unload boxes and other stuff. Until a nice black BMW car pulled up on the drive way. Dean swore he stopped breathing for a sec when he saw the man that got out from the car. Leaning closer to the window thinking he'll get a better look, at his new neighbour.
Castiel
He replied quickly telling him he was fine and the apartment was exactly how he wanted. Stretching out his legs, walking towards the kitchen making himself some toast.
Dean just wanted to get coffee and go back. "It was easier.. but I need to get this to my dad..." Dean could see the way the man had shifted. Dean was sniffing around himself.
"No, I want to be untied!" Dean kicked his legs out. "And I want to play with you, but some little boy is being a stubborn little shit, now I'll untie you until I know you won't run off, or I'll gift you to my brothers they'll like a new toy to destroy." Castiel removed his hand, walking towards the door. "I'll be back with dinner, hopefully, you'll be more responsive to me."
Collecting his keys from the small table that was already there when he had got in there.
Dean had to forcefully drag Cas out the kitchen while telling him to stop being an antisocial bastard. "This is Cas. My boyfriend." Dean proudly announced to his mother and brother. Cas and Mary both gave each other smiles before Castiel spoke up.
Shay and Dean were still giving each other the silent treatment, mostly Shay. Until today where Shay felt an odd present of something, new angels and demons had appeared in earth. Shay ignoring the men inside the bunker, is dealing with it on his own.
Shay feeling the car stopping in a low lit place it looked old but Shay hadn't been awake for a long time, so everything was new to him for the last time he'd been walking around on earth. Being dragged was not fun but it wasn't like Shay could do anything about he couldn't feel anything, probably the side effects of falling from the sky at such a high speed.
Alpha.
its time for you to leave, I prefer my boy not to be scared anymore then he is now." Castiel instinctively pushed Dean so he was behind him when he hopped off the table. "Fine bring us that present though, Gabriel will hopefully treat this one better without destroying it." Lucifer had to drag Gabriel who was busy looking at all the sharp knives, and other weapons that were placed around the basement.
Dean had stayed under the covers as he destroyed himself for a good few hours, only leaving the room for food before going back to destroy himself more. Until the point, he couldn't take it anymore running out the bedroom door only to smack right into a solid object. Cas. Looking up to Castiel who was looking back at him with those blue eyes. "Oh Dean," Castiel whispered as Dean let himself fall into his arms.
Castiel didn't have time to react as he was shoved up against his front door with Lucifers hand around his throat, "you've gone soft Cas, maybe I should toughen you up and remember what you are." Castiel saw Dean in the corner of his eye, as he continued to glare at his brother.
Dean woke up sweating, and alone in the bed, looking around the room the sun barely shining through the window as Dean slid out from under the covers. Walking out the bedroom padding down the wooden stairs to the kitchen, hoping he would find Castiel.
Comment on how you feel about this, it's a working progress so any judgement is fine!
John turned the lock on the door, before he stood behind Dean. "I'm going to make sure you remember to get more suppressants - ah don't make a sound Dean - otherwise you'll be the bitch you're supposed to be." Dean could feel his eyes starting to tear up.
"No! Stop it, please!" Dean struggled in his fathers grip he didn't even care what he would get after this. Dean relaxed slightly when he felt the heat from behind disappears, but it wasn't long Dean screamed as his father forced his cock into Dean. All Dean could do was stay there and take it.
“All this fuss, because you met someone but didn’t get their number or name and you can’t stop thinking about them?” Dean glared at Bobby who was staring at him with a grin.
The alpha would sit behind his desk, Dean would stay sat on a pillow by the desk. Well that was what Dean was ordered to do. "Daddy, am I going home with you?" Dean was spread out on the floor on his back with his legs wide open.
Dean growled as the angel kept teasing him. "Fuck my little cunt, I'm so wet for you thick Alpha cock, Daddy." Dean couldn't miss the way the Alphas eyes went darker. "There's the bitch I know." Cas said, his face disappearing in between Deans legs lapping up the slick that was now pouring out from his hole. "CAS!" Dean moaned his hands gripped the sheets.
Dean shook off his shirts and pants, leaving him in his pink panties, handing the clothes over to Castiel to place so they wouldn't ruin anything, Dean looked over the blade of the knife looking disappointed. "This not sharp?" Castiel and Lucifer both chuckled, being Deans attention to the table with more knives for use.
Jensen only had to look at Dean for him to get the answer he needed. "Alright, looks like we gotta build you up." Dean patted Jensens shoulder as Sam walked in with a kit to help patch Jensen up.
Cas lives with Dean and Sam obviously!
"Just needed someone other then my brother, also I don't think you'll ever be comfortable in those clothes, you need a new outfit," Dean was sat on the edge of the bed as Castiel had sat near the headboard. "It's because your mother died, that's why you don't want to be here?" Castiel turned his head so he looked at the back of Deans head who had shifted. "Yeah, that's why Cas. Sam just doesn't get it, you probably don't but,"
Dean said to the angel who stopped sniffing Deans ass.
“Thanks, Cas.” Dean half smiled bringing himself closer to the alpha, he wasn’t a cuddler! Wrapping his arms around the alphas neck burying his head in the gap between his shoulder and neck. “Mmm Alpha.,” he mumbles rubbing his head against Cas’ neck.
“She tastes sweet,” You hear them whisper before you scream when the knife gets inserted into your left side below your ribs, “oooh, fuck Daddy I gave you a good one.” You would’ve looked over at them but the pain was forcing you to keep your eyes shut. You had never felt so much pain before it was only going to get worse when the blade was removed slowly.
From Cas - 9/01/17 - 5:23pm: Hael is with her father for the weekend.
By the end of the day, Castiel has assertions from all four partners that they did not send him a phony Valentine, though now they’re demanding Castiel find out who sent it and tell them. Castiel can only assume they already have another bet going. It must be wonderful to be bored and incredibly wealthy.
“Why?”
Castiel looks to the man coming from the other room, and his jaw drops.
“Your ex ain’t a fluffy-haired veterinarian I hope.”
“Woah, woah, woah, woah, woah,” Tessa says, looking back and forth between Dean and Ketch, “when did you see Dean’s
From Cas - 8/26/17 - 10:23am: Also Balthazar routinely sends me Belgian chocolate…
“You remember,” Charlie says. “Two years ago, the hot chocolate.”
Dean’s stew is delicious, of course. The hearty flavors remind Castiel pleasantly of home. Not the house Castiel shared with Amelia and Claire, but the home Castiel grew up in, the cream colored house with the white picket fence. Castiel painted red stripes on one of those pickets as a child, right near the gate. He’d wanted it to look like a candy cane, but it looked more like a barber shop pole. Castiel’s parents had punished him for the vandalism, but they never painted over it. Castiel drove past that house on his way out of Pontiac, and even with his parents long gone and a new family living there, the stripes are still there.
“You awake?”
He wonders why they all assume he
“So those rumors about her stabbing her last boyfriend aren’t true then?”
“I’m not supposed to laugh, right?” Dean says, grinning when Castiel’s expression sours. “Alright, alright. Where to?”
Castiel nods, letting go of Dean. He takes a step back and crouches to pick up Dean’s sack of potatoes. “Alright,” he says, handing the bag over, “I’ll see you soon, Dean.”
To Cas - 8/04/17 - 5:46pm: phone got kicked under the seats
Castiel runs a thumb along the jagged scar. “Please don’t think you have to justify yourself to me, Dean. I know what… I know what it feels like to feel like you have no other options.”
in the past two years.”
“Hey, if you’re still tired, why not get some more sleep?”
10 months in, Connors difficult feelings grew, the more time he spent with Dean the more demanding the feelings were. Sleeping in Deans room most nights didn't help, Hell he shouldn't even be in Deans room he's a seventeen-year-old that doesn't need to be in his dad's bed whenever he has a nightmare. So Connor laid wide awake the first night he decided to sleep in his own bed.
“Let’s go kill, my precious little demon,” Castiel yanks Dean down to a bruising kiss making the Winchester let out a moan and pant when they pull away from each other. “Ok daddy,” Dean murmurs out standing up on his slightly none working legs but manages to jump in the pool not really caring but it cleaned up some of the mess, as well as accidentally splashing Castiel in the process he didn’t look that mad but Dean made quick work rushing out the pool and running into the house while yelling out a name to allow Castiel to find the girl he mentioned while he hid in their bedroom.
"Its Christmas and nobody wants me..." Cas felt his heart break for the Omega sitting down by Dean stroking his hair.
His blade has still covered in Deans blood, but he didn't bother cleaning it.
So after that night, when the Winchester brothers saved you, you went off hunting on your own for a little while, until you bumped into them again four years after the demon. And now you were now tagging along with the brothers, but the feelings for Dean never left you, in fact they were getting stronger towards the older male.
"Also I love you Dean," Castiel let out a chuckle when Dean wrapped his arms around his neck. "I can't say that, yet."
"Cas!" Dean yelps when Cas slammed into him faster, hitting his prostate over and over again.
Dean woke up before Cas, seeing the teacher sleeping pleasantly next to him, Dean was cuddled into his side, feeling perfectly safe. The safest he's felt since he was around ten years old Dean looked around the room he was currently in.
"Mish.. can I.. could I try something?" Jensen looked down at the light blue eyes that belong to his boyfriend. "Do whatever you're comfortable with," Misha wriggled a bit as Jensen straddled Misha surprising him.
Dean looked between his parents and the Alpha Castiel. Dean ended up walking towards Castiel, a happy Omega scent filled the room. "I pick Cas." Dean said more towards John then anything. "Do I get to go home with him then?" Dean looked towards his mother more then anything, who smiled at him "Only if you want to Dean, don't rush things got that."
Leave comments the feedback is great so far. I'm glad people are enjoying this. :)
“Cas! Ohh fuck, Cas, knot me. Please, knot!” Dean couldn’t control his mouth as he begged his nails digging into the back on the alpha, uncrossing his feet relaxing his whole body letting the alpha fuck him, feeling the knot start to swell and the thrusting getting hard Dean tried to meet but his body wouldn’t allow it.
Sam looking at the golden eyes that were staring at him as he leaned in closer, his lips brushed Gabriels gently.
Dean heard himself gasp when the scene changed so the Omega was on his back moaning as the Alpha was busy in between his open legs, lapping away at the slick that was leaking out. The small whimpers and whines, from the Omega getting his ass eaten out, but it wasn't until the loud moan of a certain word that made Deans toes curl and his breath quicken up.
"Sure, let's go back to mine, also you gonna tell your friends your not leaving with them?" Chase turned around Dean was watching him while Sam was talking to him. "Yeah, just give me a sec." Chase gave the girl a smile that she returned with one of her own when he walked away.
John agreed, leaving Dean naked and horny in a strange alphas office. "Do you want anything to eat or drink?" Dean shook his head not knowing if he was allowed to speak. "Mhm, you're a little one. That's perfect for me."
"Help me," Dean was close to tears as Cas wrapped his arms around Dean freeing him from the bed covers.
"Hands and knees, come on I'll try not to make this painful but no promises!" Castiel watches the boy carefully drop to his hands and knees before he began to do what he wanted. Dean by the end of it had tears coming from his eyes as Castiel yanked the final strip off "does someone need a cuddle?" Castiel looked at the boy who shook his head, Dean was very stubborn when he wanted to be, that's what made Castiel excited, knowing he's got a challenge on his hands.
Dean just watched the screen of the two kissing on a bed, the Omega had straddled the Alpha, Dean kept himself from touching himself as he watched the two on the video. It wasn't long til Dean stripped off his clothes, but he left his red plaid shirt hanging he never get completely naked unless he felt comfortable,but his boxers were soaked in his slick as they were slowly dragged down his legs. Getting himself back on his bed, spreading his legs his small cock laid on his stomach as he continued to watch the video.
"Lucifer." Castiel glared at his brother who was standing at his door with a  smirk on his face.
"A Lizard?" Cas tilted his head at the small creature. "Shit, I - I thought you might like it but I didn't want to ask what your favourite animal was so I thought a lizard might work be-" Dean was cut off by a kiss. "I love it Dean, I'm surprised you even got one." Cas smiled.
"Alright, we'll be back, kay Sammy?" Dean said from the door, who only got a nod in return.
Dean was sat in his room at the bunker, the floor was covered with paper and his laptop was rested on his lap. Sam would come in and check in on him occasionally, only to get a grunt from his older brother.
Once Cas and Dean, had quickly made coffee. They walked back to the living room, Cas noticed Deans notebook on the couch, but he didn't look at it. Dean was on the other side of the couch, pushing his notebook towards Cas "just look in it!" Cas placed his coffee on the table in front of him, just to turn back to Dean who was sitting crossed legged on his side of the couch.
"Hmm, you grew into a handsome young man, Arrow." Arrow took steps back every time she came towards him, "U-uh t-thanks?" He felt himself getting backed up to the desk, she stalked towards him like he was prey, hands running down his chest her lips coming to his ear. "Mmm, little innocent Arrow."
"No need, I'm going to treat Dean how he is supposed to be treated. Unlike how someone had been treating him so fa-" Castiel was cut off by a loud growl.
After he was clean, only then he noticed his lack of a towel and clean clothes. Scooping up the pile of his sweaty clothes holding them close to his body opening the door, to awkwardly run through the old bunker hallways... and he just had to bump into someone, well two people, Dean and Cas, causing him to skid making him fall on his ass dropping the clothes.
Castiel already knew the trick to this, act like the animal, person, role you're meant to be. Cas felt himself changing, not like the other time when he pasted out, this time he felt everything change. Sam even braked quickly, as Cas changed.
"He was treating me like a bitch should be treated, cuz omegas are just useless toys for alphas.." Dean heard his Daddy growl. "That's not even the right thing to do, clearly your father has beaten the wrong information into you." Dean walked closer to his alpha rubbing against him.
Dean nods slowly saying goodnight and going straight to bed, Cas did the same.
"Gabriel thinks him and Sam should get breakfast, do you agree?" Gabriel nudged Sam who smiled following him out the room and downstairs.
Castiel shook his head, but there was a hint of amusement in his eyes. “Should I be honored?”
That last part becomes even more evident when Dean drags himself downstairs—after Claire threatens to barge into his room and drag him out herself—to find Castiel in a three piece suit that looks expensive enough to cover Dean’s grocery bill for two months and clings deliciously in all the right places. His hair is slicked back—with gel? He never knew Castiel owned a comb let alone hair gel—so that not even a hair is out of place.
