Cas' face pales even more than it already is, and he shakes his head. "No. I-I don't wanna go. I can't go."
Even with being an angel, his heart beats, and the sound calms Dean down a little.
"H-how long?" Cas eventually whispers, voice rougher than usual.
Cas glances down at the bottle, eyes widening. His gaze flies to Dean, and he can see the fear clear as day. "Dean.... I...."
A hundred million thoughts are running through Dean's head as he hurries through the bunker's halls. Why did Cas do this? What signs did Dean ignore? How long has Cas been harming himself? How long has he been feeling like this? Thinking like this? Was there anything Dean could've done to prevent this? Could he have possibly stopped Cas? Is.... Is Cas going to live?
"Cas, can you do this for me? Please? I don't want you hurting, and as much as I want to be able to fix it myself, I can't. Please let me take you to the hospital," Dean pleads, voice going softer.
Then, he wouldn't eat. He claimed he wasn't used to having to eat again. Dean even tried to get him to eat a peanut butter and grape jelly sandwich, but the ex-angel turned it down. He'd usually skip out on meals where they were supposed to eat together, instead hiding out in his room. When he did join, he ate very little, and moved his food around his plate; other times, he wouldn't eat, instead just sitting there and talking with an empty space in front of him where food should've been.
"Hey buddy," Dean croaks, trying to keep his voice level. It breaks anyway. He clears his throat, eyes watering. "Thought I lost you for a second, there."
"Why would you go to such lengths to get me back?" Even though he has a somewhat-angry look on his face, his voice is soft and confused.
He wants to talk about this.
Dean glances at Cas once he finishes talking, raising an eyebrow at the wide-eyed look on his face. He opens and closes his mouth a few times, unsure of what to say. He seemingly decides, clenching his jaw before speaking.
Cas wordlessly comes to stand a few inches behind him, to his left, and watches Dean through the mirror. They lock eyes, and a few seconds pass before Cas is leaning forward, arm reaching past Dean to turn off the sink. He then gently pulls on Dean's shoulder, turning the man to face him.
Eventually, Dean can't take the silence any longer. "You told me you love me."
Cas' hands fidget with his bottle, a habit he's picked up since becoming human. Whenever he's anxious, even if it's just barely there, he fidgets with whatever closest thing he can. Dean thinks it's an adorable habit, and when Cas is spiraling, it's a clear tell.
The closer he gets, the more his heart pounds and his senses fade before sharpening and his focus is purely on that pile of tan fabric. Any thoughts of the Empty dissipate instantly.
Cas swallows nervously, nodding in agreement. "Yes, I believe so."
"It's happened before, Dean," Castiel supplies.
Dean's sobs pick up as he lets himself go, the toll of the day's events finally showing. Cas runs his fingers through Dean's hair, pressing a kiss to his temple as he lets him cry.
Dean sighs, leaning over so he can catch Castiel's eye. "That's not going to happen, buddy. I'm not kicking you out again. This is your home, too. At least, I hope you feel that way."
Yet, Dean never did anything. Never pushed for answers, thinking Cas would come to him on his own. He thought Cas thought of him as a safe space, someone he could tell anything to without judgement.
He doesn't notice the angel until he catches a glimpse of tan in the mirror, and he whips around, suddenly alert. Once he sees and realizes it's just Cas, his shoulders slump and his mind goes back to the hazy state it had been in before.
The entire time Dean is pouring his heart out to Cas, actually telling him what he really wants, Cas feels like his own heart is a second away from beating out of his chest. Years ago he'd resigned himself to loving Dean quietly, secretly, as if doing so was something to be ashamed of. He had been terrified of Dean's reaction.
The blonde shudders, and Cas can feel the sob he tries to muffle into his shoulder. He brings a hand up to cup the back of Dean's head, running his fingers through the wet locks as he rests his head against Dean's.
"And what did you have to do in return?" Dean asks, hands flexing on Cas' back anxiously.
"I'm human? Yes, I am, and I'm okay with it. It's going to take some getting used to, but I hope it won't be as hard as it was before." Cas averts his gaze as he says the last part, and Dean can pick out the sadness clear as day even though it's subtle.
"Why didn't you say anything?" He asks instead, voice quiet and fragile.
Castiel's brow furrows in confusion, and he tilts his head. "What do you mean?"
Cas looks down, frowning. "I'm sorry."
"Your room," Dean says those two words like they explain everything, but they just confuse Castiel even more.
"I'm okay, Dean," Cas tries to assure him. He knows Dean's worried, and he doesn't want him to be.
Cas freezes up, eyes widening again. He stares at Dean, heart racing. His cheeks color, and his face feels hot.
It's all on the table now. Cas' confession, Dean's reciprocation, Dean's desire for a relationship. Now Cas just has to tell him he wants the same thing.
Cas lays down all the way, and reaches out to grab Dean's arm, pulling him into him. Dean doesn't try to protest, instead letting the angel pull him flush against his side. Dean shifts so his head is resting right over Cas' heart.
No. Kevin alive. Bobby alive. That’s what I have to focus on. Sam in Heaven. Cas doesn’t remember anything. Killing Gavin would make everything better. He should be dead, anyway. Dying in a ship wreck or something. He shouldn’t be alive.
Castiel sometimes found himself thinking about that at random times of the day, just like now. If he couldn’t dream while sleeping he decided to dream while awake. The image was still vivid in his head but he knew it would soon lose its colors and soon fade away. Times like that Castiel wished he was dying again.
The angel frowned at the man, silently asking him what had gotten into him. At that, Dean must have noticed their current state because he quickly stepped away like he was burnt.
he had ignored for a long while now. The
shoulder.
changing sides out of selfish reasons and the accusation hurt her, – the last sentence stood out like a demon among angels.
He hadn’t had a good night.
How could he… How could he go to Crowley?!
“The ripple appeared in this time not long ago” Benjamin explained. “Europe, Asia and Australia are already in an other timeline. All connection broke with those areas.”
“Why not?”
white light into an already
Sam smiled at that.
“Prove that you’re an angel. Like… show me your wings.”
Dorothy took the stones between her thumbs and index fingers and turned her hands to look at both of them from every direction. She looked at Charlie then.
Dean frowned at this.
Beth panted heavily, anger twisting her features, but after a long moment her teeth took a more human look along with her eyes. She moved her gaze around the three of them, then it settled on Dean.
When Lee left, Bobby rubbed his face. What Lee said was true. Too true. They took safety for granted. There was a big storage room packed with food. The water was cleaned by some kind of magic because after flushing down the toilet, it came back cleaner than anything Bobby had seen. He didn’t know what the Men of Letters had expected when they had built this place, but they were prepared for everything.
“This is one timeline and yours is an other” Emma… Cas explained. “But since our timeline had a change in its past, it began to merge into the one closest to it. Namely yours. After we fix that change you won’t die but return to your own and we return to ours.”
“Um, his name is Ezekiel. He's cool.” Then he added uncertainly “I mean, I think he is.”
Gadreel answered.
Sitting back inside the car and couldn’t shake off the feeling that something big, something horribly big would happen soon.
One and a half hours later the girl finally moved. She opened and closed her mouth, like she was trying to say something. Her blood was already pooling around her feet.
The demon moved his head around, locked eyes with Dean for a moment, then Crowley sighed tiredly and looked back at the paper, now being able to lean closer.
’ the angel asked when Sam sat down on his bed with a book in his hand.
“Calm down” Sam warned him. “According to the GPS, he’s in Colorado Springs.”
Kevin put the photos back in the folder with the document, then opened the journal on the first page.
“You are saved.
Dean spun his blade in his hand and stepped in front of Cas.
And with that, Death was gone, leaving a long silence behind him. Did he just… warn them about an approaching threat? Why would he?
“Dean?”
“That was after I took Theo’s Grace” he explained. “When he took mine he told me to settle down, have a wife and babies, and when I return to Heaven, tell him my story.”
Castiel smiled.
“It was more than a few months.” Castiel ignited the car and drove away from the storage. The dead meat suit of the demon bumped to the side of the trunk when he turned on the road. “Our souls were sent back in time.”
Sam, Charlie and Dorothy left a few minutes after Dean woke up the next morning. He rubbed his eyes, said good luck with a yawn he could barely held back and went to the kitchen to drink some tea. He really missed coffee but he couldn’t drink any until the end of January and it was killing him.
Castiel sighed and dropped his gaze.
“Hello there, Cas. You look awful.”
And with that Dean realized he should buy some presents too, because Christmas would be there soon and when was the last time he had a real Christmas in a real home with a family? Before his mom had died when he had been three. He made a mental note to start some preparations. It was December already. He had to buy a tree and get some decorations and make a lot of food and he should tell Jody too to come over… He shouldn’t be excited by the thought only, but he was. It would be great.
someone came for him.
Lachesis just smiled at that.
“Release me…” I repeat. I clench my fists and my body shakes with anger.
“Should I tell Emmanuel?”
A young man is sitting on the bed. He pulled his knees up, embracing his legs with his arms tightly. His hair is unkempt, greasy, and his cloths haven’t seen a washing machine in weeks. The guy looks at me with curious eyes.
“I’m listening, son.”
I won NaNoWriMo with 52750 words :) I'm halfway through chapter 33.
And she just now noticed that his hands were still on her waist and her were still gripping his shoulders. It wasn’t a comforting touch. It had more in it. It was warmer and safer than the touch on her hand a few weeks earlier. How far it was now! Like it had happened months ago. And how far they had gotten. She had learnt human gestures and words. She had learnt the meaning of the emotions whirling inside her. The angel she used to be was now only a shadow from her past. She was sure she wouldn’t be able to turn her back to this now. She couldn’t turn her back to who she became. And most of it was thanks to him.
When they got closer Sam looked at Dorothy and motioned to the left. The woman nodded, took Charlie’s hand and guided the other to the left side of the house. Sam, Jody and Annie went to the right.
Gadreel sensed Sam tensing up and Castiel’s grip around the wheel tightened.
Dean jerked his head up.
“I know you…?” he says, unsure.
“I don't know” Dean answered hastily. “I mean, first he was okay, and then he wasn't. And I… Have you heard my prayers? I've been praying to you all night.”
But he couldn’t say anything because he was interrupted by a loud knock.
“And no coffee.”
“You have no place here!” the Empty hissed, it’s voice sounding like a roar. “Humans have no place here!”
“Yeah.” A small smile appeared on Dean’s face. “Guess what? Reverend Jim knew my maternal grandmother and my paternal great grandfather.”
“I’m not sure I know what you mean –”
“Sorry.” Sam decides to break the ice. “How are you and Dean, Cas?”
Sam hurried Jack out to the garage.
He took one step when he heard a creak towards the door.
“yes. we are together.”
The following morning at breakfast he decides to ask about couples.
“I would’ve won if she hadn’t bumped into me” Dean mutters.
Why can’t he breathe??
He continued staring at the Cas. Could it really be him?
Then he was running down the hallway to catch up to Sam and Jack.
So she decided to take the more “adult, nsfw, approach”.
He continues to walk aimlessly through the halls and passes by sam’s room first. He briefly stopped by the door when he heard what sounded some a muffled scream. Grunt? He was about to knock when he recognized Eileen’s voice saying some very descriptive things.
“Dean, I –”
Sam glances back at her as she wipes away tears.
His vision is blurry as he turns back to Cas and he scrambles for any last-minute attempt to keep him here with him.
Her job here is done.
“Yes. They are kids. You are a grown man.” Cas quickly responded.
Charlie catches their shared smile from across the room and walks away from him.
“What the fuck was that!” There’s a bit of anger in his voice as it mixes in with the confusion.
Sam fills Charlie in on the plan but decides to not include Jody and Donna. He doesn’t want to make Dean feel like they’re all ganging up on him.
Dean take a tiny step towards Cas to try to stop him, but Cas catches the movement.
Sam is very cleary, struggling to contain his laughter “wait so are you guys together??”
Dean snorts and makes his way to the refrigerator, “Dude. We’ve been together for about 6 months already. We were betting how long it would take for you to finally notice.”
He took a few steps before turning back to look at Cas.
“Cas, you’re human now.” Dean swipes his thumb at a falling tear on Cas’s cheek.
Sam and Jack stood to the side with a feeling of impending doom at the pit of their stomach.
Silence. Fuck. He must really be pissed. We were just having fun! Dean was mentally preparing his arguments and rebuttals.
“Dean.”
“Hey, you’re not going anywhere okay?” He leans down as he forces Cas to meet his eyes.
“Yeah well, don’t go dicking around again by calling that goo shit back to us.”
Cas hears another bang behind him and knows their time is coming to an end.
“Y’all should go to bed and get some rest.” Sam broke the awkward silence.
They stared at each other until Cas spoke first.
What?
“Son of a bitch!”
Cas continued before Dean let his thoughts run wild, “I’m back for good.” He offered Dean a smile before continuing, “but the condition was that I come back Human.”
“Because it is.”
“I love you.”
They noticed Cas touching Dean’s arm before disappearing back into the hallway.
Cas chuckles at that. “I don’t think it would want me now anyways.”
Dean closed the door behind him and barely had a chance to fully turn around before Cas’s hand was on his head healing his broken nose.
That calls his attention. Cas tilts his head up and furrows his brows in confusion.
“Dean! Let’s go!”
Fuck that! It will work. It has to work.
“Claire?”
He’s hit with an old, musty smell as soon as he steps foot inside.
“What the hell happened!”
“Cas, don’t.”, Dean pleaded.
Dean continues rambling on as he stands and helps Cas to his feet, “I mean, there’s cooking and other basic shit but also shaving. Oh, I can teach you how to shave! And fishing! I already had to teach the kid so I think I can handle you.”
“I’m really back. And I’m here for as long as you’ll have me”
Sam rounds the corner to see Eileen doubled over in laughter as Dean is running his hand under the faucet.
Locked with a red-rimmed, teary eyes stare.
Castiel.
This was it. The sign he was looking for. The opening he’d long been waiting for.
“What the fuck is happening??” Sam’s a bit irritated at this point. Is this some kind of joke?
“Oh man, we’re gonna have so much fucking fun with this!”
Don’t you fucking leave me Cas!
He stands up and stomps to his room.
Cas nods subtly but keeps his eyes from meeting Dean’s. Shame quickly fills him as the reality sinks in that he will no longer be useful to him.
Dean pulled back to really look at him.
What the fuck.
The bunker shook violently all around them.
Charlie smiles at him. “You should tell him that you know, I’m sure he’d like to hear that coming from you.”
Cas glanced towards Sam and Jack with a solemn look and then towards Dean. He took a few steps forward while trying to hold back his tears.
CRASH!!
Charlie’s the first one to suggest shots.
Cas walked off to the room assuming Dean would follow closely behind.
Panic starts to set in for Dean as he hears a gargling noise behind him as a black ooze starts to leak out from the wall.
“I don’t know, but let’s find out. Cas c’mere!”
He notices sam and eileen are very cozy and openly loving towards each other and have even seen them hold hands and kiss.
“O-M-GEE same!”
Cas did nothing at first. He stood in shock.
Fuck.
“Dean –”
“Yeah, well someone has to teach them how to do things properly” Dean playfully bites back.
Maybe he was wrong. They’re just the very best of friends.
“Thank you for everything. I love you.”
He scans the room as he tries to make sense of why he’s still here, sitting in front of Dean. Talking to him.
And he waits.
“We were teaching Jack how to slide in his socks” Claire spoke first.
They were softer than what he’d imagined.
Dean chanced one last look at Cas, his angel. That beautiful sad smile and those blue eyes swimming in tears would haunt him forever.
He has to put some force into opening the doors, but they eventually budge.
Sam gives up on trying to help Jack out and settles on just watching the game unfold. He glances over to Cas as he lets his thoughts run freely.
Realization starts to hit and finally make sense of the situation.
Where’s Dean??
Sam sighs.
“Dean.” Cas finally spoke.
How long are they going to dance around this? I know about what Cas said to Dean. HE TOLD ME! Basically had a panic attack while talking about it and now they’re back to being so casual around each other?? I mean the eye-fucking hasn’t gone away but someone HAS to make a move soon! Right??
But Dean interrupts again, a bit more anger in his voice, “I LOVE YOU???”
IT’S HAPPENING!
“Dean…”
Her laughing fit starts again and he knows he’s lost her for another few minutes.
“No!”
“Dean, my grace –”
This is going to work.
“No, listen. My grace. I can’t feel it anymore.”
I cared about you.
How is this even still here?
Leaving Cas to face his death, alone.
The four of them looked everywhere trying to figure out what was causing it.
It’s gone. The goo is gone. Billie’s gone. Cas is-
“It’s a funny story. One you probably won’t like, but one that I've made peace with.”
Strange, he must’ve sensed his nightmare before me.
“Cas?” his voice sounds so small.
He takes a couple of steps toward the figure.
“Things are getting too uncomfortable being around Cas and Dean and I just need them to admit to themselves that there’s something else there, you know! I just need your help to subtly hint to both of them on how awesome the other one is, you know? Point out what’s right in front of them.”
Cas’s voice came out rough, “You should go. He’ll be here soon.”
He’s struggling to get a full breath in, and realizes that he’s crying.
GAME ON.
She had noticed the longing looks, shy glances, and very clear eye-fucking from across the room.
‘Castiel’ seems to snap out of it and meets Dean’s eyes.
Dean continued staring at him. Confusion and curiosity written all over his face.
Something he hadn’t done in a while.
She glares at him. “Your angel over there is on his 5th BOTTLE, I think i can handle my fourth glass”
“Dean, please, can I stay here? I can’t – I don’t know If I can do it by myself again” He’s ashamed of how weak his voice sounds.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Cas!” his voice cracks.
Where was he?
“Hey help me out with the hand please”
He tried to put everything into that one kiss.
Dean crashes into the wall but never takes his eyes off of Cas. He’s vaguely aware of the warmth he feels inside him as Cas’s eyes glow in his direction.
Sam should be happy. He should, but he’s really just annoyed.
“It would appear so. And would be the only explanation as to why I am still here.” Cas diverts his gaze from Dean once more, feeling shy.
You changed me Dean.”
“What?” Dean tilts his head in confusion.
Cas finally looks up and sees Dean trying to control his breathing. He reaches out to help calm him but notices he can’t reach him.
“There’s no need to worry, not really.”
Cas is reluctant in answering.
“Goodbye Dean.”
Dean’s face must’ve shown his worry and panic because before he knew it Cas was right there in front of him.
“You know how he gets when we’re having company over.”
“You really are a bad influence on them, you know” Cas finally spoke.
Cas chuckled at that and kissed him again.
“Dean, I can’t begin to thank you for everything. You and I, we’ve been through much together. You’ve shown me what humanity is capable of. I—“
Well, at least he’s almost there.
“You’ll take care of him?” Sam looked towards Cas.
“Well ideally yes.”
Cas smiled and gave him a quick kiss.
Would this even work?
The black goo comes into the room like a tidal wave and for a couple of seconds Dean sees nothing but black all around him as it consumes Cas and Billie.
“Dean –”
Dean started to speak but found his throat aching and dry.
Everything hurts.
An hour.
“He’s fine, but thank you.”
He breaks a stool he found and throws the broken pieces at the nearest wall.
“Dean.”
“Why do you ask?”
“I love you Castiel.”
Eileen slaps Sam’s arm and looks towards Charlie.
Dean makes his way to the table and leans in to casually kiss Cas before sitting down.
“Cas, you’re human!” Dean repeats with a bit more enthusiasm.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no!!
The figure takes slow steps towards Dean.
He follows her line of sight to catch Cas sipping from said bottle.
“Say less!”
Jack and Claire looked at each other and retreated to their rooms in silent giggles.
“Why does this sound like a goodbye?”
But before he can make his presence known, he sees Cas lean over Dean as he holds his head down and whispers something in his ear.
They’re both tense and on high alert as they make their way towards the general direction of the crash.
Sam clears his throat and asks Eileen to help him out in the library.
Almost like he didn’t want to spook him.
“Huh, I guess you win.” Cas casually squeezes Dean’s hip before sitting next to Eileen.
“He’s busy trying to beat Jack at Connect Four.”
‘Castiel’ continued, “I guess it shouldn’t surprise me that you’d try to bring me back. But choosing this location….why?” the thing tilts its head the exact same way Cas did.
Castiel can’t help but smile at Dean’s words.
There’s another loud bang behind them as the door finally gives way and bursts open. Billy stalks into the room with the scythe in hand, ready to kill them both.
“Dammit Cas” he forced out as his voice broke.
Dean is refilling his glass when Charlie sneaks up on him.
Claire and Jack on either side of a sheepishly looking Dean with a bloody nose.
As Dean’s eyes roamed his surroundings, they locked with Cas’s.
“Cas, I –”
They all down their drinks as Sam catches Dean staring at Cas.
“Cas.” Dean exhales.
He’s gone. Not just dead but gone.
“Exactly! They’ve seen how we live already, how is today any different?” Sam’s about to point out another move when Cas gives him his best death glare.
It has to work.
She continues staring at him but decides to drop it. Dean is next on her list.
“I used everything I had to keep you safe from The Empty. I pushed every ounce of my being to protect you, and it seems I may have ‘burned through my supply’” Cas air quotes.
“Nothing, I’m just – I’m happy.”
He quickly nodded. Not taking his eyes off Dean.
That’s right. I’m at this stupid barn.
Jack seems to consider that before adding, “and you have the sex with only people you love?”
“Look, Cas –”
Fuck! I need more time!
As they walk out he leans in to her and whispers, “Hey, you think you can help me out with something?”
That night he can’t sleep and wanders the halls of the bunker. He typically finds Cas during nights like these and spend hours playing board games and talking about his father’s days as an angel. But he can’t find him and assumes he’s off to heaven for the night.
He eased himself onto his feet to assess the damage he did.
He can feel the rocks and gravel underneath Baby as he pulls up on the dirt road.
Dean’s eyes filled with tears as he turned back to look at Cas.
Sam hears hushed whispers as they get closer to the map room.
“Hey, hey, hey, Cas. You need to calm down.” Dean pulls him into his chest.
Sam glances at the wall.
Dean clears his throat and tries again, a bit louder. “CAS?”
“Yup!”
It’s been a year since “the final battle” with Chuck happened. One year since they earned their free will back. One year since everyone came back to them. One year since Cas came back.
Jack moves his token to block Cas’s potential win and can’t help himself from smirking.
But Cas isn’t listening anymore. His breathing speeds up as his throat begins to tighten. He can’t help but recall the last time he was in this situation and surrenders to the tears.
“Oh come on Sammy! Where’s the fun in that?”
“I’m slaving away to make sure this place is presentable and we have food for everyone! Now’s not the time for pranks! Sam, call Cas for me. He’ll help me finish up.”
Dean struggles to get himself upright and crawls towards the body.
Sam cackles.
Here came more tears. Dammit, it’s like he has zero control over them nowadays.
The silence seemed to stretch longer than before.
It hasn’t changed. Not much.
Instead of immediately responding Dean gives him a confused look.
Sam’s reaching for an unopened whiskey bottle as he yells out, “Hey Dean, how much liquor do you think it’ll take for Cas to get drunk with us?”
Cas, not knowing how to subtly escape, glances around the room “Yes, well, I’m quite drained as well so I will see you all in the morning.”
Cas glares at him, “That’s cheating!”
“I love you??” Dean interrupts.
The road was always a place of solace for Dean. But today, he was finding it difficult to even focus on keeping Baby in her lane.
Sam’s voice broke the silence, “Dean, we have to go.”
“Just curious.”
It’s gone.
“What the fuck!” Sam looks towards Eileen who’s trying to hold in her laughter.
Now it’s Sam’s turn to look confused. He turns towards Eileen but she just shrugs.
Dean has his eyes closed. “Of course I love you” he says quietly.
Eileen tilts her head as she watches Sam swallow down a biteful of his omelet. “Yeah bud, we do. Why? What’s going on?”
Cas walked up to Sam and hugged him.
When they finally pulled apart they pressed their foreheads together and looked at each other. Breathing each other in and basking in the moment.
He’s always known Dean wouldn’t be able to reciprocate, but it’s ok. He never needed him to say it back. He just needed him to know.
“It’s ok. Go.”
Everything he was holding back is suddenly flooding his senses.
“And I honestly didn’t think I’d be sitting here dealing with the aftermath” Cas says sheepishly.
‘Castiel’ seems to be taking in his surroundings and didn’t hear Dean say his name.
“Cas, how are you here? I watched you die. Really die.”
Sam suggested Eileen take a subtle approach but she had different plans.
There’s a short pause before Cas appears.
“um. yes” Sam chuckles and nervously shifts in his chair.
Reaching out to place his hand on Dean’s cheek.
“It was too easy. I just touched his shoulder and he jumped so high and knocked over the pot with water!”
Dean didn’t think about it. It was now or never.
This bastard is smiling. He’s leaving me and he’s smiling!
“I love all of you.”
The creak of Baby’s door helps ground him as he steps out into the open air.
He then directed his eyes towards Sam and Jack.
He quickly shuts the door and runs off to his room.
“You can’t just say shit like that and then leave Cas!” There’s an edge to his voice that Cas can’t quite define yet.
Sam smiles and as he looks towards Eileen who wears a matching expression.
Cas wasn’t buying it, but he didn’t push it.
Even though Jack is only four years old, he likes to think that he’s advanced for his age and he’s very perceptive about everything around him. Particularly the couples that surround him.
“Yeah man, Cas said it’d take you a couple of weeks. I said it be about a couple of months before you picked up on it.” He’s pouring milk into his cereal when he points to Cas, “You owe me $20 by the way!”
He decides to just go back to his room and watch Netflix when he hears grunts and slamming coming from Dean’s room.
How long had he been driving?
Fuck.
“Don’t do this Cas.”
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
He reaches for the duffle and takes a steadying breath before walking towards the doors.
“Besides,” Cas turns his focus back to the game, “Donna, Jody, and the girls are coming as well.”
“Yeah but this is just Charlie and her girlfriend.”
“Dean?”
Truly gone.
“Get Jack to safety and finish this.” Cas’s eyes filled with tears. “Really. I can do this. Go.”
Dean had been avoiding Cas’s gaze but slowly met his eyes. Crap, he’s pissed, Dean thought.
“Cas, please.”
“Cas?”
He can’t help himself as he’s filled with hope again.
Dean and Cas are different. He understands that they have a bond within them but they don’t show any of the “normal” signs of being together like Sam and Eileen. Are they together?
And despite everything going on around them, Castiel’s final thoughts are of Dean. And so, with imminent death around them, he pulls Dean close and uses the last bit of his grace to protect him as he shoves him aside out of harm’s way.
Kissing is something he’s seen on tv but can’t comprehend how anyone can enjoy smashing another person’s face towards their own. He makes a mental note to ask Dean about that.
And it hits him.
Absolutely nothing!!
“Are you saying you’re human now?” Dean says slowly.
Did he pass out?
Dean looked at Sam hoping he’d help him plead with Cas.
“Yes?”
I cared about Sam.
Cas stepped towards Dean.
“I think Sam finally figured it out.”
“I told you you couldn’t stick that landing old man.”
Jack absorbs the excitement and asks “so does that mean Dean is my new dad now? Wait, who gets the baby from the two of you?”
“Dean bet Claire that he could slide further than her and he crashed into the wall.” Jack said matter-of-factly. “I’m pretty sure he broke it.”
As he slowly creeps his head inside the dark room he sees the outline of Cas holding Dean down.
They leaned into each other as they steadied their breathing. This was everything they needed in that moment.
“What the fuck happened here?” He looks over to Eileen but she’s obviously in no state to answer him.
There he is. My beautiful human being. He gets it.
“That’s okay. Take some time out, you deserve some rest.”
Kevin was outraged. This was not in his nonexistent job description. He was a teenaged Prophet of the Lord, not a potty trainer for crying out loud!
Hannah bit her lip and entered. But stopped immediately when she felt something was very wrong. The bunker didn’t feel like it supposed to be. It was filled with a depressing aura, the same that radiated from Sam, and not just him but Castiel was missing too.
Dean raised his hands in defense.
The first one was a photo of the Liddell family. Father, mother and two girls. The older was Alice. Her dark hair was tied up with a ribbon. In the mother’s arm was the second girl, maybe a week old. Kevin turned the photo. One the backside somebody wrote: ‘
Mammon notices the change. His face, his ugly real face, darkens with horror and anger. But I don’t leave him time to act. I raise the first blade and stab it through his leg.
The demon was mocking him. The angel felt rage growing inside him.
is in the bunker.
The woman looked at her, surprised at first then a huge grin appeared on her face.
“Of course.” Dorothy nodded and pulled down her sleeve. “There’s a box of it back at the base.”
“Will he be okay?” Sam echoed Jody’s question as he looked into the rear view mirror.
“I knew there was something off with his story. Not just because I didn’t believe in this stuff back then. When I asked if it had been the deputy, he laughed. But when I asked about his old man… No sound, blank grin and pain in his eyes.”
“I’ll give you a long and slow torture” he explains. “I can’t kill you obviously, so I’m going to enjoy every moment of our existence.” He steps closer and grabs my chin, holding it tight. “I have plans with you, Dean. Big plans. Ones that even Alistair would envy.”
If only he could be able to talk about his own fears and problems.
“What do you want you filthy Winchesters?!” he started, completely forgetting about his usual ‘Hello boys’.
Sometimes Gadreel found Sam incredibly stubborn. It seemed to be a Winchester family trait. But Sam needed sleep so with a heavy heart Gadreel used the same method he used on Kevin the other day.
Like he was just waiting for this, the former angel stepped inside the library with a steaming mug in his hand. He looked so grumpy Dean couldn’t help but chuckle at that.
“Don’t” he muttered.
Sam blinked.
“I’m not finished with the whole yet. There are a few more lines on the tablet I have to figure out but I’ll finish with it soon.”
Bobby shook his head. He pulled out a chair and sit down, facing the two boys.
“That’s a big change after the warmth in Oz” she commented with chattering teeth.
did he know what it was? No time for questions. He had to take it back to the bunker as soon as possible and call Cas…
My mouth falls open. He’s talking about the year I spent with Lisa and Ben. Was he there? Did he see me living with them?
Dean caught up and the three of them walked to the front door. Castiel observed the area, the green field that lay before the house, the building itself… and the boy that watched them from the second floor window who quickly stepped away when the former angel noticed him.
“What is a Fate doing here?” Dean asked, clearly in an attempt to turn the conversation to an other direction.
“I fed them. My choice” Annie explained. Her voice was shaking slightly. “My brothers brought me food when I was hungry. So when they struck out on a hunt, I fed them. They're my family.” Annie took a deep breath. “I have to save them.”
“I’m here to find some answers. You see, I was keeping an eye on that little ’Team Free Will’ of yours since the Fall. You acted just like I imagined until one certain day.” Metatron pointed at Dean. “The day when you rushed to save Castiel’s hide. I was surprised. It was so out of character for you to bring Cas back when you were the one who sent him away. So I kept a closer eye on you, as close as I could get, then you know who appeared? Sariel.” The angel shook his head. “Sariel, Sariel… The last time I saw zir, ze was a bright little thing, showing up only when it was necessary. You could imagine how surprised I was when ze banished Gadreel from Sam. And all the mess out there ze makes… And I just know it’s connected to you Winchesters. It’s always you.”
Dean glanced at the angel and Sam was sure he saw something flickering in those black pits before he looked at Sam with a toothy grin.
“Hannah?” Benjamin frowned at her as soon as she stepped out the portal. “You seem… happier?”
They both were silent for a long moment.
Reverend Jim sighed.
Claire Novak was in the bunker.
“Then how do you know?”
“There’s nothing.”
Vesta snarled and pushed her backwards toward the wall. Dorothy stood her ground and pushed back but the goddess was much stronger than her. Her arms started shaking from strain and splinters dug deep into her palm.
Dean looked up. Sam watched him with his soft and sad eyes. His big hands closed around his tightly, squeezing them, not caring if he got bloody too.
“Yes” Sam nodded with determination.
“They’re my family.”
“You ready?” Dorothy asked, taking the key of Oz out of her pocket.
“Like in Home Alone?” the former angel asked and tilted his head. In that movie the main character, Kevin, used simple tools found around his house to defeat the robbers.
I hate that word. Too many memories of the bad kind. Order means following Dad’s every word without questions. Order means if I do something wrong, I’ll be punished. Order means a cell I can’t escape from because if I do, someone else will get hurt.
I can't tell you how much I hated writing this chapter... I should have written Dean's part when I wrote it from Cas' POV...
Hannah turned away before Castiel could see her face. She didn’t want him to see her like this. She had to be strong so she could support him.
“Ze was never a…
As soon as Dean pulled himself together he raised to a sitting position. He felt dizzy after the sudden movement but he didn’t pay much attention to that when he took a look at his surroundings. The sun was already up. Not so high above the horizon but higher than he wanted to. It meant he was late. And it was confirmed when he looked at his phone. Eight AM. And he still had six hours ahead of him.
“I can’t let you go alone” she said. “You don’t have your Grace. You have no chance against Malachi and his followers.”
Theo walked closer to him.
No. I can’t let them leave. If they find the other ingredients, they will go back and stop Abaddon. Then everything I did would be for nothing.
But they had one problem.
“Sam told me you might be thirsty when you wake up.”
“It doesn’t empower him to hit you.”
Sam’s lips parted slightly. Truth to be told, nobody seemed to care about him that much nowadays. Not that he needed the attention. As Hannah worded, the ripple, Dean and Cas were their top priorities. He himself didn’t really think about himself or anything else. But now, somehow it was… nice that someone asked about his well-being. It made him feel like he…
But what about Sam? And Dean? If Dean came along with them he was a human too, right? Or the Mark of Cain was so strong even time couldn’t erase it? Had it grabbed his soul and followed him here? He wanted to call him but… would he want to talk with him? The meeting previous their last one wasn’t the best. They both did and said things and Castiel regretted everything. If Dean was still a demon he was sure he wouldn’t feel it. Demons, especially powerful demons who lacked any traces of humanity, would never feel regret. They would never feel any human emotions.
“But then James stopped coming and the hunters were so… lost. The Men of Letters provided them the lore they needed for a hunt. I think the Campbells established some kind of a library.”
When they entered the kitchen Kevin already heard most of the story from Cas. Muriel dead, Malachi dead, Gadreel banished, plus the mysterious supernatural lady. And now the angel from Castiel took his Grace was in the bunker.
Dean stepped back in an attempt to run away from here as far as possible. On his way out however he slipped and he couldn’t grab anything but the shower curtain that he tore off the rod when he fell. He hit his head. Bad. The throbbing made his eyes water up and he groaned as he tried to sit up without success.
was so confusing. There was the love she felt for God, just like every angel. There was the love she felt for humanity, because God had asked them to love them more than Him. There was love for Castiel, a deep bond between brother and sister. And there was
Hannah stood her ground as Sam stepped threateningly close to her, eyes locked in a hard stare. Hannah had just arrived from Heaven with the news. She had come here as soon as she heard it and as expected Sam didn’t want to believe her.
what was that? – that much.
” Dean asked.
“Look at that.”
“Oh.” Nora tried to keep the cheerfulness on her face but it was clearly seen she was really out of options. “Do you know anyone as reliable as you to look after a baby? You were my only hope.”
“I hope so.”
They both fell on the ground. The demon hissed at him angrily and aimed at his stomach but Dean was faster. He stabbed the bastard in the head which lit up with a yellowish light as the demon died.
The former angel sighed and folded the blanket which he then placed on the bed. According to his watch it was six in the morning. He didn’t know when he had fallen asleep or when Dean had left without him noticing it. Humans were so vulnerable while sleeping…
Something moves in me that unsettles me for a moment but push it away as a smirk forms on my face. So Sammy wants to see his dear big brother? Then he will see his big brother.
“I wouldn’t have noticed, thank you.”
“You wouldn’t believe me if I told you.”
Sam decided it was a bad idea to punch Cas. With his fading Grace he was still an angel. And angels were solid like a marble statue. Powerful waves of pain ran trough his arm from his knuckles to his shoulder without easing and an hour after the punch he couldn’t move his fingers. He broke his hand. Great. He couldn’t imagine what he missed from his life but now he knew.
Castiel found the tension in the bunker unsettling. Maybe the hunters didn’t voice their disagreement with Sam staying in the bunker, but the angel had eyes. He could see the unfriendly glances they sent the younger Winchester when he wasn’t looking. Sam noticed it too, of course, but he chose to ignore it. Castiel respected his patience regarding the situation. Unlike him, the angel took matters in hand. Whenever he saw someone looking at Sam in any way but normal or friendly, he openly glared back, showing them the anger of the angel he still was. Every time this happened the hunters looked away or left the room. This went on for two days until everyone learnt the ‘don’t mess with the angel’ lesson.
“Gadreel said there were Enochian symbols on the wall of the vampire nest” Cas told him. “He drew them down but neither he nor I could translate them.”
The nest had been wiped out. As soon as Annie saw the bloody remains of her vampire family she turned around and buried her face into Jody’s shoulder, holding onto her as the sobs rocked her body uncontrollably. Jody hugged her tight, soothing her the best way she could.
Castiel felt deeply offended by this. Who was this demon to say things like that?
I frown. No, he didn’t fail me. What the hell is he talking about? I open my mouth to ask, but he talks again before I can say anything.
“I let him on purpose. I had to see your reaction.”
Castiel ducked his head, trying to make eye contact with his sister.
But before he left, he looked back at the man.
He finally
Dean turned around. Tessa was standing there, watching him with her usual calm expression.
Cas would be back here when we arrived. And I thought it would be awkward for a while, Cas confessed then died then would suddenly be back from the dead. Of course it would be awkward and knowing the guy he would apologize and say that it’s okay if I forgot about what he said. And I also thought that I…” A new rush of tears had run down his face but he hadn’t bothered to wipe them off. “I wanted to say so many things to him, Sammy. So many things I should’ve said a long time ago.”
“Why would Death tell the truth?”
He shook his head.
“A man with green eyes?” Bobby had frowned. “Why?”
Castiel’s hand trembled.
Sam sighed and put down the apple. He lost his appetite.
“Where’s your brother?” Dean asked, looking at the pishtaco and her husband.
Soon after entering the city, they arrived to the address Malachi had sent Castiel. It was an old car service. The sign next to the entrance gate informed them that the building was under construction and it was dangerous to go inside. Perfect hiding place for anything supernatural, like abandoned storages, empty farms and old cabins up in the mountains.
Also... Can we talk about how the Cas/Charlie brotp became canon last week? Thank you, Robbie! I'll build a shrine dedicated to you and offer my tears as a sacrifice for more gems like this.
“In his room. I came to tell you that we can start the interrogation.”
The hospital trembled and Gadreel quickly stepped back and went to the window. He didn’t saw anything outside yet. Dean came back who then drew protecting sigils on the walls and left again. Outside windows shattered and screams were heard and in the room Gadreel did everything he could to heal Sam but he couldn’t. The monitor was beeping loudly when Dean entered. Blood covered his face and cloths.
“You know. You started to spend so much time with humans and so little time in Heaven that your Grace slowly started to convert itself into something else. A soul.”
He looked up and screamed.
For a moment Sam didn’t recognize Bobby. Was he now friends with the King of Hell? Didn’t he remember the deal? Or when Crowley had plotted with Cas behind their backs?
and he didn’t know why but
The man stood up and walked to the other side of the desk where Bobby sat, and leaned on it, looking into the older man’s eyes with seriousness.
The angel’s eyes flared up with blue and Sam blinked at them.
He hadn’t told Sam everything, of course. How would he? Sam found out about the beatings, okay. That one part he could tell him. But John Winchester had done those things because Dean had deserved it. Or at least he liked to believe it. Losing food money. Getting hurt because he hadn’t paid attention. Letting the monster escape. Letting Sam hurt in any way. Dean had deserved to be punished.
As he watched Meg walking to the door, Castiel felt a smile growing on his face.
A timeline where Bobby and Kevin are alive. Where Cas is still an angel who doesn’t remember anything, me included. Sam is dead but I’m sure he’s up in Heaven with Jessica. That’s where he belongs, not this rotten place to live an awful life.
“I’m sorry” he repeated.
“That would be great, thank you.”
“I don’t know why I was captured” said the man. “The guy with the British accent, the one you called Crowley. He sometimes came to see me. Never asked anything, just mocked me and my wife.”
Man, who knew the aftermath of a panic attack would be this head splitting migraine?
Shit. I kicked him out last time.
“Because you cared – I cared.
“Well last night I was taking a walk inside the bunker because I couldn’t sleep and I heard Sam and Eileen having the sex” Jack glances towards the pair as Sam furiously blushes and Eileen snorts out some of her juice “and then I heard noises coming from your room.” They all watch as Dean’s face morphs into one of pure terror as Jack continues, “I thought you were having a nightmare so I opened the door and saw you and Cas having the sex. I think. That’s what i think it was.”
Dean is searching Cas’s face as he tries to make sense of what was just said.
Cas and Jack were currently in the middle of a very intense game of Connect Four.
Shit. There’s always a catch to these things.
“Well I’m tired as shit, so I’m gonna head off to bed. Y’all are welcome to stay in the spare rooms” He looks towards their guests before locking eyes with Cas and walking off to his room.
“Is this really happening??”
Dean’s vision went blurry. When did he start crying again?
Tears were now freely falling, long given up on trying to hold them back.
“Just come to bed already. I fixed your nose, but you’ll still feel that headache in the morning. You have to have some sort of consequence.”
The first thing he sees is the deep green of Dean’s eyes as they search his own face.
“He really is something else huh?”
Jack lunged at Cas as he wrapped his arms around him.
Dean pulls him towards him as he helps him sit up.
He sets the items on fire and calls out his name.
He can’t help but smile at Dean’s excitement, it’s a bit contagious really.
He can’t do this!
He stepped forward and grabbed Cas’s face and pressed his lips to Cas’s.
Dean walks towards the center and gets to work.
He came back for me. He came back. For me.
It was dark out already.
Oh! They must be having their sex time right now!
What started off with lips just pressing against each other soon turned into lips moving in unison.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Hey wanna fill mine up while you’re at it!”
No! No, he can’t think like that. Not now.
He glances back to Dean and Cas but Cas is rolling his eyes at some very bad joke Dean just told him.
Cas snorts “Dean doesn’t accept compliments too well. Trust me.”
He lays out the dish with the herbs and materials he needed. He perfectly draws the enochian symbols that are required and fires up the four candles that correspond with each sigil he drew.
“Whoa what??” Dean interjects at the same time Sam says “What makes you say that?”
Silence. He continued looking at Cas who kept his gaze everywhere but at Dean.
“and that is how you create babies?”
That’s when it sinks in for Dean.
The doors gently opened up, and he saw him.
Cas uses every ounce of grace and humanity to make Dean understand the real meaning behind those words. He can feel the grace burning through him, but he can’t bring himself to care because at this moment … he is free. He is happy.
“He’s still cleaning in there?”
This isn’t real. He isn’t real.
4 hours?!
It will work.
There’s a tingling sensation on his arm, he can’t see, and he can’t breathe.
“Dean, I didn’t need you to.” Cas smiles.
“CAS!!”
Sam jolts up and instantly reaches for the gun under his pillow. He gets to his door in three easy steps and pries his bedroom door open. As he peaks down the hallway, he takes notice of the sudden silence and steps out into the hallway, bumping into Cas carrying his blade.
She chances a glance at Dean and catches him staring at Cas before nodding subtly to the hallway.
Cas beams at him.
“I’ll take that.”
Dean brought his hands to cradle Cas’s face and one hand went for the back of his head.
“You couldn’t just talk to me about this? Like a normal person??”
Cas spared a quick nod at Sam’s direction.
“Oh ok, yeah and you’re doing such a great job are you?” Claire retorts.
Dean was struggling to hold his tears back and keep his voice even, “Cas…”
Confusion overtakes him as he takes in Dean’s face. His beautiful face filled with worry and concern for him.
“Claire?”
Remembering the last time he woke him up, he decides to be cautious and peep quietly inside.
“It’s you and me now baby. Forever.”
Claire tries to hide her giggle as Dean glares at her.
Dean’s eyes snapped open and locked with Cas’s piercing gaze.
Cas hasn’t spoken but hasn’t taken his eyes off of Dean.
Cas tilted his head and smiled.
Jack furrows his brow as if he’s trying to remember the events. “It looked like he was hurting you but you weren’t complaining.”
No, no, no, no, no. Say something Winchester!
It’s not a question.
Sam smiles and glances towards Eileen and Charlie. It’s happening tonight, he’ll make sure of it!
He feels his way throughout the leather next to him until he has his phone in hand.
Cas gave him a sad smile.
They all laugh and a synchronized “FINALLY” was said between all of them.
This date was the main reason Dean was currently obsessing over the kitchen. They were celebrating tonight.
“We’re fine actually.”
They eventually pulled away to catch their breath and Dean leaned his forehead on Cas.
“Now you mentioned it…” Ed pulled out a notebook from his pocket. Harry never understood why kept a pen and paper with him when his phone could do almost anything. But Ed could organize everything better when he wrote it down. Just like this one thing. “I keep my eyes on strange news and I found something strange about two days ago. Groups of people were brutally killed all around the States and maybe in other countries too in the past month. We’re in Texas now, checking out one if those killings and guess what? They were djinns.”
An other time he heard whispers. The number of the habitants of the bunker had grown so he at first didn’t pay attention to the voices. Maybe Sam and Cas were talking or something. But the longer he listened the sooner he realized the voices were inhuman snarling and snickering mixing together into an orchestra of horror. Every time he heard it – and that happened too often for his taste – Dean hurried back to his room, made a salt line in the doorway, sat on his bed – yes, he
Castiel blinked a few times before he could focus on the faces at the table. After Sam’s greeting, Dean and Charlie turned to look at him, both smiling.
He wouldn’t let that happen again.
Castiel smiled apologetically.
Meanwhile Cas walked to Sam and shared a friendly hug.
“I know very little about what happened to you while I lived my peaceful childhood” Sam continued. “I was told to read the books because I would understand you more.”
“The ones who are lying!” Bobby yelled back in a sudden flare of anger, completely forgetting about poor Daphne.
Those six words send a shiver through the ex-angel, and he fights to keep it from showing. He looks over his shoulder to the doorway of his room, where Dean is standing.
"I want that too," Cas blurts, his voice barely above a whisper. "I used to be content in just loving you quietly, in secret, but now that I know you love me too? That I can actually have this? I want it. I want whatever you're willing to give me."
They're both remembering the first time Cas had become human, and how well that had worked out. What Dean did.
Dean's pretty sure Cas was cutting himself. Bandaid wrappers would be in the garbage bin along with bloody tissues and Cas would appear with long sleeves. He even saw a bandaid once when his sleeve rolled up. Dean questioned it, but Cas' excuse was that he scraped his arm on something and it bled. Cas had been careful after that, never letting anyone see the bare skin of his arms.
They don't speak about that moment until after Chuck is turned mortal, after they bring everybody back and bring Miracle to the bunker.
Dean's own heart is doing double time, and he's sure that his cheeks match Cas' in redness. It's too late to backtrack, not too late to change topics. Except Dean doesn't want to talk about something else, he doesn't want to deflect for once in his life.
"Cas? ....Cas?" Dean stumbles over his own feet as he rushes to Cas, cupping his face in his hands. "Cas, buddy, wake up. Come on, this isn't funny."
Castiel gives him a small, lopsided smile. "It's okay, Dean."
Dean avoids Castiel's gaze, and Castiel looks around the room, silently agreeing with Dean's statement. He hasn't added anything to it, it looks just as unlived in as it did when the brothers first discovered the bunker.
It happens suddenly. It happens just as he's about to push himself off the dungeon floor and start the long drive to Hastings, Minnesota. Inky black begins spreading on the wall like it had hours before, and he's frozen in his place on the floor.
When he does, he shoots back up, eyes wide as he stares down at Cas. Cas, who's alive; Cas, who's hand has stilled in the air; Cas, who's eyes are wide with surprise, disbelief; Cas, who whispers "hello, Dean" like it was a casual Thursday and like he hadn't just gotten taken by the Empty hours before.
Nowadays, the feeling of being unwanted is worse, with him being human and all. Feeling emotions this thoroughly, with his whole body, is not something he missed about being human. It's overwhelming, and it leaves him drained.
He knew before that he couldn't have it, couldn't have Dean, not because Dean didn't reciprocate, but because it'd make him happy, and then the Empty would've come.
Cas isn't a threat, even though he has blood on him like Dean does. Instead, Dean's shoulders lose some of their tension, knowing he's a little safer with the angel around. He still doesn't relax, but he feels a tiny bit less wound up than before. It's an improvement.
Guilt crashes over him, and Dean swallows, voice cracking as he replies, "it won't be. It may be hard the first few days, but it won't be like before. Never."
"What do you want it to be?" Castiel asks. He knows what he wants, he's pretty sure he knows what Dean wants, but he wants him to say it.
There's truth to his words. Angel's aren't supposed to feel things like that, they were made to be unable to feel that way. Cas, as always, was an exception. He doesn't know how, doesn't know what allowed him to, but he fell for Dean. He wasn't supposed to fall at all, and with all of his reprogramming, he wasn't supposed to feel things as intensely as he did. Dean Winchester changed that.
"It's okay to let it out," he says softly, mouth close to Dean's ear. "You don't have to hold it in."
Cas looks at Dean again, hesitant, and the scene makes the hunter's heart ache. "Really?"
"What happened.... I wasn't in control of myself. It made me think of how I felt with the Mark. Then, when they made me attack Sammy, Jack, you, I just.... I couldn't help but think of that." Dean's voice is as soft as Cas', and the hunter shifts before continuing. "You guys could've stopped me. Jack could've easily stopped me. Why didn't he?"
“Then get rid of it. If it only causes problems then take it out. You can be a human until we find where Metatron put your own Grace.”
Castiel swallowed hard. He hadn’t heard about dead angels yet. Crowley was probably lying. Using his weakness against him.
His phone buzzed again as Sam’s next message arrived.
“Now, look at that” a voice cut in before he could finish. “The Righteous Man all in black. What a sight.”
Sam smiled half-heartedly.
The woman looked displeased not getting the chance to gossip but she answered the question. All victims had. Dorothy thanked her help then looked for Charlie with her eyes. When their gaze connected the younger woman quickly said goodbye to a nervous Suzy and went to Dorothy.
“You are scared” Dean continued, now speaking to the Empty itself. “You were dragged out of the place you always knew into this world. It’s confusing and scary and you’re lashing out on the one who caused all of this. You’re not doing this because you’re evil. You just want help.”
“It’s okay. Really. You must have a lot of work to do.”
“What?!” Sam gaped. “But we just got back. We smell and we’re tired.”
and he would be stupid to
Tessa squeezed his shoulder then let it go.
Sam heard Hannah huffing while Dean said:
Hannah sighed and turned to the bed. She had to focus on the task ahead, namely watching over Castiel.
The silence was heavier than before. Dean forced his legs to stop shaking as he slowly stood up, avoiding eye contact with everyone.
The Winchester paused.
“Tessa.”
Castiel blinked and looked at Susie with confusion. Susie frowned at him like she didn’t understand his silent question.
The bar I’m in right now is great. Every bar in general is great. I figured out soon after I left Hell that I can drink as much as I want without worrying about the consequences. My stomach is like a black hole, everything disappears in it without a trace. And the view is worth mentioning too. The waitress behind the counter is in my league. Straight blond hair reaching the middle of her back, round butt and boobs, nice lips, eyes sparkling. Yep, my league.
Dean frowned. Did Crowley really not know that Cas was a human after the Fall? Now that he thought about it… Crowley hadn’t seen Cas as a human. He had already stolen that Grace when Crowley saw him again. Maybe he hadn’t notice it wasn’t his?
I freeze and my heart stops beating for a moment. I open my eyes and take in my surroundings. I stand with blue flames around me inside a barn.
“What is so funny?” she asked angrily.
An other tremble shook Heaven. Hannah placed a hand on the wall before she fell.
He made his way to the library and the farthest table in the room where all of his translations were scattered around. He tuned on the little lamp, sat down and rubbed both sides of his face. Elamite. Dear effing everything, Elamite. How the hell would he translate this to English? A dead language? He had already looked around the bunker twice, accidently found a computer room and a huge dinning room but there were no Elamite to English for Dummies. There was nothing about the Elamite language just that dusty codex from triple x BC.
pieces!”
“You want to know why I gave Castiel the Colt?!” he shouts. “Because if he kills you, your soul would escape easier from your body! Then I would take your soul before one of those reapers can snatch it away, then take it to Hell! It would have taken only a few centuries for you to be pure again, you could have been sent back to the cycle! And if something went wrong, I would have given you my…”
Sam nodded and did as Charlie asked.
Daphne raised her eyes at him from her hands. Her fingers nervously scratched the fabric of her trousers.
“I told you that you didn’t leave me any other choice” he whispered. “You were holding us back and Sam wasn’t able to do it.”
Just Hannah. And she also saw the angel blades in their hands.
“I’ll be back soon” she said with a smile and turned to leave. She felt lighter than ever and she decided maybe feeling human emotions wasn’t that bad. Of course there were all the negative emotions like grief but feeling that joy was worth the price.
Dean sometimes glanced at Cas during the ride back to the bunker. The former angel fixed his eyes on the road, never looking at anything that wasn’t necessary during driving. Namely Dean. If he was still angry he didn’t show it. But this ‘I won’t acknowledge your prescience’ was killing him. He had longed for a time like this like in the old days when it had been just him driving and Cas riding shotgun. And now that it finally happened they were angry at each other.
On the other hand he should have called Missouri.
Sam quickly stepped between the two and fixed a warning gaze on his friend.
“What kind of change?”
“I had to see if there is still hope for you” Death explains. He takes a pack of bagel chips out of his pocket and turns the opened top towards me. When I shake my head, he continues. “The Mark of Cain is from Lucifer. He is its master. It follows his orders. I have to tell you, there was a high risk of you failing it. Normally, you would have let Sam open the Cage, but I think something happened to you.” Death looks down at my forearm. “Something related to an angel.”
Dean looked at Cas to argue with him because the lady angel hadn’t been very friendly to them but he had to realize it wasn’t the former angel who spoke. Dean turned his head slowly to his brother who fixed his gaze on the tabletop.
“Right.” Dean pulled away from Cas and leaned back in his chair. Cas raised his head too. “So we call Jody, Garth, Ed too. Who else?”
The two of them moved to the closest table and sat down. Castiel put his arms on the table and folded his fingers.
Thomas looked at the scribe.
“Who is this guy, anyway?” I ask. Death is in a chatty mood it seems. Why not live with the opportunity and ask him some questions while I can? “He’s a time deity like Chronos?”
“Yes, I should be, but... he's so weak.”
“That won’t happen. Maybe you know him but you’re a stranger to Timmy. You’ll just scare him.”
He and Sam spent their time mostly in the library. The books and scrolls that Hannah had previously brought were already read by him twice already up in Heaven. He didn’t know if reading them a third time would have any positive results. But every time he started doubting himself he told himself that maybe he had left out something. A side note, a hidden message, anything.
Gadreel looked around then made his way out the bus station. Just when he located the closest motel did he answer.
The girl turned to him with confusion then noticed the angel behind her and quickly stepped away from him. She was just gaping as she looked at the angel and the former angel.
“Oh, my dear Hannah.” Metatron wiped his tears away. “You started falling.”
Sam slowly closed his fingers around the cold metal that almost burnt his skin. The choice was his. But what should he do? Death hadn’t agreed with him but then why had he given him his ring? Nothing made sense and he found himself confused and uncertain.
The demon raised a brow.
Days pass without me noticing it. It’s night, then day, then night again. Am I here for a week now? A month? I’m not sure. Time lost all meaning to me here as I shut myself away from everything. My mind is blank. I try not to think about anything because I fear I would do something that only makes everything worse. By worse I mean changing my mind. There wasn’t one moment when I found myself thinking that maybe I should go back to the bunker and tell the others everything, from the beginning to the end. But then I imagined how they would look at me and I dismissed the thought. I have to finish what I started and I can’t let them find out anything.
These are the questions I should answer one day. But not today.
Just like Cas, for a moment Sam considered jumping on the bastard too with a blade in his hand. Was Crowley playing with him? Lets him hope then takes that hope away?
“Why would demons attack vampires?”
“Give a hug to Arokh for me” Charlie said as she waved.
“You can trust her. She’s an ally.”
“He wouldn’t come here without a reason” Dean muttered under his breath. “And he would answer his phone if everything was alright.”
“Okay” he told her but there was something in his voice that indicated he didn’t approve it. “Stay safe.”
I hear a deep chuckle.
Asmodeus said something like that too.
Still un-beta'd. Please, tell me if you see any mistakes!
“I’m not so sure.” Sam still looked like a kicked puppy but he tried to tone it down. “They’re still in school. Maybe we should just warn them. And Garth and Jody too. Their lives are pretty normal even with the supernatural side.”
“Are you crazy?! Why would he do that! The dude did what we wanted with a smile!”
“How long have you been there?” the former angel asked as he looked at the man next to him.
“I’ll go to Heaven then. I can find the exact location from there.”
Dean leaned over the table. He closed his fingers around Crowley’s throat who didn’t need air but the human blood was once again working in his system. The demon’s eyes widened as he started choking. Dean’s face twisted with anger.
The sheriff looked at her now visible car. Annie just climbed in.
“Why did you ask me to send him back? Didn’t you want to leave with him?”
“Stop provoking him and he’ll just glare at you.”
“Yes, I am!” Castiel finally looked Bobby in the eyes. “I should be finding evidences of Father Time’s existence! I should be helping cure Dean! But instead I fall into Crowley’s trap over and over again!”
Dean was out of words because how could she be so calm about this? She was just a hysterical teenage girl like all the others. She should be throwing the medical books lined up neatly on the shelves out the window and not talk about second chances and the meaning of life and shit like that. She should be freaked out and not be freaking calm!
He didn’t want the previous night to be like that. He should have been more sympathetic, understand what Cas was going through because he was going through some serious shit too. But damn… The thought that Cas had almost died when he had been there already… That he had almost died again… Just when he had been saved from that poisonous Grace…
“I’m so sorry…”
Hannah blinked without really thinking about it. She recognized this as the human way of showing confusion. Her Grace was turning into a soul? How was that possible?
“God fucking damn it…”
Castiel gazed down at the floor while Sam explained everything with a low voice which he tried to ignore as much as he could. He didn’t want to hear it again. Purgatory, the Fall, the Mark of Cain. He wanted all of this to be a bad dream but it wasn’t. He recalled the picture of a smiling Dean again and it somewhat eased the pain.
The comparison… It’d hit him like a truck, to be honest. Because if Sam had been comparing Dean’s… grief to his own he had felt when losing the love of his life then that had to mean…
“Sorry” Dorothy told her when Charlie was already on her way out. “She’s a little upset. I didn’t let her spend the night with some modern Louise Willy.”
He rubbed his face around his mouth and fixed his gaze on the grass. Dean had lost the food money. He had been sent here. John had said that Dean had been lost on a hunt. But if Dean had played a card game, had stolen from a market and had been arrested, when had he met a werewolf?
But Sam takes the three other rings from his pocket, forming the key of the Cage. The wind becomes stronger and the tension in the air grows. Sam’s hair is flying as he closes his eyes and opens his mouth to begin the incantation.
Dean/Tessa is my broship. They could be a kickass team. But guess what? She's dead too. Not gonna happen here.
Getting closer to me.
“That’s the problem” he said. “We still can’t let go.”
“Malachi.”
The last one was the trap. He carved that one in the middle of the barn’s floor.
Dean sighed. At least she sounded apologetic.
Dean had no time to react. At one moment he was still looking at Cas in the barn, and in the next he was falling backwards in the bunker, his back hitting the ground. He groaned out in pain at the impact then he was quickly sitting up, looking at the wall.
But then he saw Sam’s reaction. That big giant had tears in his eyes as he pulled the dumbfounded teen into a bone-cracking hug.
Metatron just watched her, unfazed by her anger. He even dared to yawn.
Dean swallowed.
“Yes, it does!” Sam stepped closer, an angry line appeared between his brows. At the same moment Charlie took a step back, watching the brothers warily. “Because someone took the rings! You know, the key to the Cage!”
“I didn’t tell you so you…” But Sam cut in before he could finish.
He fell on the ground with a groan, rolling on his back he put a hand on his aching shoulder and tried to stop the tears of pain that threatened to spill.
“I think you should hurry back to the angel” he says. “His time is ending soon.”
But he soon realized Dean was not alright. His eyes were unfocused, his movements erratic and the hunter’s body fell forward.
“We would notice if he changed anything” was everything the other angel said before she raised her hand but didn’t touch the human’s forehead yet.
Beelzebub…
“Hey, Gadreel” Dean nodded to the angel. “Good to see you alive too.”
With that the angel turned around and left. Kevin kept his eyes on her until she was gone and just then looked back at Cas.
“Yes, it is” the teen argued. “It’s freezing and everything I want is to cover myself with a dozen blankets and play videogames.”
Sam smiled at the angel’s foresight then became serious again.
Maybe he should call the Winchesters now, Gadreel thought. Just to make sure they are unharmed and inform them about their delayed arrival. Maybe Thomas had been right and he should ask them to come here for them. It would be safer, waiting for the brothers in a warded motel room.
Sam chuckled half-heartedly and leaned back with his arms folded before his chest.
“You must be Sam.” Sonny walked down the stairs and shook hands with the younger Winchester.
Ed hated that girl. Really hated her. From his loyal friend who followed him everywhere she made… this. He couldn’t let it continue. He had to put an end to this. But how?
When the older hunter’s face turned crimson red Sam wanted to laugh. An embarrassed Bobby was a rare sight.
“She didn’t touch you, did she?”
“Uh… Guy started flirting with me. But it wasn’t serious.”
It took a few minutes for Hannah’s body to relax and for her to stop throwing up. She then lifted her watery eyes to Sam.
“Do you regret remembering?”
he asked.
Hannah turned away from the schedule, looking to the direction where the prayer was coming from. Dean Winchester’s name was known to every angel. He was the Righteous Man, Michael’s true vessel. He was also the one who had stopped the Apocalypse with his brother and Castiel. But she had never heard him pray.
Linda turned on the front seat to look at the sleeping man.
“How are you?” he asked in the end. He needed to know how Cas felt. He had to know so he could help him. Hopefully.
He felt a hand on his shoulder.
“Where’s Sammy?” Dean asked during breakfast, glancing at the door from time to time, waiting for his brother to enter.
Sam frowned.
Then he heard the growl.
I was surprised that Annie was called Alex in 10x08. I thought she would leave that name behind because her crazy Mama Vampire gave it to her.
“Hey, Sammy!” I wave with a huge grin. “It’s been a while. How are you?”
They didn’t say anything but all three of them thought about the same question. How?
“So.” Dean chewed on the peanut lazily. “Ms. Tran.”
“Benjamin, take him back to the bunker” she told the angel. “I can’t leave yet.”
“Never thought I would ever buy one of these” he had said as the two of them tried to attach it to the backseat.
He knew he drifted into the land of dreams when something warm touched his face.
Kevin took a bite of his breakfast and chewed it with closed eyes. He just realized how hungry he was. Being scared to death by an unknown angel made him forget about how much he needed to eat. Now he was looking forward to the day with optimism. He would translate the rest of the tablet to Elamite and Cas would tell them what was on it. Maybe they would reopen Heaven soon, the angels would get back their wings and defeat Metatron. That would be great.
Linda put her hands on Kevin’s shoulders.
I lean closer to her.
Sam hoped Cas was okay. He felt guilty for this and everything that almost happened. Cas was his friend. His ally. They had to work together, not fight. Sam’s grip around the wheel tightened as he drove out of the cemetery and wished he would get there in time before anything happened to Cas.
“We tried to open the door for months now” Dorothy explained as she showed up too with a small black dog following her. She nodded to the brothers then continued. “It was locked.”
I know I can’t trust him. There’s always something in that bastard’s head, some shady plans evolving in the shadows. I’m cautious. Looking at everything with a critical eye, searching for hidden meanings in the demon’s words. He hasn’t said anything yet, not that he wouldn’t. Sooner or later Crowley will make a mistake, maybe accidentally say something that will help me find out his true intentions. I have to be patient.
Sam nodded a few times.
Dean asked himself when something warm and definitely not water dropped on his face.
Then Death put his cane under one arm and pulled the ring off his finger.
Charlie sighed.
Gadreel tensed at this. He knew if Cas was aware of Ezekiel’s death, he would tell Dean immediately. And that would mean he had to flee, no matter how much he wanted to help Sam and make up for his mistakes. But Cas’ voice softened.
kindly get
“NO!” Dean screamed and tried to make his way there as fast as he could among the falling parts of the chamber. “NO!”
“Don’t worry” Charlie said, putting a hand on his shoulder. “Kids are tough. They can fall a lot and only get a bruise or two.”
And there was him and Sam fighting with some guys with some weird masks on.
This time it didn’t feel final.
“So I was asking, are you free tomorrow night?”
Castiel was amazed by the girl who just took a few looks at Dean and immediately knew what his problem was.
“His heartbeat seems weak but fast.” She then placed both hands on Dean’s jaw and opened his mouth. After looking inside she closed it. “Dehydration. I think your friend didn’t eat or drink for like a week.”
“You’re too stubborn and I’m not so patient to argue. Let’s go then.”
when the other took the last
“Back to your first question” the man began. “We met Maritza and Larry on our way here.”
“What idea?” Cas asked. Sam couldn’t not notice hope in his voice.
Here's the Wednesday update :) Starting tomorrow I won't be at home for the long weekend so I'll post the next chapter now. I know I can set a date for the publication but I want to see the next chapter here myself.
“You’re as pathetic as Cain” he says. “A human playing with powers that were meant for demons? Humans are weak, only dirt on my shoes.”
“You told me a woman came to Malachi. Describe her.”
“Congratulation. And I’m sorry you had to go through so much sadness.”
He wasn’t alone.
Now Sam understood him because he was there too once, not so long ago. He had been about to do something he would have regretted later but everything he had wanted to see was Dean being himself again. And he was worse than Dean. Oh, much worse than him.
Before Castiel’s shoulders could tense Dean quickly rubbed one.
It was around three in the afternoon when Hannah finally broke the silence.
Dean looked around again. He had no idea angels had dreams too.
An uneasy knot settled in his stomach when the angel made her way down closer to him. She stopped two steps higher then him, coming to eyelevel with him. She narrowed her eyes and tilted her head, watching him like she was staring into his soul. Maybe she did.
through his body.
Castiel glanced at him, bread halfway to his mouth.
Mammon kicks my side and maybe he added some demonic energy into it because I feel like my torso is about to explode. I yell in both surprise and pain, roll to my side and pull my knees up to my chest. Damn, that hurts!
Hannah tilted her head and frowned at him.
I lean against the wall after I sit down and just wait. With the never ending screaming in my ears it’s difficult to focus on nothing but I try. I try not to think about Gavin and the two angels. I try not to imagine their faces turning into Sam and Cas’. I try not to imagine Sam’s head rolling on the floor and Cas coming to an end with a flash of light.
I'm still struggling to not catch up to myself. I'm writing the ending of tommorow's chapter right now... I don't want to catch up... TT_TT
“The Colt?” I ask. “Seriously, Cas? You’re pointing the Colt at me?”
Dean had turned to the doorway and ran towards it. He’d repeated in his head like a broken record that Sam would be fine, the Empty would only eject him. He would be fine, he would be fine…
“I… should have expected this at one point. It was… very unpleasant.”
Suddenly Sonny hit the back of his head gently but it was enough for Sam to get startled and stop talking.
“Hello, Susie. Everything alright?”
“Yeah. Likewise.”
“So it’s a circle that’s closing around us…” She frowned. Sam could almost hear the gears working in her head.
The woman left in a hurry, bumping into both Cas and Hannah on the way out. Hannah frowned angrily at the woman but Cas just stood at the same spot as if he was frozen in time. Sam stepped forward and put a hand on his shoulder.
Hannah shut her eyes tight. She took a few deep breaths then opened her mouth to speak.
Without a word the crowed of hunters walked away in little groups to different directions. Tamara sent one last look towards Bobby then left too.
“I like your attitude. Refreshing.”
His hand was on the door handle when he heard the yell.
Charlie shrugged.
“What kind of plans?”
Lee nodded, not suspecting anything.
Noriel straightens his back and raises his chin.
Dean frowned.
“Over here” Bobby called out to them from the map table. Sam walked as casual as possible but he still stepped faster to leave the crowd of hunters as soon as possible. Bobby sat there with Lucy on his lap. To his right was Becky and opposite to him sat a blonde woman who rubbed her knee as she looked at Meg with a frown.
? Images of his nightmare flashed before his eyes and he had to take a deep breath to calm himself. He would thing about it later.
Also, this was the last time we saw Bobby and the others in this fic.
Maybe he should…
“Are you feeling well, Dean? Did something happen?”
“You seem to get very happy by the thought of shelves” Cas commented.
Castiel inhaled a long breath, shifting uncomfortably in the seat but his face remained emotionless. Dean frowned.
“We will meet there, right?” he asked. “At the entrance of the cave.”
“Hannah?” He stopped, waiting for her to get to him.
“About what?” Castiel asked, eyes narrowed.
It was too late for him, he knew that. His Grace was burning away rapidly, why not doing something helpful while it lasted? Why not try and give some useful information to Sam so he could change the future for the better? That would be his mark he left behind.
“Hello?”
“I’d say you need a haircut and shaving but it suits you.”
Hannah stood up, eyes still looking to the direction where Castiel’s prayer came from. She could feel many angels at the same place. There must be where Castiel and his friend were captured.
What…?
“What about fallen angels?” Dean looked up at Hannah, directing his words towards her. He was avoiding Castiel’s eyes and the angel couldn’t help but think that Dean was hiding something. “Can a fallen angel, the turned-into-a-demon kind, control both angels and demons?”
“You still sure we have to split up?” he asked. They were in Stillwater, Minnesota. Sam and Charlie were staying while Dean, Cas and Hannah continued their way up north.
And this chapter is the end of the eight days Winter Holidays Special. I successfully caught up to myself which I didn't want to happen but oh well... And now I take a break. Let's say next chapter comes... on January 8th? I try to get at least three or four chapters ahead.
“Dude, you can’t just tell the kid to send the ghost of his mother away! You’ll freak him out!”
“Hello, Dean” he murmured under his nose. “Sam and the others already left?”
The angel frowned at this. This sounded awfully similar to an other conversation he had earlier that day.
“Figures. You’re as stubborn as your human. No wonder you are so attached.”
“So you’re telling me, if not for Cas’ Grace, I would have let Sam free Lucifer?”
“Cas?”
“Yes” he answered. “I know you’re still there… You’re still there somewhere and I know you can hear me. Please, Dean, you have to stop this. I know how strong you are. I saw your soul in Hell. No matter how tainted your soul was, it still shined brighter than anything I had ever seen in my long life. I know you’re stronger than the Mark. You can fight it. You can defeat it.”
He felt a great weight lifting from his shoulders.
“Wait, Annie?” the woman asked. “Isn’t she Alex?”
I long for it.
The woman called Ruth nodded but Castiel could easily see that she would rather stay and listen to their conversation. Sonny waited until the door closed behind her then he sat down slowly, not breaking eye contact with Dean.
Cas who had been the best friend he’d ever had? The one who had saved him from Hell and so many times after that in the past years? The one who had always believed in him no matter how many times Dean had messed up? The one who had
Castiel nodded and stood up. At Meg’s low ‘too much iron’ comment he just rolled his eyes.
Wait, what?
Sam sighed. He put a hand under Dean’s chin, tilted up his head and poured water on his hair. The result was an ear piercing scream.
“I’ll kill you, Crowley, do you hear me! I’LL KILL YOU, YOU SON OF A BITCH!”
“Celeste…”
He mumbles something under his breath I can’t hear then he does completely still.
“He would rather die.”
The Impala’s door on the passenger side was open. Cas’ legs were outside while he leaned against the seat with his side, had pressed to the frame of the car. He had woken up about an hour ago, breathing in the cool November air that did nothing to stop his skin from heating up.
“Father Time exists.”
Sam didn’t look convinced.
“Sam! Cas!” he greeted them. “It’s good you arrived just in time to see me leaving.”
The Empty stared at him like he just grew a second head. Cas also stepped next to him with the exact same stare.
Cas was shaking now, trying to hold back the tears that started to gather in the corner of his eyes.
“I’m alright, Nora. Thank you for your concern.”
“What are you talking about?” he asked, not playing the dumb very convincing and on his other side Castiel saw Sam shifting uncomfortably in his seat.
Regarding last week:
They rolled down the side of the mountain. Dean quickly woke from his daze and pulled Sam close to him. One hand protected his head, while the other arm held him securely against him, not letting him slip away. Dean felt rocks stabbing his back, sticks scratching his face, and once a tree grazed the top of his head. He lost his hat in that encounter.
“You okay?”
The nothing made him tired. He wanted Dean and Cas to arrive that day. Not that he didn’t like the company of Kevin and Gadreel but both of them knocked themselves out for the day. And being alone meant Sam was alone with his thoughts and memories. And he didn’t want to remember
“What happened? Dean called me an hour ago to say goodbye.”
“Nothing” he said. “Maritza is gone with Larry.”
“I’m not you boss, Dean” he explains. “I’m just giving you the opportunity to be who you want to be. I know you’re eager to avenge everything that happened to you. Why not starting with the ones who made your life a misery down here? A lot of Alistair’s students were on Abaddon’s side. Don’t you want to show them what real torture is?”
At least Cas was a reassuring presence next to him. Dean’s mind was still occupied by the moments after he woke up, and knowing that the angel was still there with him gave him the strength to go on and not let anything to drag him down. Not by a stupid angel chick, not by a stupid dream.
I stare at him for a long while, wondering if this will be the moment when he finally opens his eyes. What will happen? Will he stare back at me like he always does? Like he’s staring into my soul? Will he push me away and attack me? Will he grab my arm when I try to flee? Will he pull me closer?
“So, you had a rough year.”
“Of course I want it.”
Maybe the Mark is losing its influence, I don’t know. But if my body wanted to rest, then it will rest. I can do whatever I wanted now. It’s only a matter of some time now before I go back to Hell. Why not spending the rest of my last hours or days with something good?
“What…?” she managed to say. No, she was
I nod quickly. I don’t want him to get angry again.
I find at least a hundred books behind the door. All of them are dusty. It would tickle my nose if I were still a human. On one of the shelves I see a bracelet. It’s silver and has a pentagram charm, a Christian cross, a Men of Letters crest and many others on it. I don’t have to think for long to know where I saw it already. Mom wore a bracelet like this.
“It stopped” Sam said all of a sudden. Charlie looked at him with confusion so he added: “The pain.”
need to sleep, didn’t need to
By the look on her face Castiel was sure the girl just realized that her life was in grave danger. She took one more step backwards and was about to run away but Ephraim stopped her with one glance.
“I know this will sound crazy, but I know you. You weren’t bitten. You were born as a werewolf. Second generation. Your pack doesn’t eat human hearts. You wear silver around your neck as a reminder of that you’re different.”
Sam wanted to tell her that there was no use. They failed. They will be erased from time in a few hours or days. There was nothing to stop it now.
What followed was a big blur.
Death observes the Mark with narrowed, thoughtful eyes while he eats a chip. I feel uneasy under his calculating glare and I hold back my breath until he finally looks into my eyes. Not that it’s any better, mind you.
“Let me guess. You won’t tell me anything because it’s not your job.”
Now both of them were smiling. They had big green and red bags in her hands, laughing at something one of them said. Their souls were pure and bright, shining like two lamps in the dark.
Dean looked up. Reverend Jim walked to him and sat down next to him. It was Dean’s turn to watch the backdoor. In the cold, December air he could see his own breath, and he was glad he wore his warm coat. The marks of his tumble down the hill were still on it and he missed his hat but it could have been worse.
I brush a thumb along Cas’ cheekbone and he moves his head towards it. He stares into my eyes without blinking, his gaze softening. My smile widens a bit and I continue caressing his cheek. Everything will be alright now.
He was still thinking about the smile Hannah gave him when he entered the library. She was so moody. Changing fast and unpredictable like the weather. Sometimes gloomy and stormy, sometimes sunny and warm. He couldn’t keep up with her swings. But he wasn’t complaining. She was… How should he say it…? She was… a puzzle. First he had to find out how she worked. She was an exciting challenge.
“You’re a good man, Sam Winchester. Both God and Death speaks highly of you.”
“James said my knowledge of Oz might be helpful” she answered. “The building is protected against everything supernatural. He wanted to make sure that it includes creatures from other dimensions too.”
I don’t think I have ever walked in this corridor before. It’s long and unlike the others it tilts down. Where the hell is it leading to? Sam’s heartbeat sounds louder here so I start walking down but I don’t have to look for him. He stands right there at the other end, watching me with a serious face. I smile.
“No.” Sam shook his head. “He just… I don’t know. Wanted to have some fun or something. The point is, after that he said that he wouldn’t kill humans or angels.”
But to his surprise, Daphne looked like she finally had the answer for her every question.
“Dean I know you didn’t want to kill her, but…”
. He leaned over the table and patted Sam on his shoulder. “Second chances, man! That means I have to take care of myself too, right?”
Dean turned back to the road and shrugged.
Dean nodded.
“At the vampire nest” Sam finished her sentence and looked at Charlie. “They’re here.”
He felt the angelic Grace flowing through his arms. His fingertips tingled, sparks flew only visible on an other plain. His body was heating up quickly but Gadreel made sure it didn’t hurt him. Sam was powerful like when he had been high on demon blood or when Lucifer was in his body but this was so different. It felt right. Blessed. Gadreel’s Grace was pure unlike the former archangel’s which was tainted with bitterness and darkness.
Dean had shaken his head slowly.
“You know what?” Dean’s voice was forced to be calm. He could hear it shaking slightly. “I’m gonna go and have a nice long shower. Then I’ll have a nice long sleep. And tomorrow we’ll have a nice long ride home.”
“No…” he whispered and stepped backwards but the demon followed him.
After further listening, she heard the piece of information she needed. Apparently Castiel was alive and sided with Metatron, the former Scribe of God, to cast all angels out of Heaven. Hannah had never met Metatron. She wasn’t sure that she had ever heard about him.
“Looking for us?” she asked.
“At that time I was more than a simple angel” he spoke only when the tight feeling loosened. “And Balthazar was the one who changed the past.”
Edit: Oh! And this fic now has more than 200k words! Yey! ^.^
“Charlie and Dorothy killed Vesta but they can’t come back yet because something came up” he explained. He looked back at the former angel who knew immediately that the peaceful moment was over. For just now, he hoped. “We had a vampire case around the area that should happen next year. It looks like demons attacked the vampires.”
“I’m sorry for making you worried.”
He tried to wake up every morning and run with the brothers. Charlie and Dorothy joined them too with Toto. He and Dean still couldn’t keep up with Sam, the two women and the small dog but it wasn’t a race. They were both now in a good shape, why would they overwork their bodies?
She looked up when Metatron chuckled.
“That was easy” he said.
It was now the former angel’s turn to look at Dean questioningly who stubbornly avoided eye contact. What was Lachesis talking about? What had Dean wanted to do?
I pull a hand down my face. Okay, the bunker’s supplies are gone, but there are shops where hunters can buy ingredients. Henry wanted to buy some in one. Now I have to go to every one of those shops and destroy everything. I have to do it if I don’t want Sam to stop this.
He felt Hannah’s eyes on him then the angel sighed and took his right hand between hers. Sam looked down at their touching hands. Hannah held his with her left while the right brushed over his knuckles gently. He felt bones moving and for a moment he felt immense pain then it ended in a nanosecond. Hannah healed his hand.
Del pulled the angel blade out of the hound’s invisible form. He observed it for a while, looking at the dark goo dripping down its edge. He then glanced down at Sam.
“Yes. I would like to. As an angel I can read and understand it now.” He turned to leave but quickly looked back. “Don’t forget your breakfast. I can sense you’re hungry and your brain needs the energy.”
Dean frowned.
Ed straightened his back proudly.
- Hinton pissed me off (and other fanfiction writers) so much I can't tell you guys. She can go and do something inappropriate to write down to a body part that is inappropriate to write down. She buried herself in my eyes.
“Chicago.”
The storage room had many rows of shelves, all packed with boxes. One of the boxes was already on the table. With Dorothy’s name listed on the side. Kevin decided he would leave that box to her.
“I…” He took a shaky breath. “I can’t read it…”
“It was good while it lasted” Maggie had told him one afternoon. “But hunting ghosts won’t pay the bills. I have to become more responsible. Maybe you should move on too and leave the paranormal to those Winchesters you dislike so much.”
“Fight? What fight?” Because frankly, what disagreement would cause a fight between the two of them? They were the calmest individuals Hannah had ever known. They would talk about their disagreements and come to a conclusion by it.
Dorothy frowned at Charlie who mouthed ‘a movie’ to her. The woman nodded.
I hear a noise to my right and turn there with a smirk. I take the Blade in my hand and walk down the corridor.
Dean shook his head in disbelief.
“I turned on the EMF to look for our ghost when Sam screamed.” Dean put down his hands on his lap as he talked. “I caught him in the last moment. That was when the chick showed up. There was some messed up Enichian symbols behind her, I guess that was what she used. She walked closer, I got up, she said she… banished what didn’t belong there or something like that and that I killed her siblings, then she reached out and…”
“Becky, I’m not…”
Dean was about to say something back when a sudden pain shot through his body. Dean groaned out loud and put his hand on his chest, the broken arm hanging limply at his side. Metatron watched him with surprise.
Mama Ghost tilted her head, looking at Timmy questioningly. She reached out towards him, offering a hug, to what Timmy just shook his head.
And with that Michael was gone with a flutter of wings.
A muscle around the demon’s mouth twitched. He didn’t speak for a long moment.
Sam sighed.
After Sam was on the passenger seat and Dean himself got on the Impala too he stepped on the accelerator. He didn’t turn around, just continued their way down on the road to Breckenridge.
Sam was confused. Were all his good memories a result of his selfishness? Did he even have truly good memories? Was he a good person?
The key was ready.
“This was unpleasant” she said with a weak voice.
Becky cleared her throat on the other side of the table and Missouri next to her watched the two of them with a warm smile that made Hannah flushed all of a sudden.
“Yeah, I see that. We did it.”
“It’s not.” Dean frowned at her. “Maritza’s brother is crazy, you should be careful.” Dean then looked at Sam. “You really think we have to split up? You said the towns were close. We can go together.”
“Dean is stubborn as hell” the teen pointed out. “You can’t tell him what to do. He doesn’t care about his health.”
Saying that, Gavin finishes his drink with a few long gulps then puts the glass down loudly.
“Dean made you watch the movies?”
Sam had had his hand on his mouth, face getting green for a hot moment, but he’d taken a deep breath and turned to the portal.
Did he trust her? This was the angel who had given a blade to Castiel and told him to kill Dean. The angel who had joined Metatron afterwards.
Dean pouted.
Other angels walked to them, in one of them Castiel recognized Theo. Two grabbed Castiel by the arms. He didn’t try to fight against their grip and he let them take his blade. He was outnumbered. He had no chance against them all alone.
Dean quickly started the engine and was back on the road in no time. The rumbling of his stomach was an annoying noise for the rest of the journey.
He didn’t wait for the teen to answer. He followed Ephraim down, occasionally stepping on leaves that crunched under his feet. The angel stopped at the edge of the wood, waiting for Castiel to catch up.
Ephraim nodded and made his way down the slope. Castiel looked at the pale girl and smiled reassuringly.
The sound of a horn was heard behind them. Sam looked at the reflection in the rearview mirror. A van. Where did it come from? He didn’t notice it following them.
“Who cares?” I shrug. “I don’t. And you should neither. Hell is the capital of chaos.”
But John Winchester was no more and Dean was stripping off everything he had put on him layer by layer. Every bad habit, every sick way of thinking, every prejudice. Dean finally saw the road ahead of him towards somebody he could call himself. After everything he had gone through he was finally becoming his own self.
There was a small voice in his head – that reminded him too much to Bobby’s – that scolded him for these thoughts. That he shouldn’t belittle himself that much. That he was good enough and more for anything he put his mind on. That it hadn’t been his fault he couldn’t finish school when he was a teen.
“No, but I won’t let you go inside alone. We don’t know what’s going on.”
The four angels around him shook their heads.
Castiel nodded.
“I’m so sorry, Susie…” he whispered and dropped his head. “I’m so sorry…”
And with a quick movement, the angel blade sunk into the girl’s stomach.
He wanted to punch something, anything because he was desperate and useless. Dean had asked him to look out for Sam and the opposite was happening. Sam was shaking under the responsibility and he wasn’t helping him at all, just made everything worse. It was funny that he was supposed to be the fearless commander of the angel army and now he was sitting here, shaking with anger and pain and sadness.
“Cas…” I start but Cas cuts in again.
Dean raised a brow as he glance at her.
“Honestly?” Castiel doubted he would be honest but he listened. “They were annoying as hell. And now I can really say hell is annoying. I asked them nicely to leave but they didn’t. I told them I would hurt them if they didn’t leave and they didn’t. I warned them they wouldn’t like what I’d do to them. And they didn’t.”
Hannah looked around. An empty bus arrived to the station and after the door opened a male got off. Hannah assumed he was the one functioning it. The angel walked to him.
It had been a long time since they sat in the Impala like this. Dean driving, Sam next to him, Cas behind them. Just like in the old times when life had been still hard as hell but they could rely on the other. They had been through every kinds of separation possible, including death, but they were still here and together again.
“Because all I ever did was ruining everything around me” Castiel said as it was a matter of fact. Which it really was. “My siblings died by my hands and those who are still alive lost their home because of me. I corrupt everything I touch.”
Sam sighed and looked back at Dean. Robin rubbed the man’s arm and turned away. Dean watched her for a while then walked back to Cas where he said goodbye to Timmy who left too. Cas said something to which Dean laughed and the hunter and the former angel started walking back towards Sam.
his mouth to speak
Dean watched her for a while then smiled softly.
What should I ask? He won’t tell me anything that would bring me closer to anything, like how can I get rid of the Mark, where’s Cas’ Grace, where’s Cain and where’s Father Time. So I ask the next thing that bothers me for a long time now.
“We didn’t have a choice!” Sam yelled back. A sudden anger flared up in him. Gadreel felt an old lesion surfacing and its roots reached back far into the past. “We had to save Ms. Tran and the others!”
‘Then what now?’
“I respect you for your strength, Castiel” Gadreel said finally. “After everything that happened you’re still here.”
As the sun rose and a new day started Hannah realized her attempt to reach any place where she could find anything was hopeless. She barely walked twenty miles during the night, only passed three towns on her way. She needed a faster way of transportation. Something that could fly, preferably. She had seen many flying machines passing above her during the night but how she could get on one was a mystery. So she decided a rolling machine – automobile? was that the name? – would be enough for now. The question was where she could find one?
I clench my fingers around the Blade that I always forget I’m still holding. It feels like it became a part of my body, like an extension of my arm.
Dean blinked a few times, at first disoriented after his nightmare but his eyes soon focused on him.
“I won’t burn out so soon, Hannah. And if I have to use the Grace, I will.”
“I’m sorry” he said and looked away.
memory was private. He didn’t want anyone to see it. He himself didn’t want to see it but when he was sleeping he relived those minutes again and again in an agonizingly slow pace. And once again he was too slow and couldn’t reach out in time.
And there’s just one person who can help that I trust.
But at the same time I feel a sudden ache around my chest. I push back the feeling quickly.
Enough is enough. This ‘I feel the good in you’ talk annoys me.
’ Gadreel, not the memory but the real Gadreel, explained. ‘
Joy Myers paled as the word left his lips. She stared at him with wide eyes, then after a quick glance at her pack in the room she looked down. The reverend exhaled a long breath, looking away from his wife. Dean just now noticed the distance between them and the cold atmosphere between the two.
I hear the footsteps behind me and I quickly zap away before the angel could see me. Or before I could see him.
So that was Dean’s soul, so strong and so bright even an angel couldn’t make it be unseen. No wonder Cas was so drawn to it he didn’t care about personal space no matter how many times Dean had warned him.
Dean laughed.
“Yes. Let’s go. We have to find the other one.”
“Okay, but you’re driving Cas’ car.” Dean stood up too and after stretching him arms he made his way to the closest doorway.
Hannah shook her head.
“Honestly, I have no idea.” Bobby scratched the top of his head under his hat. “He clearly has troubles dealing with the emotions and he didn’t have the best teachers. Maybe he’s digging his own grave intentionally.”
Benjamin watched her, not understanding what she meant. Hannah waved and continued her way to the archives.
“Do you think he knew? Do you think my father knew I loved him?”
Her Grace was developing a soul…
Meg’s whistle interrupted his thoughts.
“Did you want it to be?”
“Why couldn’t you tell me earlier that my mother was still alive?!”
“What do you mean to tell me?” she asked.
He hadn’t heard anything for a long while. That had to be a lot to take in. Dean doubted he’d even processed all of it already. He’d doubted that.
Sam didn’t have to tell anything else, the former angel was already on his way towards the eldest brother’s room. What had happened while they weren’t here? Where had Dean gone? Had something happened to him? Had it been the Mark?
– Dean would be upset and try to find a way to free him from Lucifer. Sam hoped Cas would stop him and take him back in time. Maybe that Sam wouldn’t be him but he didn’t care. The only thing he wanted was his brother to be a human again. He didn’t care about himself.
Sam sighed and took the other three rings from his pocket which immediately reacted to the fourth one. The three metallic bands moved, getting attached to Death’s ring.
There was one.
Pf. Boring. Getting beaten is nothing new to me. Not she was the one who grew up with an insane father who never cared about me because Sammy this and Sammy that. Who slapped me the moment when I disobeyed. We can talk when she had a childhood like that.
“Look, Kevin…” Dean started as soon as he stopped before him. “Sam probably told you everything already and I know you’re mad. I’m not going to look for excuses. I fucked up and you died because of me. I understand if you’ll never forgive me. I’d rather live in a time where you’re angry but alive than one where you’re dead. Just… know that I’m really sorry.”
“Look at you.” His words sounded forced as they left his tightened throat. “Rage and violence. It appears your little time travel didn’t erase everything.”
Hannah felt something strange in her chest. It was like her vessel’s heart was squeezed by a strong hand. It was uncomfortable and she used her Grace to ease the feeling. The hunter’s last sentence reminded her to something Castiel had said not long ago.
“Why do you help me?” she asked.
“I’m not sitting down, Bobby! Where’s Emmanuel? And who are these people?”
“You don’t understand!” Castiel yelled all of a sudden and Hannah released his arm as she moved away from him a little. “You don’t understand anything! You’re just an angel!”
Both women looked up. Dean stood at the door.
Sam looked up but couldn’t get up in time. The other Dean already had his foot on Sam’s neck.
Sam and Hannah stayed silent until they didn’t hear Cas’ steps anymore. The man sighed and rubbed his forehead.
Except…
” Charlie gasped. “
“Motion sickness?” Sam guessed to which the angel made a questioning face. “Your eyes see the unmoving interior of the car but your vestibular system knows that you’re not still. The hypothesis for the cause is that when the brain receives those opposing messages it thinks there’s some kind of neurotoxin in the body that causes hallucinations. That’s why people feel sick. The trick against it is that you keep looking at the landscape. This won’t mess up anything in you.”
“Have some faith in me, will ya?”
“You can’t be too careful” she explained. “What if its holiness burns me? I wouldn’t like that.”
He still feels guilty because all of that? I thought we already put that and everything else behind our backs and moved on. Cas redeemed himself already in my eyes. He shouldn’t feel guilty.
Someone stepped inside the house. They moved in a haste, making noises in the kitchen. Then everything stilled. Castiel could hear a long sniff in the air and the comer now made more calculated steps. The angel felt the tension of their body as they came closer to the living room and stopped right at the door, outside Castiel’s view.
Crowley closes the box loud before I can see what’s inside it. Something important is in there? Some dirty little secret? Who knows? Certainly not me, and I have no plans to find it out. I don’t have time for that.
“Yeah, Cas?” Sam asked, turning to him.
“So…” she said finally and glanced at Sam’s sleeping form. “The angel in Sam killed my son.”
“Don’t worry” he said. “It’s Hannah. She’s a friend.”
Dean rubbed the bridge of his nose and continued running. He was going to talk after Sam and Cas got back. And he wouldn’t hide anymore like a coward.
He’d looked down at the jacket in his hands, folded in a way so he could see the bloody handprint on the shoulder. This had been the last part of Cas he still had. A reminder of the day more than a decade ago when he had been raised from Hell by him ordered by a higher power who had had too much fun messing with their lives. And it had been a proof of the unpredictable force that had been Cas and his habit of messing up said higher power’s plans.
“He’s Castiel!” Clara growled. “He and Metatron banished us from our home! We can’t trust him!”
“How’s Castiel?” she asked without looking up. “I haven’t seen him since yesterday.”
“Cas healed me.”
It wasn’t far from the truth so he didn’t have to fake the honesty in his voice. And it was good enough for Ephraim to swallow the bait. The angel’s whole being radiated excitement by hearing his words.
“You were ready to raise me” Dean pointed out. “That’s no small task.”
There were also heads, cut from the bodies and damaged different ways. One didn’t have a scalp, one was piled like an orange, one lacked any skin under the cheekbones so he could see every tooth that wasn’t missing. What the heads had in common was the way their mouth opened to a silent scream. Or maybe it wasn’t so silent. Dean could swear he heard pleads, voices begging for mercy.
“I’m not gonna stay here. Forty years were enough, thank you.”
Sam rubbed his eyes with the heel of his hands. God, he was exhausted. Not in the physical way. It was like all positive emotions drained out of him and what was left pulled him down into a bottomless pit. Or to the Cage itself, back to Lucifer’s cruel games and activities.
Dean swallowed hard and nodded.
Had she? Could have she done more if only she wasn’t falling? What if she could have healed Castiel properly if her Grace was still pure and not corrupted? She would never know.
“Okay, Canisbay, Fergus MacLeod. What’s the second thing?”
to raise you. I
Sam turned back to Hannah and finally looked at her face. Her eyes were still open, blank as she stared into nothing. Sam lifted a shaking hand, closed her eyes and as his fingers brushed down her now cold face, he placed a kiss on her forehead. As he slowly lowered her to the ground, he made a promise. He would find the one who had done this. And when he found them, they would wish they were never born.
Meg smirked.
“Hey, Lee…” He forced a smile on his face. “What are you doing here?”
The tension vibrating from the angel was unbearable even for him. It was like standing next to a nuclear reactor minutes before the explosion. Sam realized he still had a hand on Cas’ shoulder so he squeezed it reassuringly.
Tamara stepped out of the silent crowd and placed a hand on Sam’s shoulder.
Hannah tilted her head, watching the human with wonder.
“You stubborn son of a bitch…” he muttered then turned to Beth, one hand still on Castiel’s shoulder. “So? Can you take us to Garth?”
The world was spinning around him. He wanted it to stop because he was getting dizzy. He felt it in his stomach. It suddenly felt like stone which moved up towards his chest, pushing out every air from his lungs.
“So?” he asked.
Gadreel told Thomas urgently and pushed him away, taking control over the body. He felt the man’s confusion.
“You are, how should I say, interesting. Just like your brother, too many things at once, but your situation is more related to me.”
move away but the strapping
“Honestly? A living hell” he answers. “The Leviathans have both the tablet and the prophet so we can’t kill them. The whole world is a set table for those bastards. Luckily your grandpa Henry dropped in a couple years ago and showed me this bunker. I gathered everyone I could. Garth and some other hunters. I also found Emmanuel and I moved him here with his wife, Daphne.”
The teen took a deep breath and nodded. Yes. His mother was here. She was alive. And he was here and he was alive. Everything was alright.
A thousand scenarios played down before him. Each involved those bastard angels setting a trap for Cas who naively walked into it. Or what if that woman got her hands on him?
“Remember, the Empty is not for humans” Eileen had said, standing by the fire with two golden cups in her hands. “Once it catches you, you will be ejected and I don’t think you can go back. We have this one chance.”
he answered.
And that was when a rock hit his head and everything turned black.
Sam blinked a few times then smiled.
“Who's asking?” he heard Dean.
Gadreel answered.
“Yeah. But in the meantime he’s running to his death.”
“No, he isn’t” Nora answered. “He was supposed to open the store but it was still closed when I arrived.” The woman then tilted her head. “Are you Steve’s friend? The one he would meet today?”
“Castiel?” Gadreel asked when the other drove back to the road.
Castiel frowned and turned his head towards Sam. The man sat next to Dean, looking at his brother with a wide smile.
He saw the confusion on the women’s face slowly turning into something else. Castiel quickly rubbed his ears. Maybe he was just imagining it. He had long days and weeks. He was tired. The stolen Grace was killing him. But the rumble was still there, growing louder with every passing second.
“You mean the archangels?” he asked. “Michael and the others?”
-The male’s smile grew.
“But how could demons use Enochian?” Cas questioned. “The only demon who can is Crowley but he’s in the dungeon.”
“Weren’t there any… troubles?”
“It’s…”
“Yeah?”
“I don’t know… It feels like I just went through a meat grinder. What happened?” He looked at Dean then added. “And what happened to your face?”
Cas’ shoulders tightened.
That was why she decided to leave his side. She had work to do, anyway. They hadn’t find Father Time yet. The books and scrolls from Heaven were still in the library. Maybe she should bring some more…
Tamara snorted and shook her head in disbelief. Some hunters sent Bobby disapproving looks, while others started whispering among themselves.
The three humans were in three separate storages. Their circumstances were horrible. The dirt and smell was alone a torture, not to mention the chains. Castiel quickly set them free and took them outside. When he saw that the demon was about to kill Sam he pulled out his angel blade from his jacket but Linda took it from him and the next thing he knew was that the short Asian woman already killed it. He had to admit that Kevin’s mother was a remarkably fast human.
“Oh my gosh!” she said. “So cute!”
He turned on the corridor where Dean’s  room was and ran into something solid. He almost fell back but someone caught his arms.
This brought up a new question:
Dean froze.
showing the pointy teeth.
The bunker was nothing he had ever expected. It had the biggest supernatural archive he had ever seen with tools and weapons and documents. It was a real treasure box. Compared to that, the Campbells’ library was just a tiny shelf. They also had room for everyone and the most important: food stock for a lifetime. They didn’t have to live in fear of eating something that would turn them into Leviathan supper.
” came the answer. “
“Is this it?”
Garth’s body shook as he started crying. Sam put a hand on his shoulders to prevent the smaller man from falling.
“Crowley? Crowley gave it to you?”
“But you just arrived!” Kevin said as he followed Sam and Cas up the stairs. “Dean can look after himself for a few more hours.”
Cas let out a long breath and leaned back in his chair.
Sam was quick to stop the storm before it happened.
He had to go back. Castiel had to go back and apologize because he had forgotten about her and her mother. He hadn’t taken care of them. He had only stolen Jimmy’s body and left his family behind. And now look at her! The world was falling down around her and she had to live under the same roof with his alter ego who didn’t remember her. He would apologize in Emmanuel’s stead too.
Dean looked up, surprised that the girl knew his name. And he was more surprised when he saw that the girl was very familiar.
As I sit there, I close my eyes. I could sleep now. I don’t miss nightmares at all, but sleeping is so human. And I miss being a human, a lot. Maybe it sucked, but it was simple. Simpler than being a demon, fighting back a fucking mark from the Devil, and seeing the looks your family gives you when they see you like this. I so what to be a human again…
Bobby sighed and put a hand on the boy’s head. The Winchesters were still kids who needed someone to hold their hands, to be the voice of reason when they were uncertain or were about to do something stupid. But after his death in their time they had nobody and that was how everything turned upside down. A lot of things had happened that could have been avoided.
The face the angels make is priceless. Abiel’s jaw drops, his eyes wide, while Noriel looks like he’s barely holding back a retch.
Charlie’s eyes narrowed.
His phone buzzed inside his pocket. He quickly pulled it out and as he stepped out of the conversation, Cas joined in.
But I notice some changes. He doesn’t feel that strong like last time and I think an angel should be brighter than that. There are grayish spots all around him, and I can see them getting darker shade by shade. The stolen Grace. It’s killing him. Didn’t he find his own Grace yet? What was he waiting for, wasting time in a place like this talking to a damn demon? He should be up in Heaven and heal, not here while dying. I want to shout at him because he’s such an idiot but I turn to Bobby instead.
“Stay safe, Red, okay?”
“Why?” I ask. “Did you see him? He can barely stand on his legs! He’s… He’s halfway into his grave!”
would just make everything
“You came here to help us” Reverend Jim explained. “Most of the hunters see us as a threat. They shoot first and never ask questions. But you’re here to save our life. We are monsters but you see the human in us.”
Both Sam and Cas moved closer to the desk to look at the part where Crowley was pointing.
“Sam!” Cas was by Sam’s side too followed by a woman and a man. “Are you alright?”
Cas leaned on his elbow and opened one eye to a slit.
“Yes, that one, but not really.” Sam shifted a little as he went into ‘I’ll explain this to you because it’s interesting and I wanna share it’ mode. “You see, Dorothy is the daughter of the writer who was a Man of Letters. He wrote the books after Dorothy disappeared.”
I know that normally I would freak out because I’ve seen this before. I already saw myself with black eyes yelling at me that no matter what I do, I’m gonna die and become this.
The words were worse than any blade. He felt his heart breaking into pieces and he sobbed out in agony because everything the demon just said was true.
Castiel’s mouth twitched.
“Cas?” He heard panic in the voice. “Fuck…! Cas! Wake up, damn it! Stay with me!”
Charlie looked at her companion. They had been through a lot, saved each other countless times from certain death.
gently touched to his and he
just the two
I almost fall off the last step but I can stop myself in the last moment by grabbing the wall. The familiar greeting said by the worst voice imaginable stabs a spot somewhere in my chest that screams in agony. I also feel a wave of fear washing through me even though I know I’m the strongest from the two of us.
“That was exhausting…”
Metatron knew the answers. He didn’t know how he knew it, he just felt it was the truth. The scribe was in some ways similar to Crowley. He possessed a great amount of information and he never let it slip from his hands, he kept it for himself. He wouldn’t give it away to anyone willingly. But Castiel knew a way that didn’t require Metatron’s permission.
“And I…” the girl started. Her breathing sped up a little. “And I was killed? That guy killed me? That’s why Castiel was hiding in the forest? He knew what would happen?”
“You are something else, Castiel.” The Empty also reached out and took his hand. “No wonder they like you.”
“Hannah?” When the angel looked at him, he continued. “Why did you think Metatron was controlling you?”
“I had to do it, Cas.”
“Let’s hear what Crowley had found out, okay?”
“So, you’re a Winchester.”
, Cas was
At the other side of the room stood Hannah with Tara at her side. She had new books and scrolls in her hands.
you get back, stop running into your doom without thinking and forget what your father had beaten into you.” He regretted his choice of words the moment he felt Dean tensing. This confirmed Bobby’s suspicion but he didn’t say anything, just tightened his hug, showing Dean how sorry he was for not doing anything about it in the past. “Always listen to reason, think about everything a hundred times before you decide anything because there might be an other way. Talk to somebody, don’t bottle up anything. There are many people who care about you with Sam and Cas on the lead. Pick one and talk. Don’t be afraid of your feelings. Admitting that you’re sad, scared, hurt or weak makes you stronger. Nobody would belittle you, you already proved many times what a great man you are.” Bobby was silent for a while then added “And for God’s sake, do all of us a favor and talk with Cas. You were hiding in that closet for far too long. You both deserve happiness.”
“Whatever” he muttered.
“Save this question for later when we can all talk” Dean told her, clearly referring to the angels hiding in the woods.
My thoughts are interrupted by Death, extending his hand towards me.
soaking with the blood of
touch eagerly because it was
The angel took a shaky breath.
“Winchester, right? Wanna go outside?” she asked, fluttering her long lashes at me.
Nora nodded.
“Is this the house?” Castiel asked when the car stopped. The house looked normal. It was dark, but now with his once again angelic power he could see that the garden was well kept and the walls and windows were clean. Nothing indicated that a pack of werewolves were living there. To be exact nothing indicated that anyone lived there. He didn’t feel anyone inside the house. And also, unlike the other houses in the area, there weren’t any Christmas lights decorating it.
A few minutes later Sam and Kevin were waiting patiently for the Impala to roll to its place next to the other cars. Kevin finished his sandwich with one last big bite, savoring it like he hadn’t eaten in weeks. Maybe he hadn’t. Without any windows the days in the bunker were merging together and he just realized what day it was when the next episode of his favorite series was up on the torrent sites. He missed the sunlight and the smell of the fresh air, but now that they were sure that Metatron wanted him dead he couldn’t spend any time outside.
“He’ll have the same as me, thanks.”
“You think it’s okay?” Dean asked, unsure all of a sudden. “Shouldn’t we, I don’t know… take off a few?”
They looked at each other for a long while. At this moment, Castiel also forgot about the world and all those horrors. There was no Metatron, no Abaddon, no war and no Mark. There was just the
Bobby frowned. Why would a demon want to talk with him?
“Not good” Hannah gave him an honest answer as she turned back but still avoided his eyes. Why showing it in a better light when both of them knew how ill Castiel was? “I tried to heal him as much as I could but the damage is too great.”
“It doesn’t matter now.”
“Yeah, I guess.”
Bobby…?
“Well…” Sam started and explained their situation in a shortened version. When he got to the end, Jody’s eyes were so wide he feared they would fall out.
He hadn’t seen that coming.
she reaches out to brush my face. I wanna throw up as her true form makes contact with me. I remember sweaty hands and breaths reeking with alcohol. “Your soul is only overshadowed by the Mark. You are just a human dressed as a demon for a Halloween party.”
” Cas explained. “
“But what kind of evil?” Dean questioned. “That Lisa chick wanted Alice to free Lucifer. Was she a demon?”
Sam nodded and quickly turned back to the book opened before him. He had better things to do then worry about the personal space of an angel. Which was pretty funny now that he was thinking about it. Cas used to stand so close to Dean it had made
Sam jumped at the sudden outburst and looked at the younger woman.
Dean tightened his grip on Sam’s wrist, ready to flee in any moment.
Finishing the case, Sam had brought cloths so Dean wouldn’t have to wear his adult sized shirts for that week or two. He also had some toys and a child safety seat in the cart.
“I would never respect that piece of misery” he said. The angel stood up, walked up to the rails, closing the bars in a tight grip. “But why do you do? He ruined your home after all and I’m not talking about the Fall. He started a war with Raphael. He killed him and other angels who didn’t bow for him. He should rot here too and not be outside living what is left from his life.” Metatron stepped back. He put a hand on his chin and looked at the ceiling. “But now that I think about it… Maybe it’s a better punishment. He has the freedom to help Dean, but he doesn’t know what to do. Even when the right equipment is in his hands, he just stands there and does nothing.”
are never unnecessary.”
- Big yey for Charlie and Dorothy! I'm a bit affraid of writing from Charlie's POV... I hope I didn't mess it up.
From the corner of his eye Castiel saw Meg leaning on the table to get closer to him. The angel turned his head to the demon, who had a smirk on her face.
“Oh, I'm sure there are many angels who are. Many more are on their way here, most likely.”
“Susie!”
“The man called Dean? The one with the green eyes?”
“Less than a year ago I promised him that when he betrayed us, I'd be the one to carve out his heart. And look where we are now. ” Cas turned back and looked into Sam’s eyes. The angel’s gaze was sad and desperate. “We can’t trust him.”
to look after you. I
“Hello?”
“If you were paying attention, you would know that our cars already appeared. So?” Lee looked back at her. “You coming?”
I don’t want to wait.
Dean smiled. It was great to be in good terms with Kevin again, who looked more relaxed than ever now that his mother was there as well. He was a great kid. It was a shame he had been dragged into this dangerous life.
“Sorry, Sammy. I already killed Gavin. Now could you please let me on my way before I bury you alive?”
“Hannah, this is Meg. An ally. Meg, this is Hannah.”
“Do you need anything?”
Dean shook his head.
“Hey!” Charlie sat down next to him on the rug in the corner of the library. “Let’s dress up as superheroes! You’ll be Batman and I’ll be Wonder Woman. Cas can be the Martian Manhunter.”
“You remember my name?” the angel smiled at him. “I’m honored. And why would it be normal to feel such enormous pain? She herself said that she wanted to die. All I want to do is help to end her misery.”
“Yeah, I am.”
He remembered when one morning, a few weeks after they had moved into the bunker, Emmanuel had sat down at the other side of the table with a bottle of beer in his hand.
Dorothy shrugged.
“You didn’t say goodbye.”
Castiel ended the call and put away his phone. When he looked up, Dean was watching him, eyes shining with happiness and gratitude.
Hannah smiled back – it seemed to be a friendly gesture among humans, Nicole smiled at her too. This was indeed her lucky day. First Nicole, now this male was helping her too. Maybe she could make it to Dean Winchester in time.
(See the end of the chapter for
The man shrugged.
“I’m Castiel.” The former angel extended his right and shook hands with the man. “It’s nice to meet you.”
Asmodeus notices the change. She quickly glances down at my arm then back at me. Her true form draws back a little, maybe she gets ready to smoke out in any moment.
The angel’s behavior changed all of a sudden. The shyness was gone as Hannah looked at the Impala like nothing had happened in the last few minutes and she had always been a fearless warrior of Heaven.
But Michael didn’t kill Dean. When Castiel stepped next to him, Michael let go of Dean’s hand and arm who dropped the blade and fell into Castiel’s arms. The sudden weight against him made him fell on his knees but he made extra care not to cause more pain to Dean. Dean was unconscious but the deep frown on his face indicated great pain.
“Of course he knew” she said. “Every parent knows their children love them, even if they don’t say it.”
As always, silence was the answer to this question. Sam was getting used to it by now.
Your life worth the
“I told you why I wanted to die! It’s your turn now!”
“There’s someone who wants to talk with you.” He put the phone on speaker and put it on the table. He looked at Dean, encouraging him to speak. “Go on.”
they suddenly turned into
“Hannah, wait!”
Once they got their food from an other waiter, the two brothers ate in silence. Sam watched Dean carefully, trying to find out what had just happened. Dean ate without making any remarks to the ‘rabbit food’ he got and that worried Sam. Did he know that woman? Had she been one of his one night stands? But then she would have reacted the same way, no? She would have remembered him.
“No, but it was familiar. Like I already met this someone in the past but I can’t tell when and where. And I’d like to find it out.”
“Send me down. Now.”
“Don’t you ever say that name again in my presence” he warns me. “I don’t ever want to hear that name. I would celebrate the day when ze dies and I can reap zir.”
weaker than him
Castiel took a deep breath.
Sam frowned. He glanced at Charlie with confusion then back at the road.
“Of course” Castiel answered without hesitation. “I will always miss the older you, but it doesn’t mean I would ever dislike you. You are you. Old or young, you are dear to me.”
“Well, thank you…”
“Dean, I know how it feels like. That’s why I’m asking you to let me cure you. Once you’re back to normal you’ll see…”
“You see” he turned to look at him, “you had a thing with an Amazon and had a daughter who…”
“Oh, Dean. That was a rhetorical question. I don’t need your permission to look into your head. And the pain as the prize is worth the information I will get. Let’s watch together what happened to you, shall we?”
Castiel touched the Winchesters’ foreheads and gave them an image of the woman’s vessel.
As soon as I say the name I know I made a mistake. The air around me stops and the sky suddenly darkens. Death’s body doesn’t change but somehow he becomes bigger, towering over me like a giant, casting a dark shadow on me. His face twists with barely restrained anger and his voice, while it’s only a whisper, still hurts my ears.
“You okay?” Bobby asked.
And then he heard a kid laughing.
“No problem. It’s important and needs a lot of attention.” She glanced away for a short moment. “I should be the one to apologize. I told you I would be back soon.”
Bobby shrugs off Sam’s hands and turns away but the only thing I see is that
Gadreel slowly made his way to the door. Sam felt that his Grace was screaming in pain which was only doubled by the warding. He was at the exit when he heard the desperate voice.
The corner of Crowley’s mouth tilts up to a half smile.
“No, it's Sam's call.” Dean went to the other side of the bed. “There's no way in hell he'd say yes to being possessed by anything.”
And before he could react he was already unconscious again. But now, fortunately, he didn’t dream anything.
“I’m not sure if this
“That, or he was keeping an eye on just you.” Dean pointed at the former angel. “He wanted you to lead an army against him, right? Maybe he didn’t know about Gadreel until we met you there.”
Metatron leaned away and crossed his arms.
“I’m not a kid! I’m almost seventeen!”
Gadreel looked into his eyes.
What kind of plan had Cas come up with?
“You’re going out even in this cold?”
He just passed Springfield when his phone started ringing. It was around five in the morning, the sun just started to appear on the East. Dean glanced at the screen but put away his phone as soon as he saw his brother’s name on it. He was really sorry for not waiting for them to get back but he had to get to Sonny’s as soon as possible. He had to save Ruth before she got killed. He had to stop the ghost before she chopped off that boy’s fingers.
’ me, Lee!”
Hannah felt her inside tightening up.
Sam rubbed his forehead. He just hadn’t known why that horrible idea had come to his mind. He had known and still knew that freeing Lucifer was bad. Then that had happened. That had been his own idea. Nobody had told him what to do. And he had agreed to do it on his own. Gadreel had told him that it didn’t make him a bad person. But he didn’t feel good. Good people wouldn’t sacrifice the whole world for one person. That was selfish. No. Good people would sacrifice themselves for the whole world, including that one person.
Castiel blinked again and focused on the faces. They looked at him with confusion, Dean with a barely hidden worry too. That was something he didn’t want to happen. He didn’t want Dean to find out that he somehow took a large portion of the stolen Grace and now the Grace he still had was failing him. He knew the hunter. He would find a way to connect those two and blame himself for it.
Sam took Ruby’s knife in his hand and took a deep breath as he put his hand on the handle. He slowly opened the door to a crack and peeked out.
Bobby shook his head but smiled. Dean would get there eventually, he was sure of that.
Finishing with Cas’ room they went to Dean’s and after they put those shelves up too Dean took a deep breath. He didn’t know why but he felt nervous and excited at the same time.
The other opened a little
“Uh… Okay?”
Gadreel crouched down and lifted his hand over his stomach. Kevin shut his eyes tight. That was it. He was going to die by the hands of the angel who Sam and Dean shouldn’t have trusted. He just hoped that he would meet his mother and Channing up in Heaven. If he would get to Heaven.
Emmanuel had sighed and looked down at the tabletop. His fingers had been stroking the neck of the bottle non-stop, maybe to ease his nerves.
“Wait, no, no, no” Dean protested. “No, hey, that's not an option.”
Good.
“But…” Cas starts but I quickly cut in.
Having his Grace back came with a lot of negativities, but compared to those this positive one meant a lot to him.
“Like you don’t know” she snarled. “My vessel produces higher temperature and it makes movements I’m not conscious of. My thoughts are wandering away meanwhile I’m not aware of my surroundings. Not to mention my Grace. It’s humming because you’re taking control of me, isn’t it?”
“Then what do you suggest? I highly doubt we can build anything useful from tape and toothpicks.”
“He’s in pain” she continued and walked closer. “I can help him.”
The boy’s ears turned red hearing this. He looked at Dean with a shy smile who smiled back at him.
Hannah eyed the demon for a long while before she turned back to Sam.
The demon turned around. Cas, broken, drunk and drugged Cas, stood a few steps away, eyes shining with a maniac light. He was an angel, Dean could tell. An angel who feasted on his siblings’ Grace.
Castiel smiled at her.
Hannah pulled her knees closer to her chest and put her chin on top of them. She didn’t know what to do. Should she go back to Heaven and never leave again or return to the bunker like nothing had happened? But Sam would question her and she didn’t want that. She didn’t want to meet him right now when she had more questions than answers. But sooner or later she had to go back. Later preferably.
“Here’s Johnny!” I say and take a step towards him. Sam leaves the dungeon in hurry. I shook my head and follow him.
Dean had to chuckle at that. Back on the familiar and well-beaten tack of self-hatred. His life wouldn’t be complete without it. He honestly couldn’t tell why the Angels had thought he was
Kevin took the paper and handed it to Gadreel.
“He’s alive.”
“Hannah.” She nodded as she introduced herself.
He stopped at the bottom of the stairs. This was where he had seen Dean again. He hadn’t remembered him at that time yet but he remembered he couldn’t shake off the feeling that he had known that man. The pain on his face had ached him and he hadn’t been able to tell why. The only thing he had known was that he had to help the man to save his brother. He had to follow him wherever he went.
“I hope so.” Then she looked at him seriously. “And you, Castiel? Are you happy?”
He just woke up but he wanted to go back to unconsciousness immediately. The nonstop chirping hurt his ears. It was worse than an angel’s true voice. And that really hurt.
Thomas started.
After making sure everyone had the amulet in their neck Sam was about to shut the truck but after a second thought he took a machete too. Annie watched him with horror as he put the weapon in his jacket.
A year. Looking back a year from this date it appeared to be the time when he had returned to the Winchesters. Crowley had captured Kevin and other future prophets. Maybe one of Jerome’s offspring would be a prophet. All angels knew the name of those chosen humans but he was not an angel anymore and that knowledge left him with his Grace.
A breeze and she was suddenly there? It sounded like an angel. But why would an angel visit her?
“You did everything you could.”
Kevin nodded and rubbed his eyes. He translated two lines so far.
“You’re dreaming” the angel explained. “I’m here to talk to you about a pressing matter.”
He was useless.
“Yeah? What is it, Cas?”
At first he tried to free his hands from the chains. Once again, his human instincts awoke and his reasonable soldier side stayed silent. With human strength he couldn’t escape from the handcuffs. He didn’t think his angelic powers would have helped now.
“Be careful with your second chance.”
For a long while an uncomfortable silence fell on the two of them, only broken by the rumble of the car. Charlie looked away, giving Sam as much privacy as she could. Maybe she shouldn’t have asked. She knew the only thing she accomplished by her curiosity was a reopened wound for Sam. She should have stayed silent.
Dean opened his eyes.
“I was so stupid…” he said and rubbed his forehead.
Sam shifted uncomfortably on his feet.
“No, it’s…” she started, flustered. “Personal.”
“But what you’re about to do is stupid, even for a Winchester. I expected better from you.”
looking for a solution from an other angel… That Cas is working on saving me instead of himself…
Castiel turned to the source of the voice. Crowley stood a few feet behind him, hands in his pockets and a smirk playing on his lips.
“No.” Ariel took off a necklace Sam just noticed all three of them wore and put it next to the stone Josiah placed there. The stone on the necklace was much smaller than the other. It had the same color but with a simple red line crossing it.
I want to step out the trap. I want to go to him and hug him and tell him everything I did since he passed away, confess my crimes I did against everyone, especially my own family. I want him to be honest with me, tell his opinion without filtering it, then hug me back without a word because actions spoke louder than words and that hug would tell me everything I needed to know. That the man who was not my father by blood but was better than one still loved me.
Kevin looked at the leaving angel then back at the corridor, meanwhile gaping like a fish and pointing at the two directions like an idiot. Cas would only know what Dean was doing if he had been in his room. Did he want to know what had happened? Definitely not, but he would probably find out anyway. He should look for a spell that would bleach his mind.
“Castiel” Hannah warned him but Castiel didn’t listen to her.
Sam was so surprised he forgot he should keep his attention on Bobby and looked at Castiel.
The hound jumped at them again. Gadreel stepped out of its way, the hellish aura burning Sam’s soul even through a celestial barrier. This continued for a few more rounds until Gadreel tried to block a frontal attack with the blade but he fell backwards as the beast collided with him and its weight pinned him down the ground. The blade slipped from his hand in the process. The angel gripped its neck, straining the muscles of his arms to keep the clashing jaws away from his face.
And the ceiling started falling down in big portions. Dean covered his head with his arms but he knew it wouldn’t save him from the falling rocks.
“Everyone is back, everyone erased by Chuck. I was…” He’d taken a shaky breath. “I hoped, I
But time was a cruel mistress. If something was destined to happen, it would happen.
Hearing Sam’s sudden inhale Bobby looked up at the younger hunter.
He wasn’t angry at Sam. He knew his words had made him upset. He was neither happy about his suggestion but they had no other choice. Those angels were looking for the ingredients of the time travel spell Henry Winchester had used. If they didn’t find Father Time, that spell would be their only chance. He didn’t know yet why but Dean was holding them back. Did he find it entertaining to watch them suffer?
And that was when he realized that it really
Sam sighed. They had decided earlier that they would tell everything, no lies. Those just made everything complicated in the long run.
Damn it! Why did this keep happening again and again? Why did everyone he loved… Why did they…
Sam laughed, trying to catch Dean but always missing him by an inch. Dean was running around and between Sam’s legs in the war room.
“I can assure you, no matter what your grandparents say, you are worthy. Your soul, though bitter, still shines bright.”
“Why chose to fight when you can solve problems in an other way?” He now directed his words to the Empty. “You may be an entity older than I can imagine, but you also deserve a small act of kindness to help you. You also deserve to be saved.”
“It’s kind of a cage. A part of the angel’s Grace is inside you, surrounding the Mark. The Mark of Cain is a binding spell. If you distance it from the host, it has no power over it.”
“Wait a minute.” She put down her cup, maybe preventing it from falling out of her grip. “You mean to tell me that an angel is inside you now?”
The man was silent for a long moment, weighting their options, then sighed and nodded.
“The guy with the golem.” Then, thinking about it, Sam added with a smirk. “Your ‘gay thing’.”
“They were on a search for the ingredients” Hannah answered. “They were in the wild and didn’t interact with anyone.”
“We have to summon Dean.”
Missouri folded her arms and turned to Becky with a frown.
There's a season 10 deleted scene with Sam and Charlie where Charlie says she had a dragon in Oz. So I named the dragon Arokh, after the badass dragon from the game called Drakan: Order of the Flame.
It looks like Sam didn’t think about this yet. Pf. The fool.
“As tempting as it sounds, you are in no condition to overpower a demon. Even a human can hold you down with ease.”
Sam chuckled and let Dean step away who turned away quickly so Sam wouldn’t see his face. Sam guessed his eyes would freeze too.
“Hey, Cas, listen to me. There are angels out there, okay? And they… they're looking for you, and they're pissed.”
Cas smiled at him.
So, remember when I said I'm adding a new subplot? Yeah, I have to reorganize the outline of the future chapters. *sigh* Why do I make my life so difficult? New subplot means new character POV next chapter.
They should have known Crowley wouldn’t leave the storage with his precious hostages to a single minion. Maybe this was Crowley’s most kept buildings before he had been searching then getting his hands on the First Blade. He wondered what the explanation of that could be. Linda was the mother of a prophet. Candy was the not-so-secret lover of some important person. Then there was the third prisoner, Joseph or something like that. He wondered why Crowley kept him here.
Gadreel felt sorry for the man standing before him and he got to his feet slowly.
The door closed behind him almost without a sound – which in the former angel’s opinion was worse than slamming it – and when the water finally started running Castiel was already under the blanket, curling his body into a ball as he tried to calm down his painfully beating heart in his chest.
Dean looked at Bobby questioningly who just turned back towards them again.
“There you are.”
Ephraim studied his face for a while then looked over his shoulder at the girl. Castiel felt the teen shaking with fear behind him.
“Sam Winchester!”
Dean licked his lower lip and stepped out from the shadows. His eyes were black like a demon’s, no traces of the green. Still, Castiel saw the pain and sadness in the dark pits of his orbs. He held the First Blade in his right hand. Higher on his arm, where the sleeve of his shirt was rolled up, the Mark itself was seen. It was smouldering with a deep red colour.
Castiel’s eyes widened.
Charlie made it her mission to be the ‘awesome and badass aunt’, as she called it. She took every opportunity to make Dean’s little second childhood as perfect as possible. They played with cars, built castles from colorful wooden blocks, dressed up us comic book characters and played hide-and-seek.
was the greatest fear of an angel.
“I’m looking for more books and scrolls” she told Benjamin who followed her. “I’m taking them to the Men of Letters bunker.”
The chapter after the next would be very depressing. But before that...
Hannah folded her arms.
Castiel was furious as he walked closer to him.
And it seemed like the world was about to collapse around Sam at the thought of her not coming with them. His soul reached out towards her, pleading that she would change her mind, that she would go with them, go with
“He’s worth e…”
He hurt Cas, he knew that by the look the other gave him, but he turned away. What he didn’t see wasn’t there.
The praise warmed up Castiel to the core of his being. Had Dean ever told him something like that? Saying that he was good at something without a teasing tone? Not that Castiel had minded those. Jokes or not, it was good to know that Dean cared about him and complimented his skills even though he was not that experienced in the human way of hunting.
An hour after the three angels had finally left the bunker, Dean changed his cloths to his running gear and started stretching just under the entrance balcony. He had come to like running, okay? Running had always meant escaping from a blood thirsty werewolf or rushing to save some innocents from a crazy ghost. Now, when he didn’t have to get anywhere, he found running… relaxing. He could think at those times. Not that he couldn’t think in his room, but running was something else. Fresh air, the pleasant burn in his muscles, and maybe he slept better at night.
“They are. And I didn’t walk into your dream. I summoned you into mine.”
Dean was out of breath when he finally made his way halfway up the mountain. He took a deep breath and exhaled, air visible as it left his mouth. His coat was too warm for this. He appreciated Ms. Tran’s care, but he had survived without a winter coat for three decades. He could survive without it for the rest of his life.
He understood it now. It hadn’t been his body that felt the pain. It had been
I look down at the Mark again.
“I don’t know what to do” he admitted. “When I was an angel, I just put my fingers on his forehead and he was physically healthy again. But without my powers I can’t do anything to help him.”
