The voice snaps him out of his thoughts, makes him drag his head upwards so fast he almost cricks his neck. Cas is still not looking at him, but his cheeks are very faintly red, and he's stopped turning the pages of the ancient volume in his hands.
"Cas," Dean says again, and Cas refuses to look at him, his eyes on the floor. And Dean is now close enough that he can lean to the side, catch his gaze, drag it back up, just like he did in that beautiful room all those years ago.
he says.
It takes him ten more minutes, two shots of Jack Daniels, a second hammer, and several mocking comments from Sam and Charlie to get the nails free. When it finally splinters away with a creaking
"Dean," he says. "It's not your fault."
He's sitting in the Men of Letters bunker and Sam's on one side of the table, laptop in front of him, and Charlie beside him, looking only slightly guilty, but mostly stubborn. Behind them, Gabriel is strolling around looking as pleased with himself as ever, with none other than the angel of sass and
"Like what?" he asks gruffly, and Gabriel looks, ironically enough, like a kid in a candy store.
I'm sure you've got a hell of a bit of catching up to do, havoc to wreak, humans to mess around with before you kill them - "
and Cas didn't say it back.
There is a shriek of rage that's almost painful to listen to, and Naomi has sent a burst of blinding white light towards Crowley - who is no longer in front of her, but rather behind her now, still with the same smug expression, and it's like having two of his worst nightmares right in front of him. Their fight is deafening to all those around them, lightning crashes of one sword hitting another, and sparks are flying in all directions, and Dean still can't figure out a way to get out of this ring of fire without running right through it. And ordinarily he wouldn't have hesitated, but this is Charlie, and she's important -
that's
Sam's probably rolling his eyes right about now, if Dean knows his brother well enough (he does), but that's not going to deter him from his goal. He's pretty certain this is the last of the sigils, and with this the invisible barrier that keeps the angels out will be broken, leaving them open to whatever
"Oh," says Crowley.
* * *  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
He finds Cas in one of the back rooms that used to be some sort of library. Standing there in his neatly pressed black trenchcoat, black pants, and black shirt, he looks less like the Angel of Thursday and more like the Angel of Death, except Dean's pretty sure the Angel of Death wouldn't be standing in the Batcave reading a book entitled
"All in good time, big boy, all in good time." Gabriel waves a noncommittal hand. "I thought I'd come visit my favorite apocalypse wreckers first and give you the deets on a little secret I know you'll like."
Sam's eyebrows shoot up so fast they disappear beneath his floppy cowboy hair. "
"What part of 'no' did you not get?"
Dean thinks, begs.
The smile widens. "See? You're not quite as dumb as you look."
"Anyway," Charlie continues, still pulling at the stray thread. Around them the music pounds through the bunker, reverberating through the floor. "I think I was always putting it off in the back of my mind, but when I was in college I...met this girl, and she was just the hottest babe, I mean, she had this gorgeous blonde hair and she just laughed so beautifully..."
Thanks for your support and patience! <33
Gabriel snaps his jaw shut. Then he smirks, falling easily back into that same careless attitude he wore as the Trickster.
did not make him worthy to be alive. Why should he get special treatment when everyone else around him he loves is dying?
and a cloud of dust is expelled upwards as Castiel closes the book, giving a small sigh that sounds almost resigned. "I had to," he says, and slips the book back onto the shelf, turning so that he's facing Dean entirely now, and Dean can see the crooked, backwards tie.
There's a slight pause while Dean considers this, his brain working to catch up.
"I know the punchline, d-bag, thank you very much," replies the angel, with a heavy dose of sarcasm. "I tried to get on Lucy's good side, he didn't take it so well, zip bam boom, lights out for me."
Dean, oddly enough, feels sorry for her. Maybe he's getting soft in his old age. Or maybe he just understands Charlie. "That bites."
"He needs to
"Hmm..?"
This particular sigil is above Dean's own bedroom door, subtly hidden behind a thin piece of plain dark wood that Dean originally mistook as one of those tacky nameplates. He may or may not have actually written his name on there when no one was looking, but now he's determined to pry it off.
Dean is getting angry now, because there's something growing in his stomach, a terrible, anxious, awful feeling that's beginning to spread outwards, threatening to choke him.
Dean's brow furrows. "Told you
"You bastards," Dean mutters, and takes another drink.
"I told you that this could all have been resolved had you just trusted me," Naomi continues. "I told you that we wanted to have the tablet up in Heaven, where it was safe. If you had just listened to me, if Cas had listened to me..." She sighs regretfully and stands, smoothing her hands down the sides of her grey suit pants. "Well, I dislike having to work with
- and smiles.
She's the one that needs protecting, that needs looking after, not Dean Winchester.
He pushes back his chair and comes towards her, and his gaze is pained. "I won't always be able to watch after...D..." He takes a breath. "...the Winchesters," he says, and something about the way he says it makes Charlie's stomach twist unpleasantly. "I don't - " she starts, but Cas shakes his head, and she shuts her mouth, waiting to hear the rest.
"At any rate," says Balthazar, who is now standing like he was never lying down, and how did he even get up so fast, she didn't even see him move. "We want to take out the king and queen, and well, little Cassie here is a bit unhappy with the arrangement, probably because Cas Dear Johnned him while he was running around playing hide and seek with the tablet - "
This has got to be a dream. Or maybe he's finally dead. Dean waves a hand, his other pinching the bridge of his nose between two fingers. "No, no, wait. Hold on a second." He points an accusing finger in Gabriel's direction. "You're
“…Charlie?”
Dean, swaying where he stands, looks up at Samandriel, takes a deep breath.
it," Cas says, and he looks up, his eyes so very blue, his mouth set in a straight line. "I didn't come here to...to bring anyone back, I came here to get the tablet away from Naomi. When I found out what it said, I..."
"Awake?"
"Then why are you hiding out here?"
says Charlie peevishly, giving Dean an expression that clearly says something along the lines of
Cas's expression is a stricken one.
Later on, after Dean scarfs down a ham and cheese sandwich and two bags of chips for lunch, he spends his time in his room rereading his dad's journal. Most of it is about the various monsters, of course. Several pages are dedicated to tracking Yellow-Eyes, and Dean leafs through these idly, rereading his past, what he's already been through. There is the usual information about wendigos, an entire chapter on vamps, one or two pages on djinn. It's all things Dean already knows.
(See the end of the chapter for
And Dean, in his selfish desire to have Cas return, had not warded the boat against angels.
"I'm dreaming."
and yes Cas has come back from the dead multiple times, but that's because he's
He's seen Cas take his hand and then let go.
And maybe that's why he hasn't wanted to angel proof anything. Maybe that's why he hasn't wanted to go back to the bunker, because the bunker's warded against angels, because Cas doesn't know about the bunker where he and Sam are slowly learning to make a home out of. Maybe that's why he wants to throw himself into his work, into
“Cas, this is Charlie,” says Dean, speaking audibly for the first time in several moments, sounding slightly disgruntled, or maybe irritated, though she doesn’t know why. And though he is introducing her, he is looking at the angel. “Charlie, Cas.”
The irony of that statement is not lost on him. Dean coughs again.
roll of his eyes expression, shaking his head, and Charlie is looking like a deer caught in headlights.
For several moments they just stand there in silence, Dean's brain working to comprehend this new information. He can understand why Cas left, can understand the reasoning behind it, but the underlying hurt refuses to go away, refuses to dissipate. It's eating him away inside, chewing him up and just waiting to spit him out.
Cas looks, not startled, but almost resigned, as though he's expected this. "Dean..."
He trails off again, and Charlie says lightly, "How do I be with another chick?"
Thankfully, however, Cas says, "Not yet" and Dean can breathe normally again. "But you know how," he says, and Cas nods. "Is it hard?"
" - you came here to tell me something, and that something is that Cas has figured out a way to read the angel tablet, and now he's bringing back dead angels. So here's what we're gonna do. You're going to take me to Cas, right now, or I will dump this vial of holy oil over your head and make good on that promise to turn you into a deep fried angel."
She knows immediately that it's the latter. Dean freezes, his entire body tensing, as though preparing for
Cas remains as stoically silent as ever, and Charlie just nods, her head bobbing up and down.
“You’re…Cas,” Charlie finishes lamely, one hand lifting and falling to gesture pathetically at the person in front of her. He regards her calmly, though says nothing, merely nods, dark eyes flickering with something she cannot read.
"I'm not your subject."
"You know, the last time you and I had a Talk, you told me you sent Sam a text pretending to be his ex-girlfriend. This time you're telling me that your friend beat the living daylights out of you and Sam has to be Harry going through the Triwizard Tournament."
At least now he doesn't have to go searching for Cas.
Most of all, however, what Charlie notices about Castiel is the overwhelming sense of weariness that emanates from him. She’s not even a hunter thing (whatever Dean and Sam call themselves), and she’s never met Cas before, but even she can tell that he’s been through a great deal. His shoulders are rounded, slumped a little, as though he bears the weight of the world on them. His eyes are dark, a little hooded, but filled with intelligence and knowledge that spans far beyond Charlie; years, decades,centuries. Castiel is an old creature, but a tired one.
So unless you've got some fantastically improbable, pathetic excuse for taking Kevin, we want him back. And even if you do - we still want him back."
There's a long pause in which Dean is dumb.
Her eyes open wide, and for a moment she says nothing, simply stares down at the blade protruding from her chest, and then back up at her attacker.
Dean rolls his shoulders, lifting his beer. "The very one."
And Dean feels as though his head is going to split in two, a resounding throb inside of his skull.
The nurse on duty thought she heard him mutter something like,
know where Cas is.
"The Winchesters, they...they like you," Cas says, and there's a strange sort of warmness that fills Charlie's chest. "They trust you. They rely on you, and I'm...I'm glad. They don't have many friends, the Winchesters, they're constantly leaving and going places, you know, and their friends are often dead, which is tragic, but you're alive and you're here and they need someone like you, I think."
So is the shirt beneath the suit jacket. The tie is a darker blue than before, almost blending into the black, but it's still, amazingly, tied backwards, and it's this fact that makes Dean almost want to laugh, makes him want to reach out and grab Cas by his tie and pull him forward and -
"The part that began with an 'n' and ends with a 'no.'"
His throat tightens. Something is making his vision blur.
"Your footsteps were the ones I wanted to walk beside for the rest of my life."
"Soooo," says Charlie, and Dean closes his eyes briefly. The glass feels cool against his cheek, where he's holding it.
* * * * * * * * * * *
That shuts him up. Dean feels his face redden slightly, and he turns away, pressing his lips together in a thin line against the rim of his glass. Charlie doesn't know. Charlie doesn't
"I won't always be able to come when they call, so I need...I need you to...watch out for them for me."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Remember what I said about not trusting angels?" Dean asks, waving Ruby's knife around, a sneer on his face. "You still fall under that category,
There's only silence.
And again.
There's also the whole alcohol thing. Charlie loves her booze, that's for sure, and it definitely helps take the edge off of the whole "monster magnet" thing she seems to be carting around, but there's a difference between having a drink every now and then to relax and downing two bottles of Jack Daniels a day like Dean is - or the equivalent in beer. Every time he goes out, it seems, he comes back with a carton of beer, or another six-pack, or a bottle of Jim Beam. So far he's stuck to the basics of whiskey and beer, but next thing they know, he'll be bringing back a bottle of vodka and then it'll all be over.
He's not sure how much longer he can stand this.
And suddenly he can breathe again and his lungs fill with air and Dean can see Charlie standing above him, a metal folding chair in her hands, the demon now lying on the floor with a look of disorientation on his face. Dean raises his eyebrows, and Charlie gives him a little grin.
brought me back, all right? He's got the angel tablet, and - "
but Dean says she'll be of some use anyway and "will keep him distracted from stabbing those two dickheads in the face."
Maybe she’s just gotten a little too into the anime lately.
himself, Balthazar, a glass with some amber liquid in his hand. Cas is seated opposite Sam, and Dean is at the head of the table, except with his forehead pressed onto the wood like somehow if he tries hard enough he'll melt into it and disappear and when he wakes up all of the crazy will be gone.
"Am too. Listen to me, Dean, I was awake."
Except it won't be. And it won't ever be, because now that he's had Cas in his life, Dean doesn't want to live a life without him.
But every once in a while, Charlie will look over and see the way Dean stands behind Cas while he teaches him to cook, see the way his finger rests casually through the belt loop of Cas's jeans. Sometimes she'll see the looks given to each other across the room - entire conversations held without so much as a single syllable uttered verbally, because the language that Dean and Cas speak to each other is not a vocal one, it's a heart one, a soul one.
And though he looks tired and exasperated and a little frustrated, he is looking at Cas with an expression that Charlie has never seen before (not that she’s even seen much of Dean, since it’s been a long time, and she only knew them for a short time before, but still).  Something gentle and firm simultaneously, something confused and messy and agonized, something completely blown to hell. She can’t read what lies beneath the emotions, and really, she’s not sure if she wants to, because this feels almost like a private moment that she and Sam are both intruding in on, and man is that just awkward all over the place. She’s not sure if Sam just doesn’t pick up the heavy tension between Dean and Cas and is choosing to ignore it, or if he’s just dense.
"Stupid because we're probably all gonna die tomorrow?" Charlie asks, half teasingly, bumping her shoulder against his, and he cracks the faintest of smiles, the corners of his lips turning upwards reluctantly. But Charlie's voice drops lower hesitating, and she picks at a stray thread on her jeans, winding it around her finger, inhaling a small breath before speaking.
He's tried to ignore the pain and the heartache, and then he's let it swallow him whole, consume him until there's nothing left.
A man who's probably spent his entire life being taught one thing when he feels another.
"Look," she says again, the laughter slipping away. "Sam's going through hell, I know - wait, bad choice of words - well, I mean,
(See the end of the chapter for
he's missed that voice so much.
made his choice. He gave me and Bobby a way out. That was
Angry because he shouldn't still be thinking of Cas except he is, like he always is, because Cas is as much a part of him as Sam is now and there's no getting around that, no matter how much he tries to tell himself that he's perfectly fine without Cas, that he should be used to people leaving him. Because the simple truth of the matter has already been put out there - he's already told both himself and Cas the rawest of emotions that he's tried so hard to bury, not once, but twice now.
"Meaning
"Just tell me what the hell the sacrifice is," he snaps, and Cas jerks a little, his eyes flickering.
"Hey, Cas," says Dean, as though they're not just meeting again for the first time in a month and the last time Cas tried to kill him and, oh yeah,
It's on the third day after everyone leaves that Dean makes a decision.
It's a pretty
The hospital smells of antiseptic.
He can hunt. And he can fight.
"And why should I listen to you?"
"Protect them," says Cas, and there's no hesitation, no hemming or hawing, and for a moment, Dean can see it, can see the General that Cas once was, the stalwart soldier of Heaven that he used to be. Inais grabs Charlie and Kevin, stands protection over them, while Gabriel, swaggering confidently around and twirling his archangel blade like a baton, kills three demons without batting an eye. Balthazar is defending himself against two angels, while Cas strides through the flames over towards Dean, and even with everything around them falling apart, Dean wants nothing more than to just pull  Cas into his arms and hold him there forever.
"You know, all of this is just..." Dean waves a hand carelessly, half gesturing towards Gabriel, across the room, who is currently tossing back shots with a busty brunette coiled in his lap.
tell, from this one small thing, is that there is something heavy and unspoken between Castiel and Dean.
Something she wishes she had.
here before."
Dean gives a bitter laugh. "This isn't his home."
No. This isn't because of
The moose doesn't speak your language.
"Yeah, um..." He coughs, and stands, rubbing his mouth with his fist. Then he stands. "Here, you can take the bed."
The angel blade goes straight through Crowley's heart.
Both of them look over at the bed beside Dean's, which currently has its curtains drawn back so that the pale face of Castiel can be seen. His eyes are closed, of course, and his head is slightly turned away, his chest rising and falling slowly. He looks so unbearably
Sam's voice can be heard faintly above the screaming flames and the angel versus demon fight, and Dean squints through the haze of red and black to see Sam running towards him, dragging Kevin along behind him. They dodge flames, duck away from falling debris, and finally they're right in front of them, and Charlie's fingers are tight against the back of Dean's jacket.
Cas's scream fills the air, deafening above the rest of the melee, shivering into his soul, into Dean's soul, and Dean can see red and black and then a brilliant, blinding white and Crowley's yanking his hand back and there's something held in his hand, something so pure and
Only when that happens, Dean will be fighting it alone, because everyone leaves him in the end.
friends for the past six years, standing by each other's sides, fighting together,
Charlie claps her hands together and dispels the disgruntled silence that wafts up between them. "Okay," she says cheerfully, almost
- and she's not disappearing. Her eyes are burning, almost literally, and there are thick golden orange flames licking at her torso and the sides of her face, an awful smile twisting her lips upwards, contorting her expression.
Hopefully.
Because he said
Charlie wonders if this is what angels do when they're bored.
so much blue that it's almost blinding him.
There is a ringing silence that follows this, long enough that Dean grows uncomfortably aware that he's been shouting loud enough to wake the dead and it's almost three in the morning and oh yeah, Charlie's asleep in the bed right next to them. He glances over at her, but she's thankfully still asleep.
The Queen of Heaven is dead.
"Good night, Cas."
judge of relationships," Charlie says, and a muscle in Dean's jaw flexes as he grinds his teeth together. "Seeing as how I basically live life as a monster magnet and the one time I could have gotten lucky with a hot fairy, you two had to butt in and ruin it."
"I told you," she says quietly, a smile on her face. Behind her, Dean can see Sam going towards Crowley, only to be thrown back again, and Dean can't do anything, he's never been able to do anything at all.
Dean shrugs, trying to look nonchalant. "He stopped. He was being controlled by this angel chick, Naomi, who told him to take the tablet and kill me. But...he didn't. Something...something broke the spell and he stopped before he killed me."
"Cas, I don't know...if what I'm doing is right," Dean says. "I don't know which path I'm supposed to take anymore. All I know is that I need to keep my little brother safe."
he says incredulously, and Sam shrugs, fiddling with the keys to the Impala. Dean throws up a
Castiel shakes his head. Grabs the ribbon off the bed and loops it around his own wrists. “No.”
“Right.”
“Dean, you just drove across town in the middle of your work day. You’re also ridiculous.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel presses his foot down against Dean’s crotch.
Dean rolls his eyes. “I’m not telling.”
Grinning, Dean waves Castiel forward, and Castiel is on him in an instant.
“Not in this case. With the proper enclosed space and spell ingredients, he’ll be able to manifest the contents of his last dream. They won’t last long, an hour at the most, but that’s long enough to carry out the second spell. And I’d be very surprised if the contents of that dream didn’t include back-up. He could manifest an entire army.”
goods, you hear me?”
“Yeah, but-”
“You’re upset,” Castiel pieces together. “I’m not sure why.”
“Yeah,” Dean says. “Maybe not the backdoor, but… That much, yeah.”
“Just told you,” Dean says. “I didn’t make you worry.”
“Mmhm.” Castiel rests his head on the same pillow as Dean, just the edge of it.
why you’re so possessive?”
Castiel finds his breathing doing the same as Dean undergoes a complementary pheromone response.
When it starts to edge over into the unpleasant kind of pain, Dean cries out, “Please fuck me, Master!”
Castiel opens the door.
Eventually, Castiel sinks down all the way to the parking lot pavement. He gets up and repeats his slow but effective work on the next bit of the mound. Slush spreads out, gradually refreezing, but it should lower the bumps of snow enough to let the Impala drive over them.
Hands fisted in the shoulders of Castiel’s shirt, Dean kisses him.
“Dream summoning?” Sam repeats. “Cas, most of the stolen stuff works for dreamwalking. What do you mean, summoning?”
“Then you’re being a brat,” Castiel informs him, nipping at Dean’s earlobe. “You
By the time Castiel sets the glass aside, Dean is properly hard.
“You feed your brother cat food.“
That is not how it ends.
“Bed. Please.”
“Yes?” Castiel checks.
Immediately, the servant reappears at Castiel’s side, his helm replaced by a bowl of water and a towel. Standing as steadily as his legs will hold him, Castiel frowns into the damp cloth scraped down his face. Very gently, one of the medics begins to assess his arm.
As a rule, angels do not get bored.
Dean can’t help his groan of relief. “Thank you, Castiel.”
“It involves you telling my doctors under what conditions I’d like them to pull the plug,” Castiel admits.
“O...kay,” Dean says, kinda thrown off by the cryptic response.
Then Dean looks at him, and says, “Oh.”
“We should clean up,” Castiel murmurs eventually. He stretches. Prompts Dean to do the same.
“That’s up to you two, but Jimmy here needs some Plan B,” Gabriel reminds them.
“You’re better now!” Dean shouts at his brother, even as Castiel pushes on Dean’s shoulder and leads them both outside.
Castiel nods. “When?”
“Getting kinda cold out here, pal,” Dean says. “You ready yet?”
“Very good.” With that done, he readies his gauze. For the donors giving blood, he can simply ask them to hold down the gauze for him once he takes the needle out, but with a needle still in Dean’s other arm, it’s a slightly more involved process. “I’m going to take this out, press the gauze down, check it, apply a new piece of gauze, then tape that down,” he explains, sensitive to Dean’s nerves. Once more, the man is looking up at him with eyes a little too wide, face a little too red.
“Fuck!” he shouts, scalding ash sizzling against the wet flesh of his palm, searing into the cut. Something fizzes up his arm, inside his blood, and it rumbles its way up inside his brain. There, in startling clarity, Dean’s dream from last night surges to the forefront.
“Scooby Doo? Awesome,” Dean tells him with a big grin, once more tapping Castiel on the chest.
Cas’ shoulders fall faintly. His hand drops from the umbrella, from around Dean’s. “No reason,” he says.
With a grateful moan, Dean resumes thrusting. He can hardly keep his eyes open against the wave of sensation, the skin-deep knowledge of each other, the rising wave of new scents—sweat, slick, saliva—flooding his nose.
Castiel’s own smile bursts across his face. Jubilant, it refuses all restraint.
Dean gestures for Jimmy to go first.
“Yes,” Castiel answers with absolute confidence.
“January twenty-fourth,” Dean answers, rising.
Dean daydreams. He drifts. He comes back to himself, knees aching, back complaining, idly playing with his hole while leaning half on his bed, still looking at the panties.
“Some people send flowers,” Dean complains, phone pressed between his shoulder and ear as he transfers literal bags full of cat biscuits from shopping cart to Baby’s trunk. “Seriously, man, just ask her out.”
“We’ll be doing group shots first, so nobody pop a knot until it’s time for your close-ups,” Gabriel warns. “Even you, Hunter, that’s just good continuity.”
“Except you
The hard kiss.
A hard shove hits Castiel from behind, rocking him into the spearman, but Castiel goes down on top and lets gravity do its work. Climbing back to his feet is far more strenuous than it has any right to be. This hardly stops him.
Every Friday, Castiel catches himself looking to the door at three o’clock, just in case. Every Friday, Hannah shakes their head at him when he looks to them with a question in his eyes. Every Friday, Meg tells him about new shows he ought to try on Netflix.
Dean looks at him. Shifts the angle of his hand.
do,” King Michael replies. “For what reason would you disobey me?”
Wraps his hand around Dean’s over the umbrella handle.
“Yes,” Castiel rasps, so sincere in his lust.
They feel so good under his hand, against his cheek. A lifetime of mass-produced cotton blends, and now he has silk and satin, a world of indulgence just for his dick. Fuck, but he’s going to wear these.
Half a minute later, having long since synchronized his own lunch breaks with Castiel’s, Dean texts back.
“When,” Dean starts to ask, eyes wide, mouth falling open.
Groaning and flipping Dean off, Cas gets up. “I’ll be quick.”
The other two alphas stand off to the side, the prudishly traditional, omega-only kind of alphas Dean can hardly believe actually work in porn without getting booted out on their asses. Some directors might be shit, but Gabriel’s always done his due diligence where it comes to sexual harassment on set and behind the scenes.
“Yeah,” Dean says.
“I brought headphones, I got my music,” Dean says before pulling out his phone and patting it. “Guessing it’s headphones time.”
Another nod. “I want to blow you in your panties,” Castiel says, because
Castiel opens the bedroom door for him and flicks on the lights. “There,” he commands, placing the cushion down beside the bed, close enough that Castiel could stand or sit.
“I agree.”
“I’m gonna kick your fucking head off,” Hunter says, and that’s when the horns blow.
“Cas,” Dean groans.
At some point after Dean’s jaw aches but before he absolutely has to give up, Castiel does a quick double-tap against Dean’s shoulder. Hazy, Dean pulls off. He keeps his cheek on Castiel’s thigh, though.
“The omega was so striking, so young?”
Cas shuffles up behind Dean, and for one surreal moment, Dean is dreaming.
With a wary eye trained on Castiel, clearly waiting for an outsider to usurp him, Jake Talley positions the group according to their strengths and reaches. “And when I say pull back, we pull back,” he finishes. He looks pointedly at Castiel.
Groaning, Castiel drags himself out of his undershirt. Dean takes it and starts to mop himself up, only for Castiel to bat his hands away and take over. Castiel’s jizz cleaned off,
Castiel immediately looks away, eyes ahead.
“Even with condoms. Even though we run blood tests on
“Uh,” Dean says. “We could start with the friend way… if you wanted?”
Coughing in between controlled breaths, Ava only nods.
“Yeah, so now you can approve the whole night, minus one thing.”
At one of the walls of this vast yet crowded waiting room, there stands a cluster of alphas in distinctively Winchester-style gear. It’s by far one of the largest groups assembled, obviously due to combatants already knowing each other.
“Stop me if this gets too weird—hell, it’s already gotten weird—but are you good with masturbating and stuff? ‘Cause, gotta say, I’m something of a fan myself.”
The line only, and not Alistair himself: Alistair hangs back before circling around at a jog. Before breaking into a run.
Come the civil war, Castiel enters knighthood early and superbly. He becomes a captain. A commander. Had the war raged long enough, none doubt his eventual rise to general. Instead, with an uneasy stalemate between Lucifer and King Michael, Raphael’s meddling to the east, and Prince Gabriel’s abrupt abdication, Castiel finds himself thrust into yet another role: that of a fledgling diplomat.
“Would you try?”
“Right?” Dean answers, likewise.
maybe soon they’ll make that leap. All skin and only skin, and Dean comes hard as layers of fantasies condense into the tight reality of what they’ve already made possible.
“Can I help you?” a deep voice asks from behind him.
Dean grabs the remote and turns the TV off. ‘
Body singing in tune to the music now coming from Castiel’s room, Dean readies himself in the bathroom. His finishing touch feels silly, now that he comes to it, but Castiel’s larger bathroom allows Dean the extra few steps back from the mirror, enough room to see more of himself.
“You want me all to yourself?” Alistair asks, still with that smile. The other alphas gathered around him look on in confusion. One makes coarse reference to army mates, but Alistair doesn’t acknowledge the slight.
Castiel hangs up, but almost immediately sends a text:
“It’s the only way they’re compatible,” Prince Samuel continues.
A somewhat distant look comes into Dean’s eyes, along with what might be a faint smile. “You’re a good dad, Cas.”
This isn’t about feeling ashamed.
subs, after all. For what might be the first time, Dean’s mouth waters at the idea of switching those roles. It’s been so good to finally relax and let Castiel take charge, but tonight, there’s too much energy, too much excitement to relax.
Dean slams the trunk and clears his throat. “Anyway. I’ll drop these off, but seriously, this is getting stupid. People
Jimmy stands still for it, wafting annoyance, arousal, and anxiety all at once. Slowly, he hugs Dean back. “Stop calling me ‘baby,’” he mutters into the lapel of Dean’s bathrobe.
The man relaxes into the chair, somehow managing to lounge on the inadequate surface. His smile is easy and casual; not people-pleasing, but openly amused at being asked this by the same person who had just called him in by name. Or maybe it’s the sight of Castiel’s dinosaur scrubs beneath his white coat, picked out for him by his godson. Whatever the reason, the man smiles while he says, “Dean Winchester, January twenty-fourth.”
“But not tonight, I didn’t mean tonight,” Dean quickly adds. “I asked you out, I pay.”
Castiel shifts in his chair. He lifts one sock-clad foot and presses it against Dean’s straining dick, and Dean folds over Castiel’s leg, groaning as if he’d just been kicked.
When Castiel attempts to sit separately, Dean shifts and drags Castiel’s legs back over his lap. Dean drums atop Castiel’s thighs with loose, nervous fists. “This is gonna sound maybe a little weird,” Dean says.
“Mary?” asks King John.
“Rainbow dinosaurs. Jack got three books out of the library about dinosaurs yesterday,” Castiel explains.
“Okay!” Despite being forever told not to, Jack jumps off the step stool, only to be immediately caught by his mother.
“My happiness,” Dean repeats.
“Are you going to tell me what the item is?” Cas asks.
With dessert eaten and another cup of coffee downed for their drives home, Castiel settles the bill and they wander back out into the night. As they walk back to where they’ve left their cars, their hands brush, but only barely, a hesitation somewhat like teasing. Before true hand-holding can occur, they walk long enough to find a largely empty lot. Remaining are only Castiel’s truck, a massive muscle car, and a Honda.
Castiel nods as he listens, commenting along the lines of “That does sound very frustrating” while hoping that friend runs out of candidates soon.
“Totally does. Worth it, though.”
“Given that you are such an integral part of the framework of my life, I want to make that official.”
Castiel throws back his head and sighs. Still holding Dean in place, he pushes deeper, pushes all the way in until Dean kisses him to the root. That gets a groan, low and approving.
Rather than the traditional joust, Dean Winchester has selected instead a melee. The omega, famed for his emerald eyes and cupid’s bow lips, has such a surfeit of suitors that the only efficient means of deciding among them is battle.
“Did,” Castiel corrects.
“Why are you asking my permission to ask out a librarian?” Castiel interrupts. “Fresh gauze, lift.”
And most of the next.
Brow furrowed, she straightens his tie. “You tied it backward,” she confirms.
Dean shakes his head. Shakes inside his skin. Lungs straining, throat burning. The rising panic.
Keeping an eye on the fallen alphas, Castiel drinks from his waterskin just enough to wash the coating of dust from his throat. He tucks it away and draws his sword well before the horns sound again, releasing them into battle anew.
Castiel looks up from the medical bed he’s sanitizing. “Friday?”
Gordon visibly weighs his odds, and when he and Ava make their move, Gordon hangs back to let her take the brunt of the response.
“Did I scratch the car?” Dean asks, squirming to look.
“Got it,” Dean confirms, taking a turn far more quickly than his baby wants. They make the exit, and flipping off the honking cars behind him is almost an afterthought. “But if we can’t break up part one, you’re ready to intercept before part two, right?”
Back bowed, head lowered, Castiel trains his eyes on the base of King Michael’s throne. “My king, you know that this, I cannot do.”
Dean opens his mouth. He plays his tongue out over his bottom lip, just barely. A soft cushion, a place of Castiel to use.
“This is wrong!” Gordon shouts, now to Prince Samuel. “He can’t be on the field. I never agreed to this!”
“I don’t think you do,” Jimmy interrupts, something Dean’s grown to expect from other alphas in the business, but not so much the omegas.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam smiles wider than the devil that once possessed him, and answers: “Cas.”
By the time Cas walks through the front door, Dean’s accomplished absolutely none of his homework, and he can’t even care. Cas closes the door hard, locks it commandingly, and drops his bag. He doesn’t remove his loafers. The suit jacket stays on. Tellingly, he hasn’t loosened his tie, and it’s a different one than Castiel had worn at lunch. Now, it’s the one Dean bought him their first anniversary.
Dean can’t breathe for wanting to lick it off his mouth.
Rolling his eyes but still grinning, Dean stands. “Do you wanna go home and change first or…?”
Looking at each of the indicated women, Sam nods along. “Okay, sounds good.”
“Oh,” he says.
That gets Dean another firm drag by the tie. That gets Dean’s face humped.
Castiel looks out through the curtain, translucent as it is from the interior, and Hunter has pushed Prince Samuel into solely defensive maneuvers. With growing dread, Castiel looks at the
Dean Winchester walks back into the donation center, and Castiel is smiling. Dean spots him over the half wall, raising a hand in a wave, and Castiel nods back, his hands busy applying gauze. Rather than waiting for Castiel to be ready, Hannah simply reaches around and sets a clipboard atop the half wall behind their chair after confirming Dean’s appointment.
The way he says it is… weird. A lack of accusation or suspicion. It’s confusing in its simplicity. Whatever else Jimmy is, he’s earnest.
“What if-”
When Dean stirs, his breathing hitches. “Cas?” he yawns, lifting one hand from Castiel’s back to rub at his eye.
With a slow, proprietary inspection, Castiel’s eyes trace Dean’s shaking thighs. They linger on the damp spot.
And promptly endures the rest of his heart snapping in half.
“Draw in tighter,” Captain Talley tells the group. “Ava, we’re going to keep you inside. Give you a breather.”
Set atop his bed, the package waits for his return.
“Hey,” Dean says.
At that, Castiel nods with new-found understanding. “Meg can be a territorial friend, it’s true.”
King Michael studies Castiel’s face long and hard. Then, with a nod, he snaps his fingers, pointing to Castiel. “The Winchester omega.”
“Please,” Castiel begs.
“Aw, fuck, Cas, fuck me,” Dean begs.
Dean knows the feeling.
“What is your mouth for, Dean?”
“Okay, just to be clear,” Dean says. “
“Right,” Dean says, feeling this conversation drifting further out of his control, his fingertips barely able to touch the thread of it. “And we haven’t, even with you dropping the dating bombshells like ‘we need to have a serious talk about our relationship.’”
He dreams so.
“I gathered that,” Hannah repeats.
“Jack Kline, May eighteenth.”
“Kinda disproportionate, punishment-wise.”
“Jesus, Dean, it’s freezing!”
With a triumphant shout, Hunter kicks Alistair over.
“You want me, you chase me,” Hunter says, dropping his visor. He bolts away, running perpendicular to the lines, back toward the stands and the royal box.
Through the curtain, Castiel sees King John rise and stride to the front of the royal box.
At Prince Dean.
He nods back, echoing the gesture.
The blue blaze in Castiel’s eyes and the tightening grip of his outstretched hand are explanation enough.
Eyes wide and darkening once more, Jimmy nods.
“Grandpa Henry went into remission in, like, early November?”
“Cool, so you make it sound terrifying instead.”
“You’re going to yield,” Prince Samuel tells him, “and you’re going to keep your mouth shut for an hour. One hour.”
Eventually, Castiel asks, “Do you have anything else you need to do before class tomorrow?”
Dean sits down on the bed. Draws his legs up. For an instant, the contrast of his leg hair and the panties jars his mood, but Castiel’s hands worship from ankle to knee, stroking hair and skin and muscle as he waits for Dean’s permission.
“Yeah, one sec.” Phone and headphones already out, Dean spreads his jacket over his legs and covers his chest with his flannel. “Brought my own blankets this time. No tucking necessary.”
One of the assistants attempts to come forward with the lube, but Jimmy’s scent flares, and they both tense up over it.
“Am I pushing too far?”
“When you have done it,” Dean says slowly. “Did you want to?”
The lengthy process gives him time to consider how he wishes for matters to proceed. Tonight, he chooses to lie facing the same direction as Dean. With a gap still between their bodies, Castiel positions himself as what Dean refers to as a little spoon. They’re much more like two bowls, one stacked upon the other, a pair of closing parentheses. That is how they truly curl around each other. Whenever Castiel insists that they don’t nestle their skulls together as spoons would, Dean simply laughs. Sometimes, Dean jokes about how “bowling” is already something else. Sometimes, Dean jokes about playing with bumpers as well.
himself. The dick hitting against Dean’s stomach is just as hard as Dean’s own. “
Blinking past the lighting, Dean notices something. “Wait, where’d everyone else go?”
“Show me everything you’d do to make me stay.”
“Dude!” Dean shouts at him across the flimsy barrier of sturdy half-walls, holding up his own phone and pointing at it.
“Clarence, you mansplaining over there?” Meg calls across the center.
Dean returns with a grin and a proud bulge. He moves slowly with his own arousal, deliberately with it, and the panties—more like shorts—embrace his hard on as much as they cradle his balls.
“Hm?”
“Is it a new vibrating cock ring?” Cas asks.
Jimmy snarls again as Benny gets too close, but he clenches down while he’s at it.
“Uh, yeah,” Dean answers, pulling his plaid back on. “Guess I’m a little nervous.” Cheeks lightly flushed, a general fidgeting throughout his body, the signs are obvious when Castiel actually looks for them.
“Trusted you to give it to me.” Dean looks up at Castiel properly before pressing a kiss against the bulge in his slacks. “‘Cause I know you love me being your good boy.”
at work, that’s different. When you’re hanging out,
And he slips the tie over Dean’s head.
“To what? What are you going to be looking at?”
,” Castiel snaps. “If I was dying, would you want to have an active role in taking care of me or would you be too overwhelmed?”
“I didn’t know he
As always, to see what else I'm working on, you can follow me on
The number of alliances, however, grows increasingly clear as the full hundred fills the arena floor. Groups clump. Clusters separate. Alphas exchange looks with those next to them, and each negotiates by word or body language as to who shall be the first target. The corners of the arena have already been claimed by those confident enough in their abilities to not think themselves cornered. Only time will tell for them.
The strain of prolonged combat visibly delaying his reaction, Hunter pauses before grinning, the expression visible in his eyes. Through the wide slit of his visor, sweat shines on his face, beading in the dust on his skin. “Whenever I can get away with it.”
Jimmy shakes his head and squeezes Dean hard between his massive thighs, squeezes and pulls like he’ll never allow Dean to slip out of him again.
Trial and error has taught Castiel to keep going. Even through the worn cloth of his t-shirt, Dean recognizes Castiel’s touch. Rather than wake from the unconscious suspense of a stranger in his sanctum, Dean grumbles against his pillow at the safe interruption.
“Because I’m in the graveyard,” Cas answers. “The ingredients they’re missing are all from extinct creatures, but if they carry out the dream summoning, that won’t matter.”
As they finally, mercifully leave the mall, Jack grabs both of their hands. “No swinging today, Mommy’s tired,” Kelly tells Jack, both she and Castiel weighed down by bags in their other hands.
Hands shaking, Dean pulls Cas in. Shifts on the bed, kneels up on the bed, the better to get Cas to lean against him.
Cas looks over his shoulder. Tilts his head.
Jake Talley looks to Castiel with the clear indication that Prince Samuel should have been the one to specify this.
The man frowns back. They stare at each other for a long, mutually incredulous moment before the man nods to himself and starts loading his own cart with cat food and treats. He sets to it with the diligence of a quartermaster preparing the rations for his troops.
“Okay.” Castiel closes his eyes briefly, visualizing his new route past several grocery stores, and decides which one. “I’ll see you in half an hour, traffic pending. Love you.”
“Unmated,” Jimmy answers instantly, pointing to his neck. “No mark.”
Hunter slaps his sword against his shield, once, twice, before squaring up for another exchange. “What?”
“I’m coated in scent-blockers,” Dean explains once the thinking starts back up. Well, coated except for his back, but he has a strong inkling no one’s gonna help him spray that missing patch. “Trying to get a whiff of omega for the rest of the alphas to pick up, y’know. I’m already in costume, no nudity or anything happening here.”
The hand in Dean’s mouth shifts, three fingers pressing down against Dean’s tongue, Castiel’s thumb and pinkie pressing up against the underside of his jaw. The slow thrust of his fingers down Dean’s throat tilts Dean back farther, tilts him until he has to be falling.
Dean gasps out filthy nothings against his skin.
By the time Cas is truly finishing loading the dishwasher, Dean’s heart is beating out of control, but Dean himself is calm.
Dean holds still, and Castiel sticks him. Castiel transfers the stress ball to Dean’s other hand, wraps Dean’s fingers securely around it, and sticks Dean’s other arm as well. After covering each needle with a piece of gauze—more for the psychological comfort than for the hygiene risk—Castiel pronounces Dean ready.
They get that fixed quickly enough, and Castiel rattles through the remaining questions with the pace of a busy waiter listing the day’s specials. Fortunately, it seems Dean Winchester is the type to crack a grin when asked if he’s had sex with a man in the past three months, or engaged in sex work in the same length of time. It’s a bunch of
“Mm,” Castiel hums distractedly, grabbing the labels for Dean’s donation. “Let’s get you set up.”
“By buying me dinner,” Dean counters, waving his hand in clear negation.
Hannah says, “Castiel-”
A big thank you to Ltleflrt and Vyc for beta'ing, and to all you lovely people who have read this far.
Dean takes a deep breath of synthetic, synthetic, synthetic. No irritation making it through the blockers on either of them, as far as he can tell. “Yeah, so how are we touching for that? Holding hands, arm around the shoulders? Go old fashioned and link arms, what? If I reach for you, are you reaching back, what are we doing?”
Castiel gives a tug on the tie, jerking Dean tighter against his clothed erection. The tension around his neck is just shy of enough.
“No. You missed it by six feet.”
Gingerly, Dean squeezes his shoulder. Stands up.
Dean settles the check. They exit and walk a block and a half. They sit back down on either side of a booth in an all-night diner, and promptly order coffee.
Already laughing to himself, Dean relinquishes his hold on Cas’ face to instead offer his hand. “Nice to meet you.”
Not fight. Not battle.
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s seriously impossible to tell,” Dean admits, his arm nevertheless around Cas’ shoulders. “It’s fine, though.
An unseen force grips Dean’s knees, a force very much shaped like a pair of warm hands. As Dean strains against the grip in his short hair, against the bindings on his wrists, his knees begin to drag themselves apart. When they’ve spread as wide as they can go, wider than his dick and his jeans agree with, they stop.
“I love you, Dean,” Castiel whispers into him, the glow blazing hot between his teeth. Castiel slips it inside of him, easy as dying, and everything breaks apart.
Castiel removes and turns off the cockring, and they lie there a long time, breathing.
“I’m afraid my charade has drawn his attention to your brother,” Castiel apologizes to Prince Samuel.
“Breathe,” Castiel urges. He bends down and takes the tie off Dean. He brushes his fingers around Dean’s neck, maybe tracing a red line of his own making. “We have all night. All weekend. You’re right, you planned this well, sweet boy.”
King John raises both of his hands, lowers them, and the cheering quiets.
With a lurid grin, Benny folds his arms and asks, “What about that mouth of his? That opens nice and wide too.”
Jimmy’s giving him. Like there’s a question behind those piercing eyes that Dean ought to know the answer to, even though he hasn’t been so much as asked the question. It’s hard to look away from Jimmy, and not just because he’s one of the omegas in the industry who’s even more of a looker
Cas stares up at him from the kitchen table.
Here and now, the pull of Dean’s swollen knot at Jimmy’s rim is enough to turn Jimmy’s quiet chuckles to far louder groans, and not entirely the sexy kind.
“You’re jubilant.” Already directed away from Dean, Jimmy’s voice grows increasingly harder to hear. “You clearly love what you do, and I’ve never seen another alpha embody that from the receiving end.”
“I’m making you uncomfortable. It’s okay, Dean, I don’t have to be your most important person. You have more people in your life. And it’s you, so you have enough love for us all anyway.”
It’s still a week and a half into January before Castiel actually sees him, but Dean’s patter syncs right back up with Castiel’s dry approach to socialization as if it hasn’t been a full month.
, he’s never paid attention to. Sure, he’s noted some love handles from pie loving him back, but that’s not the same as curves. Except, now it is. Even the bulge of his stomach—small enough Dean knows he’s only being paranoid and vain about it—even that feels intentional with these on.
Landing hurt as he hadn’t recovered fully from yesterday's healing sessions. The man groaned as Cas stumbled to a stop. Glancing around at the middle of nowhere’s-vill USA and saw the large building, was that a bunker? Cas moved forward, it looked overgrown and unused. Logically he knew a safe house shouldn’t have an arrow pointing at it but sighs of life would have made him feel better. Maybe he should just knock? Warding covered the grey walls. Someone was prepared and expected a little of everything, even angels, so blinking in wasn't an option. The man’s life sights were stable but Cas felt an urgency like he was being hunted. As a soldier, he had learnt a long time ago to trust that instinct, so making a decision he strode over to the metal door. The foliage had become overgrown but not around the door, finally, a sign of its use. The rapping of his knuckles on the metal echoed loudly into the darkness.
“Awesome. Can I make smores?”
Find him,’ it wasn’t a voice but a pull, as if his soul knew where to go. He wasn’t sure how he did it and everything hurt but he moved. The wall was his support as he stood on broken legs, then one foot in front of another for what felt like an eternity. Finally, Dean’s gaze flitted over a dark purple sign. ‘Darkness Rises,’ he read before quickly falling into a heap. Arms caught him, such strong arms held him as he gazed up into the beautiful blue eyes of his memories. Dean knew at once that he could trust this man, this Angel. If he had been in his right mind it would have horrified him but right now he only wanted one thing. The Angel spoke to a Demon and as he drifted he caught most of what was said.
“I couldn’t leave him an opening,” He took a step forward, reaching for Max. “I had to agree.”
“I told you not to join, I told you not to follow me… it’s been three years, let it go!”
Cas gave the coordinates, “We developed a communication issue.”
“I wasn’t too much? Too hard on you?”
“I need to run an errand,” Cas replied, face unmoving, no trace of the casual, laughing person that had been there only moments ago.
“It’s saved your butt more than once,” Cas replied, glancing up. That’s why they called him, Uri, he was their guard and their lucky charm, it became his call sign when they’d enlisted. When the others in their team had asked, Max had mentioned Ancient Mesopotamian religious studies. Everyone agreed with it rather than keep him talking. Going on about their years at Harvard typically got that response in their profession. They both dragged and rolled back into the hole he just crawled out of, Cas steadying Max as he rolled in.
“Yeah,” he straightened his trench coat which along with his clothes he’d rematerialised and followed her out into the early morning air. It was cool, the sky was clear and full of fluffy clouds, a lovely day. Cas touched Meg’s shoulder, engaged his wings and screamed.
Cas returned the radio to his pack, trying not to daydream.
The Demon took it tentatively as if it would bite and Cas laughed. It shocked them both and she stared at him as if he’d grown a third eye. Again, they ignored it because there was only so much they were willing to acknowledge.
“Fine.”
“It’s pitch black outside your light ball thing. Typical, I visit the oldest place on earth and I can’t even see it. I'm going to turn my torch-”
Cas could tell it was causing him physical pain and it became worse as he lit the oil. The parchment burned slowly, it had been designed to survive in a dark, damp place, to stand against time herself. It would be a while before it was nothing but very blessed ashes.
Dizziness swamped his vision and he collapsed in a heap as the woman reached for his arm.
“Maybe and you’d deserve it too,” Max chastised.
Max cringed, “Can you make sure he doesn’t take it out on me this time? I mean, I love running laps, I do but three days was a little excessive. And it wasn’t even my fault we got trapped by those insurgents, it was yours.”
Cas lost his shit and hissed, “Be quiet Dean.”
As he reached for the wound, their succubus genes spoke to each outer. He should have been prepared for it, it was part of their lives and culture, simply a daily interaction but Cas' Incubus reacted a way it never had before and lit up his body with a roar, emotional fire consuming him.
“The human resistance, well half-human.”
“I think we’re connected somehow. Something my kin did while you were in their possession. Maybe it’s responsible for the way we feel as well?”
“Okay, well I’m pissed about her violating me but I’m not pissed about you. I mean, I really like you…” Dean glanced at the ceiling as the words landed.
“Hello, Dean.” The angel replied as he appeared immediately in his path. Dean slid to a stop but wasn’t fast enough and crashed right into Cas' solid chest. Bouncing off the man, Dean landed on his ass on the cold floor and glanced up at his friend.
“Cas?” Dean’s sleepy voice called.
“Okay. Sure.”
“Change of plan.” Cas prompted the driver as they changed course.
“Even more reason to leave him to die in a gutter,” she cursed.
Dean could have slapped himself, “In… six hours…”
The pain was unbearable, for a being who rarely felt pain it was almost indescribable. Agony filled him as if parts were being torn from his soul.
Glancing over his shoulder he replied with a wry smile, “Nothing. You begged Mom to let you go out scouting and now you’re bored?”
Cas shuffled on the spot and whispered, “I’ll just wait here then.” To the empty air.
Frowning at the spot where Cupid had been Cas replied, “I assume we were successful and the witch now has him.”
Cas tried not to stare at the small crinkle of skin that formed between Dean’s eyebrows, it was cute. The thought threw him, he did not use words like ‘cute’. Annoyance flowed as he replied, “No. I think my grace is bound to your atoms and your essence… it is permanent.”
Cas grinned and it was blinding, “I feel like I’ve known you forever… is that strange?”
The question caught him off guard, startled he replied, “It’s not my fault you think beards are hot.”
There was chatter beyond the bars. Darkness flicked at the edges of his vision while the cold of the concrete floor seeped into his knees. It grounded him but only for a second and then nothing.
Taking out a small vial, Cas poured Holy oil on what could be the worlds oldest piece of parchment. Max watched his every move.
A tear slid from Dean’s eye, thankfully the angel couldn’t see, “Yeah, that was amazing.”
“What was that?”
“They are experimenting on us and have been for a very long time,” Dean said.
The next sensation he felt was warm. He was comfortable as consciousness pushed him up from the depths. Voices disturbed his rest, someone wasn’t happy.
“…Are they sure?”
“Hey, no. Don't do that. We’re in a jungle for fuck's sake, all macho and shit. We have guns! Come on you’re ruining my strong hetero vibe here.”
Taking a deep breath he didn’t need, Cas hunched forward and rested his hands on his knees.
“I wanted you safe,” he whined and it was a shock to them both. They froze to the spot for a few second, neither really knowing what to do about his general weirdness.
“Fly.”
Meg stared at him, “You can’t be serious? In several millennia you’ve been stumped twice?”
“Can you roll off me please?” He grunted.
“I know. I’m… torn.”
“So, what's the plan?” Dean asked as he sat next to Cas.
“Gone, he went to heaven, it feels like forever ago. Anything could have happened and it'll be my fault because I sent him there. If he's dead... oh god...”
Cas coughed, Angels didn’t need to cough so it was to get their attention.
“You will if I murder you,” Dean whispered under his breath glancing absentmindedly through his damp binoculars.
“Cas!” Dean yelled and threw himself at the Angel. They embraced hard and Dean felt a wave of relief.
“Why you little-”
“Yeah, ungrateful for the memory loss, the internal haemorrhaging, the being in the military! So much to be grateful for, yep where to start?”
Another eye roll punctuated the rapidly approaching sirens. Glaring, she waved her hand flippantly, “Go, I’ll keep the devil from your door.”
“Dean!” The cupid yelled as he squeezed him hard. The Angel was strong and it forced the breath from the hunter.
What a moment it was, the blue-eyed, well-dressed director had asked him to dance. They’d talked well up until midnight and then he had taken his leave; well it was his party after all. They had been the talk of the event and yet it all seemed so long ago as if a lifetime had passed not simply hours. Dean would never admit it aloud, he barely could to himself but this had been the best and worse night of his life. He’d met the love of his life… yeah, it was insane, he knew that but one touch, one conversation and he never wanted Castiel to be a stranger. Cas had a laugh he’d recognise it until his dying day. The thought that he wouldn’t wake up to him or see those blue eyes again was devastating.
Laughing, Cas let the ash of the scroll fall to the floor, “I think I’m going to tell him you know. I’m tired of hiding.”
She grinned, “I will never understand you Cas.”
Cas shrugged, a bad habit he’d picked up from Meg and realised that they probably couldn’t see him in the dark, “I don’t know. He asked to go to the safe house. I pulled the information from his head.”
The growl was not something he expected, nor was being hauled from his seat by his shirt. Cas was strong, like ridiculous strong and it pulled the air from his lungs in surprise. Holy fuck this was going to be awesome. They stood on the hard floor of the map room and Cas kissed him. Not rough and hard like he was expecting but a brief, tender touch of lips which forced fire down his throat into his cock.
Dean stood snuggling into Cas as Rowena left and Sam stared at them. After a few hours, Dean felt more like himself. Jack turned up with pie and Dean almost tackled him, he was starving.
“Do you really have to burn it?” Maxed asked, a whine leaking through his tough soldier exterior.
“Dean!” Sam yelled, “Dude, what the hell!”
“Wait, both of those things are within our ability,” he said confused, “Why were you so upset?”
Rowena looked everywhere but at the tall brother, “Well actually Samuel I would have to disagree.”
“Move,” Cas growled. Another high pitched whistle flew by. Shit. They shuffled on their stomachs through the undergrowth. Mud, stick's and bugs completed the full sensory experience that was the jungle, never again, he thought but id Dean ordered him, that's where he'd go.
Cas frowned, “I don’t know. I suppose it depends on why you were broken and bloody in my arms a few days ago.”
“No, there is something wrong with him. Ro, fix it!”
Sam stopped mid-rant and stared, “Yeah… can’t you… don’t you remember?”
“Cas!” Meg yelled as he fell to his knees on the dirt outside the bunker.
“Thank you, my friend.”
Sam took a switchblade out of his pocket and handed it to Dean. The cut was shallow but enough to demonstrate his point, seeing it was easier than explaining.
“Cas? What did he mean by Holy ground?” Max asked, following the white glow that Cas was creating. It lit the way down the dark steps making it easier to see.
The ruins were amazing. This was Max’ favourite part of being friends with Cas and was Cas’ favourite thing to give his history-buff friend. Apart from the instant healing and the teleporting, Max always raved about the places he got to visit. When they’re were doing something ‘celestially oriented’ as Max put it, they always saw something human usually wouldn't. Going to ancient places, seeing the history that people didn’t know existed was amazing to him. This place was Angkorian, it was ancient, like 802 AD ancient. Humans hadn’t stepped foot in this place in a very long time.
Cas glanced at her, “Take him home.”
“I don’t mean you any harm.”
Cas placed a hand on his friend's shoulder and blink them out. They grazed the pedestal and lifted the scroll then landed in a heap. They were an entire country over from where they had been. It was still jungle but they shouldn’t be traced this far out.
Cas frowned, confused, “So, what’s wrong?”
“Cas? You coming?” Meg’s voice called from the stairs.
The red-haired witch narrowed her eyes at him, “Samuel, you have to get to grips with this. Aye, it’ll take some adjusting but canna-ye see how in love they are?”
“Yeah, I thought about that. Maybe it’s like an emergency escape thing?”
“Meg, we need to go there more than ever,” Cas said.
Sitting there watching Meg dial made him tense. He didn’t get tense before, so he was guessing at the emotions coursing through his veins. Dean leaned in, his solid weight against Cas' shoulder released some of the tension. Cas had no idea how the next few days would play out but he knew one thing. That whatever his siblings were doing to the humans had to stop and it had to be him who stopped them.
“Right, the last time we were anywhere like this they ate you, Sarg. won’t be at all suspicious.”
“Okay,” he sighed, a smile playing on his lips, “We should go and check out the security, I haven’t been there in a long time.”
Sighing, Cas placed his unconscious charge on the cool ground and stepped away. The urge to pick him back up became overwhelming but he resisted. It took a minute but eventually, the door opened and a tall dishevelled man stepped out and a large gun aimed in Cas’ general direction. It probably couldn't stop him if he wanted to cause any real harm but he understood their need to feel secure.
“I understand Jo but I need to do this, they’re coming for him and I can’t stop it,” determination and something like regret filled the man's tone.
Dean needs a disguise, something that will fool them,” he used his calm voice, “Please Meg? We don’t have any other choice.”
“I thought it would be more… I dunno… exciting,” Sam moaned as he scratched moss from the tree with the toe of his boot. They had been sitting in the same spot for over an hour, watching the road that went in and out of their section. It was silent which was good for the hidden civilisation that they called home. Not good for a teenager looking for some excitement. Though no excitement was a very good thing, this needed to go smoothly. Their Mom was the leader and they needed to make a good impression.
“Cas, I’m not fighting with you again!”
Cas felt every word hit him right in the chest cavity and fell silent.
Meg sighed, “Right, the ex-friend you won't talk about. Anna the big boss.”
“Araton,” Cas replied.
“Sam… come on don’t be like that.”
"Partially," Sam replied.
Grinning, Dean slapped Cas’ arm, “That’s awesome Cas, just awesome. So let's find ourselves a witch.”
“Is this the witch spelling cupids?”
“You know that doesn’t matter to me.”
Silence and everything became calm until he slammed into the sidewalk. Pain, so much pain it almost pulled him under. Death was knocking at his mind trying to drag him away from the agony and he nearly let it but the light wouldn't let him.
“Sir?” Cas replied calmly.
Dean was sad that Cas left, like unusually sad. After a few minutes, he began to pace the length of the library with an ache behind his heart. Come on Dean, this is stupid he’s only gone to heaven. The pain in his chest disagreed with the reassurance. His pacing increased over thirty minutes, pain a solid presence like a ghost haunting him. Eventually, he sank into one of the low chairs in the library and grabbed the whiskey. It was like the worst break up in history. While his mind knew that something weird was happening his emotions pushed all logical thought away. In fact, it was so bad that when Sammy returned he walked right past him. Eventually, the smell of bacon filled the room and drew him reluctantly into the kitchen.
“Yes.”
Cas frowned, “Yes.”
“We’re walking?” Max asked incredulously.
Cas chuckled, “Smooth.”
Dean frowned at the internal struggle in his chest. There was no way he could take an Angel to the base, none, but the thought of leaving Castiel was strangely painful. “Maybe I’ll stay?” he said but wasn’t sure it was a good idea even as the words left his mouth.
“Yeah.”
“Then you won’t mind if I kill it and we can continue with why you are on sacred land without an authorisation?”
When he could catch his breath he frowned, “What was that?”
The kitchen was stocked for two, Sam and Ruby had been surviving on frozen essentials. Dean pointed to the high stools for them to sit as he raided the place for his ingredients. Cas paid little attention to food usually, only eating when Meg wanted to try a new restaurant but otherwise seeing no point to the extra expense or effort. Yet, the way Dean moved around the industrial-sized kitchen had him captivated. He watched as he placed the ingredients on the side and lit the grill, took note as Dean chopped onions, one of the only fresh ingredients, with care and skill.  He became absorbed in the micro-expressions on his face as he concentrated wholly on his task until Meg’s laughter broke his focus.
A dramatic sigh flowed over his shoulder in response, “Fine.”
“Was amazing.” Dean finished.
Dean waved dismissively as he walked away, next time he was leaving Sam at home.
They both stood at the same time and Cas replied, “Why where are you staying?”
“This place was the location of Eden.”
Considering the request took a moment but then Cas nodded and closed his eyes. A few minutes passed and Dean figured nothing was going to happen. Suddenly, chubby arms wrapped around him.
“Seriously Dude, you have to stop doing that.”
Dean groaned around Cas’ fingers as he came and a second later. Pure ecstasy cascaded through him as his dick twitched and pulsed cum over the sheets. Cas lay on top of him shuddering.
“Oh God, Dean,” Cas hissed as he bucked his slick load deep into Dean’s ass.
Mas froze, “Like, Adam and Eve?”
They glared at each other, Dean startled when Cas touched his shoulder. The warm fuzzies surged and made him happy in all his happy places. It was like drugs, like warm, safe, familiar drugs.
“Ah, which one?”
"You've lost your damn mind!"
Their world was divided in many ways but at the core was the Incubi and Succubi genes. The Incubi, like Cas, were more dominant, sometimes it was their whole personality, sometimes only their bedroom persona was affected. The traits didn’t always manifest strictly and could vary though one fact was always the same when it came to sex, Incubi were dominant. Succubi, like the half breed in his arms, were usually passive and they were happy in secondary rather than leading roles. Again it wasn’t absolute and it varied but one rule held when it came to sex Succubi were submissive in bed, always. When the two met it was like a scent or an aura, you always knew who was who.
“Lube?”
Cas right hand grazed up his thigh and then his waist and ribs. Then fingers moved to his shoulder, neck and brushed tenderly over his lips. Dean opened his mouth to suck Cas’ fingers. There were the same ones that had been buried in his ass earlier but the Angel had other plans. Cas pushed half of his hand into Dean's mouth, it literally stopped him from talking.
After fifteen minutes of care and silence, Cas whispered, “Are you okay?”
Cas laughed as they passed a small store, they should have a satellite phone. This is why Cas left Max in charge of recon and prep, he knew where the tech was in case something went wrong. Cas could speak every language on earth so when he spoke the local dialect the shopkeeper was very accommodating. Cas dilled Dean's private line and braced himself.
“He’s, I’m not sure how to say this Samuel- He’s being affected like the others I examined.”
Dean spun, “You know about that?”
“Because this place is heavily warded and I can't risk using my powers inside and being detected.”
Cas looked around as if considering it and then nodded. A second later they were in a different section of the jungle in front of a pile of ancient rubble.
“Are you alright?” Cas asked and Dean nodded. Good, now they needed to get back inside. It was a struggle but Meg supported them both, yey for Demon strength. Once inside and able to walk Dean made coffee and they all drank in silence. Cas mulled over the possibilities and the only one he could come to was horrible, a violation. So he chose to ignore it. Unfortunately, he had a very intuitive best friend.
Shuddering with his eyes closed Dean whispered, “Apple pie.”
“Son of a bitch!”
“Loyal and obedient soldiers,” Ruby added. “They were trying to find a way to erase their weaknesses.”
Cas, yeah Cas… he liked that. The angel tilted his head, fuck that was cute. Right, said the part of him that had been hunted his whole life, let just stop that right here but the rest of him wasn’t listening. The Angel was hot and an Incubus, high up on the scale, he could feel it, exactly Dean’s type. Oh, that sucked because god only knew it would take hell freezing over for his people to be okay with him and an Angel. Was he really considering that as a possibility? Shit, no. He took that thought and slammed the mental door closed tight then focused on the enemy, yes the enemy. ‘…but it’s Cas’ a small voice whined and he batted it aside.
The cupid stopped crying for a second and frowned, “Yes, that makes sense. Some of our brothers have gone missing recently. Could it be the same thing?”
While Dean turns his head this way and that, movement in the mirror pulls his eye enough to twist around in his chair.
“If you breathe a word,” Hunter threatens.
And then angry.
Dean moves behind his cart. “Okay, stalker. Why am I not calling the cops on you?” Besides the fact that it’s always more hassle than it’s worth.
Playing up the tenuousness of this arrangement, Dean walks back in.
A wave of cool air rushes in, the sheets falling back as Dean rears up. Kneeling, Dean grabs at Castiel’s hips, drags at Castiel’s hips. The moment Castiel supports himself, Dean half-collapses across his back. Perhaps it’s lethargy, perhaps it’s the closeness. Dean presses the wet, spongy head of his cock against Castiel’s hole. Dean fumbles, tracing that tiny circle, blindly being pulled back to the center as if drawn into the whirlpool of Castiel’s love for him.
Dean finishes his beer. “I’m grabbing another, you need one?”
Running full tilt, Dean drops his gun, pulls his knife, and slices his hand.
“Bet’s off,” Dean insists, but Sam’s already standing up.
Dean’s closing the apartment door behind him before he texts back an equally simple
Normal, weird Cas.
“Cas, it’s
“Yeah, I get that.”
“C’mon,” Dean urges.
“Not real,” Dean gasps out in the split second before Castiel claps a hand over his mouth. And his nose.
“Not from a box.”
“Your prince,” Castiel says. “I hope he deserves you.”
He’s calm.
Dean’s eyes widen. He scrambles to sit up and the trench coat lets him, just a coat. It falls down to his lap, piling against his stomach, over his soft dick.
Castiel looks down at the aching mess he’s left and smiles. He slips out of his trench coat and carefully, gently, lays it over Dean.
“I- There’s no reason to apologize,” Castiel replies, although the words sound suspiciously like a lie once said aloud. “He’s your grandfather, not mine. I was only worried how you were taking it.”
I don’t share well.”
Taping down the gauze, Castiel frowns. “I wouldn’t know. No one’s ever asked me out at work.”
“Take it,” Castiel urges, touching himself through Dean’s stretched cheek. “Do you feel me, Dean? Do you feel me deep enough?”
That’s too fucking bad. When Dean drops by the shelter, he writes down Sam’s phone number, hands it over, and tells the chick in question to put Sam (but mostly Dean) out of his misery.
Dean looks up. “Yes?”
Then, just because he can, he leisurely reaches out to tap Hunter’s shield with his blade.
“I’m not sure,” Castiel says. “This felt important.”
Castiel resumes eating his burger.
“Good boy,” Dean says, and Castiel shivers again. Shivers differently. “C’mon, touch the sides. Feel this.”
“Yes, Master!” He bares his neck while he’s at it, yelps as Jimmy twists both of his nipples at once.
“Yeah, but I eat like crap.”
Then, there’s an odd moment as Santa’s eyes widen.
Not knowing how to answer, Dean doesn’t.
In jerky motions, with hot, sweaty palms, Castiel pets Dean’s hips. “They’re very nice.”
Cas kisses Dean on the mouth.
“Do you like it?” Castiel repeats still holding Dean’s hand, his ring finger.
Faintly, Castiel smiles. He stops pinching and instead traces the abused skin with a fingertip. He lost his jacket somewhere, ditto the tie, and this is somehow still more perverse than his unrealistically massive cock.
“Oh, I’ve got plans.”
Castiel kisses him. Thoroughly. Desperately. With the kind of abandon a guy doesn’t normally see directly outside of his partner’s parents’ house, past the teenage years.
. Hardly enough to start sporting a chubby, but still palpably
“Yes, Castiel.”
The pink flouncy pair, with thick white ruffles padding the sides and a bow adorning the crotch.
Castiel looks down at the pouch in one hand and the row of testing vials in the other. Maybe that’s what’s unnerving Dean. “Of course. I’ll be right back.”
“Dean,” Castiel interrupts.
“I have another idea,“ Castiel replies. He looks around, and across the sparsely populated motel parking lot, no one else appears to be attempting to leave, or even awake at 6:43 am on a dark winter Saturday. A snowplow has already made a circle through the lot, however, and there’s a large ridge of packed snow that needs to be dealt with. He leans in toward Dean, nevertheless feeling the urge to speak secretively. It always makes Dean more attentive.
“I’ve already lost,” Castiel says, but willingly accompanies them. Going up the wooden stairs hurts, though. Gripping the railing with his right hand, Castiel has to haul himself up with each step. To his tired body, the staircase seems a better seat than many. He forces himself onward.
The dumbest grin takes over his face as he pets those layers. His ass, he knows is in good condition; Cas has repeatedly sworn to as much. But his
Dean distinctly specified so.
“Put the plate down and swallow your food.”
Dean stares.
“Are you feeling dizzy?” Castiel asks, keeping an eye on him even as he tends to the equipment.
“Ask for it,” Jimmy orders, and Dean readily begs his heart out. The mounting arousal wafting behind him, the almost uncontrolled bucking of hips against his ass, Jimmy’s arms gradually slipping around him to hold Dean so damn tight; Dean begs for all of it, and more.
Exhaling hard, Dean nods.
“I had...” Castiel swallows, looking absolutely parched. “My plans can wait. I’m sure yours are…”
Still, by the end of the short tussle, both of them are breathing hard. They leave the alpha on the ground, accepting the dropped weapon and her cry of yielding.
Finally, Cas pieces his words together. “If I’m the Dom in the scene,
. Only creeps do that.”
“Yes,” Dean agrees.
Castiel nuzzles strategically close, maneuvering his lips past the flimsy barrier of lace. He sucks and tugs and praises. He tucks Dean away just to draw him out once more, just to make Dean fall out twice more, just to see the disheveled mess that comes from hooking Dean’s leg over his shoulder.
Castiel pushes him down again.
He reaches into the inner pocket of his jacket and sees the exact moment Castiel realizes what Dean’s pulling out.
And then Cas eases back, separating the small amount the umbrella allows them.
Speed limit be damned, Dean presses the pedal down harder. Beside him, holding the phone, Sam asks, “How do we know the warehouse one is first, not the graveyard one?”
“And how do you want to play that?” Dean asks. “Unmated, mated?”
“This entire competition is a farce,” Gordon spits.
Hunter hands Castiel his helm back. “Look, buddy, maybe you haven’t noticed, but I’m not exactly fighting here to win an alpha mate.”
trust. You will lie in the medical tent for one hour. Or I will personally destroy your life.”
Castiel drapes himself across Dean’s back. Bites at Dean’s shoulder. Wraps an arm around Dean’s middle and a hand around his dick. Between the pressure inside him and the vibration buzzing into him, Dean’s lost. All he can do is clutch at the headboard and run at the mouth. How Castiel makes sense of the babbling filth, Dean will never know, but maybe it’s Dean’s body Castiel is listening to.
Dean crawls.
It’s just a copy. Even this Castiel.
Look at the rest of their party, already smaller than they began.
Neither Prince Samuel nor Hunter immediately reply. Everyone in their group shifts instead, forming a line to hold against Alistair’s growing group.
“Change what how?” Jack pipes up from the back.
“I can help,” the man says, and hefts out one of the many bags of cat treats.
“Fuck my hole, please fuck me, come in me, lube me up with jizz, put it in me, give me—Yes!” Dean shouts.
“Might be a weird question,” Dean muses as Castiel presses gauze against Dean’s first arm. “What’s your opinion on people asking each other out at work?”
“Okay,” Cas says, eyes fixed on the problem in the middle distance. “You’re right.” He presses a kiss to the corner of Dean’s mouth. “Thank you.”
For now, Dean simply deposits Jack into the high chair at the table, confirms that the kid isn’t going to flop out, and starts doing the dishes. He hears the shower turn on upstairs and steadfastly Does Not Think About anything the shower might imply. Namely, nudity and Cas, together. Because there’s being a horny piece of shit, and then there’s being a horny piece of shit while his best friend is grieving the alleged love of his fucking life.
Castiel drew the familiar guiding lines before switching to the other arm. “To an extent. He largely lives with his mother, but when she needs help, we both work our schedules around him.”
“Of course we’re ‘okay,’ we’re all queer,” Castiel interrupts, his voice harsher than intended. He pauses, clears his throat, and adds, “Next time you take a break, please inform Hannah that it’s for a
“I still approved the entire itinerary in advance.”
Castiel almost smiles at his phone, reading that.
Face buried against Dean’s shoulder, Cas cries and cries, worse than Dean has ever seen him.
“That’s not gonna matter,” Dean says, because his romantic endeavors, such as they are, are all fucked. Anyone perceptive enough to be worth Dean’s time is perceptive enough to see how weirdly guilty Dean gets, dating. Like he’s cheating even when he’s not cheating.
The space isn’t as small as he’d feared it might be, given the hundred contestants. There’s ample space to maneuver and split into further factions. How many are present to fight for themselves and how many are simply padding to alliances, Castiel can’t yet tell.
The thrusts are slow. At their deepest, they grind. Castiel’s hand drops from Dean’s dick to his balls, presses them back against the vibrator, presses the button on the side of the toy.
“Only if you want to. Oh, and your workout clothes are still in the clean hamper here, if you need something to change into.”
“You like it,” Castiel says, half a question.
Dean laughs. “Dude, you tying them over your crotch? Maybe not the best move.”
Dean blinks. “Seriously?”
Rocking against the force binding his wrists to floor, Dean cries out. His dick pulses hard, and keeps pulsing. Holding Dean’s head in place, forcing Dean to reveal himself, Castiel watches the shaking thrusts of Dean’s hips against nothing but the painful restraint of his jeans.
Eyes wide, bottom lip thoroughly bitten, Dean takes a look at Castiel for a moment. “You totally thought he’d died when I stopped coming in. Shit, man, I’m so sorry.”
“I’m your good boy.”
Dean’s reflexive gags make no difference. His instinctual struggles fail, and each failure only heats his face hotter, only fills his dick fuller. Wriggling for freedom or writhing for friction, there’s no distinction.
Holding his hands up, Benny backs off, retreating out of the set. The camera crew remain, though, and Dean has to keep petting Jimmy to stop the omega from growling at them too. Good thing they’re industry professionals, well-accustomed to having to zoom in from a distance when instinct flares up too brightly.
, so on, and they stop outside of a door that feels excessive to the situation.
“What, do you want to?” Dean asks, his heart abruptly galloping. “Cause if you want a wingman or, or something...”
is Baby.”
“Love it.”
“I don’t view our relationship as lesser simply because we’re not dating,” Castiel insists. “You’re my most important person. Therefore, whatever kind of relationship I have with you is my most important relationship.”
“She needed me, Dean,” Cas says. “You didn’t.”
But he is definitely, completely a
“Good. You’re my cockwarmer until I’m ready for bed. And no touching yourself.”
“Final four,” Hunter says, and turns to Castiel.
Jimmy doesn’t come out to do his side of things, though. Dean’s heard the guy was a bit of a diva like that, but it’s one thing to hear and another thing to see.
Castiel begins to grin back.
“Yeah,” Dean agrees, not at all sounding surprised. “I’m thinking my arm around your waist, we both get grabbed, and you try to grab back for my hand? Make an ‘H’?”
“Go to bed, dude,” Dean tells him. “Promise he’ll still be alive when you wake up.”
“Holy
“You are not sticking the iPod thing into my car.” Dean crosses his arms on the wobbly bar table, leaning into the shift. “No way in hell.”
“We’re in love now,” Castiel explains awkwardly.
“Oh.” With that, Castiel relaxes somewhat. Doubtlessly, Dean can feel it through Castiel’s hands on his arm, taping the gauze down and wrapping the bandage around it.
“When you were ordering your class ring,” Castiel explains. He pops the box and gets the ring on Dean. “I was going to- Your graduation party- I thought- Do you like it?”
It’s Bobby, a simple and surprisingly sentimental
That’s what now.
“Exactly.” Castiel goes ahead and smiles at him. “You’ll be my proxy and my executor, then?”
“Not like I’ve got a calibrated sensor in my ass cheeks or anything, but yeah, feels like it.”
Castiel screws up his face. Nods. Strangles the shit out of the ribbon in the effort not to touch himself. Dean hasn’t even told him not to.
“I don’t think I’d like wearing a plug,” Cas continues guessing. “I definitely don’t want an extender—I don’t see any point being inside you if I can’t feel you. I’d rather we get a dildo if you want something huge.”
Dean glances around the room, taking in Meg on the other side of the room and Hannah on the other side of the half-way, in the reception area. “Will do.”
“If I split your skin, I can’t fuck you as hard,” Castiel tells him.
With no further talk, they reach Prince Samuel and his sole remaining ally, and help them easily overwhelm a pair of alphas. Regardless, Prince Samuel’s companion is fading fast, with Prince Samuel little better off. Armor scratched and dented. Certain limbs favored over others.
In the morning, Dean brews a full pot of coffee, showers, and finishes breakfast before Cas can drag himself into the land of the living. With bleary eyes and a vacant expression, Cas trundles into the kitchenette, trodding on the hems of his pajama pants. Dean watches him out of the corner of his eyes.
Dean chuckles at that. “No way, man.”
“Need a breather?” Dean checks. He should probably check that more.
Nodding with the utmost seriousness at the Very Important Business of fingerfucking an alpha open, Jimmy begins. As much as Dean would love to watch the look on his omega’s face, the stretch is too immediately satisfying, and he has to put his head back down. Though Jimmy seems unaccustomed to both lube and the angle of doing this to someone else’s ass, this is someone who knows what he’s doing once inside.
“Love you too,” she says.
And for the first time—but certainly not the last—Dean sees his mate smile.
Castiel pauses.
“I thought Jack was seven? Eight?”
“I wanna keep going,” Dean answers. “Please. I’ve got more. Wanna tell you how good I am.”
“You are not dying first. I’m older.”
, Dean will stay in him for-fucking-ever.
“Felt like you were dropping a little last night,” Dean says, blunt the way Cas needs him to be.
The selfish part of Castiel brings out the blanket and shoves itself past the line, once more tucking the blanket in around Dean’s lower legs and around his torso. His own pulse races in his ears before he risks looking Dean in the eyes.
He hurts, and he hurts.
Somehow, they get out of the car, up several flights of stairs, and all the way into Castiel’s apartment without seeing anyone else. Castiel opens and closes the door for Dean, standing at attention. Dean takes his bag back.
“Also there,” Castiel agrees. “Gardening?”
When Cas is soft, Dean takes Cas’ dick.
, I want it, I want it so much-”
When Dean settles once more, Castiel continues his transition into fully lying down beneath the sheets. It takes several stops and starts, and each pause grants Castiel more time to observe Dean relaxing from tiny pieces of tension.
“Yeah.” Dean clears his throat. “I mean, not that we’re gonna be splitting up except for dying and crap, it’s just, y’know. The phrasing.”
The part of Dean that flushes and squirms, that part gets drowned out by the confirmation of reality itself. Good person, bad person; that isn’t tonight’s debate. Tonight, the question is
After again flailing around for something to say, Dean’s left with a bewildered “Do you like me now?”
Dean leans a little harder against the couch arm. “Uh. Then…?”
“Yes.” It’s an understatement, but the best he currently has.
reason,” Hunter grumbles, hard to hear with Prince Samuel between them.
“I’m gonna give you a little fashion show,” Dean tells him. “If you’re good, you get to pick which pair I’ll be in when you blow me after.”
When Jimmy’s eyes only narrow and the omega pointedly turns his attention toward Gabriel, Benny leans in to ask into Dean’s ear, “What’s the story with that one?”
“Today’s the day,” Dean explains, and that’s enough for both Benny and Garth to nod understandingly. Neither asks for details, and thus Dean survives another day without dying of embarrassment.
“Not tonight,” Dean makes a show of deciding. “Tonight would be your night.”
Cas’ lips are cold and rain-damp, but still so very soft.
“Thanks,” Dean says, jerking his hands back before Castiel can fully soothe the ache and cold in the muscles of his shoulders and back. “You know where the other shovel is. And
Very suspicious about it, Castiel sits back down.
At last, the list does end.
“What about burgers?”
“Also correct. Stay at home movie nights?”
Dean nods, veering around a pothole. Minutes later, he stops the car, and they head in, fast and quiet. The light inside the warehouse betrays their target, firelight gleaming off a blade while something foul-smelling crackles away.
That the second empty seat…
At last, Cas asks him, “How many did you order?”
“I dunno, man,” Dean says with half a shrug. “When I don’t need a funny sonovabitch who listens to my crap and tells me his crap while looking like a hospital gift shop teddy bear, I’ll let you know.”
Hunter’s shield.
Beyond the bend of the curtain, just barely visible, is the back of King John’s throne, and the empty seat for Prince Samuel.
Sighing, Castiel pulls it off.
“Yes,” he says anyway.
“Not currently, no,” Castiel answers, blinking like Dean’s the one coming up with wild questions. “I’d simply like to be prepared for the eventuality. As I know we’re going to be spending the rest of our lives together, you’re the obvious candidate.”
, dumbass.”
During those pauses, some of them break character more than others. Certainly, Michael and Adam don’t call each other “brother” with the camera off, but Hester’s scent slips from domineering to testy as the blocking continues.
Which, actually, yeah. Dean is.
. ‘Cause if I have to go through all the fuckery of thinking about you dying and shit, you don’t get to go and change your mind on me.”
“No anal,” Castiel replies truthfully.
He dives for it.
Castiel folds his coat and sets it atop the Impala’s roof, the spot already wiped relatively clear. Then, adjusting his internal temperature, he lies down on the mound of snow.
With stiff shoulders, Castiel responds with an uncomfortable shrug. He’s opened up this box by only ruling out anal, and he knows it.
“Shut up, bitch,” Dean says just a little bit too loudly in a parking lot, just as a mother with two little kids in tow pass behind him.
“If I were dying-”
As always, to see what else I'm working on, you can follow me on
Dean sees the blood.
“I’ve been in love with you for twelve years.”
Sam coughs again. “Can I borrow the car, or should Tammy and I take an Uber?”
“That’s all right,” Castiel says, and smiles. “So am I.”
Cas’ eyes immediately drop to Dean’s crotch with a look of intrigued hunger.
“Whatever you think, I’m winning this,” Hunter says, every inch a fighter. Face gleaming. Eyes shining. Sword bared. A vision of omega perfection Castiel had never considered until now.
“Suspiciously?”
Hackles immediately back up, Jimmy bares his teeth. As Jimmy turns his head to face Gabriel, Dean can see the skin of his neck, how it’s stiffened up over each of his scent glands, hard enough to take a bite with ease. Hands flat and possessive on Dean’s chest, Jimmy growls out, “He’s
“At...” Fuck. “At the...”
Dean stands from the couch.
“Then what am I doing-” Dean catches himself. He resets the question: “What’s making this not work?”
He counts out five rings before Cas finally, finally picks up.
“And you claim this omega—already manifested as an omega ten years ago or more—is yet unmated.”
This time, Castiel walks directly into the embrace. Their arms wrap around each other, one arm over the other’s shoulder. Their cheeks press together. Dean’s hands clasp behind Castiel’s back and they hold each other tight.
And blows the biggest raspberry he possibly can.
“Good boy,” Castiel says, and kisses him. Castiel pauses to drink as well, quick about it, messy about it, droplets running out of his mouth and wetting his shirt, already damp with sweat. Finally, Castiel ditches the shirt, but not before using it to wipe more sweat off Dean’s forehead and his own.
“I’ll be there soon Dean, I have to take care of a few things.”
They both glanced around the room and Dean took a moment to admire Cas as he cringed at the mess. Paying those people so much more than he needed too? Yeah, this guy was amazing.
“Dean,” Ruby interjected, “You were looking at him all soft, it was weird.”
Dean rolled his shoulders and tried to uncrush his ribs, “Couples that cupids are getting together are dying again.”
Dean nodded, “Yea, that's what we’re thinking. If the cupid dies would it undo the love mojo that you put on them?”
“Call signs?” Max asked and Cas nodded. “Safer.”
Cas frowned, “You don’t like humans Meg.”
The Angel was a high-level Incubus. Dean had expected it but not this high. Cas was top of the food chain dominant and by all that was holy, it was awesome. He instantly went into toy mode and nodded. That's what the high-level incubi wanted, a fuck toy. In the simplest terms, someone to do as they were told and Dean was at his happiest like that.
“Not this one.,” Dean said, “He’s… kind.”
Dean nodded, “Yeah, come on.”
“Dean!” Sam yelled stepping forwards and grabbing his gun.
“WE. We’ll stop them. You’re not alone feathers.”
“Dean, what are you-? Don’t you dare!” Sam growled.
"...and you're a Demon."
“Now how would you know, human?” A deep and melodious voice whispered from behind them.
“That’s how I escaped… I felt you like a homing beacon. I just thought about escape and then vanished.”
“They have been affected by the cupid killings. They cupid was abducted, we found and freed him, killing the witch but there was some damage. They should resume their normal balance shortly and their soulmate status will stabilise.”
“Pick up in three hours,” he growled, “And Cas? Do not move.”
Sam stood, “He’s an angel, they’re unfeeling monsters, it doesn’t need you to be nice. It doesn’t feel anything.”
“You ate it without even looking, feathers!” Meg jibed.
“I’m sorry, I just wanted to protect you. And, yeah, these emotions are going to be difficult for a while.”
“Naomi, your human is healed for transport. What do you want with it?”
“Got it in one, feathers, they can get past all the security, fake the way they look but the inner sanctum is protected-”
Dean watched as Cas reached out and held his hand just above Deans bare chest and said, “I feel it settling now. I think our intimacy released more than just your memories, it let me feel the wall she placed in my mind and between us so I wouldn’t feel you. When the essence was injected she underestimated your will to escape and my power.”
Both Dean and Meg broke into a fit of laughter, pointing at his empty plate which was littered with bread crumbs and sesame seeds from the burger buns. Glancing back at them only made their hysterics worse.
“You know where home is Dean if you change your mind.”
Cas rolled his eyes, “You know, you’re so ungrateful, human.”
Frowning, Cas moved to sit across from her, “It’s more of a vague idea than a plan.”
Frowning, Cas glanced at him, “A millennium… more.”
Sometime during their conversation Cas’ fingers had become settled on Dean’s thigh, touching him was comforting and something tight in his chest released.
The call was brief and twenty heartbreaking minutes later Rowena was poking and prodding Dean’s aura.
“Torn how?”
Sam sat on a fallen tree swinging his long legs back and forth. Rain fell from the makeshift shelter they had created from branches. A thunderous midday sky growled at them and Dean grimaced, why couldn’t they have started this on a warm summer day?
Cas nodded but his expression was wary.
“Right,” Max said with false bravado, “…you can be that fast?”
Humans could be so pleasant when they were sleeping but not Dean. No, he had horrible nightmares that were relentless. It was understandable of course, the half breed had been tortured by Cas’ kind. He had lost time and woke up tainted with grace, it was a trauma that would take time to process. Cas embraced him to stop them and as soon as his arms touched Dean he began to settle. There was a childlike softness to the human as he settled into Cas’ embrace. Peacefulness fell over him, something he hadn’t felt since being in heaven itself. Whenever Dean twitched, Cas had to stroke him back to peace and he vowed that he would kill them all for harming this one human. For a long time, he’d ignored the atrocities of his family but for this one human, he would burn their evil empire to the ground and smile while it happened.
A sarcastic angel, who knew? It had his cock throbbing in his pants. A warning voice sounded but Dean pushed it away. He’d nearly died, he knew it, hell he still could, so fuck reason, fuck caution, just fuck. Taking the tie between his fingers, he rubbed it gently. Cas watched him like it was the most fascinating thing in the world. Succubae were the ones who usually initiated sex, so Dean was working inside what was expected of him. Cas watched and waited for more and Dean knew he would. It was a ritual between the two halves. Dean was dominant in life but this is where it changed. In this, he was happy to embrace, offering himself to whomever he liked. Once past this moment, he was all sub.
“Why would you do that?” Sam asked, “Mom has been a mess since they took you, she’ll be pissed, Dean.”
“I hate the mess.” Cas added, “It’s always the worst part.”
“Food!”
It was the ‘in his arm’s’ part that did it. Dean had the urge to close the space between them. It was so strong he had to physically stop himself. It was hard… yes, even that.
“So, you have a plan?” She asked slumping into a hard-backed chair.
“Shit…” Max hissed, “Where’s the radio?”
The perfect angel of a man picked up his black leather case from the bed and lowered it to the floor, “I’ll send for the rest of my stuff. I won't hide for you, I won't hide for anyone. I’m sorry, I love you.”
Cas saw him shake off the need for an angel he’d only met days ago, recompose and walk to his room.
“Damn bites…” Max cursed as he dragged himself across the wet ground. The hole was protection but it would be their grave if they stayed.
What happened next was unexpected. Cas disappeared but returned in a second with a towel. He placed it to one side and then pulled the dry side of the sheet over Dean. Tears filled his eyes as Cas’ hand stroked his arm and then down his thigh and back up his ass. Long fingers slid up his crack and dipped into the cum leaking from his hole. The feel of Cas’ fingertips pushing into his gaping opening and playing with the cum was insanely hot. It caused a whimper to force it’s way past his lips.
“How?” he gasped.
“Dean?” Cas whispered from the dark side of the room.
“Ha, you know, that would be a fitting punishment for getting my black ass into the mess in the first place!”
“What?” Meg asked.
“Wow…that-”
“Yeah, like being put through a strainer, wonderful.”
Dean watched them while he sipped his coffee, nursing the drink as if it was the only solid thing in the world.
“This is killing you isn’t it?” Cas asked.
Cas turned and grinned wide, “What?”
“Just ask her out.”
Dean scowled, “Sam!”
Dean found his brothers grey eyes and nodded, so the spell had brought out the feelings but they were his. Sammy’s reaction had been one reason he’d been so in denial about it.
Cas ran his fingers over the man’s face, smearing the blood on his hands and his human vessel reacted almost violently. Lust swimming through his core, boiling his blood. Cas touched people all day and he’d ever experienced anything quite like this.
The tree they used as a bathroom wasn’t far and he could still see their camouflaged shelter. The field was surrounded on three sides by more fields. In summer it was beautiful but right now it was a dull brown soggy mess. The side they camped on was forest and the road cut through the centre adding a little excitement to the endlessness of the fields. It was nice out here usually and unlike most of his peers, Dean had never longed for the excitement of the city. There were too many people in the city, too many unknown variables. Lost in his thoughts, Dean missed the flash of dark green. It moved faster than human, even if he had been watching for it, he’d probably have missed it. It moved like lightning from the dead foliage of the open field to their safe place.
The party ended as it began with a slow trickle of people. Dean wandered around the banquet hall with a sad smile. Catching the shine of his lapel in the door reflection he brushed silver glitter onto the floor. An enormous Georgian picture window drew his gaze and staring at the clear winter sky he sighed heavily. It was a perfect moment… well almost.
“Did you just compare an Angel of the lord, an ancient and complex wave of celestial intent, to a bird?” Cas glared, eyebrow raised.
“You gave them your grace?” Meg hissed. Their grace was their power, their lifeblood. Even Meg understood what a violation it was for someone to use it without the owner's permission.
Tilting his head Cas replied, “Home?”
Cas explained to Dean the things they would need then asked, “Do you think you would know where in the building you were? It would help if we knew where being held.”
“You need to use my call sign, what is wrong with you today?” he said rubbing his arms as if cold.
Dean moved out from under Cas’ loving gaze, straightened and said, “Get stronger, get prepared and go back in.”
“Damn it, how will you even find his house? Or the safe house or whatever.”
“After the fall, you know what it was like. Chaos. Demons, Witches, Angels and humans all fighting for supremacy but eventually the humans took sides. ”
“Castiel?” A pale red-headed angel smirked, he wore skin-tight white jeans and blue shirt and was so thin that the shirt looked almost child-sized.
Cas was anxious and excited. Max had been right, he did love makeup sex. Annoyingly they had to fight first and he hated fighting with Dean but it had its perks. They strapped in and it was loud as they lifted, holding on for dear life.  Rose through the sky and towards the nearest military base as the sun set on the horizon, it was time to go home.
Words echoed around Cas’ mind hauntingly. Dean remembered and now so did Cas. They sat in Dean’s room with Cas perched on the bed as Dean recounted memories that had been revealed to him in his sleep. There were so many questions but the one bothering him the most was how? How had he been missing memories? Then just like that it hit him, Naomi, she had done this and he could feel it was true. He had been there when Dean was admitted to his hospital. He had received the chatter that he was a halfbreed, unsure why it was so important but knowing they were coming for him and ashamedly not wanting to know. He knew something was missing from Dean’s account and scowed through his mind for the blank spot. Now he knew something was missing he could find it.
It took several minutes for the laughter to fade, to find his composure and Meg slowly got angrier with every passing minute but finally, he could breathe.
"Sam, stop," Dean said flatly as his brother glared.
Cas watched the canopy as the attack was called in and Max was brief so as not to draw more attention to their location. “That was close. They’re sending in air support but we have to get out of this hole.” Max grabbed his shoulder, “Uri?”
Meg gazed around taking in the space with a curious mind, “Who?”
Sam rounded on her, “It’s weird, make it stop.”
Meg stared at him like he’d lost his mind, “Since when did you get suicidal?”
If Cas could have blushed he would have but instead, he narrowed his eyes and snapped, “And?”
“Cool, okay, cool.”
“You have no right to stop me Castiel!” The stocky brunette yelled at his opponent as he gained ground. They were moving further away from Sam’s prone form so Dean took the opportunity and ran for him. Metal clanged against metal, the damp air smelt charged with tension as if a spark would set it off any moment.
Cas smiled, knowing that she knew. It made him happy that his sudden foray into human emotion hadn’t affected their friendship.
“Right, what are we doing?” Max asked, immediately on board with whatever it was. Cas missed him like this. Maybe he could leave it like this for a while? His brothers had backed off, it’d been a year since they’d checked in...maybe.
“What does it say anyway?”
It felt like his insides were being pushed aside in the best way and he happily stopped talking. Cas moved out a little and then back in, this time it was one smooth move and Dean cried his name. The pain shook him but pleasure overrode it as Cas bottomed out. He had no idea how big the Angel was but he’d never felt so full in his life. Oh god, it was good.
The angel stood and paced the room, “Explain.”
Sam’s eyes went wide, “Their what?”
“Cas, some of us need to breathe air and I can’t imagine there’s an abundance of it down here…”
“I don’t know but don't do it again.”
Cas’ gaze found his hand which suddenly became rather interesting as he replied, “No. I don’t whine.”
“Cas!” Dean yelled and then quickly composed himself. So many things had changed for him in such a short space of time, Cas knew he was having difficulty adjusting.
“Cas?”
“No, I said we’d be detected.”
“We will be, detected. So, we go over, grab it and leave.”
Cas’ soft chuckle filled the tight space of the Cab, “You know, I don’t actually have any plans today… so if you’re willing to have me…?”
Cas tilted his head, “On Valentine's day?”
"Fine. I’ll tell Mom you’re alive but not for long because they brainwashed you and now you've decided on a suicide mission. I’m going home.”
That piqued Dean’s interest, “What?”
“They have The Trogo Dagger.”
“Well, we know what we need,” said Meg, “Charlie just messaged to say she has everything and it's down to us now.”
Cas spread his wings slowly in anticipation of pain but nothing happened except the pop of air moving around him as he disappeared. He landed in a cornfield outside of the bunker less than a mile away with the cool breeze slapping against his skin. As he spread them to return the field began to blur.
“Rummaged through your brain for the location and then brought you home. That was three days ago and it won't leave.”
Cas raised an eyebrow, “One day you’ll say something and that’ll be it…”
“Cas… you can’t get involved with this.” She hissed, “Whatever it is, it’s bad. You don’t know what he is… what you’re getting into.”
“You are in way over your head my friend, ”Meg’s words pulled his attention back to her. Watching Dean walk away took his entire thought process, which was dangerous.
Shrugging at the comment, he checked his pack, “Er Cas?”
“Cas…,” Max started.
Cas nodded and Dean grabbed his hand and pulled the shorter man to his suite. The walk was broken by minutes lost slammed against walls. The stumbled around groping and kissing every inch of bare skin and some they made bare. Hotel patron's stared and took pictures of the famous rock star kissing a billionaire but Dean couldn’t have cared any less about other people, or the world, nothing existed but Cas. They fell onto his bed in a tangle of limbs; Cas tore at the buttons with a growl and bit Dean’s lower lip. Fuck his cock was hard. Dean fumbled with Cas’ buttons on his jeans but managed to eventually get them open. They were both shaking and sweaty by the time their clothes were heaped on the expensive carpet. Cas was on top of him kissing down his solid chest, the licks, teeth and kisses had every nerve standing on end. Dean groaned as the tips of Cas’ fingers teased his tight bud.
Wherever
(Except substituting "angel" for "action figure.")
him to go home and get some rest.
This chapter took a lot longer to type than I intended, but this is how I always intended it to go, so hopefully you guys like it. C:
claiming you know where Cas is, and - "
He suddenly feels very exposed, more exposed than he has in a long time. Dean snaps his jaw shut, staring at Charlie, who stares right back at him with defiance in her eyes, clearly not backing down on this. He leans slowly back in his chair, his fingers tight around the empty shot glass in his hand, so tight that his bruised knuckles are practically white.
He hates Benny for staying behind, for being too
of people down there - "
Charlie wonders if his father was one of
"So, um."
"But where other things were pretty messed up..." She shrugs. "I always knew who I was, you know? And it was really easy to see that, because it was the one constant I had in my life. I always knew I liked chicks, but I never told any of my foster parents, because I didn't want them to kick me out. Some of them were pretty, uh...yeah, well, let's just say they wouldn't have liked me."
"Dean," Sam repeats. "Benny made his choice. Okay?
Cas looks frustrated, and Charlie remembers, yet again, that this is
"I love you," says Cas.
I know you're all probably waiting for Cas to finally show up - and here he is (sort of)! Thanks for being so patient with me, guys, this is my first attempt at writing a full-length, long fic and so I'm sorta winging it here.
The very
coming from the monitor above Cas's bed. Dean looks at him, his eyes tracing over the familiar face, the eyes that are now closed, and he wonders if this is what it feels like to die without really dying.
Like Dean
He reminds her slightly of the parakeet she used to have when she was a kid, and this amuses her too much, so she gives a little cough to dispel any indication of amusement, clearing her throat.
"Sam."
To his credit, Cas looks just as tired as Dean feels. There are dark circles beneath his eyes (which are still that same shade of astonishing, impossible blue), and lines on the face of his vessel that weren't there before. And he's leaning against the counter top behind him, as though it's too much effort to stand, the dark stone angel tablet held tightly in his hands, which look careworn and rough. There is also blood on the side of his neck, faded dark red, like it's been there for a while and he just hasn't cleaned it off yet.
happen?"
sure, and of which she is now very curious.
"Balthazar."
"No," says Dean, because he's hurting, because he's already lost Cas so many times it's not even funny anymore, but this - this can't be happening.
response to almost everything that has happened.
"Well, it's just that, you know, I've dealt with things that have tried to eat me (gross, by the way, just
"You're right," he says again, and looks away, down at the papers scattered across the table (several of which have tiny spots of brown on them now,
them, they're
He'll do it if he has to. He'll push forward, hold his chin upright, march onward. Do his duty, because he is Dean Winchester. He is John Winchester's son. He is a soldier, and moving on, moving forward, is what he does.
because there is no way they are even getting out of this alive, what were they
The biggest thing Dean notices, however, is the fact that Cas is no longer wearing his trademark trenchcoat. He's wearing a trenchcoat, all right, but it isn't tan.
he thinks, because they only have so much time.
Dean decides that he hates everything because hating everything is easier and when you hate everything nothing hurts because it all feels the same.
Charlie nearly chokes on her sandwich. Cas's head moves slowly towards where Dean stands, leaning over with his hands on the table, and when she looks down, Charlie can see that he's clenching his fists so tightly his knuckles are white.
Cas takes a step back.
Balthazar is leaning over a body - a body Dean doesn't want to go near, because he can't look at him, can't bring himself to face the obvious fact, but he does it anyway, forcing his feet to move, forcing himself to make the short trip over, breach the distance between himself and Balthazar.
Sam is looking sympathetic. "We'll figure this out," he tells Charlie bracingly, and she gives him a weak smile. He tells her a few more consoling things, but Dean's mind is far away, still stuck in the place it's been for days now, back inside that dark and dusty room inside the crypt, back looking at someone with bright blue eyes, so blue he could drown in them, and he almost feels as though he is drowning because nothing has gone right, nothing is the way it should be, and everything is just so freaking messed up right now -
She misses Moondoor.
"We need him," says Cas, surprising pretty much everybody. Dean glowers.
did not want any of the God Squad getting in on their turf, that's for damn sure), and one by one he's gone through them, first photographing them and then carefully spraying a single black line of spray paint over them, disintigrating the protection they hold. It's his little pet project for the day, and so far it's managed to take his mind off of other
Cas is shaking his head. "I didn't know it at the time, that you were the only one. When I touched the tablet the first time, in that crypt, I just had this...overwhelming feeling - this...
who could smite those freaking terrifying, human-eating things.
Charlie isn't buying any of his shit today. Maybe that's why he likes her so much.
lately! Maybe because I've been trying to find our little lost prophet because he up and went cuckoo on us and disappeared to who
"Jeez!"
that feeling this way about another man is
"The doctor's still aren't certain what's causing the coma," Charlie tells him, when she comes to visit from her own room, a floor above. She looks loads better than she did when they first came, even if she's dragging an IV cart around with her and she's got two broken ribs and a concussion, as well as a fractured wrist. "They stopped the internal bleeding, but they're confused because he doesn't have a head wound."
Naomi says.
She wonders briefly if they’re, you know, a
And this is it! The end of this particular story of mine (or is it?)! Thank you all so much for sticking around to read it and for being so patient with me! I really appreciate your comments and just stopping by, so thank you thank you so much! I hope to see you guys again! <33
While Balthazar lowers the flames, Charlie stirs feebly, and Dean leans over her, touching her cheek. Her eyes flutter open, and she looks up at him blearily.
), to Samandriel, who is always sweet. Gabriel even pops in every now and then, but his visits are usually chaotic and filled with booze and unexpected female guests (not that Charlie's complaining).
"So," says Dean. "Have you done anything about, you know..." He waves a hand, then sticks both of them in his pockets. "Closing the Gates of Heaven?"
be dead, he can't, because that's not fair, because Dean has lived his entire life with regrets and he can't let Cas die without making up with him -
Dean is suddenly wide awake, more awake than what he's been claiming to be for days. He drops his hand from his face and stares blankly at the archangel, who is very clearly enjoying holding the upper hand in all of this.
don't have comas, Dean."
And then he's gone, and Balthazar winks and disappears and then it's just Charlie, Dean and Cas, and she stands there awkwardly, feeling minutely like a third wheel somehow, but then Cas says, "I'd like to speak with Charlie," and Dean starts and -
He’s not what she expected.
that I was to protect it, that I was to take it away from Naomi...and from you. It was only after I found Metatron and got him to translate that I fully understood the meaning of just what your connection to this tablet was."
actually the safest place for her, all things considered. I mean, the place is warded against practically everything, and she could be like our - "
Sam seems resigned, weary. There are lines beneath his eyes that weren't there before, dark circles that show he hasn't been sleeping nearly as well or as much as he says he has. His face is paler too, and sometimes it seems he has a harder time carrying himself. The Trials are taking their toll on his little brother, Dean knows, but he also knows giving up before the end is useless - even if he can no longer see the end.
There's a long, drawn out silence that rings so loudly it's almost painful.
"SAM!" Dean yells, but the fire is so loud, and the rolling black smoke is already thick -
"Dean - " Cas starts, but the levy is already breaking,
"Please," says Naomi. "You think I'd kill a
There's no time for reunions. Something heavy and hard hits Dean's side like a freight train and he's down on the ground with a demon above him, a fist slamming into his face, and then there are hands around his neck, and he can't seem to breathe, and no, this isn't how it's supposed to go down, he's not supposed to get his ass kicked so early in the game -
Dean's throat feels as though he's been swallowing sawdust as he says, "Yeah. It was Cas."
"He, uh..." He feels defeated. "He left. I don't know where he is."
, these raw emotions, these unanswered questions. But maybe talking about it will make it easier, though he doubts it. He almost told Sam, when Sam had asked
For a brief moment he had almost allowed himself to just give in and say everything, but the moment had broken too soon and Sam had gotten out and Dean was left to crack jokes, make light of the situation.
"Good morning, Dean."
They take time, they take energy, they take - "
"Sounds kinky."
He gestures to the angels currently present. " - can handle Naomi. We've got a few other bitches to call too."
thinks Charlie. Out loud, she says, in a voice a much higher octave than her normal, "Erm. What do you mean?"
"Come on, Cas!" Dean says, and takes a step forward. "Kevin's gone AWOL on us, Sam's
"Dean,
That's what he'll fight for, Dean decides, as he looks at Sam. He'll fight for Sam, because in spite of the fact that Sam didn't look for him while he was in Purgatory, Sam hasn't left him since they've gotten back (even though they've had their differences, and Dean pulled that douchebag move of pretending to be Amelia). Not like other people, not like Benny and Cas, who his heart aches for, even though he tries to push it away from him, tries to shove down those extraneous emotions.
"...I'm fine," Dean says again, after a moment, and Charlie gives him a Look that clearly indicates she knows he's
And then of course, there's Cas.
"Cassie," Balthazar starts, but Cas shakes his head. His hands are holding the tablet,  and he takes a step backwards, away from the table, away from Dean.
Charlie reaches out, and her fingers find his wrist, squeezing it.
Cas opens his mouth like he's about to say something and then closes it. Dean's scowl grows more pronounced, and so does his anger. How can he just stand there like the past month
"Yeah," says Dean. "Yeah. He took it and left."
"Maybe in Australia."
They're doing a dance.
Charlie decides that maybe her life isn't so bad, when you think about it.
Dean groans out, exaggerated but sincere. “So much better than alpha cock, fuck, you’ve got no idea.”
A desperate noise writhes its way out of Castiel’s throat.
Cas sits on that unmade bed, and he pulls Dean down to sit next to him.
On the mouth.
Though pressed against the side of a pillow, Castiel’s smile remains. As Dean nears completion, Castiel nears his favorite part of this arrangement.
Castiel increases the pace. The pressure.
The absolute certainty that Dean is his.
“Could we do a scene this week? Like maybe Friday?”
His desperate, gasping, dying body and his heart: they finally feel the exact same thing.
Pitching forward, chubbing up against the counter, Dean groans. He wriggles his ass. “Not gonna tell you,” he goads in a sing-song.
And then that instant is gone, washed away in the renewed cheers and shouts of the crowd. The entire arena calls to their new champion: a triumphant omega with sword raised high.
“Is he being sarcastic?” Hester asks.
“Even when I blow you?” Castiel asks, his voice half hope, half dread, all rasping want.
“With
That gets Dean a hard dick back against his face, softened by a thin cushion of slick fabric. Dean inhales deep and long. The fingers in his hair stroke him down.
“What else?”
They’ve had enough drunken and morbid conversations over the years for Dean to know that one. “You mean, brain dead.”
Dean closes his eyes and mentally hits himself as hard as he can.
Don't worry, everybody, the second part is already underway (and is already longer than this bad boy). It's going through a lot of growing pains and revisions, though, so please be patient.
“Anymore than I already have, I mean,” Castiel amends wryly. “Still good?”
Hannah goes back to fussing over Jimmy’s hair, but Dean fends for himself. Synthetic eau d’omega touch-ups applied here, here, and there. He sprays some down the back of his shirt collar for good measure, not about to ask Hannah to do it for him. Then, hair combed like this, sprayed with that, combed again, ruffle with the hand, combed up on just the front.
Head tilted, Castiel stares.
It’s horribly uncommon. It’s a level of generosity I hardly see from most of humanity. Some people use the time to watch movies without feeling guilty, or even to nap. There’s nothing wrong with wanting to listen to your music for a few hours undisturbed.”
Look back to Balthazar, who is already nodding.
Sam coughs Awkwardly.
“I mean, if that’s okay with you,” Dean adds, squeezing thick muscle. The heat pressing at the side of his hand hints at the answer.
Castiel nods, clicking the correct appointment on his laptop screen. “This is your first time donating platelets, is that correct?”
Castiel nods rapidly. “Yes, Dean. Please, Dean.”
“Yeah?” Dean says, starting to grin.
Slow enough not to startle or leave Dean ungrounded, Castiel relinquishes his grip on Dean’s hair. Telegraphing his movements by shifting his weight first, Castiel steps back.
“Then don’t,” Kelly answers. “It’s all options.”
Sees the spill.
A tickle reaches his nose. A heavy weight taps against Dean’s chin.
“Yes,” Cas says. “Your panties excluded, of course.” He lays his head back down on Dean’s shoulder, kissing Dean’s clavicle en route.
Slowly.
“Nope, Dean Winchester, January twenty-fourth.”
“I’m good with bruises.”
And tastes of mac n’ cheese and tears.
“My ass is prepped,” Dean points out, trying not to take his mate’s disappointment to heart.
“I don’t like being spanked,” Castiel reminds him. “I like...” He touches his cheek.
Eyes wide, Dean slowly nods. He swallows. He coughs. He grabs his beer and, remarkably, does not run. “Okay, uh. Okay. Shoot.”
“Yes.”
They reach the wall and draw inward, crushing a group of eight alphas between Prince Samuel’s party and their own. One of the members of the raiding party, one of the twins, he slumps against the wall, and so the party remains in place despite Captain Talley’s commands to the contrary.
Dean is not, never has been, and never will be a cat person.
There’s a thirty-five minute check where Cas lifts up the little he can, and it has Dean growling low in the back of his throat. He squeezes hard on Cas’ thighs, shoving him back down once they’ve passed the check, and Cas nods down at him approvingly. The joyous reciprocation of their nest at home stays at home, and fuck if Dean doesn’t miss it more by the moment.
They pause.
Dean shrugs a little, but still looks pleased. Castiel tapes him up, same as before, and sends him on his way.
Dean was only ever there for three hours each fortnight. Meg and Hannah, however…
Sighing, Castiel puts his plate back on the coffee table to better lean in toward Dean, their knees pressed together on the couch. “Dean, I would just like you to confirm whether we’ll be spending the rest of our lives together or not.”
Eyes positively alight, Dean grins back.
The part of Dean that’s almost certain this will go well, that part keeps his mouth shut.
That very much chokes off the laughter, but Jimmy doesn’t leave Dean wondering for longer than that instant. Jimmy’s hand moves from Dean’s hair to the base of his neck, pressing down over Dean’s scent glands. “
“This isn’t a spell, it’s two spells,” Castiel reports over the phone, his voice piping out into the Impala on speaker. “When the first is complete, they’ll have the materials to complete the second. Get to the warehouse,
Hannah shakes their head. “He called this morning to cancel his appointment.”
They doze. They wake. Regretfully, Cas sits up, squinting against the lights they’d left on.
“It already hates me,” Cas groans.
“I can be very hot,” Castiel replies, already slipping out of his trench coat, and Dean pulls back so abruptly, he nearly slips.
“You gotta leave,” Dean orders, dragging himself back up to standing, applying pressure to his cut palm. “Sam, seriously, take the guy, get out of here-”
“Oh, and Dean?”
No matter how many times Castiel reminds Dean of this, Dean refuses to agree. Dean says things like “The hell you don’t” and “Sure thing, pal” and “Jesus Christ, Cas, I told you to stop watching me sleep!”
Not on Dean in the fucking way, the heavy weight of Castiel’s entire body pounding against him.
Specifically, about arms around his waist. About Cas’ forehead pressed to the crook of his neck, hair still damp and aromatic with shampoo. About Cas’ hands gripping his own pajama sleeves, set against Dean’s stomach.
“Fried pickle burger with fries. Also medium rare.”
“Continue,” Castiel orders.
Dean coughs. “Uh, yeah.” He shuffles around and slips on the abruptly spotless underwear and jeans under the cover of the trench coat. Taking it off is harder than expected, but only emotionally.
It’s not real, and it can’t break him.
Touching Dean’s forehead, Cas sends another healing wave through him anyway. “You know I don’t like seeing you in pain, Dean.”
“It’s not a sex toy. That’s all I’m saying.”
Somewhat over an hour later, Castiel is in the midst of processing a first time blood donor when he emerges from the side room and sees Meg unhooking Dean. “Hey, switch with me,” she calls over.
Looking at Castiel somewhat furtively, Dean asks, “So like… If we were both there, watching porn, jerking it… That’d work?”
“I will,” Castiel promises. He closes his eyes, and only then does Dean shuffle away to resume shoveling out the Impala.
“Now, now, slow down, lovebirds,” Gabriel chides once the tiny lighting crew has given their blessing. “Save the action for when the cameras are rolling.” He winks hugely.
Castiel does not. “Do you mind the scrubs?” he asks, walking Dean toward the canteen instead of properly taking care of the equipment first. It can keep for a short while, though.
doesn’t,
His own feet secured to the spot, Castiel catches Dean before he hits the ground. Dean grabs on in return, hands clutching freezing fabric. His face knocks against Castiel’s chest as his feet scrape across the ice.
At that, Jimmy dismounts him fully. He doesn’t rise, though, his legs clearly too fucked up by his extended time kneeling, so Dean lends a hand, literally. He covers Jimmy’s hand with his own, still clenched in Dean’s hair, and in the guise of being yanked up, Dean muscles Jimmy up to standing as well, before promptly throwing himself against the wall. He cries out all the way through, feigning a real tug and overwhelming manhandling.
Castiel nods.
Face and chest burning, Dean looks at him.
Eyes locked onto Dean’s at an uncomfortably close range, Cas nods slowly. “Then what’s Sam doing?”
And then Castiel too runs.
“I told you to suck me,” Castiel growls. He pulls out his thumb to shove in two fingers instead, longer and deeper, twice as thick. Dean chokes anew. His head spins. His dick hardens. His vision takes on flecks of light, sparks of darkness as he hyperventilates.
The corner of his mouth pulling to the side, Castiel climbs on top of him. He presses his knee up between Dean’s legs, tight against Dean’s balls, and lets Dean’s dick fall against his thick thigh. Castiel leans over, takes the glass with the bendy straw in it, and has Dean drink. Castiel flexes his thigh. Dean sucks the straw like he would Castiel’s cock. He swallows the way he will when Castiel makes him, when Castiel wants him to.
“Is that how it works?”
Despite the buzz of Dean’s nerves and the urgency racing through his veins, Cas takes his time responding. Dean paces around his apartment, storing away the few dishes on the drying rack, tearing open those bills.
“Awesome,” Dean says into the silence of the set, the only noises that of the humming lights and the continuing squish and strain of Jimmy pleasuring himself on Dean’s knot.
“That’s it,” Castiel praises, voice low and thick and deep. He strokes both sides of Dean’s face, soothes the burning ache of his jaw. “Open your eyes, Dean.”
“Ah,” Castiel says. “My mistake.”
“Are you fucking shitting me?” Dean asks.
And Castiel close behind, his pounding footsteps hopefully drowned out by the crowd.
Frowning into the middle distance behind Castiel’s chest, Dean starts gesturing to himself, pointing his index fingers as if following a mental chart. “Okay, so. So. They want sex. You get them off. They want to get you off, you say no, and they get guilty.”
When Castiel walks into the bar and grille, the scrubs attract a lot of looks, even partially obscured by his trench coat. Against a baby blue backdrop, Snoopy flies his doghouse as the Red Baron, which may account for some of those looks lasting an excessive length.
“Who are you, Dean?” Castiel demands, rubbing his hard-on against Dean’s cheek.
“Why?”
Jack’s attention is immediately snagged by the spinning mobile, so it’s a different stare that Dean feels on him. Dean stays where he is, refusing to turn around to the sound of Cas continuing to eat mac n’ cheese in pajamas.
“Up front,” Castiel agrees. It puts him on the side of their group away from Prince Samuel and Hunter, puts him facing enemies, his own body forming the border between enemy and ally. It also allows him to see Alistair diagonally across the arena, the alpha’s tall helmet purposefully unmistakable. Given that the arena is a rectangle, it does put Alistair and Prince Samuel’s group nearly as far apart as possible.
, remember?”
“It would,” Castiel agrees easily.
“All right. Let me know if you change your mind. Or any of my colleagues.”
“Castiel.”
Jack scolded, Kelly returns to the kitchen to check on the green bean casserole and meatloaf. With nothing left to do, Kelly is finally forced to take a moment to stop and stand next to Castiel. She nudges his arm with her shoulder.
Dean nods.
“Okay,” Dean says yet again. “What’s so important?”
“Your younger brother is named Sam.”
Dean puts the laden cutting board down in front of the many papers Cas is correcting, and declares, “Charcuterie.”
“Should I be your healthcare proxy?” Castiel asks.
Dean gets a finger in his mouth for that. He swirls his tongue and sucks.
Castiel kisses him back.
“We’re getting married,” Dean says.
Stretching his back with a groan, Dean evidently agrees. “Okay, we should be able to get the doors open and the wheels rolling. How’s it over there?”
“No,” Castiel says, then thinks about it. “No.” He sighs. “But you should probably know that I do have sex sometimes.”
“Yes, Master!” Dean cries out for all he’s worth.
“Cas,” Dean repeats, loving the unexpected name instantly.
It’s something in that
Quietly, slowly, Castiel talks him down. He tells Dean he’s allowed to come now, just the once, and they can call it a nocturnal emission.
Dean opens his mouth to say something else, but Castiel cuts him off with a quick “Name and date of birth?”
“One second.” Kelly dumps the drained potatoes into a fresh pot. “This one isn’t hot.” She passes the fresh pot to Jack, the used pot to Castiel.
“Dean-”
combat during this period, the initiating party shall be disqualified!
Hunter knocks him off. Taps him back.
Dean bucks up into him, into the soft tight heat clinging to him, clamped around him. He nods and nods, and on instinct answers, “Yes, Master.”
A heavy hand grips Castiel by the shoulder, a hand still rough from sword and lance despite the pen-soft demands of ruling. “I will look into the matter. We will put you forward for when the time comes.”
mate’s
“Hands behind your back,” Castiel orders, and Dean forces himself to comply, even when the head of his dick finally pops out the top, his balls falling through the gap in one leg hole.
“Beautiful,” Castiel corrects, eyes locked on the tiny bow in the middle, off-center now with Dean’s hardening cock.
Castiel throws back the sheet to look down at him through the dark.
She doesn't dignify this childish retort with a response. "My point is, is that you just look like you've been through some pretty rough shit since the last time I saw you, all right?"
She swings her arms and watches Cas, across the room, as he absently traces a finger down the tablet that rests on the table beside him. Dean's watching him too, and there's something very sad in his gaze, something melancholic, and Charlie wishes she could do something about that, because the way Dean looks at him is so very
Needless to say, Charlie still feels somewhat...
is pretty badass, I really don't want to wind up a corpse. I think...I think you should let him decide what he wants to do. I mean...he's a grown adult. He can make his own decisions."
Crowley is bleeding out of his eye, and Naomi's got a cut down her arm that's leaking white, and they're locked hand to hand, their angel blades against one another, neither willing to be the first to pull back.
"Erm," squeaks Charlie, and Dean, looking vaguely irked, rolls his eyes and moves into the other room after Sam, leaving Charlie alone with -
Across the room, Sam has taken out another demon, and then another angel, but even from this distance Dean can see that it's wearing him out completely, that he's starting to lose his strength. His movements are becoming slower, more sluggish, and his reaction time is severely delayed. A demon runs after him, and Dean yells a warning, but Rachel is already there, and her blade is buried deep within the demon's stomach. She flings him away without a second thought and then moves on to the next one, and maybe Dean got her wrong the first time, maybe she's not such a bad chick after all.
"Whatever he's done that's made you upset - do you really want to spend your maybe last day on Earth thinking about it?"
He does not want to talk about this. "...Naomi."
There's a scrape as she pushes her chair back, and the noise makes the bickering stop, everyone pausing to look at her. Charlie swallows, feeling slightly spotlighted, and says, "Stop. Stop, arguing isn't going to help anything."
Charlie swings her arms at her sides and looks around, her lips curving upwards in a small smile. "I know; not usually my habitat, huh? But I figured something smaller couldn't hurt, and hey, there's still an internet connection, even if it was developed back in the days of Gandalf the Grey. The people here are nice, and, I don't know..." She gives a little shrug. "It's pleasant."
"It's okay, you know," she says, and Dean's brow flickers in confusion.
to it. All this nonsense about how things will be all fine and dandy after the Gates are closed, it's just a bunch of crap. They'll close the Gates, and something else will pop up, something else will take the place of what's missing.
"Did we win?"
but Dean can't seem to muster up the energy to be angry about it.
"Yeah, but he's been with
He kneels down and puts his hand on Cas's arm, and thinks,
"It was not a simple task," he says. "I had to find Metatron first, and then - "
Hell, they took down both the Queen of Heaven and the King of Hell in one go and it was beautiful. And now two of the biggest baddies are dead and gone, never to have to be worried about again. Now they can just focus on closing the Gates of Hell, sealing the rest of the demons back inside, and they'll be good. They'll be back to hunting wendigos and shapeshifters and djinn and everything will be back to the way it was supposed to be in the first place.
"You've been in
cheerfully. "I think now's a really good time to get some lunch going, don't you Sam?"
The holy oil is spattered across Naomi's chest, some getting in her eyes, and she lets out a cry of shock. The hand holding the blade slips just a fraction, and Sam dives, his arms around Kevin's waist as he throws them both to the floor. And Charlie is snapping a match and there's a crackle of flame, and then Naomi is on fire, and she's screaming -
She doesn't exactly know the deets of what's going on, but the room in the Winchester bunker is so full of tension that it's almost tangible. Charlie is still sitting at the table with Sam, with the one called Gabriel who's an archangel behind them, and the one called Balthazar who likes booze and making unhelpfully snarky remarks to anything anybody says.
But he is, and he knows it. He's got Sam, but once they close the Gates of  Hell, Sam's gone. Sam's off in his apple pie life with his wife and his dog and their little white picket fence and Dean will be alone again, wandering the endless road, continuing the work his dad left behind. There is no
Charlie finds him later, sitting in one of the back rooms that's filled with books, his feet propped up on the table, a bottle of Jack Daniels beside him and a shot glass in his hand. He doesn't hear her come in, his mind about as far away from the bunker as possible, and it's only when Charlie taps his shoulder that Dean starts, sloshing his drink over his hand.
"He's still got that stick up his ass, I see," says Balthazar, and Charlie catches Dean's jaw tighten, a look of irritation flashing across his face.
And the angel blade he took from Inais before they even entered the warehouse is buried into her back, right alongside Samandriel's.
The second hour is spent with Dean telling Cas all about what happened after the incident at the warehouse; about how Charlie made fast friends with Rachel, and the two of them spent a while just talking about Heaven and the angels on the way to the hospital. About how Gabriel not-so-subtly smuggled booze into Kevin's hospital room and got all the nurses in there giggling and laughing with him. About how Balthazar smoked a cigar in Dean's room and accidentally set off the fire alarm (a situation that was thankfully hastily remedied before chaos had erupted).
A smile makes its way across the intruder's face. "Wrong division. You boys were the ones who got rid of the baby gates around this place, remember? Take down the gates, baby's gonna get out. Or something's gonna get in. And in this case," he gestures to himself. "you get me. You should be
"I can't leave him, Sammy."
Because really that's what it's going to take to get him to relax right now, a beer, or maybe two, or three, or a whole dozen because everything is so messed up and everything is so confusing and awkward and seriously could life get any more
The look in Sam's eyes is almost too probing - Dean knows that Sam wants him to talk, but he's not about to, not yet. He can't. Or maybe he won't.
but in this case, it was necessary for you to see what happens when you act like humans." She shrugs. "You die like a human."
"There's one more thing," Dean says, around noon. Charlie's eating a ham sandwich (thank you Dean), Cas is beside her (awkward), and Gabriel and Balthazar are on the end of the table, both with glasses of bourbon in their hands. Surprisingly, Dean hasn't had a drink yet today, or at least none that Charlie's seen.
But he can't hate everything. Hating is feeling something. So instead he just drinks another bottle - and then another, late into the night, long after Sam's snores fill the air, until it's almost morning and he can't feel anything anymore.
He wants to ask the biggest question of all -
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
She remembers. And it's hard, talking about this. It's tearing him apart inside, because that's what the memories are doing to him right now, like a blade slipping into his stomach, sinking into him with every step and it's
Dean's stomach begins to twist unpleasantly, and he reassesses his grip on the knife. Behind him, Charlie shifts.
"Ah," says Sam, and Dean says, "Ghost."
Except that's not going to happen anytime soon.
"Look, I know I'm not the best example of everything right with the world, but I was top bitch at Moondoor for a while. I knew when my subjects were having a rough time."
Or all the time.
“Oh,” she says, flustered, and promptly sits down in the nearest thing - a rocking chair that creaks loudly - folding her hands neatly into her lap like Hermione would have done in this sort of situation. “Yeah, yeah, I'm good.”
Then again.
The only person Dean
"Cas," says Dean, because that's all he
he says.
"I needed...I needed some time. I need to protect this tablet from Naomi at all costs."
"What do you mean, they're
The scowl deepens. "I'm fine."
He swallows, closes his eyes, and starts again. "But Cas, you stayed anyway. You never left - at least, not at first. You did at the end, but you did it to protect me."
Naomi looks as pleasant as pleasant can be - if pleasant meant psychotic. "We did not take the prophet."
at the
She just rolls her eyes, and Dean is reminded forcefully and unexpectedly of Jo, of her tear streaked face, her trembling lips as she looked up at him for the last time, dying an unworthy death in a building about to explode and damn he misses her, misses Ellen, misses Bobby and Benny and everyone that was once in his life, that he once saw smile.
Or missing, but Dean isn't going there.
defines him, what he has had drilled into his mind for so long.
"Yeah, right. Like we even know where Cas
He doesn't get very far.
looks.
of the ordinary that sometimes just thinking about it makes Dean furious.
Dean thinks.
Angry because Benny didn't tell him what he wanted.
in here. Haven't you ever heard of a new paint job?"
"...no."
(Before Michael ganked her, that is.)
"So here I am, okay?" He grins. "Back and just as handsome a devil as I was before."
"The hell does that mean?"
useless, since she knows she has
"Give us Kevin Tran back," Sam says.
The slight twitch of Dean's eyebrows is the only indication that he's caught the irony in that statement. He glowers a little longer and says, after waiting for the nonexistent answer, "So why the hell did you come
Charlie really hopes it’s the former, because tension this heavy is basically the equivalent of being clobbered over the head with a wooden mallet.
Gabriel is wearing that same trapped expression he was wearing when they first figured out who he was, when they first broke through his facade and discovered the archangel beneath. And Dean knows that he's right, knows that somehow,
"Just thought you should know," says Charlie, and backs out of the room, lifting her hands in a gesture of finality, her hair like a bright, neon beacon in the slightly dim room. Dean watches her go for a moment before he reaches out a hand and drags the bottle towards him, holding it up to look at it as though it's some foreign object. He wants - no, he
Gabriel - because this is definitely Gabriel, the
All of his past mistakes, all of his past disappointments, all of his past
"It's six somewhere."
Cas is back to not looking at him, staring at some place on the floor. "Gabriel wasn't the first."
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
She sticks out her hand - the proper greeting - which Cas regards with an almost curious expression. After a moment, however, he reaches out, accepts her hand, and shakes it gently, his fingers worn, his skin soft and rough simultaneously. Charlie beams at him and nods fervently, but then drops her hand quickly when he gives her a bemused look, tilting his head to the side like a bird might do.
“Hey, Cas,” says Sam, giving Dean a brief look before he says, “Glad you, um, made it.”
Sam is wearing Resigned Expression #42. Dean stares at him.
- and then they're through. The relief is not immediate; after all, they went from the fire back into the frying pan, but it's better than being trapped. And although Charlie's flame red hair is slightly singed at the ends, she seems all right.
She's new, she hasn't been with them for the past six years. She hasn't seen what he's seen, heard what he's heard, felt what he's felt. She hasn't watched as Cas has gone from a stalwart, unmoving hammer of a soldier, to a rebellious angel with a chip on his shoulder, to an all-powerful, megalomanic God, to a lost, broken, and battered mental patient running away from his problems.
She's got Kevin to play video games with, and occasionally Dean will join in when he's not on a hunt. The bunker has a steady stream of visitors, from Garth (who always brings pizza and beer), to Rachel (Charlie wonders whether it's bad to flirt with an angel - but then she remembers
Around them, the demons and angels are falling more quickly than ever, and Balthazar is standing proudly over a group of fallen demons, his foot on their back, a smug look on his face, and Gabriel's whistling in amusement as he downs yet another angel, and for the first time since this whole mess started, Dean thinks that maybe, just maybe, they can win this fight.
"Make sure Dean is okay," he says, and Charlie blinks, taken aback.
instead of coming back up here with you, thinking he doesn't belong! Maybe because Bobby's been in freaking
"Well, anyway." Charlie leans forward again, turning so that she's looking at Dean and it's only he turns to look at her that she continues, a smile on her face because this is Dean Winchester, hunter extraordinaire, one badass bastard, a guy who's based his life on being tough and killing the bad guys, hunting the things that go bump in the night. And, Charlie thinks, this is what defines him - what he
And the next moment they're back in the bunker.
He's been in a coma for the past three days and Dean is going crazy.
come back from the dead, did you?
Maybe that wasn't the best question. Dean's eyebrows look permanently drawn into an irritated scowl.
Or maybe he's angry. Angry because Cas is a first rate son of a bitch for just
"Cas, you know," he says, and it's just like he's back in Purgatory, sitting up in the branches of a thick pine tree (he used to climb them to keep himself less of a target for the monsters at night), staring up into the starless sky, letting his thoughts out to the angel.
Red hair, like Anna's used to be.
"Correction: I
"...I thought I'd just...sit here quietly."
Dean's eyes snap open abruptly and he swivels around in his chair, staring at her. "What?"
He gives Charlie a weak smile. "Thank heaven for that."
The second day after everyone leaves is much like the first. Sam calls around noon, asking how Cas is, and when Dean asks about how Sam is, he gets a tirade about how Gabriel and Balthazar pop in constantly and wreak havoc just because they can, and how Garth and Charlie have become friends, and how Kevin sleeps all the time because he's just so tired and Sam can relate to that because it's hard to sleep when you have too many people around and
"The sacrifice to be paid, the spell to revive the angels..."
angel, right, not like angel as in the January issue of Victoria's Secret?"
they might get.
Cas lifts his hands, both of them on the side of Dean's face, and he says "Dean, please - " and he's trying to explain, trying to say what it is that he wants to, but Dean's not listening because everything is suddenly falling into place, everything is suddenly making a whole freaking lot of sense, more sense than he ever wanted it to, because
Because he does need Cas and it kills him that he's not here right now.
Charlie chokes involuntarily on her tea. Coughing, she looks up to find Dean looking down at her, and though his expression is the same hard one he constantly wears, there's something very different about it, something that she can't quite put her finger on.
The deep, graveling voice is one they’re all expecting, which is the reason for their stupor of classic reactions. It’s familiar, all-too-familiar, to Dean and Sam, the latter of whom looks up, pressing his lips together in an imitation of what might have been an attempt at a smile. But it’s not familiar to Charlie, who hasn’t even seen the two brothers in over a year, and she’s never met the third member of their motley little fellowship. And considering that all Sam said was, “Angel. Wears a trenchcoat.
Being alive did not make him worthy of being pulled out of Hell by a freaking
, even when they lost contact after Sam went to Hell and Dean tried out the whole apple pie life thing, somehow, Cas was always in his thoughts. His very
John Winchester's work, because there is no
He doesn't know the answer to that question anymore.
says a nagging little voice in his head, but Dean shoves that thought away.
And somewhere in the back of his mind he can hear
, standing beside his bed in the bunker, as clear as day - rocks back on his heels, looking entirely too pleased with himself. "Thought I'd come by and check out the nest you two have carved out." He glances around, eyes roaming from the weapons mounted on the walls, to the Led Zepplin poster tacked above the dresser, to the small photograph on the bedside table, propped carefully up beside the lap. "Looks like I wasn't missing much. It's so
Next chapter will be the last one
Naomi's shoulders lift and fall. The silver of the angel blade flashes as she presses it a little higher, and Kevin makes a small whimpering sound. "Seems fair enough, wouldn't you say?"
"Just like you will," says a voice, and Naomi spins around, but she's not fast enough, not quick enough to stop the angel blade from slamming through her torso, right between her ribs.
"Are you okay?"
Dean goes to sit beside Cas.
There is an awful, grinding noise, and the entire building trembles violently, as though being sent through a tornado, everything clattering with deafening noises. Several windows shatter, spraying glass this way and that, and Dean throws his arms over Charlie's head, Sam ducking down as more explode around them, and Dean can't help but think that this was
He wakes up without knowing that he's fallen asleep. It's abrupt, like getting doused in cold water, and when his eyes open fully, still groggy, he might as well have been, because it's impossible for the person standing by his bedside to be there.
Naomi opens her mouth, but nothing comes out.
One visitor is always the same - an unusually tall man with dark hair to his shoulders, always tired looking, but never failing to show up every single day. Sometimes he falls asleep at the bedside of the loud one, and the patient always snaps for everyone else to be quiet, when really it should be the other way around.
Frowning, Dean stood and followed Sam out into the bunker proper. Ruby sat watching the security screens.
Dean stopped with a frown, “You ok?”
The angels that frequented the bar avoided him like the pariah he was, they didn’t want to be associated with him at all. Demons too, no one wanted contact with an angel who shunned heaven and their interests. Well everyone but his closest friend.
Tearing himself from the bed, he dressed quickly. Once done he tucked the blanket around Dean’s exhausted form but as he moved towards the door Dean stirred. “It’s okay, I’ll be right back,” Cas whispered, unsure of where the soft platitude had emerged. Something strange was definitely happening. He vanished from the room and landed at the main door, opening it slowly. Caution was his new best friend as he crept into the very early morning darkness, the cool air caressing his bare arms, it was rare he didn’t have his trench coat on and the lack of it left arms bare by way of his rolled up shirt.
As she approached with the vile, Dean backed away. His ass hitting the wall, the only concrete wall in the room. There was no use in fighting, he knew that but he always lashed out and ended up on the floor, face down with a needle in his neck. Once the plunger dispensed he would become rigid, flail and then the pain would begin. Time would pass and when he woke it would feel as though he’d been through a wood chipper. This time though something new happened. The white, almost silver substance entered his veins in a rush of endorphins. A high like nothing he’d ever felt coursed through his blood and with it a flash of memories, not his but someone else's. A dark-haired man with beautiful blue eyes swamped his mind. A name wasn’t forthcoming but that didn’t matter because Dean knew him. He hadn’t before the injection, had he? but he knew this man, no, he was an Angel. The memories let him know the Angel better than he did himself. Before he could get a grip on the memories they were taken by his mind and locked away to protect him from being overwhelmed. Then the pain began, it was different this time, almost as if he was being remade from the inside. The trembling became a full-on seizure as his atoms tore apart and integrated the essence of a celestial being. Suddenly the knowledge was there, he could escape. It wasn’t a conscious thought, no, he was barely alive but his mind knew what to do with the information.
The Angel kept walking without comment, Cas had hated the last year. He’d had to deal with the Dean stuff all by himself with no sounding board. He wasn’t human, how was he supposed to navigate human relationships without help?
Dean coughed past his concern and adjusted his tone, “Where are you, soldier?”
“You like pain?”
Cas grinned and Dean melted, “I don’t think you’d survive that right now.”
“They’re here, I know they are,” Cas whispered.
“An angel.”
Max grinned, “Yeah well, you scared the shit outta me up there so I’m revisiting some old favourites.”
“Yes, it’s unusual,” he scowled.
He turned toward and smiled automatically which still felt strange but also confusingly natural. Dean wore jeans which hung low on his hips and a baggy V-neck shirt but instead of being sexy it just reminded Cas that’d Dean was under weigh because of the torture his family had inflicted on him creating a rage which boiled in his gut.
“Dean, go check on Dean.” The words were out in a hiss of air as he continued to twitch, “Meg. Go!”
Dean glanced at his key which had the name of the hotel engraved on the side and Cas nodded, “Oh yeah, I like it there. Its more relaxed and they have the best cheeseburgers.”
“Well, I’ll tell you what you missed. Your kin has been hunting us for a long-ass time.”
Sam glanced at them both and then stood, shaking with rage, “You can't be serious?"
Dean stared at him quizzically while Cas pushed on the block in his psyche. It felt like pushing through molasses and with every slip of progress he felt more and more sure that Anna hadn’t sanctioned what Naomi had done to him. Dean had grace that had been taken back then the war had required it but the missing memories, had she abducted him at some point?
They gazed at each other for a few long seconds before Dean broke the silence, “So… what now? Do we stay stuck to each other all the time? Because I don’t know about you but that feels a little, what’s the word Sam used, co- something,  co-dependent.”
Meg had been his friend for three hundred years, his only friend as he hers. They enjoyed each other's company, the simple back and forth suited them both. She didn’t ask anything from him. Well, that was inaccurate, she always asked but not from anything he was unwilling to give. During the early development of the U.S, they’d hung out in a bar further north of D.C central. Now they spent all their time at 'Darkness Rises'. Meg said it was a subtle name for a demon and angel hang out, Cas assumed she was being sarcastic.
“Shit!” Max ducked and rolled away as instinct kicked in.
“No,” Meg huffed and then added, “Maybe?”
Confusion had him looking for an answer to a seemingly random question, “Huh?” Was all he came up with.
“Cas… I teleported or whatever… do you think I could do that again?” Dean asked tentatively.
A sharp laugh from Dean caught them both by surprise and he added, “Yeah that's why I like it there.”
Cas caught his gaze, held it then moved slowly to grasp Max’s jaw in his gloved hand, it was deliberate and human slow, “I would never hurt you, Maxy. Not ever.” A single tear slid down Cas cheek, the human side breaking free at the thought of his friend ever being afraid of him.
“Cupid?” Cas asked and the Angel released Dean then stepped back.
Dean froze, he’d only ever seen Angels in books and they were always vicious looking. In the stories, they were described as shadows, there one moment and gone the next. They almost never spoke to their human prey. Dean may have been the only one in the recent history of his people that had spoken to an Angel and he had no idea what to do.
Scowling she stood, “And don’t you dare say you don’t know. I know you know something.”
Cas vanished again and he was by Max’s side but jumped a mile, taking a few cautionary steps backwards.
“Memory wiped?”
Cas turned and looked around. He hadn’t been here for several thousand years, it looked different. If he was correct, they were in the main chamber now and the spell would work. The words were in Enochian, Max knew what was being said and his eyes followed Cas’. A flashed blinded them both momentarily as light filled the ceiling of the rock cavern.
“No Cas, you had no other choice,” Dean assured him, “You saved Sam in that field. You chased down that angel when your family was happy to let that sick shit take my brother, you stopped them from having my memory, kept my family safe, you didn’t have to do that.”
The horror of possibly leading them here to their safe place consumed him, “Cas, can they follow me here?”
Confusion reigned, “Resistance?”
“Yes, removed not blocked. They won’t be able to recover them,” Cas confirmed.
“Was not.”
At his morose tone, his brother turned and watched him, “Dean? Is everything okay? Where is Cas?”
A smile crept over Cas’ lips, “You were concerned about me?”
Dean grinned, “Yes.”
“This person is hurt, he asked me to bring him here,” Cas replied.
She glanced over, seething rage pouring like a river threatening to drown them both.
Dean shuffled to kneeling with his head resting on Cas’ shoulder. It seemed too much effort for him to lift it.
“It’s my thing! I feel so raiders right now!”
‘Cas!’, The voice echoed and instantly he knew who it was.
When their ancestors had been released from Angel slavery they had decided to hide. They had not been trusting of a new regime in which humans were equals. Having seen the worst of the Angels, their faction decided to play it safe and remain unseen. Dean knew their people were being hunted, something in their blood made them different. They had been taught that as fact from the moment they were old enough to understand. Being around the Angels for long periods had made certain bloodlines more accepting of hybridisation, some had been bread with other species on purpose and some were the product of mating with humans.
Dean sighed at his brothers whining, “Yes Sam?”
“I’d call him George,” Max suddenly added, interrupting their silent walk, “He’d be one of those fancy multicoloured ones with the big, bright feathers. A Macaw I think, yeah and I’d train him to say ‘My name is George, I’m better than Castiel.’”
Sam paled, “You knew?”
As the room stilled, Cas turned to look at Dean, “I remember.”
Uriel screamed as a silver blade pierced his chest, it snapped Dean out of his trance. He hadn’t seen either Angel gain the upper hand on the other but it must have happened. A bright light was blinding for a second but then it vanished. As Dean shook Sam’s chest, Uriel fell to the ground in a lifeless heap. Dean’s body trembled, both from the adrenaline and fear but also from the rain dripping cold winter water down his spine.
“This way,” Cas said as he crossed the cavern to a set of stairs. It was pitch black and Max pulled his flashlight out now he knew they were not alone. Cas was vigilant, more so than before. The steps continued on the other side, then sloped upwards and to the right. It was an interesting design, there were small, hidden places where people could wait and attack. Thankfully, there was no one waiting for them in the wings. The steps were wide and made to keep you at an uncomfortable gait. Cas led while Max brought up the rear, they were silent as they walked. Several minutes passed and eventually the stairs levelled out onto a landing. Cas grabbing Max’s shoulder as he walked backwards. His friend looked over, eyes going wide, the drop was sheer and at least a hundred feet down.
“That shouldn’t be a problem,” he didn't elaborate.
“Right, how are you getting over there?”
Max grimaced, the impact would have been hard, faster than human but training had him rolling into the foliage that swamped the forest floor. “I don’t know how you do that but I’m glad you can.”
Cas nodded, “I don’t know how they got my grace… unless… Anna saved it. Damn her.”
Cas glanced over his shoulder to the room in which Dean slept, they’d be back soon, he would never know. Then they could make a plan and have an idea of what they were going into. Dean would be here, safe. Cas still wasn’t sure why that was important. Why Dean was so important to him but the overwhelming need to keep the human safe was all-consuming. Reconnaissance was essential, he needed to see what defences Angel Inc had in place, what it would take to get in and out undetected. He was aware they had technology on their side now, no matter how much he ignored them, short of living on the moon he was always going to hear about their business ventures. Something twitched in his chest, regret maybe? He felt bad that he’d left Anna in charge. She’d been good once, one of the best of them but somewhere during the war she’d changed, things had gotten harder and so had she. The others relied on her to protect them and heaven, she had trusted him to have her back and he had, for so long, through so much but he had a conscience and they didn’t. That difference wouldn't let the way they treated the humans lie and it had been the beginning of the end for their friendship the day he questioned her methods.
Looking over his shoulder at the corpse, Cas ignited it. The fire was golden and swift, the body consumed in seconds, “Yes, but it will be a mystery to them. They’ll assume its Demons.”
Shaking his head he added, “Okay Meg. I, I think I healed his human side but I think he’s part something else and that… it feels broken, damaged but I can’t touch it.”
Cas sighed, “I know but it is a risk we’ll have to take.”
“Bait.” He nodded.
“How’d you figure?”
“Seeing as you’re still here, you wanna grab a cab with me?” A sweet voice carried across the room. So much for being a security mogul he thought, nearly jumping from his skin. Dean had been so far inside his head he hadn’t noticed the host reentering the room.
