Cas didn’t find Dean’s joke funny, but when Cas pursed his full lips and Dean’s eyes were drawn to them, it made the hunter realize that he really, really didn’t think
with the angel. A look of realization and determination settled into Cas’ eyes for a moment before they were once again replaced by sadness.
thoughtful. Was it creepy? It seemed creepy. And Cas wouldn’t even be able to use half the gift until way later. He should’ve thought about something else.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean blinked a few times hard, and stood up, immediately clamoring over to Cas and helping him up. “Cas… you gotta help Sammy. It’s bad…” They made their way over to Sam’s crumpled, bloody form at on the ground. Dean immediately fell to his knees. Cas leaned down and placed a gentle two finger touch to Sam’s temple.
“He was very convincing as a hunter.” Dean argued, pouting slightly.
Cas just raised an eyebrow at Dean and he bit his lip, cheeks turning pink as he avoided Cas’ eyes and instead glared at the older man. “Bobby…” he whined. “Stop trying to embarrass me.”
When Dean left the bathroom, he offered to buy Sam and Cas a slushie and tried not to think about how he went from having the best Christmas he had ever had to shooting up in a bathroom less than 24 hours later.
thick, but he threw a wink in Cas’ direction just for good measure.
Castiel quirked an eyebrow. “You’re challenging
“I don’t say this nearly enough, but thanks, Cas. Thank you. For everything you’ve done, and for what you’re doing now.” He pulled back, but his hands remained on Castiel’s shoulders. Castiel’s blue eyes searched Dean’s green ones, getting lost in them for a moment.
“I suppose it is.” Something softened in Cas’ eyes. “Thank you, Dean. For everything.”
And he was the one that forgot completely about Christmas.
“Maybe… maybe messing up that bad is helping me control it?” Dean suggested, his stomach twisting at the thought of knowing he was lying to his brother.
The Djinn essence hit him like a crashing plane, both injections of it. He tripped towards his bed, but he knew something was wrong. Very wrong. Where he normally immediately felt calmer, freer,
“Not anymore.” Cas replied wryly. “I think they sort of… trust me now, trust that I’m not a danger to the hive.”
Dean felt like an asshole. He was the one that had brought up celebrating holidays. He was the one that had made a big deal about Thanksgiving and being completely elated that he got to spend time with his family. He was the one that was so desperately trying to provide a little normalcy to the people he loved.
him. Are you insane?”
“He was using extracted Djinn magic. We haven’t fought a Djinn in a very long time, so I suppose he found it within the Men of Letters bunker… experimenting with Djinn essence isn’t entirely unheard of. I’m sure he found something about it in the Men of Letters archive and felt compelled to give it a shot.” Castiel shook his head, hearing his voice crack. Dean was alive now, and it still didn’t make the too-fresh memory any easier. “He took too much. I…I had to bring him back.”
Sam shifted nervously on the loveseat, worry forming at the pit of his stomach. “I didn’t. He’s uh...Cas, he’s out with Vera. You don’t think…?”
Dean had almost drifted back off to sleep when he felt Cas roll over and kiss him on the cheek. “Mmmm.” Dean acknowledged sleepily, not opening his eyes. Cas let out that husky, early morning chuckle that made him weak in the knees and Dean smiled, opening his eyes. “Good morning, sunshine.”
Sam’s face shifted to something both sad and empathetic. “When are you going to tell him?”
He finally noticed Dean was staring at him with his jaw on the floor, and he met Dean’s gaze with warm, oceanic blue eyes. “Hello.” He said in a deep voice that immediately made Dean feel like he never actually hit puberty. “Can I help you?”
Dean sat up and ran a hand through his hair. It was greasy and gross from the sweat, and he was pretty sure he reeked. God he needed a shower. “You don’t gotta heal me, man.” He slumped down in bed realizing that he was shirtless and had fucking track marks now. “I just need to sweat it out.” Cas looked at him like he was made of glass and Dean grimaced. “I’m already feeling better than I was this morning.”
He knew it!
to eventually reply to everyone's comments. I know I'm
Dean didn’t even have to think twice about getting off the bench to drop down on one knee. He pulled out the little black box, feeling all the blood rush to his face. “You’ve always been the one that’s good with words but bear with me here.” Cas’ eyes were wide, and he was leaning forward, always gravitating towards Dean like the universe was trying to prove they were meant to be together. “I know we’ve talked about our futures before. And I can’t imagine a future without you in it. You are my future, Cas. And I want to spend the rest of my life with you.” Dean opened the black box. The bottom of the box held the ring in a white cushion, but the top of the inside of the box had Dean’s messy scrawl in the words “bee mine?” with a little, poorly drawn cartoon bee underneath it. “Get it?” Dean asked excitedly. “’bee’ mine? Since we met ‘cause of bees?”
“I can’t remember a lot from Hell.” Dean suddenly admitted, still stroking the feather and wishing he was still stroking Cas’ wings. “At least not the part from Hell when you rescued me. It’s been bothering me for years that that was the only thing I could remember about Hell was all the shit I wanted to forget. I wish…I wish I could remember you.”
“I’m not
“Relax?! Do you know how bored we’ve been! I've been losing my damn mind-”
“You’ve been quiet.” Dean observed, making Cas realize that Dean had been watching him.
“I want to rid the world of the mark. Dean just so happens to be the one that has it.” Cas stated calmly, keeping his facial features neutral.
“Dean? Dean, can you hear me?” Cas was muttering worriedly, his eyes no longer glowing but just as urgent.
“Dean is intoxicated, and you’re trying to follow him. If you take advantage of him or harm him in any way, I swear on my Father that I will rip you limb from limb. There will be nothing left of you for the cops to identify when I’m done.” Castiel growled. He released his hold on Todd and the man stumbled backwards, shock and fear apparent in his eyes.
Trigger warning in the end notes!
to be openly flirting with a guy when someone he knew was right
“We’re not. We’re just practicing. If you actually hit anything, I’ll stop it before it goes in and put it back where it was.” Cas glared at him grumpily but got in position and Dean snorted. “Okay, so that’s one of the problems.” He put his beer down on the edge of the table and made his way over to Cas. “You’re not holding the pool cue right. Just like with shooting. You’re too tense. You gotta relax, buddy.” Cas had stood up straight to say something to Dean, but Dean gestured for him to turn around and face the table again. Cas did begrudgingly. Dean swallowed hard. This was a bad idea.
“Cas doesn’t have anything to change into.” Dean mentioned evenly.
“Heaven.” Cas stated, shrugging slightly.
“Dean! Wait. We need to talk.” Castiel’s voice was gruffer than it normally was. Dean raised a single eyebrow at Castiel, and leaned back against his Impala.
“We’ll join you.” Cas offered.
“This scar has faded so much since I first raised you.” Cas muttered in his husky voice, admiring how his hand fit perfectly in place. His eyes flickered to Dean’s. “All things heal in time, Dean.” He added knowingly. Dean gulped, resisting the urge to lean into the angel’s touch. There was something so intimate about it, and regardless of how often Dean tried to come across as a total hard ass, it felt nice.
He looked down at his list, rereading the sloping cursive of his list. He didn’t think he was as good as Sam’s. “I want to learn more about humanity.” Dean smiled at him encouragingly, and Castiel almost squirmed at how warm the smile made him feel. “I want to make sure my beehive flourishes and I get to know each bee individually.” Sam snorted, and Castiel was pretty sure he heard Dean kick his brother under the table. “I want to make my decision on Heaven, if I’m still allowed to. I haven’t returned in so long that my decision may have already been made for me. I feel as though it is time to decide if I’m going to return to Heaven or live my life on earth or split my time between the two.” Castiel looked up at Sam and Dean. Sam was smiling at Cas but kept glancing at Dean who was sitting in his chair rather tensely now.
angel wings… and Magnus, he… he was
“Wait! Uh, can I… can I keep this one?” Dean asked. He was pretty sure it was a primary feather based on how strong and large it was. Cas was staring at him with an unreadable expression. “I mean, it’s just kind of awesome, you know? I’m the first human to ever see or touch angel wings and they’re
Dean searched Cas’ eyes, overwhelmed as he fought away the stinging in his eyes that was dangerously close to tears forming. “Thanks, Cas.” He whispered. Cas just smiled back at him, his eyes shining lovingly.
They both parted for some air, and Dean realized just how badly he was shaking. There was a voice in the back of his head telling him this was a catastrophically bad idea because they had both been drinking, but a louder one was telling it to shut the fuck up for the time being. The string lights hanging from the roof of the tiki hut bar were sparkling in Cas’ infinitely blue eyes, and they were wide with wonder. Dean wanted to know what he was thinking, wanted to know where Cas’ head was at in all of this, but before he could ask, someone to the left cleared their throat.
“I can make room.” Dean shrugged again. Castiel slowly hung his hoodie back on the coat rack. It did feel relaxing to have his wings out and used less grace than having them stored away. When he looked back up at Dean, the hunter was beaming. “I’ll hook up the laptop to the tv. Just come out when you’re ready.”
He got up to throw the tissues away, and stopped, looking in the direction of Cas’ room. He tossed the tissues in the trash and ran his fingers through his hair in frustration.
Sam’s face immediately softened. “I- I’m sorry. I went to far. I just hate seeing you like this. This isn’t good for you. I know it’s hard because he’s your best friend. He’s like family to us. But… when you’re tired of taking it out on yourself, you’re going to start taking it out on him.” Dean swallowed hard and brought the bottle to his lips again. He knew Sam was right. He had been in the car a few times when Dean had been on the phone with Lisa and did just that. “You have to either tell him, or force yourself to get over him, Dean.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam huffed at an annoyed sigh, but Dean heard him close the door and he relaxed. His stomach growled, and he ignored it. His stomach may be protesting the fact that he hadn’t ate breakfast, but he had absolutely no appetite. He pushed his blankets further down his body because he couldn’t stop sweating. It took him a moment to realize that it probably wasn’t because of the heat, but it was probably his body trying to sweat out what was left of the Djinn juice. He really needed to be more careful. Sure, he was miserable, but he didn’t want to
“You don’t drink coffee with a steak, Cas. That’s gross. You drink beer. Like a man.”
There was a sound of angel wings flapping, and Charlie disappeared.
Normally, Dean wasn’t exactly the type to let others drive, but he couldn’t say no to her if he tried.
. He tried to play it off as if he hadn’t completely forgotten about the holiday that was literally
Eileen was smiling when he finally got his phone settled. “You good?” She asked and signed at the same time. He knew she was doing this for his benefit because he was trying to learn. She very rarely signed to Sam unless they were having some super-secret convo where they didn’t use words at all.
Dean blinked the stinging from his eyes and decided to clean up the library before Sam woke up or Cas came back. He found a broom in one of storage closets and swept up the glass from the lamp quickly and threw them away, then crammed the broken chair in the closet along with the broom. He picked up the book he had been reading, noticing that it had fallen open to a page about Djinn.
“It’s not really something I have the luxury of worrying about right now.” Cas replied simply.
“Take your time.” Sam muttered dismissively. “I’ll have Netflix and HBO, and I was recently able to hack into someone’s Hulu.”
I know I'm the worst at responding to comments, but if any of my followers have been around since It Started Out With a Kiss, they can tell you that it may take me forever, but I DO eventually get to everyone's comments.
“Thanks, Cas. Yeah. I still feel like shit.” Dean muttered hoarsely. It was so odd to see Cas standing there awkwardly even though Dean knew last night was dream.
“Convention?” Sam asked, shoving his hands in his jacket pocket.
Castiel squinted up at the man in confusion. “Who are you?” He growled, the timbre of his voice a lot more intimidating than if he was not on his hands and knees on the floor. A man that was apparently very skilled in magic and had knowledge of Enochian.
At first Dean was concerned that he and Cas were moving too fast but being in love with Cas was so easy that it was one of the few things that made sense to him. Cas was it for Dean, and he knew Cas felt the same way about him. They had even had The Talk™ when Dean had mentioned the size of Cas’ home- their home- and Cas had fully admitted that he wanted marriage and children to be in his future.
A bright smile lit up Dean’s face. “Yeah, I can see where you’d be good at something like that. You should figure out how you want to help people, and just go for it.”
The moment the glass was snuggly slid back in place behind him, a litany of curse words fell from his lips and the knuckles of his right fist collided with the immaculate white stone of the outside of the resort. Dean ignored the throbbing in his hand and ignored the new smear of red of the wall to focus on what a colossal fuck up he was. He had
Castiel was still unsure of what Magnus wanted from him. None of the torture seemed inherently sexual, but Magnus enjoyed it in a way that was clearly more than just morbid curiosity about what made an angel tick. It had been this way for weeks, each ‘session’ with Magnus worst than the last. Castiel had long since been able to keep up with the exact amount of time he was held hostage, because time was irrelevant here. He was kept in his cage in a dark room whenever Magnus was done with him. There were no windows in the room, no natural light. If his grace hadn’t been in such a weakened state, he would be able to keep track of the time. With his grace barely clinging on, he was left helpless in the area of time. The only thing that he knew was that Magnus didn’t experiment on him at the same time every day. Magnus had a large rolling dry erase board that he kept his ‘findings’ on and would often put the time next to them to see if the time of day had any correlation to how Castiel reacted.
Between the salty air and rhythmic crash of waves, Dean could see why people chose the beach for their vacation destinations. It was soothing, and with each inhale and exhale he could feel himself relaxing. He was just going to have to try
Dean opened and closed his mouth a few times, but Sam finally spoke up for him. “That’s a really big decision, Cas. Don’t feel rushed about making it. Dean and I will be here regardless of your decision.” Castiel nodded at the taller brother in thankful acknowledgement, but then looked over to Dean. Dean was staring at him with wide, worried eyes, and his throat kept working like he wanted to say something but couldn’t find the words. Castiel gave him a concerned look, but Dean broke eye contact with him, and Sam encouraged him to continue with his list.
Sam sank into the backseat of the Impala, his body melting into the leather due to his lack of energy. Dean watched him worriedly in the rearview mirror. “You’re going to have to take it easy for at least a couple of day before Cas can get you in tip top shape, Sammy.” Sam just nodded, his eyes already sliding back closed at he drifted off in unconsciousness again.
Maybe if Dean would have been sober he would have thought it through. Maybe if the case earlier had panned out differently, he would have second guessed it. Maybe if Sam was still at the resort with them, or if they wouldn’t have had that conversation earlier, he would have contemplated his actions a little more. Dean didn’t do any of that. Instead, he grabbed the front of Cas’ shirt and pulled him in for a kiss.
“Hey, Cas.” Dean choked out. He nearly dropped his beer. Cas was once again wearing the hoodie that Dean got him for Christmas, and it was so god damn adorable that he didn’t know what to do with himself. Cas’ hair was ruffled from sliding the hoodie on over his white dress shirt, and he hadn’t bothered fixing it. “We’re gonna have to get you some jeans to wear with that hoodie.” Dean said, trying to deflect. “Looks a bit weird with your whole suit get up.” Cas narrowed his eyes but seemed to decide better than to say anything. “You got any plans tonight?” Dean asked nervously.
“I promise you, he will be okay, Dean.” Castiel assured him genuinely.
Dean wasted no time once he was in his room. He locked his door and searched for his first aid kit and was pleased that hunter’s first aid kits included a little more than the average. He set up the syringe and needle, dripping a few drops of the Djinn essence into the syringe. His skin crawled at the familiarity of this situation, of how much it reminded him of the times when he would set up to inject something very different in his veins all those years ago.
angel. His fondness for all of the things his father created was what made him special. It was what made him Cas, made him
Castiel’s eyes widened again marginally, and Dean smirked at the slight blush that spread across his cheeks, an awesome contrast to the blue of his eyes. “I, uh, yeah. I just started working here a few, um, days ago, actually.”
Cas looked pleased as he said, “In all lore, what the devil is defeating by is God.” His eyes scanned over Dean’s face, counting freckles and searching eyes. “You should be asleep. You drove all the way through the night.”
“Well, it’s not like I could exactly
Cas picked the gun back up, smirking ever so slightly. He aimed the gun and pulled the trigger, hitting the target in the dead center without any sort of hesitation or trouble. “You’re a good teacher, Dean.” He muttered to himself sarcastically. So yeah, maybe the angel had been faking it a little, and he definitely felt bad about it because it felt a lot like lying to Dean. But there had been this gnawing feeling eating away at the angel lately, a need to be
. Cas went for the boat just beyond it, but not before sending Dean a pissy look that he pretended not to notice. He knew he should be helping Cas and his brother check for hex bags and EMF, but with Ivan back at the marina office printing more documents, he figured he could just distract Vera instead.
any details… But I know whatever’s going on here isn’t normal. Boats from the marina keep going missing, and I’ve seen about people disappearing on the news. Its not… none of this is normal. What can I do to help?”
Dean grabbed the nearly empty scotch bottle off of the table in front of him and took a swig. The scotch burned as it slid down his throat, but it didn’t calm the panicking feeling growing inside him. He gripped the bottle tighter in his hand and headed for the door.
“Cas?” Dean croaked, his throat raw. He tried to sit up and failed, still too weak. Castiel had enough grace to bring him back and sober him, but not fully restore his strength. “Cas I can explain.” Dean looked petrified. His shoulders were trembling as he tried again to push himself up on his elbows.
Sebastian was funny and charming and easy to talk to about hunting. He had been a hunter for years and usually stuck to offing vampires because that’s where he felt like his expertise lied. Dean found that they knew about the same amount about the case at hand, which wasn’t much. Seb was in the middle of telling a story about a vampire he beheaded during a Broadway show when he made eye contact with Cas from across the bar. He and Sam were leaving, and the angel had his eyes narrowed and his head tilted, observing Dean before he left. Dean swallowed hard and wondered if Cas could tell that either of them were flirting, and wondered if that weirded the angel out. Sam grabbed Cas by the arm and pulled him out of the bar before Dean could dwell on it too much.
“Yeah, that would be great.” Dean replied, strumming on the counter with his fingers.
“And the mark?”
“Better?” He asked sincerely.
“He’ll be okay, Dean. But he’s lost a lot of blood and I can’t heal him all at once, even with my grace restored. The residual magical effects from the Tulpa still linger on him. I’ll have to do it over time. He’ll live, but he’s going to need a lot of rest.”
Besides, Dean had
Halfway through the
The creature stood on two hooved, goat-like feet that kicked up more dirt as it approached them. A leathery, pointed tail whipped out from behind it sporadically. From the waist up, it was almost entirely humanoid other than the gigantic horns that were protruding from its skull. Its skin and fur were a dark red, almost black in the lack of light, the exact color of drying blood. It snorted, a hooved foot pawing at the ground. “Well, well, well, what is it we have here?” It growled out, a voice much deeper than even Castiel’s. The voice immediately filled them all with foreboding dread. “Two humans…” It said looking at Sam and Dean, but then it’s eyes swept over to Cas “And an angel. I’ve always wanted to get my pitchfork in an angel, really see what makes them scream and beg for mercy. This is the first time I’ve had the pleasure of meeting one.”
“That was probably Bee-yonce.” Cas said, matter-of-factly, nodding his head slightly before taking another large gulp of coffee. Dean couldn’t stop himself from snorting and almost choking on his French toast. “She’s a guard bee.” Cas added ignoring him. “She was sizing you up to see if you were a threat to the hive.”
“Dean, I love all of your gift.” Cas responded sincerely. Dean looked back at the angel, unconvinced, only to find him pulling the hoodie on over his white button up, which made Sam snicker. Dean shot him a disgruntled look, but his brother was giving him that look that he had been giving him entirely too much lately. A single eyebrow quirked up with knowing eyes and an amused smirk that made Dean’s skin crawl because being teased about Cas was just
“Of course.” Cas answered, this time sitting next to Dean at the table.
Ariel smiled up at him, her disposition more relaxed and friendlier that it had been during their first meeting. She was cradling a cup of coffee in both hands and had a variety of macaroons on a plate in front of her. Castiel smiled when he noticed a bite was missing out of one. “Castiel!” She exclaimed. “I would have ordered you something, but I wasn’t sure what to get you. Do you know this place has over 12 flavors of tartes alone?”
“Of course I could." The angel replied, unamused. "But I figured you and Sam have had a long enough break.”
“It’s… life.” Dean mumbled, wracking his brain for anything new that had happened in his life recently. “Oh, I finally got that cute little bartender to give me-“
Dean will freak out if you do that. He’ll probably just think you’re making fun of him or something. If he comes to
Dean thought, finally dropping his eyes from their little staring contest. He cleared his throat. “Um, I think you got the hang of it now. I’ll just leave you to it, okay? Keep practicing as much as you want tonight. We’ll need you in tip top shape to take down that Tulpa.” Dean winked at Cas playfully before leaving him alone at the firing range. The door closed behind him.
Dean threw a couple of bills down on the dining table and chugged the rest of his now cold coffee. He glanced over at Cas, who was watching him carefully.
Until the exact moment that he realized he was out of pie.
he was when he first met him, it was one of the first things Dean noticed about Cas. But it was in this moment that it felt significant to notice, with Cas lying in his bed next to him (why watch Netflix in the den when he had a perfectly good memory foam mattress), peaceful and content. Not urgent and clinical, or about to flap off any second.
“Please.” Cas pleaded. “There has to be something you can tell me, Ariel.”
“Oh.” Dean’s voice was a little disappointed. He knew that Cas spent most of his time worrying about Heaven, and he really wished that the angel could at least relax a bit when he wasn’t there.
Cas had already caught onto the fact that flicking his wrist just right gave his grip the perfect twist to have Dean panting and precome dribbling from the head of his cock, and it had Dean gripping the bed sheets so tight he was surprised he didn’t hear fabric ripping. “Cas…” he groaned. “I’m gonna come.” And Dean wasn’t sure what he was expecting, but Cas replying to that with a moan of his own was
Halfway through the first episode, Dean realized he was no longer paying attention. All he could think about was how he was pleasantly full, in the process of getting pleasantly drunk, and was surrounded by the two people that meant the most to him. The Djinn juice was keeping the Mark silent, and while there was no sign of Crowley and Rowena, there was also no sign that they were up to no good. Dean was… happy. As happy as he could be with all the shit he’d been through, and all the other shit knocking on his door.
“Something entirely inappropriate.” Cas growled, and Dean laughed, thinking maybe he was right. Cas glared at him and shoved his cell phone in his trench coat pocket.
Dean reached into the inner pocket of his leather jacket and produced one of his fake FBI badges. “I’m Detective Morrison, and I actually have some questions about some of the violent deaths that happened not far from here.”
Castiel was a little nervous to see Claire, even though the last time he had seen her, it had been on good terms. Being around Castiel would never be a comfortable situation for her. Jimmy had been an amazing father right up until the time that he became a vessel, and now he was at peace, but Cas knew that wasn’t enough to erase all the pain and suffering that Claire had went through once her father left. Cas was thankful for Dean, who immediately picked up on his apprehension, and put him to work in the kitchen to distract him while Sam set up some spare bedrooms in case some of the women wanted to crash for the night.
“Alright, angel. Well, let’s go interrogate…” Dean looked down at his notes. “Mr. Anderson’s… husband.”
Cas hummed thoughtfully. “I’m not sure. I’m still uncertain on the best choice.” He had been fixated on a scuff on the coffee table, but finally turned to meet Dean’s eyes. “I don’t think it would be smart to let me grace completely diminish while you’re bearing the mark. I’m going to have to return to Heaven.”
It was nothing like Dean expected. It was kissing until both of them were breathless, and had to take a moment to breathe. It was awkward laughter. It was bumping foreheads, and tripping while trying to kick off boxers. It was piercing blue eyes searching hunter green ones, making sure every movement was comfortable. It was clumsy hands groping, and stubble burned skin. It was lazy, uncoordinated thrusting. It was
“If you wanted overtime, I’m sure Nora would give it to you. You don’t have to make the place a mess so you have to stick around and clean it up.” Kevin joked, going behind the register to clock in on the computer.
Rowena added the ingredients to her bowl slowly, her eyes scanning over the page in
“You expect me to sit there?” Rowena asked rhetorically, her lip curled up in disgust as the two demons holding her hauled her over to the table.
I've already used the Samulet as a Christmas gift trope in my Christmas one shot, but I just really love it. And it has significance later on. Well....kinda.
Castiel gave Sam a small, almost smile. “Thank you, Sam. But you know I do not require sleep.”
Dean wasn’t sure how long they had been in the car, but the longer they drove the more restless he became. He knew all of this was a long shot, and that there was the chance that Rowena had been telling the truth when she said she hadn’t read anything about removing the mark. But there was still that small chance that she knew a way to get rid of it, and that had Dean’s skin crawling with want. If they got rid of it, he could stop injecting Djinn essence and wouldn’t have to worry about how awesome it felt, or what dreams it was apparently going to make him have. He could just forget about all of this and pretend that every atom of his body wasn’t screaming at him to kiss his best friend.
“Dammit, Bobby! He’s my brother!” Dean’s fists slammed against the table, causing a pile of spell books to topple over and fall to the ground.
Ariel tensed, and started stirring her coffee again nervously even though she hadn’t added anything else to it. “Why would I know anything about the Mark of Cain?” She questioned.
He said had Sam. Thank god, well Jack, for that. Dean wished he could be a better big brother, because he knew Sam was hurting too. Sam had fallen head over heels for Eileen only to lose her, and he knew it hurt Sam to lose Cas too. Dean tried time and time again to offer some sort of consolation, but he fell short every time. How could he convince his little brother that everything was okay when it wasn't? He had to keep grinding. If not, Cas' sacrifice was for nothing. But he couldn't stop thinking about Cas, he couldn't stop thinking about how Cas had died without even knowing that he felt that the same, that he had felt the same for year after excruciating year. He raised the bottle to his lips again, but it was empty.
Dean’s eyes only widened further, his mouth opening and closing wordlessly a few times before he could finally speak. “I didn’t mean to- I mean I wasn’t trying to- Cas you have to believe me. I wasn’t trying to kill myself I just… I wanted…” Dean eyes dropped to his lap, unable to explain himself, his chest rising and falling in panic.
Dean smiled at Sam’s pathetic attempt to make him enthusiastic about the case. “So, what
But as Dean watched Cas, Sam was watching Dean, unable to hide the smile on his face. Sam has no idea what was going on between his brother and the angel. But there was obviously some untouched topic that the two of them. Sam had noticed it for years. He wished his brother would just grow a pair and apologize to Cas. Sam knew Dean well enough to know that when there was something on the older brother’s mind, it would eat away at him until he finally grabbed the bull by the horns. And Dean was obviously worried about Cas, and worried that Cas felt the need to go through all of his problems alone. Sam was hoping that maybe, just maybe, if Dean would actually bring all of this up to the angel, then everything could go back to normal, and this weird air between them would settle.
Castiel was distractedly flipping through television channels as Sam and Dean changed into their suits. His mouth was pressed into a thin line, and his eyebrows furrowed as he rested on Jerry Springer, seeming to be immediately taken by this particular episode of trash tv. Dean watched him as he buttoned up his shirt, curious as to what could possibly being going through that messy head of his.
Cas swallowed once more. “When I was under Naomi’s control, she trained me to kill you. In Heaven, she had me do it over and over again until I stopped hesitating. I stood in a room littered with copies of your dead body, and I felt nothing.” Cas’ voice cracked, and if Dean didn’t know any better he would say his eyes looked wet. “I never told you. I
He cheerfully took another sip of his beer. “I’m glad you like them, Dean. I like them as well.”
What he didn’t know, was that Castiel would give him a thousand more chances. A million more chances. And he wouldn’t stop there. He would never stop until Dean realized he was worthy of all the love the angel had to offer him.
. Totally ignore me for the dead bee, dude.”
“So…” He started slowly, wracking his brain for a thought on how to escape. “Turns out you two are mermaids. I have to admit, that was not where I thought this case was going.”
Dean was always pissed at Sam nowadays.
had heard from him. Why didn’t you say something earlier?”
I hope you guys are ready for a super fun shipper!Sam chapter. I have been planning this chapter for FOREVER, and at one point I was literally writing this fic around the upcoming chapter alone. It involves a character you guys probably never thought you'd see in this fic, cosplayers, a haunting, and Sam about to lose his mind over his dumb brother and dumb angel friend being hopelessly in love but unwilling to admit it.
sounds crazy coming out of my mouth. But have you seen the way he looks at you? He looks at you like you’re his everything. And I’ve seen Dean flirt, practically my whole life. His lips come a little too close to yours. His hands linger on you a little too long. You have to tell him.”
The cashier’s eyes widened at the sight of Dean, before his face relaxed and he looked at Dean in confusion with a slight tilt to his head before deadpanning “Beef Jerky is on aisle three, and I would need to know what brand of cigarettes you’re asking for.”
That was perhaps the scariest part of all, just how far Castiel knew he was willing to go for Dean. Even in that moment, he wanted to run to Dean, wanted them to make this decision together. But Dean was in no position to be making any decisions about his own well being when he had been injected Djinn magic to fight the mark. Castiel’s too-human stomach turned as he stared into his cup of black coffee. How had Dean thought that he had to go through this alone? What else was Dean not telling him?
Cas stopped before he reached the staircase, turning around so fast that Dean nearly bumped into him. “My colleagues-“ Dean snorted at the term. “-have tracked down the angel I’m looking for. I’m meeting her for coffee.”
“So get this, some teens have went missing in Bear Creek, North Carolina. Sounds like it might be our sort of thing.” Sam had been carrying his laptop and sat it down on the kitchen table.
“Case closed.” Dean sighed definitively. “Let’s get back to the resort.” He added, his arm rubbing the mark. “I would kill for a beer right now.”
“I’m fine.” Dean replied gruffly, and probably too loud. Castiel opened his mouth to say something else, but Dean interrupted him, changing the subject. “What’s up with helping us out on the case? Thought you had angel shit to do in Heaven.” Dean’s voice was a little harsher than he attended due to Cas’ observation, but he hoped he knew it was a joke.
Ricardo shrugged. “He didn’t look that pissed off until I started flirting with you.” He looked over his shoulder, back at Dean. “I’m not trying to cause issues, I’m just a flirt.”
“Just give him time.”
Hooking up with Daniel caused Dean to freak out, more than he had ever freaked out in his entire life, because he had
“Why not?”
“He doesn’t… he doesn’t feel that way about me, Sammy. Don’t… don’t make me second guess this.”
, it wasn’t your place-“
them.” Dean blurted out defensively. He could only imagine what the other fuckhead angels have said about Cas’ wings and he wanted to drench them in holy oil and light a match. “Your wings are… they’re gorgeous, Cas. And honestly, the other angels should realize what a fucking
“So...case closed?” Sam asked hopefully.
Dean bit his lip. This would be a good opportunity to fill up on pain meds for his first aid kit, he was running low after a particular bad case involving a werewolf a couple of weeks ago. But he had a feeling this guy was on a hell of a lot more than Vicodin. “Do you have anything for pain?” He asked carefully. He was a solid ninety-eight percent sure this guy wasn’t an undercover cop, but hunter’s instinct taught him to use caution in every decision he made.
Sam fixed him with a bored stare. “I have literally never heard you refer to Cassie as Cas, Dean.” He took a deep breath, pulling the puppy dog eyes out full force again. “You know, if you and Cas were like-“
Cas had gotten lost in thought, not realizing that Dean had left the stove and was standing in front of the table he was sitting at staring at him. “God, you’re so
“There’s nowhere else I would rather be.” Cas replied earnestly. Dean felt heat rise to his face. Cas was always saying stupid shit like that, it made him feel weird. Dean felt someone slide onto the bar stool to his left, and he turned to politely acknowledge the person. The guy nodded in greeting, waiting to order a drink.
okay with you watching me while I sleep.” He kept his voice down, glancing over at Sam who was asleep in his own bed a few feet away.
That night, Castiel found himself in one of the rooms that the Men of Letters had used to leisure activities. He had come across an old record player along with boxes upon boxes of records. He had originally began going through them to put them in alphabetical order just to give himself something to do but was reminded of when Dean had told him that he should listen to music sometimes. That was how Castiel ended up on the floor, listening to “Hey, Jude” by The Beatles. He remembered Dean speaking of his mother’s love for the band and was so entranced by it that he didn’t even notice Dean walk into the room. He knew he looked like a deer in headlights when Dean approached him, but the hunter didn’t draw any attention to it. He plopped down next to Castiel on the floor and listened to the song with him.
“I… don’t really know how to play without my grace.”
, you may remember me mentioning that I had submitted an application to be a volunteer for IMAlive all those months and months and months ago. I finally heard back from them, and received a scholarship through Random Acts since there was no way I could possibly afford the needed training since I lost my job. Now all I have to do is go through the training and the testing, get a background check, and be interviewed and I'll officially be a certified member of IMAlive! I'm so excited. Now if only I would hear back from employers as well.
“Yeah? What’s your poison?”
“Well, lucky for us, I’ve been playing pool since before I was old enough to even get in bars. I’ll teach you. Just no cheating, okay?” Dean replied confidently.
“Crowley, sir, we found her!” David exclaimed, his stride confident, his head held high.
“Oh god, shut up.” Sam whined. “How’s Bobby?”
pretty badass when it came to combat. “Okay, whatever. Now why do you think we have a lead on the witch bitch?”
After the autograph session was over, Charlie seemed to have trouble focusing. She let them know that she could feel her grip on earth slipping, that it was time to return to Heaven. Cas said she only had a few minutes left before the angels would pull her back. They went outside the convention center away from the crowds to have some privacy. Goodbyes were heartbreaking, and Sam tried to focus on the fact that at least this time, he got to say goodbye. When Charlie hugged Cas goodbye, she teased him about how cute his and Dean’s matching costumes were and praised him for ‘fixing’ Heaven, because she didn’t feel like she would have been able to return to earth if he wouldn’t have.
That’s how Sam had replied when Dean finally caved and voiced his concerns about Cas. The smile that Sam offered him didn’t quite reach his eyes, and Dean knew his brother was trying to convince both of them equally. Dean had given Cas plenty of time, and space too. But a week after his rescue from Magnus, the angel was still holed up in his room in the bunker. He mostly slept, and that was absolutely terrifying because Dean couldn’t recall a single time that Cas needed sleep unless something was very wrong. His injuries were healing, but the process was slow, almost as if he were human. At least the injuries that Dean could see. As soon as they were far enough from the magic, Cas’ wings had immediately flared out, knocking Dean back, and when he blinked, Cas was fully dressed in his tax accountant get up and his wings were tucked back in what ever angelic dimension they hung out in. His stomach turned at the thought of how badly they had been hurt.
(See the end of the chapter for
Unlike Sam and Dean’s rooms, his was still a replica of all the other standard bunker rooms in the sense that he had still not made it “his own”. The only thing that made it his, and his alone, was the coat rack in the corner that Dean had given him, and more recently a tiny plastic angel sitting on the dresser. Its purpose had been to perch on the small, desk Christmas tree that Sam had acquired. Castiel thought it to be slightly offensive, and Sam hadn’t placed it atop the tree, but when it had been time to pack up the Christmas decorations, Dean had nabbed it and given it to Castiel as a joke. Castiel didn’t understand why it was so funny, especially since the angel was holding a harp, but Dean’s bright smile and amused eyes were more than enough to convince him to accept the gift. Especially when Dean had kept one of his feathers as a gift of his own. It was a thought that caused warmth to spread through Castiel’s entire being. Dean may not be aware of how intimate of a choice it had been for him to keep the feather, but Castiel knew it was, and had selfishly chosen not to correct the hunter. Dean wanting to keep a piece of him was a gentle reminder that maybe the hunter meant it when he said he wanted Castiel around.
“The true story behind Thanksgiving is very unfortunate. I like that humans participate in tradition, though the traditions often lose their meaning over time. It seems to make them happy.”
Cas hummed. “I did. At first, I prayed to God. But I can’t remember the last time he answered anyone’s prayers.”
They chatted until the entire pizza was gone, and long after. Cas loved how Dean actually listened when he spoke, and gave sincere input showing that he not only listened, but paid attention. Dean continued to flirt with him throughout their dinner, and it always made Cas smile when Dean looked surprised if Cas flirted back. It was the first time that Cas had a good time with someone in a very long time.
“Why me?” Dean asked, his voice barely above a whisper. He knew it was dumb, but there was a part of him that was beginning to feel hopeful that maybe this
“Yeah, well, give it a week or so and this town will probably be covered in snow.” Dean responded, taking a hand out of his jacket to wipe his freezing nose.
Castiel wasn’t sure what to write. There were plenty of areas that he knew he could improve in, plenty of wishes for the new year that would make sense to be a part of his New Year’s resolutions. He glanced up at Sam, who was already writing away diligently, and then over to Dean who seemed nervous. Castiel worried about him. Dean was probably obsessing over things he could change about himself, while Castiel would never want to change a thing about the hunter. Castiel started his list, trying to base the length of it on Sam’s so that his wouldn’t be too long or too short. He kept catching Dean looking at him out of the corner of his eye.
“So, that’s it, huh? The neighbors hot?” Sam crooned teasingly, his eyes full of mirth.
“Guess not. I’m just kinda tired of getting eye fucked by the local guys.” Dean looked over at Cas, momentarily getting lost in how blue they were.
“I’m not being ‘weird and avoidant’.” Dean snapped. “He’s just off doing angel shit with Ariel and he’s all secretive about it, so I don’t know what the fuck to tell you.” His jaw clenched, but he saw an opening and he took it. “Why are you so concerned about me and Cas anyway? I feel like I should be asking you questions about this Eileen chick. You’ve been hunting with her a lot.” Dean finally took his eyes off the road and was shocked to see a blush painting his brother’s face. He was mostly just being a dick, he didn’t realize his comment may have hit home.
. The hunter was so comfortable, inhaling the scent deeply, reveling in the way that it felt to be pressed against the other body… especially certain parts of him. He was almost painfully hard, his jeans constricting his erection from where he had fallen asleep in them the night before. But whenever his hips would move, his hard cock would rub up against the other person. He did it again, and it pulled a small moan from his lips.
, and though he hated to admit it, Cas was right…they did share a profound bound.
“I’ll go check the algorithm I have set up. We just have to find Rowena, right? She was able to reset the mark once, maybe she can do it again.” Sam pushed his hair out of his face and exited the dungeon in a whirl of flannel before Dean or Cas could respond.
That’s how Castiel had learned that unrequited love was possibly the most painful human emotion he could possibly experience.
He hopped out of bed and grabbed his dead-guy robe, not bothering to throw on any clothes. He was just making breakfast and could change if a case came up. He found himself whistling on the way to the kitchen, because while he may not have found a cure for the Mark, he was pretty sure he had found a close second. Not that Cas or Sammy needed to know that.
Dean didn’t realize that Cas had taken his shirt off and also hung it on the coat rack until he realized Cas was staring at him expectantly. Dean swallowed dryly and forced his eyes not to roam his best friend’s bare chest. “Am I going to be able to look at them? Your wings?” He asked stupidly, thinking about Cas’ true form and how it could burn someone’s eyes out in a matter of seconds.
“Yeah, weird is kinda our thing. You wanna elaborate?”
Ariel looked pale, but then her expression softened to something warm and knowing. It made Castiel want to squirm. “You couldn’t kill the real Dean. Despite all the brainwashing and training, you couldn’t do it.” Castiel shook his head grimly, his thoughts still dark as he considered the regret that he would never be able to let go if he had killed Dean. “We’ll save him, Castiel.” She said firmly.
Castiel thought for a moment. “Perhaps. I’m not entirely sure either way. It could be that my lingering grace in the feather was able to help you, or it could just be that the comfort you received from it as helping. It could be neither. It could just be that… the mark is still picking up momentum after I brought you back.” Dean just nodded and sighed, looking a little disappointed. Castiel would give anything to remove the mark, to no longer have Dean carrying this burden. But they were feeling around in the dark blindly when it came to the mark.
When he finally realized that he had the time to start on a garden of his own, his week was supposed to get better. He had made the trip to Lowe’s in record time, even though he had been driving gingerly on the way back to keep dirt from getting in his baby’s backseat. He didn’t have all the things he wanted for the garden, but it was a start. Lowe’s hadn’t had the biggest variety of flowers, and it was nothing too fancy, but the purple coneflowers, black-eyed Susans, dahlias, and peonies would do for now. He even threw in some giant blue hyssops. Eileen had told him that
Sam had a hard time not getting distracted. He had to keep reminding himself that he was here for a case, not to flip through Star Trek memorabilia or Doctor Who posters. It was also distracting that so many other people cosplaying wanted to take selfies with him, many of which were cute women around his age. He made his way through the convention center the best he could, and over an hour later he still hadn’t made a dent in the size of the convention or seen anything Harry Potter related.
But then Castiel fell. And experiencing the contact as a human changed something in him. Kissing April had awoken something within him that he hadn’t experienced as an angel, and even if they wouldn’t have had intercourse, Cas was still sure that it would have changed his perspective of touch. It was comfort like he had have known before, and he fully realized it the first time Dean had touched him as a human. All it had been was a firm touch to his knee as Cas regained consciousness after a Gadreel-possessed Sam brought him back to life. But the feeling of the contact had been so reassuring, so intoxicating that Cas found himself craving it even though he was now an angel again.
Sam choked out a thank you between laughter. This made Dean start laughing too, and he grabbed Cas’ shoulder to keep from toppling over at just how
Vera laughed, causing him to smile. “You are good. I’m just better.” She winked and got her ball in no problem. Dean’s ego was only hurt a little, until she got the next ball in, followed by the 8 ball, and then bowed grandly with a grin on her face. Dean put on a fake, dramatic pout that made her giggle. She came over to him, patting him on the hand. “There, there.” She said, not at all condescending. “There’s one more stop I want to make.” A huge grin spread across her face.
“Give me the keys.” Dean ordered. Did Sam really think he was going to come into
When it was time for Sam to say goodbye, he approached Charlie hesitantly. “Listen, Charlie…I’m sorry. I never should have given you the
find a way to remove the Mark of Cain in this damned book, you would never actually use it against the Winchesters. You care-“ she nose scrunched up in disgust at the word. “-about them too much.”
“I don’t think he assumed you were going to give him fellatio, Dean.” Cas deadpanned.
At first it had been nice. Dean and Sam never really had time to relax, and being able to kick back and watch Netflix and research the Mark of Cain had been a nice change of pace… for a while. After about the third day, Dean was losing his mind. He was beyond suspicious that things had been so quiet, the mark included. Sam had said that Rowena made sure to explain that the spell she used would only keep the mark calm temporarily, but Dean couldn't help but wonder at what cost. He could already feel the affects lesson with each passing day. His fingers were itching to curl around a gun, or a knife, or
Dean forced a smile. “I’ll be fine.” He muttered.
Dean had planned out the proposal in a million different ways, a million different times. None of them ever felt right. The result was Dean keeping the ring in his pocket at all times. He figured that maybe when the moment came, he would just know. There wouldn’t need to be reservations or planning, it would just
“You wings.” Dean repeated. “I wasn’t expecting them to pop out like that.”
Dean just laughed. Out of everyone in the world, he had fallen in love with the most oblivious angel in the world. So, he did something to say what words never could. He kissed him. He kissed him to make up for every time he never did, for every time he almost did. He kissed him like Cas' lips were the air his lungs needed to breathe, and everything fell into place. Everything was worth it. Hell, Heaven, purgatory. All of it was worth it. Cas was worth it.
“Yeah, I can tell. Same here.” The man shrugged. “I’m Ross.” He added, holding out his cigarette-free hand. Dean shook it, introducing himself.
“We do.” Dean replied, pulling into a parking spot and putting the Impala in park. “But we need pie.”
“I’m Dean.” Dean offered his hand for a firm handshake before gesturing to Cas on the other side of the table. “That’s Cas.”
Dean nodded, and offered his arm to Cas, but the angel didn’t touch him. He scrambled to his feet on his own. “I’m gonna have to help you walk.” Dean said softly, but Cas ignored him. Dean looked over at Sam desperately, but Sam shrugged sadly. “Cas… let me help you.” Dean begged. Cas narrowed his eyes in distrust. “Here…” Dean took off his jacket and then his flannel. “You gotta be cold right? I don’t know where that bastard put your clothes.” When Cas just stared at him Dean turned bright red. “Right. Your wings. Uh…” He pulled a plain, basic pocket knife from his jeans and cut to large slits in the back of his flannel. He offered it to Cas cautiously, and shockingly, the angel accepted it. He put the flannel on, wincing when the fabric touched any of his various wounds. He started on the buttons and lost his balance, which immediately triggered Dean to react and catch him, grabbing his shoulders to steady him. Cas jerked away wildly, his wings beating frantically while Sam just watched helplessly. “Cas, stop you’re going to hurt yourself.” Dean growled, inching back a little to keep from getting a face full of feathers. Dean removed his hands and brought them to Cas’ face, gingerly cupping the angel’s jaw and smoothing his thumbs over the stubbled skin there.
The angel tilted his head slightly, his expression changing like something had just dawned on him. “You should be sleeping as well.” Dean shrugged slightly, distracting himself by pouring yet another glass of whiskey. As if wasn’t already in Dean’s personal space, Cas took a step forward. “Your eyes… they’re red. You’re upset.”
Sam looked at him sympathetically. “I hope so.” He took a sip of his latte and sat his tablet down, no doubt looking for a hunt. “How did they get you back there, man? How did you not know that the guy from the bar was a vampire?”
This chapter was proof that any excuse is a good excuse to rewatch the episode “Heaven Can’t Wait”.
that’s not with me.”
Dean kept catching glimpses of the demon doing her rounds in the window he could see from the bushes. It was his and Sam’s current hiding spot. The program that Sam had used brought them to this exact location, and after seeing some sigils painted on a near by tree trunk, they both knew they were at the right place. Another few minutes and the demon would once again pass where they were hidden, and it couldn’t come soon enough. Cas was in there, and Dean knew, he just
Sam finally looked up at him and shrugged. “He mentioned he missed how food tasted when he was a human, and he seems pretty bummed with heaven lately. You’re fixing three steaks. With all this other food we have, did you really plan on eating two yourself?”
about Castiel. Once again the angel was willing to choose him over Heaven, and that drove a part of Dean completely crazy.
“Uh, I’ll probably need you to lie down to get the back of wings. If you’re on the bed, you should be able to spread your wings out a little more.” Dean muttered. Cas obliged immediately, tucking in his wings temporarily so that he could lie down on his stomach on the bed. Dean cursed himself for once again not thinking shit through, because literally the only position that made sense for him to reach all the feathers was if he straddled Cas’ hips. So, he did. And had never felt more lightheaded in his entire life.
The candles provided just enough light to illuminate their ‘playing board’. They had created a pentagram using duct tape and placed a candle on each point. In the middle of the pentagram was the most important part of the challenge. A piece of paper was placed in the dead center, with a cross drawn in the middle. The upper left corner of the cross and the lower right corner both had the word ‘yes’ written, while the upper right and lower left corner had the word ‘no’ written. One pencil was placed perfectly along the horizontal line of the cross while the other pencil was balanced on top of it, perfectly along the vertical line of the cross. It was time for the game to begin.
knew he was in love, he was afraid that one wrong move would reveal that to Sam or Cas, and that’s the last thing he needed.
pissy earlier, but it had nothing to do with Dean…right? He was probably just annoyed that he couldn’t wear his trench coat, or because they hadn’t made any progress on the case. “I’m going to go.” He finally responded, checking his pockets for his phone and wallet and grabbing his keys off the coffee table.
“Oh, this one is quite pretty…” She crooned. Her cold, barely-there hand caressed Dean’s face, causing him to shiver. He fumbled with his shotgun, trying to aim it at such a close range. “It’s a shame, really. You could have any girl you wanted.” Dean froze.
, the tight, crushing feeling in his chest wasn’t going away despite the sudden onslaught of endorphins making him high. His heart was beating against he chest painfully and he couldn’t breathe. At first, he thought he was just having another panic attack, because he had been having a damn near embarrassing amount of those lately since the Djinn juice had become a crutch and he had a hard time coping without it. But something felt off. Felt
Sam laughed again. “Dean is upset because this case is taking place in the middle of a gay pride parade, and he keeps getting hit on by dudes, Cas.” Castiel looked over at Sam, and then looked down at the able, deep in thought.
“Yeah, well, demons are cocky bastards. They don’t really try to hide the way witches do. What does this have to do with Rowena?”
“…did I wake you up? It’s noon.”
“Yes.” Cas responded tightly.
Vera just smirked, her bra finally unlatching. She slid it off, tossing it to the side. She slid her underwear off next and sat on the edge of the boat kicking her feet out over the edge so that her feet dangled less that a foot above the lapping waves. “C’mon, Dean. You gotta learn to live a little.” She hopped off the edge of the boat and Dean immediately peered over the edge worriedly.
Sam took his seat across from them and stared at his food for a moment. “When I was in the shower, I almost slipped on something. When I looked down, I saw this.” He reached in the chest pocket of his plaid shirt and pulled out a single black feather, smaller than the one Dean had found awhile back. Dean looked over at Cas and the angel’s eyes were huge. Just like before, Cas immediately reached over and snatched the feather out of Sam’s hand, glaring at it before shoving it in his trench coat pocket. Sam looked at him in shock but then plastered on his best puppy dog eyes. “Are you okay? You’ve been hanging out with us for years and I’ve never seen any feathers lying around.”
“Yeah. Do that.” Dean breathed. Cas raised his index and middle finger, placing them to Dean’s temple. “Whoa, what are you doing?” Dean asked, jerking away uncertainly.
“Molly asked if we were here for the parade, and I had no idea what she was talking about. Based on that pride flag over there, I think it’s safe to say that it’s a gay pride parade.” Sam snickered.
“Yeah, you’re right.” Dean dropped his jeans and let them pool at his feet, trying to ignore that Cas’ eyes tracked the movement. He knew he needed to brush his teeth, but he was honestly too tired and the cheap, warm bed was calling his name. He slid underneath the covers with a pleased sigh and knew that come morning he would miss his memory foam mattress, but at least it was warm enough. “‘M just tired.” He mumbled, snuggling into the lumpy, stale pillow. Dean turned off the bedside lamp, but before he did, he caught a faint hint of a smile on Castiel’s lips.
Dean snorted. “No, thank god. I don’t want to move anyone else in this house with all the issues it’s having. It’s a safety hazard at this point.” Cas tilted his head slightly, and Dean’s eyes grew wide. He realized Cas was trying to find out if he was dating someone. “I’m uh, actually not dating anyone.” Cas was now looking at him thoughtfully, and Dean decided to sprinkle a little extra information on top. “No women have really caught my interest lately. Or men.” Cas smiled, and that’s when Dean realized he was fucked. It wasn’t just a smile that made his eyes sparkle, it was a smile that lit up his whole face. Castiel was smart and kind and thoughtful. He was funny despite being awkward and had listened to Dean rant about the Impala for almost fifteen minutes even though he clearly didn’t care about cars. He was passionate and open minded and liked Dean’s cooking. He was somehow both handsome
Sam looked at him quizzically. “Since when do you need to shower again?”
Dean choked on his food. He coughed and chugged half his beer before being able to completely clear his throat. Sam shot him his best bitch face before responding to Cas. “Really? You know you can stay here, right?”
is!” Cas glanced over at Dean and looked conflicted.
Sam raised his eyebrows at her. He had no clue what she was talking about, but it seemed like a good excuse to grab on to in order to ask her questions about the case. “Uh, yeah, we are. How did you know?” He asked shooting her his best smile.
It didn’t take long before Sam had drawn the yes and no on the board two times and drew the axis. He went to track down Dean and Cas, so they could find somewhere to summon the spirit. He couldn’t find them, and when he tried to call Dean, his cell phone rang until it went to voicemail and Sam figured it was because it was too loud in the convention center for Dean to hear it. He kept his phone out and did some research on the game to see if they really needed candles and a pentagram. Tired of waiting on his brother and Cas, Sam found an unoccupied storage room and picked the lock. He sat the paper down on the floor and placed the pencils on its axis. He found an iron drainage pipe in the storage room and decided to see if he could summon the spirit himself, sitting down in front of the setup on the floor. It was probably a dumb idea, but he didn’t feel like this spirit was malevolent. Charlie could have easily stabbed Bethany had he really wanted to, but instead the pencil had just gone through the wall. Emma Watson hadn’t been harmed either. Sam didn’t have a gun loaded with any salt rounds, but there was some salt and a lighter in one of the pockets on Cas’ costume, and he figured with the iron pipe he could handle it until Dean called him back.
“Then stay here.” Cas whispered, but his voice was distorted, and the edges of Dean’s vision was starting to blur. He was waking up. Either he hadn’t injected quite enough or being experienced in waking up from a Djinn dream was benefiting him.
“And now I can’t get him to take it off.” Dean muttered fondly.
ever get stung?”
“You shouldn’t feel guilty, Cas. You’re allowed to enjoy yourself from time to time, even if you’ve screwed up. We’ve all screwed up. You’re no exception just because you got wings.” Dean glanced over at Cas, and the angel didn’t look convinced in the least bit. He sighed deeply. “Listen…I'll always be a hunter. It'll always be my priority. But I still enjoy being with you. I don’t have to feel guilty just because I have fun kicking back from time to time. And you’ve done enough for the angels and Heaven. Hell, you’ve done more than your own father.” Cas shot dean a narrow eyed look because of his blasphemy. Dean smiled back at him sheepishly. “C’mon, Cas. Don’t worry about Heaven right now.”
Dean nearly fell out of his chair because he sat up so fast. Who says they’re leaving like that? Where was he going? For how long? “Whoa, slow down, buddy. Where you headed?” He asked, standing up and following Cas. He internally cringed slightly, the word clingy infiltrating his thoughts like a bright neon sign.
“Thank you for the sentiment, Dean. But Heaven needs me. After all I’ve done, cleaning up my mess is the least I could do.” Dean forced a smile at him, still wishing he would stay. “I’ll check in about the case.” Just like that, Cas turned on his heel and made his way to the door and out of the bunker. Dean scowled. He couldn't even flap out of the bunker and still managed to abruptly leave.
Cas rolled his eyes, like what Dean was asking him was completely absurd. Dean wondered where the angel had picked up that trait, and cursed Sam, thinking it was probably him. “What were you doing?” Cas asked curiously.
After nearly 20 minutes of rolling around, still not sleeping, Sam decided to get up and grab a glass of water. He made his way to the kitchen groggily, rolling his eyes when he passed Dean’s room and heard soft snoring coming from underneath the door. Sam didn’t pass Cas the entire way to the kitchen, but he wasn’t surprised. He poured a glass of water and chugged the whole thing before filling the glass again. He really didn’t know how Dean did it, he was the younger one and he was still struggling with drinking like he used to. Dean drank like a fish and as long as he had at least three cups of coffee the next day, he was good to go.
for you to decide to stop by!”
Sam was more than okay after a couple of days, his recovering only put on hold momentarily while Dean and Cas investigated what they thought was a werewolf case. It turned out to just be a wild dog, and they tipped animal control off before heading back to the bunker. Dean was still making Sam take it easy, but regardless still found Sam pulling late nights in the library, up to his eyeballs in research. Cas was often with him, and on a good night, Dean would join them. He still felt like it was a waste of time, because it wasn’t like a new book that they hadn’t read was going to magically appear with a crimeless cure for the mark. Too many times during research he was starting to find himself getting distracted by how Castiel’s brow furrowed as he read, or how his fingers curled around a book while he held it.
Castiel smiled wryly. “Not yet. But I want to be.” They held eye contact, having an entire conversation with their eyes. Dean was arguing that Castiel was a better friend than he was giving himself credit for, and Castiel was arguing that he still had a way to go.
As it turned out, Dean didn’t need to worry about
“For being my clarity. I am… still becoming accustomed to certain emotions. I know what they are but don't always know how they feel. But you? You’re the epitome of emotion, of humanity. And I can always count on you to be my clarity.”
that could gank a creature that went bump in the night.
” Castiel bit out, instinctually reaching his hands for Magnus’ throat for them only to fall short because of his bindings. Natasha was shifting her weight from foot to foot nervously. Magnus just grinned and tapped Castiel on the tip of his nose condescendingly.
know what you’re doing. But-“
Dean sank back onto the stiff, unpleasant hotel bed. He was numb, and it was beautiful. It was like “Comfortably Numb” by Pink Floyd made perfect sense. His mind wasn’t racing with a million negative thoughts, his eyes were no longer leaking tears, his chest no longer heaved, gasping in air that didn’t seem to help at all. Dean felt warm, and euphoric, and completely relaxed for the first time since he was a child. Maybe for the first time
"People that were alive prior to Chuck making them vanish were easier. Anyone that had died before then... it was more complicated than I thought. Getting Castiel out of The Empty was particularly hard-"
Olivia shrugged. “She refused to get out of the photo op line for Chris Pine.” Olivia laughed, a tinkling little thing that Dean wasn’t amused by. “She said you could come find her, that she didn’t almost get attacked by a ghost to
Dean was fully expecting the whole dinner to be awkward and forced, but it wasn’t. Not in the least bit. Dean learned that Cas loved his job (clearly), came from a big family, and had done a lot of traveling in the past. He also learned that Cas lived alone, was single (score!), and that his hatred towards him earlier was completely underserved. Eileen had been completely right for calling Dean out on his bullshit.
Dean rested his elbows on the table and dropped his face to his hands. “Sam, can we not do this right now?” He thought worrying about Cas had always been bad. He’s seen the guy
“The dude knew everything there was to know about vamps, Sammy.” Dean argued. “I think he knows what he’s doing.” Sam just shrugged as Dean dialed Seb’s number.
“Try not to blame yourself too much, Dean.” Castiel responded, keeping his tone even and looking out the window instead of at Dean. “You were obviously
“…Something like that, yes.” Cas said, tilting his head as if that would make him understand Dean better.
Cas huffed out his own little laugh. “I suppose you’re right. I’ve missed you, Dean.”
why Dean had leaned in last night, and even if he didn’t, how could he look him in the eyes after a dream like that? He unburied his face to yell at Sam. “Dude, I said I don’t feel good. Get out of my room.” Dean had been right. He was greeted by the concerned puppy look.
“You don’t need to apologize, Dean. You haven’t done anything.”
“Do you remember what I said to you?”
“The other angels… they don’t approve of the relationship I have with you.” Dean smirked and snorted at the way Cas worded the sentence, but when he finally looked up and their eyes might, Dean’s smile faltered. “They think you and your brother are bad influences, and they’re especially disproving of you. They think you cloud my judgement, and cause me to make decisions that make me less of an angel.”
. At least we know there is a spell now, so we’re not on a wild goose chase with that. Maybe we can figure out how to do the spell without an archangel, or maybe there’s another one.” He forced a smile. Ever since Sam had brought up hunting, the mark was irritated. It went from burning to itching and had started a soft chant in the back of his head trying to convince him to kill something. It was still at the stage where it was easily ignored, and so that’s exactly what Dean planned to do. Sam gave him a sad, pitiful look, and if Dean wasn’t adamant about the cage staying sealed, the puppy eyes might have actually worked on him. Cas was just watching him sadly. “In the meantime, I know a new episode of
hovering over me-“ He stopped speaking when he realized how hard Dean was trying not to laugh.
Mrs. Brayden dabbed the tears from her eyes as she talked about her son Adam. It was times like this that Dean wished Sam were here. He had mastered being the empathetic one in their duo, and Dean had no idea how to properly console her. At least he was trying, when Dean looked over at Cas, the angel had his head tilted and was just staring at her in confusion. They were sitting on the couch opposite of her in her living room, watching as she grabbed one tissue after another from the tissue box on the coffee table separating them.
in Cas’ eyes like Dean had never seen before, and being on the receiving end of it had his stomach flipping as an embarrassing whine escaped his lips.
“No, I
Crowley and Rowena both turned to face the painted sigil on the floor a few yards away from them. It’s round shape and symbols were now glowing in the same shade of purple, gradually getting brighter and brighter until they both had to shield their eyes. When they blinked the stars from their vision, Cuthbert Sinclair was standing in the middle of the sigil, looking around curiously.
“An angel?” Magnus asked in awe.
“I don’t want you to stop.” Dean’s voice was low but soft, and he inwardly cringed at the undertone of begging to it. “I want this.” He added, firmer. And he did. He wanted it so bad that his hands were shaking and his thoughts were humming and he was pretty sure that if he didn’t calm down, he could get off on them kissing alone. That comment earned Dean a smile, one of the ones that was real and broad that made him weak in the knees. Dean was so fucked. He was so in love with Cas. Completely and irrevocably. And Cas was looking at him like he was the entire world even though he had seen the entire world be created, and it was almost too much. Dean swallowed hard, satisfying the slight prickling in his eyes. He expected Cas to start kissing him again, but Cas didn’t. He continued to search Dean’s face, still looking for that out. But Dean wasn’t taking it. After years of them toeing at this line, there was no fucking way Dean was taking it. Dean knew he was a coward sometimes, and he knew he was stubborn more often than that, but there wasn’t a chance in Hell that he wanted out of this. He leaned up, bringing their lips together again, unable to fight a small smile of his own when Cas sighed into it. Cas sagged against him, his weight reassuring and satisfying. Dean knew it was cheesy and that he needed to slow his roll, but he could barely breathe with how
on sitting right next to Dean on the couch. Every. Single. Time. He also always insisted that Dean make popcorn, and so Dean had to deal with seeing Cas suck and lick butter off his fingers during every single movie. Not that the distraction really mattered, because when he wasn’t distracting Dean with his obscene sucking noises, he was distracting Dean with questions, or commenting just how fictitious the movies were (“Cas, it’s just a movie. It doesn’t
Dean almost laughed at Castiel picking up on his terminology, but the solemn look on Cas’ face suddenly had him worried. “Cas… what happened?” He asked softly. He took a step toward him, ignoring his own personal space rule. They were standing much closer than most people would have been comfortable with, but Cas wasn’t a person, and something about this wasn’t sitting right with Dean.
“I guess we should start to do some research on Quantico.” Sam huffed, pulling Dean from his thoughts.
Sam snorted, moving out of the way so that someone could get past them. “I thought you said you read the books.” He teased. “Does Dean really seem like the type to go for it? And Cas… I don’t even know how he feels, so I doubt Dean does, and Dean would never even think about making a move if he wasn’t convinced it was a sure thing.”
Dean was a little tipsy. He didn’t plan on getting drunk by any means, but conversation was flowing easily with Cas and he just felt
, but the Mark was screaming over his attempts.
Dean was jolted from his thoughts by the Impala being put in park. He leaned forward to look through the windshield to see that they were parked in front of his favorite diner not far from Lebanon. They had the best bacon cheeseburgers and surprisingly had at least three beers on tap, a rarity when it came to diners. It had always reminded Dean a little of Ellen and Jo’s Roadhouse, if the Roadhouse had a baby with a diner that couldn’t quite let go of the 50’s style vibe. The diner itself was mostly up to date but still had the ugly checkerboard floors and worn pastel colored booths.
Dean groaned, shooting Cas a bothered look. “If you keep bad mouthing my show, I’m kicking you out.”
I had to do a ton of research on rusalki for this chapter, and it was actually a lot of fun. I wanted to use a creature that hadn't yet been used in the show, but had enough vague lore to be able to put my twist on it.
. Older than time and infinitely powerful. He had seen all the universe had to offer, and he was
Also, I'm still in the process of replying to comments on my Cockles fic, so please be patient with me!
, Dean. I have to go see her."
“Mrs. Brayden, did your son have any enemies? Was there anyone that might want to hurt him?” Dean asked.
him. Dean was
Sam’s smirk split into a full-on grin. “Look up.”
“How are we even related?” Sam laughed humorlessly. “What, you think his little attitude in the car earlier today was because he didn’t like the heat? It was because you were openly flirting with Vera, Dean. Get you head out of your ass for once.”
Violet giggled like she had just been told a scandalous secret. Dean vowed to himself to chop her head off first.
Plot twist: the homophobic ghost in this chapter was actually the writers Buckleming for the show.
Sam just shrugged again, yawning. “It’s kinda late.” He said, looking thoroughly pleased with himself. “Dark too. You might just want to try and find them in the morning.” He gave Dean a toothy grin and patted him on the shoulder before walking back inside.
“No problem.” Sam replied, turning his back to hide his own smile, and putting some tourist pamphlets on the small round table in the room.
But none of that was true, because none of this was real. This wasn’t Dean’s reality. He didn’t get these things, no matter how hard he fought for them. Staying here would be simple. It would be easy. But this just wasn’t his life. It wasn’t his Cas.
coffee, and he knew that Cas must be around the bunker somewhere since it was waiting on him and Sam had been on his soy latte kick. He turned to face his brother and leaned his hip against the kitchen counter. He took a deep breath and schooled his face to something more serious. “Listen, Sam-“
Cas didn’t laugh. Well, he did. But it was rare, it didn’t have this ease or familiarity to it. “Good morning to you too.” Cas said to Dean’s fucking boner, like life was some fucked up episode of
Towards the end of his shift, the slushee machine ran out. He hated changing it. No matter how careful he was, his hands always ended up sticky and the smell of the sugary blue liquid was sickly sweet. Cas could have just clocked out and left it for the next shift, but Cas was trying to be a good employee. He had moved to Lawrence with no plan and very little on his resume, and Nora had taken a chance on him and was impressed with his worth ethic. Seeing as he didn’t think he would even land a job so quickly, he wanted to keep her impression of him, and decided to change the machine before leaving. Despite the tacky feeling on his hands and the overbearing scent of sugar and other ingredients probably not even approved by the FDA, it wasn’t too bad until the Gas-N-Sip phone rang, causing him to jump. His hands slipped, and the liquid poured all over the floor as the bell to the front door chimed, announcing Kevin’s arrival to clock in for his shift.
"Cas just... just shut up for a second." Dean interrupted, putting his hand on Cas' shoulder. "I know...I know I sorta froze up back there. I wanted you to stop talking back there, but not because I didn't want to hear what you had to say. I did, just... not like that. I didn't want you to tell me you loved me only to leave me, only to have to lose you
Two of the girls were willing to return, Mia and Olivia, but their friend Bethany was not. Olivia was immediately smitten with Dean, and batted her long, fake eyelashes at him with a coy smirk on her lips. Sam expected Dean to fall right into the trap. Olivia was young and pretty, completely dolled up, and was clearly interested in Dean. Dean didn’t really show any interest to Sam’s surprise. He ignored her and started asking her about the haunting and was clearly a little frustrated when none of the questions or answers were bringing them closer to solving the case. Sam was so amused he was having a hard time asking his own questions to Mia.
Dean swallowed hard and picked up the pan to toss the now ruined piece of toast so that he could start over with honey. Sam had been… low-pressure since Cas got back. Dean had caught the look on his face numerous times where he was sure Sam was going to ask what was going on between them and why Dean was toeing the line, but he never did. He had his accusations that something had happened before finding out about Magnus, and he had definitely seen Dean completely nuzzle into Cas’ hair and kiss his temple when they finally found him, and yet here he was, keeping his mouth shut and just… letting Dean be.
.” Sam muttered ‘nerd’ under his breath but covered it with a cough. Dean either didn’t hear him or didn’t acknowledge it and turned his attention to Noah. “So, uh, what’s the line up like at the convention?”
Castiel wondered how odd it was for Dean. Nudity meant nothing to an angel, and if anything, clothing was an inconvenience. He knew that humans often didn’t feel the same way, and that Dean probably felt incredibly awkward having his best friend crawl in the same bed as him, only clothed in boxers. Castiel could see the barely-there, scarred imprint of his hand on Dean’s upper arm, and he swallowed reflexively at how it was a reminder of just how bad he wanted to touch Dean. They had touched plenty in all the years Castiel had spent on earth after rescuing him from Hell, but nothing would ever compare to how it had felt to touch Dean’s
Crowley schooled his facial features even though Rowena’s words rang true. He wasn’t surprised when Sam had tried to kill him. Sam would do anything to save Dean, just as Dean would do anything to save Sam. Their unhealthy codependency was something that he had long sense figured out.
“There’s no possible way that doctor would be able to tell the patient had lupus from that test. It’s scientifically impossible.” He grumbled, crossing his arms across his chest.
The scene in the "hippie store" was not a jab at vegans for refusing to use honey. I'm actually a major animal rights activist and don't eat meat myself. I'm just very fond of bees and beekeeping, and fully support anything that's helping keep the population of them at a steady incline until they're no longer in threat of endangerment. Speaking of which, can you believe you can get an actual
“Did you want to?”
“Oh, can it.” Claire replied rolling her eyes. “Everyone my age texts this much.”
A grumpy looking older gentleman in a worn out trucker hat hopped out of the truck. He scratched at his beard and took one look at Cas’ car, smiling in amusement before turning to look at Cas. “You must be the “buddy” Dean’s helping out. I’m Robert Singer of Singer’s Auto Repair.” He held out his hand and Cas shook it firmly. “You can call me Bobby.” He gestured to Dean with his thumb. “This idjit does. What seems to be the problem?”
“Okay, I get it. This place is… a little out of our price range. But this is where the last victim disappeared from, so we at least need to go in and ask some questions.” Sam stated firmly, reaching into his suit jacket to make sure his fake idea badge was in place. Dean agreed got out of the car, noticing the ‘no vacancy’ buzzing a few yards away. He begrudgingly handed over his keys to the valet.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Let’s just hurry up and get back. It’s getting really dark out there.” Sam replied, looking out the window nervously.
Dean was asked, confused. His eyes scanned all the dots for demonic activity and his fists clenched and unclenched in his lap and the mark tingled with interest and the idea of a kill.
“Can I see your garden?” Cas abruptly asked, looking at Dean encouragingly.
The week of Thanksgiving, Dean stayed true to his word and decided to do a small Thanksgiving get together. Garth was unable to attend because of some werewolf meet on the other side of the country, but Donna was able to make it, and so was Jody, which meant that she dragged Claire and Alex along with her.
“Dean, I don’t want to hear it-“
Castiel leaned forward more. He knew he was crossing a line, once again in Dean’s personal space. But it had been years since Dean called him out for it. “What is it?”
Dean lied in bed that night, staring up at the ceiling. One of his hands idly scratched his stomach while his other arm propped him up against his pillow. He had a hard time falling asleep after waking up, practically cuddling his obscenely attractive best friend. Dean swallowed hard and ignored the heat attempting to pool in his gut at the memory of it.
“Oh, shut it, Winchester.” Charlie said, pulling him in for a hug. “I forgive you.” She mumbled against his chest. “I forgave you a long time ago.” Sam pulled away just slightly, his arms still around her. She looked up at him and then stood on her tiptoes to whisper to him “Just give Dean time. He’ll come around, and Cas will make him as happy as we both know he deserves to be.” They let go of each other and she grinned at him mischievously and held her finger to her lips when Sam caught Dean staring at them out of the corner of his eyes. Sam stepped back, so that he, Dean, and Cas were all the same distance away from Charlie. She smiled at them sadly, blinking tears out of her eyes.
“Thanks, man. I’m Jay. This is my… my date, Carey.” Jay introduced himself, grabbing all the balls from the pool tables pockets. Carey waved cutely, hugging the pool stick to her side with her other hand.
Sam blanched. “Uh, yeah… um… I think he’s dreaming alright… I-I’m going to go get some breakfast.” He stood up so quickly that he almost got tangled in the bedsheets, forgetting he was completely clothed.
A little bell chimed when Dean opened the door to the shop, and a young, bearded man with thick rimmed glasses greeted them from behind the counter. “What can I do for you guys today?” He asked, closing the magazine he had been flipping through. Sam’s eyes surveyed the shop, mostly full of Halloween costumes as Dean spoke up for the.
Sam stirred in the passenger seat, and Dean breathed a sigh of relief. “Well good morning, sunshine.” He said sarcastically, flashing Sam his most obnoxious grin. Sam just rolled his eyes and stretched, yawning off his nap.
wasn't, and Dean really tried not to think about how messed up it was that he was
Sam smirked at Dean’s bored expression and continued to console a very shaken Mia. She wasn’t of much help and just kept repeating that she had told Oliva and Bethany that trying to talk to a spirit was a bad idea. Sam was only half listening to her while she ranted about her superstitious family and how they would kill her if they knew she was messing around with the paranormal. She mentioned voodoo at one point, which piqued Sam’s interest, but he quickly found out that Mia only brought it up because he family was so against anything that involved communicating with the dead.
since Dean
“It so doesn’t count as fruit.” Sam argued, laughing as he pushed his chair in and headed for the showers.
had made things marginally better, but the mark was trying to claw its way back into his thoughts at full force. Not to mention it had been
“Glam- What- glamoured you?” Sam questioned in disbelief, his mouth hanging agape. “Like from
“Whoa, man!” Todd exclaimed, looking down at Castiel’s grip in alarm and trying to pull away.
Dean almost tripped over his own feet, immediately flustered by the comment. “What?”
“That’s different.” Dean argued. “He’s
Dean didn’t think it through. He just refilled the syringe, and using the same needle, struggled to find a vein with still shaking hands. He emptied the Djinn essence into his body as quickly as he could and waited with an anxious, heaving chest. What was he going to do if this, his last resort, no longer worked?
Dean had
Cas was lost in thought, not realizing how much time had passed when he felt Dean slump against him. The human had fallen asleep at some point, his head now rested against Cas’ shoulder. Cas froze, unsure of whether or not he should wake Dean, but then Dean nuzzled into his dress shirt collar and Cas smiled. Suddenly
“So, what, you’re like, embarrassed?” Sam questioned.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Thanks for making coffee this morning.” Dean said softly, unable to hide the fondness in his voice. Sam raised a curious eyebrow at him and Dean shot him a scowl before turning back to Cas. “Why… is your hair wet?” Dean asked the angel, suddenly realizing how untamed the spikes of dark hair were and how they were dripping.
Dean, forever the impatient one, slid one of his hands between them and began working his cock in matched rhythm of Cas’ thrusts. He was spilling between them in no time, Cas’ name on his lips until the very moment that Cas kissed the name away. Cas wasn’t far behind him and came with his lips pressed against Dean’s.
Dean went to bed early and told himself it was so that he could get up and get to the Farmer’s Market before it got too busy.
The other angel sighed. She observed him carefully before speaking. “I don’t know much, Castiel. I really don’t. I wasn’t trusted with the full details by any means. When they trusted me with protection, it was mostly just for me to know all sigils and spells. I know that there’s a spell, but I was not trusted with the information about the spell. The only thing I know about the spell… well that information is what makes it impossible. An archangel must be the one to perform the spell. In case you have forgotten… all the archangels are dead.”
Dean exited yet another room, stepping into the hallway of the floor he was on. Darkness had fallen completely, and Dean was almost done searching his half of the inn with no luck. He hadn’t found a single item that Molly’s mother’s spirit could be tied to. He checked his phone to make sure he hadn’t somehow missed a call from Sam. He hadn’t. Apparently, Sam wasn’t having any luck either. Dean shivered, pulling his heavy, green canvas jacket tighter around himself. “Fuck…” he muttered. Cold spots. Not a good sign. A gust of wind came from behind him, causing the drapes on the hallway window. He slowly turned, knowing what caused it before he even looked. A loud cackle came from the grey, translucent figure hovering above the ground. Her hair and dress billowed out around her wildly, and she was eyeing Dean like Dean normally eyed a slice of pie. Aiming his shotgun at her, he quickly fired, but she dodged the salt round with speed he wasn’t expecting. In a blink, she was in front of him, and he took a step back, shocked by just how fast she was.
One of the Men of Letters had a neat scrawl that filled page after page. Dean sat back down in a new chair, interested in what Djinn could possibly have to do with inventory in the bunker. He flipped to the start of the written chapter and began to read the excerpt.
The bodyguard shrugged. “Sure. You’re just trying to do your job. Just… no asking her for autographs, alright? Those bulbs burning out scared the hell out of her.”
“Yeah, okay. What is it, Cas?”
As always, thank you for both your patience and feedback. <3
Cas flopped down in the seat in front of Dean ineloquently and it made Dean smirk. He had come along way since having a stick up his ass when he came to earth. Cas looked between the two brothers before finally responded. “Ariel did have information on mark. Unfortunately, the only cure she knows is a spell for its removal that has to be performed by an archangel.”
. That’s easier said than done. If I knew of a way to kill him, I would’ve offed Feathers years ago.” Crowley responded with an eyeroll.
Dean knew he should be thanking Jack, or greeting him, or literally anything else, but he only saw red. "Really, Jack?" He yelled. "You're even brought back the friggin' dog?"
it, and Dean was coming all of himself, incredibly relieved that his shirt had rucked up during the whole ordeal when he felt a hot, wet streak on his bare stomach. Dean closed his eyes and rubbed his hands over his face roughly, his chest heaving as he tried to even out his breathing. When he removed his hands and opened his eyes, he snorted at Cas observing his own filthy hand curiously. Dean wiggled out of his shirt and sat up, trying to move quickly before his skin became tacky. “Alright, hot stuff.” He teased. “Your turn.” He tried to keep his hands steady as he reached for Cas’ belt, and Cas just leaned back patiently, putting his full weight in Dean’s lap. Dean was so focused on getting Cas’ dick out and in his hand that he huffed out a surprised laugh when Cas caught him off guard, leaning forward to kiss him. Dean smiled into the kiss, and made quick work of Cas’ zipper with more steady hands. It was just handjob. He jerked himself off all the time. It couldn’t be that different.
“I know, I know. But how in the hell do we ask her where her mom is buried without seeming creepy as hell?” Dean brought his Styrofoam cup of coffee to his mouth and took a deep sip. It was cold by now, but he drank it anyway, the lack of sleep the night before was wearing him down. When he looked at Sam, his brother had both of his hands above the table. One was balled into a fist on its side, resting on the inside of his other open hand. He had a smug smirk on his face. “Oh no. No way. We’re not rock-paper-scissoring this one.” Sam laughed. Dean
“Uh, can I just get the fruit and yogurt bowl? Extra granola. And a water.” Sam choked out between his giggling.
A whirlwind of thoughts struck Castiel all at once. He was angry and wanted to yell at Dean for being idiotic. He wanted to curse and blame the Djinn essence. He wanted to demand answers from his Father. He wanted to demand answers from
.” The way she sneered at his false last name made it all too apparent that the jig was up, and it was one of those times Dean wished he wasn’t such an infamous hunter. Being damn good at his job meant his survival rate was higher, but it also meant that word got around about him.
This chapter is a tad shorter than the others, but making it longer would have just been forced. Be kind. I really struggled with worrying if this chapter was in character or not.
without powers.” Cas snapped.
downed the rest of his drink and stood up to follow him with a mischievous glint in his eyes. A sudden, intense anger scorched through Castiel’s entire being at the thought of what the man was planning on doing to do to Dean, or rather
There were plenty of times that Cas had questioned it. Plenty of times that he had wondered if he were even capable of being in love when at one time he didn’t even experience human emotions. But as he stared at the beautiful, radiant man before him, he knew he was in love. Castiel remembered a time when Dean had laughed and said that an angel having a human vessel reminded him a lot of hurricane trapped in a fragile glass bottle. What he didn't know was that it was he, Dean Winchester, that was a true force of natural. He was like the sea, waves upon waves of depth and emotion, just roaring to be heard. He was like the sunset, beautiful in every aspect, his mind, body and soul. He was like a thunderstorm, with lightning bolts of anger and tears that fell like raindrops whenever he allowed them to. He was like the sky, freckles of constellations that aligned the planets the moment Castiel gripped him in Hell. And Castiel loved him so much that he
“Excuse me.” A petite blonde whose hair was cut into a pristine bob was the one who had grabbed his attention. Her eyes were glassy, and she was giggling, apparently a couple of drinks into the evening. “Do you mind if we play you two next game?” As if on cue, a tall guy with red hair longer than Sam’s, wrapped his arm around her shoulders.
This had been his mornings for a little over a year and a half. Dean had tried to continue fixing up his house, but he was starting to sink way too much money into it and the house was continuing to fall apart. Cas had insisted that Dean move in with him, which Dean had been more than okay with, regardless of how Cas was the furthest thing from a morning person. Dean had been at a total loss for what to do about his house until he spoke to Sam and Sam explained that he definitely had a case against the realtor for not giving an accurate depiction of the actual quality of the home.
“I was thinking… I was thinking if Sam and I didn’t have a case on Thanksgiving, we could get a few people together. I mean, I know you don’t really eat but-“
Dean scoffed and took his phone back, exiting out of the app. He wasn’t filling that shit out. “So, uh, are we good?” He asked nervously, trying to drunkenly slide his phone in his pocket before remembering he was in his boxers.
. I am not a dog.” He growled.
. And not just any wings, but
beautiful, and yet he was sitting across from Dean smiling at him like
evil, it was the first curse-“ That’s when Dean started ignoring Sam. The kid took one fucking psychology course at Stanford and suddenly thinks he’s a therapist. “I know you’re afraid that we won’t find a cure. I’ll admit it… there are times when it worries me too. But we can’t give up hope just because we don’t have any leads right now-“
Castiel smiled fondly, remembering Dean unknowingly trying to teach him to shoot even though he could use his grace to make him a perfect shot. He stood up, motioning for Dean to lead the way to the pool table. Dean gave him one of those smiles that made his eyes shine bright and crinkle at the corners before leading him to the pool table, and Castiel’s fingers itched to reach out and touch him. Dean had no idea just how lovely he was, just how at home Castiel felt in his presence. Castiel had been alive for eons, and had never felt this way, not until he met Dean.
Dean nodded. "Yeah, well you know she's always welcome here. Go get her and bring her home, Sammy."
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean’s mind wandered to New Year’s resolutions. He thought New Year’s resolutions were dumb. He didn’t understand why someone needed a certain date to motivate them to get their shit together. He had never had a New Year’s resolution himself. But as he slowly scrolled through his phone, he suddenly wondered how Cas felt about them. He wondered if Cas had ever had one, and if he would be interested in celebrating the holiday in that way. Dean huffed out an annoyed sigh at himself. Of course, he was thinking about Cas. It’s like his thoughts
showers. After both his outburst with the Tulpa and the vampire’s nest, it was abundantly clear that Rowena’s spell was no longer working, but Castiel knew that the mark of Cain was an evil so ancient, that whatever Dean was doing to stop his outbursts and urges that it was something profoundly bad.
“Dean, wait-“ Cas tried to speak to him as he followed after him, but Dean just let the diner door slam in his face.
“Uh, well, Lowe’s had more than I thought they would. But they didn’t have everything. I think I’m going to have to buy most of them as seeds instead of half-grown flowers. Which I’m okay with. I just didn’t know if it was too late in the season to start with seeds.” He shrugged.
Dean took a breath and just shook his head. It was time for a subject change, this was making him feel like shit. “So, you still tasting molecules or whatever?”
Dean felt heat rise to his cheeks, but he couldn’t fight the smile that spread across his lips.
went back to Cas lately.
The angel looked completely confused by why he had been called down, but he remained polite. “Thank you, Sam. Coffee is fine.” The angel replied, sitting down at the dining table. Dean scrunched up his nose, and sat a beer down next to Cas’ plate.
“Do this to myself? This wasn’t about
Sorry I haven't updated in forever! I've been trying (and failing miserably) at working on my entry for the DCBB. Then on top of that I was feeling really discouraged because I wasn't getting any comments or kudos....but it turns out that the spam folder has actually been eating all my AO3 emails and so I have a LOT to catch up on.
. Other angels experience it from time to time, but I never have.”
Dean sighed and grabbed a wet dish cloth to wipe down the table now that it was clear of beer bottles. “Whatever. You obviously have a stick up your ass about losing all these feathers.” Dean seemed irritated. Typical. Always wanting to fix things he had no control over. Dean then blushed a little, his disposition shy. “Your feathers are really soft.” He muttered.
Castiel cowered in the corner of his cage. His unclothed knees were pressed firmly against his bare chest, his wings completely surrounding his naked form. After many attempts at various curses, hexes, and spells, Magnus had finally found magic that had forced Castiel’s wings to appear in this dimension and stay that way. That day had been the worst. The way that Magnus’ eyes had lit up with a demented hunger was still deeply seared into Castiel’s mind, the image carved into his eyelids whenever he closed his eyes. All of his clothes had been removed and taken from him. Magnus had allowed him clothing at first, but quickly grew impatient of how long it would take Castiel to strip each day, and he wanted access to every inch of Castiel’s body without having to wait, without having to watch Castiel stall. Nearly every square inch of Castiel’s body was covered in deep lacerations, some of which made up intricate designs for symbols and warding. It was what kept Castiel from healing properly, what kept his wings out despite how much he wanted to tuck them away. Magnus had ripped feathers out of them, burned them, carved sigils into them, snapped the bones to see how quickly they could heal. That was Magnus’ favorite thing to do. He loved to hurt Castiel and then let up on his magic just enough to allow Castiel to heal, only to hurt him in some other way. He would almost never let Castiel heal fully, and the few rare times that he did, he had only do so to hurt the angel even worse.
But last night, right as Sam was about to crawl out of bed and wake Dean up, he had heard Dean call out Castiel’s name. Sam had very carefully peaked through his lashes to see Cas appear as Dean sat up in bed. Sam knew Dean would kill him for eavesdropping, but what was he supposed to do? It’s not like he could get up and leave. All Sam knew was that he was immensely thankful for the trench coat wielding celestial being, for everything. Especially making his brother's life a little more bearable.
“I can imagine.” Dean replied weakly. He was painfully hard in his jeans, and he wasn’t sure if that or the butterflies in his stomach were more uncomfortable. The scary happy feeling causing a pounding in his heart was also giving either one a run for their money.
Dean tried to listen to Cas. He tried to fight the Mark, tried to get his brain to get his body to understand that he had almost hurt
Cas huffed grumpily, causing Dean to laugh. “I hate needing sleep. It’s so inconvenient.”
. He needed a second. He needed to splash some cold water on his face and get his shit together. He excused himself to the bathroom, and really hoped his life wasn’t so cliché that the guy thought that was an invitation to a quickie in a locked bathroom stall.
Dean jumped slightly and the whiskey he had poured sloshed around in its glass. “Hey, Cas.” He rasped, his voice rougher than he inttended. He was suddenly self-conscious of the fact that he was only wearing a tee shirt and boxers, and was hoping his eyes weren’t still wet and red.
and Dean couldn’t wait to make fun of him when he got off the phone? Video chat? Whatever the fuck he was using. “Are you busy?”
Vera turned to Ivan. “If he’s right, will this still work?” She asked her brother.
, I don’t want to buy any of your honey.”
“That’s my point exactly, Dean. He’s
Dean just grinned and came to stand beside Cas like they had known each other forever. “Well, lucky for you, I’m a mechanic.”
“Where is Sam?” Dean gaped at the angel. Despite everything that had been said, despite the abuse that Castiel had felt, he was still here. He still wanted to help.
“You’re quiet, Cas.” Dean finally commented gruffly. He couldn’t wait to finally pull into the town of Bear Creek, even his voice sounded tired. For a long moment, the angel didn’t respond.
“Good morning, Dean.” He responded, pulling out a seat next to Sam.
to watch his favorite show while eating pie. Dean had few traditions in his life, but the ones that he did have, he held near and dear. Baking a pie would take far too long, and defeat the purpose of avoiding cooking in the first place, but there was a Gas-N-Sip just a few miles away. It was a lot closer than the grocery store, and he could be in and out in no time, slip into a pair of pajama pants and an old Led Zeppelin shirt, and pig out and binge TV to his heart's desire. With one last forlorn glance at his pie-less fridge, Dean sighed in defeat and grabbed his car keys.
Dean collapsed onto one of the cushioned seats overlooking the balcony, wincing at the slight moisture he could feel seeping through his thin boxers. He idly wondered what John would think of his oldest son now. Dean was
“But what if he does?” Sam pressed. “What if he has feelings for you but is too afraid to admit it because he doesn’t know how you’ll react?” Sam raised his eyebrows.
“If there’s one thing I’ve realized, it’s that when it comes to you and your brother, anything is possible. Why do you think it was heaven?”
“Oh? You wanna elaborate on that, buddy?” Dean was suddenly a lot more interested in what Cas had to say. It always fascinated him when the angel mentioned feelings and emotions because he remembered when Cas was once incapable of experiencing such things.
Dean nodded in agreement and pulled out his phone. “I’m gonna call the hunter I met last night. I told him I would let him know if I got any leads. The backup couldn’t hurt.”
Don't forget to follow me on Twitter @AnchorsOutAtSea!
too-“
Sam immediately avoided his eyes and ran his hands over the steering wheel nervously. “Don’t be mad… but we used the lead to get you out of the house. I know this is your favorite place to get a burger at and I get that we don’t really celebrate birthdays, but I thought we could all at least go out to lunch…”
“NOPE. We are not having this discussion, Sam. I’m done.” Dean growled, stalking back to the bathroom and slamming the door behind him. He wasn’t going to talk about this. Not with Sam, not with anyone. Things were getting too real. First, he jerked off while thinking about Cas. Now he was having dreams about fucking Cas, all tanned skin and sleek muscles growling his name in that voice of his and- nope. Dean shoved the thoughts deep in the closet along with the other traumatic things he refused to deal with and started getting ready for the day.
“I forgot to mention I got a few other Christmas decorations.” Sam said, and Dean really,
“Oh no!” Cas exclaimed to Dean’s right. He made his way over to Dean quickly, dropping his mail, and Dean secretly hoped he was going to be a little touchy feely like he had been the last time he had seen Dean’s sting, but instead he ignored Dean completely in favor of bending down and picking up the dead bee. He frowned at is sadly, cradling it in his hand as if it were still alive.
Without hesitation, Castiel pulled up an app that Sam had installed on his phone. The app was sometimes a bit glitchy because it was originally designed to be a program on a computer, but Sam had been able to play around with it enough to make it work on phones. It zeroed in on locations, and Cas would be able to tell where the call came from. It was a slow process, but finally the cursor zoomed in on a location on a map of the united states.  Boise, Idaho. He immediately flew to the location within the town with resoluteness, but the moment his human feet landed, he could tell something was very wrong. He nearly fell to his knees at the overwhelming surge of magic that he felt hit him. Staggering, he looked around the room of the abandoned home that the cell phone had been tracked to. His vision blurred, a deafening thrumming coursed through his ears as he tried to focus on the footsteps he heard approaching. Castiel tried to take a step forward but could not maintain his balance and fell to the floor. He tried to draw his angel blade but knew he was defenseless against whatever was approaching, the magic in the room, in the entire building was too powerful. He blinked his blurry eyes, trying to decipher the sigils painted in blood on the walls. They were ancient, some of which were Enochian, and he hadn’t seen many of them used in centuries.
Dean throwing his head back was the only encouragement that Cas needed to tighten his grip slightly and start a rhythm that already had Dean’s legs shaking. “Cas...fuck…” He muttered, closing his eyes and running his fingers through his hair. He could feel Cas’ eyes watching him intently, could feel their burning presence as they wandered over every square inch of Dean. Dean bit his lip and opened his eyes, making sure to look up at at Cas with hooded eyes through his lashes, pulling out all the best seduction techniques, but he really wasn’t expecting the way Cas was already looking at him. There was so much
Dean looked confused. “Of course it is, Cas. It’s one of the best restaurants in Lawrence. Don’t tell me you haven’t been there.”
“If Cas says there’s a case, there’s a case.” Dean said firmly. Sam shrugged, leaning his head against the window and staring out at the open fields to their right. “Speaking of Cas, I’m kinda worried about him, man.” Dean added slowly.
Sam smiled tightly and ended the call, making his way over to Dean. He pulled the seat out across from his brother and dropped down heavily, excitement clearly thrumming through him.
“I’m sorry, Molly. Listen, this must be hard. We don’t have to talk about it anymore. I was just on my way to the lobby to grab some coffee. Would you like some?”
Cas was pulled by his thoughts by Dean flicking a cranberry at him. The cranberry hit him on the nose, and despite Dean’s mouth being crammed full of both macaroni and cheese AND mashed potatoes, he started laughing loudly, the food nearly falling from his mouth.
Cas reached for the presents next to him and each handed Sam and Dean one. They were both perfectly wrapped, edges straight and even, and tape almost invisible on the paper. Dean’s was a tiny box and Sam’s was much larger. Dean gestured for Sam to open his first, his heart beating against his chest painfully at the anxiety of what Cas could’ve gotten him. Sam ripped off the wrapping paper to reveal a white cardboard box that said ‘please recycle’ on it and he laughed, opening the box. When he opened the box, he laughed even harder, and pulled out two bottles, one of shampoo and the other of conditioner.
“You can’t tell me you don’t want more.” Sam retorted seriously. His voice was soft, encouraging.
“I originally had the program set up to just look for witch activity, which wasn’t working well. Generally, witches cover their tracks pretty well in comparison to a lot of things we hunt. They’re basically humans so they think like humans. They’re harder to track So, I was getting almost no hits. At first, I thought the program was malfunctioning, so I switched it to demonic activity just to make sure it was working. The program was flooded with it.” Sam explained enthusiastically. He had two tabs open on the laptop and flipped back and forth between them to show the difference in activity. Demonic activity had probably seven times more red blinking dots on the map.
Dean smiled. “I’m sure you’ll be a natural, Cas.”
“Let us help, Cas.” Sam offered.
“I’m… I’m okay.” She said nervously, eyeing the vanity cautiously. “I guess there was a power surge? And I haven’t gotten a lot of sleep since I flew straight in from London…”
“So… do I talk to Dean about it?”
“So you’re telling me a big, red guy with horns? Gets off by shoving a pitchfork up people’s asses?” Dean asked. That description honestly didn’t sound much better, though it was probably much safer.
, her expression bored. She insisted that there was nothing in the book about the removal of the Mark of Cain, but Crowley was making her check again. If there was, he wanted to be able to use it against the Winchesters, especially after the little stunt that Sam had pulled when he tried to kill him with the hex bag. Rowena let out another sigh, this one louder than the last.
Dean groaned, having to force himself to be responsible. “Vera, I don’t think this is a good idea.” He put a hand on her shoulder, causing her to pause. “My partners and I still don’t know what’s going on with this case, but we do know that the water probably isn’t safe right now.”
.” Dean grumbled.
“There’s an abandoned warehouse about an hour away from here. It would be the perfect place for a vampire nest.” Sam flipped the screen on his tablet so that Dean and Cas could see it. “We should go check it out once we finish eating.”
“No way. I’m the one in charge of this dinner and if it comes out tasting gross and all magically I get the blame for it.” Dean grinned.
“-and that was completely inappropriate-”
Cas looked back out the window again quickly. “Thank you, Dean.” His voice radiated gratitude, and Dean felt his heart warm a little as much as he hated it. Before Dean forced his eyes back to the asphalt in front of him, he saw Cas’ lips quirk up and his eyebrows shoot up in excitement. He pointed out the window, the tip of his index finger leaving a smudge on the window. Dean flinched a little.  “That is a very fluffy cow.” Castiel commented, clearly incredibly pleased by his find.
Castiel glared at Dean’s terminology. “It’s
Dean was standing in line for fifteen minutes and just two people away from checkout when he caved and got out of line and went back to grab the hoodie, cursing profusely. He shoved it in his shopping cart and went to the back of the line with a grimace on his face. He hoped the look on Cas’ face would make up for the teasing look on the cashier’s face as she looked over Dean’s purchase and then up at him.
A giggle caught their attention, and they both turned to see the bartender had returned to refill their glasses. “It’s a peach sangria. Not exactly the type of drink that I would expect a big, bad FBI agent to go for, but hey, whatever does the job after a long day.” She set the pitcher on the bar in front of them, along with the whiskey she used to top Dean off. “My shift is about to end. Technically that’s supposed to mean last call for you guys, but I won’t say anything if you don’t. It’s a thank you, you know, for your service. Just don’t get too drunk and fall in the pool or somethin’ and we should be good. You gentlemen have a lovely night.” She shot them a wink and untied her apron, tossing it on a hook behind the bar and leaving with a wave over her shoulder.
been planning on eating both steaks, but inviting Cas sounded like a better idea. And it meant he would have more room for more pie. “Sure.” He finally replied. “Hey, Cas! Get your ass down here.” Sam shot him a look and Dean rolled his eyes. “Please and thank you.” He added sarcastically. Dean smiled when he heard the sound of wings and the rustle of a trench coat. He stabbed a steak and placed it on a plate, turning around and holding it out in the angel’s direction. “Hungry?” Castiel just stared at him and tilted his head. Dean rolled his eyes. “You said you wanted to get used to eating food again… So eat.”
Sam frowned at him. “What’s up, Cas?”
But that was besides the point.
If you remember my original icon on here, it was of a comic book girl with pink hair. I ended up changing the icon because I had no idea who the artist was, having saved the picture from tumblr back in 2010. Image searching didn't seem to help. I ended up making an icon in an app so that I wouldn't be using anyone else's work, but wanted something more individualized, and my new icon was commissioned by
Dean’s fist hovered just a few inches from Cas’ door and he was about to tuck tail and run in the other direction when the door swung open. Dean jumped and almost dropped the food but composed himself and tried not to choke on his on tongue at the site of Cas. Cas’ hair was messy, and he was bed rumpled, rubbing his eyes to wake up. He was wearing the hoodie Dean had gotten him for Christmas and Dean absolutely did not have the heart to explain to him that the weather was getting far too warm out for a hoodie not to look weird. He let the guy wander around for years in a suit and trench coat, the hoodie couldn’t hurt, right? Dean gave him a soft smile and went to comment on them sharing breakfast when he noticed Cas’ pants.
burning on Dean’s skin was indication, he could use it too. The only problem was Sam wouldn’t be here as a buffer. Dean sighed. “Just make sure you change the tags on the hotwired car the first chance you get. We’re not exactly close to Kansas by any means. Jody has pull in a lot of states, but none this far south.”
“Scream all you want.” Alastair sneered, sharpening his knife once again. “No one is coming for you. No one can save you here.”
into Dean too.” Sam’s eyes widened at Charlie in surprise. “Really, Sam? What’s that big brain of yours doing up there? He literally gave up everything for Dean. More than once. They’re practically dating by fandom standards.” She put her hands on her hips, and Sam realized that they probably looked creepy, just staring at them, so he slowly started making his way over to them. Charlie followed.
“You’re a terrible liar.” Castiel went to defend himself, but Sam continued. “Or maybe you’re not lying. You’ve never felt this way, so you can’t comprehend it.”
Castiel was holding his favorite bee, Bumbledore (named by a highly amused Dean), when he heard it. It was a fuzzy, strained, desperate prayer from Dean, and it was just one word. “
“I thought my husband was straight too!” She hissed, shoving a ghostly hand through Dean’s chest. He yelled out in pain, an icy shock vibrating through his body. The Mark on his arm seared to life, waiting for him to die only to bring him back with back eyes. “And when I’m done with you, you’ll kill yourself, and rid the world of your filth and sin!” Dean closed his eyes, the pain too much to bare as he started choking on his own breath..
Castiel stared at him with wide, owlish eyes for a moment before scraping his facial expression in favor of something more neutral and replied, “I would have no reason to be jealous, Dean.”
“B-bring me back?” Dean asked. When Castiel pulled back, Dean’s beautiful green eyes were wide and red rimmed with confusion and terror. “I wasn’t- I didn’t-“
