" I'm not sitting in here all day just to watch telly."
" Tomorrow."
" It's not important. It's just... it'll be quiet around here. That's all."
She paused to brush a few eraser shavings off the middle of a toxicology report.
4 attachments
Later that day, John found himself crammed into a small car alongside Sherlock, their shoulders squeezed together. John was leaned against the cool glass of his window, watching the bland scenery pass by outside. The forest surrounding them had long since bled into nothing more than a collection of indistinguishable browns and greens, the sky behind them a dark grey that lingered after them from London.
" Do you think these might be connected somehow?"
" -and take accountability. Now let's get on with it. Go next to the one closest to you."
" There's a case at hand, yes, but it's not for us, per se."
The blood.
He made his way further inside, running a hand along the bookshelves. He took note of the spine of every book his fingers brushed up against, keeping a sharp eye on their titles. Every book was in its right place, now organized alphabetically by title, and when John retracted his hand, there wasn't a trace of dust on it.
" A cab would've been far more preferable..."
" I always figured something was off about the scratch marks on that guy. 'Oh yeah, I got these doing yard work' my arse..."
The lake made him an easy target and seemed uncharacteristically cold in contrast to the warm weather. Whether the exposure got to him first or a bullet did, staying in there too long certainly posed a safety risk.
" Tell me, John. These people here- how did you kill them?"
He'd have to make something of it.
" Maybe you should."
John forced the tremor in his arms to still. He took hold of the top corner of the tarp, his eyes glued to his shoes as he began to gingerly peel it back. After what felt like a small eternity, he heard it finally slide to the floor in a plastic heap.
After about ten minutes or so, he let out a defeated sigh.
Sherlock stayed quiet. It was answer enough.
" We need to start moving this along. By the time we've met our goal, I'll have to monitor any changes in the culture samples."
John felt cool metal nudge the back of his head.
He shoved his arms back in the water, the knots building up in his chest as he raked his hands up and down his sleeves.
" We've still got an hour before we have to meet Lestrade. How about you try something you haven't done before? Like, knitting or something?" John suggested, leaning back further in his seat.
" Are you gonna answer that?"
" Yes. We're still carrying on with our general investigations during the day, make no mistake. During the night, we'll just be focusing on The Office."
She couldn't quite meet his gaze. She opted to meddle with a few evidence folders instead, mechanically shuffling through their contents.
"So it was pretty bad, wasn't it?" John was staring into his soul, searching for something. Sherlock wasn't sure what John was looking for, as that concerned him. It also frustrated him. "How bad was it, Sherlock?"
"I didn't break you, did I?"
of the scissors cutting a stitch following his question.
"Yeah, he came in wielding it." Lestrade rubbed his stubble with one hand, the other on his hip. "Dropped it when his episode passed. It's down in forensics now."
John paused. "Touche, I suppose." John leaned down slightly and started to unbutton Sherlock's poor white button up from the top button at his sternum. Sherlock stilled, unsure of how to act in such a situation. His cheeks heated up in mild embarrassment. Why was he having this reaction now when numerable nurses and doctors had unbuttoned his shirt before?
Oliver's brows furrowed and he blinked, eyes drifting over the walls and furniture of the office. John could tell he was thinking hard, struggling to remember. Either that, or he was struggling to hear through the noise of his mind. Hopefully the voices had quieted down by now, but John was by no means an expert on schizophrenia. The closest he got to understanding the disorder was his own instances with mental illness and what he learned over the course of his doctorate while studying at Bart's.
"W-What!?" Peter exclaimed, jumping up off the barrel. He gaped wide-eyed at John. "But Cap'n-"
"Do you know if anyone here doesn't like him?" John asked, keeping his voice low and soft.
John sighed heavily, breaking Sherlock's concentration, "Thank god - You're going to be okay." John lowered the edge of Sherlock's coat and pressed his hand around the blade where Sherlock's hand had been. "It didn't hit anything important. You're going to be just fine."
But, as he was putting her in the crib, Rosie started to cry. John frowned and picked her back up; she clung to him like she wouldn't see him again, and it left John more confused than any other emotion. She hadn't thrown a fit at bedtime for weeks.
"Do you remember the name of the street you ran down?" John asked, and Oliver rubbed his temples with his index fingers, grimacing slightly. John immediately backpedaled, worried the young man had a brain injury or something similar. "Take your time. If you don't remember, don't force it. You seem coherent and I'd like to keep it that way."
"Ah, perfect timing as always, Ms. Hudson. Lestrade has a case."
of London, however few those may seem. So long as they stayed low and didn't get into too much trouble, John let them do as they pleased. He gave them a date and let them wander the city to their hearts content, spending however much money they earned on their voyage, and if they weren't on the boat by sunrise of that given date, they stayed.
"When I lay down, I try to think about things that make me happy." He told her. "I think about things I like or something I look forward to, like what I'm going to write next or the fun I had working with Lockie."
the bad ones."
John furrowed his eyebrows with a bemused look, and looked across the room at Sherlock, his hands stopped at the collar of his plaid button up. Sherlock was sat upright on the bed facing John, and his facial expression was blank and serious. John was admittedly confused.
One of the corners of John's mouth turned upwards in a soft smile, relieved at the answer.
After a few minutes of shushing and rocking, John went to put Rosie in her crib again. She whimpered and clung onto him, and he carried her over to his bed and sat down with her.
"The sea doesn't care what your name is." John answered simply. "It doesn't care who you are, what you like, or where you're going. So if there's no one out here to tell us no, why continue doing it? Besides, you don't know our surnames to track us down if we never say them out loud." For a moment, John could have sworn a corner of Sherlock's mouth turned upwards into a hint of a smirk. John looked over at Peter who stood awkwardly by the door. "Peter, take a seat. I'm sure Sherlock here has some questions he wants to ask you about the bookstore."
"It doesn't take a degree to figure it out." John looked back up at Sherlock's face. "Besides, I of all the people we've interacted with over the years know what a defense mechanism looks like." Sherlock, bemused, smiled softly.
"You were wrong." Sherlock remarked, causing John to blink and refocus his eyes. Sherlock set the plate on the counter and gingerly unwrapped it, having to take his hand off his bandage.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. He considered for a moment telling Mycroft to 'fuck off', then considered forwarding the message to Lestrade, but after a few moments of typing and deleting, Sherlock settled on responding with,
"Everyone." John repeated, tilting his head slightly. "Who is 'everyone', exactly?"
" John motioned between them with his hand, "-for us, for a long time."
"A sociopath, Sherlock Holmes..." John paused, taking a breath in, and cautiously rested a hand over Sherlock's.
"Good, you're here." Lestrade breathed as he saw John and Sherlock approach him at his office's door. "The kid's calmed down but I'd still be careful if I were you."
It went better than expected.
The two looked at each other, shocked by their own emotions. It was John who spoke next. "I thought you weren't, you know..?"
daughter. Reminding himself of that always seemed to help him get control of himself. He took in a deep breath and stood up, hearing Rosie starting to stir in her crib. She was closing in on two, now, and was saying small sentences, walking and running, and was mostly potty trained, save for the occasional nighttime accident. John didn't feel right trying to think that he helped in any way. He placed the praise on Sherlock and Ms. Hudson, the saintly mother figure to Sherlock and John both.
"'Ello there my little cuppa," John cooed. Rosie beamed as John walked over - ever since John first called her his "cuppa", she loved it. He didn't know why she did, perhaps it was just the way he said it, but it seemed to calm and soothe her whenever he did. "How did you sleep?"
"Then why are we going?" Sherlock scowled.
Sherlock glanced down at his hand on John's shoulder and swiftly pulled it away, beginning to blush a bright red. He stuttered, trying to figure out an excuse, but John could see through the careful facade, now. Something clicked into place in John's psyche, something that had been there but hidden behind the fear of what it meant since the first year John spent living with Sherlock. He really did care about Sherlock, more than John would let himself admit until now. Sherlock being 'married to his work' had submerged this small part of John's psyche, but seeing Sherlock be so human cleared the mental fog.  Now, finally, John could see what was
"The first message?" John interrupted back, grinning when Sherlock glared at him. "Yes, and next time," John pointed at the correct desk drawer with his cane, "don't interrupt me."
"I would hope so," John replied, thinking that Sherlock meant this situation was better compared to the situation they had been in a few hours earlier.
Sherlock's eyes lit up with a realization. "You're absolutely correct, John. They would." He turned and grinned at John. "Which means the modification was made while the building was being constructed."
"Hello, Oliver." John greeted, offering a small smile with the hope of reassuring him. "Do you know where you are?"
"Oh, uh. Lane has OCD and depression, and Audrey has a panic disorder 'cause of her social phobia." Oliver explained, seeming to calm slightly at mentioning the other residents.
, John." Sherlock snarled, bouncing his knee impatiently and making the whole bed move with the movement of it. "I've-
"It's fine, love." John gave Sherlock a tender gaze. "Now just relax, alright? You don't have to fill the silence. Be as loud or quiet as you want." John fitted himself between Sherlock's legs, one hand around the base of his length and one rubbing soothing circles over the side of Sherlock's thigh. "Well, don't wake up anybody, but yeah." The doctor flashed a jovial expression at Sherlock, and the detective smirked softly. He took a breath and tried to relax, but his nerves were all singing with stimulation in a way he'd never experienced before.
"The poor kid was raped."
"I know, lad." John smirked softly, "I'm just toyin' with ya. Don't shit your pants, you don't have time to buy new ones." Peter glared for a moment and John chuckled. "But yes, I read, and I can tell you you're not going to learn it without some help."
"It's a start if nothing else." Sherlock replied in a hum, watching as John finished writing down the list of first names and whether they were a patient or a carer. "Doctor Watson, would you like to carry out your medical examination?"
"How's your shoulder?" Sherlock asked, feeling a bit nervous and awkward at the quiet space between them. John smiled, seeing right through the question, and moved closer. As he did, Sherlock pulled his knees up to his chest.
"Captain John Watson..."
Like a sickness his nightmare came back to the forefront of his mind and he closed his eyes, leaning back against the couch. Before he could stop himself, before he could calm down and try to forget, the words left his lips.
"Oh, uh-" John stammered. Sherlock could feel John's eyes on the back of his head. Did he know that Sherlock was listening? Why was he nervous? "The latter, if I understand you correctly. He solves crimes, inevitably gets injured, and I stitch him back together. He asks me for my medical opinion on occasion, but typically I chase him around London and wrap a wound when I can."
"No one wants bad dreams, but they're going to happen sometimes." John paused, wondering how to rectify the situation. "Do you want to know a trick that I use to help me dream about good things?"
human. That implies we're animals when not in our human form. Most dragons will take offense to what you said. "
and it's rude to stare at them."
John walks to his bedroom and shuts the door. The water starts up immediately (John's letting it warm up before getting in), then the opening and (slamming) shut of various drawers as he pulls out night clothes, the
. It's not just that, however—John's infidelity is the cause of the breakup, and Sherlock is to blame for John's infidelity.
"As we all do, sir," the driver said, his Scottish accent giving the comment more of a humorous tone than it warranted; it made John smile.
There was a python squeezing John to death. John tried to move and couldn't.
The wording confuses John and he opens his mouth to speak, but Gerald clarifies in the next moment when he lies down on his back and rolls on a condom before slicking himself up. John sees immediately what Gerald means. He climbs carelessly on top of Gerald who grunts when John falls onto his gut instead of his thighs.
and he's wanted to wash this mad bastard's hair for about a million years, and he's damn well going to take advantage. A humming rumble starts in Sherlock's chest and vibrates against John's skin like pebbles falling against glass, and John thinks of a wiry, tetchy tomcat that comes around for five years, spitting and hissing every time you try to show it any affection before it lets you domesticate it, and then takes all of five minutes to become a lazy, fat housecat that sits in your lap and demands your attention every time you dare to look busy with something else.
He's never murdered anyone before, and certainly not with his bare hands. The fact that Blaine traded in human slavery doesn't seem to have tempered Sherlock's post-killing trauma. He dreams about Blaine constantly. Nightmares, not dreams. Cocaine seemed ideal initially. Kept him awake and all that. Ecstasy was nice, too. Lots of sex, both genders. (He prefers men, but he likes women as well. He's never felt the need everyone else has to
heart was—and is—you, and Moriarty had gone to great lengths to ensure that you would always be in danger unless I remained dead. No matter how many enemy agents Mycroft found, and destroyed, there was always another one to take his place.
!” Bradley roars, jumping to his feet. Then to Tate, he says, “Get him out of here!”
Caning: leather and acrylic (riding crop also available)
"Of course I am, you cockhead. You think I'm going to send him off for someone else to treat?"
After John comes out of the loo, Sherlock says, without looking at him, "You're doing it again," trying not to sound hostile. John moves around the bed to the dresser, and absently says, "Doing what again?" He picks his phone up off the dresser to check the time, and says, "It's five forty-three, you bastard! I could've slept another seventeen minutes."
John watches until Sherlock stops shaking, and then the dip of Sherlock's head, as he says
His beautiful dragon, preferably small enough to cuddle in his lap. Unfortunately, Sherlock hadn't been small enough to sit in his lap for many weeks.
"Mm," Sherlock says with a quiet laugh. "Gerald is clearly smarter than he looks."
"When you ask for something, you say
"No. You do nothing unless I tell you. Go to my room, take your clothes off, sit on the edge of the bed and wait for me, eyes on the floor."
"Oh, no, I learned about a lot of things. In fact, I want to play the violin so you'll need to buy me one. And I want a chemistry set. Not like for little kids, but a grown up one with a microscope. Aiden and I watched a show called
"That's an unusual name," John said quietly, sleep already creeping up on him. "How'd you come up with that?"
John's voice has the power of a slap in the face to drag Sherlock back to the present, and Sherlock does exactly as John says—he looks. John slips his hand into Sherlock's pants and readjusts his erection so that it lies up against his stomach, and then puts Sherlock's pants to rights, leaving the head of his erection exposed. There's something obscene about having just the tip of it exposed, but then John pulls the leg opening of Sherlock's pants to the side, and gently tugs one testicle out through the opening, and gives new meaning to
John said, grabbing Sherlock by the arm to stop him walking away.
"I said you wouldn't like it," Sherlock says, sounding miserable.
After he and Sherlock acknowledged their relationship, Sherlock offered to bottom, but John said he wasn't comfortable with it. And he
. It's just a joke, maybe between him and his fears. Or not a joke. An admonishment.
~Teddy~
(See the end of the chapter for
From the sitting room, John shouts, "I'm going to fucking
"Hey! I'll remind you that when we met, you said if you weren't married, you'd drag me off to bed, that you loved the boys who swung both ways—your words, not mine—because they weren't afraid to fuck rough and hard."
And then Sherlock said,
Sherlock had obediently stayed on the towel, but he was on his back, head curled up, trying to peer at his belly. Noticing John, he twisted his head around and said, "John, I want you to check and see if I have a penis, too."
John hasn't spoken much about Gerald. The dossier Mycroft put together on John's friends is really all he knows about them.
John nodded, but he didn't remove his hand. "I just need you to stay on the table, okay? Keep your tail out of the way so you're not making a mess all over the house."
His voice is: amenable, conversational. He speaks slowly, enunciating each syllable so there's no room for misinterpretation of his tone of voice. He's saying
"Do you have a kink?" he asks, leaning against the worktop.
John would've put his head in his hands if he wasn't being held down by a clingy dragon hatchling. "Sherlock, cuddling is generally something two people do together."
It's not the physical pain so much as the psychological pain of being violated, and that's the whole point. Rape isn't about sex. It's about power, which is why heterosexual men like Danilo can get an erection in order to rape a man. The second time Danilo rapes him, he doesn't even bother to use spit and he tears the skin around Sherlock's anus. The anal fissure is large enough that Sherlock's rule about not giving Danilo the satisfaction of vocalizing his pain goes out the window. He screams into his fist. Afterwards, he's in agony and there's no way to clean himself. He worries that having a bowel movement with an open wound will cause an abscess and that he'll die of sepsis.
unbearable to feel that helpless.
With that, John turned and headed towards Mrs. Hudson's door so he could take back his surly dragonet and give him a cuddle.
broken. And damaged. And fragile." John walks closer until he's standing right over Sherlock. "Physically and emotionally you are damaged and fragile. That's
he's probably having right now. Go!"
John waits, but that seems to be the end of the conversation. Of course, now he's curious. He heats the last of Mrs. Hudson's shepherd's pie in the microwave and sits in his chair with his tablet. There's a good book one of his colleagues suggested called
"I, on the other hand, am the most unpleasant, rude, ignorant, and all around obnoxious arsehole that anyone could possibly have the misfortune to meet. And, yet, the bravest, and kindest, and wisest human being I have ever had the good fortune of knowing, has redeemed me by the warmth and constancy of his friendship.
"When I'm in a session with a client?"
Why was he fine with the things Gerald did to him—some of which were pretty fucking kinky—but not this? The reason he fell into his relationship with Gerald with such ease was because he'd already struggled with his sexuality after Sherlock died. He'd accepted he was bisexual, and mourned Sherlock even more, and then he'd met Gerald, so it hadn't been a shock.
"Spread your goddamn legs. I need to get closer," John orders. He pulls on a pair of nitrile gloves, and says, "Curl your other fingers under, like you're gonna make a fist, but leave your thumb out, lying on its side."
I know, me too. If I can get him settled in today, I might be able to go 'round your flat tomorrow afternoon for a few hours.
John blanched. "Oh. That's—that's, like,
"So, you objected to wearing the shoes where someone you know might see?"
Sherlock frowned so hard, his eyebrow ridges nearly touched each other. "Why would you want to be by yourthelf when you have me?"
He needs to get out of the flat, to work. He needs John, to be
"Want to what?" Gerald asks, his voice drowsy.
"He wasn't
John holds onto the moment a little longer than he knows he should because this will probably be the only chance in his lifetime that he can
"I'm not—" she says, and then stops.
John's chair scrapes across the floor as he launches to his feet. "I wish you hadn't
would take care of you for
"Well, there's a first time for everything!" John says cheerfully. "Because
Sherlock knows he's lying. Not about them not having time—it must be close to the time John normally gets up, or he wouldn't have been rocking his hardon against Sherlock's arse—but Sherlock knows John still would've said no, even if they had all the time in the world. His jaw works as he tries to control the urge to slap John, but he rolls off as requested, and stares at the ceiling, trying to put a lid on his anger.
"Upstairs?"
"And I take it you were still in love with him when you met Gerald?"
"I don't care about my reputation," Sherlock snarls. John glares at Mycroft and slides his eyes towards the door.
Sherlock. The box isn't his style because it's a passive form of torture. No, Danilo is the one who likes to string Sherlock up and whip him with his belt, the belt buckle biting deep into his back. He's the one who has the depraved imagination, who comes up with ways to dehumanize Sherlock that go beyond a beating or withholding food.
John-ness
and went straight to the part where John was in his arms, kissing him.
, but he releases his hold on John instead, who climbs out of Sherlock's lap in a slightly amusing, uncoordinated way in the effort not to hurt him. John sets the blister pack of clonazepam on the desk.
"You should have a pen to put him in when he eats and another for him to use as a litter box."
because I
. He hopped back onto the bed and sat down, putting space between him and John.
"I think we can keep her at bay for at least twenty-four hours, Sherlock," John says with an annoyed air. "I'll answer the door in nothing but my pants and tell her Gerald is waiting for me in bed. She'll shove them in my hand and run for her flat."
"Uh, well, that's not something
"Whatever. I'm too tired to be mad," John says. "What do you want?"
"So, like I said—I will try."
The guards congratulate Zivko, slapping him on the back and telling him he's a man now. The boy actually smiles at their congratulations, but Sherlock can see the look in Danilo's eyes calculating how best to use this against Zivko. Sherlock has probably just made things worse for Zivko.
and he rushes to speak. "I meant, you wouldn't have been comfortable having unprotected sex with me—including oral—until my three month blood panel came back, which means you bought these assuming we would be having sex soon."
"Well, and, I hate to say this, but it's clear that some of that is a natural result of being so brilliant. I mean, look at Sherlock. His curiosity sometimes supersedes his need for food and rest. but unlike Mr. Holmes he's not
Rebecca says, "Mystery guest," gleefully, and dashes off to answer the door.
John has never met
The issue of pain medication for dragon hatchlings was resolved when John realized Sherlock had fallen asleep. Occasionally, as he slept, he worked his jaw on the chew rag without ever dropping it from his mouth or waking up.
"I'll need you to move out of the doorway, sir."
Gerald laughs. "High heels do amazing things for legs. They tighten the calves and elongate the line of your legs. I've seen you naked, and I can
which implies that you and John had a romantic relationship before you faked your death—
"Indeed. Listen, how long will it take before we arrive?"
John scoffs. "I'm pretty sure that's exactly what it means."
"Can I come sit next to you?" John asks.
John rolls his eyes. "Like you need my permission to
"102.6°. You're getting close, aren't you? Well, try not to hatch before I get some decent rest, you little bugger."
"I don't know how to—what if he rejects me when I bring it up?"
thing—he'll say
"When
On a whim, he pulls up an online dictionary and looks up the words
have to sabotage everything in my life that isn't about
"—poor niece, she were pregnant when he got sick. She were his favorite and same on his end. It was just back pain, and we thought he'd pulled a muscle. Finally, his doctor gives him a scan, and tells us it's lung cancer! That were six months ago, and he's been dead two—"
of even one injury, then it's lying, Sherlock. Don't pretend to be obtuse."
. The bar isn’t a gay bar, as such, but it’s known as a place to hook up with other men, and the average age of its patrons is thirty-nine. Since Blaine doesn’t go for young men - too prone to sentiment, too unpredictable - Sherlock doesn’t even have to fake a different personality.
"I know exactly what you came here for and I ask you again—do you want to play? We're not going to be doing anything extreme and we're certainly not doing it in here. I have things for my personal use. If you say stop, I'll stop and ask you to tell me red, yellow, or green, like we discussed.
, John! Oh, bloody, hell, we
the caretaker
John's cryptic text two hours ago was the last Sherlock heard from him. Sherlock has sent him a dozen texts since and received nothing. He even
John laughs, "You weren't a prickly, mad bastard who has the communication skills of a twelve year old boy."
For about ten seconds, nothing happened but then Chatsworth's eyes snapped open and focused on John. Even from that far away, there was something not quite human about Chatsworth's eyes. John resisted the urge to step back.
"About what?" Sherlock asks, drawn in despite himself.
texts from Rebecca. He says the same thing, but a little more firmly and turns his phone to vibrate. It sits in his pocket, buzzing angrily until, miserable with frustration, John stuffs it down between the seat cushion and arm of his chair.
Sherlock finds himself in the unique position of defending his older brother.
"I understand if you want to head home."
"John-"
"Ooh, and soopaheroes!" Rosie threw her arms up toward the ceiling as if she was flying away, and John chuckled.
They searched for an hour, going over the same spots multiple times, and came up with nothing. Frustrated, Sherlock growled and stood in the center of the room, glaring as he looked at the walls from afar.
"I'll go get Isabelle," John offered, moving toward the open basement door, "She must have a key."
"No, but..." He paused, clearly fighting over what he should confess and what he should keep to himself. "... Redbeard was the nickname of my childhood friend, the victim's son."
The man shouts, "No!" and scrambles across the floor to hide behind Lestrade's desk chair. "No no no-"
"Impressive." John remarked after a moment, which seemed to stun Sherlock. "I see how you've made a name for yourself, now." Sherlock stared at John blankly for a moment.
"You're hurt." He whispers. "Did he hurt you, too?" John's brows furrow curiously.
in her rambling.
"We thought about putting him in an interrogation room, but we didn't want to freak him out even more." One side of Lestrade's mouth turned downwards as the three men looked inside. "He wouldn't let us get close enough to see if the blood was his or not, but we didn't see any life-threatening, obvious injuries, so we corralled him in here."
"A man showed up claiming he was being chased by something then became unresponsive. They've got him sitting in Lestrade's office right now."
"Then hurry up already."
"Not at all. I firmly believe I'm the only London doctor that finds chasing after scalpel-wielding orderlies preying on their patients to be a fun break from the dullness of routine life." Sherlock snorted softly. "But I don't buy that you're a sociopath. At least not anymore."
John's heart thudded loudly at the idea of Sherlock considering 'coming home' to be coming back to him, to John. Back to 221b Baker Street, in all its eccentric, messy glory, where Sherlock's things and John's things mashed together until neither was ever really sure who brought what into the apartment (except the experimental equipment). He didn't know what to say, but he knew that Sherlock saying
Sherlock stopped walking. He heard John take a few steps toward him.
"It's likely the morphine," John replied, reaching over and grabbing one of Rosie's many bibs from a drawer, "so it wouldn't do much good to wake him."
"Well, let's see that happen."
"Trust me and
"Shock is gone." Sherlock replied. "Pain in tolerable, but moving is going to be difficult." John nodded, already knowing this, and looked around, hoping to see a chair. He saw a white table covered in scratch marks - Christ, they look like fingernail scratches - but not much else.
It took a moment for John to understand, and the panic that came with the doubt of what Sherlock wanted caused him to shakily supply, "Only if you want to. I'd like to - I mean, I want to be closer to you and, uh - and I don't think I want to be with... anyone... else." John trailed off, realizing he was rambling. Sherlock watched the strangely vulnerable doctor with a blank expression, but behind the mask Sherlock was struggling to comprehend the situation.
"What do they usually say?"
"I can't read them like you can." John reminded Sherlock blatantly, rolling his eyes. Sherlock stopped walking but he didn't stop searching. "Look, I'll question whoever is at reception while you're doing this, but don't expect any more than five minutes."
doctor, or as in his
"Some nit - the owner, me thinks - was passed out with it hidden in his desk drawer! I was expectin' a bit of coin, but instead I found that." Peter urged in a hushed whisper, sitting up a bit straighter, more confident. "Dumb cock didn't even notice me." John could tell the boy was thrilled.
"Do you remember everyone who was in your group with you?" Sherlock pried, glancing at John. John nodded and pulled out a pad and a pen from his breast pocket of his coat.
Sherlock knew that John preferred to work through the aftermath of his nightmares, but last night had seemed particularly difficult for John to cope with and, admittedly, Sherlock was concerned about John's mental state. He didn't want to press too hard, though - that only caused John to frill like an angry hedgehog. He worried that John was now in a similar state because of what Sherlock proposed to him, and when John glanced over at Sherlock because the detective didn't offer any remarks after John's answer, John could see it in Sherlock's eyes. In reality, sometimes Sherlock was just a tall kid and John was the guardian who Sherlock didn't want to disappoint.
"And how long would that be?" He questioned next. John grinned.
"John, you really must stop interrupting me."
Sherlock huffed in annoyance and walked toward the room again. It was about a five minute walk past cubicles and offices, but even then Sherlock only got halfway there before his phone buzzed again. He groaned in frustration and yanked his phone out of his pocket.
"Every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, at least for me." Oliver replied, and John breathed a bit easier. It had only been at the most a day since the meeting, then. "Everyone has a tailored schedule, though."
"Are you good, now?" John teased, the soft
John spent the majority of the night deciphering the secret message within the handwritten words that the paper contained. It wasn't simple, but for an educated man like John Watson, it wasn't particularly difficult, either. It took a bit of trial and error, but John figured it out and transcribed the true message onto a piece of parchment, tucking the original into his desk drawer. Once he was done, he limped below deck and consulted his map table and globe.
Sherlock let out a small breath that he'd been holding - he refused to believe that the word
"Focus on that and shut it." John told him sternly, looking into Sherlock's dazed eyes. He shifted and went back to work, pleased to find that Sherlock remained still. He was breathing a bit heavily, but John would rather have a breathless Sherlock than a restless Sherlock.
"I'm not sure. Why don't you tell me about the rat?" He prompts, leaning against the wall and crossing his arms. The man shakes his head furiously and looks down at the carpet around the chair.
"I kept hearing you in my head. I couldn't think, couldn't deduce anything. It was rather annoying."
"Sherlock..." John whispered with a small smirk at the corner of his lips, eyebrows furrowed. Sherlock blinked and met his eyes. "Are you... blushing?"
"Not even if you tried to." Sherlock's free hand ghosted over the small bullet scar on John's left shoulder blade. "
Sherlock grunted dismissively and John chuckled, guiding him through the flat. A few of Rosie's toys lay out on the floor, and they acted as landmines that Sherlock had to navigate with wobbly feet on his way to the couch. John kicked them gently out of his path as they went. Soon Sherlock turned and John eased him down onto the couch, keeping Sherlock from flopping onto it like he typically would.
"Our families came here on vacation," Sherlock answered, "back when we used to play pretend that we were pirates." John chuckled at the irony. Sherlock glared for a moment then continued to explain, albeit reluctantly, "He died when we were children. If his father made this, knowing I would follow it, or if it was really his son before he..." Sherlock trailed off and John's face settled into its resting expression.
Sherlock's eyes went wide and he felt his cheek with his hand, horrified to find that John was correct. He was blushing, and undoubtedly it was worse now that John had pointed it out. Sherlock looked away and avoided John's eyes, burning up under his intense stare.
"What are you looking for?" John asked, then offered, "I can get it for you. You should be resting."
"There's a lot you don't know about me, Peter," John sighed, "but you know enough to answer that question."
"What if I want to be close to you?" John asked, moving a couple centimeters closer. Now that he was sure that Sherlock wouldn't react
"Your turn." Sherlock gently hit John's knee with his hand, a teasing reminder and request to hurry up. John smirked, unbuttoning and unzipping his jeans. It was much easier to do it himself than to do it for someone else, so his jeans were off and tossed by the hamper within a moment.
Oliver nodded softly and relaxed, letting his legs fall from their position against his chest so he could sit normally in the armchair.
good enough." Sherlock whispered. "You're better than good enough, you're- you
"Us?" He cautiously repeated. John nodded.
True to his word, Sherlock remained still long enough for John to remove every stitch in his side. The promise of reward and the kiss they shared definitely helped keep his mind preoccupied, which was intriguing but not entirely surprising. Typically only cases and cocaine gave Sherlock that high of an adrenaline supply, but Sherlock had experienced a similar adrenaline spike a couple days ago when he and John shared a particularly wonderful kissing session that ended with fellatio, or as John called it, 'a blowjob'. John then left to brush his teeth and head to bed, and Sherlock then hacked into John's laptop to research what he'd experienced. A few hours later he was knee-deep in educational videos about homosexual intercourse, having learned that 'blowjob' was indeed an actual pseudonym for fellatio, and-
"Muffle yourself." John ordered. Dirty images filled Sherlock's mind and it was enough to pull him over the edge. John could feel Sherlock's orgasm hit him and, rightfully so, pressed his hand against the pillow on Sherlock's mouth. Sherlock moaned obscenely and John's entire body shook with the arousal it caused, Sherlock'd body acting like a vice grip around John's. The second Sherlock's moan began to trail off, John planted both hands on the mattress once more and started a brutal pace. Sherlock gripped the pillow with one hand and held it against his mouth while his other hand pumped his length, his heavy panting muffled.
Although the nightly torment had only started up again a month or two ago, John felt like he couldn't remember the last time he'd slept soundly through the night.
Yes, he could work with that.
John looked up from the microscope he was using, allowing himself to recline back a little in his stool.
He walked over to her lab bench, pulling out a stool beside Molly.
" There's no need for hypotheticals, you didn't until now. Problem solved."
He downloaded a file attached to the text, quickly skimming over its contents.
" ...What's the gun for?"
" Rain?"
" And I checked on the mould spores only fifteen minutes ago, so I have to wait a bit on those."
" It'll be over soon enough, though. I know these are rather cramped quarters."
" Tut tut, you aren't finished here yet. We haven't even made our way down the line."
" Hmm?"
" It'll be useful in organizing the information I find- you know, what I find interesting, what I expect to be popular. You will fill me in on any further references I don't understand. Capiche?"
John chuckled. "Take your time."
" That makes it curious."
" And you could've just shoved me off, you know. I wouldn't have noticed."
There was no point in arguing; if Sherlock didn't want to talk, he wasn't going to. John sunk further into his chair, leaning his head back so that he was staring at the ceiling of the car.
She gave him a slight smile, tugging lightly on her bottom eyelids.
Aside from his vision, all of his other senses worked just fine.
Judging by the baffled looks on their faces, they were at a loss.
John shrugged.
It was only when the whole lake was red, when wave after wave of faint crimson started lapping at the pebbly shore, that he let his movements grind to a halt.
Sherlock turned to look at John, his face blank.
John rolled his eyes, taking a moment to glance at his watch.
What did I dream?
He could tell he was sitting in an area with tall grass and pebbles. The grass tickled his arms as it moved gently in the wind, the palms of his hands pressing into the stones beneath him as he reclined back. Somewhere behind him, he could hear what sounded like cloth gently swaying in the breeze.
It didn't matter how many people he successfully treated in a day. All he could think about were those he couldn't save; every time he glanced down at his uniform, the aftermath of their last moments stared right back at him.
" A definite match," Molly called out from underneath the fume hood, popping out for a moment to read something off of her clipboard. She wrinkled her nose a bit before flipping a few pages over, skipping past pictures of the middle-aged victim's body.
He shut the phone off and slid it back in his pocket, folding his hands neatly in his lap. Although Sherlock wasn't directly looking at John, the ex-soldier could feel his gaze burning into him. He glanced over to find an unreadable expression on the detective's face, his fingers slowly drumming against his hand.
John heard a 'click' as the gun cocked back.
When they were a bit older, their interest transitioned from kites to bikes. Before even unpacking the rest of their things, they'd unstrap their bikes from the top of the car and race straight for the path. Whoever looped around back to the cabin first was the winner. He could almost hear it now- the click-click-click of his bike chain groaning in protest as he peddled, the teasing trill of his bell as he passed his sister...
" Or at least I thought it would've been rude to refuse."
" I suppose."
" It's just for me."
The looks on the women's faces, once elegant and unbothered, were suddenly pinched and grief-stricken. The ceiling was most definitely white, but just for a moment it seemed they were wearing black, and the moulding on the side of the wall almost passed as the edge of a coffin.
The whole world seemed to be working against him. With the purr of the engine softly humming all around him and the simple act of staring out a window enough to make him zone out, John was sure the already lengthy ride ahead of them was going to drag on even longer. He could already feel his eyelids getting heavy.
" -things wouldn't be as simple as taking a stroll forward."
As John laid in bed that night, staring blankly out his bedroom window, his mind felt like it was racing at a million miles an hour. How was he going to implement this information? Could he cook up a plan to somehow make use of this advantage?
Every time he awoke from a nightmare, all he could do was calm himself down and wait for the sun to come up. He could never let himself drift back to sleep because oftentimes the dream was lurking just beneath his eyelids. It would stalk him like a lion hunting its prey, just waiting for him to nod off before striking.
" I have a social life, Sherlock," he protested meekly, followed by a sip of tea.
He groggily saved both of the files for him, making a mental note to tell Sherlock off for exposing their flat to black mould, before shuffling himself off to his room. It was nearing four in the morning, meaning he'd only have to wait another two hours or so before getting ready for the day.
" If it has to do with Rosie, she's been great. Sherlock's parents are still watching her, I wanted her away from the flat for the Summer so she could experience a bit of normalcy-"
" But we're... you know, you and me- we're a team. The Yard should be able to handle a lunatic with a screwdriver by themselves. If anything, why couldn't we just finish that together and then focus on the crown?"
It would be more punishment than respite to be left alone, but he couldn't ever let his friend know that. There wasn't any getting around it. John cleared his throat, clutching the throw pillow in his arms a little tighter.
He was enamoured, but that much was to be expected. It had been nearly four days since their last interesting case, so the man was on the brink of insanity before Lestrade finally called them with something.
John Watson awoke with a start, his breathing jagged and desperate as his eyes blindly darted around his room. He forced himself to stay calm, sucking in harsh breaths as he let his head sink back into his pillow.
John shook his head as the car came to a complete stop just outside the building, shuddering slightly as the driver clambered out and shut his door behind him.
Sherlock glanced over, a politely puzzled expression on his face.
" You had your hands full doing what?"
" It would seem so, but no worries. Most residents are a little jumpy their first few times in the morgue."
He sat up in bed, resting his chin on his fist. For tonight, at least, he could escape the dreams- he'd slept long enough in the car to pull through tomorrow. But he would have to figure out how to sneak in naps around Sherlock more often. That was certainly going to be a task.
" I figured as such."
" What if I already have something lined up?"
" Something's on your mind, what's up?"
" I think her supervisors are still upset about your riding crop experiments, so I'd highly doubt it."
Sherlock nodded, nothing except the TV left to fill the silence in the room. John scoffed, shaking his head in disbelief.
" I suppose. But I don't think that's the only thing."
" Well, I quite do."
" So what exactly does he want us to do?"
John was feeling a bit euphoric himself, but not necessarily over the idea of a potential serial killer. Today could've been a coincidence, sure. Maybe he'd not been in a deep enough sleep to have a dream, or by dumb luck, he just hadn't had a nightmare. But if not...
He could still smell it. It was still there.
The rain had long since died down by the time they'd left the crime scene in Grendell. It would have made the car trip back all the more bearable, but John wasn't going to fight himself to stay awake. He let his eyes close, focusing on nothing more than the sound of Sherlock's breathing and the rumble of the motor. He drifted off within minutes.
" Probably an hour and a half, but with the rain, I'd say two."
The man in question eyed him from the side, waiting for him to continue.
" I will."
" You know enough."
" How many times have I told you to stop keeping them there?"
John had managed to find a small lake amongst all the chaos taking place around him. He hadn't bothered with stripping down before walking in, even leaving his boots on. The only thing he left on the shoreline was his gun and a trail of scarlet drops before hastily stumbling into the water.
" Nowhere, I'm just expecting a phone call."
Guilty conscience? John refrained from bombarding her with questions and nodded slowly. He could handle that- averting his gaze and taking shallow breaths would get him through it. But he had a feeling that wasn't where all this was going to stop.
" No, I'm not."
She turned to face him, her brown eyes timidly meeting his.
This was John's chance. The perfect set up was right there in front of him.
Not sitting at home watching The Office. He hardly liked watching television, anyway.
There was really nothing else for him to do, nothing that would keep the train rolling. It was unlikely he'd be able to keep it up for much longer, anyway.
The attending finished up with the supplies and headed over to him, flipping through a chart of her own. She tutted to herself, shaking her head. Her eyes remained glued to the papers as she continued.
John was most definitely benefiting from the increase in sleep. The bags clinging under his eyes were beginning to lighten, the mental sludge he'd been in for the past while suddenly lifted. He was feeling more and more human with every passing day.
" Where are you going?"
Rosie discovered the sprinkler this morning, bless her.
" It's not? Why'd he bother calling, then?"
" I'm not exactly an expert, Sherlock..."
He could feel his chest lighten slightly, his fists curling determinedly at his side.
Silence echoed back at him for a few moments.
When he found himself standing at the side of the first body, his stare fixed to the person's exposed neatly manicured fingernails, he came to a halt.
" I can feel my synapses firing less and less with every minute we spend in here doing nothing."
" When do you leave?"
John's eyes widened, the hand reaching for his mug faltering, as he came to a sudden realization. This could be just what he was looking for. Sherlock would be sitting there beside him watching the show, too. He'd be relatively quiet, and relatively still, for a pretty good amount of time...
As the door closed behind him, he raised a hand subconsciously to his face, running his fingers over the bags once more collecting under his eyes.
A few mornings later, John found himself sleepily tracing the top of his mug as he skimmed over the paper.
" I'll be right back."
" I had my hands full, it simply wasn't worth the effort."
1 new message: Unofficial Grandmum
" Well, I think the show's alright. Took Jim and Pam bloody forever to get together, though."
" Not that I'm trying to speak badly of you or anything, I'm not. You're fine- no, I shouldn't say you're fine. I mean- I still think highly of you, I'm not looking down on- it's just-" Molly sighed, thumping her forehead into the heel of her hand.
A sudden jolt of the car is what initially woke him up. He didn't even bother to open his eyes, he merely stirred against whatever he was leaning on before rapidly starting to slip back under. He could almost hear the ocean, the gentle tug and pull of the waves resounding around him. A small part of his brain knew that couldn't be right, though, as they were nowhere near a beach. It was only when the sounds briefly stopped as someone cleared their throat that John realized...
" I- it wasn't my attention to fall asleep," John muttered, his cheeks flushing in embarrassment.
" I suppose."
" Unfortunately."
" It must be a pop culture thing, then. Interesting."
He sat up from his spot on the couch, leisurely stretching out his arms as he did so. Sherlock's laptop was open on the coffee table, revealing two half-filled spreadsheets. One had information from the show, random time stamps and quotes scattered throughout it. The other contained absorption readings from samples labeled Stachy. #1, #2, and #3 respectively. John rolled his eyes at that.
She was quiet for a moment before nodding her head.
The realization was enough to make John blearily crack open his eyes, his head groggily turning this way and that so he could figure out what was going on. He was surprised to find resting against Sherlock's side, his cheek pressed snuggly against the man's shoulder. He glanced up slightly to see Sherlock with his fingers steepled beneath his chin, eyes closed in thought.
" I've got about three more days," John muttered to himself, stifling a yawn with the back of his hand.
" It was a good idea to take a nap, John. We'll be busy here for a little while, it looks like," Sherlock commented, an excited gleam in his eye.
" Do you know how long we'll be sitting here-"
Molly lifted off her mask with a sigh, rubbing at the marks it pressed into her forehead.
" Realizing that your actions have consequences. That your slip-ups have names."
He found himself once more suspended in inky blackness, but he wasn't panicking about that. If anything, the darkness was almost comforting. It made him focus on the soft lull of waves pushing and pulling against the beach, the water lapping up at his calves before retracting back out into the open sea. The feeling calmed him in a way he couldn't quite put his finger on.
"It's fine, John," Sherlock says with feigned boredom.
"—mare, Sherlock, wake up!"
Gerald stops, but still refuses to look at John. He just keeps swirling the tips of his fingers back and forth over the desk's surface and John watches, wishing he was the desk.
John gets up and walks in the direction of the tube station, fingering the empty bag.
"I—if I could go back to that night," Sherlock says quietly, hating the way his voice cracks and breaks. "I would've done it differently. I was greedy, and desperate, and
"Ugh! This is intolerable!" Mycroft said, throwing up his hands in exasperation.
In the taxi on the way home, Sherlock leans against John and buries his face in John's neck and sighs. "I'm sorry."
John couldn't say it, but Chatsworth must've seen it in his eyes.
The night is aglow with the lights of London, but here on this patio, shadows hug the edges of Gerald's face as he walks toward John. His hair is loose and longer than the last time John saw him, four months ago when he ended their relationship. Gerald is wearing a polo shirt and seersucker shorts and his feet are bare.
. Especially having watched what it did to this one—" He points to John, and says, "You're a right bastard, Sherlock Holmes, but
"One question, though. Why do I have to wait for you?"
talented, so the look on Gerald's face is positively heartbreaking. John makes a sympathetic face and then looks at his watch. It's almost six in the morning.
"No!" John says, like Sherlock has suggested something that everyone knows is completely unacceptable. "I mean, I don't want to drag anything out, but Sherlock, you have to understand—he wasn't just a replacement. He wasn't just something to fill my time with while I waited for you to come back because—as I've pointed out many times—I didn't think you
John has spent his whole life fighting for every bit of respect and authority he's has—and that includes
"What would you do if he fucked me?" John asks, and Sherlock thrusts into him and pulls out, establishing a faster rhythm, and says, harshly, "I'd fucking kill him," and John says, "Well, then you'd better make sure you spread your semen all over my body before we go to the next crime scene, so he knows better," and Sherlock makes a sound like
Rebecca takes a deep breath. John looks up at her face. Her lips are pursed. She's looking him over, a frown over her forehead. She smiles wistfully.
"When did the pain start, Mrs. Gonzales?"
"Yeah, I just drove another bloke to this address. He said he was gonna take the underground, but decided to splurge on a taxi. I picked him up down by the Baker Street station. I'm guessing you know him since you're going to the same address?"
"I know, and I was wrong. Wrong to blame you, and wrong to throw it in your face. I'm sorry."
would you want to say
implies that there will
said no. Why'd you say no?" Sherlock kneels on the bed and looms over John.
"You're a bastard, Mycroft Holmes!" John hisses, trying not to yell because Sherlock is still sleeping.
“I don’t know how you’ll do it, Holmes,” Tate says and shudders. “My skin crawls just thinking about him looking at me.”
, even though he'd rather get punched in the face than to tell Gerald it's
John can't help the sharp inhalation of breath, nor the way his heart seems to flutter in his chest, nor the tingling in his fingertips, the warmth that seems to bubble up from his chest, his spine, the tops of his thighs. His groin. Even as John tells his body not to react, Sherlock yanks John against him and John makes a noise that's supposed to be
John impatiently cuts her off. "What about the stomach pain? Did that start at the same time?"
you've been wrong, and in one day, too!"
wanted to work things out, didn't he? But
Later, Sherlock sees John and Gerald across the lawn, arms looped around the other's shoulders, heads bent together.
In the mirror, he practices smiling while saying
"Twenty years," John whispers in awe. "They loved each other for twenty years and never said a thing."
, and he knows, well—just me, but still. He won't get to know everyone else, will he? If he doesn't come?"
"Does he need watching?" John asked.
John pauses at that. Finally, he says, "I'll talk to him."
Sherlock's shivering so bad that when he shakes his head it isn't immediately evident, but when it is, John says, "Well, then. I'll just have to carry you downstairs."
dragon
. His face makes it pretty clear. John twirls his finger in the
noise Sherlock makes isn't exactly designed to encourage conversation. He shifts his shoulders, trying to get his body to relax.
." John made for his bedroom without looking to see if his dragon was following.
"I'm having some difficulties with Sherlock's treatment. I agreed to be Sherlock's doctor during his recovery
is what protects us," Holmes sneered, his eyes icy.
"I suppose, yes. I love hair. I like touching it. Don't you?"
"Sherlock, look—I'm here to talk about what happened in Serbia, and to help you deal with the issues you'll face trying to return to a city that thought you were dead. And, although we'll cover relationships—including flat mates, best mates, lovers, and random citizens—if I underwent a
John sits there, blinking. He's totally missed something and he has no idea what it is. He goes back over the conversation in his head.
John was surprised—and proud—that Sherlock was tactful enough to ask it telepathically rather than out loud.
before I learn everything! What if I don't have enough time to learn everything? How do I know which ones are the most important? How do I
of the bed, you'd have no need to be jumping back
, of course. Surprised. But then, I wasn't."
"You won't end it with him?" Sherlock asks, his fingers pausing in their furrows.
To John's surprise, Sherlock says, "Give him to me."
minutes. That would be just as bad as if you died!"
"Yeth, yeth! And my mouth huth and ith ithy." To underscore his point, Sherlock scoured at his mouth with a paw, his eyes screwed shut in discomfort.
have guessed it—if there's one person who could come back from the dead, it was Sherlock Holmes. I, I wasn't surprised, you see. I mean, I
He tries to cup John's face with his hands for a kiss, but his hands are cold and John smacks them away with a yelp. Gerald flinches and then stumbles on the uneven ground, bangs his knee into the solid marble gravestone, grunts in pain, bends over to look at his knee and falls on his face.
Sherlock's kneeling on John's side of the bed, digging through the drawer in the bedside table, with his mile long legs stretched over his own side, and John's trying to get around him so he can lie down the right way around, but John doesn't want to touch him from behind, not after last night—he doesn't want to touch him at all unless Sherlock is facing him, so he says, "Move—here, I need you to—" but Sherlock interrupts him with, "My god, John, it's like a sex-shop in here!" and John sighs, and sits down cross-legged at the end of the bed to wait.
"You have no idea how much I want you," Sherlock says, his voice hoarse with frustration and desire. "And just so we're clear, you were
—condom."
The bed was getting crowded, too. John and Sherlock had slept together from the first day they'd met, when Sherlock was still in the egg. John wasn't about to force him to sleep somewhere else or—worse—on the floor like a dog. But every night, John felt he was pushed further and further towards the edge of the bed.
to. I pander to clients and the public at large—I have allowed Mycroft to lock me away in the flat, to let the members of New Scotland Yard, and shadowy government agencies have control of my so-called return to polite society, have agreed to be imprisoned in my
"I, um, so you bought these with me in mind?" Sherlock asks, waiting for John to sneer and say
. John shouldn't be ordered around like a servant. They're supposed to be
"It's one of my favorite memories. I never told you, but—well, I didn't think I would run out of time to tell you, did I? So, I'm telling you now.
is also a
Sherlock has just spent four wasted months in an MI6 semi-secret facility training how to do what he's already been doing since he was a teenager - how to blend in, observe, collect data, and neutralize any impediments to the completion of the mission.
"We all knew!" Rebecca says. "Anyone who ever saw the two of them in the same room knew!"
more thing, though," John said.
"Sleep," Sherlock whispers, his eyes closed, his eyelashes making smudged shadows on his cheeks. "M'love."
" John shouted, startling Sherlock and Chatsworth both. Sherlock ducked his head, staring at the floor. John, feeling slightly ashamed for the volume of his outburst, continued nonetheless. "I cannot stay another night in this flat with you! You need to get out of here and go somewhere you won't be locked up in too little space with nothing to occupy you except finding new and mortifying ways of discussing penises!"
"Do you feel comfortable telling me what happened to you?"
again.
Gerald raises his eyebrow at the suggestion and John shakes his head affectionately.
fault?" John asks, wanting to sound comforting, but only sounding angry.
." She says it like it's a flaw in his personality. "There's a
"Okay, fine, fine. Should we sit down and talk with him about, like, safe sex?"
—back when John didn't have anyone else. Now, John has
"—mare, Sherlock, wake up!"
"I'm not one of your clients. I don't need to have the idiocy beat out of me."
"Why are you two whispering?" Sherlock asked, peering around John to Chatsworth.
"How long am I supposed to wait? A week, a month? How do I protect myself in the meantime? What if he doesn't feel—"
They allow Sherlock a bath and a razor. He has to put on a dress they've found for him somewhere. And, as they promised, Sherlock is required to put on red lipstick although he's spared the minor humiliation of having to wear women's underpants. Then they put him and Zivko in an interrogation room with a two-way mirror and lock them inside. Zivko looks terrified. The mic from behind the blacked-out glass is on and the guards start hissing and cat-calling. Zivko is trembling.
"I'm good." John's voice shakes though. "And you?"
"Yes, Sherlock," John says, trying to school his features into something more solemn and failing miserably. "Despite everything standing in our way, I'd hoped to get my lips wrapped around your knob sooner or later, preferably sooner."
mad, out of nowhere and he doesn't know why. Only he does, actually, because he swore to himself that he'd never make Sherlock feel that way, but then he went and did it, and now he doesn't know how to fix it—isn't sure he
"So, should we be worried?" John asked, sitting down next to Sherlock so he could pet him. He could feel the fever through Sherlock's hide.
Then he rested for a moment, trying to avoid thinking of anything because he didn't know how much longer he could endure the magical operant conditioning he was being subject to.
Sherlock blanches and Olivia holds out her hand for him to shake and says, "Ignore her. We try not to encourage her behavior."
"And Sherlock?"
Being short he's been underestimated his whole life. There's nothing especially manly about John, but after he met Gerald it became a moot point because, quite frankly, compared to Cyril and Gerald, John is practically
"I'm afraid that will be impossible."
"But you're
He types
1 song written
"There's a bag of toiletries in my duffel bag. Can you get it for me? I want to brush my teeth."
with desire, "Exactly. I want you to
"Yeah, okay, but other than getting all spiffed up like I'm going on a date, and wearing your coat and the shoes—I mean, like, okay—so I pack up the coat and shoes and take a taxi to your secret sin palace, and then we have sex?"
"I'm not sure how to put this delicately. Did Sherlock mention his sexual assault?"
John and Gerald pull apart to turn around in curiosity at the ruckus. Their respective partners are taunting each other and trying to land a friendly punch, looking like the world's largest twelve year old boys. John and Gerald grin at each other, and head back to the house.
—with how the quiet flat makes him feel—
—and tugs. John's momentarily overwhelmed by uncertainty, lying naked in bed with the man he loves—
"Oh, for God's sake, Sherlock, get in there and
to say to him?" she asks, putting her hand over his on the bar and giving it a gentle squeeze.
"I'll ring for a van." Chatsworth shook his head, already pulling his mobile out of his pocket. "We'll have to sneak Sherlock out since it's the middle of the day."
Sherlock doesn't however, and throws out his hands and says, "For god's sake, what could possibly need cleaning right now that takes precedence over me fucking you?"
Sherlock tries to smile back.
"That depends on many factors."
"Then what is?" John asks, glaring at Sherlock with pursed lips.
. Sherlock doesn't try to kiss John, though he wants to—he simply holds tight until his body stops shaking and his mind crawls its way out of the brume of anxiety. Vision and sound seem to assault him all at once, and he clings even tighter to John. Without realizing it, Sherlock's face is pressed against John's neck and he's whisper-moaning nine words repeatedly
"No, no, John. It's more like he's a cat in heat."
Sherlock's face turns ugly when John says
"Very well," Mycroft says, looking dubious. "Then I'll see you tomorrow evening."
In small batches, John ran the chicken organs through the mincer, separating them into lidded plastic containers as he went. Once all the meat was pureed, he put it in the fridge, washed the mincer, and put it on the draining board to dry. The worktop looked like a butcher block when he was done, but he only gave it the minimum cleaning. A sense of urgency had overtaken him and, after washing his hands, he rushed to the sitting room, pulling the thermometer out of his pocket as he went.
Finally, John crosses his arms and bends forward slightly, looking straight into Sherlock's eyes.
John hasn't even gotten them into pajamas, and he looks at his phone on the dresser, knowing it hasn't been twenty minutes yet, and sure enough—it's only been eleven. John looks back at the half-slumped, half-sitting form of Sherlock, and John thinks the fact that Sherlock had an orgasm, and
when they popped it back in.)
Next is—
humping my arse that woke me up!" John winces, and his face flames red. "I'm sorry," he says quietly, which makes Sherlock even angrier. "Are you being purposefully obtuse, John? Have I given you any indication that I didn't
"My cock works perfectly fine, thank you very much! I already got a bollocking from Sean about letting you make your own decisions and he's right, yeah? But the same is true for me. You can't make decisions that affect me without discussing it with me first."
"Because, John. I
He trotted down the stairs and knocked on the door of his landlady, Mrs. Hudson. He waited, but nobody answered his knock. With a huff of frustrated breath, John mounted the stairs to his flat and made himself a cup of tea. Then he sat in his chair and stared at the crate. In the end, curiosity overcame him and with a butter knife and some elbow grease, he levered up the lid.
John rubs the back of his neck and twists his lips to the side. "No?"
"Convenient," Gerald mutters.
to say to him?" she asks, putting her hand over his on the bar and giving it a gentle squeeze.
Gerald abruptly sits back on his heels and hooks his arms under John's knees and then leans forward. In seconds, John's thighs are pressed almost entirely against his chest and Gerald's cock is dangerously close to John's anus. John gasps, excited by the idea of being at the mercy of someone physically powerful, even though he knows that Gerald would never use physical force on him. (John can't explain how he knows that about someone he's known less than a dozen hours, but there it is). Besides, even if Gerald did try to force himself on John, he has no doubt he could fight him off.
for my freedom. "
John chuckles quietly. "Well, if anyone else asks, just tell them the same thing."
"What does Gerald need?" Sherlock asks with a twist of his lips.
After the fight, Sherlock is exhausted, weary in a way he hasn't been since he first came back from Serbia. He feels shattered and too vulnerable, inhabiting a body that isn't his. He can't bear to look at John, to see the confusion and wariness in his eyes.
"Don't be silly," Gerald says with a little smirk. "It doesn't matter what you call me—they'll all sound the same when you're begging. Now hurry up!"
"Why weren't he and Cyril together?"
"All right, well, hold that visual for now and watch me."
"I want you to do the same to me, fill me up with your semen, paint it all over my skin, and then plug me up, and then I could walk around London with you inside me, and on me, even when you weren't there. We could go to a crime scene, and I would know, and you would know that I'm full of your semen, and I'd take you somewhere private, and I'd be wearing my seven hundred and fifty pound trousers, but I'd still get on my knees in a dirty alley, or in the dirt hidden behind a tree in the park, or on a public bathroom, and you'd fuck my face, while I wore your cum on my body and inside my arse, and when you got close to orgasm, I'd pull off, finish you with my hand, and let you come all over my expensive trousers. I'd ride in a cab with your semen all over me, and when you weren't here, and I wanted to get off, I could stuff my dirty trousers in my mouth while I mastur—"
"I didn't think you wanted me
"Sh," Sherlock whispers. "I'm hugging you."
of love, whether from friends, family, or best friends. You said you've known he was attracted to you for three years, implying that he's been pining for you, but you also used the same language as a wronged partner—you said he was dating
John relaxes his posture so he doesn't give himself away. "Yeah, I can check up there in a bit. Oh, your brother called me this morning."
“God, your fucking
"Sleep, my love," John whispers, brushing away another round of tears off of his own face with a brisk swipe of the back of his hand, and then brushing sooty, damp curls off Sherlock's forehead.
"It's a good thing we all—wait, what?" John asks, his brain trying to process the abrupt turn the conversation has taken.
. For god's sake, you fucked me in that bed the
as well, so everyone is given the same story. When Gerald answers, John takes a second to soak up the soothing sound of his voice.
Sherlock sleeps until mid-afternoon, and when he shuffles out of the bedroom, it only takes one look at John's face to know that he's read the brief, that he knows what happened to Sherlock in Serbia. Sherlock's vibrating with a combination of anger and shame. He'd almost gotten away with it. Of course, hiding the brief was very childish, but he was desperate.
John begins to explore his sexuality with Gerald's help.
"Safe as houses? I think you mean you'll be safe as
"John," Sherlock says, drawing John's name out so it sounds like
. It's this
"I did," John says.
Despite Sherlock's request, John runs up the stairs to the second floor bedroom, and opens it without even bothering to knock. He finds Sherlock huddled in the corner of the bed, against the wall, with his knees drawn up, and looking miserable. He looks like he's been hit with the flu, and John is immediately on alert.
He doesn't know when Gerald moved closer to him even though he's staring right at him, and then Gerald is right in front of him. He smiles gently, which is why John doesn't fight back when Gerald puts one hand behind his neck and the other on his arm and spins him around and presses him roughly against the filing cabinet behind them. John grunts at the impact.
But it doesn't go away.
John, alone in the kitchen, felt like an arsehole.
) knows he's opened his eyes.
! Not just to comfort John, but to kiss him, to suck him, to fuck him, to erase Gerald from his body and his heart, and then he wants John to do all those things to him, for the same reason—to scrub clean Sherlock's defiled body and heart.
"All right, then," John says, feeling smug. Sherlock settles back against him. "Let's do it."
John's heart rate goes up and he feels his face heat in embarrassment, as though he's been caught doing something wrong. "No, I—well a bit, when I was—younger, and still thought I was going to meet a nice, normal woman, and settle down. As opposed to a mad bastard. He'd probably experiment on any child of ours. But, I mean—that's just—not that we would have a child for him to experiment on. It’s just, we would be
Before anyone could say anything further, a good-looking man with spiky grey hair and golden skin breezed into the room. He wore an untailored suit without a tie. "Good morning everyone," he said in a strong London accent.
, running on a ticker tape through his mind, and John reaches up, pushes a sweaty curl out of Sherlock's eyes, and says, "You're gloating, aren't you?" and Sherlock grins, and tucks his face into John's neck. "A little," he says, voice muffled by John's sweaty skin.
know I was your emergency contact?"
"Oh, you can just take your excuses and, and—I mean,
John pounds back up the stairs and down the hall. "Condoms!" he crows triumphantly, and throws the box on the bed.
"No, see
after I realized you were attracted to me.
"I did," John says without self-consciousness and then lifts his head off the pillow to bury his nose against Gerald's scalp, sniffing with cartoonish exaggeration.
it didn't mean I was less of a man. Except, it felt exactly like that."
"You're in for a tongue-lashing when you get home, eh, John?" Lestrade asks, grinning after Sherlock.
"No. He can't shift until he reaches a certain maturity."
"Yes," Mycroft says simply.
Twenty-four minutes later, John came into the flat and greeted Sherlock with, "I had to buy a mincer for you, I'll have you know." Sherlock's relief was palpable and John stroked the egg reassuringly as he passed it on the way to the kitchen. "You have such a lovely egg. It'll almost be a shame when you break out of it."
but when he opens his mouth all that comes out is a croak, and he gives up trying to speak in favor of encouraging his mouth to produce enough saliva to wet his parched throat.
"He wouldn't be with you if he didn't want you," Gerald says.
"Well, yeah, that's true," John says with a grimace. "But that doesn't change the fact that I'm in love with you. Also, I kind of maybe threw that in there just to make the point that you're always sticking your nose in everything. Besides, I always choose you in the end, don't I?"
The photo captures a private moment, one that shouldn't have been caught on film by one of Mycroft's agents. One that
But he can't! He doesn't know
Mrs. Hudson waved her hand in the air and said, "Oh, John, don't worry about me. It may have been a long time since I cared for a dragon hatchling, but I remember what it's like. Mycroft was an absolute terror!"
just my sidekick. You have always been my
, the way he always does when he's exasperated. "It's a
"The house we're renting for the next few months."
! Every—"
he'd taught Sherlock about
John takes his tea and sits down at the kitchen table to drink it, staring off into space. He has yesterday's paper spread out before him, but he's not reading it. He's remembering every detail of last night (and trying not to get hard while he's at it.)
"I want to fuck you," Sherlock bites out, and wishes he could crawl inside John's mind, pick through all his secrets, all his most shameful lustful thoughts. There has got to be a wildly depraved man in there somewhere.
John stares at him. "Give me more details than
door open and then close, hears the muted rustling of John getting dressed, then the whisper of John's duvet being pulled back. John's mattress is memory foam and makes no noise
Seeing how affected Gerald is by the partial removal of his shirt, John decides to leave the top few buttons undone. He's not sure how far he wants to go tonight but he's certain he wants to spend as much time as needed kissing Gerald until he's unraveling. John knows how to take a lover apart and considers foreplay to be the main dish of a sexual encounter. Penetration and his orgasm are just dessert.
getting naked?" John asked him.
"Fine!" Zivko relents.
"I have—" John starts to say, but gets cut off by Sherlock.
"Olivia said he was unusually content while I was there."
"Good," John said. He held up his hands, palms out. "Stay just like that, okay?"
John closes his eyes and lips, and blindly seeks Sherlock's penis, and Sherlock cries out at the sight of John trying to position his face to catch Sherlock's cum. His body convulses, and the almost violent power of the orgasm tears through his nervous system. He shoots semen onto John's nose and cheek, then chin, throat, and the last sputtering dribbles land on his chest.
after all. I assume you'll give my apologies to your friends on Saturday. After all, we wouldn't want to expose Milton to a sexual deviant."
Sherlock's face is beginning to look hopeful, which fertilizes a knot of growing dread in John's stomach. He
"That's half my job done, then," Dr. Reed says with a laugh. "Is there anything specific you want to work on during our phone calls?"
"Not straight anymore," John points out.
. Truth has escaped and is hell bent on running wild in John's life, and John will let it, he'll even help it wreak havoc. Tomorrow. A great, jaw-cracking yawn hits him over the head right before sleep steals what's left of the day away.
"Make it thop, John!"
"Whatever you decide is fine, John," Sherlock says, trying to be accommodating.
in the conversation? How about
One of the prescriptions John gave Gerald for Sherlock is for 2 mg clonazepam that dissolves on the tongue and is, therefore, quick acting. The other prescription was for 5 mg liquid melatonin to be administered sublingually. That, too, is quick acting.
"How embarrassing," John mumbles.
By the time Sherlock has undressed Blaine down to his pants, Blaine is breathing hard and his pupils have almost blotted out his irises. His lids are at half-mast because his pupils are so large that the light is too bright. Sherlock is still dressed and Blaine’s hands are reaching for his buttons with clumsy intent and Sherlock takes that opportunity to slip his fingers into Blaine’s pants. He takes a few steps away, his fingers tugging from inside the waistband of Blaine's pants. He follows obediently and Sherlock almost laughs. Blaine's pants have turned into a leash.
as you so quaintly put it," Sherlock says with enough scorn to melt Dr. Reed's face off. "John Watson is
"Why are
—Sherlock is perfectly happy with what I've made for him, aren't you Sherlock?"
"Very good, John," Gerald says and goes back to petting John's head.
Here we are at the end of our journey. I posted the first story/chapter at the end of May so we've come a long way with each other. As some of you know, my beloved dog Pippin went into late stage heart failure in October, and on the 16 of October, we made the decision to euthanize him. On a cool October afternoon I drove him to the vet and then drove back home an hour later with a void in my life.
"None of us would want to stand in the way of that—not even Gerald. We're all sentimental fools who never quite grew up, and we all believe in true love. It'll take a while, but you and Gerald will be friends again, because there's too much love and affection there. Plus, it won't be fun getting together with everyone if you and Gerald glare at each other the whole time."
"Huh," John says, his face unreadable. He blinks his eyes a few times, tilts his head, then opens his mouth to say something.
"I'll wait here until you're done," John says.
John asked, "and what are they meant to be doing with a laptop?"
"Dammit, John! He was my prime suspect and I was in the process of trying to gather information for the case!"
"No, no I didn't understand. How can I understand something that's so completely outside my ken? You said that dragons mate for life and that a dragon knows, but what about hapless humans like me? I don't know anything about this version of Sherlock. He's—"
“His boyfriend?” Sherlock asks Mycroft. Sherlock’s voice is hoarse, his larynx inflamed because of the screaming he did, both when Danila was beating him, and when the MI6 agent dislocated his shoulder (and then
about the fact that I'm about to put this thing in your arse, and fill it up with anal lube, and then I'm going to put my
"What's his name?" she asks, but when John opens his mouth and starts shaking his head, she interrupts him. "Never mind, forget I asked. Look—do you love this man?"
With that, he left John standing there alone, mouth gaping. "What. The. Ever loving bloody fuck just happened?" he asked the empty room.
and maybe
Sherlock scowled but was immediately distracted by Chatsworth's efficient unveiling of his body. "Oh, you're very
"Do I need to?"
But how do they move past it without having to talk it to death? Sex always works to deflect. Especially with John who's about the horniest man Sherlock has ever met. Maybe he should point that out to John. One needs a lot of testosterone to manage that kind of libido. It would sound like he's placating John, though, no matter how true. Maybe sex first, then a discussion of all the qualities Sherlock loves about John, things he considers
"Hm," John murmurs thoughtfully. "Not a large enough pool of subjects to extrapolate data from," he answers, sounding exactly like Sherlock, reminding him of the two hours he's just spent talking about him. He tells Gerald, "You're so easy to talk to."
He seems transfixed by Sherlock's penis, who returns the feelings with a happy little twitch. John's fingers dig into Sherlock's skin. John pushes himself abruptly to his feet.
"You've gone a bit goofy again," Rebecca says, annoyed and a bit petulant. "I thought you'd be the least moony out of the two of you—"
Sherlock drops his head into his hands and weeps. John's fingers card through his hair. John murmurs
“Drink?” Blaine asks, hanging up his jacket. He takes Sherlock’s, too.
"Yes, Sherlock," John says, trying to school his features into something more solemn and failing miserably. "Despite everything standing in our way, I'd hoped to get my lips wrapped around your knob sooner or later, preferably sooner."
wake you up for the dihydrocodeinone.
John's nostrils are flaring. His jaw is clenched so tightly that it's making his head hurt, but he forces his voice to sound calm. "I'd not even wrapped my own head around what happened yet, much less know how to tell you."
a hero. None of the people out there on that platform is delusional about that fact."
John doesn't know if his heartbreak is because Sherlock felt he
. Suddenly his head jerks down, his shoulders hunched around his neck as though
a young one, yes, but still—he's a fully autonomous dragon. If you keep telling him he's too young to make his own decisions, you're going to handicap him."
"Okay?" John asks.
John puts his phone in his pocket, stalks towards the door to the flat and pulls his coat off its hook. He pushes his arms into it and then zips it up.
? I feel like I don't know you anymore! I keep expecting you to suddenly wake up as your old self, and then I'll be relegated to the sidekick position again. What happens when you're taking cases again, when you have your puzzles and mysteries to solve?"
"What?" Sherlock asks, one eye squinting.
"Thursday night," John says, his eyes flicking up to Gerald's, then skittering away again at what he finds there.
"I know you want to come, John, I can feel it building in your body. Let it go. I want to
"Yeah, but. I mean, he's
John gets a chair from the desk and brings it up right next to Sherlock's. He sits down and lays his hand on Sherlock's left forearm and squeezes it gently and Sherlock feels his defenses breaking down. He opens his mouth to say something like
said—
"I want to work lube into your hole, opening it up for me so that when I breach your body, you can hear the slick squelch as my cock stretches the walls of your rectum, making way for me. I love a slow, filthy fuck, to make it last long enough that we need another round of lube. I want to bend you in half, and fuck you so hard that a grunt is forced out of you every time I drive my hips forward and split your body with my cock."
"And your name is…?"
"What," Sherlock says, holding up something blue and plastic, "is this?"
"You said last night that all this time, you thought I didn't want you because you were a man when it turns out I just didn't want
John licks his lips and nods. Sherlock sucks on John's throat and continues to lightly tease John's cock with his fingers as he speaks.
ago—Gerald in the bathroom at Baker Street, sitting on a towel on the toilet, waiting for John to stitch up the split lip John had given him during a PTSD nightmare, and the two of them laughing, Gerald trying to laugh without moving his stinging lip, the sound like
"Were you beaten?" John asks abruptly.
They shake.
Mrs. Hudson pursed her lips in disapproval. "I'll give you his assistant's number. She'll make sure you get set up properly for your wages and pension."
John finds the appropriate file and puts it on the table. He starts pulling things out. Sherlock's t-shirts and pajama bottoms, he pulls out and lays on the other chair. John handles Sherlock's clothes like they're precious things, carrying them over to the other chair, setting them down and giving them a little pat. Something in Sherlock's chest starts to loosen. Then John takes out the boxes and tubes of medicines prescribed by the doctors at the embassy.
and...should be ashamed I could think this an aphrodisiac...got along just fine without you sticking your beautiful nose in...
Finally, John looked up at Mycroft. "Will you answer my questions now?"
He sits down in his chair and stares at Sherlock's chair but he's not really looking at the chair. He's looking at Sherlock on the roof of St. Bart's. He watches Sherlock fall and then he watches him fall again. His mind starts adding in extra details – the fear Sherlock must've felt as he fell. The sound his body would have made when it hit the ground.
, Sherlock said.
"Oh, god, Sherlock—I've got to—
"Yeah," he says, letting his grin out, rubbing his hand over his mouth, almost shy about his incessant lustful thoughts, and his pride in the lush arse being discussed, as though it's an accomplishment he achieved with hard work and perseverance. (Though it is, kind of, when he thinks about it. There is no possible reality in which it can be said that having a love affair with Sherlock Holmes is
"I don't think you're dethtined to thave humanity, John," Sherlock said.
Sherlock reaches for John and John allows himself to be pulled into Sherlock's arms. He settles between Sherlock's thighs, his back to Sherlock's front, and Sherlock brings his heels up and tucks them between John's knees, while his arms pin John against him.
"John, please get down on your knees." Gerald's voice is calm and polite, not demanding.
With wide eyes, John asked Mycroft, "How long does it normally take for a dragon to hatch?" It pained him greatly to ask his next question. "What do I do?"
The FBI and MI6 have already coordinated with each other; a target and mission have been set. All Sherlock must do is see it through to the end without either getting killed or blowing his cover. The target is a man called Blaine Whitney, the second in command. Blaine Whitney is gay, something only a handful of people in the world know. As Sherlock is constantly reminded, "over five hundred hours of surveillance and the death of an FBI agent has gone into finding out this information."
"You've gone a bit goofy again," Rebecca says, annoyed and a bit petulant. "I thought you'd be the least moony out of the two of you—"
"No." John snaps out the word.
"I'd rather you slept down here."
*According to contract, I will not use any implements brought from your home. You must pick from this list!
by those—"
"You can take a shower and shave later, but for now I want you to go back to sleep. You're going to get at least eight hours of sleep a night for the next month, maybe longer."
To New Orleans
chicken livers."
Sherlock pulled at the homemade bib.
Sherlock, looking indignant, opens his mouth to defend himself when John and Lestrade dissolve into laughter. Sherlock, now looking outraged, stalks off towards the street and disappears around the corner of the building.
Sherlock's body remained bold and sleek. Sunlight glanced off the opalescent accents along his jaw and sides, flashing like fire. The shaft of sunlight widened, as though it too was drawn inexorably to Sherlock.
From the kitchen, John heard the choking sound of Chatsworth attempting not to laugh. In consternation, John called to the kitchen, "Why don't
that a frozen chicken leg bone worked wonders. Obviously, the book said to strip it of anything the baby could choke on. My nipples were being gnawed to shreds, so I was willing to give it a go. It was the only thing that ever worked for my son. When my daughter was teething, she had her thumb, so all I had to deal with in her case was copious amounts of drool.
, I do. I want to take you gently, and I want to take you roughly. I want to be above you, and behind you, and below you. I want you to feel the weight of my love, and the power of my lust—
he do it, I wonder. And here I was, meek and faithful, doing my best to support you, berating myself for being jealous. Tell me—is there a reason why you're only telling me this
"I've always loved a bit of suturing with my tea," Sherlock says.
"You have always walked the fence between being a
John hasn’t changed anything since Sherlock died, but looking around the flat, he sees things that he wants to change, though not anytime soon, and things he might change, but not for a very long time. The bottom line is that he can't cling to Sherlock forever. It's not the
Sherlock drags Blaine’s preparation out in the same way he did undressing him. It’s not necessary to keep adding the slippery gel to his fingers or to keep pushing them in and out of Blaine’s arsehole, but Sherlock does it anyway. Blaine’s prick drips and drips, and still Sherlock fucks him with his fingers, letting the tip of his middle finger caress Blaine’s prostate at random intervals. He takes his fingers out altogether and Blaine’s focus zeroes on Sherlock. Sherlock strokes Blaine’s dick, his grip too tight, the strokes just enough for Blaine to begin panting, and then he stops and shoves three fingers back into Blaine. Another drop of pre-cum falls on Blaine’s belly. Sherlock takes a savage pleasure in watching Blaine’s face as he twists and pulls inside Blaine’s body.
Now both John's hands are resting on Sherlock's knees, and he's using them to push himself upright, when Sherlock catches him around the hips and jerks John toward him. The pain leaves him groaning before he bites it off, and John, alarmed, bends closer. Sherlock takes the opportunity to pull John onto his lap, gritting his teeth against the pain.
of her kitten heels on the stairs. She bursts into the room, her makeup streaked with tears while her eyes continue to flood with more. She covers her mouth with both hands and Sherlock stands up gingerly. She starts to rush to Sherlock, and John shouts out
"Well, when you told him about our—wait," Sherlock says slowly, creeping closer to the bed, eyes hooded like they were when he was seeing the things nobody else could. "
"Yes. Madly in love, it turns out. I wouldn't have started anything with Gerald otherwise. It's not a matter of using Gerald as a replacement for this man. He was never coming back, and I had no idea where to find him even if that had been an option. So, I moved on and fell in love with Gerald, and I would've spent the rest of my life with him. I know this sounds hokey, but Sh—I mean this other man, well—he’s the love of my life, you know?"
"Are you getting out, then?"
"A place. Is that where you take all the men you're trying to seduce? You have a secret sin palace?"
John looks at her in surprise, and says, "Oh, were you talking? I'm sorry. I thought I'd made it clear we were moving on from that subject." John fiddles with his glass. Shakes his head. Tries to speak. Doesn't.
Sherlock gave John a grin that looked far too smug for John's comfort. He groaned and rubbed his face. He wouldn't trade his dragon for anything, but was it too much to ask that Sherlock be slightly more reasonable? Clearly arrogance was genetic because Sherlock definitely took after Mycroft in that regard. Oh, and they shared the arched eyebrow that managed to convey all kinds of despairing things about one's intelligence.
John rolled his eyes. "It's a good thing I love you because you are
, and I want that with you in every sense of the word."
"Did you look in every orifice?"
"What file?" John asks, staring at the duffel like it holds the mysteries of the universe.
Sherlock rolled over and gracefully pushed up so he was sitting on his haunches.
sign.
"How are your ribs?" John asks, slightly breathless.
, Sherlock said and then curled himself up in John's lap, his drooling face lifted towards John's.
John crouches in front of Sherlock and his hand strokes up and down Sherlock's thigh in a soothing motion. He doesn't realize he's doing it. "All right?" John asks.
"If you're asking if he's within hearing range, then, yes, he's in the room with me. He's glaring at me right now actually."
? Dragons can cast
, Sherlock grumbled.
"God, John, I want to you so much I can't think straight," Gerald says softly.
“You would do that for me?” he asks, conveying tentative hope.
It’s a ridiculous lie, but Sherlock can see the resolve in Blaine’s eyes.
"Apparently as many times as I have to tell
"Look, he can't sleep and he's in pain because he started teething."
he want to be blindfolded? No, he doesn't. He keeps his eyes down.
your freedom, Sherlock. And you're not
where you're wrong—technically that's
"I'm the Jasper of my relationship with Sherlock."
sick, it would have to be magic that directly affected him, not just magic performed in his presence, like the man transforming into the dragon.
"How do I figure the dosage?"
John's body eases into this skin the way he used to ease his way into a woman's body, the way he used to ease his hand into someone's guts to save their life because it was what he
For the first time since he'd met him, John saw impatience flicker over Chatsworth's face. "Look, John, I know this isn't how it's done with born-humans, but dragons are different. You can't keep him wrapped up in cotton wool." He held up a hand to forestall whatever John was going to say. "You keep saying he's too young, but he's
Maybe it's that. Or maybe Gerald just means
He finds Gerald in his office, leaning up against his filing cabinet and staring at his hands. John knocks on the doorframe.
John loves kissing Gerald. His lips are soft and he's responsive to the tiniest nips and pecks. It's a microcosm of his responsiveness to touch altogether. John asked him a week after they met if he'd always been that responsive and Gerald's eyes had got a bit shifty, prompting John to conclude the answer was no, but Gerald was unwilling to admit it, probably because he was afraid to drive John away with an admission like that so early in their relationship.
"John,
"Okay," John says carefully.
. Chatsworth grimaced sheepishly while also struggling not to laugh.
John cracks one eye open and smiles softly. He nods and closes his eyes. He doesn't say anything else and neither does Gerald, but something between them has changed. It won't be until a day later that John can put his finger on what's changed and when he does, it surprises him.
heart was—and is—you, and Moriarty had gone to great lengths to ensure that you would always be in danger unless I remained dead. No matter how many enemy agents Mycroft found, and destroyed, there was always another one to take his place.
"Fast and dirty it is, then," John says.
"I just don't want to trigger any—"
It was
John, overwhelmed by wonder, fell into his chair, wide-eyed.
"Where have you been?" Sherlock demands, sounding like an angry wife. "You have not responded to
"He wouldn't be with you if he didn't want you," Gerald says.
Sherlock’s shaking fingers don’t find a pulse. He lays his head on Blaine’s chest and waits. His heart is pounding so hard he can’t tell if Blaine’s heart is beating. He hears nothing.
, he thinks. Abruptly, John realizes that the reverse is also true.
"I told you they decided to have a private ceremony, just the two of them, and then host a weekend wedding reception."
John rubbed his chin on the soft jut of Sherlock's snout and laughed. "It's just a saying. It means you'll have other things to occupy your time and won't be thinking of me being gone every minute."
decisions and feelings. 'I get that you're not to blame for your wife leaving you. But just because she hurt you doesn't mean her
"Very good, John. Glad you can keep up."
hugs. This is an embrace, a clinging, protective hold that tries to express in touch what feels too difficult to say in person—
"Oh, that's hot, Sherlock, seriously—who wouldn't drop their trousers at the words
By the time he's stuffed John's arse with two fingers
, Sherlock said, not entirely convinced.
Sherlock hesitates. The minute he goes home with Blaine, he’s on his own. He can contact Tate via his mobile, but there won’t be any quick rescue if Blaine hurts him, and even though there’s no evidence that Blaine treats his lovers anything but courteously (and bounteously, to go by the price tags on some of his gifts), Sherlock wants to make sure his cock isn’t the one making the decision for him.
"Yes. I can crush it up and put it into his food or—"
John looked at him blankly. "That's not a secret, Sherlock. We all know Chatsworth is working for Mycroft."
“Jesus!”
"No, this," Gerald says.
"I'm your emergency contact. Did
"C'mon, Sherlock, you know it's not that simple," John says, scooting to the edge of the bed before getting to his feet with a weary groan. "We can't just jump into bed together."
"You want to give flying a try, Sherlock?" Chatsworth asked over his shoulder as he opened the gate with a remote and drove through.
They walk up the stairs to the flat, while Sherlock rips into the envelope. Inside are two 140-pound cardstock notes, one regarding hotel accommodations, directions, etc., and one the actual invitation.
. He was still on his hands and knees, but Sherlock was urging him up, both hands gripping John's arms now. John stood, dusted his hands and knees off and tried to look at Chatsworth without his brain overreacting.
But Sherlock no longer offers and John's afraid to ask.
"And did she? Yell at you, that is?" John asks, turning over onto his side, fascinated by Gerald's frank confession.
John knows this next part, because he's seen it after every flashback—the transition from threat-alert-maximum-red-blaring-klaxon-defcon-five-times-a-hundred, to
He hunted for tape, trying to keep his mind expressionless in order to complete his mission before being hit with more memories.
"You don't know that," John says, leaning against the wall separating the kitchen from the sitting room. He looks down at his feet and Sherlock waits for him to speak.
You don't get to come in here with this—this
"What are you, fourteen years old?" John laughs. He's grateful for the laughter and he knows that's why Gerald has done it.
"It's you," Sherlock blurts out.
Sherlock nods once and Blaine’s face breaks out into boyish delight. Sherlock can almost forget he runs a human trafficking ring.
John comes home carrying the scent of London with him, the smell of hospital, the Tube, blood, exhaust. He usually showers as soon as he gets home, but Sherlock prefers John like this—smelling of the city they love, the heartbeat they share—and from this moment on, the memory of this, their first
John found himself alone with a bloody (literally), troublesome, sleeping baby dragon. Though, perhaps not a
“I can’t leave my kids, but once you’re safely away, and they stop coming after you, I can get you set up somewhere close.”
Sherlock rushes towards John, his arm held out, finger pointing at John like a spear, "You're afraid to trigger a flashback or panic attack—goddammit, John, how many times do I have to explain it? You think that just because some bastard stuck his dick in me while I was held prisoner and tortured for information—"
The kiss—if it can be called a kiss—is sloppy and wet and completely fueled by hunger with no thought for technique. John  hesitates and then kisses him back, knowing he'll regret it. He allows himself sixty seconds to enjoy it.
man—with every last whatever-it's-worth piece of himself buried way down in Sherlock's bones.
is also a
. It's this
"Nothing really. His wounds pretty much told me what happened."
for it on occasion. He's gone head to head with some very idiotic commanding officers or hospital superiors, and had to make the call without disobeying orders. It's made him a little wily, maybe, but not underhanded. He attacks problems head on, out in the open. He's made stupid mistakes and been reamed by the higher ups, but Sherlock is the only person John's ever met who makes him feel stupid.
All that's left in the room is Sherlock's old bed, a desk and chair, the bedside table, and a small lamp. John never did anything but sleep and dress in this room. Everything John thinks of as
"Well, you're covered in bloody chicken liver bits so you're going in there whether you want to or not."
Zivko shakes his head.
Sherlock's eyes snap to John's, but John is still staring at the floor.
good," John says.
One of Gerald's talents is cooking and he's
he died, just because you're glad to be home."
Sherlock lets loose a warm chuckle and his cheeks flush pink. He strokes his big hand lightly over Milton's back.
Gerald gestures at the sandbox—
Hello! *waves*
Inside, John is handed a bottle of beer. He can see the truth in what Gerald said about Sherlock and Cyril's insecurity in the guarded way Cyril hovers over Gerald, as though he thinks John's going to snatch him away.
sound. He smiles drunkenly, his eyes blinking long and slow, before drawling, "
"Why?"
Katie's role in the Real Life Author comparison above would be Editor. Katie did not mince her words when I needed a strong hand and some tough love, and I cannot tell you how much worse this story would be if she had been hesitant to do so. When I was writing the very difficult scene of John breaking up with Gerald (Chapter "Fallout"), this is what Katie had to say about the weak-ass first draft:
John pulls away, looking at Sherlock skeptically, but Sherlock just glares back and says
This chapter includes a kink negotiation and impact play, but is not meant as anything other than hot sex. Gerald is a professional disciplinarian, but he and John do not have a D/s relationship. Don't nag me about safewords either. This is a relationship, not a BDSM club.
"I realize that, but I need to get less dependent on you as I heal, not more."
"I do want you. I
Rebecca pays the tab, and John lets her, and they walk outside, the sky still light at almost nine in the evening. A taxi pulls up, and John opens her door. When she's half in and half out of the cab, she asks, earnestly, "But you will come, right?"
your hard drive—that inner monologue goes quiet. How do you heal a broken mind when it doesn't remember who it was before? I had been completely dehumanized and emasculated. I tried to tell myself that just because I'd begged, or wasn't
." John lets go of Sherlock, and bends his head, and covers his face with his hands. When he removes them, he keeps his eyes on the floor, and says—almost too softly for Sherlock to hear, "I know how
"If you hadn't just gotten
John channeled Sherlock by preening at the compliment.
“A little pink bow, maybe—“
or a doula on the side birthing a baby? It has been awesome to watch it all come together and be a part of it.
"Fine!" John said, tossing the syringe and bottle back into the bag. He grabbed the baby soothers and threw them into the sitting room. "Chew on those or suffer! I don't care!"
"Every minute."
John pauses, completely taken off guard, as she finishes sliding into the cab. "You frighten me sometimes, you know," he says finally.
"It's just that I watched you fall. I thought that was your broken body on the pavement. I thought, all that precious mind of yours, cracked open on the pavement. It was an absolute waste. So, even though I didn't think you'd hurt yourself, the thing is—I didn't think it then, either. And I thought I was wrong, and it—now I don't know that I can trust myself."
you sick fuck?"
"Don't confuse medical necessity with an invitation for sexual creativity, Gerald," John says affectionately.
But how do they move past it without having to talk it to death? Sex always works to deflect. Especially with John who's about the horniest man Sherlock has ever met. Maybe he should point that out to John. One needs a lot of testosterone to manage that kind of libido. It would sound like he's placating John, though, no matter how true. Maybe sex first, then a discussion of all the qualities Sherlock loves about John, things he considers
Tags in end notes
"Arrived where? And what would I be role playing? I mean, is it that you—" John stops, and then takes a deep breath and tries to look confident rather than what he's feeling because he feels about fourteen years old. "I don't—I'm not sure I get why you want me to wear high heels. Is it a—" John stops, and then lowers his voice, making it sound calm and not at all judgmental, before saying, "Do you have a thing for crossdressing or—"
"It's just, I thought maybe - since this was the first time - you might feel, you know," Gerald finishes with a frustrated groan. He turns his face into John's chest.
“Yes.”
After Sherlock brushes his teeth, John helps him get back into bed on his side. Sherlock looks sleepy, which is good. Tonight, John will give him five milligrams of melatonin, sublingually, and that will help keep him on a regular sleeping schedule. It feels almost like caring for an infant the way he's worked out eating and sleeping schedules.
"Have I?" Gerald asks in a wavering voice.
scene. You're not supposed to know what's going to happen."
"Honestly, Dr. Watson, your willful ignorance never fails to astound me. Interpret his actions regarding you as you will. I, on the other hand, have observed how my brother interacts with you objectively, and have come to the conclusion that he's in love with you. I'm done with this conversation. Good day."
"Well, I'm glad you're excited, seeing as how you and I are meant to go through those stacks of books over there before you become human."
John huffs out a bitter laugh, recognizing the first of many times in the rest of his life when he'll have to make excuses for Sherlock. "Trust me, he won't go. He hates having to
door opening and closing and then, finally, the scraping metal sound of the shower curtain rings as the curtain is drawn open and then closed. Then silence for seven seconds (other than the ambient sounds) and then—there it is—weeping.
to get him to come."
"I should've answered Dr. Reed's calls—I could've asked his advice," Sherlock mumbles into the pillow.
Sherlock hears the water running, then John setting the kettle on the heating coil and then the click as he turns it on. He walks back into the sitting room drying his hands on a dishtowel.
"Yes, that's pretty much the whole of it."
“It was clear by yesterday afternoon.”
, and Sherlock bows forward with the force of his orgasm.
John is an absolute mess by the time his body is flush with Gerald's. He's sweating and desperate to move. Gerald seems cool and unhurried by comparison until he speaks.
, and is ignored. "...look at you with your...just
Mycroft leaves John to his tears after that, for which John is grateful. He's also grateful, though, for what Mycroft is really saying – Sherlock didn't die because John didn't confess his love. Sherlock didn't die because of anything John did or didn't say or do.
where you're concerned," Mycroft says.
Sherlock likes Rebecca and knows she returns those feelings, so he'll have at least two allies at the party. After another long look in the mirror, he decides he's about as ready as he's ever going to be. He grabs his phone, keys and wallet, and thunders down the stairs and out into the muggy summer evening. He hails a cab and gives out the address on the hand-written invitation.
"Yes."
—was it possible the pain was lessening in intensity the more he recalled? Could he be winning against the spell?
John's face scrunches in confusion. "The baby?"
I never knew I wanted. John Watson carries the embodiment of courage and loyalty in every single one of the one hundred and sixty-nine centimeters that make up his deceptively ordinary person.
John poured the tea and added some sugar then gave the cup to Sherlock. "It's hot," he warned.
and the
John walks two blocks before he realizes he's going the opposite way from the tube station. His body feels too heavy, his limbs leaden. He wants to sit down on the sidewalk and cry the way children do—heaving and sobbing, dripping mucus and tears—because it's the kind of crying that wipes a person clean, and John feels
boy—the
Right before Sherlock falls asleep, he feels John's fingers
and then wait thirty minutes before taking another. Orally disintegrating does not mean it works immediately, just that it gets into your
"Lovers," she says softly, and slowly spins her glass in her hands.
"You look absolutely shattered, sweetheart," John says. "Let me get you to bed first, yeah?"
? Eh? Did you consider that? I've
"You and Gerald."
"Breaking up is always awkward when the two of you share the same friends, but you two will get over it. After all, Cyril has finally professed his love, and I'm quite sure he's been keeping Gerald busy. The two of them haven't even been showing their ugly faces they're so busy shagging—"
he came back from the dead.)
mean?" Sherlock asked.
"I'll be back," John says.
"I'll just stay right inside the door. Go on, then, the meter's ticking," Gerald says and gives him a pointed look before playfully smacking John's rear.
"What if I don't want milk in my tea?" Sherlock asked. If he'd been in his dragonskin, his ruff would be rattling and his tail would be snapping.
don't have time—I wasn't lying about that," but Sherlock shushes him. "Give me twenty minutes, all right?" and John nods.
you come,” Sherlock says in that deep voice made rough with lust, and more than a hint of desperation,
Shocked, John could only stare. "Wait, listen, we just need to—"
parents, you know. Our lifestyle isn't really conducive to competent parenting."
, and been unable to concentrate on anything until John would stumble in a few hours later, smelling of beer, but not sex, and Sherlock could breathe easy again.)
said something snarky; not out loud, though—in John's
could see me? Or our neighbors?"
“I'll draw your blood once a month and take it to the hospital lab.”
necessarily, but he's in hiding. I'd never expected to see him again, and then he showed up. Gerald and I can't tell anyone, we made a sort of nondisclosure agreement, and that's why we've been shifty about it. His location has to remain secret."
John's glare didn't soften. "Please don't do that when I'm trying to walk."
"Sherlock isn't going anywhere with you," John said.
"Oh, there's the real Sherlock," John says ruefully and shakes his head. At least he's meeting Sherlock's eyes now. "You know, the next time you want comfort, you could just ask for a hug."
"I'm asking because there are nursing services that can help with the burden of aftercare for his wounds."
"Good morning," Sherlock says, not wanting to startle John, although the flushing of the toilet should have been enough of an alert that he was up and moving.
In front of patients, they don't ever say the words
He looked at his paper and read what he had so far:
"Sherlock, I don't—this isn't how I—" John whimpers, rapidly losing control over his body.
They dissolve in laughter once again because, no matter how much they might love Sherlock Holmes, they still love, occasionally, when the opportunity presents itself, to laugh at his expense.
"You leave my John alone!" Sherlock said, standing up in John's lap. Clearly his tail was used partly for emotional expression because the bottom third of it slashed outwards from John's head and pointed at Mycroft.
"I didn't
Sherlock's face was white with anger. Raising his voice, he said, "I've
He likes Gerald's large, muscled hands, his hard chest and straight hips. He likes being physically vulnerable. He's been in that place emotionally with a woman before, but he has never once felt the raw, almost painful thrill of danger he feels at this moment, bent in half and held down by Gerald's body.
After John makes them tea, he only lets Sherlock drink half before he tells him to stand up and helps Sherlock get undressed. He pulls the cuffs of the long sleeve t-shirt off first, so that only Sherlock's head sticks out. And then he pinches the collar and pulls it off in one easy go.
John nods his head. "Okay, then."
, you look so fucking gorgeous, John," Gerald says.
written by a doctor, and he's been meaning to start it. He turns on his tablet, pulls up the book, and takes a bite of his shepherd's pie. But he can't get it out of his head—what would Sherlock Holmes find kinky?
," John asks.
comments. She told me my writing was her everything and I told her I was going to make a screenshot of that and turn it into the wallpaper for my laptop so I could look at it whenever I got discouraged. Also, she always addresses me as "dearest" in emails, and I had hearts for eyes the first time she did it. Thank you, Tia, for being my sweetest and letting me be your dearest. She always signs her emails with lots of little "x" kisses, so Tia, here's some for you. xxxxxxxxxxx (We're like making out with that many kisses!)
"I'm glad she's alive, too," she says.
Finally, John washes his hands for the last time, and turns to Sherlock with a fresh glass of water and his antibiotic pills. He helps Sherlock dress and they're back into their usual state of companionable silence.
"For God's sake, you don't have the option not to do it!"
"Oh, God, if I broke your nose...Jesus Christ, Gerald, I'm so sorry. Okay, let's have a look," John says, his heart pounding out
"Twenty years," John whispers in awe. "They loved each other for twenty years and never said a thing."
Gerald pays the tab and then takes John's hand and leads him outside. The air is humid; spring is just around the corner and even though it's almost eight in the evening, the sky is still light. Gerald hails a cab, and doesn't let go of John's hand until they're climbing inside, and then he takes John's hand again. John tries not to stare at Gerald, but he really is an incredibly good-looking man. John wants him but he's embarrassed to tell Gerald he's never actually been with a man.
Sherlock pulls his pajama bottoms up as quickly as he can with a sprained wrist and broken elbow then uses the other door to shuffle into the kitchen. He grabs the brief and finds a roll of gauze as well. His heart is pounding, but he feels a surge of victory when he makes it into the loo before John sees. He uses the toilet, folds up another wad of gauze and puts it between his cheeks, then pulls his bottoms up and washes his hands. He hides the folder under the sink behind the plunger and a box of baking soda. The gauze he puts on the top shelf of the linen closet. He would kill for a proper shower.
And even though Sherlock's voice was without malice, John had an ominous feeling. But sleep beckoned and he gave into its call.
He examines the gauze. It's wet with sweat and slightly pink with watery discharge. The doctor told him to expect it. Suddenly, Sherlock freezes. He'd forgotten about the medical brief. The last Sherlock saw, it was sitting on the kitchen table and John hadn't yet read it.
John held his breath, his heart tripping in excitement. He could see Sherlock out of the corner of his eye, hands clasped in front of his chest. He looked like a racehorse waiting for the gate to open on the track.
John thought,
Sherlock, grateful for John's quick reappearance, is at a loss for what to say. He wants to run to John and throw his arms around him and pour out his gratitude and love.
, and an awful lot like healing.
Friday morning, Sherlock stays in bed until John leaves for work. John texts him an hour later and asks
, John, and you're tiptoeing around, afraid of triggering something terrible, and I'm tiptoeing around trying not to be demanding—"
John feels like his infidelity is burned onto his skin and clothes, that Gerald should be able to smell it on him, and braces for a slap. But instead, Gerald just cups John's face and kisses his cheek.
fool!" Holmes hissed.
!" John shouts, stabbing his finger in Sherlock's face.
and then press John up against the brick wall at their back and kiss him with every bit of joy from their life together and every bit of anguish from what was to come—Sherlock had known even then that he would have to jump if Moriarty forced his hand, but in that moment, it was the two of them against the world.
John murmured another thank you and turned away, thinking he might dig out the scotch and have one or two (or a dozen) drams.
"Oh, and it was so easy for me?" Sherlock snaps, gesturing at his bruised and undernourished body.
John has never been manhandled by someone who intends to have sex with him. It has an irrepressible effect on him - it grabs his entire focus. John is no longer thinking about what he should be or could be or ought to be doing because every synapse in John's brain is riveted by Gerald, waiting to see what he does next. John himself is breathless with anticipation, certain that whatever Gerald does is likely to lead to a spectacular orgasm.
Sherlock's diction sounded a lot better to John. Maybe John had been making it worse by letting Sherlock speak to him mentally rather than verbally.
When the nausea passes, Sherlock smiles again, that little half smile. That smirk. Sherlock traces his fingers over John's chest but the whole time he touches John he never looks away from John's eyes. His hand trails down John's stomach and his smile changes. It almost disappears but John can still see the smile in his eyes. It's bold and intense and wicked. John knows this is only how he imagines Sherlock would look if they have – could have, didn't have – sex. It looks good on Sherlock. John thinks about the blood on the toe of his left shoe but then Sherlock's hand wraps around John's cock and John stops thinking and lets himself just feel. He closes his eyes but he hears Sherlock say
"It's not an egg, it's a person, and his name is Sherlock. You've told me absolutely nothing about who you are or why you want Sherlock. Are you some secret government scientist mixing up human and lizard DNA in a lab somewhere in the wilds of Scotland, hm? Because you are
, but his words aren't running together.
"What, being a sub?" Gerald asks, his forehead crinkling in concern.
which implies that you and John had a romantic relationship before you faked your death—
Carefully, Sherlock gets off Blaine and then the bed. His legs give out and he crumples to the floor, banging the outside of his bicep on the edge of the bedside table. The motion knocks the lampshade askew - it settles at a flirty angle, tilted just slightly. He stares at Blaine’s chest, but it’s not rising and falling. There’s no heartbeat, no breath.
Sherlock is posing as a history professor from London, in the area to research the birth of Creole. His alias is Colin Green. If Blaine chooses to investigate Colin Green’s background, he’ll find plenty on the Internet to convince him Sherlock is who he claims to be. On Sherlock’s fourth night in New Orleans, Blaine is spotted in one of the places he frequents to pull sexual partners and Sherlock gets the order to go.
seems impossible to contemplate.
"I've-never-been-with–a-man-before," John blurts out, the words running together. He winces at his clumsy confession.
Teddy
"Do you want children?" she asks.
"What happened with the young guard, Sherlock," John asks.
Sherlock lifts his head and stares at nothing for a few seconds before saying, "Before you, I was just one person. Then I was a half of two." He looks at John with something like wonder on his face, and says, "Even my formidable intellect could never have imagined there would be seven people I would find tolerable." Then he pulls his coat off and his jacket, dropping them on the floor like the spoiled brat he is, knowing John will pick them up, and says, "I'll leave the gift buying to you," and drops the invitation on the table next to John's chair. John says, wryly, "We all very much appreciate your generosity in
"Sherlock, PTSD doesn’t make you
"Yeah, but—it was easier with you. It felt less—" John stops.
have a penis just like you! See, my pee is coming out of it!"
By morning, Sherlock and John were both exhausted. Sherlock had fed without his earlier enthusiasm, and ate only a fourth of what he was supposed to. This meant John had to feed him more often and resorted to bribery to get Sherlock to eat. To solve the problem, John turned to bribing Sherlock with a treat. Like a drug dealer trying to get a new buyer hooked, he gave him a sugar cube to suck on first, and when Sherlock moaned and hummed in closed-eye pleasure, John promised he could have one after every meal—
Right as John reaches into his locker in the doctor's lounge to grab his bag and jacket, he gets a text from Sherlock that leaves him staring at his phone, his mouth hanging slightly open in a way Sherlock would have pointed out with blistering disdain if he'd been there.
"Well?" John asks impatiently.
you were in love with your best friend. Do you know why he did that? Why someone as confident and well-balanced as Gerald would enter into a romantic relationship with a man who was in love with his dead best friend? A man who would always be, even if just a tiny bit, in love with someone else? Would always be just a tiny bit emotionally unavailable?"
Gerald makes a little self-deprecating face and crosses his eyes and John laughs, like really, honestly laughs. Gerald grins, pleased with himself. He darts forward and kisses John, but before John can bring his hands up or deepen the kiss, Gerald pulls away. His cheeks are rosy and it looks beautiful on his pale skin.
Sherlock realizes he's chanting a combination of
"There's a note here for you, Dr. Watson. I haven't opened it, but perhaps it explains everything?" Chatsworth dug into his pocket and brought out a crumpled envelope, which he handed to John. He gestured over his shoulder. "Should I bring the rest in or…?"
Carefully, he peels Gerald's hand away from his face while Gerald looks everywhere but at John's face.
he ate at least half of what he was supposed to and ate it more often. Of course, John had to emphasize to Sherlock that they could never, ever tell Mycroft that John had given him sugar cubes before he was even twenty-four hours old.
Sherlock hums deep in his chest. For a moment, they're content to kiss and rock their pelvises together, but after a while, it stops being enough and starts feeling uncomfortable.
"He, uh, he had a nightmare and I was helping him change his clothes. He kissed me and I didn't want to push him away, in case I hurt him—physically I mean, although—although emotionally, too, I guess. But it got—he got his hand into my pajama bottoms, and I, I—I got hard, I couldn't help it, and he got me off with his hand."
"I'm just surprised is all," John says. "The professional Dom thing threw me."
"Not at all," Sherlock says, coming to his defense. "Mycroft, John has taken perfect care of me. Don't threaten him."
When they finally pulled up a little ways to the side of the house, Sherlock scolded John for taking too long to open the back doors. Having no hands, Sherlock couldn't open them from the inside.
"I'm a doctor, Mycroft. I don't know how I could've missed the signs of depression. I should've known something was wrong – his obsession with Moriarty was eating him up. I felt him drawing away but Sherlock was the least likely person I've ever met to commit suicide."
John comes in a blinding rush of sensation. He's never been loud during sex, but he shouts this time. The pleasure is so exquisite it's just this side of painful and it lasts so much longer than any other orgasm he's ever had. His mouth, he's sure, is open in an almost comical expression of ecstasy, but he can't do anything except ride the pulsing beat of his orgasm. He's come with Gerald's fingers or a toy inside of him, but this is more. He doesn't realize he's grinding down on Gerald's cock until the orgasm peters out and he collapses on top of Gerald, gasping like a fish thrown up on shore.
"Of course," Mycroft says, standing. "I'll just get John."
"Olivia said he was unusually content while I was there."
Sherlock seemed to have trouble flapping them. John realized they were wet, covered in egg slime. He fluttered them a little, flinging egg slime onto the floor. Then he shook his body like a dog, the tremor going all the way down his tail until he flicked the tip of it, like someone might flick a booger off their finger.
Sherlock's head craned around on his long neck to look at John. His eyebrow ridges pulled together in an eerily human expression. "You
that nobody good could ever love you. You've been through an experience probably nobody else you know will ever understand. You've been violated physically and emotionally. Being a genius doesn't preclude you from the negative results of that.
Sherlock's body is healing, but PTSD has him in a firm grip, and he always has a harder time of it on the days when John has to work. Sometimes, John will come home, and be greeted by a calm, confident Sherlock, only to watch helplessly as Sherlock gets slammed with a flashback an hour later, his terrified voice and the agony on his face leaving John awash in impotent rage towards the people responsible for Sherlock's suffering.
"I love you," John says fiercely into the skin under Gerald's jaw. "If Sherlock knew I was telling you I love you while standing on his grave, he would have a fit."
"No, see
Sherlock lets out an undignified squeak and tries to wriggle his way out of John's hold. "Go away!" he finally shouts. "I'm
John says that's the most horrible thing he's ever heard, and if Gerald was trying to comfort him, he's doing a shit job. Gerald laughs and laughs.
They just needed to cool off for a few days,  and then John would call him and they'd talk and then Sherlock would come home.
Despite the situation, John found himself laughing. "That sounds exactly like him."
"Let me guess, you're going to hide it from me, too." It's not a question.
Understanding dawns on Sherlock's face, along with an eye roll. "I'm wearing a condom, it's not as though—" then stops at the look on John's face. He sighs with exasperation, and disappointment, and then says, flatly, "You're so
John grunted his skepticism, but he left the subject alone for now.
"You want to hear me out or do you want to go to hospital? I work at the Royal London, I can have you admitted."
"Anywhere from ten minutes to an hour."
it's very minor)
John's bottoms while John is trying to deal with the hand on his straining erection.
of Freud's writings—the person who we see as our most essential self. A soldier diagnosed with PTSD suffered the same symptoms as Dr. Reed, but unlike those soldiers, his experience hadn't just
"I suppose," Mycroft conceded with a gust of air that made it clear he was giving in against his strictest principles.
"No, he's still sleeping."
Even though the FBI and MI6 have dismantled the hierarchy of the trafficking enterprise, they have yet to cut it off at the source. The people responsible on the European side, headquartered in Serbia, are looking for other buyers in Western Europe now that the American market is closed. This is Sherlock's last mission. The man at the top, the one responsible for the entire scam, is an important political figure, beloved by the armed forces of Serbia. Sherlock is so deeply undercover that not even Mycroft knows where he is. He knows where Sherlock is
: Will you be at work tomorrow?
John can't tell if Gerald's good-naturedness is back or if he just
think is right for both of us. Isn't that exactly what you're doing?"
Sherlock gets out of bed, and pads into the kitchen. He needs to relieve himself, but if John is still home, he doesn't want to miss the chance to say goodbye. From the kitchen, the back of John's head is clearly visible in his chair. Reassured, Sherlock uses the loo and brushes his teeth, before going to greet John.
"That's none of your business," Sherlock snaps, before turning his head to face the mantle, his heart battering against the cage of his ribs. There's something heavy and painful settling in his throat and stomach.
for Sherlock when Sherlock looks at him like
"There will be no running away. Now, I told you to stand
"Oh, that is good news!" John says, nodding his head. "Well done, you."
"Oh, John," Sherlock groans, and drops his head into his hands.
On September fifteenth, exactly one year after Sherlock's suicide, Gerald goes with him to the cemetery. John carries a smallish metal bowl and the notebook as well as a box of matches. John's plan is to burn the notebook and then scatter the ashes on Sherlock's grave, but the day is windy and even using their bodies to block the wind, the matches keep going out.
John's face colors with heat. "Sorry, I'm, that was insensitive of me."
"Uh, this morning," Sherlock says.
John doesn't need sexual experience with a man to recognize the signs of arousal. He knew them long before he ever experienced the deductive genius of Sherlock Holmes.
"So you're questioning your sexuality?" Gerald asks carefully, his eyes narrowed.
Sherlock looked small and pitiful like that, and John felt his face heat in immediate chastisement, though he wasn't quite sure what he'd done.
"Did you hear what I said?" Sherlock shouts.
to be true or real.
Sherlock wrong, but then he can't wait any longer.
When his breathing evened out and his heartbeat slowed, he got up and gingerly limped to his bedroom, collapsing on top of the covers. The bed had been made, which meant Mrs. Hudson had been here while he was gone.
“—are bright burgundy—“
John takes a deep breath and sighs. "Yeah. Um, I guess we should keep the details as close to what actually happened with Sherlock as possible. So, uh, if they ask—but don't offer details unless they ask."
John wanted
"When?" Gerald snaps, his voice cold and steady.
"A lot of what?" John asks absentmindedly, leaning against the counter so he can bend over and take off his socks.
It was absolutely imperative that he hold onto this man/dragon. Down into the very depths of his soul, he knew he could not let go.
"Sherlock," John said, voice hoarse with sleep. "What's wrong?"
It’s a Wednesday night and, according to the chalk sign over the bar, drinks are half off. Sherlock sits down on a bar stool close enough to Blaine that he’ll be able to lean over to talk to Sherlock but not so close as to make Blaine nervous. When the bartender comes over, Sherlock orders Hennessy. Aside from the fact that Sherlock likes cognac, it’s the kind of classy drink that makes a statement.
"Sleep, my love," John whispers, brushing away another round of tears off of his own face with a brisk swipe of the back of his hand, and then brushing sooty, damp curls off Sherlock's forehead.
, Christ," Gerald says, his throat sounding raw. He clears his throat. "Don't move because I think I'm going to come."
Gerald and John are sitting on the sofa in Gerald's sitting room watching the telly. Gerald has curled himself up into an approximation of a very large cat and is using John's lap in which to do it. Gerald has no shirt on and John's fingers are sliding absentmindedly through the dark hair on his chest before they find the hair on his head again. John doesn't realize he's doing it until Gerald brings up the hair kink question again.
about the turn things have taken. He doesn't regret it, not even as he has to pinch himself through the light cotton of his pajama bottoms to keep himself from running to John to comfort him.
"Sherlock, look—I'm here to talk about what happened in Serbia, and to help you deal with the issues you'll face trying to return to a city that thought you were dead. And, although we'll cover relationships—including flat mates, best mates, lovers, and random citizens—if I underwent a
John heaved himself to his feet and wiped his mouth on a towel. He knew—putting aside the question of
eyes…looking like you wanted to kill him," Sherlock mutters while simultaneously trying to use his mouth to kiss John who says
Sherlock always has nightmares on the nights after John's been at work, sometimes more than one, and can't fall back asleep unless John lies down with him. After a week of this, John decides to just allow Sherlock to sleep in his bed indefinitely, so they can both get some much-needed rest.
something."
"You would do that?"
clients, rifling through my pants, I decided to get a bit stricter about my privacy."
Sherlock purred and affectionately butted his head up against John's chin.
deal with John right now. So he lies and tells John Mycroft put him on a case in Denmark and he'll be back on Sunday. Then he packs up a few things and heads to a bolt hole in Camden.
and the people in it solved murders using
have to sabotage everything in my life that isn't about
"Now, I understand there are people we
Sherlock dips his tongue inside John's pants and tongues the hole at the top of John's penis, then swirls once around his glans. John's hips lift up off the bed. Sherlock sits back and opens his mouth to speak.
"Listen, you little bugger, don't go getting any ideas. I can't keep a ten foot lizard in a flat in the middle of London. We're gonna have to find who you belong to and get you back to them."
"Well, it's been coming and going for a couple weeks now. You know, we're not from London. My daughter and I, we come to see my niece's baby. She's quite young to be havin' a baby, but, you know—babies are always a blessing, Dr. Watson, don't you think?"
Sherlock feels his stomach drop even though he knew this was coming. In the kitchen, the kettle clicks off, but John ignores it.
John grabs his pad of paper and a pen and starts writing his list for things he needs Gerald to pick up. The embassy doctors gave Sherlock ten days of an antibiotic because of all the open wounds. It's the same thing John would have prescribed. The anti-fungal, antibiotic creams, and lidocaine is fine so John won't need to change any of those.
Gerald's arms wrap John up, and John leans into him, letting his own arms circle Gerald's waist. This isn't one of Cyril's
He looks down his nose at John. "It also has
So he Googles
"Did he fuck you?" Gerald asks, his voice venomous.
Then John settled on his pallet and slipped his hand through the crate and the careful cuts he'd made in the silk and wool batting and laid his hand on the beautiful egg where Him—
"Hold on," Chatsworth said and, without warning, shifted back to human, leaving John bent over and retching.
Sherlock's look of excitement faded and, for a moment, they stood there looking at each other and not saying anything, man and dragon, separated by their differences.
and the
"I can't show him how to shift with my clothes on," Chatsworth replied with his usual understated amusement at John's expense.
Gerald takes the single step necessary to put them toe to toe and then uses the two inches of height he has on John to his advantage, by looming close, forcing John to take a step back. He's trembling and John, misinterpreting the cause of his trembling, reaches out to touch him, to reassure him, but Gerald slaps his hand away.
" and opens his mouth over the left wing of John's collarbone and starts to bite down before pausing and sliding his teeth over to the other side.
"Oh, for God's sake, John, you're acting like a—" Sherlock interrupts.
, Sherlock said, quickly withdrawing his tail from around John's ankle.
Suddenly, everything comes crashing back and he looks around the room for Gerald, but all he sees are boxes of Sherlock's stuff. He grabs his pants off the floor and tugs them on while racing down the old servant's staircase tucked between the bathroom and kitchen. He calls out Gerald's name and finds him in the bathroom, bent over the sink, his hands covering his mouth and nose, blood dripping into the sink. Gerald looks at him guiltily.
Something sparks in Gerald's eyes and his face turns thunderous. "You want me to feel grateful that you came to tell me
"Are they naked when you do it?" John asks, fascinated.
"I'm glad you got a few more hours of sleep. Tea?" John asks, putting on the kettle.
Looking at the third definition, John snorts at the very heterosexual interpretation.
Gerald smacks him on the arse to get him going.
John snaps, "Drop your hand," before Gerald touches his lip, not to test his new power, but to minimize exposure to germs. (Human hands and mouths have a higher concentration of germs than anywhere on the human body, including the anorectal region.)
John looked around to find Chatsworth had disappeared. He reappeared a few minutes later balancing two more boxes and set them down next to the first two.
"Fuck off!” the man says, with a sneer. ”I just paid him ten quid to suck me off. Wait your fuckin' turn."
John feels Gerald turn his head before murmuring, "So it is."
"I'll tie him to the bed," John offers with a grin, which disappears when he sees the look in Mycroft's eyes. "Sorry," John mutters.
"Yeah, alright, I've got a terrible mouth on me. Hey, I was a soldier. It comes with the territory."
boy, and wanting to be a
"What look?" Sherlock asks, all innocence.
Now that Sherlock has regular meals, and with the addition of two or three smoothies a day for the last week, his healing has clipped along nicely. His bruising is beginning to abate. The fungal infection and anal abscess are completely healed. (When Sherlock informed him of the latter, he'd given John a decidedly sexy smile. John, flustered, had nodded and then retreated to his bedroom where he tried to calm his thundering heart.)
arse?" Sherlock asks solemnly, and John can't help another wheezing laugh, so Sherlock slaps John's knee, and leans down, and says in his darkest purr, "Maybe, instead of fucking you, I'll try all these out on you, and then I'll shove this plug up your arse, and make you wear it for the rest of the day, and tonight, and tomorrow all through work so that while you're saving lives, or stitching people up, or chatting with your co-workers, you'll know that I'm waiting here for you, and when you come home, I'll bend you over my chair, pull it out, and fuck you."
Sherlock was willing to seduce John in order to keep their friendship intact. He's confused right now and desperate to maintain the
Gerald throws his head back and laughs.
"What about Gerald?" Sherlock says, bringing his shoulders up in a half shrug, half arrested lunge for the bed. "You've been despondent ever since."
look at my boyfriend's arse," John says, trying for stern.
for you to get hurt and it's certainly not the first assumption you should make. In fact, humans are well equipped to differentiate between a threat and an accidental or collateral injury. It's hardwired into our neurons. So, unless someone has autism or another neurological disorder that prevents them from classifying facial expressions and body language, then blaming other people for their problems just makes them a stubborn arsehole."
Sherlock only has to hold out until Mycroft can manufacture an extraction, but Mycroft has two hurdles. The first, explain to the three people in the UK who can override Mycroft why his younger brother has been given resources to pursue a personal vendetta on a mission that has already been undertaken by MI6 and convince them to give Mycroft
"A sonnet," Sherlock says.
"All right, then," John says and avoids Gerald's eyes because he knows if they lock eyes again, he'll collapse in laughter.
The breezeway leads into the laundry room, after that a small hallway that leads to a bedroom with
"What about Gerald?" Sherlock says, bringing his shoulders up in a half shrug, half arrested lunge for the bed. "You've been despondent ever since."
"A lot of
Zivko nods and undoes his trousers. Sherlock drops to his knees and takes Zivko's flaccid penis in his mouth and in just a few minutes, Zivko is hard. When he starts to grab Sherlock's hair and his legs begin to shake, Sherlock pulls off. The lipstick that the guards made Sherlock wear looks like blood on Zivko's penis.
Sherlock dropped his chicken bone in order to speak. "Why are Printh Williamth's children in line to be monarch before Printh Harry? Thath thtupid! They're jutht babieth! They can't rule!" Sherlock asked, looking up at Chatsworth.
"Oi! Give it here! That's got my name on it!" John says, trying to grab it out of Sherlock's hand, who doesn't even have to lift it over his head to keep it out of John's reach.
"If you like," Gerald calls back. "You don't have to, though. Why don't you pick a bottle of wine from the wine rack and open it up for us?"
“I hate to break the mood, but I have to get my trousers off or my cock is going to be permanently damaged by my zipper," Sherlock says, sucking in a breath through his teeth when John bites his lip and grinds down several more times, drawing heavy groans out of Sherlock's mouth.
(Sherlock will, again, later point out that he was in no danger whatsoever so John's overreaction to the situation is entirely unwarranted and John will, again, point out that, in the moment, he doesn't particularly give a fuck what Sherlock thinks is
John handed her the two teething rags he'd made. Sherlock was limp in her arms, drool soaking his homemade bib. Of course, Sherlock immediately turned and rubbed his mouth against her robe, smearing it with drool. Mrs. Hudson grimaced and John made a face in sympathy.
we can!" John said, exploding out of bed. His eyes kept straying over Sherlock's naked body so he rushed to his suitcase and pulled out a t-shirt and boxers. He handed them to Sherlock. "Put these on. I'll be waiting in the kitchen so you can have some privacy."
"I'm sorry, John, I just—"
It's nothing like his fingers, though – not physically and not psychologically. John feels like Gerald has marked him in a way, possessed him, maybe. But there's something else. He feels powerful, almost more powerful than he would if their positions were reversed. Yes, Gerald is inside him, but that's just the thing. He's holding Gerald
. Before John could question where it came from, he was overcome with a sudden awareness, a feeling of being balanced between one reality and another. He felt he could see beyond his physical surroundings to the metaphysical landscape that made up his soul. He could reach in and find the hook that was destroying him and break its hold.
to do before the love of his life gets home.
"You know, you can't actually fit your entire body into my lap."
John's face whips up, and he tilts his head slightly to the left, the beginning of a smile-that's-not-a-smile on his lips. "Yeah, I have. That happens when you go through a breakup."
“You looking forward to gettin’ some, Holmes?” the SAC asks, leering.
"No, look, it's fine," John says, staring at his glass, and shaking his head, feeling guilty for overreacting. "I'm just—before, with Sherlock, I couldn't have a life outside of—him. The two weren't compatible. And then when he was gone, and I met all of you, I thought, well—I'd let him dominate my life because I didn't really
"Oh," John breathes, the word elongating as it leaves his mouth.
So, he goes into the kitchen and searches under the table and chairs, the worktops, and the small attached breakfast table where they keep the microwave. (
"I told you to stand. Can you?" John asks, firmly, but gently.
be a time in my life when John Watson is someone to
"It's okay."
"I fail to see the difference," Sherlock says, his tears momentarily on hold while he gears himself up for an argument.
Three weeks after Zivko is forced to rape Sherlock, he kills himself.
"You're
Sherlock continued to ignore John, the hissing beginning to morph into a growl in Sherlock's chest. It was a big sound coming out of someone so small. John began to fear that Sherlock would launch himself after Chatsworth. John had yet to see his offensive capabilities, but according to Mycroft even a dragon hatchling could do some damage.
The party winds down much earlier than most of them are used to. Eventually, it's time for Milton's bottle and bed. Bernie and Olivia are beginning to look a little ragged as well.
like that. Unfortunately, John's body is perfectly happy to be assaulted and Sherlock takes that as full consent.
John isn’t just the audience to Sherlock’s genius, though. He’s the light in the cold dark; the hymn in the empty church; the path through the thorn-sharp thicket. Without John, Sherlock may as well be living in a vacuum. Moriarty threatened to burn the heart out of Sherlock. John is his heart and he’ll do whatever it takes to obliterate that threat.
"Course you will," John murmurs. "Why would you not see me again?"
you see the future?"
The guards heckle Zivko. "Take off your clothes!" they shout. "Get on with it!" Sherlock can hear the guards congratulating one another on this clever scheme. Danilo's hateful joke kills two birds with one stone. Humiliating Zivko means humiliating Sherlock.
eat people or that there hadn't been a time in history when they
John gets to his knees and sits back on his heels. His erection is a fat bulge at the front of his dark grey pants.
"I'd rather it was
Three nurses are tasked with the job of bathing him and treating the lice in his hair and pubic hair. They want to shave both, but Sherlock refuses to have his head shaved completely and, in the end, he's left with an inch of dark brown hair, only a few locks here and there tipped with blonde from dyeing his hair. The pubic hair he willingly gives up, though he knows he’ll regret it when it’s growing back because it'll itch like hell.
"You're picturing his arse, aren't you?" she asks.
?" Sherlock asks, the bridge of his nose wrinkling in confusion and irritation.
"What are you doing, Sherlock?" John asked even though he knew exactly what Sherlock was doing—the crumpled tissues said it all. After all, John had been an adolescent boy once.
emails were sent back and forth between me and Jenn and Katie. That comes out to 1,505 words per email.
No response.
want you. I really do, my
and he says, "Congratulations, John, you've finally discovered I'm a
, and Sherlock ends up falling asleep on the couch, still naked. John shakes him awake around six, and says, "You need to get dressed. Mycroft just texted me. He and Greg are on their way here." John starts to move away, but Sherlock catches his fingers, and asks, "Why's he coming?" and John huffs, and says, "The
somethings! What are they called?" Sherlock said and tilted his head up to peer closely at John's crotch.
"Do you need my help lying down?" John asks when he gets back to his feet.
"Well, babysitter or litter changer just don't have the same cachet." Chatsworth gave him a cheeky smile.
John watched Mycroft transform from prickly and severe to soft and open. "Good morning, Gregory. Breakfast?"
At that moment, there was a grunt from the living room, the sound of someone setting down a large burden.
Sherlock lifted his head, his snout covered in gore. "You detherve to get paid for putting up with
"Let me guess— nudity is something I'm just going to have to get used to."
Then John stands up, runs to the kitchen, comes back with something—a square of foil. He guides Sherlock back to his chair, pushes him down, peels the backing off the foil square, and holds it to Sherlock's mouth. Sherlock knows what he's supposed to do. He pushes his tongue out of his mouth
British embassy, Sherlock?"
guard, the one who raped me—it wasn't enough to humiliate Zivko by making him fuck a prisoner. He got all the other guards fired up about nepotism in the army. They were afraid of him and Zivko was an easy target.
Rebecca comes careening into the living room, hauling Sherlock by the elbow. When they come to a stop, Rebecca spreads her arms with flair, like a game show host showing off the winning prize.
"And who protects me from
wanted to work things out, didn't he? But
John thinks
Watson," John said absently, mouth agape. He had to crane his neck to look up at the man. He must've been nearly a foot taller than John.
"Don't move." John pointed his finger in Sherlock's face and Sherlock, scowling, snapped at him.
"What do you mean by
*I do NOT use heat or burning for punishment!
Sherlock says, "I can't help it if my imagination is creative and vivid," in a wounded voice, "but I can stop if you—" and John reaches his hand back, and Sherlock grasps it, and John says, low and solemn, "No, I don't want you to stop. I don't want you to hold back with me in any way. This is us, yeah?" and Sherlock breathes, "Yeah. All right, I just get—you know me, I get carried away." John whispers, "Yeah, I do know you," and squeezes his hand once before letting go.
"What if he gets hurt?"
"Okay, okay. Fine. But—"
Sherlock feels the bed dip as John sits down near him, and that makes Sherlock's face scrunch up with the effort to keep the tears at bay until he can be alone
John showers, then cooks two chicken breasts on the stove, boils some linguini, and whips up some Alfredo sauce with peas, onions, olives, and mushrooms. He puts together a plate for Sherlock inside a sealable plastic container and puts it in the fridge. It'll heat up fine in the microwave. He eats in front of the TV and falls asleep on the sofa. His phone alarm wakes him up in the morning. Sherlock still isn't home. There's a text message on his phone, though.
our goal. For now, while Greg and I work on that, I need you two to
He collapses next to John, who says, "I need to shower," and Sherlock nods, but pulls him into a bruising kiss first. When they pull away, John says, "You're incredible. Absolutely brilliant," and Sherlock says, "I know," with a twitch of his eyebrows. John ruffles his hair, which he hates, and says, "Humble as always," and Sherlock says, "Fuck off," but his voice is infused with affection. He doesn't know how other people can look at John and not want to touch him, but seeing as how he doesn't
John keeps his eyes locked on Sherlock and gradually leans forward, letting his tongue slip out of his mouth incrementally, wetting his lips, reminding Sherlock of a slow motion film. Sherlock's hips strain upward even though he's gripping the mattress and imagining his arse sinking into it, in order to avoid smacking John in the face with his clothed erection.
Blaine Whitney has a legitimate business, a financial or insurance company of some type. Sherlock hasn’t bothered memorizing the details despite Tate’s insistence. It’s much easier maintaining his cover if he doesn’t have to fake
"And you don't get off on it?" John asks, honestly curious but not at all judgmental.
Sherlock ate three bowls of food and then promptly fell asleep halfway through the fourth one, his snout still caught in the plastic bowl.
," Sherlock says, his voice tremulous.
"Why?" Sherlock asks in the dull voice he used before he got up from the bed, and John says, "Because—" and stops. He swallows and tries again. "Let me make us some tea, and breakfast. I'd already planned to call in to work so we—"
John laughs, surprising himself—it's the first time he's laughed in days. But then his pager beeps and buzzes against his hipbone where it's tucked into his scrub bottoms.
to John. It's something he's considered before. A future with Gerald, that is.
Sherlock sits silently, his mind sifting through examples of grief that don't involve the death of a loved one, so he can determine how long he should wait before cornering John and kissing him. Obviously, he can't ask John—even Sherlock knows that's beyond the pale. He watches John, who is also sitting silently, who, in fact, is beginning to look like a John-shaped thing in which John no longer resides. Suddenly, John seems far too still to be alive.
. Do you mean for as long as it's dark outside, or—"
Then Sherlock's mind gains its equilibrium, and he surges to his feet while drawing in a deep breath. He hasn't planned these words, and they've never been put together in quite this same way, but Dr. Andy Reed has just blundered into a tripwire in Sherlock's psyche that apparently protects not just himself, but John as well, from insults to their mutual affections.
Next is—
"Oh, please don't have murdered him," John muttered as he raced into the sitting room. The scene he came upon there left him frozen in shock.
"I have to go to work," John murmurs, brushing his lips against Sherlock's temple.
All the emotion thickens in John's throat and then bursts from his mouth in a heaving sob. His eyes water and even though he keeps his eyes squeezed shut, a few tears drop onto his cheeks and lips and he's dimly aware of hearing Sherlock say
"On the contrary, John. I think you'll find that when it comes to
Dr. Andy Reed spends at least thirty minutes telling Sherlock who he is, what happened to him, and why he became a therapist. He was captured by the Taliban in 2004, and held for three hundred and ninety-four days during which he experienced physical and psychological torture and extreme deprivation. When he was finally rescued, he was invalided out of the army and sent home with a diagnosis of PTSD where he promptly failed to adjust to civilian life.
"Wait here while I go get my med kit," John says.
"Let's have a cup of tea and then I'm going to take out about seventy percent of the stitches in your back. It's been seven days and most of them are superficial except those four. They have dissolvable sutures on the inside and I want to make sure the outsides heal completely before I pull out the outside ones in case it undoes the inner stitches."
Sherlock's body is healing, but PTSD has him in a firm grip, and he always has a harder time of it on the days when John has to work. Sometimes, John will come home, and be greeted by a calm, confident Sherlock, only to watch helplessly as Sherlock gets slammed with a flashback an hour later, his terrified voice and the agony on his face leaving John awash in impotent rage towards the people responsible for Sherlock's suffering.
"Yes, of course," Sherlock says. "Completely understandable."
, Sherlock. As in
Sherlock ducked his head, corkscrewing his tail a couple of times and pulling it in close to his body.
? That doesn't even make any sense! Greg is
"They should be here any moment. You'll need to get Sherlock out of the way. Mrs. Hudson or myself will come get you when the workmen have gone."
death. I think he was really just checking up on me."
"Maybe we should've burned it before we left the flat," Gerald suggests.
"I'm not sure that counts as an endearment," John says, laughing silently, shoulders shaking with delight, and Sherlock murmurs, "My menace."
For once, it was John who made the mistake of challenging someone and not Sherlock.
John parted his lips to speak then paused, deciphering Sherlock's words. "So... You
"You said the rapist wants it easy," John countered, walking over, "paying to have a secret room built before he's even got the job-"
"I'll call our forensic psychologist and get him to take a look and give a diagnosis as soon as he's in." Greg reassured then frowned, realizing an issue with his plan. "Although it seems like 'Oliver' doesn't seem fond of doctors."
"I'll hurt you," Sherlock interrupted, trying to pull away the arm that John was trying to wrap around his shoulders.
Sherlock had to suppress a smirk.
"There's no need to be bashful, mate." John continued undoing the last few buttons. "You're in good company. No one is going to judge. Not that there's anything
Silence hung in the air for a moment as Sherlock processed all the new stimuli he was receiving. John's touch was just as he catalogued it before, but this time it was gentler, giving Sherlock the ability to pull away.
John huffed out a disbelieving laugh, and Sherlock side-eyed him with a raised eyebrow. He set the warmed plate of food on the counter and pulled out a fork from a drawer nearby. "Do you have a secret organization of adrenaline-hungry London doctor's that I'm unaware of?"
Isabelle quietly left and John glanced around. He sighed and said, "Speaking of lunch-"
(See the end of the chapter for
"You..?" Sherlock whispered. A couple seconds passed and he let out a heavy breath that he didn't realize he'd been holding. "You... really? I-I thought..."
"You're going to be okay," John reassured Sherlock calmly, completely in Doctor Watson mode now. Sherlock idly thought that is was impressive how easily he could switch from soldier to doctor. "Move your hand, let me look."
"Likely a product of whatever situation he was in prior to us meeting him."
"Who says it's secret?" Sherlock countered. John raised an eyebrow and Sherlock looked away at something. John followed his eyes and realized what Sherlock was referring to.
He managed to clip and remove a few more stitches before Sherlock came out of his daze. The blank staring at the ceiling made John wonder if he broke the detective, or if the man had retreated to his Mind Palace to process things (which wouldn't have been the first time), but he figured it was a mixture of both when he felt a hand rest on his bent knee, long fingers grazing over his jeans. John smiled, keeping his eyes and hands focused on his task.
"Fuck..." Sherlock whimpered and chuckled slightly. "Need to do it soon."
He ignored the message and finally reached his destination after a couple more minutes of walking. When he arrived, he found John standing outside with his arms folded. Judging by the look of John's face, he must have found something worrying, perhaps immoral. Sherlock approached him, and when John met his gaze, Sherlock gave him a questioning look.
