‘I think it sounds great,’ Dean replied immediately. ‘I think that’s the perfect way for you to get your feet wet again. When do you think you’re gonna do it?’
Jack and Claire started the sixth and eleventh grades respectively, and seemed to like their new schedules well enough. Claire was especially pleased that as an upperclassman she was now able to take Creative Writing, and spent many nights curled up in her favourite armchair with her journal that was now well-worn and nearly full.
‘This car has to be as old as you,’ she remarked, eyeing the radio and clock, ‘There’s not even a CD player or anything. And what’s with that old as dirt clock?’
‘Heck yes, kid!’ Dean replied, holding up a hand for a high five, which Jack stared at blankly. Dean frowned, ‘Hey, don’t leave me hanging, high five!’
‘This is all my fault, Bobby,’ Dean said miserably, once they were settled into their uncomfortable chairs, and once he started talking, the whole awful story came out. Bobby, bless him, didn’t give Dean the reaming out he deserved for his drunken ranting and antics, just said gently,
on the periphery of his daily life, but is usually kept at bay by a long to-do list, and snarky exchanges with Castiel, and warm cuddles from Couch when he’s tucked away from the rest of the world, safe in the house, the home, he can call his
‘Well... I was wondering if you might want to go. With me, I mean. Well, and Charlie too, of course, like, I don’t want to interrupt your plans, but maybe... Would you mind a third wheel? So I guess I’m really asking if
on the grocery run.’ He looked unusually cheery about the idea. ‘Pretty soon we’ll have to figure out what to do about a car for her too. Man, who woulda thought... I’m thinking maybe a little Chevy Cobalt or an Aveo — you know, a little beater that’ll give her good gas mileage, but won’t cost an arm and a leg to fix.’
Cole wasn’t one to pull his punches, which Dean typically appreciated, but it didn’t make it any easier to hear his life stripped bare, and watch as Cole pulled common threads from all his insecurities and upsets until everything made perfect sense, and no sense at all. (‘Can’t I just be sad my fucking parents are dead?’ Dean had asked angrily during one session, ‘Why’s it gotta mean that I’ve got some PTSD or some shit? Can’t a guy just be sad?’ Cole had remarked mildly that plenty of people were sad when a parent passed away — himself included, he said, revealing that his own father had died when he was a small child — but not every person turned to self-destructive coping mechanisms, and/or allowed that fear of loss to seep into every other relationship in their life. ‘Not to mention, projecting it onto others... You thought you were going to just die of cancer in your bedroom, and not tell anyone? How did you think that would work — you’d just slowly turn into goo in your apartment until your neighbours started complaining about the smell?’ Cole asked, arching an eyebrow, and Dean laughed, despite the doctor’s harsh words.)
‘Of course we are,’ Sheriff Barker said, a note of steel in her voice, ‘I’m going to go radio ahead for backup, and get the paperwork we need in line, and then we’re going to hunt the bastard down. See if you can get any intel on location from the kid, alright?’ She glanced back through the two way mirror to where Jack was still kneeling placidly on the floor, mechanically tearing off small chunks of muffin and raising them to his mouth, looking as though he still expected to be beaten for every bite, or have the food snatched away any second. Dean’s heart clenched, remembering those terrifying, hungry days all too well, and his hands twitched uselessly at his side, the urge to hold his own wrists in position behind his back suddenly slamming him right in the gut.
‘I don’t want to go down any road that involves a goddamn Toyota,’ he muttered, but then sighed, and said, ‘Well, what do you think?’
‘I find it charming,’ Cas assured Dean before he could open his mouth to comment on the irony of Benny, of all people, mocking his drawl. ‘Are you from the South?’
‘Only one way to find out, kid,’ Dean interjected with a wink at Cas. (Cas remembered their first stuttered conversation at the Daily Grind in which they’d both made terrible, awkward small talk, and complimented each other’s various assets... And then Dean had run over Balthazar, of course.)
Dean forced himself to get it together enough to change back into his clothes, and balled up the paper gown to toss into the trash bin, painfully aware of the fact that a week ago, he’d barely been able to sit up unassisted. He shook his head, amazed at the fact that that move didn’t send sparks of agony shooting through his skull, and wondered if this lasted, how long it would be before little things like this stopped meaning so much. He genuinely hoped he never took a single moment of good health, and no pain for granted ever again.
‘Every artist started exactly where you are,’ Cas countered gently, not correcting Jack for mispronouncing his name, ‘As a child in art class. And art isn’t about... Competition. It’s about taking what you see and feel, and turning it into something beautiful.’ He hesitated a moment, then put a hand lightly on Jack’s back, and led him over to an easel with a blank canvas propped on it, and said, ‘Every painter starts with a blank canvas just like this one, and then uses their imagination to bring their vision to life. If you could put anything in the world on this canvas right now, what would it be?’
nice to meet you,’ she said, giving Castiel a once over that made his skin crawl, ‘Are we waiting on your wife?’
When they arrived, they were immediately directed to the waiting room while Jack and his mother (who they learned from the police officers stationed outside their door was named Kelly Kline), were being examined. Sheriff Barker had apparently insisted on staying with them the entire time, which made Dean feel about a hundred times better, despite knowing that in an actual hospital like this (as opposed to the old omega slave clinics he’d been sent to) it was highly unlikely anything ‘untoward’ — as Cas would say — would take place. Still, Dean was so tense and wound up that he kept shifting in his seat, and cracking his knuckles, and jiggling his leg enough for Jody to finally sigh in exasperation, and whack him lovingly on the shoulder with her magazine, and give him a hissed
The man’s expression softened for a split second, but then he smirked, and leaned back to open the door to the garage, and leaned inside and hollered, ‘Hey, lover boy! Your barista’s here for his bike!’ then turned back to Castiel and Charlie, and said, ‘Give him a minute. Can I get you a cup of coffee or somethin’?’
‘Okay, good luck with that,’ Dean says dully, reaching for another bottle, but this time just holds it loosely, twirls it from knuckle to knuckle like how he’d learned to do with a quarter when he was a kid — something to keep Sammy amused, because not much else of their life was amusing.
‘I’ll be your wife,’ Dean answered smoothly, getting out of the car, ‘She don’t know us. I might be the wife.’
A nurse finally came to get them and escort them up to Bobby’s room a little while later. He warned them that Bobby might be disoriented, groggy, and very sore, which might make him irritable and impatient, to which Ellen responded
Dean couldn’t speak just then, and for once, it had nothing to do with his aphasia. Luckily, Gorgeous Barista seemed to accept this, and stood back up.
‘Hey Dean!’ Jody interrupted loudly, seeming to appear out of nowhere, ‘Ready to hit the road, kiddo?’ she glanced down at Nick through the window of the cruiser, and said firmly, ‘The trash will take itself out — it’s not for you to worry about right now. Let’s get going so we can meet the ambulance at the hospital.
that Cas and Jack had designed themselves. Dean watched as Claire’s eyes flew open, and she covered her mouth with her hand, and turned back to Dean and Cas, who had walked up behind her, and were grinning away at her surprise.
‘Are you gonna say it, then?’ Dean asked innocently, infuriating as ever, ‘I won’t believe it unless you actually say it.’
Less great, however, were their nights together. They’d both been thoroughly shaken by Claire’s accident — for Cas, it brought back memories of his own accident and subsequent recovery, and for Dean, memories of the terror he’d felt following both Cas’s accident
‘Hey there boss,’ Garth said, as though he was about to talk about nothing more serious than a routine oil change, ‘I’m gonna need you to help us out and chew these aspirin here, alright? It’s gonna be bitter as all get-out, but hopefully it’ll make you feel better real soon.’ Bobby seemed as though he was trying to nod, and Garth deposited the aspirin into Bobby’s mouth. Dean saw his jaw working as he tried to follow Garth’s orders and chew the aspirin, nose wrinkling a bit as the bitterness was surely hitting. He reached over, and held Bobby’s hand, furious at himself for not being more useful.
‘I’m interested,’ Cas said quickly, and a dark, confused look passed over his expression for just a second, then it was gone, ‘And I understand what you mean — about not wanting to waste time. So, yes, Dean, I would very much like to get to know you better.’
Joyce stepped away to give them a moment to ‘hash things out’, and once she was out of earshot, Cas turned to Dean, and asked, ‘Well? What do you think?’
‘I’m trying,’ Cas grunted, as one of Jack’s hands — with an entire fistful of green mess, of course — caught the side of Cas’s cheek, ‘to get
‘I mean,’ Dr Barnes said, sounding just as baffled as Dean, ‘That two weeks ago, your scans showed a tumour the size of a lemon that no surgeon in their right mind would even attempt to remove... And now it appears to have vanished.’
are not going to one of those omega training centers, and if you try to force him there, I will fight you until my dying breath.’
He stormed inside, and barely kicked his boots off before collapsing into their bed, still fully clothed.
his own scent, it would be clinging to him like a cloud of stale cigar smoke — putrid and toxic. He strides purposefully forward, onward, like he has a destination in mind, but truthfully, this is more of a retreat than an actual journey, and he hates that most of all. This is
Dean reached gingerly for Cas’s good hand through the weedy tangle of wires and tubes, and leaned over to lay the lightest of kisses against his bandaged forehead. Cas’s eyes cracked open just a sliver, and Dean gave him a watery smile, because that was about all he could manage.
Claire turned bright red, and mumbled, ‘The literary ’zine I joined with Krissy, Patience, and Alex is having a reading for the end of the year issue, and they want me to read, uh, something I wrote.’
‘Who woulda thought...’ Dean said, repeating his words from earlier, disbelief evident in his voice, ‘Didja ever think we’d be dads, Cas? Doesn’t that blow your mind?’
, though he certainly hoped he could soon refer to them as ‘the family’. Cas set the table with their slightly-nicer-than-normal dishes, and lit some of his fruity candles (
fist bumps anymore, you dweeb,’ to which Dean had retorted, ‘Comin’ from the chick who just said ‘dweeb’?’, then waited there, fist extended until she’d grudgingly brought her fist to his. Afterwards though, Dean had complained extensively that ‘Jack said the fist bump thing was in! I’m only thirty-friggin’-three, how can I be
fit, man, like these are your people. The kind who own tuxes, and speak French, and don’t cause a fucking scene at a black tie event. At the very least, you should be with someone who understands and inspires your art, not some ‘filthy mechanic’ with a welder who garbage picks half his materials.’
‘Yeah, that’s no problem,’ Dean answered automatically, ‘I told ya just ask anytime you need something. What, uh, what’s going on at the school?’
‘Totally fucking sucks,’ Dean agreed, and watched her lips twitch at his use of the expletive. ‘So... Ice cream?’
Of fucking course he’d been parked behind a fucking motorcycle of all things. The poor Harley never stood a chance. It had tipped right over, and been pushed half out of the parking spot, mirrors and lights shattered, and paint scratched to hell. Dean looked down at the carnage, swallowing hard a few times, then forced himself to turn, and walk back into the coffee shop, shaking all the way.
, Cassie had said once after one too many glasses of wine in Balthazar’s backyard on a warm summer night,
Thanks to everyone who’s taken a peek at this story... I know this is the project that literally no one asked for, but I’ve been in my head lately with the angst and trauma that is
Though he doesn’t like to think about these things too loudly, Bal is, objectively, quite proud of himself. He’s come a hell of a long way in the last decade, and every now and then, he feels like that ought to be acknowledged — even if it’s only in his head. He was broken once, and now he is not. The cracks in his being have been pressed back together — perhaps not perfectly, but it’s a damn sight better than where he used to be.
‘How could you bring me to your ex’s show, Cas?’ Dean asked, anger born from humiliation colouring his voice, ‘I mean... I clearly don’t belong here.’
‘I think just a regular black coffee today,’ Dean said, and pulling out his wallet, ‘Don’t need as much help staying awake anymore.’ He paid for his coffee, dumping his change into the tip jar as usual.
‘Hey,’ Dean interjected, and waited for Cas to turn back around before continuing, ‘Ain’t nothing wrong with not getting back on the bike, if you don’t want to. What you’ve been through — it’s a big deal, Cas, and don’t ever think that feeling some kinda way about it makes you... Whatever it is you’re thinking your are, alright? Cos I’ll tell you right now, I’m impressed as hell with how strong you are, so don’t you go shit talking my boyfriend like that, got it? And as far as Bal goes — I fixed him up once, right? After some dumbshit forgot that R was for reverse, remember? He’s definitely not ‘fucked up beyond all repair’, though I’m definitely impressed with your slang there, Jarhead.’ He accepted the mug of coffee form Cas, with a kiss to the corner of his mouth.
For the main course, he had made a decadent honey garlic salmon, using honey from Cas’s apiary for the glaze, with roasted root vegetables on the side, eyeing Jack and Claire’s chicken fingers and fries with something close to envy. (Cas caught Jack slipping Dean a few fries off his plate, which was so endearing, he wasn’t going to call him out on it, but unfortunately Bobby also noticed, and made a comment about Dean being the equivalent of the family dog — or perhaps garbage disposal. This, of course, prompted Dean to loudly remind everyone that he had
‘Well,’ Cas continued feeling almost shy, ‘Here’s the thing... I’m still a little... You know, after the accident, so when I was talking to Cole about it, he said maybe I should take a refresher training course, just to get comfortable again? What do you think about that?’
Finally satisfied that the bathroom had been returned to a relatively tidy state, Dean grabbed a couple of towels and set them on the counter, stripped down, and joined Cas in the shower. Cas hadn’t moved from the shower seat, just leaned over, resting his head against the glass wall, eyes closed, so Dean gently helped him up, then slowly, reverently, he helped Cas wash up. Cas groaned when Dean started massaging shampoo into his hair, and opened his eyes just a crack, mumbling more apologies. Dean just shushed him, and continued his task, before washing his own body and hair as quickly as he could, then turning the water off, and stepping out to grab the towels. He ran one through his and Cas’s hair, then wrapped it around his waist, and winding the other one around Cas’s shoulders, helping him dry off, before leading him back to bed.
Cas sat up straight, swaying slightly, and grabbed Dean’s hand, bringing it to his lips, and kissing his knuckles, ‘It’s amazing, babe. I’m so proud of you. I’d kiss you, but I’m an absolute wreck right now.’
By the time Claire finished reading, she sounded considerably less nervous, but there was a catch in her voice on the last line, and her eyes were shining bright under the spotlights. Everyone clapped, and Cas glanced around to see more than a few people wiping their own eyes. Claire shakily made her way off the stage, and was immediately enveloped in a four way hug with her friends.
He continued on like that for some time, Cas drifting in and out of consciousness, before Bobby gently pulled him away, and murmured ‘enough of that now, boy. I think he gets that you’re sorry.’ Dean nodded, and fell silent, though he felt nowhere near absolved.
‘Hey kid, I let it slide once, but I’ll have you know I am nowhere near forty-five,’ Dean protested, trying to sound more affronted than he really felt, but when he saw a quicksilver flash of vulnerability in her eyes, he softened his tone to pout a little as he said, ‘I
Dean rose from his kneeling position, wincing as he heard his knees pop from the effort (yet another sign of his advancing age that he didn’t want to think about), and grabbed the clothes and food from the table. He set them gently on the floor in front of Jack, and crouched down again. ‘These are for you,’ he said clearly and firmly, ‘No one wants anything from you in return. Will you please put them on?’
‘I won’t get in trouble,’ Dean assured her, ‘As long as you don’t do it again. Claire, I would have gotten you anything you wanted in the joint. You didn’t have to lift it.’
Cas really didn’t know what to say to that — this whole time he’d felt like he was falling further and further behind, so hearing Claire say what he’d been afraid would be viewed as standoffishness was actually appreciated was surprising to say the least. Not wanting to make things weird, he simply said, ‘It makes perfect sense. I’ll bring it up later... He won’t have to know it came from you at all.’
‘I don’t know,’ Jack said, still looking at Dean warily, ‘I... Alpha kept us — me and Mom — in a... Basement, or something. It was dark — and wet. I only... I only got out, cos my Mom- She... She...’ he broke off, and covered his face with his hands, and the last words were so muffled, Dean could barely make out, ‘She attacked Alpha. Hit him with part of our chair right in the head. Told me to run. And I did. I ran and ran.’
‘You are magnificent,’ Cas told Dean, staring straight into his eyes, and reaching up to hold his face in his warm, strong hands, which never failed to make Dean melt, ‘You are wondrous. My brave, extraordinary husband. I’m so proud of you.’
‘Claire...’ Dean said, hating to be the bad guy, ‘Usually when a dog keeps getting brought back like that, there’s a reason for it.’
Once Dean had stopped staring dumbly at the sudden change of events, he shook his head vehemently, and said, ‘Absolutely not. New parent rule number one: no dogs. They stink, and they make a mess, and scratch up your floor, and eat your shoes, not to mention having to pick up dog shit in the yard constantly. No dogs. Sorry to burst your bubble, kids...’ He tried to sound firm, but sighed when he saw how quickly Claire and Jack seemed to deflate in the backseat. Looking to Cas for support, he groaned again when he saw the same wounded look on Cas’s face as well. ‘Oh come on!’ Dean complained, making Claire and Jack perk back up in the back seat, ‘You too?’
‘It’s for your own good,’ Dean insisted harshly, deeply regretting coming here in the first place, ‘Well, I said my piece, and my brother’s waiting in the parking lot, so I gotta bounce. Be well, Castiel, alright?
‘What can it possibly mean, when tomorrow you intend to run off on a suicide mission? What good is loving you, if you mean to go where I cannot follow,’ Cas snaps, anguish melting away into anger, ‘Do you realise that I will hear your prayers — hear your screams —
‘Hey you,’ Cas greeted him, clambering down the ladder so spastically that Dean was genuinely worried for his safety for a minute, ‘Hope you don’t mind — I’ve been wanting to put something on this wall since we moved in, and nothing seemed right, then today the idea just hit me at work.’
When they’d finally retraced Jack’s steps as far as he could remember, they found themselves outside a modest looking two-story house with white siding and green shutters. It was as nondescript as a suburban house could possibly be, down to the peonies lining the walkway, and the trash bins spray painted with the house number leaning against the side of the house. It was so normal looking that it made Dean’s spine tingle, knowing the horror that lay just below what the eye could see.
Sam startled awake so violently that he actually rolled right off the sofa, and fought the blankets tangled in his legs as he called back, ‘Dean?! What’s wrong? Are you alright?’
It was being driven by Dean’s co-worker, Garth, who had been instrumental in taking care of Bobby last year when he’d had his heart attack. Cas liked him quite a lot, but even Garth’s endlessly sunny disposition wasn’t enough to keep him from dreading what he might see come off the back end of the tow truck. He steeled himself, and walked over as quickly as he could, not even caring that he hadn’t put shoes on.
‘Yeah,’ Dean said, gripping the side of the kitchen counter, feeling like the floor had just gone out from under him, ‘Yeah, this is me, I mean, Dean.’ He was suddenly reminded of phone etiquette lessons with Mary, some twenty-five years earlier, and couldn’t for the life of him remember the correct response for when someone asked for you on the phone.
‘We could file for a civil union after June,’ Cas suggested, ‘I know it’s not exactly a marriage, but it’s really close. I mean... If you killed someone, I wouldn’t have to testify against you in court. Or, if I ended up in the hospital again, Bobby wouldn’t have to pretend to be my dad in order to find out what’s going on.’
‘I know,’ Cas said, and leaned over to give Dean a quick kiss on the cheek before heading back into the house to see if Jack wanted to come with him to drop off the paintings, which, of course, he did.
Cas’s heart swelled with a deep sense of awe and admiration for how far Dean had come that he could so casually discuss his mental health — a far leap from the man who had hidden the fact that he was literally dying from everyone around him. He snuggled in closer to Dean, the wine making him feel fuzzy and content, and laid his head right in Dean’s lap, prompting Dean to lean down and kiss him Spider-Man style automatically. Jess watched them with such soft adoration that if she had been a cartoon, she’d be looking at them with heart shaped eyes.
‘I asked the same thing, and Dr Hottie said the damn thing disappeared, and I should make lemonade,’ Dean said, trying to sound much calmer than he actually felt. He ran a hand through his hair, marvelling again at how it
‘Dean?’ Cas interrupted, coming out from behind the counter. His mouth fell open as he took in Dean’s appearance — all pale, sweaty skin, dark circles under his eyes, and having lost a significant amount of weight in the elapsed weeks due to the not eating/constant vomiting thing. ‘Oh my god, you look awful. What happened?’
‘Coming from the chick who says ‘dweeb’ in the first place,’ he said, and wrapped his arms around her, gently laying a hand against the back of her head.
Both Dean and Cas opted to sit out the bouquet/garter toss — Cas cos he was absolutely exhausted from dancing and the long day, and his leg was starting to hurt a bit, and Dean because there was no point. Once that was over, and a pissed off looking Meg, who’d caught the bouquet, had let one of Benny’s cousins from New Orleans put the garter on her leg with only minimal threats of dismemberment, Dean turned to Cas, and asked quietly, ‘You ready to jet?’
‘I know you said you might not want to ride again, and I get that, sweetheart,’ he said quietly, ‘I understand. What you went through was terrifying, and if you decide you’re not ready, then I totally support that. I just wanted you to have the option to ride
‘Charlie picked me up this morning,’ Cas replied, ‘And she was only half an hour late, surprisingly. Luckily I told her to get me forty-five minutes earlier than I actually needed her to be there, so it ended up being okay.’
Next, a barefoot older woman wearing a crop top and sarong skirt had taken one look at another one of the smaller sculptures — this time of a songbird surrounded by music notes, perched on a tree branch made from springs wound and welded around an old tailpipe that had been inspired by a Fleetwood Mac song his mother had used to sing to him — and had offered Dean and even more absurdly high amount of money for it. He’d actually counteroffered with a much lower amount, and the woman had actually put her hands on her hips and glared at him, saying
‘I think so too,’ Judge Turner said with the faintest hint of a smile. He turned back to the entire courtroom, and continued, ‘Having reviewed the request, and heard the testimonies here today, I find that I do feel that the adoptive parents, Mr Winchester and Mr Winchester will treat Claire and Jack Kline as their own. I believe that they will support and care for them, that they will offer a safe and suitable home for them, and that both Mr Winchester and Mr Winchester agree of their own free will to adopt Claire and Jack Kline. I find that this adoption is in the best interest of Claire and Jack Kline, and therefore their adoptive parents, Dean and Castiel Winchester, will be their parents under the law, with all the rights and duties of the parent-child relationship. Mr Winchester and Mr Winchester, you will both be required to sign the adoption decree, and with that, you will be legally be the parents of Claire and Jack Kline forever. Many heartfelt congratulations to you, and your new family.’
Dinner was delivered from a local barbecue restaurant that the whole family loved, and Charlie had it set up buffet style on the patio. Cas paused on the patio for an extra minute, and watched as everyone got situated, sitting side by side at the long table in his backyard, and his throat suddenly felt very tight.
Balthazar had merely passed Castiel a bottled water and some ibuprofen and told him it was time for bed, but he’d never forgotten his friend’s drunk ramblings. They
The ceremony itself was short and sweet, and lasted less than ten minutes. The justice of the peace gave them the same speech he likely gave every other couple who stood before him. Cas repeated the words back to him, and then Dean did the same. (They didn’t exchange rings, as they’d decided to use the same rings they’d gotten after their civil union, but they did have them engraved with the wedding date, and the words
Cas sighed, ‘I know. And I’m not trying to be... Ungrateful. But I just feel like a fuckup, and the fact that Bal is totalled, just... I told you the first time we talked, that bike was my baby. And now he’s FUBAR.’ Cas looked absolutely devastated, and turned back to the coffee now that it was done brewing, and filled two mugs for him and Dean. ‘I don’t know if I’d even be able to handle getting back on a bike after this, and that makes me feel like a complete-’
Cas and Dean’s one year anniversary came at the end of May, and Dean walked in the door after work to find Cas perched perilously atop a ladder, painting a beautiful, fantastical landscape of hundreds of flowers on the wall of the living room, in every colour of the rainbow. It looked like something out of Wonderland, and once again, it took Dean’s breath away to realise that that’s what the inside of Cas’s head must look like — bright, and wild, and full of infinite possibilities and colours. Cas turned when he heard Dean enter, and grinned.
‘Those are both valid and impressive career choices,’ Cas replied, deadpan, ‘I could picture you in boots and a hat.’
It took a little while, but eventually the two Klines and the two Winchesters fell into an easy rhythm, and for that, Cas was immensely glad. He’d been more than willing to open their home to Claire and Jack when Dean had asked, but doubted his own ability to offer a parental role, especially to Claire. Though he felt every one of his thirty-two years, he still had distinct memories of being sixteen like Claire, and didn’t feel far enough removed from that stage of life to be considered an adequate adult role model, much less a parental figure.
The world had become a little less vivid, now that he was fairly certain those startling green eyes no longer existed in it.
‘Oh,’ Sam said, looking uneasy, ‘Oh, I didn’t- I thought you knew what was... I shouldn’t have said anything, sorry. I don’t like to- It’s Dean’s story to tell, not mine.’
‘I’m okay, baby,’ the woman replied soothingly, though tears were streaming down her own cheeks, ‘You did it. You got out, and you found help, and you saved me. My boy, my brave, brave boy,’ she looked hesitantly over to Dean, who was standing back a respectful distance. She straightened up a little, steeling her shoulders, and wrapping the blanket a bit tighter around herself, asked, ‘And you... Are you Dean? You’re the one who found Jack?’
He and Claire made their way over to the garage, and Dean made another mental note to get Claire some boots as well as he watched her trudge through the slush in her Converse shoes, which had to be soaking right through. He opened up the second garage door with his code, and they climbed into the Impala. Claire glanced around the interior, looking unimpressed.
Cas stood and gave Cole’s hand a shake. ‘Nice to meet you, Dr Trenton,’ he said politely. Cole snorted.
Asa eyed him thoughtfully, then said, ‘I’m going to have to take down your information for our records, so I’ll need your driver’s license and for you to come with me to complete your purchase. Your daughter can remain here.’
A gruff looking older man in a baseball cap came out of the back then, interrupting Castiel’s awestruck reverie, and grunted, ‘Something I can help you with, or didja just come to gape at the scenery?’
‘It’s gonna be okay,’ he said again, giving her a little pat, then returning his hand to the steering wheel before it veered into
‘No honey til the kid’s first birthday, got it, Cas,’ Dean said with a salute, not intending to even attempt to figure out what half those big words meant.
‘I do,’ Cas said slowly, ‘But Dean, buying a house is a big leap from sharing an apartment... And think of the drive. You just said you thought Benny was nuts for living this far out.’
Cas gave him a small, vulnerable smile, and said, ‘What can I say, it’s one of the many perks of being with you.’
, because it really hadn’t taken him long at all to realise that that had never really been that safe of a place to begin with, at least for him. He thinks of that moment every time he speeds past an eighteen wheeler in the Impala, usually trying to outrun cops or monsters or Jack-knows-what-else, himself. He thinks of how he has never
‘Mr Winchester, I’m calling because we found your name listed as the emergency contact for Castiel Novak-’ the sheriff started, and Dean’s legs went completely out from under him, and he felt himself falling to his knees with a sharp pain that he barely noticed.
Feeling the need to do anything rather than continue that train of thought, Dean went back into the room, and knelt again next to Jack, who had set the bag of muffins on the ground in front of him, and was staring at it with a look of defeat on his face. Dean took a peek, and saw one and a half muffins left in the package. Jack noticed this, and flinched.
He sat stiffly in the front seat of Jody’s SUV, seatbelt pressing into his chest when she took the turns a little too fast, the pressure against his sternum doing little to calm the clenching of his heart. He anxiously fiddled with the white gold band on the fourth finger of his left hand, still getting used to its weight, but currently so grateful to have something to focus on instead of the omega they were on their way to rescue.
‘No, we’re fine,’ Claire said stubbornly, but Dean watched as she swung her legs back and forth under her chair, looking more like a little kid than being a few years from adulthood.
‘Turn around, sweetheart,’ Dean said, laughing, and Cas did, and saw the Impala parked at the end of the driveway. He started laughing as well, asking
The words were so reminiscent of the ones Jack had said that Dean knew at once what to do. Hands still extended in plain sight, he reached across to one wrist to roll up his sleeve jacket, then unbutton the cuff of his flannel shirt. He repeated the action to the opposite wrist, then extended his exposed arms to Jack’s mother, the vulnerable skin of his inner arms and wrists exposed. The faded, but still clearly visible scars from his
‘No, tell the rent-a-cop that you’re the one that stole the notebook,’ Claire said, though her breath hitched when she heard him talking about Sam, ‘And let him take your license? Now you can get in trouble cos of me.’
for being so absolutely wonderful and agreeing to beta for me for this insane world I have been working on, and allowing me to scream about all things fic-related at literally all hours of the day and night.
‘Are you asking me or telling me?’ Cas queries, but there is a smile in those stupidly blue eyes, so Dean is willing to count it as a win.
Dean got very still while Claire was talking to her friend, and his hand found Cas’s, and held it tight. Cas saw him swallow hard, but pull it together just in time for Claire to turn back around.
‘I know,’ Dean said quietly, ‘Cas, I really thought... Well, I didn’t think, I guess. That I’d get a chance to think about the future. And now that I can, I... I don’t want to waste time not saying the things I mean. So,’ he took a deep breath, ‘I really like you. And... I’d really like to see more of you. If you’re interested, or course. Because I am. Interested, I mean.’
‘You can’t just leave,’ Dean almost snarls, trying like hell to focus on his indignant anger, rather than his hurt, ‘You don’t get to just fuck me and then fucking
, which if anything made Dean feel worse. He didn’t deserve kindness or grace or understanding, not after what had happened to Cas. He deserved to get his ass kicked — maybe his leg and wrist and ribs broken — maybe then he would start to feel even the tiniest bit better.
The first thing they noticed when they pulled in was that she had installed shepherd’s hooks along the length of both sides of the driveway, and strung what appeared to be miles of white tulle between them. Hanging from each hook was a mason jar of multicoloured daisies. When they parked and got out, Cas realised she’d decorated the entire backyard with the same bright, vibrant daisies... It looked as though the painting in their living room had come to life, and it took his breath away.
. Do you think you could meet me here so you can look at the inside too? I can ask the realtor if she wouldn’t mind waiting for a bit.’
The weather finally broke the following month, and as the snow melted and the trees got their leaves back, it was as though their property was waking back up. All but one of Cas’s beehives had survived the winter, which Cain assured a heartbroken Cas, was quite impressive for his first year tending to an apiary. Cas still looked so sad as he cleaned out the dead hive, and harvested the leftover honey and wax, that Dean genuinely felt bad for the frozen little fuckers. The chickens all made it through, though, and had been supplying them, and all their friends with a steady inventory of farm fresh eggs for the past year. Dean had taken over caring for them during Cas’s recovery, and found himself oddly attached to his strange little menagerie. (He was still outright refusing to take on horses, though — fuck that noise.)
After the initial relief of seeing Cas still breathing didn’t render him quite so inert, Dean rushed over to Cas’s side, mindful of his leg and arm that were both immobilised and in traction, and lines for his IV, and oxygen, and several other things Dean couldn’t identify. A wave of nausea that had nothing to do with the hangover hit Dean like a train, or a truck, or a bus, (or, well, a deer against a fucking motorcycle). The similarities between Cas’s set up, and what his parents had looked like fifteen years (and one day) ago were so obvious, that the gravity of the situation really sank in then, and had it not been for Bobby gruffly scooting a chair up behind him, he would have almost certainly collapsed.
‘Right... But dude,’ Charlie said, and paused, like she was trying to make sure she phrased her thoughts exactly right, ‘I don’t know how much that really matters, I mean... You and Dean? You’re, like, something weird, you know? Like outside time and space, steal a TARDIS, allons-y Alonso kinda weird. Possibly, soulmate kinda weird. So if you’re feeling it, then I say go for it. YOLO, right?’
The smell of bacon permeated the semi-lit bedroom, that made both Cas’s stomach roil, and his mouth water, which was an entirely unsettling feeling. He stumbled blindly to the bathroom, but when the nausea passed, he settled for simply popping some ibuprofen, and brushing his teeth to rid his mouth of the acrid taste of stale alcohol. Once he was marginally less disgusting, he ambled into the kitchen, and was completely unsurprised to find Dean not only cooking a gigantic breakfast for the household, but whistling cheerfully as he did it. He looked up as Cas approached, and snorted as he took in his bedraggled appearance, and wordlessly passed him a cup of coffee.
By November second, Dean was thankfully no longer yellow, but it was always a dark day for him. His parents had both died that day when he was sixteen, and he usually spent the day either at the cemetery in Kansas when he was able to make the eight hour drive, or the bottom of a bottle when he wasn’t. (He’d noticed his drinking had become a bit of a problem over the years, and typically limited himself to only a few drinks socially, but on that day he allowed himself one night to drown his sorrows in his father’s favourite whiskey, consequences be damned.)
‘Me too, Cas,’ Dean replied seriously, ‘Hey, I gotta get to work — first time back at the garage in, god, like, a month, but can I maybe... Call you later or something? Work out a plan for the festival?’
Dean wasn’t a praying man, but he was begging whatever was out there that this wouldn’t be an experience he and Bobby would share.
‘Hey,’ Dean said again, ‘Grief don’t make sense, and it ain’t a competition. I know things with your mom were... Complicated. But she was still your mom.’
When Judge Turner seemed satisfied with Dean and Cas’s answers about the request itself, he focused his sharp gaze onto each of them in turn, and said sternly, ‘Now I’ll have you know, the State of Illinois has entrusted me to make certain each child who stands before me is going to placed with the best possible parent or parents possible. I take this responsibility very seriously, so I would like to ask you now, Mr Winchester, why do you believe you are the best possible parent for these minor children?’ Cas and Dean just looked at each other, not sure to which
‘Hey,’ Dean said gently, ‘Charlie’s great. You don’t gotta be nervous about meetin’ her or nothin’... She’s good people. I think you’d get along really well.’
, Dean’), but after he ate the breakfast wrap Dean made him, he looked a little more steady, and a little less green. As the best man, Dean was expected to arrive at Benny’s early, so he left Castiel just after ten, with a kiss (now that Cas had brushed his teeth), and instructions for him to ‘keep an eye out for the handsome guy in the tux’.
‘As long as you’re sure you don’t mind...’ Cas said hesitantly. ‘If you do the whole class, you’d be able to test for a motorcycle license without having to take a road test, just a written exam. If you wanted to, I mean.’
me exactly.’ He sighed, but then hurriedly added, ‘It’s really nice of him to try though. I mean. I know he doesn’t have to do that at all, and I like spending time with him...’ Cas offered to gently suggest to Dean that maybe baseball ‘practice’ should be removed from their rota of bonding ideas, and the look of relief on both Jack’s, and Dean’s faces once the conversation took place was so comical that Cas wished he’d had the foresight to record them.)
‘Somebody shut him the hell up, and shove him in the cruiser!’ Sheriff Barker shouted, and several officers jumped in to do just that.
Cas just rolled his eyes and muttered, ‘It’s too fucking early for this,’ and led Dean over to their respective tents, ‘Seriously, though, do you need help carrying anything?’
Claire, of course, was a bit more reserved with her response. She stiffly offered a hug to Cas, like she didn’t quite know what to say. Dean, at a loss, did the only thing he could think of. He extended his fist towards her, raising his eyebrows expectantly.
Claire’s eyes flew open in surprise, though she quickly tried to hide her reaction, and said, ‘Oh, uh... I didn’t think you guys would wanna... But, uhm, yeah. Anyone can come. It’s next Friday at six at this coffee shop in town, called the Daily Grind or something.’
It took some time — far more than just the one or two sessions Cas had been anticipating to help him ‘get over’ Claire’s accident — but slowly but surely, Cas felt like he was coming back down to earth. He hadn’t realised the weight he had been carrying from his own accident until some of the burden seemed to lift.
It was the first weekend of June, and Dean and Cas were sitting in the kitchen, drinking their morning coffee, and lazily debating if they should have celebrated the thirtieth of May as their dating anniversary, now that they had the anniversary of their civil union coming up in November. (Dean said that any reason to party was reason enough, and that by ‘party’, he meant ‘get Cas naked’, and Cas said that pragmatically having an anniversary in both May and November was reasonable, as they were six months apart, so it just made sense, and it took an embarrassingly long while for them to realise they were both arguing the same point.)
, at the very end, a brown haired woman clutching a blanket around her body stumbled out onto the porch, and Jack let out a strangled cry. He bolted away from Dean, running at her full force, tears streaming down his face. Dean hurried over behind him, and as he neared, the woman flinched hard at seeing a strange man approaching, but then his very clearly omega scent must have registered, and she relaxed infinitesimally. One side of her face was terribly swollen, her eye only able to open a sliver, she had dark bruises already forming a sinister looking ring around her throat, and she was cradling one arm close to her chest, but her expression was one of pure love for her son, who had wrapped her in arms, and was now sobbing into her hair.
Claire’s overall angst and anger over losing her parents, and distrust of the foster system. (She also shoplifts from Target.) Bobby suffers a non-life threatening, but certainly scary heart attack which requires CPR, an ambulance, and a short hospital stay. Dean and Cas have to go through the family court system to finally adopt Claire and Jack. (Pleasant/positive experience, don’t worry.) Cas’s overall anxiety and morbid reflection on his demon deal, and what that means for his longevity.
The adoption process itself went more smoothly than anyone could have hoped for. Jody was thrilled, and advised them every step of the way. Back in the beginning of the year, she had (in a moment of then-unfounded optimism) encouraged them to get licensed to foster
It took a bit of convincing to get Claire to agree to leave (far less convincing for Jack, who had run out of things to entertain himself with about an hour and a half ago), but eventually everyone said their goodbyes, and Claire did actually give Dean a hug, for which he was extremely surprised and grateful. When the three of them departed, it left just Dean sitting silently with Jo and Ellen, which felt so reminiscent of his later teenage years that he felt a pang of nostalgia hit him like a freight train. The only one missing was Sammy, who had wanted to book a flight immediately, but Dean convinced him to wait until they knew more, especially since Sam and Jess had just visited not too long ago.
Dean went to grab a trash bin and bottled water to place next to Cas’s side of the bed, just in case, then climbed in, and snuggled in close to Cas.
Several more weeks passed, and physical therapy was going well. Castiel’s physical therapist was a gentle giant named Gadreel, who looked like he could bench press a house, but ended up being one of the most patient, encouraging people he’d ever met. He also rewarded Cas with a bag of different flavour M&Ms after every appointment, which Cas found endlessly hilarious and endearing.
him for that, but right then, in that very second, he gives absolutely no fucks about easing his guilt,
‘I love them,’ Cas said, loose with wine and happiness, ‘And I love you. And I love that we can maybe someday be a family. I want to keep all three of you forev- for the rest of my life.’ He raised his eyes up to Dean’s, and said more quietly, ‘Okay? I want to keep all three of you.’
The whole thing looked like a whimsical, Wonderland-esque fever dream, and Cas loved every bit of it.
‘Then just sit still and think of England,’ Cas snapped, ‘Don’t you dare embarrass Claire; she’ll never forgive us.’ Dean sighed sulkily, but then made a big show of sitting up a bit straighter, hands folded primly on the table as he gave Jack a wink, which made him laugh more.
care. I care a whole friggin’ lot dude, I promise. I just need you to talk to me, kid. We need to know if someone’s gonna be coming after you, so we can get you some place safe.’ He took a deep breath, and said, ‘The sheriff said you don’t got a collar... So where did you come from?’
‘Castiel,’ Charlie chided him gently, ‘I’m sure he doesn’t hate you. And you do know we’re not the only coffee shop in the city, right? Nothing says he gave up coffee altogether. It’s rough, dude, but he’ll either come around — or he won’t. But you’re not the idiot for taking a chance and asking him out... You’d be an idiot if you
smile), he promised the final instalment upon delivery of the final four paintings. Cas quickly thanked him, and steered Jack from the building, fighting the urge to literally wipe away the memory of Dick’s touch. He looked down to see if Jack had noticed anything unusual had taken place, but luckily Jack was in awe of the entire process, and chattered happily about how amazing both the paintings and Dick’s office had been. When he shyly asked Cas if he thought maybe
A bit more impressive than the story of how they met, was the event that lead to their first conversation.
staying here, and you are going to use those sexy French skills to order for both of us, and I’m going to sit here and think about all the things I’m going to do to you when we get home to make you scream in two languages.’
Cas had finished the series of surrealist landscapes for the architecture firm, and they had gone over so well that he was actually flooded with commissions at any given time. He was exhausted, but exhilarated, and Dean couldn’t have been prouder if he’d tried. Cas’s free time was significantly impacted by this, so most nights, they would be holed up together in Cas’s apartment (which seemed to get smaller by the day, due to the every growing number of canvases propped against every wall and piece of furniture), with Cas painting away, sometimes in a world entirely of his own. Dean didn’t mind, though... He was stupid in love with every aspect of Cas’s being, so getting to watch the man he loved do the thing he loved, well, there wasn’t a single thing boring about it; he considered it a privilege that he got to witness the process.
one of the best things to every happen to me,’ she’d told Dean, with a fond pat on his knee during one of their meetings, ‘You two are something really special, you know that? Those kids are lucky to have found you — and you’re luck to have found them. Seems like a perfect match.’) After many discussions late into the night, Dean and Cas finally decided it was time to ask the kids if that was something they even wanted — especially since Claire was of an age where her consent was required.
Next, Judge Turner took his time reading over the adoption request, then asked both Dean and Cas several questions about it, which they answered honestly and eagerly. Jack was starting to fidget, and kick the ground with his uncomfortable looking new dress shoes, but Cas just nudged him a bit and mouthed something that made Jack grin, but settle down. Claire, being Claire, just rolled her eyes, and returned her rapt attention to the judge.
‘Aw, knock it off,’ Dean said, but he was laughing. ‘No, it’ll probably be just a small civil service with a justice of the peace or something, with just you and Jack, then maybe a little party back at the house. Nothing too wild.’
The bell above the door jangled as it always did, and Dean fought the urge to vomit right then and there, but instead took a deep breath, and made his way slowly right up to the register. It was early afternoon, rather than part of the early morning rush, so the shop was thankful pretty empty.
‘Give me a minute,’ Claire snapped, though without her usual bite. She slid a finger under the flap and began to tear it, then hesitated and looked up at Dean, eyes full of apprehension. ‘I’m too nervous. Can you do it?’
‘Good job, kid. Go ahead and finish that package if you think your stomach can handle it,’ Dean said gruffly, ‘Gimme one minute, and we’ll be back.’ He backed away slowly, and exited the room with Jody and the sheriff.
‘Mr Novak is in the post-op recovery room as we speak, but barring any complications, he should be moved to an inpatient room within the hour,’ Dr Davies replied, ‘You will be notified of the move once it takes place, and you may see him then. I should warn you, though he did not sustain a serious head injury, he did lose consciousness at the scene, and we suspect he has a pretty nasty concussion, so he may be groggy, disoriented, or even combative upon regaining consciousness.’
Speaking of unbeatable sibling duos, Claire and Jack were laughing at something Bobby had just said (undoubtedly making fun of Dean, which the kids just loved), and Cas felt his heart melt a little when he saw Claire slip her hand under the table and reach for Kaia’s. Jesse was on Jack’s other side, also cracking up, then leaned in to whisper something in Jack’s ear, making Cas groan, knowing whispers between those two boys was never a good sign. The apprehension was short-lived, however, when he realised how happy all four kids looked, and marvelled yet again at how very lucky he was to have been able to welcome Claire and Jack into his life.
It took a little over a week for Bobby to get the okay to return home, but with strict orders to rest, continue with his meds, avoid basically all the foods he enjoyed, and follow up with a cardiologist. (‘Shoulda just let them kill me,’ Bobby complained, but one look from Ellen had him contrite and quiet, if not still a little bitter.) Dean, Jo, and Ellen all worked in shifts keeping him company for the first few weeks until he finally snapped and told them he
‘At least the others had the decency to fucking apologise, Sammy,’ Dean said, but then winked at Claire who just gave him her patented eye-roll, and smiled into her coffee cup again. Jack, on the other hand, was beside himself with glee at all the profanity being so casually tossed around before he’d even finished his pancakes.
Asa made no move to take the receipt, just said again, ‘Sir, I’m going to need you and the young lady to come with me now,’ and gave the cart a little tug in the direction of the customer service counter. Completely baffled by this sudden turn of events, he followed wordlessly, then looked over to check on Claire, and found she had gone sheet white, and looked like she might burst into tears. Startled by this, Dean paused, and put his hand on her arm.
‘I’m attempting to get him to open his mouth for the bee,’ Cas said, and demonstrated, ‘Okay, Jack, here comes the honey bee! Bzzzzzzz!’ He aimed the spoon for Jack’s mouth, only for Jack to fling his arm at it, and launch the spoonful of peas straight into Cas’s face.
‘A queen is never late, young hobbit,’ she remarked snidely, ‘Nor is she early. She arrives precisely when she means to!’
Dean’s phone pinged then, shattering the moment into a million pieces, especially when Dean saw it was his brother doing his daily check-in on how Dean was feeling, which never failed to make Dean feel like some decrepit old man who needed constant minding, lest he fall down the stairs or something. By the time he dismissed the message, and repocketed his phone, the moment had passed, and Gorgeous Barista’s cheeks had returned to their normal colour, and his customer service smile had slid firmly back into place.
‘All of the above.’ Claire groaned, but looked significantly more at ease. She bit her lip and said, ‘I mean, I super appreciate him wanting to drive with me — and you too — it’s just... Uhm... Kind of a lot? And sometimes I just feel like I need quiet, you know? So I can concentrate on the road, and make sure there’s no other cars around or whatever? That’s why I like driving with you; you just let me do my thing, and don’t try to make me talk or listen to music or whatever. But I know Dean’s car is, like, his baby or whatever he calls it, and I know he’s doing me a big favour by driving with me at all, so I don’t want to tell him what to do in his own car. It’s just... Stressful sometimes, I guess.’
Cas snorted, and gave Dean an awkwardly angled fist bump, and turned his head to the side to press a kiss into Dean’s cheek, and said ‘Thanks babe. I’m trying. S’all we can do, right?’ as he pulled away to go help Jack with his paint selection.
Jack settled into the back seat, put his headphones on, and started playing his handheld video game thing that was
‘Oh, you so don’t want to know, dude,’ Charlie said, wandering back over from where she had been looking at one of the sculptures, ‘For real — he never shut up about you, it was like being stuck in the world’s worst YA novel,’ before Castiel could die of humiliation, however, she barrelled on, and asked, ‘So what’s with all the Decepticons? Super cool aesthetic; I definitely dig it. Where’d you get ‘em?’
Dean was quiet then, and he was quiet all the way home, and through dinner. Finally, once they’d crawled into bed, Cas rolled onto his side to face Dean, and asked, ‘Wanna talk about it?’
him. This commander of armies — who has fought in wars, who has seen civilisations rise and fall, who has
The thing was, Cas had never really expected to ever be a... A father. (He could call himself a father, right? They were, after all, officially a family, as per the State of Illinois. Dean was ready to jump in with both feet, but he’d had not one, but
He wakes abruptly hours later, heart beating a wild tattoo, the house quiet and still around him. Couch has abandoned him for whatever nighttime mischief an old, overweight cat can get up to. He’s flung one arm wide and defensive, the other searching for the phantom knife he no longer goes to sleep holding. As his senses adjust to the darkness around him, he is
‘You paint?’ Dean asked Castiel, his sunny disposition back so quickly it was as though the strange moment had never happened.
‘And to think I thought about being a firefighter at one point,’ Dean grumbled, stretching and twisting his back.
by the realtor who had sold them the farmhouse, and that Dick always looked at Cas as though he were something to eat on the few occasions they’d had to interact.)
‘I’m tryin’ here, Cas,’ he whispered, a bit of a whine in his voice, ‘You know this ain’t my scene... I don’t really understand half of what these kids are saying.’
Soooo, originally I had planned for this story to be eight chapters, but this chapter was turning into a monster already, and was only up to 2015, so I decided to split it into two. The next chapter will be 2016-2019.
Dean pulled up to the garage, and started the opening process, joined shortly after by Benny and Meg. Garth wandered in a bit later, and then Jo and Bobby rolled in uncharacteristically late just before they were about to open for the day.
When they got back out to the parking lot and climbed into the Impala, they just sat there for a moment, letting the news they’d just heard sink in.
‘I didn’t know it was Ian’s show,’ Cas protested, his eyes huge and hurt in the moonlight, ‘I swear Dean, I had no idea.’
Judging by the way she was swaying where she stood, it was clear to Dean that she didn’t look like she could physically make even it another ten yards, much less win a fight, but he believed without a doubt that she would go down swinging to protect her son. He raised his hands, palms out, and looked her straight in the eye when he said, ‘I swear to you — we’re not a training center or a punishment center. We-
On the contrary, Cas is staying, perched at the end of the end of the bed, staying still, and staying silent until Dean watches him lean forward, and cover his face with his hands, and he sees his shoulders shake, and he finally understands what’s actually happening.
‘Jack works for me,’ Dean said firmly, knowing too well what those other things must be. ‘So listen — that other lady I came in with, Jody? We’re from a place called Novak Rehabilitation and Reintegration, and we... We help omegas. We’d like to help you, if you’ll let us.’
‘Can you please just leave me alone, Cas?’ Dean begged dully, imagining he could see disapproval coming off his boyfriend in inky black waves, ‘I just can’t- I need... Just go, alright?’
in Cas’s bold, all uppercase handwriting. Dean frowned, momentarily concerned — Cas usually parked the bike for the season on Halloween — but when he looked out the window, he saw the sky was grey, but bright, and the weather was clear. Cas’s habit of parking the bike after taking his last ride on Halloween was really just one of his many weird traditions he’d started for himself than an actual safety concern — Cas was the first one to say that there were many safe riding days in November, he just liked the idea of putting Balthazar ‘into hibernation’ on his favourite holiday, and Dean found no reason to argue with him.
‘Maybe we should go see Cole,’ Dean mumbled, eyes closed, already being pulled back under, ‘Bet he could help us sort it out.’ A moment later, Cas heard Dean’s breath even out, and knew he’d fallen back asleep.
‘Hey hon, what can I get you?’ she asked, leaning over the bar in a way that Castiel was sure  had encouraged many a man tip generously, but he barely looked at her, just numbly ordered a whiskey, and threw it back without a second thought. The bartender paused sympathetically, and asked, ‘Rough day?’
‘You’re okay, though, Mr, uh, Balthazar?’ Kevin asks uncomfortably, ‘I mean, after... You know. Dean’s brother and all? Cos, uh... That guy’s kinda huge, and, you know, an alpha and all that, and he was pretty pissed off.’
‘Sure is,’ the man from the reception area interrupted, coming up behind them, ‘Dean here’s quite the artist, isn’t he?’
Once Bobby and Ellen had finally departed, Claire and Jack went upstairs to get ready for bed, and only popped down for a moment to say goodnight. Jack ran around giving everyone hugs, and Claire did her self-conscious wave again from the stairs.
Dean and Cas sat quietly side by side in the front seat for the first few miles, each of them trying to get a handle on their emotions.
‘She’s the best,’ Castiel agreed, ‘And for the record... I had a great time too. Dean, I can’t tell you how glad I am that you’re... Okay. I know I said it before, but I was so worried after that conversation with your brother.’
The realisation hit him like a ton of bricks, but the longer the thought sat with him, the more sure he felt. He felt a huge, stupid smile taking over his face, and of course Cas chose that exact moment to turn back around, and gave him that curious head tilt when he saw his boyfriend with a Cheshire Cat grin, which, incidentally was entirely appropriate for the atmosphere created by the mural that now lived on their wall.
Charlie agreed to drive him over to the ‘Singer & Sons’ garage when they got off, on the condition she got to come inside and ‘get a load of the eye candy’. Castiel groaned, but agreed, because he didn’t want to have to walk, and calling an Uber just for that seemed superfluous. Charlie pulled her little yellow Gremlin up in front of the garage, then eagerly hopped out following Cas into the reception area.
‘About the house?’ Cas asked, ‘Well, outside, it looks great. I mean, needs work, but definitely cool. Why, what do you think?’
Lastly, thank you so much to any and all who have been so kind with your feedback... It truly means so much! Extra thanks to the MSW Discord fam for helping me with various fact checks.
Dean and Claire had been thick as thieves since the first few weeks of the Kline kids coming to live with them. (Cas still didn’t know what had taken place between them, as Dean had stoutly refused to spill the beans the only time Cas had asked, and just said it had been handled, so Cas figured he could take him at his word.) Dean, for all his self-deprecating talk about being a
‘Sounds like it,’ Gorgeous Barista replied grimly. He turned, and called over his shoulder, ‘Hey, Charlie? I gotta go take a look at something for a minute, you good?’
for the kids — be present, be supportive, be a safe space. Bonding with Jack had come naturally, easily. The moment Jack had wandered into his studio, wide-eyed and eager, he and Cas had become nearly inseparable. Jack had fallen in
‘Oh,’ Castiel said, feeling a bit guilty about Dean’s obvious self-consciousness, ‘Dean, it’s not that I don’t trust your driving, it’s that I have to get up at the asscrack of dawn to get here on time, and would never ask you to suffer through that for me.’
‘Hey,’ Jody said, and waited until Dean looked at her before she continued, ‘He’s safe now. He’s gonna be alright.’
‘That’s the hick in him comin’ out,’ Benny supplied gleefully, ‘Only happens when our boy here is  tired, drunk, or feelin’ some kinda way, and wants to change the subject.’
) that fever dream of the bartender in that hazy bar all those years ago had actually happened, then would it really be fair to adopt children —
‘I think I’d live in a shoebox if it meant I got to have that garage,’ Dean replied honestly, then hesitated, ‘Would you... I mean. What do you...
Dean took one look at Cas, whose eyes now looked suspiciously bright, and something in him just broke, dousing his rage, like a tidal wave of sad resignation just hit and he was down for the count. He nodded, and let Cas take the lead this time, following him down the beautifully landscaped walkway to a bench that was tucked away among the tall bushes. They sat there, half hidden from the world for a long moment, before Dean asked quietly, ‘What am I doing here, Cas?’
Bal rolls his eyes, and then laughs out loud when Cassie sends a rolling eyes emoji. He settles back in bed, his chest feeling considerably lighter. He wonders if he can figure out a subtle way to let Cassie know how much this bizarre little conversation has meant to him when he receives another flurry of texts.
Dean woke the next morning, and just laid in bed for a few extra moments, eyes still closed, clinging to the last few seconds of the sleep world where he was still whole and healthy.
‘Coffee and toilet paper!’ Cas called back, and Dean snorted, ‘Oh, and grab dinosaur oatmeal... I think we’re feeling inspired!’
‘Aw, Cas, I dunno,’ he says uncomfortably, ‘A guy wants a lotta things. A week long vacation in Maui — toes in the sand, drinking outta a little coconut under a palm tree. To win the lottery and be able to swim in gold coins, Scrooge McDuck style. To-’ He breaks off, unable to come up with any more flippant bullshit to say, because his throat might be getting just a
, and he can take his time doing all that fussy ‘manscaping’ shit he used to make fun of with secret envy.
The other man stared at him for a long moment, then said, ‘Sounds like you’re having a really shitty morning, huh?’ in a voice that was entirely too gentle for the current situation.
‘We can leave if you want, babe,’ Cas said soothingly, ‘This was a really nice idea, but I’d be just as happy with takeaway on the couch.’
‘Are you okay?’ he asked finally, much quieter than he had been mere seconds ago. He looked straight into Claire’s eyes until she gave him a watery nod, then he released her face and pulled her into a tight embrace. ‘You don’t scare me like that again, kid, you understand? Thank fuck you weren’t hurt.’ He kissed the top of her head, and just held her for a long moment. Cas exhaled, shame flooding his gut at having doubted Dean at all.
‘Quite alright,’ Balthazar says, almost kindly, and Kevin shoots him a quick smile and awkward wave, then mutters something about going to go ask Jody to check on the residents. Bal watches him leave, and ponders again how and why he has become such a magnet for the lost and lonely. He finds he’s not as bothered by it as he once was, though.
Claire gave Cas another small smile, and downed the rest of her coffee, then said, ‘Thanks, Castiel. I really appreciate it.’ She glanced back down towards the groceries, but Cas just shook his head.
talented and kind, but also batshit fucking crazy. We live in this old farmhouse, and he decided he wants to raise chickens and bees — he even got me to build him a friggin’ chicken castle for them to live in.’ He paused, and broke into a sad smile. ‘And guys... Believe it or not, I’m a
Claire appeared a moment later, looking sullen, and opened her mouth, most likely to complain at having been summoned, but before she had a chance, he shoved the letter in her face. She took it from him, hands shaking, and just stared down at it for a long time.
Cas watched this exchange fondly, and once their ritual was complete, he cleared his throat and asked, ‘Is the reading for everyone or just students? Would you like us to attend with Jack?’
‘Right. You got it, just let me-’ Sam said, then Dean felt Sam take one of his hands, and wrap the other arm around his shoulder. Like oversized participants in a three-legged race, they slowly made their way to the door, making the bell jangle obnoxiously again, and then a few moment later, Sam was easing Dean down into the front passenger seat.
‘Spent a lot of time talking about me, didja?’ Dean asked, eyes twinkling again, and Cas loved that he had been able to get that reaction out of him, ‘Now what kind of things were you saying about this mysterious mechanic, I wonder?’
Jack wasn’t registered or collared, even with a false birthdate. This type of breeding wasn’t unheard of, but it was certainly rare — and highly illegal.
‘Maybe for a child whose father isn’t deathly afraid of them,’ Cas answered in a matter of fact way that did something funny to Dean’s chest as he marvelled yet again at how Cas never failed to see and consider all of him, even in the smallest things. Not wanting to have a whole chick flick moment right there in the middle of the kitchen, he cleared his throat, and handed Cas a paper towel to wipe the muck off his face.
Sam was getting ready to head back to California, having been gone for almost a month, which Dean felt immensely guilty for, especially since he was still kickin’, so the trip had really been for nothing, and he’d told Sam so. His brother had pulled Bitch Face #843 at that, but then got emotional all over again, so Dean relented, and admitted that he had been glad Sam had come out, and that it had meant a lot to know he wouldn’t have been alone. It was more sharing and caring than they had done in a long time, so Dean was very grateful when Sam suggested they hit the bar the night before he left. He invited the guys (and Jo and Meg) from the garage as well, and it had been a great time.
‘None of that, now,’ Balthazar interrupted with a smirk. ‘We are, after all, in a very public location, Cassie. No one needs to hear about what parts of Dean you, ah,
‘Aw, Cas, don’t forget which idiot caused all these problems in the first place,’ Dean replied, one hand rubbing the back of his neck with apparent embarrassment, ‘I still can’t tell you how sorry I am about all this.’
less pathetic than being single and alone by themselves, and now here they were — both stupid happy, and stupid in love.
‘That’s awesome!’ Dean exclaimed, and extended his fist to her. She rolled her eyes, and fixed him with an unimpressed look, but then grudgingly gave him a fist bump. This little show had become something of a running joke between them, and it was hard to say which one secretly enjoyed it more.
Despite his assurances to Kevin (which would undoubtedly find their way back to Cassie), Bal doesn’t head straight home. Instead, he drives aimlessly along the waterfront for hours, staring blankly out the windshield. He realises after some time that he’s not even put the radio on, it’s just been him and his thoughts — or lack thereof — alone in the stifling silence since leaving the center.
Sensing that the conversation was getting dangerously close to spiralling out of control, as car talks with Dean often did, Cas interjected gently, ‘That sounds great, babe, but, uh... Maybe let’s cool it on the shop talk with Claire for a little bit? Especially when she’s driving, I mean... She’s a nervous driver already, I think it would be best for her to have as few distractions as possible. We don’t even put the radio on when I drive with her cos I want her to be able to focus on the road as much as possible...’ He was laying it on awfully thick, and apparently Dean thought so as well.
‘Need a hand?’ he asked earnestly, then caught sight of the sculpture Dean was carrying, and groaned, ‘Don’t even say it, oh my god.’
‘Pretty sure School House Rock was talking about federal shit, not state,’ Dean argued, deflecting. He sighed again, and said, ‘Can we stop talkin’ about this now? Cross that bridge when we come to it?’
The first week of May, Dean’s brother, Sam, had flown in for his birthday and to meet the kids, and — much to Dean’s utter delight because of how many embarrassing stories he could now unload — had not shown up alone. The girl Sam had initially introduced as his roommate’s friend a few Christmases ago, he now reintroduced as Jessica Moore, his girlfriend. Cas thought she was an absolute riot — her rapier wit and sharp tongue made her one of the few people who’d been able to render Dean speechless. (Cas was among the list of others who’d accomplished this feat, though he was certainly not going to allow anyone else to use
Cas laughed derisively, surprising even himself at how bitter he sounded. ‘That’s so stupid though, isn’t it? It’s not like I- like I served in a war zone or anything,’ he said, eyeing Cole’s medals again. ‘I was just an idiot who took my bike out when I knew it was a bad idea. I was upset and angry, and I made a stupid choice that could have cost me everything. I... I don’t
they were. Charlie was beside herself, and came out extra early on movie night to visit with her ‘little chicklings’, and had given each one a Dwarven name from The Hobbit, which Cas insisted was one of the highest forms of compliments of which Charlie was capable.
The drive into town wasn’t as awkward as it could have been. Claire mostly stared sullenly out the window, only looking up to roll her eyes when Dean popped his favourite Zeppelin cassette in, and mumbled something indecipherable, presumably about him being an old man again. They pulled into the Target parking lot, and trudged inside, Dean wincing again as he watched Claire kick up sludge with her sneakers that definitely had wet spots on the sides from the snow.
Dean starts seeing a therapist who makes a dark joke about Dean’s coping skills (or lack thereof) when he had the brain tumour. Dean is not offended at all (he actually laughs), but it is a bit harsh.
‘Who owns you now?’ Jack’s mom asked apprehensively, ‘When they... When they take us, Jack — he’ll be treated kindly? No more... No more- he won’t- The alphas, they won’t make him...’ she broke off, tears starting anew, and hid her face for a moment in the fabric of her blanket. Jack pulled her closer to him, and gave Dean a grateful, but impatient look, and mouthed,
It took all of two months for Castiel to blurt out ‘I love you’, in the middle of The Daily Grind, of all places. Dean had stopped in at 06:45, like he did every day like clockwork, and had handed Cas a white rose with a short stem that he said he’d picked off his neighbour’s bush on his way out the door.
Claire actually let out a little huff of laughter at that, and said ‘Just fucking with you,’ but her shoulders relaxed just a tad, so Dean decided he could still count it as a win.
‘Call me Cole,’ Cole replied, just as Dean had told Cas he would. ‘Well, c’mon back, Castiel, let’s get this show on the road.’
Dean checked his phone just before he got back on the road, and was surprised and a little hurt to see that Cas still hadn’t texted him back. He tried calling, but it went straight to voicemail. (‘This is my voicemail... Make your voice a mail’ Cas had said on his outgoing message, then laughed his fool ass off like it was the funniest thing he’d ever heard.) Dean tried not to think about it on the long drive back, but his brain kept coming up with all sorts of outlandish reasons why Cas would not be answering his phone — everything from him losing it at the store, to him being in another accident, to him taking advantage of Dean’s absence by having a wild, steamy affair — each thought was more outlandish than the last.
‘If that’s what you’d like to call me, sir,’ Jack whispered, a tremor in his voice, ‘The police lady, she asked me what name my mother gave me — and that was Jack, but... But sometimes I’m called other things.’
The bottle is slipped from his hand by warm, rough fingers brushing against his, electric touch and feather light. Cas examines the bottle, cracks the seal, wrinkles his nose like a child, not a millennia old being sent on a fruitless rescue mission, but he drinks the contents, regardless. Dean remembers the time Cas had to drink a liquor store to catch a buzz, but he appreciates the show of solidarity nevertheless.
Jack and Jesse looked at each other, then Claire looked at Jack, and the next thing anyone knew, the two Kline kids were scrambling to talk over each other.
‘Dean, what’s happening?’ Castiel asked, sounding closer now. Dean felt a light touch on his left shoulder, ‘What can I do?’
‘Hey,’ Sam interjected, the cheeky grin on his face making him seem every bit the troublemaker little brother Dean always described him as when they were younger, ‘
The holidays had come and gone, along with his and Dean’s third anniversary of their civil union, which was a little odd for them this year, as a few months prior in June, same-sex marriage had officially become legal in the state of Illinois. He and Dean went back and forth for ages as to whether or not they wanted to get ‘officially’ married, or continue on as they were. They debated in earnest for a week or two, weighing the pros and cons, and exploring what ifs.
that gives a visual of what I think the farmhouse and garage look like, and some spoilers for Part III, and the ramblings of a very hyper author.
He wasn’t sure what had possessed him to actually talk to Dean that particular day — perhaps it was the feeling of disappointment that had settled in so snugly under his rib cage when 06:45 came and went, and there was no sign of his favourite customer. Even Charlie had noticed, and together they speculated what could have been keeping him. When they both saw and heard the big, black muscle car rumble into the parking lot, Charlie had actually cheered out loud, and made an embarrassing comment about Castiel’s ‘hottie’ finally showing up, which made several nearby customers chuckle, and Castiel turn bright red. Charlie had danced away from the register mere seconds before Dean entered the shop. He probably didn’t realise, but as the manager of the coffee shop, Castiel was rarely, if not never, required to be taking orders, but he’d started making an exception, at 06:45 only.
‘Listen,’ he said quietly, ‘If you know somewhere or someone who can handle the repairs, I don’t think there’s a need to call the cops, go through insurance, the whole nine. I’m fine with us handling this privately, if you are. I already pay through the nose for insurance on this thing, no reason to give them an excuse to raise our premiums, right?’
wonderful examples of what a father should be. Some days, Cas felt like all he was bringing to the table was a great example of what he
‘Babe, before you say anything, you need to understand-’ Cas started, but Dean simply ignored him, and called for Claire again. Cas brought his other hand up to Dean’s chest, ready to push him back if need be. He’d never seen this side of Dean before, and it was truly scaring the shit out of him.
Just then, Claire, Jack, Kaia, and Jesse all entered the bedroom carrying trays of what looked like half the kitchen.
Cas leans in closer, raises his hands to Dean’s face, and holds it gently. Dean closes his eyes, imagines this soft, featherlight touch is what Cas used when he saw Dean’s entire existence, vulnerable and damaged, and chose to take on the burden of putting it all back together. He closes his eyes, because he is not used to hands on his face whose aim is not to hurt and humiliate.
Dean walked over to the familiar grave, and bent to clear away some dead leaves and weeds that were beginning to overtake the bottom of the marker. He felt a pang of guilt for having neglected their plot as much as he had, but the thought was fleeting, and he let it go. Jack wandered off, giving Dean a moment alone with his parents.
The redhead behind the register flashed a wide grin, and gave him a big double thumbs up, which made Gorgeous Barista just shake his head, and hold the door open for Dean as they both went out to assess the damage.
. He makes quick work of Dean’s own shirt, greedy eyes searching for... Something. (Cas told him once that he had started looking for Dean in Hell almost immediately after his arrival, but it had taken the full forty years to finally find him. Dean sometimes feels as though Cas never ceased this quest; that every heated glance between him and the angel holds the weight of Cas’s curiosity and intrigue.)
is easily one of the most talented artists, and kindest, most loving men I’ve ever had fortune to meet, and by some miracle, he chose me.’
‘I’m so glad Bobby’s alright,’ Cas said, and reached over to grab Dean’s hand and press a kiss into his knuckles, ‘What a day. I was thinking maybe I’d take the kids back now? I don’t think Bobby would appreciate being overwhelmed with visitors as he’s just waking up, plus I think Jack’s starting to get a little antsy. Unless you’d like us to stay, that is.’
The minutes bled into hours, but Dean didn’t leave Cas’s side, and Bobby didn’t leave Dean’s. The nurses bustled in and out every so often, checking readings on various monitors, and poking and prodding Castiel, who got a bit grumpier after every time he was woken up, though he never stayed awake for long. Dean asked every time if they should be worried Cas hadn’t been able to stay awake yet, but was reassured with increasingly strained levels of patience that it was considered perfectly normal, and Cas’s body needed rest after the trauma it had been through.
He wandered over to Claire, who had grabbed a pair of basic black ankle-high rain boots, and was eyeing a pair of lace up combat boots with a sort of wistful look. She looked up as Dean approached, looking a bit embarrassed, so Dean just nodded towards the other boots and said ‘Throw ’em in the cart if you want.’
Luckily Cas jumped in and said, ‘We’re not expecting you to answer right away, of course, nor will we feel slighted if you decide this is not something you’d like us to pursue. We know we could never replace your parents, but we’d like to offer you... Us. In whatever capacity you would like to have us.’
Traffic, of course, was a bitch. He slammed his hand against the steering wheel of his 1967 Impala, and left fly a few more obscene turns of phrase, one eye on the row of tail lights glaring through the windshield at him in the early morning light, and the other carefully glancing at his phone to check the time. It was 06:52 already — he would have to skip the coffeehouse this morning if he had any hope of making it into the garage in even the most general of vicinities of being on time.
The sheriff paused, then very gently said, ‘He’s in excellent hands, Mr Winchester,’ expertly sidestepping the question, ‘Are you able to meet the ambulance at LCMC, or should we send a squad car to collect you?’
. He glanced over at Jo and Ellen, who were nodding and listening far more carefully than he was, saw them both visibly exhale when the doctor mentioned Bobby’s positive prognosis.
He stood, ready to walk out the door, and never look back, but at that exact moment, everything went white, then black. He let out a strangled cry, and gripped the table with his right hand to steady himself, panic making his entire body rigid.
‘Sure did, babe,’ Cas replied, and gave Dean a kiss before leading him inside their house where their kids were probably already wreaking havoc.
‘I don’t mind, Cas,’ Dean argued earnestly, ‘Really, man, I don’t really sleep too much anyway, so I’m usually up around four or so anyway, just dicking around until it’s time to head to work. So — honestly — if you need a ride, I’m at your disposal.’
‘Uh,’ Dean said, darting a glance over at Cas, ‘That’s up to you, bud. Whatever you’re comfortable with... Dean and Cas... or, like, Dad, or, you know, whatever, if that’s what you wanted.’ His chest felt unusually tight at the idea. He looked over to Claire, but she was still stone-faced, and not moving. ‘Uh... What do you think, kid? You, uh, you have a voice in this, ya know. Nothin’ goes forward without your okay, and like Cas said, nothin’’s gotta change if this ain’t somethin’ you want.’
‘I know a good mechanic who could cut you a deal,’ Cas replied dryly, reaching over to help gently lower the dragon to the ground, ‘Anyway, think about it like this — if someone buys your work today, you won’t have to worry about hauling it back.’
,’ he snickered like a damn child, then turned his attention to Dean, and gave him an impressed nod. ‘Heard you were quite the badass today, kid. Good show.’
Dean called Jody in the morning, to let her know both that her car was ready to be picked up, and also to get some more information about the kids from her ‘clusterfuck case’. She’d been overjoyed, and gave him every bit of information he and Cas would need in order to become foster parents. It took a few weeks to accomplish, but Dean found he was highly motivated, and Jody was with him every step of the way, using whatever clout she had to expedite the process.
‘No way, man!’ Charlie argued, practically skipping back over to a dragon-esque looking one next to a tool box, ‘This is, like, recycling at its finest! I would love to have one of these for my Moondoor room at home — look at how each scale is a different piece of hardware! It’s like steampunk meets Michaelangelo meets Tolkien... It’s amazing!’
, and popped her tire, requiring a tow truck to bring her into Singer & Sons for a replacement. She’d appeared to be on the verge of a mental breakdown, and when Dean had helplessly tried to reassure her that it really was no big deal to mount a new tire for her, she’d sighed and apologised, and explained that she’d just come from a frustrating meeting with some kids who were
?!’ Cas grumbled, nudging Dean awake. ‘Babe, get up. If I have to suffer, you have to suffer with me.’
‘I, uh... Dunno, mister. I mean. Cas-teel,’ Jack said shyly, turning a bit pink, ‘I just, uhm, do that kind of stuff at school. In art class, y’know? I’m not really good at it or anything, not like these paintings here.’ He sighed sadly, gazing up at one of the paintings Cas had completed for Roman Realty of the silhouette of a couple walking in the moonlight down a rain soaked walkway, the soft glow of the street lights reflecting off the multi-coloured trees that lined their path. It was whimsical, and romantic, and gave off a serene feeling of safety — easily one of Dean’s favourite pieces that Cas had ever made.
‘Nah,’ Dean wheezed finally, ‘Just went down... The wrong pipe,’ he cleared his throat again, just to be sure, then said, ‘I just, uh, overslept today. Gonna roll into work a bit late, but, uh, ya know, can’t start my day without...’ He raised his coffee cup awkwardly, and gave it a little shake, causing some of the hot liquid to splash out the opening onto his hand, and he hissed at the contacts already feeling his cheeks heating up at his unbelievable social ineptitude. There was a time in which Dean Winchester could walk into a room, and charm the paint off the walls, but that was... A different time.
‘I might still call you Cas,’ Jack said, his face squished into Cas’s shoulder, ‘But maybe sometimes I’ll call you Dad too. I don’t know yet.’
‘He’s going to be okay,’ he murmured, ‘You both are. You’re both so brave, and so strong, and we’re going to do whatever it takes to help you wherever you wanna go. You gotta believe me.’
‘I know,’ Dean murmured, ‘And I’m so sorry, I really am. It... It will be hard, but things will get better, I promise. You’re out now —
‘Hey babe,’ Dean called from the front foyer, ‘I’m taking Claire to Target... Y’all need anything while we’re out?’
Sam-bloody-Winchester finally backs the fuck up, fumbled apologies tumbling over each other as he stutters out assurances that he wouldn’t have hurt Balthazar, and Bal has exactly
‘No problem,’ Dean replied, grabbing the towel from Cas. ‘It was nice to get out with the kid, get some driving practice in... At this rate, I think she should be ready to take her test by next month, then we can send
He passively allows Dean’s frenzied exploration of his body continue for a few minutes, (or possibly half a lifetime — time, Dean finds, has lost all meaning), but when Dean pauses just a moment, in that space between breaths, Cas flips their positions in a move that is unfairly graceful, and unfairly
Dean slammed the Impala back into park, feeling his throat tighten up almost painfully, as he fought back against the wetness forming in the corners of his eyes, and he got out to check the damage.
. If that’s what you were looking for, you should gone back to the fuckin’ Honey Wagon or some shit.’ (
‘What was that?’ Dean asked, his words a bit slurry as he tried to shake the sleep from his brain. Cas turned after he got the coffee started, and leaned back against the counter, folding his arms over his chest.
‘Aw, Bobby, I didn’t do much except scream my fool head off,’ Dean admitted guiltily, feeling all sorts of uncomfortable emotions start welling up in him again, ‘I shoulda done more.’
Six months in, they had their first big fight, entirely due to Dean’s insecurity, immaturity, and self-loathing. Dean was actually surprised it had taken that long for him to show his ass like that (considering how often Cas got him to show his ass in every other conceivable way), and it would end up taking
‘Like a little kid being potty trained,’ he chortled, tearing into the bag of pretzel M&Ms Gad had given him as he’d walked out the door. Before Dean could even open his mouth, Cas continued, ‘I swear, if the words ‘ass wiping wand’ comes out of your mouth, you will
It took a bit of figuring out semantics, but in the end, Benny drove the dragon, and Dean drove Cas, and they all followed Charlie back to her house. Dean helped Benny carry the newly named Smaug into Charlie’s ‘Moondoor room’ which looked like something out of King Arthur’s Court, and she actually squealed and threw her arms around Dean’s neck when she saw the final result.
to make this travellin’ circus’a ours a permanent thing. If that’s somethin’ y’all... You know... Want,’ Dean said awkwardly, cringing as he noticed his words to start coming out in that damn drawl that Cas loved so much. He sounded like an inept idiot, not someone who anyone would want adopting them.
Late one Saturday morning after Dean and Claire came back from a drive into town for some groceries, Claire came striding into the house holding a few grocery bags, which she deposited next to the kitchen island, and immediately made a beeline for the coffeemaker and poured herself a cup. She leaned against the counter, closed her eyes, and rolled her head from side to side like she was trying to work some tension out of her neck and shoulders. Amara trotted over to Claire, and insistently nudged her hand in that way that meant she was looking to be pet, but rather than comply, Claire just gave her a halfhearted pat on the head. Cas, who had been  rummaging through some papers on his desk in his studio, watched this, mildly concerned.
ride,’ he replied happily, taking his helmet off, so content that he didn’t even roll his eyes when Dean made one of his signature lame jokes about other things he could be riding.
‘I don’t give a shit about the car,’ Dean replied without missing a beat. When Claire made a noise of protest, he growled, ‘Fuck the car. She’s survived two crashes already, she’ll be fine. Anything that’s busted I can fix or replace. I can’t replace
‘Yeah, yeah, yeah,’ Claire replied quickly, sounding so uncomfortable that it almost certainly meant that things were
‘Oh! Mr- uh, I mean- uhm, Balthazar... hi, hello!’ Kevin stutters when he finally notices Bal’s presence. ‘I was just, uh... Tidying up?’ He waves the rag he’d been using to wipe the windows hard enough that it goes flying out of his hand, and lands haphazardly on the potted ficus in the corner. Kevin scrambles after it, cheeks stained pink, and gives Bal a sheepish smile as he fixes the plant’s leaves, and wipes the final smudge of glass cleaner off the window.
Castiel, on the other hand, fit in seamlessly. He looked entirely at home among these one percenters — he hadn’t even had to rent a tux, just pulled one out of his closet like it was a thing every man owned — and was happily going from painting to painting, glass of champagne held casually in his hand in a way that made it seem as though he went to these kinds of things every day of his life. Dean didn’t want to rain on his parade, so he did his best to fake it til he could make it (or at least not do anything to embarrass Cas in front of all these snobs.)
However, as the days slipped by, and everyone got more comfortable around each other, Cas found himself completely enthralled with their new found family. Jack had taken to spending time with Cas in his art studio every day after school, after that first afternoon painting together. Despite his initial reservations and self doubt, Jack appeared to
He’d walked by the cruiser where the alpha was being held without meaning to, and was so startled by the smell of chemical scented cruelty and rage wafting through the partially opened window that he actually jumped back, and again had to remind himself that he was safe. He looked over, regarding the alpha cautiously, and forced himself not to flinch when the blond man in the back seat smiled, showing his teeth in a way reminiscent of a lion teasing its prey.
‘Garth and I have the garage covered,’ she assured him, ‘You go be with your family; let us worry about this place.’
‘You were very brave,’ Dean said seriously, ‘So brave, Jack. And you’re doing great, you really are. Just a few more questions, alright?’ When Jack nodded, he continued, ‘Your alpha — he never collared you? Never registered you after the auction?’
‘Love you too,’ Cas said sleepily. ‘Guess if nothing else can be said about it, at least I outlived that evil bitch, right?’ A moment later, it was clear he’d drifted off to sleep, leaving Dean to contemplate this very odd statement before succumbing to sleep himself.
Thank you to everyone who has been SO kind with their feedback... I love it, and live for it, thank you!
‘You suck,’ Cas said with a pout, though Dean could see his eyes alight with mirth, ‘See if you get lucky tonight, dropping me on the ground like a sack of potatoes.’
‘Okay,’ Jack said softly, eyes refocusing on the ground. Doubt hung heavy across his shoulders, so Dean dipped his head a bit lower so he could catch Jack’s eye and said,
Cas gets in a motorcycle accident, and is taken to the hospital, so there are some (poorly constructed) hospital scenes, and also scenes of the recovery process, including a brief bit of banter about Cas not being able to wipe his own ass post-surgery.
‘First things first — shoes,’ Dean said as they walked inside and grabbed a cart, ‘I think y’all are really gonna need some boots at least. It’s probably too late to grab snow boots, but rain boots and some good socks should do just fine.’
Dean rounded the corner into the kitchen, and found Cas sat in front of their six month old son, Jack, who was strapped into his high chair, and apparently having big feelings about it. Cas’s shirtsleeves were rolled to his elbows, and his hair was standing on end as he attempted to direct a spoonful of something green and puréed into Jack’s mouth, and having little success. Jack kicked his chubby little legs, and flailed his arms in front of his face to ward off the spoon (not that Dean could blame him — that green sludge looked like puke), happily whipping his head from side to side as Cas tried to both restrain Jack’s wild limbs, and avoid getting pelted with (more) green mush.
‘Mornin’, sunshine,’ he heard a familiar voice say, and his mood lifted considerably with just those two words.
Since a familial relationship had been established from the get-go, this time it was much easier to be updated on Bobby’s condition, and sent to the correct waiting room. He sat down in one of the uncomfortable chairs, and just... Waited. Waited for Benny, waited for Ellen. Waited for Cas to show up with the kids in tow, all three of them looking shaken. Waited for Jo to finally find them, and let them know that the EMTs had used the defibrillator on Bobby and thankfully gotten his heart going again in the ambulance, but he hadn’t woken back up, and was rushed off to cardiology when they first arrived. Waited for Sam to call him back around nine when he finally woke up (to be fair, it was only seven for Sam, so Dean couldn’t
‘Boss is coming right out,’ the kid said, then caught sight of the now overflowing top jar next to the register, ‘Holy shit! Uh, hey man, did you really mean to put all th-’
if you think you’re being funny, quoting that old Nicholas Cage movie you made us watch,’ Claire said snarkily, settling back in her seat, and glaring at the room at large. Dean glared right back, also leaning back into his chair, and folding his arms across his chest, a look on his face that implied he was able and willing to wait all night. Claire let out an exasperated sigh, and mumbled, ‘So there’s this girl Kaia who came to the poetry reading last year, and really liked my one poem, and we started, like, hanging out at school and stuff this year. I, uh... Think she really likes me.’
‘Dean, Cas,’ Jody said pleasantly, pointedly ignoring the girl’s glare, ‘May I introduce to you Claire and Jack Kline. Claire, Jack, these guys are Dean and Castiel... They’d like to offer you a home.’
‘What?!’ Charlie exclaimed, ‘No way dude! That’s totally not a fair trade. Based off how today went for you, you could flip that bad boy for a pretty penny, and all you’d be getting out of the deal is... A snarky, lying, handmaiden-slash painter with a bad attitude.’
Cas was... Radiant. Dean felt like a proper girl, getting so mushy about it, but there was no other word for it. He was absolutely enchanted in with the property, and Dean liked to imagine he could see cogs turning in Cas’s brain as he planned their next project. He already (thankfully) decided against getting cows, sheep, horses, alpaca, and goats (though each of those had been a thorough,  and lengthy debate, curled around each other in bed, surrounded by a truly obscene number of pillows and blankets in the king size bed Dean had insisted on buying for their room), but couldn’t get off the idea of a chicken coop, so in the beginning of April, Dean found himself bribing Benny to accompany him to the lumber store, Cas’s sketch of ‘Cluckingham Palace’ clutched in his hand, trying to explain to the unamused sales associate his boyfriend’s mad design for a chicken coop castle while Benny just shook his head and muttered,
‘Never said I don’t like it,’ Claire mumbled, but did actually haul herself into a sitting position, crossed her arms over her chest, and studied Dean carefully for a long moment before asking, ‘Why don’t you have parents?’
tried chocolate — as shit as his upbringing had been, that wasn’t the kind of deprivation he had experienced back then. Jack was seventeen, had lived his entire life as a prisoner in a basement, had suffered through unspeakable trauma, and had never eaten a goddamn candy bar before, and that just... Did something to Dean.
‘Well, keeping him in a holding cell just seemed cruel, so he’s in one of the interrogation rooms,’ Sheriff Barker answered, and when Dean glared at her, she continued defensively, ‘Mr Novak, we are a very small department — it was either I stick him there or in the supply closet. At least there’s a table and chairs where he’s at.’
‘What I oughta do is give you a smack in the mouth if you call me some kinda princess one more time,’ Bobby grumbled, but gave Dean an oddly vulnerable look, and said, ‘Guess I should just be thankin’ my lucky stars you boys were around to save my hide.’
‘What kind of asshole gets married in fucking March?’ he grumbled as he gave his friend a clap on the back, and looked for a place to hang the garment bag with his tux in it.
‘She said I’m the hottest piece of ass she’s seen all day,’ Dean said, enjoying the suspense too much to put Sam out of his misery, ‘Said she’ll be my baby-daddy, and I can live out the rest of my days as a kept-lady.’
‘Thank you for bringing them home, officer,’ Cas said, his voice sounding very tight. ‘Is there anything else you need from us right now?’ When the officer declined, Cas extended one arm to give him a handshake, the other still wrapped around Claire.
time. (That bitch, Hester, said once that when Cas first laid a hand on Dean in Hell, he was lost. She failed to mention, however, that wherever it was she thought Cas had gone to, he’d taken Dean — mind, body, and soul — right along with him.)
Dean had spent every free second of the last two months lovingly restoring and replacing every piece, discarding the burnt and twisted metal with the sort of reverence usually reserved for funeral services. It had been a tough job — the hardest aspect of which was the fact that being so close to the wreckage meant understanding
A few weeks later, Jack turned eleven, and asked if they could go to the go-kart/arcade/batting cages joint up in town, and bring his best friend, Jesse, so that’s what they all did. Dean, Jack, and Jesse stuffed themselves silly on popcorn, nachos, and some questionable looking hotdogs while Cas and Claire stood off to the side, both somewhere between highly amused, and dying of embarrassment. In the end, Claire asked if it would be okay if she went across the street to go look at the books and music store, and Cas joked ‘only if you take me with you’, and after everyone was reunited, they went to an ice cream parlour, and ordered ridiculously indulgent sundaes for all the kids (plus Dean, whose excuse was that he would share with Cas, when everyone knew that was a load of crap.) All in all, it was a great night for everyone, and Jack chattered happily in bed, recounting the day, before he gave them a shy
skin to skin, the length of Cas’s body covering his, and he leans down and kisses Dean like he wants to just
When he got to the top of the stairs and peered into her room, he was unsurprised to find she was laying on her bed, staring at the ceiling in much the same position she had been in that morning when he’d checked in on her to let her know breakfast was ready. She’d slumped downstairs, and eaten less than half a plate of pancakes before mumbling that she was tired and going back to her room to lie down. Dean and Cas had exchanged worried looks, but were trying to be respectful of her need for space, so they let her go with instructions to let them know if she needed anything.
Charlie tried relentlessly to cheer him up, even going so far as to come over Friday night, and demanding they have a Star Wars and wine movie marathon weekend (in chronological order, not release date, of course), and while it had been a good enough distraction, his heart wasn’t really in it. By Sunday night, as the end credits rolled on
Cas had arranged for him and Dean to have pop-up tents next to each other, so he was already setting up his display when Dean showed up carrying his first sculpture — a tabletop sized piece of a  pair of skeletal hands reaching upwards, with flowers at the base. Dean had been imagining someone climbing out of a grave, and coming up through flowers left behind by grieving visitors when he’d made that one. Cas’s whole face lit up when he saw Dean, and he hurried over.
wasn’t one of them. He felt sick, remembering how frail Dean had looked, clutching the side of the table like it was the only thing keeping him tethered to the earth. Maybe it had been.
‘Don’t even joke about that,’ Dean said sternly, ‘You’re not gonna end up in the hospital ever again, got it? You can’t put me through that shit again.’
Claire just sniffed, staring out the window for a long moment, then said in a wobbly voice, ‘Why would you
‘I’m there,’ Dean interrupted, leaning down to give Cas a kiss. ‘Whatever you need, you got it. Sign us up.’
‘Alright kid, you’re free to go. Your dad took care of everything, but next time we won’t be this understanding, got it?’ Asa said, his voice kind but firm. Claire nodded miserably, and wiped her eyes surreptitiously on the sides of her fist. Asa led them both back out, grabbed their cart, and told them to have a nice day. Dean shook his hand, and then he and Claire were off.
Jack’s mom paused for a long moment, then the next thing Dean knew, she was pulling him into a hug with her one good arm, and crying into his shoulder. ‘Thank you,’ she whispered in his ear between sobs, ‘Thank you, thank you, thank you. The things he — Nick — made him do... Did to him... Let his
‘They were in Baby,’ Dean said, and when Cas gave him a confused look, he elaborated, ‘In the last part of her poem — when she said they felt safe... They were in the Impala. The seatbelt in Jack’s lap instead of his shoulder, the rock music and old speakers. She was writing about them being with us. I just-’ he broke off, and scrubbed his hands over his face, and took a moment to breathe, ‘I get it — all of it, everything she was talking about — that was me and Sammy. And we didn’t feel safe until a few weeks after we got to Bobby’s. It was- That was a huge moment for us. And she’s saying we gave that to them.’
The woman came over, and introduced herself, ‘Good afternoon all, I’m Dr Bess Myers. I’m the cardiologist overseeing Mr Singer’s care. It appears that he suffered a moderate myocardial infarction — that is to say, a heart attack — which we treated with an angioplasty upon arrival. This is minimally invasive, and the stent should remain in place permanently. He also has several fractured ribs that he likely sustained when receiving CPR, but unfortunately the best treatment for that is time. We’d like to keep Mr Singer for observation for the next few days, and I will advise him to follow up with a cardiologist after discharge. He will also need to adjust his diet and lifestyle to limit or avoid red meat, sodium, alcohol, smoking, and such if he’d like to prevent further events from occurring in the future, but at this time, there’s no reason to believe he won’t make a full recovery.’
It was, of course, Jody who got the call. Before she could even finish explaining the situation — that a kid who was
, or maybe like his blood has been charged with electricity, or... Some other dramatic figure of speech that means he feels
Cas gave him another long look before forcing a smile, and said, ‘And given the chance, I’d do it all over again without hesitation.’
‘I’m sure,’ Dean declared firmly, the now familiar twinkle coming back into his eye, ‘Besides, there’s a really great joke in there somewhere about giving you a great ride.’
‘We could never have one before cos Mom was allergic,’ Jack explained quickly, ‘So we only ever had fish, but fish are
Balthazar can see Cassie’s message for what it was — a way out — and for once, he decides to take it, because he was bloody well entitled to cut himself a break every now and then. He’ll probably hate himself for it in the morning, but for the moment, he simply nods, and says, ‘Maybe send Jody or Benny around to check on them, then, yeah?’
‘Oh my god,’ Sheriff Barker said, at the same time Jody murmured, ‘That poor kid.’ Dean scrubbed his hands over his face, struggling mightily to get his emotions in line.
There wasn’t much more in the file, just a brief handwritten description from Sheriff Barker detailing how he’d been found, and that they’d been unsuccessful in locating either an owner or a family. Dean closed the folder, and handed it back to the sheriff.
‘Dean, it’s really okay,’ Castiel assured him for what felt like the hundredth time. He smiled shyly, then said, ‘Plus, think of this, if not the accident, we never would have talked, and I would have just kept calling you ‘Mystery Mechanic’ every time I talked about you.’
‘He really wasn’t wrong, though,’ Castiel said honestly, ‘Your work — it really is incredible. What’s it like in your brain?’
They entered into a sizeable front foyer, with an enormous living room to one side, and dining room to the other, which Castiel explored eagerly, running his fingers across the windowsill of the bay windows that had first caught his eye from the outside, and admiring the exposed wood beams of the ceiling. Joyce led him into the huge kitchen, and Castiel goggled at the beautiful butcher block countertops and apron sink — it was
Officer Stover left then, and Cas turned his attention to Kaia, who also looked very shaken. He opened his arms, and manoeuvred Claire slightly to the side, and the next thing he knew, he was hugging both girls, and murmuring reassurances that everything was going to be alright, not caring at all that the cold March air was cutting through his t-shirt like a knife. He just stood there holding them until finally both Claire and Kaia were calm enough to pull away.
how many) years past thirty, when Dean looked at the young omegas at the center, he saw them for what they were — friggin’ kids, despite the law changing the legal age to be sold to eighteen. If their genetic code had swung in the other direction, they’d be talking about prom, or college courses, or Justin Bieber, or whatever the hell it was kids liked these days... Not scurrying around, eyes hollow, tags hanging around their necks to replace the collars that some of them still had scars from. It was never easy when there was a new intake, no matter the age, but for Dean, it was the kids that gutted him the worst.
‘Please, Dean?’ Claire asked, ‘I just... I wanna take a chance on her, alright? Like you took a chance on me.’ She looked down at her boots — the black rain boots he’d gotten her during their first trip to Target, since the weather had turned cold and slushy — and Dean knew he was done for.
‘Oh... I, uh... I dunno,’ Jack said, sounding nervous again, ‘I’m not too good, and I don’t want to, like, wreck your good stuff or anything.’
More than his absurd generosity, however, the thing that first drew Castiel to Mystery Mechanic was the absolutely breathtaking green of his eyes... Ever the artist, Castiel had spent more frustrated afternoons than he cared to admit, trying to replicate the shade on his canvas, but could never get it quite right. He realised after the first few weeks of this exercise, that he had covered endless space with likenesses of Mystery Mechanic’s eyes, and that the workspace in his apartment was beginning to look like it might belong to a serial killer, and thus, the Experiment in Green was born. He filled canvas after canvas of everything from lush green forestry, to unearthly green-hued seas, even dabbling into the abstract paintings, despite not being his usual style.
, Dean... Don’t give up.’ Cas looks at him, all grief, and desperation, and unfairly blue eyes, and yet again — Dean breaks.
Dean nodded, feeling embarrassed, and mumbled, ‘It’s just... Nice, ya know? Getting together with everyone you love, celebrating... Sometimes I wish we could...’
Cas is staring over at him, propped up on one elbow, in a way that used to unsettle Dean. Cas had always
‘Sure babe,’ Cas agreed, though for the rest of the drive, he kept shooting Dean these indecipherable little looks, a pleased smile playing at his lips.
‘Just me, thanks, Ms Bicklebee,’ he replied, shifting uneasily, ‘Thanks so much for meeting me today.’
‘Of course, Cas,’ Dean replied, a strange tightness in his chest as he watched Cas climb out of the car for the last time.
made him a bit lightheaded with anticipation. Hannah then introduced Jody as the caseworker, and the next thing Dean knew, he and Cas were being sworn in to tell
!’ Castiel hissed through gritted teeth, wishing he could melt into a puddle right there on the dirty waiting room carpet.
However, if there’s one thing Dean’s learned, it’s that the end is so much harder to come to terms with when remembering what’s getting left behind.
‘Okay Cas,’ Dean said, throat tight with emotion, ‘Of course I choose you. I’ll always choose you. I’m sorry I’m being such a bitch right now, I just... This isn’t my scene. I feel like all I’ve done since we pulled up to the valet has been embarrass you. I don’t look right, I don’t talk right...’
good artist, too, but he gets too in his head, and doesn’t promote himself or his paintings, then thinks he’s a failure cos he hasn’t made a name for himself. Catch-22, dude.’
difference between signing a lease, and sharing an actual asset, but Cas,’ she continued gently, ‘This isn’t like it was with Ian. Dean’s not going to suddenly change just because money enters the equation. I mean, he doesn’t even know about your tr-’
‘Jesus Christ!’ Dean snapped, ‘I’m not a goddamn kid! I just need some fucking time, alright?’ He went to raise the bottle to his mouth again, but Cas was there in a flash, and had his hand on the bottle, trying to gently pry it away from Dean, which was apparently the wrong fucking move, because before Dean knew it, he was positively losing his shit all over the place.
Bal’s steps are measured and sure, even as guilt and self-loathing threaten to choke him. He imagines that if he could
attention to Dean until he was wound up tighter than... Something really horny. (Needless to say, Dean’s brain wasn’t quite online by the time the sixth lovely lady had climbed out of his lap.) Even so, he had the wherewithal to grab Cas, who was happily racing Meg and Jo through a slew of tequila shots (never a good idea), so that he and Cas could fumble their way into the men’s room, and exchange filthy, frantic blowjobs inside the largest stall, with the promise of more to come once they got home. Unfortunately the tequila caught up with Cas before that could happen, so Dean just helped him into bed, making sure to have water, aspirin, and a bucket for emergencies well within reach of Cas’s side of the bed.
‘I’m here for Bobby Singer,’ Dean said breathlessly, ‘My dad. He came in an ambulance with my sister a little bit ago.’
Dean had obviously taken the lead on her education in this area, as he was undoubtedly the authority out of the two of them, but Cas still drove with her after school some afternoons, and occasionally for a trip into town on the weekend. She was an exceptionally nervous and cautious driver, which Cas supposed was to be expected. (He’d privately said to Dean that he thought it was a miracle that the kid was willing to get behind the wheel at all after what had happened to her parents, to which Dean had nodded seriously, and quietly called Claire remarkable in a tone so vulnerable it made Cas’s heart hurt.) He never quite knew what to say to Claire during these moments of one on one time in such close proximity, so he found himself mostly just staying quiet, and kicking himself for not being more engaging.
‘Bees, huh?’ Dean asked as they walked away room the last booth, Cas cradling his purchase to his chest like it was his baby, a goofy grin on his face.
Jack was immediately taken with Sam, especially as the latter pulled out a giant bag of gummy bears as a gift (bribe) from California. Jess had brought a beautifully bound book of poetry written by women poets for Claire that made her smile shyly and mumble her thanks, before folding herself into an armchair in the corner, and devouring half the book while Dean started cooking Sam’s birthday dinner.
and raced forward to Bobby’s side, wondering frantically if he should help him onto his back. He looked down at Bobby, who seemed like he was unable to speak, a look of fear and pain on his face. Dean screamed again for help, wondering where the
