“Yes, god, yes, please,
In end, he had to promise that they’d go in just this once, if he‘s there, fine, otherwise Cas isn’t coming back here for all the money in the world. Truth be told, it was a promise Dean hadn’t really struggled with making, knowing his childish need for revenge isn’t more important than not twisting the knife into Cas’s guts any further. His fiancé‘s still beating himself up more than strictly necessary for being that oblivious, even though Dean‘s forgiven him right away. Sometimes, though, we are those who find it harder to forgive ourselves.
He falls silent then, and stares at Castiel. Letting him look into his eyes, and trying to convey all the honesty behind those words.
He struggled with his emerging feelings for so long. When they were sealed inside that room, waiting for Zachariah to arrive so that Dean could say yes to Michael, he even got as far as asking Dean outright. “What is so worth saving?” he had demanded. And then he had added something he would never tell Dean outright now. “I see nothing but pain here. I see inside you. I see your guilt, your anger, confusion. In paradise, all is forgiven. You’ll be at peace. Even with Sam.” Dean had been so shocked. Back then, Castiel thought it was because of Castiel’s inability to understand humanity and Dean and Sam’s battle to save the world in spite of what had been written. Now, though, now he thought it was at least partially due to Dean’s realization that Castiel knew every single thing he had done in Hell. Castiel was aware, but didn’t understand back then, not like he did now, that his time as Alastair’s protégé in Hell was still what Dean couldn’t forgive himself for. What he still had nightmares about. What made Dean certain he deserved eternal damnation for, without any possibility of redemption.
Not like Dean, who came out to his parents and siblings one day at dinner when he was sixteen, saying “I think I have a crush on the new quarterback. Do you think it’s weird, since he’s one year younger than me?” and only got a long speech from his mom about how what matters is someone’s heart, not their age or social status, as a reply. His dad didn’t even bother giving his two cents – he kept stuffing his face and only hummed in agreement once or twice – while his siblings were delighted to be able to make fun of him singing “Dean and Mark, sitting in a tree, k-i-s-s-i-n-g.” And that was that.
Dean’s brain melting a little, it always does when Cas start talking like that during sex, and his words are particularly impactful this time. Dean takes care of
“No, they were beyond full, and had even used all the sleeping bags and floor space available.”
He turns to Cas, joy and wonder on his face and in his voice. “I’m in New York, Castiel. I am here, for real. And this place is
. Dean Winchester is clearly being hit by a deaging spell and is sixteen years old and still living in a world where Donald Trump would have never become President. Those were good times.
and tell that to Dean’s face. And, since he was at it, maybe also throw a reason or two into the mix. Not like there
And if Castiel was certain Dean’s still that awful person, he wouldn’t be worried now, as they are making their way back so they can go to the restaurant Castiel has in mind, both silent and clearly lost in thought, although Dean seems to be genuinely enjoying looking at the setting sun. If Castiel was sure Dean’s just a stunning face, he wouldn’t be reconsidering his choice to meet with him today.
As a result, he leads a comfortable life. He doesn’t want for anything, and his family and closest friends don’t want for anything either. But he also makes sure to live as low impact a life as possible, as comfortable as it is, aided by all the latest developments in the green living research field, which help him find a good balance between not having to give up on his comforts completely and not exploiting more resources than strictly necessary.
Castiel could feel the tears gathering in his eyes. He was getting more and more used to his human reactions, and was embracing them even. It was so good to feel that he would be missed. The last time he had left a place he had considered like home, he hadn’t been so sure he would be.
“Good.” Cas’s smile has turned pleased. And the idea that Cas might be pleased because he has pleased Dean is doing things to Dean he actively has to suppress.
“Your bl-? This is one of the blankets they handed out at the shelter, they said they had been donated... You, uhm, want it back?”
Castiel can relate. He, too, is getting desperate to be inside of his beautiful boy. His fingers leave the heat of Dean’s hole so his hand can lube his throbbing erection up. He makes certain to be as quick as possible – even though his hand on his rock hard cock makes him shiver and pause momentarily – because he knows Dean hates feeling empty after he’s been prepped.
He really doesn’t have any good excuse for lying to Dean’s face for days on end, if not his own selfishness. He’ll just have to be strong enough and face the music he himself started playing.
“My –
told something to his best friend when someone else knew. Charlie was as endearing as she was dangerous, after all. He did, however, told everyone to back off until he and Cas would decide whether their relationship was “let me introduce you to my folks” material.
grateful. More than I can ever put into words and more than you will
“Yeah, ok. I think I’d like that.”
Ouch. Castiel cut to the chase Novak for you, ladies and gentlemen. Dean is smitten.
You guys, this is the beginning of the long(er) chapters. I apologize profusely. When I read a fic, I couldn't care less about chapter length. Turns out when *I* am the author, I obsess about having chapters of similar length. It worked with Wrap You Up, but it just didn't with this one. Some chapters are just so much longer than others, but splitting them just didn't work, so, here we are, I'm afraid.
“That’s stalking,” Castiel decides to go with, a small frown on his face.
“Why were you late, Jimmy?”
They’ve been texting non-stop since their breakfast date. Dean has started ticking items off of his ‘must-see’ list at the end of each working day ever since, and has texted Castiel pictures of himself visiting those places, and running commentaries of how he liked them, if the line was fast or slow (apparently he’s been positively impressed with how smoothly things went at the Top of the Rock), and if the fuss was worth the experience.
can’t wait to eat some while snuggling on the couch with
, my boy?”
Or maybe, that was part of the revenge too? The cruelest part? Letting Dean know
Dean’s officially panicking now, that’s not-, certainly that reaction ain’t normal? It’s not like he expected an enthusiastic and immediate “Yes!” – he totally did – but to just walk away like that, without a word? It can’t be that bad, even if Cas isn’t ready now they can work around it, except it really looks like it’s very bad instead and-
He's insecure, Dean realizes. He wants Dean to stay, or he wouldn't be offering, but he doesn't know that Dean wants to. Yet he's taking the plunge and asking for what he wants outright. The more he gets to know Cas, the more Dean thinks this man was made for him.
Someone
there are one or two he’d really like to see with Cas. Plus, he maybe got a couple of points for his eagerness earlier, so he might as well go all in.
true. Everything. All of it.
He feels guilty enough for neglecting his guests that he’s led to overcompensate by being super zealous – a bit more servicing than usual, a bit chattier than usual, a bit more complimenting than usual, making sure the guests’ portions are a bit bigger than usual.
, bastard on a blanket in the backseat of his beloved car.
With the double entendre still in the air and a knowing smile, Castiel looks at Dean for a second more and then he’s off to clean a table that’s been recently vacated.
“Good,” Dean replied with a smile, before making sure to tell his husband how much he loved the choice of that song for their first dance.
The cupboard against the wall behind the couch shows a collection of pictures and knick knacks, some of which seem to have been made by a child. When Dean notices him looking, he proceeds to proudly tell him who the people in the pictures are. His friends, his father, his mother, his uncle, his “little brother” – Dean just laughs when Cas’s face clearly disagrees with the use of the adjective “little” and tells him about his family’s theory that “sequoia pollen somehow ended up in his bottles when he was a baby.” The love and pride Dean feels towards his brother only gets more evident when he explains that a few of the knick knacks next to the pictures are art projects Sam did in different stages at school. When Dean says “He always chose me when he was asked who he was making his artwork for, you know” with so much adoration for his little brother, Castiel has to actively restrain himself from pulling him against his chest and never let go.
“I know myself, I can’t help getting attached,” he adds conversationally, while he’s comparing two socks with a cute squint and trying to decide which one is his and which is Dean’s, “especially when there’s already an attraction as strong as the one I feel for you,” he explains, as if that was a totally normal thing to say and he wasn’t making Dean gape like a fish.
“Then, how about we just...lie down and do what feels good? No pressure, no targets. Just you and me and what feels good.”
“Sir?” Dean enquirers, lifting his head from the table top a bit and trying to look over his shoulders at his Dom, confusion etched in his knitted brows.
“Hey, it’s no trouble. I need to have breakfast too, amirite? Now, coffee or tea?”
Dean pushed his thumb inside and started to take more of Cas’s erection into his mouth. He kept his left hand on the back of Cas’s right thigh - not because he had to, his boy was being as good as always and was keeping himself open like Dean had told me to do. He just wanted to touch as much of him as possible, and make him feel secure, make him feel Dean was there, all around him.
Cas’s face is getting more and more incredulous and concerned but Dean just can’t stop, all the anger at the kid’s
Dean never got to finish that sentence, Castiel’s lips made sure of it. That Dean might think Castiel didn’t not want him because he was young when, in truth, he felt impossibly lucky because Dean wanted him
His mind goes back to the reviews then, many of which point out precisely that. That Hotel Eden is a hotel like few others, where hospitality isn’t a job but a mission, and the more Dean stays here, the more he understands why all those reviews are so stellar. Dean hopes he’ll get to meet the owner with the weird name, as almost every review sings his praise as the most welcoming person on the planet.
. He doesn’t have much time left before Dean will be home from work, and it would suck spectacularly if his boyfriend were to find him like this.
Dean and Cas get used to their new routine.
Dean would have
“What? No! He wasn’t pissed about
Cas’s groan goes straight to Dean’s cock, and Dean doesn’t think he’s ever been this hard in his life, and he‘d have never thought he’d come in his pants ever again, not since becoming an adult, but that’s what’s about to happen because he’s close, so close, and he’s moaning like a slut, and urging Cas on, begging him not to stop, and the friction of Cas’s cock against his own through their jeans shouldn’t be glorious but totally is, and Cas’s hands are keeping him in place just where they want him and they’re so
by Alanis Morrissette start playing.
, and he’s already feeling guilty as sin for that, until he remembers a certain lie about certain forgotten papers in Baby that was used to lure him into one of the most intensely satisfying, both physically and emotionally, nights of his life. He’d been so sated and happy by the end of it that he barely remembered Cas lying to him in the first place. He hopes he’ll be able to elicit a similar reaction in Cas three days from now.
, and to do that with his
“You’re welcome, gorgeous,” she quips, a wink and a beautiful smile accompanying her words.
“Well, yeah. I-, um, graduated in Modern Languages. Russian and French.”
“He might?” Cas asks, just as Dean is lining himself up.
“My bag?”
“Cas, no. Please, look at me?”
The visit to the KGB museum goes much, much, much better than both Cas and Dean expected.
“I wanna rim you.”
, the kind of good you feel when you are safe and taken care of, and he can’t help but consider how weird it is to have that kind of feeling in a place that should, for all intent and purposes, feel foreign and instrumental, rather than safe and welcoming.
“My name’s not the only part of me that’s a mouthful, sweetheart,” Gorgeous had replied, smugness all over his beautiful face and a perfectly arched Dom brow that had Dean’s ass clench around the sudden feeling of wanting to be filled by this man.
“Of course I will!” Dean’s scandalized expression, as if the very thought of never speaking with Castiel again is ludicrous, is
Oh, this is glorious “Yeah?” Castiel prompts, rolling his hips again, with a little more intent this time. “What else?”
“I’m not.”
“So?”
Cas seems relieved for the change in topic. “Yes and no. I was excited, but I was also nervous. Very nervous. Much more than you seem to be. I think that has a lot to do with how much younger and much less experienced than you I was.”
Dean is an alpha, and has been raised by an alpha. He’s often wondered, especially when he was younger, if his upbringing would have been different, had his omega mother survived. She’d died when Dean was four and a half and his little brother Sam, also an alpha, was six months old, leaving them to be raised by their father John. A father who had taught both his boys ‘how to alpha’. Respect everyone, don’t judge someone for their gender, don’t think you’re better because you are an alpha. But never show weakness, ever. Not in your words, not in your actions. Always act and speak as the top you are and are supposed to be. Dean has always thought he’d have a better understanding of what his father wanted to teach them if he could have seen him interact with his mother growing up. Because, even as young as he was, he remembers his father being tender with his mother. Cradling her in his arms as if she was something precious, looking at her as if she was the center of the universe. That might have given Dean a better understanding of what it meant to be a strong alpha. An alpha that would protect his mate and family with all they had but would cherish and worship them in the privacy of their own home. But that man disappeared the day she died, and only the unshakable alpha top remained ever since. “Don’t cry”, “Don’t complain”, “Alpha up”, “Don’t be ridiculous, you
“Heya, Cas,” Dean replies, still smiling.
“Thank you. You know, for telling me about her. Now I feel even luckier that you’ve decided to come here and share this experience with me,” Dean almost whispers, as if afraid that saying those words aloud will make Castiel realize what a big thing this is and run for the hills.
So he had already decided he would take the job, and move to New York. And then he found out about the possibility of attending the conference, and the very high chance of meeting Castiel there.
“So, um, I’d love to have something to eat. And something hot to drink would be amazing right now.”
> Next time we’re gonna 69. I can’t wait to swallow you whole while also feeling that mouth of yours sucking on my cock. Your dick is a thing of beauty and your mouth is heaven, it’s gonna be amazing.
He’s even had moments when he got mad at Cas for putting pressure on Dean to leave the closet for him. Only, that‘s not what happened, Dean is able to recognize that when anger stops flaring bright inside of him. Cas didn’t ask Dean to get out of the closet. He didn’t judge him for still being in there, cozy and unwilling to move. He just smiled, disappointed and resigned, wished Dean his best – because to someone who’s out, not having to hide cannot but be the best case scenario – and got out of Dean’s room, refusing to become Dean’s dirty little secret. Dean doesn’t know Cas. He doesn’t know his story. But Dean imagines that if he’d have the guts to leave his cozy closet, he wouldn’t want to end up sharing someone else’s, no matter how much he might like him.
They sat down and started chatting over their coffees. When Cas finally got close enough to their table, Dean thought he’d finally have a chance to properly introduce Cas and Charlie. That was also when Charlie reminded him that they had promised Gad and Garth they’d go to their party that night.
When he’s sure he’s milked every last drop out of Dean, Castiel slumps on him, trying not to crash him but honestly too boneless to even think about moving right now.
“I’m glad, Cas, I really am.” The little proud smile on Dean’s face makes Castiel smile in response. He... likes it when Dean smiles.
Cas smiled his wide, ecstatic smile that never failed to make Dean’s heart feel seven times bigger. “Absolutely. It’s not my turn to open the cafe tomorrow, so I can make you breakfast. Pancakes, bacon, omelets, you name it.”
that too”.
While still nuzzling Dean’s jaw, Castiel can’t stop himself from asking “How long is ‘a while’?”
Or that voice. Someone up in heaven must love him, for some reason Dean can’t begin to understand, because fifteen whole years haven’t altered the deep timbre of the voice that has provided the soundtrack to so many of his (more or less wet) dreams. A voice that Dean has stolen from countless eavesdropped conversations, because they have never even talked to each other. Well, Dean never let Castiel talk to him. But he himself did plenty of talking that he wished more than anything he could take back. And the verbal jab Castiel just served him with is evidence that he’s not the only one who remembers that little speech clearly.
Honestly, sometimes Dean wishes he could just forget. Wipe away all the memories of his past self. But no, they cling to his brain and aren’t going to let go any time soon. He can still recall the way he would walk into the school like he owned the place. And in a way, he did. Being the star of the football team meant he was worshipped and feared in equal measure. And he did nothing to change that. Quite the opposite, he milked that cow for all its worth. He would swagger through the hallways, always accompanied by some hot cheerleader and some of the guys on the team, and enjoyed how the other students would part like the Red Sea to let them pass. And he enjoyed keeping an eye on the glasses of the classroom doors, or the mirrors in the restrooms. Officially, it was to make sure his hair was still as carefully styled as he wanted it and that there was nothing amiss in his outfit. But in reality it was to fully appreciate all the eyes following him from every direction. Hungry, envious, awed.
“It’s alright-“
“Specific indeed.”
Until he’s, finally, completely sheathed inside of him. He lowers himself on Dean completely then, pecks his lips, and noses along his jaw as he waits for him to adjust.
Castiel felt all his protective instincts kick into overdrive at once. The idea that god knows who might put their filthy paws on this jewel and spoil him, or spoil the scene for him, was unimaginable, and the need to take care of this boy any way he knew how jumped at the forefront of his mind.
Dean’s every sense is stimulated beyond belief. The smell of come and leather mix in the air and go straight to Dean’s brain, Cas’s breath makes chills erupt on Dean’s neck where Cas’s tongue is lapping at the mark his teeth left behind trying to soothe it, Cas’s come is seeping through the fabric of his panties and making them even more wet than his own precome had already done.
That was also why, other than making Cas swallow that first time, he always gave him a lot of facials – because few things satisfied his primal need to mark Cas more than that. Besides, that also settled Dean in a different way, as it was safer than exchanging fluids. He had been tested just before he started fucking Cas so he knew he was clean and that’s why he didn’t have a problem with Cas swallowing that one time, but he didn’t want to make him constantly worry about unprotected oral sex and he couldn’t just tell Cas “I’m clean” and expect him to believe him. At the same time, he didn’t think he could suggest they should get tested together if this was just a casual thing, because that would only make sense if they also agreed to be exclusive from then on.
As he lowers his gaze to finally look at the most beautiful face in the world, the smile that was forming on his lips freezes midway through and his eyes widen when he realizes that his come landed on Cas’s leather jacket.
God, but Dean
Oh well, even though Dean stands no chance with this jewel of a man, that doesn’t mean he cannot be civil, right? Who knows, they might even become friends in the next two weeks. A new friend is still a treasure.
So he took his phone out of the pocket of his hoodie and dialed Dean’s number.
When Castiel feels Dean is ready, he takes his fingers out gently, and places a kiss on his back. “Roll over.”
“No, Sir. We wouldn’t,” he agrees, his green eyes sparkling with excitement and hopefulness. How he can be both sexy as sin and adorable as a puppy at the same time is a mystery Castiel is pretty sure will forever remain unsolved.
,” Cas says, smilingly so brightly that Dean’s heart aches with how unbelievably beautiful he is.
around a bite of his burger. Dean’s delicious blush is a clear sign Cas is not the only one who thinks the sound that just escaped his lips is more appropriate for the bedroom than for the dinner table. But damn, this is one of the best burgers he’s ever eaten.
Dean wonders if Cas knows that he breaks Dean’s heart a little every time he says things like that. What kind of people must Cas have been around so far? This is such a small thing, everyone would do the same, wouldn’t they? Well, according to Cas, no, they wouldn’t. Dean can only cast his eyes down as he replies, “It’s really nothing,” trying not to let the anger he feels at the injustice of Cas’s situation show on his face.
witnessing. He doesn’t know what he finds more striking about it, that it’s a very geeky thing to do or that Dean is clearly painting himself as the farm boy rather than as the handsome prince.
Castiel takes the presence of the bookshelf on his left as an opportunity to ask about Dean’s favorite books, and he launches into a monologue about his likes and dislikes, which somehow ends up revolving around how film adaptations are often very disappointing but not always.
Until understanding dawns on him.
Cas’s gaze, already lustful, ignites with fire and his strong, big, tender hands come to cup both sides of Dean’s face.
“Yeah?”
When he heard the door bell ring, Dean couldn’t help but smile to himself, knowing he was two seconds away from being greeted by that dazzling smile.
down there, bobbing his head up and down along his shaft, using his right hand to stimulate his balls, while his left, where a matching engagement ring is shining, is gripping Dean’s left side tightly, and swirling his tongue around the head of Dean’s dick only to sink down as far as he can go because he doesn’t have a gag reflex.
“Clarence?”
He feels like crying.
Dean realizes his mistake when Cas turns slowly around from where he was adjusting Cat’s jacket collar so it didn’t pull her hair and fixes Dean with his smolder.
together.”
“Then how...?”
“Ok. What does that mean to you?”
Cas is clinging back just as tightly and his kisses are hungrier than they’ve ever been, which is saying something, because Dean’s always felt like Cas wanted to devour him every time they’ve been together.
“Quite the opposite, in fact. My brother says I‘m the crankiest person on earth between waking up and my second cup of coffee in the morning.”
At first, he thought he was butt hurt because no one had ever rejected him like that. Dean knows he’s hot, and everyone’s always eager to get another piece of his ass.
It didn’t take long for Dean to understand that Cas had opted for that song because it not only allowed him to declare his love, but also to offer an apology, one that Dean didn’t feel like he owed him, but that Cas did.
He clears his throat without daring to take his eyes off his soda glass. “It was something you said during your valedictorian speech.”
Other plans? Is Cas going to fuck him? Here?
good start.
Dean wants to move here indefinitely, he muses while stretching on the bed. He didn’t think he’d be able to sleep this well. Man, was he wrong. The mattress
Dean’s smile confirms that was the right thing to do. Some teasing might also help.
Letting Dean go a second time is not an option. He’s keeping Dean close this time. He’s giving Dean everything he might want and need, so Dean won’t ever need to look anywhere else.
So a totally practical reason. And one not involving a very nasty and very recent breakup, which is what Castiel was afraid of. As incredible as Dean seems to be, Castiel isn’t sure he could deal with that kind of baggage. Castiel makes a mental note to send the finest wine they have in the hotel kitchen to Dean’s landlord.
rendition of his mother’s glare. Dean almost expected Balthazar to turn into a 6 foot tall stalagmite.
“Are you quoting
“Good evening fellas.”
loves it.
“I, ah, thought you might appreciate it.”
Dean had relaxed more and more as Castiel explained himself and was looking at him with his signature “you’re an idiot but I love you” look by the time he was done.
“And what’s so surprising in that?”
could see them,
Dean had rolled his head from where it was resting on the couch backrest to look at Castiel with a soft, smiling expression.
Acting on instinct, he brings one of his hands to Dean’s cock and starts stripping him hard and fast, while his own hips go back to moving frantically, helping him chase his climax.
Castiel had also seen Dean fending off the advances of a number of delegates, men and women alike, who seemed to be attracted to him like moths to a flame. That, too, was in stark contrast with the image Castiel had of Dean, someone who would sleep around with just anyone. An image which, according to what Dean had just told him, had never overlapped with reality anyway. Dean’s behavior at the conference seemed to confirm it, even though that, too, could be chalked up to Dean being smarter than mixing work and casual sex. It was undeniable, however, that Dean had been generally polite, but firm, in turning each and every one of them down. His tense shoulders and the practiced ease with which he would let them down, however, had made Castiel suspect that that was a far more frequent occurrence than it was probably acceptable in a working environment. Having a face like Dean’s could be both a blessing and curse, Castiel mused.
“Mmm, my darling boy, what a delicious thought. We haven’t done that in a while, have we? We should rectify that soon,” he points out, conversationally, even as three of his fingers are insistently stimulating Dean’s prostate and his boy is whimpering and moaning up a storm.
“Mm?”
, to show his beautiful boy that kneeling didn’t equal being inferior. That nothing they did together meant one was more important than the other. That Dean taking control and Cas letting him didn’t mean Dean would only think of himself and that Cas’s pleasure was secondary, or a mere side effect. He wanted to show him that he’d always take care of him as he saw fit, because Cas was
If Dean accepts, which he will, they’ll meet again ten days from now. Enough time to see how Dean behaves in the meantime and gauge whether he’s really interested enough to accept for Castiel to set the pace and wait for as long as it takes. And that would also be the second time - well, third time, if he also considers the drinks at the conference - he and Dean spend...time together. Castiel still has troubles calling what they are apparently doing ‘dating’.
“It is, isn’t it?”
“That’s.... that’s actually a great idea, Dean. I hadn’t thought about that. I... don’t know how to thank you.”
How many things that were crystal clear hadn’t Castiel seen because he was blinded by his obedience to God. A god that had turned out to be a giant dick. “Nobody gets left behind” got turned into Castiel
A secret is revealed over breakfast. And we see things from a POV other than Dean's for the first time.
They know they won’t be able to be this open for much longer, with the twins growing up. But they’re still –
And killed by Lucifer. His rebellious ‘brother’, who had forced Dean, among other things, to see Castiel explode in a million pieces first and take an angel blade to the heart then. That time, Dean even had to watch his vessel burn.
“What?” Jimmy will definitely catch flies if he doesn’t find a way to close his mouth sometime this century.
“But you’re not giving me even the tinies hint about our first dance.”
now, he supposes – because he wants to live his daily life with his awesome boyfriend, but he can’t deny that not having to deal with that sleaze ball of his landlord any longer is a huuuuuuuuuge plus.
“Please what?” Castiel asks while he nuzzles behind Dean’s ear, hips still unmoving, cock still buried inside of Dean’s ass as deep as it can go, hands still gripping Dean’s hips, and back enjoying the warmth of the water cascading over them.
Cas tilted his head in that adorable way of his – and by ‘adorable’ Dean meant ‘sexy as fuck in a purely physical way’, of course – no doubt wondering what Dean had in mind as a reward, but, being the good, obedient boy he was, stood up immediately and turned around to start crawling across the bed on all fours.
This was also the moment he let his right hand blindly reach for the lube. Once he got ahold of it, he used both hands to open it and drizzle some on his fingers, never once stopping the work of his mouth.
He’s keeping his head slightly tilted down though, so his face is almost completely covered by the brim of the hat, his chin the only part Castiel can see. If he knows his baby boy like he think he does, and he
. He needs to
After that, the conversation goes back to safer topics, like Dean telling him that he doesn’t have to go to work the following morning, as they have to change the windows in his office and it will take a couple of hours, so his boss told him to just go in the afternoon.
“Because I like you, Cas. A lot. And I think you like me too. I
to know. Cas isn’t into flings, he’s into committed relationships. Exactly what Dean was hoping to find out. It’s getting harder and harder not to get overexcited and hopeful.
That surprises a laugh out of Castiel. “You’re joking.”
Once his paychecks start getting in, Cas starts buying his own clothes, the warmer the better, and buying food for breakfast too. It’s too soon for him to be able to contribute more than that, but he’s dead set on doing his part, and breakfast is affordable – just milk, coffee and cereals over the week, and eggs or pancakes and bacon over the weekend, when they aren’t in a rush to go to work. That was one hell of an awkward conversation too. When Dean listed what they needed for breakfast Monday to Friday and then con Saturday and Sunday, Cas replied “But the first time I ever slept here was a Wednesday, and we had pancakes and bacon the following morning for breakfast”. Dean still hopes, to this day, that the surge of heat he felt because of how embarrassed he was to have been called out like that didn’t translate in a flamingo-pink blush, but he’s pretty sure it did. “Yeah, well, those were special circumstances, you know. Had to make sure you’d eat something nutritious with how rarely you used to eat,” he replied intelligently. The softening of Cas’s eyes in response made him hope the man took it as Dean being charitable, rather than Dean totally trying to woo him with his breakfast making skills. Dean had just realized he had a crush on the man, OK? Sue him for wanting to show off a little.
the single, most loaded word in the English vocabulary had already left his mouth, and held his breath while he waited for the answer. He had even stopped the rocking of his hips without meaning to.
“Thank you, baby. I’d love that.”
“It didn’t make it better, being your fuck buddy. It’s glorious, don’t get me wrong, sex with you is the best thing that’s ever happened to me,” because since he’s being honest, why not straight out confess that Dean didn’t know sex could be both so overwhelming and pacifying until he met Cas. “But it actually makes it worse. I can get you even less off my mind with you back in my bed. What do I do Cas? Please, what do I do?” Dean concludes, his plead evident in both his eyes and his voice.
Dean's been too quick to make fun of his boyfriend.
As he’s almost done with the dishes, however, he decides that he’s going back to the club on Friday. Officially, it’s because he’s concluded that fucking someone else will also fuck Cas out of his system. Unofficially, in that little corner of his mind Dean’s a world champion at ignoring while also constantly being aware of its presence, it’s because he hopes he’ll at least get another glimpse of Cas.
Well????
to have people who wanna be there for you. What you don’t deserve is to lead the hard life you are leading right now.”
Oh, pink is a
Dean actually
All of that was what attracted Dean in the first place, and he stalked toward Gorgeous as soon as he spotted him waiting for his drink at the bar without a second thought.
“-You practice yoga?”
It isn’t helping that this specific conference sucks. It’s the kind of gathering that
So with the truth he goes. “You did, actually.”
“Is it gonna be just the two of you or are you waiting for someone else?”
“Shit, yes, ah, fuck, I can.”
Castiel manages to cook, eat, and get ready for bed and they’re still talking. He hasn’t called Dean, in the end. He was afraid he’d end up caving in and asking him to meet tomorrow rather than waiting for Sunday. He doesn’t want to expose his flank like that. Dean is clearly uninterested in holding any power in their...relationship. Castiel can finally use that word without feeling like he’s choking on his own spit. But he’s also the party that wronged the other. He knows he’s still being watched carefully and he’s gladly taking whatever Castiel is granting without expecting or pushing for more. Castiel, on the other hand, holds all the power for now, and he somehow feels like that’s the only thing that’s keeping him from another heartbreak. He knows that’s just a placebo, that he’ll have to relinquish the exclusive right to make decisions he’s had so far sooner or later. No healthy relationship ever comes out of such a completely unbalanced power dynamic. But he feels like he needs to be, and to appear, the one in control for a little longer. He needs to be more certain than he feels right now before he hands Dean his half of this relationship. When he does, Dean could hurt him again. Castiel doesn’t think he will. But he can’t help being afraid that’s exactly what’s going to happen. He can’t also help but think that taking the leap with Dean would be easier, if he still had that piece of his ability to trust others he left on the floor of his high school locker room that day. The bad taste in his mouth can’t be avoided, when that reminds him it was Dean the one who chopped that one piece away from his soul.
When Castiel starts untying the scarf, a little frown appears on Dean’s forehead, but he doesn’t say anything. The truth is that Castiel doesn’t trust himself. He doesn’t trust that he won’t grab the scarf and use it to pull Dean back to meet his thrusts, effectively chocking him. And if gagging isn’t on the menu for tonight’s scene, breath play can’t be either.
Until the silence is broken by Dean’s chuckling. “I can’t believe I came this quickly with how much I have been jerking off in the shower lately.”
Dean takes a few seconds to comply, clearly fogged by pleasure and, possibly, focused on not coming just yet.
Cas scoffed and crossed his arms. His body language couldn’t have screamed ‘distance’ more acutely if he had been able to conjure the letters up out of thin air and place them above his head.
“Yeah, baby, fucking use that hole just like that.”
This is the first time the topic of Dean being gay has come up. ‘Danger, danger, danger, abort, abort, abort!’
became their song, and it never failed to turn them into two gigantic saps whenever they heard it play, no matter where they were and what they were doing. And when Cat and Will joined the family, it also somehow became the twins’ lullaby.
‘Everything’s quite alright, Dean. I was even more tired than I thought I was and slept until lunchtime. I’ve just finished with showering after eating something. So, how did you like Saint Catherine’s Park?’
“You realize that’s ridiculous, yes?”
he wanted it. How he wanted to be jerked off, eaten out, fingered, blown, fucked. What worked and didn’t work for him, which toys they could use and which ones they couldn’t. Cas even shared his fantasies, including the fact that he’d love to see Dean in panties and would love it if he could fuck Dean. Dean found that he wasn’t opposed to anything Cas asked, or demanded. He realized that it was Cas’s pleasure that took precedence, Dean’s own pleasure almost an afterthought and always, invariably linked to satisfying Cas first.
Cas stops at that. “You serious?”
“Mmm, so polite. And so in control. You’re gonna be a good alpha for me, aren’t you,
“Good. That’s-, um, great. I’m so glad to hear that.” And he really was too. He told himself it was because he had spent a few minutes reading the instructions on different boxes to try and choose the best one, and he seemed to have picked a good one after all. So, you know, congrats on a job well done and all that.
Dean knows where Novak is coming from. Because of their job, their life is frantic. They’re always in a hurry, always pressed for time, and it gets difficult for them to slow down and enjoy the present moment. But if there’s something worth slowing down and making time for, this is it.
“Son of a bitch.”
Jimmy looks him straight in the eye and seems to be considering whether he should lie or not, before dropping his gaze, huffing a self-deprecating laugh and shaking his head again as he replies, “I overslept. Can you believe that? The sleeping bag and extra clothing you gave me last night kept me warm, like
“Dad, we’ve been through that. I told you why he lied.”
“Sure. Go sit down, I’ll bring everything over in a minute.”
The idea of giving serious consideration to the fact that Cas has very rapidly joined Charlie in the ‘Dean’s favorite people’ club is simply ridiculous instead. Even if that
Another conference. The third one this year. The second one this trimester. Castiel is frankly more than a little done. Unlike many of his coworkers, he hates going to conferences. Between the sessions and the networking, he can’t ever find the time to visit the city where the conference takes place either, which would at least partially make up for having to attend the event itself. No, he has to spend days on end with people he scarcely ever likes, and the trip as a whole distracts him from whatever he’s working on at home at the moment, which annoys him immensely. He likes to stay focused and finish something once he’s started it, and having to leave something halfway done to travel out of town for a conference always irritates him.
Dean’s mind was far, far, far down in the gutter. He doesn’t seem to mind.
"There's only one bed though, and I-, um, like being the small spoon?" Cas adds, burying once and for all any last hope Dean had not to fall for him irremediably.
With that he moves to the other side of the bed, puts an arm behind his head and starts stroking himself slowly with the other hand, keeping his legs slightly parted invitingly.
Dean’s surprised face is hilarious and extremely satisfying. Then he chuckles and says “I’m getting a friggin’ mango and coconut flavored chapstick on the off chance that might entice you enough that you might want to kiss me next time, aren’t I?”
“Blueberry lavender honey pie,” he says in response, letting just a hint of his bedroom voice slip into his reply.
Whatever Cas was dealing with was far from nothing.
“Your wish is my command,” a smiling Castiel says before bowing a little and then walking away in the direction of the kitchen, which he only enters after tossing a
“I love you too, Dean. So much. This isn’t just sex for me either. You aren’t just a beautiful body and a stunning face. You’re the man of my dreams, Dean.”
“OK, so, here we have tea, two breakfast sandwiches, a couple of pancakes, and some OJ. Anything else you’d like?
“How are you doing, Castiel?”
He slows down the rhythm of his hand and coos, “C'mon baby, if you're good and do what I asked I'll be sure to reward you appropriately later.”
The whole time he had kept his eyes mostly fixed on the part of Cas’s body he was giving attention to in the moment, but he constantly lifted his gaze up to check on his boy. Cas alternated between tilting his head back and leave it on the back pillow with his eyes closed, and lifting it up to fix his beautiful eyes on Dean with his mouth hung open.
, and he can’t wait.
“Can you tell me your name?”
Castiel was expecting that. It was kind of implicit, really, so he doesn’t understand why Dean seems to be nervous again.
Tonight was no different. As soon as he stepped through the threshold, he closed the door behind himself and started shedding his jacket while also attacking Cas’s mouth. Without ever stopping their kissing contest, Dean started guiding Cas backwards toward the bedroom, while also unbuttoning shirts and pants and opening zippers and throwing clothes somewhere in the general vicinity of
So when Dean sighs his telltale sigh before starting to lift up so he can pull out, Cas puts both hands on his shoulders to stop him. “No, not yet, don’t pull out. I want you inside of me for this.” Ignoring Dean’s confused expression, Cas fishes for what’s hidden in between the cushions next to his head – dependability really
As planned, Dean waited for everyone to leave and walked into the coffee shop as Cas was busy with his closing routine.
Dean huffs a small laugh, “Why, Cas, you jealous?”
Castiel might be the Dom, but he’s experienced enough to know that in any healthy D/s dynamic, the sub is the one who holds the real power, and his perfect sub never fails to play Castiel like a fiddle, and they both know it.
That’s when he changed it again, pushing a second finger inside and immediately starting curling both fingers in search of Cas’s prostate, while at the same time starting to bob his head up and down until he was able to take almost all of Cas into his mouth, so he would be able to feel his cock touch Dean’s throat every so often.
“How?”
Castiel’s gonna daydream about this date for the next 36 hours, isn’t he?
“That’d be for the best, yes,” Cas replies, and bites his bottom lip again.
“But-“
“She was exceptionally bright but always tried to conceal that. She had skills women did not usually have at the time, she was exceptionally good at throwing knives for example. But the one time I caught her practicing outdoors when I was a kid she made me promise not to tell anyone and then told my grandpa we were out on a walk when he asked where we’d been. And, I mean, she could have simply been trying to abide by the expected gender roles of the time. But if you do the math, it was also very strange for a Russian woman to be on US soil during the Cold War.”
“Sure. Some food and one tea coming up.”
“Enough, baby boy, lie down on the table again,” he says while Dean’s bringing his hands back on the table top so he can start sliding forward. “Easy now, perfect baby, there,” he coos, as Dean’s front finally makes contact with the wooden surface.
And then they’re staring at each other like nothing else exists in the world. They do that a lot. Castiel hopes they’ll never stop. So does Dean.
As he’s going back home, the bright mood starts giving way to anxiety. Dean knows the news he’s bringing is
He starts slowing down their kissing, to give Dean time to come back from the high a bit and realize they’re about to move on to the next part. So he’s not surprised when he opens his eyes after breaking their kiss and sees Dean’s eyes are already open and alert, ready and thrilled for what’s in store for him.
– and Cas didn't kick him out. He asked him to stay.
“Thank you, Sir,” Dean replies. His eyes remain fixed on his Dom’s chest, but a little, pleased smile spreads on his face. Castiel loves that smile.
He opened his eyes to find said alpha rooted to the spot and with a shocked expression on his face. He smelled surprised, but not angry, or jealous. Maybe they weren’t mates, after all?
Castiel is methodical, not wanting to take any chance, but he doesn’t drag this out too much either. Although the sight of his fingers disappearing inside Dean’s hole in groups of two, then three, then four, while Dean moans, and pants, and whimpers and rocks back against them, and curses and arches his beautiful back when Castiel strokes his prostate, is mesmerizing, finger fucking Dean is not the end goal here. It will be one day. Castiel has many ideas about how to use Dean’s body to bring them both the maximum pleasure. But today the end goal is to get his cock inside Dean’s ass and push and pull until they both come.
He started getting rid of Heaven’s programming – so much so he would prove able, years later, to break even Naomi’s hold on his mind when she pushed him as close as he ever got to hurt Dean irreparably, at least physically. The same way Dean later proved able to fight even the Mark of Cain in order not to kill Castiel. That’s how profound their bond was. None of them could ever hurt the other beyond reparation, no matter how strong any external source holding them hostage might be.
he’s thought about it. So what? He’s about to lay himself bare to this man completely. And Dean’s not one to do things half-assed.
“Yeah, Dean here offers free music classes to all the kids in the neighborhood. Apparently, “I can’t sing for shit but I’m not a total disaster with a keyboard””, Jack says in what is supposed to be an accurate impression of Dean which, however, misses its mark by a mile because Dean’s way smoother than that, and not even the frankly adorable air quotes he used can make up for that, and wait-, what did the kid just say??
Was that...a flirtation? Is the hot owner flirting with him?!
“C’mon, baby,” Dean says, trying not to laugh and failing spectacularly. “Gonna get something to clean us up.”
Dean had left him.
Cas definitely enjoys Dean’s surprised expression when he looks at the glass of wine in his right hand, resting on the couch, as if he had forgotten it was there, as if he had forgotten he even
“What? No! God.” Dean can only run a hand over his face, curse his genetic inability to communicate, sigh and try again. “I’m coming across like an idiot, aren’t I? OK, look, I embroidered, sewed and knitted that fucking blanket, flapping ears included. It was a million years ago and it was because my best friend practically forced me to. And I always kept it, sentimental value and all. Until I donated it, only to see it wrapped around you a couple of days later. It’s like a sign, man, I couldn’t just ignore you.”
Dean and let him feel his Dom’s adoration and pride through actions as well. Castiel keeps a regular motion at first, his hands back on Dean’s hips, his eyes fixated on his cock pushing inside Dean’s hole. He also pulls out just to push back in a few times, because he loves the feeling of Dean’s muscles around the head of his cock when he breaches him, loves how there’s always a bit of resistance that grips the sensitive head like a vice, only to give way and grant his cock entrance. But then the need to push deep again, like before, like when he was buried all the way inside of his boy, becomes impossible to ignore.
“Color?”
“Cas, com’on, baby, come for me,” Dean tells him as soon as he’s capable of coherent thought again, as he also brings his arms around Cas to hold him close and resume the motion of his own hips to amplify Cas’s pleasure.
. Right there, baby. God you’re fucking huge, fucking me so well. Harder,
“I’m sorry, beautiful, but you’re gonna have to learn to take compliments. Hell, they’re not even compliments, they’re plain
Dean’s shoulders shake while he rests his forehead against the tiled wall. Castiel doesn’t know whether he’s laughing or shivering. “Easy to be so smug when you’re not – shit – the one with,” Dean’s so pretty when he moans, “with a giant cock up your ass.”
So he’s shocked for a moment when he hears the sexiest gravelly voice in the world greet him with “Hello, Dean.”
the reason why Castiel decided to open the hotel, no. It was his endless love of humanity and his natural predisposition to give. In a word, that’s what Castiel is: a giver. He likes helping others, making them happy, making them feel accepted and welcome, just for who they are. It doesn’t take a shrink to see he has developed that attitude as a coping mechanism. He never felt welcome and accepted just for who he was growing up, so he made sure there would be somewhere in the world where that would always happen, where everyone would be welcome and accepted, no questions asked, no bargaining of any kind. No ‘if you this we’ll give you this’ – his parents favorite educative strategy. Just ‘I’ll give you this because you need it’ or ‘I’ll give you this because I know it will make you happy’.
No, it’s what
seeing someone and Dean didn’t know? No. No. Dean filed the thought away as
Checking the time tells him he doesn’t have time to reply though, as it’s 3 minutes to 3.30. He will not call late. In fact, he will call at 3.29, so it’ll be 3.30 by the time Castiel’s secretary puts him through.
Does he want to go to Dean’s though? Is he ready for that? Isn’t it too soon? But then again, if he’s thinking of having a relationship with this man, seeing his place and how he keeps it is something he should consider. Surely, there are chairs in his place. However, he needs to make sure they’re on the same page first.
Castiel can only nod and bite his lower lip to stifle a laugh when he sees Dean’s incredulity playing on his face. He doesn’t miss how Dean’s eyes zero on his mouth, before he lifts his gaze and lets out a clearly happy, “Man, I thought I had zero chances! Luckily I’m a dreamer and bought everything I need to cook a proper burger
The smile on Castiel’s face when he gets Dean’s text and looks at the attached selfie of the man with an exaggerated grin while he’s clearly on the Top of the Rock with the whole of Central Park at his back is, for lack of a better word, fond.
The shock on Cas’s face is blinding, and the silence deafening.
“Have you ever been spanked, baby?” Dean asks, while Novak’s plump, perfect lips are wrapped around his cock where he’s kneeling in front of him, causing the man’s big, blue eyes, watery with unshed tears because of how many times he’s already chocked on Dean’s cock while deepthroating him, to raise up and meet Dean’s gaze. The hand Dean’s keeping at the back of Cas’s head immediately feels as the man starts pulling off his dick, no doubt to answer his question, and tightens, together with the one Dean is keeping on the side of his face, to prevent him from doing just that. Novak will have to reply to his question with a head shake or a nod, while Dean’s cock is still stuffing his mouth. Dean’s praying for a head shake.
Besides making this kind of executive decisions and taking care of the day-to-day errands, such as taking and retrieving the linens from their trusted laundry, Castiel’s main occupation is breakfast. He
Finally, I know the situation is anything but easy and safe in the USA atm, and I hope that all my North American fellow fans are as safe as they can be. I'm with you all in spirit guys (and with what I can do from overseas) and I send you all my love and support.
That doesn’t mean that Cas hadn’t noticed Dean before last time, though. A shiver runs through Dean at the idea of Cas’s eyes tracking his movements on one of those occasions. Of those intense, blue, otherworldly eyes watching Dean approach another man and take him out of there with a very clear intent written all over his face, while Dean was unaware that that was what those beautiful eyes were doing. He doesn’t know whether he hopes that’s what’s happened or not. He sure knows he loves the idea of Cas’s eyes on him. Jealous, possessive, hungry.
The way Cas is looking at Dean now, sitting comfortably across from him with a hand around his whiskey glass, which he’s nursing with small, unhurried sips, makes it crystal clear he’s nothing if not cool as a cucumber. He’s not afraid of Dean, or this meeting. On the contrary, he’s acting like a predator who knows they have lured their prey in and have them exactly where they want them. Cas has accepted to meet Dean only to see whether he would hang himself with the little rope Cas’s gonna give him.
The endless love and adoration that reply is met with is poured into a kiss which is far too sweet for what they’ve been doing so far, but Dean wouldn’t have it any other way.
“It does! It does, Dean. I’m sorry, I was just... speechless for a moment. You do all these little things, and they are so effortlessly thoughtful, and you don’t even seem to see it. And I-” Castiel clears his throat before he starts quoting Shakespeare or something equally embarrassing. So much for not getting carried away. “Thank you. Truly.”
Sunday passes in a blur. He does wake up later than he thought he would. He never sets his alarm on Sundays, but his biological clock never allows him to open his eyes later than 9-9.30. It’s now 11, so maybe there’s some truth in the statement that he’s really tired and needs a break.
“You’d let me sleep in your house? I could rob you, Dean.”
Cas drops his gaze and he knows, he feels, that his cheeks are in flames. It’s not even an act. He feels exposed and vulnerable and he loves that Dean is taking care of that rather taking advantage of it. He can trust Dean always. Always.
“Yeah, that’s right,” Dean praises, elated that he can make Cas get so hard and desperate, “stroke that pretty cock for me, fiancé, c’mon.”
Dean starts. He’s not going to be too hard on Novak – he meant it when he agreed that this wouldn’t be too intense – and the first few times his hand makes contact with the man’s flesh are to warm it up more than anything. He keeps going until he’s covered both his cheeks and thighs, where his ass meets his legs and where he’s gonna spend hours sitting on at work tomorrow, with a series of blows that didn’t follow any pattern, so it’d be more difficult for Novak to predict when and where the next would land, or how intense it would be. He’s made sure to spank him in rapid succession sometimes, so he wouldn’t have time to get tense. He’s spanked him when he was tense too. He’s sometimes waited long enough for the next one that the man’s muscles had started to relax again, and that’s when Dean hit him. He’s spanked him on the same spot more than once only to then change pattern again and focus on different areas. He’s made sure to give Novak the full experience, to let him feel all the different sensations caused by being spanked when tense and when relaxed, where it already stung and where he hadn’t been touched yet.
“I have to go now, Dean, I have work to do,” the kid informs him with a proud smile. Castiel isn’t just giving these kids shelter, he’s helping them find purpose again. That’s just as  important as a bed and food. “I have to go to the storage room and count of all the products to put in bedrooms they still have, so Mister N knows how much he needs to order next month.”
“Cas, man, you suck at being a hobo.”
“You need it faster? Harder?”
As it turns out, Dad’s the one who ends up crying in front of Dean for the first time ever, a single tear slipping out from his very misty eyes.
It all came to a halt one Thursday late afternoon.
But he’s not trying to speak either, so Dean seizes the chance to add as much information as he can. Even if Cas won’t ever look at him again, Dean needs him to know this. If offering Cas his overdue apology and appeasing his conscience a bit is all Dean can get out of this not-so-chance encounter, it’ll still be so much more than he could have ever hoped for. And, honestly, so much more than he deserves, since he cannot even begin to comprehend how his behavior in high school might have impacted on Cas’s still developing personality. So he pushes on. Better late than never, they say, right?
So Cas knows that wearing blue is a sure way to bring Dean super close to getting down on all fours and present his ass wherever and whenever.
What could Dean do, but obey?
“Now, I want you to be a very good boy and let me hear you without holding back. I want to hear every single noise you make. I wanna hear every noise
about himself, seeing as he's already opened up with Cas more than he's ever done with anyone outside his family and his inner circle of friends. He wants to know everything Cas wants to tell Dean about himself. He wants to go to Cas at the end of a working day. He wants them to fall asleep together and wake up together. He wants to be the lucky person who'll make Cas the two cups of coffee that turn the ogre into a sparkling, generous soul in the morning, Dean thinks as a smile tugs at his lips. Dean wants Cas to be the person he’s been feeling was missing from his life lately. He just doesn’t know if Cas feels the same.
That’s how he finds out that Cas is an only child, when Dean tells him about the banter between him and Sammy and Cas replies that it must be nice having siblings, that he wouldn’t know because he has none. Or that he’d rather eat meat than fish but doesn’t hate greens as much as Dean does, when he tells him that Sammy had tricked him into eating a soy burger because “it looked
“Mmmm, yes, let me hear you. Own it, Sweet Alpha,
not to swoon, okay? It isn’t
That seemed to break the omega’s trance and he took a small step back, but didn’t release his grip on Dean’s waist. He simply commented “Oh.”
At least, he doesn’t think he is.
That was evidently the little push Cas needed, because Dean could immediately feel his inner muscles clenching around his dick and heard the older man’s cry of ecstasy, muffled by the pillows his face was still smashed against. Dean just needed to thrust a handful of times and he was coming too, with his teeth sank in Cas’s shoulder while his boy was boneless below him, still going through the aftershocks of his own orgasm and fighting to get his breathing back under control.
“Night, my beautiful boy.”
“Well, you do have a couple of months to convince me. Might as well start now.”
And OK, Castiel was having fun with this whole thing and was sometimes reminded of how it felt to be young and stupid like they had been in high school, but he didn’t want to be responsible for Dean getting on his new boss’ bad side. Add to that that Castiel was his own boss and could get to the office a little late and no one would dare say a word, even though they would wonder, as Castiel hadn’t showed up later than 8 am in forever. He would have to inform his secretary and PA lest they send out a search party, but other than that he could just do as he pleased for this once. Last but not least, his home was on Central Park West, so Sarabeth’s on Central Park South was actually on his way to work. All of this prompted him to tell Dean that it was actually better to go to the restaurant on Central Park, so they could go to Dean’s office once they were finished and then Castiel would walk to his own office. The whole thing would take 25 minutes rather than 40. Dean’s reply ‘But I wanted to be a gentleman and walk you to your office :(‘ was, again, endearing enough that Castiel was about to reply ‘You’ll have other chances’. He caught himself just in time. Castiel still hadn’t decided if there would be other chances.
They kept scening together for a while and exploring various kinks, and, as much as it killed him, Castiel even encouraged Dean to scene with other Doms – trustworthy ones he recommended himself, knowing they would take care of the precious sub. Castiel wanted to make sure that Dean’s needs be met and that he could have a chance to branch out, and was aware that that might not happen, if he stopped to the first Dom he’d ever scened with.
“Pedophiles, rapists, serial killers. Are you any of those things?”
With a clear plan in mind, he started ticking items off his to-do list until he found himself behind the wheel of his rental car. How was Dean going to tease him for it. Castiel found himself smiling at the thought. He so hoped Dean would tease him for the pretty awful, but totally affordable, car he had rented to go back to him. He’d have to be happy to see him to do that, right?
“Your cock loves it, eh, to be buried inside of me. To
The dark side of the coin is that, to be able to do and have all that, he does have to put on a good face and act the CFO part, both at headquarters and when traveling as a representative for his company.
Truth be told, Dean’s been thinking about it for some time now, ever since Meg quit unexpectedly and left them to fend for themselves. He’s thought about suggesting it to Cas a couple of times before, but he was afraid of overstepping way more than their still young friendship could survive to.
“Cas? Cas, I need to say something.”
“Gonna give it to you however you want it,” Dean promises, knowing he’ll make good on his promise over and over again.
Dean gasps. He knows what Cas is doing. He’s always liked it a bit rough, but it’s no coincidence he’s opted for that choice of words. He knows Dean needs reassurance, and he seems to need it just as badly, and he needs for the both of them to be reminded that no one owns Cas but Dean, and no one owns Dean but Cas. They chose each other years ago and they keep choosing each other, every day.
He’s so relaxed, so trusting, so beautiful. There’s no trace of tension on his body, his face is blissfully devoid of any sign of distress too. He’s still keeping his eyes closed, Castiel notices as he gets closer, and his breathing is steady.
Dean is positively glowing though. Castiel tells himself that not bursting his bubble is the selfless thing to do. The truth, however, is that Castiel wants to selfishly enjoy the view of Dean’s stunning face brightened by happiness. And he himself hasn’t been on a date in so long that he’s somehow not opposed to the idea of this being a date, even though he should be opposed to a date with Dean Winchester like he’s opposed to the unbridled exploitation of the Earth’s resources. Castiel just compromises that he’ll let Dean think this is a date-date while he’ll think of it as test-date. There. Perfect solution.
Still smiling, he tells his boyfriend “Why don’t you sit now, you deserve to relax a bit” before stealing a quick peck. For reassurance. And for the sake of it. Because he can, and because Dean’s lips are the softest, and he wants to kiss them always. Always.
Castiel takes a deep breath. Carpe diem.
“No cheating.”
The very first text was sent to Castiel while he was hands deep in his trousers to give himself some relief from the UST of the evening. After he’d made himself come and was still sprawled on the sofa, his trousers open, his briefs tucked behind his balls, his release seeping into his shirt and his tie askew, he noticed his phone blinking with a notification. He grabbed it with his clean, even though still shaky, hand, only to read ‘Thank you for today, Castiel. I had a wonderful time, I mean it. Can’t wait for next week :)’ Castiel isn’t particularly fond of emojis, but the message still made a smile spread on his lips. Post-coital hormones were certainly to be blamed for that.
“Oh, uhm, yeah. I-. Was quicker than usual this morning.”
“For real,” Castiel replies with a smile that he hopes will help him convey how pleased he truly is.
“I’d like that.”
He doesn’t. Not even a little bit. He’d still prefer if Cas accepted his offer and moved in, but he respects that the man needs to do this his way. It’s his life, after all. Dean is a supporting character of his story, not a leading one.
‘Just because I can’t go to Central Park yet, doesn’t mean I couldn’t sneak a peak’
learnt to recognize when he’s been bullshitted.
and in front of what Dean still didn’t know wasn’t
buy Dean for Christmas. Considering how ugly all those pieces of clothing were, it didn’t take too much convincing for Jimmy to believe Dean wanted to get rid of them.
horny. And I-“
The truth is that he hasn’t forgiven himself. Cas seems to have forgiven him. When he said “it hurt immensely but we were kids, now we’re grown up men”, that’s what he meant, right? Not that it was forgotten. That’s not the kind of thing you can, or should, forget. But you could forgive, even though you couldn’t forget, right? Dean
Which is all he wants right now.
“Oh, I love music!” Cas lights up.
How many mistakes had Castiel made when he was the perfect soldier, and Dean had to forgive him for, and teach him not to do again?
Also, remember when I said at the beginning this was gonna be a 40K word fic? I kinda miscalculated and it's actually 50K... Sorry again? 😅😅
“Yes!” He all but screams while laughing, before bringing his arms around Cas’s back to hold him close, trying to pour all his love and happiness in his hold and in the kisses he can’t help smiling into.
When Dean replied he was going to stay for two weeks, Castiel felt his soul light up like a billboard in Times Square. He still had no idea why Dean needed to stay at Hotel Eden that long, especially as it had been clear from their interaction with Jack that the man actually worked in the neighborhood, but Castiel wasn’t one to look a gift horse in the mouth. Fifteen days meant fifteen breakfasts, fifteen opportunities to see him and talk with him, and Castiel had every intention of making the most of them all. Especially as Dean had more than implied he was into men too, and contrary to what Gabe thinks and never hesitates to tell his younger brother, Castiel isn’t completely naive. It had been clear from the very first moment that Dean was attracted to him, which is why Castiel was so carefree in talking about his sexual orientation. He knew the news would be well received, and the poorly concealed elation rolling off of Dean in waves had been all the confirmation Castiel needed.
“You fucking me in the shower, from behind,” Dean replies, panting a bit, “My, ah, face against the wall,” he adds, and then moans, forgetting to add “Sir” at the end. Yep, his boy’s already getting lost, and Castiel won’t fault him for it. Not when that’s all he wants right now.
, because he made Cas hard, drove him crazy like he said, until he had no choice but to release anything he had inside and let it out. So he does what would push
When he finally can go attend to Dean without feeling guilty about abandoning his other guests to do so, Castiel is welcome by his radiant smile. His knees go a little weak all of a sudden.
“No, I mean, you don’t have to eat or drink anything, of course. I just though, you know, some calories and something warm could help?”
Cas’s head drops slightly then and his shoulders rise as he takes a breath. “How can I even look at someone else,” he asks, his voice back to its normal tone and his eyes searching Dean’s, “when the most beautiful soul, mind, face and body in the world already belong to me, and I to him?”
That’s how Dean found himself following his husband of two hours to the dance floor for their first dance as a married couple, anticipation turning his stomach into a slipknot, and gratefulness filling his heart for the secure hold his husband was keeping on his hand while he was leading them to the center of the dance floor.
Jesus. Dean’s pretty sure Cas and his thick, powerful thighs might actually pose an unprecedented challenge for his poor dick. And he
“Color?” He checks.
The day is dragging on, emotions are running high, Walker calls more than one brief recess, Dean tries to keep his cool, eyes on the prize, even though his actual eyes can’t help look in the direction of Novak more times than they should. But the barely concealed fury and the disgust at the people Dean’s working to nail at the stand written all over Novak’s face are
“But you said-“
,” Cas challenges.
Novak takes a moment to even register Dean’s spoken, he’s so stupid with lust he’s confused and unresponsive, so that when he finally processes Dean’s words his ‘you want me to do anything but this right now and how can you even talk and think ahead’ expression is both adorable and extremely arousing. Dean feels so smug he can’t help but behave like a little dominant shit.
“Jesus, you’re big.”
So Cas wearing blue for their Sunday dinner with Dean’s family is a fucking low blow. How is Dean supposed to take part in the conversation, compliment his mom’s awesome cooking and banter with his little brother, with six foot of boyfriend sitting next to him wearing a navy blue button down and dark blue jeans?
Dean watches the beautiful spectacle of a whole rainbow of emotions play on his boyfriend’s face as he notices and grabs the small lavender bouquet resting on his plate, which he certainly took as a traditional gesture at first, the gifting of flowers on an anniversary evening, until he sees, or possibly touches, the white gold band that Dean’s used to hold the stems together.
He then turned fully, to fix an icy cold stare and a smug smile on the poor boy whose only fault had been to awaken Dean’s most secret desires. “Stop aiming that high. Just pick someone who actually plays in the same league as you, ok Castel?”
And he decided to open it in this neighborhood because it was an area of town they were trying to reclaim, where violence and crime had been spiking and involving teens more and more consistently. Realizing that investing in the area was the best solution to both deal with the increasing crime rate and the involvement of young people in illegal practices, the town hall started infusing money and resources in a redevelopment plan and inviting the opening of new businesses. It seemed like fate was calling Castiel’s name. He wanted to open his hotel to create a safe space for himself, his family and for others, so contributing to help a whole neighborhood in the process was the proverbial cherry on the cake.
“Color?”
All bets are off. There’s no chance Castiel could ever deny Dean now. Dean really had feelings for him in high school. And the way Castiel had all but cut ties with him after the locker room had hurt Dean as much as Castiel, although for different reasons. Castiel had been crashed by doubt, disappointment and disillusionment. Dean by guilt and self hatred. A self hatred he probably couldn’t even understand fully back then. Because it stemmed from his lack of courage to come out when he still didn’t understand that was even the reason, as he only acknowledged his bisexuality years later.
So apparently this man is beautiful, has a sexy voice, is charitable, and owns a place that makes it its mission to make people feel at home without robbing them of their money. He can’t be into dating dudes too, can he? That would be asking the Universe too much.
Without further ado, let's find out who this new guest might be... lol
Ah, shoot. Dean has just ruined one of his favorite films for himself. From now on
Castiel stands up too and kisses him softly, Dean perfectly still and only his lips reciprocating what his Dom is giving them. Still not touching because he hasn’t received explicit permission to do so. Perfect.
“Missed you too.”
A bit more than two years later, three months ago now, they got married. Once again, Dean had taken matters into his own hands and proposed, shocking Castiel into silence. “Are you sure, Dean?” He’d replied, not unlike he had done when Dean asked him out the first time, shocking the younger boy just as much. “Of course I’m fucking sure, Cas, I’m proposing! What kind of question is that?” Dean had answered, his eyes hardened, his body closed off and distant all of a sudden, his whole being bracing for rejection. “It’s a question I need to ask. Because there is nothing more that I want,” Castiel had started to word vomit in spite of himself. “I
Thank all the gods of every religion past, present and future.
When his now 34 year old boyfriend told him four years ago, Dean basically laughed at him and told him to shut up, and then, because he's a good, supportive and understanding boyfriend like that, proceeded to call him “old man” until Cas threatened to withhold sex indefinitely if he didn't stop. Naturally, Dean stopped right away. He mourned the fact that no one, not even the love of his life, was able to fully appreciate his absolutely hilarious sense of humor. But that wasn't such a primary concern of his that he was ready to die on that hill. Especially if that meant he wouldn't get to fuck Cas or be fucked by him for who knows how long. His boyfriend's dick and ass were just too delicious to risk that.
But this is Dean, and he still owes Castiel big time. Which is why, rather than praise, what he gets is Castiel stilling his hips while the entirety of his erection is snuggled inside of Dean. The moan that punches out of him is the most rewarding of sounds.
“If someone has a right to kiss it better,
“Deal. But let’s get with the program and get one of those first times out of the way, shall we?” Cas demands, urging Dean to start moving with a sexy roll of his hips and a little swat to Dean’s backside.
When Dean turns around and Castiel gets an unobstructed view of his ass, he has a moment to consider that this might, in fact, be a mistake. Having a chance to look his fill of that ass and not being able to touch is gonna be torture.
“Dean!” as his arms gave out and his whole upper body fell on the bed, while his delectable ass remained up in the air for Dean to do with as he pleased. Dean almost expected Cas to come then, but he didn’t, he just kept up his delirious singing and rocking back motion while his hands were working to find purchase on the sheets and his head didn’t seem to be able to stay still.
inspired to jump his bones right now. Admittedly, that might also have something to do with the tight black jeans that perfectly hug his ass and those magnificent thighs Dean hopes more than anything he’ll feel wrapped around himself before the night is over, or the tight fitting blue T-shirt Cas is wearing that showcases just how powerful his chest and biceps must be. He’s
,” he replies, sounding desperate to his own ears and not caring one bit, as long as he gets to have Cas inside him again.
He replies with his biggest, brightest smile, wanting for Cas to realize how absolutely thrilled the offer makes him. "I'd love to, Cas."
Little by little, it slowly but surely became clear that, in the bedroom, Cas got off on taking control, and Dean on giving it up completely. Not only did Cas become Dean’s mate. He became his Dom too.
when Cas said that. Which is why Dean had, reluctantly, accepted that he had to let him go.
‘Here we go,’ Dean barely has a chance to think before Cas opens his fly to take him out.
Dean’s so relieved his head is spinning and he feels like he can’t breathe.
“You can’t keep smiling all adoringly when he does something like that, or our son will
“I know I haven’t got a chance to get lucky tonight, or any time soon, for that matter. But I, um. I like how today’s going. I don’t want it to end. And I frankly would like for us to be somewhere where we can keep talking and don’t need to wait for a table, or food, or be interrupted. I like talking with you. And I like to listen to you when you tell me things.”
Dean smiles in response, and then they’re staring at each other again. They really do that a lot. Cas is clearly fighting to keep his eyes open though, so Dean bids him goodnight and switches off the lamp before lying down again.
Dean’s face freezes in surprise, eyes and mouth wide open, for a second, before he springs into action, grabbing Castiel by the wrist and dragging him along, almost tripping on his own feet a couple of times in his haste. He’s probably afraid Castiel will change his mind if Dean allows him to have enough time to think about what they’re doing rationally. Castiel feels a tug in his heart when he realizes that. When he realizes that Dean must want to have this hard enough that he’s ready to give himself completely even knowing that Castiel might change his mind either now, or tomorrow.
“I’d love to be the judge of that,” Dean had taunted, because Gorgeous – Castiel – was making his sluttiness levels reach new heights and all he wanted was to feel this man’s
Dean’s cock up his ass and he’s
“I can’t say the feeling is mutual. I had no idea we worked in the same field. And I wasn’t exactly holding my breath waiting to meet you again.”
put a ring on it. He’s a hopeless case.
His smile comes back, so wide his face actually hurts a bit, when he goes to the living room and takes in the scene in front of him.
They’ve texted every day since their walk and dinner together.
He wished he could regain the ability to just fly to the other end of the world to watch the sun rise on the green of the Amazon or the golden of the desert. And the ability to be exactly where the people who needed him were in the blink of an eye.
Castiel knew Dean, and himself, and their relationship, enough to know that there wasn’t just one reason. There was a whole array of them, all tangled together, so entangled that it would probably be impossible to make heads or tails of them. Not unless they were both ready to really try, and be very, very patient. Their own traumas, what they had done to each other, or
He then looks at Samandriel, as if he’s just realized his presence, and asks “Hey there, kid. Mind bringing my fiancé his fancy afternoon tea – you know which one, god knows you’ve spent enough time memorizing anything you could about him – and a black coffee for me?” Smiling smugly, he adds “Ten bucks tip if you make it quick,” and stage whispers “Cas promised I’d get laid as soon as we got home, so.”
As they enter the building, they find his dad already waiting for them. ‘Great. He’s gonna go all Alpha male of the pack on Cas and scar him for life,’ Dean can’t help but muse. Again, he doesn’t think he could have hoped for anything different. Dad will do what Dad does. It’s up to Cas to face that and stand his ground.
the one who’s pissed now.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You sure?” Cas checks, because of course taking care of Dean is his top priority – pun intended.
“And what would those categories be?”
, Dean kissed him. After being away from those lips for days, he pressed his own against them in a firm, closed-mouthed kiss he poured all the relief he was feeling after so much frustration into.
Dean’s only able to follow along for the ride, kissing back when he’s given a chance, touching Cas’s beautiful body, fingering his hole with two of his fingers and he doesn’t even know when the second joined the first but who cares, chanting “Cas, Cas, Cas” like he’s praying at his altar, which is not far from what he’s doing right now.
“Clear the dining table of everything, boy.”
“You can prep me more. Or, or just go ahead like that anyway.”
What an adorable, flustered dork.
Just a note about this chapter. In this one we see things from both POVs at the same time. I plan to write a fic with constantly switching POV, and I used this chapter to practice that and see if I could pull it off. It seemed the perfect opportunity, as this chapter is kinda pivotal and I felt seeing events from both of our boys' POV would help shed light on a number of important things. Let me know if you find it a mess or you can follow no problem?
Any lingering fear Dean had about proposing is
were. They also realized they were lucky enough to be able to provide any kids of theirs not only with an endless amount of love, but also financial stability and a tight-knitted support system.
His eagerness and desperation surprise Castiel. Who should have stopped being surprised to be surprised by this man by now. “Really?” he can’t help but ask.
Dean’s been thinking about what Cas told him last night non-stop. No wonder Cas never really opened up with somebody enough to form strong relationships. When you know the very people who made you and raised you wouldn’t be able to accept you for who you truly are, you realize early on you better hide the part of yourself that wouldn’t be welcome. And people around you pick up on that. When you hide, you’re always controlled, never let yourself go, not truly. And others can feel you’re keeping them at arm’s length. And they do the same.
, Sam. People get close to me they get killed... or worse. You know, I tell myself that I help more people than I hurt, and I tell myself that I am doing it all for the right reasons and I believe that. But I can’t, I won’t, drag anybody to the mud with me, not anymore.”
He lets both his hands travel downward on Dean’s back until they reach the thong and his fingers can grip its hem and start sliding it down. Castiel needs to actively prevent himself from being too eager and check if Dean’s indeed wearing a plug right away. He can’t be the Dom who edged his boy for almost two hours once to teach him patience, reducing his then fiancé to a whimpering mess by the end of it, but then act like an impatient schoolboy himself.
Dean hadn’t just tried to do the right thing. Maybe that’s what he had told himself to be able to accept it. But, in truth, Dean had desperately, viciously, relentlessly tried to bring one of the people he cared about the most back to Earth with him. He didn’t want to save Castiel
“I suppose I have no other choice but to stay then.”
, not for what he’s
your eyes on me all the time.”
And Castiel himself still had the deal with the Empty hanging on his head.
Eyes fixed on Novak, who’s looking back at Dean through the mirror in front of him, Dean opens the door to one of the stalls – thank goodness for how spacious and clean these bathroom stalls are, he thinks distractedly – and he jerks his head. He doesn’t say a word. The sexual tension between them is strong enough and their eye-fucking has been going on for long enough that Dean knows Novak knows what Dean’s asking.
So the conversation ends up being not so light, after all, but it doesn’t turn sad either. Jimmy seems interested and asks more than a couple of questions. Never anything invasive though. He’s clearly a very thoughtful and respectful person. Dean notices he doesn’t contribute any information about himself, but he seems genuinely interested in knowing about Dean.
“OK. Bring him here tomorrow morning. He messes up, it’s your ass on the line, boy. We clear?”
“Queeny just jumped on the bed and curled up on my feet.”
, while his hands keep Dean’s hip and neck still.
Since apparently Dean hadn’t already been working his ass off enough, Professor Crowley dearest had suggested his students should attend a two-week workshop that would “look splendid on your resumes and help with the understanding of some particularly cumbersome aspects of our syllabus”. Meaning: it wasn’t compulsory but it was basically compulsory.
“I am fucking you, sweetheart,” Castiel replies, smug and unapologetic, knowing full well that that‘s not what Dean means.
“Of course not! I mean, you didn’t have to. But I can’t say I’m not happy you did.”
Dean clears his throat, clearly sensing they’ve somehow ventured into very private territory which would maybe be better explored during one of their evening’s conversations in the garden, surrounded by the quiet and the fading light, rather than in the middle of breakfast with the whole of the hotel waking up around them.
Or maybe, he just needed to learn to fly differently? Maybe, with Dean, if they could give each other one last try, Castiel
news, for all intent and purposes. But what if Cas doesn’t see it that way, for some reason? What if he sees it as Dean trying to control him? Or change him? Or-.
Cas was wary but quick to obey. This wasn’t what he expected and it was clearly throwing him off balance. Just like Dean wanted.
Dean didn’t particularly like to think about his boy with other men, but when Cas said stuff like this he couldn’t help but think that Cas’s exes were, among other not so nice things,
The feeling of Cas’s tongue on Dean’s rim cuts him off. Dean will never tire of this. He’s always thought – he has been taught to think – that this is for omegas, and omegas only. He never thought he’d been rimmed, he never thought he’d love it. He does, he
“What do I think about this little naming game of yours, love?”
now, he thinks, as he watches Cas go back to the kitchen and a wicked grin spreads on his face when he realizes he’s already looking forward to his breakfast tomorrow.
Please enjoy chapter 3. Let me know what you think about the ending 😬😬
Dean and Cas have also turned Dean’s backyard into a garden. Dean had immediately said yes when Cas asked because, well, he’s still to learn how to say no to his boyfriend. But also because the idea of doing something with Cas that is only theirs was simply too tempting to resist. However, he hadn’t considered that, once grown, the vegetables need to be
That’s better, Dean’s voice steadier, his muscles relaxing.
"Bed is definitely the best option," Dean confirms, a bit of a flirting tone seeping into his voice.
Why isn’t Castiel correcting Dean? He totally should. This is not a date. It’s a first step towards
“You’re not, I only used two fingers, and you’re way too tight for it to be enough.”
He’s woken up on the same couch, with the same clothes he went to bed with still on, and under the same warm blankets.
want. And also, that’s precisely what Dean
“Um, yes, hi. I mean, hello. I’m Dean. Winchester. May I, um, speak with Cas-tiel? I mean, with Mr. Novak?”
r. He’s very nice, even lets us use the computer in the common room if no one else needs it. Mr N says that I should consider taking my GED, seeing as I can study both here and at the public library.”
Castiel drinks, and looks at him.
He’s literally showing Dean off.
Sammy seems to disagree with that though. He’s clearly noticed that Castiel’s joined the club, and he even told Dean as much, the accusatory edge pretty clear in his voice, just like it was clear he was taking the piling signs of Cas’s presence in Dean’s apartment as ultimate evidence that he
Dean takes a deep breath and looks at Cas, determined. “Before we go on, I need to make sure we’re on the same page. I mean, I think I know the answer. I
drunk though. Castiel had seen, and heard, and healed, a drunk Winchester enough times that he could tell the difference. No, he wasn’t drunk. He was sad. More than that, he sounded desperate.
“She had this theory that people can be grouped into those who tuck the chair in after eating, and those who don’t and leave it there for someone else to pick up their slack.”
“I haven’t been avoiding you, I just heard your message loud and clear and have been acting accordingly.”
Castiel plants a firm close-mouthed kiss on Dean’s lips as he slowly, carefully removes his fingers and pushes himself on his knees.
“Thank you Dean. You’re... exceptional.”
“I don’t know why-, I don’t know why I get so angry. I just know-, I know it’s, it’s just always been there. And when things go bad, it just-, it comes out. And I-, I can’t stop it. No matter how bad I want to. I just can’t stop it. And I-, and I forgive you.
Pinching himself to make sure he’s awake and not still trapped in dreamland is more than a bit cliché, but that’s exactly what he’s about to do when Dean’s voice carries from the kitchen.
When he opens his eyes, the ceiling is the first thing he sees, and the sound of his breathing as his lungs are working to regulate it the first thing he hears. His hands are still on Cas’s shoulders, and Cas’s hand is still circling his cock. The smell of sex and leather has intensified.
“We were. She passed away when I was in college, peacefully. I miss the comfort she would always provide, her wisdom, and her ability to accept people without ever judging. When I realized I was gay, she was the first person I told.”
a bottom.
It should be humiliating – Cas has literally pegged him down to a tee – yet it isn’t. It actually makes him feel seen, like Cas understands that Dean just cannot stay away, and even if they both know that would be wisest thing to do, it makes him feel that maybe Cas can’t stay away either.
how to do that,” he says as a way of explaining. When he finally sobers, a wide smile is still on his beautiful face, a sparkle in his eyes, and he looks relaxed and happy. Castiel feels something inside his heart soften at the same time as desire pools in his guts, and the last shreds of his indecision are thrown to the wind.
they would ever even consider going there. And it was a big if.
“Awesome, Sir. I almost forgot it was there a couple times but then I’d move, and-,” he cuts himself off and tries to stifle a moan, and Castiel realizes he’s hit his prostate while playing with the plug.
Dean is uncertain at first, clearly trying to understand if Castiel means what he’s said, but then he starts, tentatively at first and then with vigor, to roll his hips in a sinuous motion. Those trim hips Castiel is gonna spend hours kissing and licking and sucking and biting and touching very soon. The rolling of Dean’s hips lets Castiel’s cock drag in and out of his ass in a way that seems to be making Dean delirious, if his increasingly loud noises and his inability to keep his eyes open are to be trusted. It takes Castiel a few moments to realize that Dean has angled his hips so that his prostate is hit every time Dean moves. Castiel didn’t think he’d ever like something like this, but he does. He really, really does. He’s keeping perfectly still, and letting Dean use him for his own pleasure, giving Dean a hard, warm dick to impale himself against. It doesn’t mean that he’s not enjoying the stimulation on his erection immensely, and he’s not watching how Dean’s hips make his cock disappear inside his ass avidly. The moment he moves just a fraction to adjust his hold on Dean’s wrist, however, his muscles relax some and he realizes that keeping himself that tense was keeping his orgasm at bay, but he’s much, much closer than he thought.
. He’s done with breakfast anyway, and what he knows will be the hardest part of his day is next: the shower. He’s got a bit of a fixation for masturbation in the shower in the morning, and apparently Cas is a fan of morning sex in the shower too. The more they talk, the more it becomes clear how very compatible they are, and that’s simply awesome. Dean knows his future holds a lot of mornings spent on his knees now, and he can’t wait for that future to become present. Aaaand, stopping that thought right there too, dammit.
So he had decided to have some fun. If Dean seriously thought that Castiel would let himself be manipulated so easily, he’d be in for a surprise. And Castiel would enjoy this chance to get the little snake back immensely. That’s why he had given him his business card.
His reward is immediate. Dean's gaze ignites with fire and he wets his lips slowly, deliberately.
“I know, but-l”
“Precisely,” Dean’s laugh against his chest is
“’Cause a pal of mine owns a restaurant in San Mateo, New Mexico. I could put in a word for you.”
Professor Crowley hated him.
“Dean.”
Cas huffed and puffed like a bratty five year old and Dean would have found it absolutely adorable if he wasn’t so hu-. Pissed. If he wasn’t so
The rift between them had been created in Purgatory, Castiel knew that, as hard as it was for him to admit it. It had started with his decision to stay away from Dean for the entire year they spent there.
When Dean breaks the kiss to lock their eyes together while bringing his hands to the top button of Castiel’s shirt, Castiel can only nod in confirmation.
the people working in the establishments around the parking lot Dean’s Chevy Impala is parked at, his beautiful car the only barrier between Cas giving Dean a spectacular blowjob and the rest of the world.
As soon as he walks through the door of Cas’s apartment, Dean’s nervous feelings start ebbing away. This place is so unmistakably
Without saying a single word himself, Novak turns around, tilts his head to the side and narrows his eyes a bit, considering, dries his hands with a paper towel that he balls and throws away in the basket next to him, grabs his bag from where he’d placed it on the sink top and starts walking toward Dean.
(See the end of the chapter for
Because his boyfriend is the hottest man in the world and Dean can barely help himself around him on a regular day. But when he wears blue and his sky eyes get even more unreal, Dean can barely fucking
“Unca Balty!”
As planned, Castiel stepped through the door of their home at the end of what he knew would be a long, frustrating day at work, got rid of his leather bag, trench coat, shoes and socks, walked to the couch while loosening up his tie, barefoot and still wearing his sunglasses because his adorable boy asked him if he could keep them on since “they look sexy as hell on you, Sir”, and took a seat with a sigh of relief.
a human. Castiel had always feared that was one of the reasons why Dean never dared pushing for more between them.
Dean’s smiling. But it’s not cocky, or flirty. It’s tight lipped and uncomfortable. Castiel doesn’t have time to process that though. While his eyes are busy assessing the interaction between Dean and the flirty waiter, his hand feels warmer all of a sudden. He looks down to see Dean’s hand covering his. He’s about to tell him off when he hears him say, “Could you please get us some tap water while my date and I take a look at the menu?” A smile follows his request, but it is polite and detached and, just like his hand on top of Castiel’s, leaves no room for misunderstanding.
. His mere presence in the room is more than enough to make Dean forget a whole world exists around him. He’s seen him relaxed, having a drink and laughing with his friends, and that smile and that laugh are something else. Dean wonders how it would feel to be the source of that smile. But that would mean coming out and he doesn’t know that he can do that.
The man swallows down his bite with water before clarifying, “My name?”
“Yeah,
Dean honestly appreciates working with committed people he knows he can count on. It doesn’t really hurt that Novak is eye candy too. Dark, thick and silky-looking hair, big, expressive baby blues, plump lips any sex worker in the world would kill to have, high, defined cheekbones, strong jaw, eternal five o’clock shadow and
The same was true for toys. Dean had considered the possibility of using dildos, beads and vibrators on his beautiful baby, but found he didn’t really like the idea of anything – or
“No time, love, we’ve been in here too long already,” the pressure of the top of Cas’s head on his shoulder blades lets Dean know his boyfriend is staring at the sight of his dick disappearing under Dean’s ass. And getting off on it, if his quickening breath is any indication.
“Grab some toilet paper,” Dean orders on a whisper.
. Even more so if a couple of beers would join us too,” he had quipped with a flirty smile and a wink that had Castiel’s cock fatten up almost instantly. Gosh, he wanted to sit on Dean’s lap and ride him there and then. The couch wasn’t the Impala and they would have certainly offered the hotel guests a show they hadn’t paid for, but Castiel firmly believes in making do with what you have rather than sit and wait for what you want. Unless what you want is what you sit on, of course. In that case, you should definitely sit on it. And Castiel wanted to sit on Dean’s cock really,
Dean had a couple of seconds to wonder when the word ‘share’ had become so disgusting that its enunciation required that much disdain, before Charlie whispered in his ear “Wow, I hope the person who pissed into his cheerios this morning didn’t decide to piss in the coffee we are about to drink too.”
Dean can only do as asked. He smiles brilliantly at Cas, trying to convey how happy his reply has made him and pours all his happiness and talent into playing his go-to songs, which, he knows, will tell Cas more about the kind of man Dean is at heart that anything else could.
“Dean,” the man greets, looking at Dean with way more knowing an expression than Dean is comfortable with.
Cas’s hearts squeezes almost painfully, “I wanted to be fucked, Dean, I
Apparently, Castiel is, like Dean, trying to offer some of that support the best way he knows how. Dean’s heard of someone in the neighborhood doing that, a hotel owner offering homeless kids safe haven for a few days free of charge. It had made him feel better to know that someone else cared about them like Dean does, but he had no idea who that person was, considering Castiel’s not the only hotel in the neighborhood. Figures it had to be the toiletries recycling owner of this hotel.
What they just did is one of the hottest things Dean's ever done and they didn't even remove a single article of clothing. Dean can't help the half surprised and half hysterical laugh that leaves his mouth. They were so desperate that they didn't even waste a second to get naked and just rutted against each other like a pair of beasts in heat.
“Yeah.”
There had been a reason why Castiel had left. Dean hadn’t given him a choice. He simply couldn’t forgive him, and couldn't move on. He was so angry.
“I can read aloud, you know?” Dean is
When they started negotiating their dynamic, Cas suggested that Dean call him “Cas” in everyday situations and “Omega”, rather than “Sir” or “Master”, when scening, so that Dean could use the honorific in front of other people too if he needed to and everyone would think it was Dean asserting his dominance over his mate, while only Dean and Cas would know that he was, in fact, reiterating his submission to his Dom. Dean had got so hard from that suggestion alone that he had asked Cas to please let Dean suck him off before they continued filling in their kink lists.
“Oh Dean,” Cas says, big, sad, blue eyes, suspiciously wet, fixed on Dean. “I can’t tell you what to do,” he adds, tone forced and resigned, as if what he’s saying is the exact opposite of what he’d like to say.
“Where to touch, Sir,” he clarifies, and lets out a little whimper.
“Yes, fuck, yes, please,” Novak confirms, big eyes earnest, red lips swollen from kissing, hands firm against Dean’s shoulders and back, groin never stopping his grinding against any part of Dean at its disposal. He’s
“Everything smells delicious, Dean.”
Dean’s eyes drop and he presses closer to Castiel again. He seems to need the closeness to feel reassured. Castiel suspects he didn’t think he’d be given a choice in the matter. He really was ready to give himself over completely and not be asked to voice his own desires. They clearly will have to work on Dean’s sense of self worth. And Castiel will have to do a far better job at making Dean feel wanted and cared for. “Face to face,” Dean says, voice so low it’s almost a whisper. “I wanna look into your eyes, Cas,” Dean’s eyes snap up, desperate for Castiel to see the truth in them, “God, I missed your eyes
That’s when Dean deems the experiment a success and decides it’s time to move to the next part.
Before going back to his ass eating duties, Dean stopped briefly by the bedside table where they kept lube and condoms. There was no time to hover over the fact Dean had just thought about it as the place
Dean starts moving in the day after Cas asked him, having given Marv his one month notice and needing to vacate the place by the deadline – the smarmy guy
Driving his swelling knot inside his Dom’s channel and letting his actions reply to his mate’s question far better than any verbal answer could, Dean cries out as his vision blacks out momentarily and he fills his mate with his release, finally locking them together.
“How about we take a look at the menu and decide what to order and then you tell me about your weekend?” Castiel hasn’t asked Dean about his week via text because Dean is still very much on probation, but this... spending time together is meant to get to know him better, after all. Asking about how he’s faring in this all new situation can give him a good idea of what kind of man Dean is now. This sounds
cock, because the most beautiful dick in the world, which is attached to the best man on earth, belongs to
(See the end of the chapter for
Luckily, a shrill by the three year old kid of the Russian couple Castiel was taking care of when Dean came down for breakfast manages to break their trance so Castiel doesn't do something stupid and totally unprofessional like jumping Dean's bones on the very chair he's sitting on. He turns around on instinct only to be met with the embarrassed and apologetic smile of the kid's father who matters a quick "Sorry, she's just throwing a tantrum" in their native language.
It’s getting more and more difficult for Castiel not to think taking a leap of faith is the right thing to do, after all.
Dean steps away from him then, throws a twenty on the table and says “Keep the change,” before turning around and leaving this place, possibly for good.
Dean rises his gaze then, his jaw set in a determined expression. “Castiel, would you go to the KGB Espionage Museum with me?“
Without farther ado, please enjoy these two lovely boys getting the happy ending they worked so hard for.
>> As many as you want.
Dean does. He wouldn’t deny Cas anything, least of all this. When Cas begs – demands – to be fucked like that, Dean can’t do anything but give it to him, however he wants it, however long he wants it.
a great thing – and presents a small velvet box to Dean. Dean is clearly in shock. His beautiful green eyes are huge and already shining with gathering tears, and his mouth is hanging open. Cas opens the box to reveal two black rings, each one with a leaf-shaped pattern. One of the leaves in Dean’s ring is covered in diamonds, while a stone fills the other leaf. The stone is blue, obviously. Just as obviously, one of the stones in Cas’s ring is green, while the other is white.
Cas looks into his eyes like he often does, searching for the truth behind the words, and then just nods, his hands still cupping Dean’s face, his thumbs tracing soothing patterns on Dean’s cheeks. Even now, he’s taking care of Dean more than any other partner ever has.
Very much like they did with their clothes, Dean takes his time. His sour mood is slowly but surely ebbing away, and the more he does this, the more he fingers Cas open unhurriedly and gently – making sure to add lube as he adds a finger, looking for his sweet spot to brush softly against every few strokes, scissoring his fingers so there won’t be too much burning when Dean’s cock slides into him, all the while caressing his back with his left hand – the more a quiet calmness drapes over him, and thoughts and feelings of anything or anyone but this vanish from his mind and his heart. He starts peppering kisses on Cas’s shoulders and back, starts asking him how he’s doing, even asks him – no, demands – not to stifle his noises, but to let Dean hear every gasp, every sigh, every moan. Dean
Dean gasps and makes eye contact as Cas starts saying “This was my way to propose without proposing-“
And nothing happened.
“God, Cas. Baby. I love you. I love you so damn much.”
Sweet baby Jesus but Dean loves it when Cas talks to him like that in bed. It makes him feel so wanted to know he's made his sweet, dorky boyfriend get wild enough to whisper the kind of filth he's whispering in his ear now.
to see that pleased look on his Dom’s beautiful face.
, it is OK to invest so much money on research and development rather than banking on revenues, or that revenues are better reinvested in becoming a living role model and providing all their buildings with solar panels and water fountains and 100% recyclable office supplies. Or that investing on funding a green education program in primary and middle schools in the state isn’t just a deductible expense and a golden choice in terms of PR, but also the
He steps closer, and starts touching and caressing Novak’s back, ass, thighs, enjoying how warm and soft his skin is all over.
‘So I can maybe strip you naked after, lick every inch of you and chock on your dick before I sit on it’ is what Castiel doesn’t verbalize. It’s probably written all over his face anyway, so why bother.
This was not the first time Castiel had left Dean, and even though they had somehow always found their way back to each other, none of those separations had left them unscathed.
So he starts getting rid of his own clothes much like Castiel did. In no hurry, one piece after the other, while never taking his gaze away from the sight in front of him, the display of complete trust of his naked boyfriend on their bed –
“Yeah?” Dean asks, his hips still unmoving, because he’s a huge shit like that apparently, “You want me to fuck you?”
“It’s, ah, true. There is
“What are you talking about Cas?”
“OK, OK, OK,” interrupted Dean raising his hands in a placating gesture.
Dean knows it’s risky as fuck. Castiel Novak is one of the big names in the field, and at this conference. So being seen while he gets into what is very clearly a heated argument with him might cost Dean his career, or land him in jail, if Castiel feels particularly vengeful. Which seems to be the case, if the disdain in his tone and his words are to be trusted. At least Dean can deduce part of his answer just from that. Cas was never interested in bad boys. Dean is lucky he ever even looked his way. But he can’t just let Cas go like that, he needs to at least say one thing first. So he physically blocks Cas’s attempt to walk past him with his hands held up in a placating gesture, paying very close attention not to touch him in any way – because present Dean has a very different appreciation of consent and personal space than his younger self – and hurries to say, “Cas, wait, I’m not mocking you, I swear. I know you have no reason to believe me, but I’m being 100% honest here. I-, I came out as bi during college.”
Castiel hums.
Maybe the trip to the High Line will help him calm down.
Cas hadn’t made the good first impression Dean was counting on, and even the coffee didn’t taste as good as usual. Charlie was right though, he was probably just having a bad day. Everyone had those from time to time.
“-is drawer,” Dean replies, gesturing half-heartedly in the direction of the top drawer. Castiel can’t help but chuckle. “Dick,” Dean informs him with mock betrayal. Castiel’s chuckle gets louder.
A few thrusts later, Castiel empties himself in the condom, muffles his scream in Dean’s neck,  and jerks the other man to completion as soon as his own breathing slows down a tiny bit. His cock is still inside Dean’s ass and it doesn’t take more than a handful of strokes before Dean’s coming too, without worrying about muffling his scream of pleasure in the slightest, so Castiel’s sensitive dick can still enjoy the unbelievable feeling of Dean clenching around him.
Castiel is woken up by the smell of coffee and bacon.
Of course Dean would know what Cas needed to hear the most. He smiles, can’t help it, and feels his nerves abate, only excitement remaining.
Because on top of him is his beautiful boyfriend, who Dean has taken care of and made come like he wanted, who’s smiling against his neck as he waits for Dean to get his breathing – and heartbeat – back to normal, who’s ambushed him to be fucked savagely in his car, because he’s a kinky fucker and because they need to make the mos-
“I got there late because I helped a woman with a flat tire and there were no more beds.”
, in his
Dean might have miscalculated though, because the silence is amplifying how hot the whole thing is rather than the opposite. The sounds of their clothes rustling and of their quickened breathing in contrast to the absence of sound coming from himself or Novak, who’s clearly struggling to be quiet but he’s managing anyway, make Dean get even harder and he knows it won’t be long before he shoots his load.
“I’m sorry this person’s lack of respect is putting you all through a stressful time.”
“Is there something you wanna say to me? Then go ahead and say it.”
The morning after. And then some.
gay. Even better, he’s totally out and proud like Dean himself is. Dean should probably try and find out if he’s already taken, and possibly buy a ring, before he falls on one knee and proposes, right?
“Cas.”
“I am, Cas, I promise you I am. And if you give me a second chance I totally know my past self doesn’t deserve I swear I’ll spend every day from now on being deserving of it.”
These are all the reasons why Castiel opts for premium quality products and keeps prices just high enough for the hotel to pay for itself and make a small revenue. He likes to think that, if he doesn’t raise the prices, especially for families and elderly people, they can afford to stay longer, making more memories and spending their money around the neighborhood at cafes and shops and entertainment venues.
Castiel had made his decision the moment Dean had stopped talking, hadn’t he? Thinking about everything they had been through together – something he had spent
Castiel can’t help but chuckle. Dean’s face is a canvas where all his emotions are painted with striking clarity. “Yes, yes I do.”
Facepalming and silently cursing for his
Dean throws his head back and moans loudly, and Castiel starts a slow rhythm of deep and powerful thrust right away. His hands are on Dean’s hips and he’s using his grip to push his boy back whenever his hips push forward and the sound of their bodies colliding with each other is so
So he does the one thing he would do if he had a problem at work he doesn’t know how to fix right away: he buys himself some time.
Dean’s mouth has a mind of its own too, because it seems obsessed with kissing as much of Cas as it can. Dean’s mouth, too, needs reassurance that the soft lips of Dean’s boyfriend and the scratchy surface of his cheeks and neck are its to kiss and lick and nip.
Thank god he only has half a day work ahead of him today. A small miracle, but a most welcome one.
“What?! No! No, that’s not-.”
So when Cas kisses him with his lips and no tongue, Dean knows the “See you around, sweetheart” ritual has started. When Dean opens his eyes, he will see Cas’s blue eyes open, looking at Dean. He will peck Dean one last time, break the kiss, give him a small, sad, apologetic smile, and get up to start getting dressed and walk through the door.
thinking about
“I’m surprised you remember my name. Or learned how to pronounce it.”
learned a thing or two from Cas’s dirty mouth over time.k
A warm feeling courses through Castiel’s entire body. He’s providing for his guests like he’s always wanted to, creating a welcoming and pleasant space for them. Even better, he’s providing for
“What?” Dean asks, knowing he’s a little shit and hoping Cas will make him pay for it when it will be Dean’s turn to have his own first time with his fiancé. “That you’re beautiful?”
Holy fucking shit.
‘Wow, Winchester, way to go on a tangent there, buddy. It’s just a freaking chest.’
Thank god his boyfriend understands him even when Dean can’t understand himself.
All of this doesn’t mean that, in moments like this, he doesn’t think appropriate to mentally pat himself in the back for how absolutely perfect the idea he’s had is.
like not to have to buy it again, which he totally would if Cas gulped it down, as he would
He told Dean as much – open communication and complete honesty keys in their lifestyle – and Dean agreed to scene with him. Castiel refused to include penetrative sex in the scene, much to Dean’s adorable pouting, but did include sexual gratification for the both of them. Dean’s lips were just too plush to not feel them wrapped around his cock and, it bears repeating, Castiel is a good man but he’s no saint.
Novak whines and shakes his head minutely.
“Can you feel it, Dean? Can you feel how
“So, here’s your dinner - burger, fries and water. The hot tea, there’s sugar in the bag too. And, uhm, I also got you these. I-. I couldn’t help but hearing you cough earlier. Figured you must be dealing with a cold and this stuff might help.”
“Come for me, my lovely boy. Let Sir see how much you like it when he fucks you.”
at least a couple of times a year, every year. Dean’s as curious as he is hot with jealousy at the prospect of asking Cas if Balthazar ever succeeded in convincing him, but he doesn’t have to. Cas turns to Dean and makes a point to watch him straight in the eye when he says “I never partook though. I’m strictly monogamous, you see, and I do not particularly love sleeping around.”
That plan disintegrates as soon as he steps out and takes in the scene unfolding not ten feet away from him: Cas with a hand in front of his mouth and Samandriel fussing over him.
“Ready?”
“Welcome home, Dean. Why don’t you come take a seat on the couch? You must be tired.” Cas is mentally patting himself for uttering the whole piece without letting his voice tremble. He might have rehearsed it a few times just to be on the safe side.
A pair of eyes never failed to be accounted for. Forget-me-not blues like Dean had never seen before, or after. Forget-me-not blues that Dean has, indeed, never managed to forget. Dean’s green eyes aren’t half bad, but he’s honestly always been a bit envious of those blue orbs. They were never hungry, envious or awed though. They were attentive, focused, like Dean was a secret to unravel. And they would always be immediately averted when caught. Dean liked the attention, no matter that it came from a boy. Blue-eyes wasn’t the first boy that had looked at Dean with more than veiled interest. Dean didn’t find it annoying, he was actually flattered. He was so much in denial back then that he justified it to himself by thinking that he really had to be the shit, if both girls and boys would drop to their knees for him. That didn’t explain while he started asking around until he found out those blue eyes belonged to one Castiel Novak, a senior. That emboldened Dean even more. A senior had a crush on a junior. His ego just about grew fours sizes. But that still couldn’t explain, or justify, how Dean could start toying with him like he did. He would deliberately search and hold Castiel’s gaze in the crowd until he would submit and avert his eyes. He would smile cockily and even wink at him from time to time. He took to kissing girls in public, which he hadn’t done so much before, not being a fan of PDA, whenever he realized Castiel was around. He would keep his eyes open while he was kissing those girls and fix them on the older boy, reveling in the way the intensity of Castiel’s gaze inevitably turned into furious
Clearly, that wasn’t the first time Dean’s made a mistake when Cas was involved. Or in general. Utterly
He goes to the cupboard near the couch where he’s put everything he’d need for aftercare before leaving in the morning, and grabs what he needs. While Dean’s still out of it, Castiel cleans his chest, abdomen and between his legs with some wet wipes. He also uses one on Dean’s face, to clean away the remaining smeared lipstick and, he can see now, also some mascara that has run down Dean’s cheeks.
“Very well. Stand up for me.”
Dean’s brain won’t cooperate. This is-. Shit. Dean’s torn between the love he feels for this man threatening to burst his heart open and the lust that’s surged through him that’s threatening to make his dick explode on the spot.
Beyond. Stunning.
“How could I ever say no to that?”
That kind of desperation wasn’t worth looking into though, Dean was certain of that. It was just a perfectly natural addiction to powerful daily orgasms. Everyone would have behaved like Dean and Cas, given the chance. So it was useless to waste time analyzing their inability to keep their hands off of each other. It was absolutely normal. Everyone would have done the same. There, that was a solid, rational conclusion. Moving on.
. Castiel really wants to do that. See everything. He likes the idea of having Dean squirm under his gaze while he tries to stay focused on what he’s doing. He knows that’s mean. But he’s really enjoying the power he seems to have on the man and how easily he’s able to make him trip over his own words and actions. It’s extremely satisfying. It almost feels like foreplay, and Castiel is horny enough to want to indulge. He’s just going to consider it as part of the payback he still owes Dean for the locker room evening.
But it’s not something he can force, and he’s not the only one who can decide. Quite the opposite, in fact. He knows the reins are in Castiel’s hands, at least until he won’t have a chance to fully realize Dean
“And once I found the courage to admit that to myself and others, it didn’t take too much introspection to also admit that it was you the one who made me realize that. Even though I didn’t have the guts to admit it at the time and acted like an unforgivable jerk about it.”
she now had a son in law that was here to stay.
“I wanna be with you always, Dean. Always. Marry me.”
His face is on fire too, Castiel can feel it. He’s blushing now, on top of everything else. Yep, he’s really rocking the shy school boy look this morning.
“Look, I know I don’t have any right to even ask but, what if we go to the bar across the street and talk? I owe you, at the very least, an apology. We’ve been here long enough already, our duty is done. And if we sit at one of the tables in this room someone is likely to interrupt us. Not to mention that there are way too many gossips around, and we don’t want them to “inadvertently overhear” what we say.”
Yes, Dean’s gone there. That‘s his own, admittedly super cheeky, way to let Cas know he’d gladly be his farm boy, if only Cas decided to become Dean’s prince. Is he sorry about that? Hell no. It‘s taken Dean a lot of time to accept that the carefully constructed and maintained mask of perfection he paraded around in high school was not an honest reflection of his inner self. He is a simple man, and a nerd at heart. Cas might as well realize that from the start and decide whether that‘s the kind of person he might want to go steady with, if this thing is to go anywhere.
“Are you getting hard, Dean?”
be ticked, Castiel suspects.
tired of suppressing his feelings for this wonderful man, but he does something he always tries not to do. He lowers his gaze to Cas’s lips.
He comes with a strangled cry, surprised that he’d been so close to his climax and he hadn’t even realized it. Cas groans loudly when he does, clearly reveling in Dean’s inner muscles clenching around his cock and goes back to fucking Dean in earnest while Dean’s still trembling from his aftershocks and his toes are still curled in his boots.
“Did you have something specific in mind?”
Cas loves this man so much. Every single cell of Cas’s body, soul and mind is in love with every single cell of Dean’s body, soul and mind. Always.
First he has a sub to put back in his place though. “Don’t think I don’t know what you’re trying to do by wearing this, boy,” he starts, very much enjoying the flush that instantly starts spreading on his sub’s cheeks. He’s untied the scarf by now and he’s making it slide across Dean’s throat, chest and shoulders before dropping it on the floor, so that his sub can appreciate the feeling of the soft fabric against his naked skin. “And we will
– Dean didn’t have to do more than tell him to get on his knees and he did, letting his jaw drop a little and watching him with wide, hopeful eyes that screamed ‘please, please shove your dick down my throat.’ If that wasn’t enough, it turns out Dean will also have the privilege and immense pleasure to be the one who turns his ass red for the first time. If Novak is on board, that is.
Cas's chuckles makes something in Dean's chest loosen, a tightness he hadn't realized was there. Fear that he'd blown his own and only chance to rock this marvelous man's world. But Dean can't regret how things played out and Cas seems just as happy, if surprised, as he is.
who did it. He needs to boast about it. And that’s what Dean leads him to do, in spite of his lawyer’s constant interruptions, and of Walker’s constantly sustaining his objections. He manages to make the fucking kid incriminate himself and shout about “filthy faggots like that” needing “to be set straight since they are clearly born defective”, so that Dean’s pretty confident about what the verdict will be when the jury stand up to retire. He honestly doesn’t think it will take them too long either, at this point.
Dean's got a lot to prove and Castiel is nothing if not a demanding man 😉
what he’s lost? What he’s never had, in fact. Which shouldn’t even surprise him. Cas is
“Yes. I wanted to take you again so badly.”
Cas’s stubborn frown would be endearing, if Dean’s heart wasn’t squeezing and expanding simultaneously. This man is incredible, and he doesn’t even see it. “Did she at least offer to repay you somehow?”
Jimmy could definitely go from fairly relaxed to wound up super tight in a fraction of a millisecond.
’s the one that makes this side of Cas want to come out and play.
“Ever since Meg quit her job at the front office we’ve got swamped and swamped, wouldn’t you agree?”
“As you wish.”
Jimmy looks hot as fuck.
, he can make out with his boyfriend while he fucks him.
“Castiel”, aka Mr N., aka the Father of All Things Hot, aka the Man of Dean’s Dreams, replies while returning Dean’s handshake with a powerful grip and yes, please, what else can these strong, capable hands do?
Castiel to fuck him.
“Fuck,” Dean says out loud, thumping his head back against the wall and wondering when he’ll start feeling the relief he thought he’d feel after fucking Cas again.
they might find themselves in this situation. He
“I stocked up on mango and coconut chapstick, and I’m not afraid to use it to bribe you into saying yes.”
“It’s absolutely perfect, love,” Cas says, fondness and love in his voice, and the sudden absence of his left arm around Dean makes Dean assume that Cas is probably admiring the ring around his finger.
he's nervous.
“No, I. I know. And it’s OK, Dean. You did the right thing. No point in starting this new adventure with a lie.” Cas’s smile seems sincere, although still a little shocked, and Dean starts feeling better right away.
So he makes his way to them.
Thank you everyone who's read along, it's been amazing to spend these last few weeks chatting about my work with you. YOU have been amazing, and I am so, so thankful.
That, of course, is a smoking pile of bullshit, and Dean hates it.
Dean’s mouth. Dean’s mouth so beautiful. So perfect. Surrounded by cherry red. The lipstick.
“I, uhm, I think so?”
“Good morning, Mildred. How are you today?”
That means he’s just going to do anything in his power to give his birthday boy anything he wants and needs. Tonight, and every other night of their lives.
“So, do you think I could have my coffee, then?”
He had done everything in his power to convince his senior colleagues to let him go, set as they were to take the opportunity to leave work behind for a few days – as if attending the conference wasn’t about work too. He had to promise to bring them coffee every morning for a month and even take up some of their most time-consuming and frankly boring as fuck assignments before they relented. Honestly, Dean had got away with it way more easily than he had thought he would. He was prepared to wash their cars for a couple of weeks. He suspects his colleagues realized it was something he really wanted and that they let him off the hook relatively easy because they kinda liked him. See, young Dean? That’s what you get for treating people with respect. They don’t make you wash their cars.
No time to dwell on that now. They have this present chance. Dean better not fuck it up.
“Shall we?”
The walk back to his place had been a silent affair, an awkward silence reigning after the brief “Hey Jimmy, ready?”, “Sure” interaction they had when Dean met him at this spot after work.
Charlie literally facepalmed. “You’re hopeless, Dean. You wouldn’t survive a day without me.”
They’ve never talked. Not once. They’ve met at most of Dean’s trials for the better part of one year now, and none of them has approached the other, even though they both want to. Their eye-fucking certainly cannot be taken as a sign of lack of interest on either of their parts.
“I love it, Omega.”
It had been years since Purgatory though. They had gone through so much. Castiel wouldn’t have made that mistake again now.
Dean completes his tasks and returns to stand in front of Castiel.
morons.
So that’s what Dean has learned, and always done. Always respected everyone else, never thought he was better than others, never underestimated – or overestimated – anyone based on their primary or secondary gender, always behaved as a strong, reliable partner with the omegas he was in a relationship with but never let himself go with them, not completely. He never showed too much affection, because, in his mind, showing affection meant showing feelings, which meant showing and admitting to being weak. He did let go during sex, all of them were absolutely satisfied with his sexual prowess, as he never failed to mount them and knot them without restraint. That was the only way he had to feel really close to them. He would have wanted to talk to them, share his desires and fears, but he couldn’t. That would have been unbecoming of him. Of any alpha, really.
He’s tall, not as much as Dean but almost, broad shoulders and strong biceps, massively thick thighs Dean really can’t wait to bite and an ass Dean’ll be more than pleased to fuck open.
“You’re so very lucky that I let you have me like this.”
“Yes! And not only that. Speaking another language is... Dean, you have no idea. It opens the gates of your mind! It’s not just that you can understand when people talk. It’s- it’s a whole different way of thinking, you know? You realize that your way of seeing reality and talking about it is just
Sounded like a
I regret more than what I did and said in that locker room.”
“Shit, you’re beautiful like this, fiancé,” Dean can’t help but say out loud.
Dean forces himself to smile even though his chest aches for the man sitting across from him. “And I’m very happy to hear that.”
While Dean’s torn between his thoughts and the incredible feeling of Cas’s tongue sliding against his own, of his soft lips against his, of his quickening breath on his face and of his hands keeping a secure hold on Dean’s neck, Cas gets tired of letting Dean dominate the kiss. He plants a knee on the cushion and starts bending forward, which causes Dean to start lying back.
His right hand decides it’s time to move past teasing and leaves Dean’s cheek to grab a hold of the plug and starts playing with it, taking it out a bit to push it back and turning it into circles that stretch Dean’s rim just enough to stimulate his nerve endings and make them tingle. His precious’s boy little moans are the best kind of music.
Fuck Dean’s life, and Dean too ('Yes,
hands, hyper focused on each little thing Cas is doing like he seems to be. It’s so empowering to be the center of the attention of a man like Dean.
He breaks the kiss only to fix an intense pair of blue eyes on him. “I hope you’ll soon have the chance, courage and strength to truly be yourself in every aspect of your life. Because you’re nothing if not gorgeous, sweetheart.”
“You want me to keep these soiled panties on for the whole drive home?”
him, that that’s what Dean’s craving.
She smiles seductively and turns around to sashay toward a table at the back. When Castiel turns to look at Dean, expecting his eyes to be trained on what even Castiel can objectively admit is a pretty fine ass, he finds him still looking around and taking in every detail. Castiel is frankly starting to feel tired to be constantly surprised by this man.
“Is there such a thing?”
From the very beginning, Cas made it clear that he wouldn’t be in a relationship with Dean just because they were True Mates. Dean had to go all in, open his heart, share himself, his desires, his dreams, his fears, because communication is key in every healthy relationship and Cas would rather be alone, than with someone who couldn’t share himself completely. He wouldn’t mate with Dean until he knew for certain that Dean would be the mate he wanted.
Castiel would be more than a little invested, and little Castiel more than a little onboard, in being the focus of such a handsome man’s interest, if the handsome man in question wasn’t one of the most despicable people on the planet.
If he doesn't drop the coy act right now, Dean cannot be hold accountable for all the depraved things he'll do to this man.
good boy now and Dean would do
music. That was
“Dean?” Cas tries to get his boyfriend’s –
Cas doesn’t reply, just stares at Dean for a few seconds, until his face softens a bit. Dean supposes honesty is hard to hide.
Dean would be a lying liar who lies if he said he’s not also having sexy thoughts about what the two of them could do above that very spacious desk. Or under it, or against it.
“Shh, baby, no, don’t worry,” Dean cooed as he made his hands leave the grip they had on Cas’s hips to start caressing his belly and chest. “You’ll have it for as long as you want it.”
Somehow, that’s enough to put his mind at ease enough that he falls into a deep and dreamless sleep.
“I did. I even baked you a pie,” he replies, savoring how
– “a ‘67 black Chevy Impala, Cas, a real beauty like you don’t see often these days”.
He had already decided to buy a new phone and get himself a new number before leaving town, so that he could give it to his friends to keep in touch and possibly arrange to meet again one day, but the appearance of Carl in Maggie’s life solidified that decision. She would need a friend sooner rather than later.
That was the right thing to say apparently, because all the tension melts from Cas’s face and a blinding smile is all that remains. He then launches into a tale of how he decided to take a whole flock of birds with one stone by using the inheritance of the parents who had disowned him to set up a place like the one he’d always wanted to live in that he’s named in a way that he knew would piss their fanatic ass off big time, and where he could work with his misfit brother and best friend while also helping the neighborhood and its least lucky inhabitants.
“For being as monogamous as we are, our bed sure is crowded,” his husband adds with a light, clearly pleased tone.
With that Dean put himself to work, making sure to be thorough but quick with closing the shop, because he didn’t really want to leave Cas waiting for him for too long. This was not the time for that.
Dean makes a mental note to check his garage in case he has any other sleeping bags to donate to the shelters in town, and to ask his family and friends to do the same. That reminds him that he also has to find out how to donate part of the very generous Christmas bonus his dad gave him to the shelter Cas sleeps at. He mentioned they don’t charge the homeless for a bed, so Dean figures the more private donations they get, the longer they’ll be able to keep doing that.
‘Wow. His full name. I’m surprised he hasn’t called me Dean Michael Winchester Singer.’
That statement is not accompanied by an underling tone of worry, like Castiel has heard in the past when the men who’ve bottomed for him realized his dick was about to be pushed into their asses. No, Dean’s tone is eager and pleased. Dean can’t wait to be speared on Castiel’s cock.
His first bite sends Dean straight to heaven and he’s pretty vocal in his appreciation. He didn’t even do that on purpose, but he still has a pretty nice view of Castiel’s back muscles tensing and his head lifting up slightly from where it was bent on the table he was resetting when he heard Dean’s moan. Being vocal is a good way to rile Castiel up. Dean files the information away for later.
This time it’s Dean that leads Castiel by the hand, until they sit down on the side of the bed, their bodies angled towards each other. Dean cups his face with a hand and thumbs along his cheek as he says, “Relax, Cas. It’s just you and me.”
getting down on one knee and proposing. But things between them have been going incredibly well since day one, their bond getting more and more profound as time went by, so he doesn’t really think Cas will say no. They’ve talked about marriage and kids and all the big issues two people who are involved romantically should talk about before committing to each other. Dean knows they’re on the same page, and he cannot wait to seal the deal once and for all. Cas’s the one for him and he honestly thinks he’s the one for Cas.
my place is tidy, or I’d be sitting on my ass right now!”
Right.
Cas looks at him with a fond smile. “Hello Dean. Just give him a moment to save this file and I’ll be right with you.”
When he regains the ability to form some coherent thought, he realizes he’s climaxed – he doesn’t know if he came on Cas’s cock or if his boyfriend stroked him to completion while emptying himself into his ass – because Cas is cleaning his own come from his chest with a warm cloth and an adoring smile, before placing a small kiss on his slightly pudgy belly and declaring “all done.”
>> God, Dean, I’m working here and I’ve got a semi now.
Suffice it to say that Balthazar’s reaction was
, that’s
Cas has calmed down a bit in the meantime, and looks at Dean with a knowing arched brow. “Marking your property, fiancé?”
“Ssshhh, baby boy, ssssh, you’re mine, boy, all mine,” Castiel reassures right away, taking his fingers out of Dean’s mouth and using that hand to stroke his boy’s hair, shoulder and arm instead. He goes as far as slowing his hips almost to the point of stopping any motion and bending down to places little kisses on his boy’s temple, and hair, and face, and mouth.
“I, fuck, won’t stop,” Dean struggles to say as he pulls up on his right arm while his left elbow hooks Cas’s right leg so he’s even more open and easier to fuck into, “until I’ve fucked that load out of you.” Dean’s not the dirty talker between the two, but he
“Yes?” Castiel replies with a head tilt+confused squint combo that has Dean’s insides squirm pleasurably at the thought that someone so unmistakably handsome can also be this adorable.
“Since it’s the man I’m in love with you keep dragging through the mud!”
“Absolutely not. I’m the only one who gets to touch you now, and no one else.”
He honestly didn’t have the willpower and patience to fuck around and tease tonight. That was something he had a lot of fun with when he first started going to Cas’s place. He loved teasing Cas merciless until he had him desperate and begging to “just give me something, Dean, please, anything.”
Ah yes, Castiel can see Dean’s point. Not even Google Maps can find something as quickly and as precisely as Castiel’s fingers can find Dean’s prostate.
