“What?” Dean questions between kisses, “Tell me, baby. Don’t hold out on me now,” he whispers, but he doesn’t give Castiel a real chance to respond before he’s poking and prodding at his mouth with his tongue.
“I don’t sleep, Dean. You know that.”
Regardless, Cas listens to him and slips back into his bedroom and comes back out with the rings on. Dean really should’ve jerked off in the shower or something, because he is in
They have to reposition after a few seconds, because Cas’ neck starts to cramp from how it’s bent in order to kiss Dean. He rubs at the back of it for a second before he settles further down in the bed, laying on his side and facing Dean. He doesn’t say anything at all before his lips are back on Dean’s.
Sam gets up to excuse himself then, and he wraps his ungodly large hands around one of Dean’s ankles and squeezes. “Just… let me know if there’s anything I can do,” he says weakly, knowing that there’s not a damn thing that could make this any better.
“I’m so sorry, Cas,” Dean says again. He’s been saying that a lot. He doesn’t know what else he
to think about it." His hands are shaking as he holds on to Cas'. Their eyes are locked on each other, now. "I had to think about it, because if I didn't, I'd never know if I loved you back. And before you came back, it was easy. It was easy to keep it locked away and to not let myself think about it. But then, you were back, and you were still in love with me. And very vocal about it," they both laugh, "So I had to let myself consider it. And it's you, Cas. It's you, for me. Men, Women, I don't care anymore. It's you." He finishes, and he exhales. He hangs his head and shakes it with a smile on his face. The tears are back, but that's okay.
Dean trails his hands up and down his sides as they kiss languidly, stopping at his hips every so often to grind Cas down into his lap. All of it makes Cas’ head spin. He’ll never have enough of this. He thought, only a few minutes ago, that he could live with it if tonight was all he ever got. But now, in Dean’s lap, he knows he could never be without this feeling again.
“I told you, it’s hard to explain.”
"Not lookin', Cas."
Dean nods, even though he knows Cas can’t see him. “Okay,” he says. “I’m gonna try to sleep. Night, Cas.”
Dean nods. Sammy has a bed in his own room and in their mom and dad’s room, so he’s already in here this time. “Not dad?” he asks.
but he doesn’t understand. What the hell is he missing here?
He can’t say anything. The words stick in his throat and cut him up on the inside. All he can do is let out a shaky breath that’s somewhere between a cough and a sob. Cas rubs at his back as he holds the phone to his ear, trying to say something,
The ride to the hospital is eerily silent. Neither of them reach to turn on the radio, and the silence is a physical weight on Dean’s shoulders. They have no idea what they’re walking into with Anna. Her mom had made it sound pretty awful, and he’s worried. He’s worried he won’t recognize Anna, that Anna won’t recognize
Castiel’s voice sounds like he just swallowed a handful of gravel.
and thank you, dear reader, for reading this little story that i just
“I was ordered to rescue you from Hell the moment the Hounds dragged you away. My Garrison and I, we flew through Hell for forty years just to get to you. Many of my Brothers and Sisters died trying to get to you before you broke the first Seal. Of course, none of us made it. But that isn’t your fault, Dean. We underestimated how long it would take to get to you. That’s on us.
"There. Happy?" Cas asks, the scowl still gracing his features.
Cas smiles warmly at him, catches his wrist once more with a much softer grip. “Thank you, Dean. I’m sorry for freaking out.”
Cas was the best dad. From the very start, he loved Jack. As much contempt as Dean used to hold for him, he knew that Cas loved him. Cas took one look at Jack, and the look on his face told Dean everything he needed to know.
John asks, and he sounds worried in an instant. This is the first time Dean’s called him, not the other way around.
Sam pushes the door open before Cas has time to consider that Dean just
Dean’s so fucking in love. “I am so fucking in love,” he says.
he curses, as Dean buries himself deep and stays there, still jerking Castiel’s cock.
"Cas, I-" He takes one more deep breath. He can do this. "It's my dad, Cas. I can't, because my dad-" he chokes on his words, trying to breathe and steady himself. He uses the feeling of Cas' hand against his face ground him.
“Charlie, are you kidding me?” Dean whines, picking up the remote and flicking the TV off. “Porn? Really?”
Cas just whimpers and nods, sinking his dick back into Dean's mouth and fucking his throat relentlessly. He's not letting up. Between watching Cas' face, feeling his dick in his throat, and grinding down onto the bed, Dean is coming. He moans around Cas' dick as his own hips stutter, but he holds his head steady through it all, wanting to take care of Cas, too.
Pulling off for just a moment, Cas says, “Let go, Dean. Let me see you.” He goes right back to it as soon as he’s done speaking.
Cas frowns, “You’re not going to drink?”
Dean cries so hard that he doesn’t even notice when the attic door opens. He doesn’t notice Cas undressing to climb into bed with him. He only knows Cas is there because he feels the bed dip, and on instinct, he turns to look at him.
The nameless frat dude nods his head, pulling a cigarette out of his pack and handing it to Dean. He holds a lighter out to him. Dean cups his hand around the flame and lights the cigarette, handing the lighter back. Menthol. “Thanks, man,” he says, turning back to face forward and stare out into the street, devoid of all activity at this hour.
“Are you okay?” Cas asks, rubbing his hand against Dean’s heartbeat like he might be able to calm it by sheer force of will.
Dean finishes up breakfast in silence, with Cas sipping coffee a few feet away from him. The very presence of Cas is distracting right now. Dean eats as he cooks, and then he puts Cas’ plate down in front of him at the table and wordlessly goes back to cooking.
considering they're soaked all the way through, too.
thing, but even if he did. Dean would tie him to a chair before he let Cas leave him again. He tries not to think too hard about that.
Turns out, it’s a lot.
Dean clutches it to his chest with wide eyes. Cas is supposed to
Cas sighs — he sure does do that a lot. “I… grew up sheltered,” he says, and that much isn’t a surprise to Dean. “My family, they’re very… religious, and I was something of a problem child.”
"Yeah, baby? Like that?" He does it again, earning himself another moan. He smiles at this. Dean has always gotten off on his partner's pleasure. He takes a lot of pride in his ability to make women feel good, and he's proud of himself for getting the hang of this so quickly. Dean leans forward as he continues to move his fingers, taking the head of Cas' dick into his mouth. He sucks gently as he fucks his fingers into Cas, pulling all sorts of noises out of him that Dean never wants to stop hearing.
Anna and Brooke make their way out to Brooke’s car while Dean’s in a trance, staring at the sigil-painted walls of this house. Cas lays a hand on his shoulder, flips him around to face him. “We’ll come back,” he promises. “Someday, we’ll come back here.”
Cas shakes him out of his thoughts with his next words, “Yes, I did. And then I annoyed an ancient cosmic being so much that it sent me back,” he shrugs, and his wrist comes loose of Dean’s grip.
the best time to do this?” he asks.
Cas smiles as wide as he ever has in all his years of life. Dean loves him back. As undeserving as they both may be, it doesn’t matter. They’re here, they’re alive, and they love each other. That’s all that matters. It’s all that ever mattered.
“You kiddin’ me, man? Look at him. He’s just a baby. Swear he has your eyes, Cas. I don’t know if that’s possible, but I swear he does,” Dean says. “He’s all I had left of you,” he adds, hushed. His grip tightens around Cas around his back, and he drops a kiss to his shoulder. “You’ll stay, right? You and Jack? Here in the bunker?”
One of Dean’s hands wraps around him then, and Castiel sees galaxies.
Dean doesn't let it steep for very long and elects to just swallow it, chewing some of what he couldn't swallow in one go.
They do the dishes, they put them away, they clean up the kitchen. They even take a shower and get changed into fresh clothes. Anna should be back any time now. Unless she’s dead, of course. Which, Dean reminds himself, is entirely possible. He’d go as far as to say it’s likely.
Neither does Cas.
They’re not here.
It’s not that Dean looks forward to dying, or even that he wants to in the way he used to. He’s just excited by the prospect of actually, genuinely spending
“Yeah, Cas. It is,” Dean says, and he leans forward for another kiss.
“Nobody’s taking you away from us, Claire. Not unless that’s what you want,” Dean adds.
(See the end of the chapter for
Anna thinks for a moment, runs her fingers through her own hair and smooths it down again, tucking it behind her ears. “Okay, yeah. Yes, that’s fine. Just… don’t tell them anything, okay? Just let them know I’m not dying. Say the doctors don’t know what’s wrong, but they’re working on it. Say
just sitting here with him on the couch in pajamas, waiting for their pizza. “Something like that,” Cas answers, and Dean doesn’t remember what that’s an answer
suffered. Neither he or Cas mind much, but it’ll be good for the both of them to have a full eight hours of alone time while Jack is at school. It’ll be beneficial.
Dean huffs out a laugh. "Okay, that's fair," he says. "Seriously, Cas. I... We haven't talked about this yet. I don't know what you like or don't like," Dean sighs and rubs his hand up and down Cas' back as he lays on top of him.
Getting into the bath goes about as smoothly as it can, though, and soon Cas is settled into the warm water and only wincing a little bit at the sting of the water against his wounds. They’re essentially closed up now, but Dean knows that they can still sting beneath the water. He also knows that after a couple of minutes, the stinging stops and it starts to feel
But for right now, Dean climbs into bed with Cas, his best friend, and pulls him close.
Dean gulps, but he nods his head. "Okay. That's fine. I'll just close my eyes and hold on to you, I won't look."
He doesn’t bother whipping it off, just starts in on the button and fly of Cas’ slacks, shoving them and his boxers down. “You’re eager,” Cas says into his mouth. “Slow down. Enjoy this,” he breathes. “We don’t know when we’ll get this again.”
He makes it about two steps out of the kitchen before Cas’ damn kid is grabbing his bicep with
And you know what? There’s nobody here to hear him. Nobody’s gonna know if he breaks his vow of silence. Nobody ever has to know. So he kneels directly in front of the delilah, looks up at the sky, and he
Cas gasps, and his eyes go wide. His head tips back, and his mouth hangs open. His eyes never leave Dean’s.
Yeah. As if.
Eventually, he has to reposition Dean on the bed. He promises to return, and he does, with a wet rag to clean Dean up. Dean just hums and watches him through hooded eyelids as he moves about the cabin, too lazy to throw his clothes back on. He throws the rag across the room and back into its bucket, and it makes a splash as it lands. He doesn’t really care. He’ll be dead tomorrow, so why should he care about some wet wood?
Dean's heart clenches and he wants to sob. Suddenly, he wishes that it was Cas holding
He wraps a loose hand around Dean, more to coat him in lube than anything. Dean throws his head back against the pillow as Cas adds a little more pressure and starts twisting his wrist. “Look at me please, Dean,” he asks, dropping a kiss to the inside of one of Dean’s thighs.
“It’s okay, Dean. I’m just relieved you didn’t see anything… untoward.” Cas shifts and his ears get a little hot at the tips. He smiles at Dean anyways, and pushes through. “I’m glad to be back in the real world. I have you to thank for that.”
Dean turns over in Cas’ arms to burrow his face into Cas’ chest. Cas lets out a soft noise of surprise, but he cradles Dean’s head to his chest. “Shh,” he soothes, “I’ve got you, Dean. I’m right here,” he says.
“Hey, Cas,” says the voice on the other end. Sam. He sounds strained, Cas notes.
Cas just laughs, shrugs his shoulders. “It’s a coffee shop. I want coffee,” he says. “Iced, if you don’t mind,” he adds.
been.
He strips back out of everything but his boxers and climbs into bed again. He faces the wall and tucks the covers up under his chin like they can shield him from how absolutely fucked up everything’s become. He pretends that the weight of the heavy blankets on his shoulder can outweigh the guilt he feels. He pretends that the blankets are his armor, that nothing — not even his grief — can touch him here.
He’s gotta leave in about five minutes if he wants to get Cas and get to Charlie’s place on time, so he throws on his beanie and a pair of boots and heads out the door.
And so, when he drifts off to sleep, he's right at home.
Not this time.
Dean grins at him and takes his hat, flipping it so it’s on backwards. “We know, Garth. You’re like, the antithesis of most business majors,” he says, throwing his arm around Garth.
the bastard. Dean just huffs out a laugh and nods.
Cas leans forward so that their lips touch, but he doesn’t kiss Dean. “Show me,” he breathes against his mouth, and
Dean watches as Cas sits across from him and very carefully separates all of his food. The pancakes get moved to the edge of the plate — Dean guesses he’s probably going to have those last so that the syrup doesn’t get all over his hash browns. Makes sense.
“You’re fine, Sammy. You’re not
"You sure you don't want me to drive?" Sam asks, and it's just loud enough that Cas stirs.
“Are you alright?” Cas asks him, reaching across the space between them and laying a hand on his knee.
him. Capital L Love. It’s still hard to wrap his brain around.
and waits. He drums his fingers against the steering wheel and hums along to the Zeppelin song that’s playing through the speakers. His face lights up when Cas comes walking out of his apartment wearing a pair of Adidas joggers and a t-shirt that looks like it’s a little big on him. He’s wearing a pair of sneakers and a beanie that isn’t unlike Dean’s own.
They lay in silence for a few moments, and Cas feels Dean’s fingers playing with his hair. He can feel him twisting some of the longer pieces around his index finger, and scratching at his scalp occasionally. He knows that he’s not the Cas that Dean knows, but he remembers when he was. He remembers being so confused by how full of
Dean actually does look hurt by that from what Cas can tell in the dim lighting of the cabin. “Why would you say that?” he hisses, taking a step further into the cabin.
Dean doesn't know how long he has left, anymore. This is the last day that he’s guaranteed with Cas. After this, it’s nothing but borrowed time. He hates to admit it, but there’s a part of him that takes comfort in the fact that he’s not going to remember any of this. If he were going to remember, he’d be able to miss Cas. He’s sure that somehow, he’ll find a way to miss him anyhow. He knows there’ll be a hole in his chest where Cas has resided for the past few weeks of his life, and he knows that he’s probably going to fill the Cas-shaped hole with a hell of a lot of whiskey, but at least he won’t know what he’s missing.
He hates this. Hates that he can’t stop the tears. It’s
He supposes that maybe part of him always knew. From all the books in Bobby’s house that he would read when he got bored after school about all sorts of creatures, to all of the weird sigils in his mom’s house that would sometimes pop up in those same books at Bobby’s — part of him had to have known. He always just figured his mom was a little superstitious and maybe even just plain paranoid, but to find out all of it is real… it’s not as big of a shock as it probably could’ve been, or even
Cas smiles sadly down at him. “He has. Of course he has, he’s only human. Even angels make mistakes, so Castiel would never expect Dean to be perfect. Despite his many flaws and mistakes, Castiel loves him anyways," Cas says, almost like a reassurance. He knows that’s not what it is, because Dean doesn’t know that they’re the two people in this story.
Cas slowly eases his fingers out of Dean and stands up onto his knees, wiping the lube from his hands off on his boxers before he pulls them down and kicks them off. Dean stares at him, and his eyes soften. He loses a little bit of that edge that had him begging only moments ago, but that’s okay. Cas can get it back.
is just swallowing him up, like he’s — like he’s
he thinks, on a loop until something happens behind him that breaks that loop.
Aside from his long hair and Sam's beard, nothing was out of place. Dean lets himself wonder for a moment if maybe he should grow his hair out a little. Seeing it from an outside perspective, he actually hadn’t looked half bad. Cas obviously liked it that way. But then again, Cas apparently liked Sam with a beard, and that’s just not right.
Dean swallows. Either he’s
Cas looks frazzled, they both do, but they’re a lot more calm. All of the color is drained from his mother’s face. “Mom?” Dean asks, timid. “What the hell happened?”
Cas nods. “Thank you,” he says once more, and Dean nods at him.
Cas nods. “Thank you,” he says sheepishly. He toes off his shoes, hangs his jacket on a hook on the door.
Cas laughs. “Yes, I’d say it is.”
Dean almost drops the fucking phone. “How the hell do you know I’m in El Paso? Charlie, go the fuck home. I’m not kidding. This isn’t something you should be in the middle of.”
Dean is frozen in place, but manages a nod and a soft, "Goodnight, Cas."
Cas nods his head. “Um…” he says, contemplating. His eyes light up, and Dean knows it’s him in that exact instant, but he wants to know what Cas is going to say. “You—” he starts, and he shakes his head. “Before I died, the last time. Not this time,” he says, “You took me to a midnight screening of Tombstone. You made me promise not to tell Sam because you didn’t want him to be jealous, and then for the entire car ride home, you hounded me with questions about my opinion on it,” he says, and he has a fond smile on his face.
What Cas doesn't expect is for Dean to hum low in his throat, pull him closer, and whisper “Mornin’, Sunshine,” but that’s exactly what happens.
She trudges into the kitchen. “What?” she asks, and her face falls when she sees the french toast. “What the hell, Cas?” she asks. “I’m gonna be late for school if I stay and have breakfast,” she pouts, crosses her arms.
expected was their first and only placement to be a young, unruly teenager named Claire.
Dean pulls his mother into his arms and tucks her head under his chin. “It’s fine, mom. You didn’t know, and Charlie’s the best liar I know,” he says. He can tell his mom still feels like shit about it, but there’s nothing any of them can do about it now. “It’s late,” he says, “and they’ll all be here in less than ten hours. We should get some rest while we can.”
Cas shakes his head. “No. Fractured, maybe, but nothing I can’t handle for now. I would really like to lay down, Dean,” he says. He sounds so weak. Dean has never seen Cas so weak, seen him look so small. He helps him into bed, covering him up to his hips but leaving his torso exposed so he can rub some antibiotic ointment onto the cuts, both to help the bandages stick a little better, and to make sure they don’t get infected.
for fuck’s sake, and Dean had let him play that stupid fucking game.
He sleeps.
Dean shakes his head and gives a wave of his hand, a gesture to say
Cas just smiles and steps into the bathroom with him. He closes the door and lets his (Dean's) joggers fall to the floor. He steps into Dean's space after that, looping his arms around his waist.
Cas turns his head around to look at Sam in the doorway. "Hi, Sam," he smiles.
an itsy bitsy warning here for dean asking cas about his eating habits / asking about disordered eating. it doesn’t get discussed in depth bc that’s not what it is. deans just confused bc cas doesn’t eat in front of him a lot. anyways. just thought maybe i should warn for that, but i think that’s the only little thing here.
Sam nods at him again and gets up from the table, his shoulders slumped as he walks up the stairs to his room.
he thinks, shaking his head.
“Are you terminally ill or something?”
Dean rolls his own eyes right back. “I—I don’t like
If you asked him, Dean wouldn’t know what to tell you what he’d expected to happen. What he
there’s a guy three rows in front of him with perfectly tousled hair, eyes so pretty he could pick out three different shades of blue even from this distance, and a jawline he’s pretty sure could slice right through him. If it couldn’t, the stubble on the lower half of the guy’s face would probably burn so fucking
Anna sighs, shrugs her shoulders. “Nothing. There’s nothing else to do,” she says. “It’s either going to work, or it isn’t. There’s only one way to find out.”
“How did he find you, anyway? Springing up ten years into the past and all, I can’t imagine it was easy.”
as always you can find me on tumblr @mishastits
There’s a knock at the door.
Dean rolls his eyes, “I’m sure he won’t have a problem with it. He’s pretty estranged from his family from what I gather, I just haven’t gotten around to telling him. Or anyone at school, for that matter.”
overwhelm
Cas chuckles. “Yes, I think I do.”
Dean’s speechless for a few moments. “You sly dog,” he finally whispers, bending down to press their lips together again. “You plan on makin’ a screamer outta me, Cas?” he whispers.
Dean sighs, good and dramatic. He sits down across from Cas and sits his beer down on the table with more force than he should have. He laces his own fingers together, and opens his mouth. "Okay, Cas. What the fuck?"
Cas’ heart clenches. Purgatory was years ago. Dean has loved him for
Dean leans in close, and he’s sure Cas can smell all the sweat and grease he’s covered in. “Thought it was sexy when I got all dirty,” he says, low.
He finishes the toast anyway, because maybe if he finishes it, Cas will take that as a good sign and he won’t keep staring at Dean like he’s ready to drop everything and glue him back together.
for Cas, on the other hand, were a little harder to decipher. Did he truly reciprocate, or did he just like the idea that someone as, well,
Dean nods his head. “Yeah. I don’t think I’ve slept more than four hours a night since this whole thing started. Especially not since you got hurt,” he whispers.
Sam sighs and puts his fork back down again. “You need to talk to him.” This earns him an eye-roll from Dean, of course. “No, dude. Seriously. You need to figure your shit out, and then you need to talk to Cas. Tell him.”
“What?” Cas asks.
“You gonna dress up for Halloween?”
Once Cas has the sweats on, Dean stands there frozen for a second. Their faces are close, and his arms are around Cas right at his waist. He’s still holding on to the elastic of the sweatpants. He looks at Cas for a moment longer before he ducks his head, resting it in the crook of his neck, right where it meets his shoulder. He lets his arms come up to wrap all the way around Cas, laying his palms against the warm, damp skin of his back. “I’m so sorry, buddy,” he murmurs against the skin of Cas’ neck.
. The thought of that, man… I couldn’t. I
He takes a risk.
This is going to break Dean’s heart. He has to stay. This is the life he deserves. Surely, more Leviathan will be on him the moment Dean passes through the portal, assuming they don’t get ambushed again. They make their way there, and Dean keeps a tight grip on Cas wherever he can. His coat, his forearm, his wrist.
don’t tell me you let Garth drive my baby.”
Dean laughs.
Dean’s a little more sure he can actually read minds.
“Mm. Famks, Drrn!” Sam mumbles, his mouth full of food. Dean rolls his eyes.
Dean wakes up with a pounding in his head not unlike what he imagines it feels like to have your head bashed against concrete. Needless to say — not happy. But he thinks he hears sizzling coming from the kitchen, and then he
The bottle lands pointed directly at him. An eerie sort of quiet settles over the room while everyone waits with bated breath.
"Peanut butter and jelly," Cas answers automatically. This earns him a chuckle and a nod from Dean.
Dean sniffles. He leans back in to kiss Cas again. There’s no fucking
Dean freezes in the middle of the kitchen. He
seriously fucking gone this time. And Dean, he... He had pushed those parts of himself down so far, for so long before his father died. It only felt natural to keep shoving them down after he was gone.
“You’re always so kind,” Cas notes, sitting at the kitchen table with his hands folded on top of it. “I don’t even think you realize you’re doing it.”
Dean falls asleep that night still kicking himself for the smiley face.
he says, slapping his own hands over hers. “I’m— I’m not gay,” he lies. “You know that.”
The last of Dean’s clothing falls to the ground, and he walks forward to push against Castiel’s back. Cas takes the hint, and he scoots forward enough so that Dean has enough room to slide in behind him. Water sloshes over the edges as it displaces with the added body. He fits himself against Castiel’s back, his legs spread so that Castiel can lean against him, his back to Dean’s chest.
Dean cries out as Cas curves his fingers as he speaks, arching his back off the bed again. Cas continues, “I knew I would do anything for you. I would have done anything to protect you. I still would.” It’s a promise.
and the weight of his own unrequited confession looming over him, Dean truly thinks he’d snap if he had to look at Sam and his puppydog eyes right now.
Cas tucks his finger into the waistband of Dean's joggers, and then pulls the drawstring. He shoves them down Dean's thighs enough so that he can shimmy out of them the rest of the way on his own. What Dean does next is completely out of his control. He pushes Cas backwards until they land on his bed, and crawls on top of him. He's straddling Cas' hips and grinding their hips together as he grabs a fistful of hair and kisses him filthier than he's ever kissed anyone in his life.
For years he had convinced himself that Cas wasn’t something he could have. That Cas was too good for him.
“You like it,” Dean shoots back, swinging the door open as soon as they get to it. He’s been to Charlie’s enough times in the last four years to know that he’s allowed to treat it as his own and make himself at home.
It hurts so
witch, you — you said we could have another day. For us. Even if it’s just the one. So — knock it off. We have time,” he says, and he takes a deep breath. “There’s still time.”
“Dean…” she sighs, pinching the bridge of her nose for a moment before sinking back down into the couch. She sits with her elbows on her knees and her face in her hands. “You’re sure that’s where you want to go?”
"Dean, perhaps Sam has a point. You're quite pale, you should ea-" Cas' sentence is cut short because Dean's body has finally caught up with his fucking brain and he has launched forward, his arms wrapped tightly around Cas' shoulders so he can't float away.
Dean hears something glass shatter on the ground. “No,
Not even your father would believe half of it,” Missouri says. She sighs and levels him with a look, and Dean shrinks back into the couch. “Now,” she says, “I wanna help you boys. I do. But I don’t know
“More of what, Dean?” Cas prods, nipping at the skin of Dean’s thigh.
"Aw, Cas. You'll give a guy a big head if ya keep that up," Dean says, but he's bashful and Cas knows it. It's written all over his face.
Dean nods in understanding. He stretches his upper body to reach into the drawer of his nightstand, and Castiel marvels at the way his skin shifts over muscle and bone. He traces his fingertips between the slots of each of his ribs, thinks back to placing every single one. Dean is a work of art. Dean is a
Dean shakes his head. “Nah,” he says. “You don’t gotta do that. Besides, I’m sure we’ll have somethin’ figured out by then,” he adds, even though he hopes, hopes, hopes that they won’t. He knows how selfish it is, to want to keep Cas. He wants to tuck him inside of himself — maybe then he wouldn’t leave. If Dean could just — just hold all of the people he loves tight enough, maybe then he wouldn’t be alone. Maybe then, no one would leave him.
Jack’s been in this funk for weeks. Dean just bounces back and forth between being angrier than he's ever been about anything, and being so pathetically sad that he’d rather just lay in his bed and drink whiskey for hours on end. That’s what he does, most days. Days that he doesn’t need to make sure Jack eats, or showers, or does
“Shouldn’t we talk about this?” Castiel asks. They’re the only words he can find.
“Claire!” Cas calls from beside Dean in the kitchen. “Get down here!”
It dawns on Dean that he hadn’t even thought to ask that, and he huffs a little in disappointment with himself. “Philosophy,” Cas says, and Dean turns to look at him, mouth agape. “What’s yours?”
“Oh, honey,” Missouri says, and her eyes turn softer than Dean’s seen them the whole time they’ve been here. “That’s not what I meant at all. What you two have — I’ve never seen anything like it.”
Cas groans on top of him and spreads his legs so he’s straddling Dean’s waist. Dean feels him shake his head, but that just won’t do. “What if they figured out a way to save mom and Sam?” Dean complains. “You gotta at least let me up to go down there. You can stay and sleep, if that’s what you want.”
Jack doesn’t know this, and Dean tries not to think too hard about it, but he’s taking Jack to buy flowers. Not the kind you get in a bouquet and throw in a vase to die, no. They’re going to
“Yeah, but when? I mean — how long do I have to just — be alone? Before he comes home to me?” Dean asks, and he finally wraps his arms around Cas. Their fights never last very long. Dean can’t help himself. The physical pull toward Cas is like the world's largest goddamn magnet — he can’t resist it. He doesn’t even want to.
As he trails behind Dean to the kitchen, it starts to settle in. This is his life, now. He gets to have this. There’s nothing standing in either of their ways. They get to be here together, for as long as they both want. There’s no driving force in the universe that’s out to get them. For now, it’s just Castiel and the man with galaxies new and old spattered across his skin in the kitchen of the Bunker.
Dean swallows. That’s a loaded question. “Of you? No,” he says. It’s mostly true. “Of everything else? Fuck
Sam nods. “Thank you for keeping an eye on him, I really appreciate it. He’ll be back to normal in no time. Rowena’s a lot of things, but she’s not stupid. She’s got this,” he says, and it sounds like maybe he’s trying to reassure not only Cas, but also himself.
Dean rolls his hips up experimentally, and damn, if Cas’ eyes don’t roll to the back of his head. He moans around Dean’s dick, and Dean can see him grinding against the bed. That’s… God, that’s hot. “Can I…”
“More than I have time to explain,” Dean says, and then he pulls out his phone.
Dean’s grinning again. He doesn’t think he ever stopped. “You sly sonuvabitch,” he says. “You didn’t answer the first part. What’d ya bring me?” he repeats.
He trudges over to his closet and pulls it open. He ignores the worn leather jacket that had been shoved deep into his closet, so deep that it was locked in an all new metaphorical box of it's own. If Dean was going to address his sexuality, he had to do it without John's poisonous words seeping through. He pulls out an old hoodie and pulls his t-shirt over his head. He puts the hoodie on in its place and shoves his sweatpants down to his ankles, then his boxers. He sighs and pulls on clean underwear, and a pair of joggers Sam had gifted him last year for his birthday.
"Yeah. Needed it," is all Dean offers in response, mustard at both corners of his mouth. He puts his sandwich down to walk over to the fridge and grab a beer. When he comes back, Cas licks his thumb and reaches across the table, wiping both corners of Dean's mouth for him. Dean can't see himself,  but he's sure his entire face has just gone red.
Cas shakes his head. “Maybe when you’re sober, Dean. If you ask me again when you’re sober, I’ll say yes,” he says. “Would you like to go home, Dean?”
Dean digs his face into the crook of Cas' neck, breathing him in. "Missed you, buddy," he whispers, his arms settling around Cas' waist. "Does this mean I can touch you without worrying about you acting like you've been scalded?" he half-jokes, and Cas squeezes him a little harder in response.
Dean stares right back. “I do?” he asks. Maybe Aaron knows something he doesn’t.
The noises that fill the room can only be described as
a vessel. Not long ago, this body had been borrowed. It had been a place created to hold him when he needed to walk around in a body on the earthly plane. Now, this body belongs to him. He
He's stepping out of the shower automatically, and dripping water absolutely everywhere. He pulls the door open to see Cas clothed in nothing but his joggers from last night. It makes him smile.
“Yes,” Cas answers quietly, honestly. And then, “I’m sorry.”
“We could,” he nods, “Or you can let me drive you home while you rest.”
in this house, Dean, and you are
Then, all at once, Cas’ senses are full of Dean. He’s wrapped in a tight hug, and he’s genuinely surprised. This is the second time in the last twelve hours that Dean has hugged him. That’s more times than he’s hugged Cas in the last month, maybe two.
Dean gets lost in his thoughts for a while. He thinks about all the weird shit he’s noticed Cas doing over the last few months, and how a lot of it probably had to do with the whole… angel thing. He thinks as hard as he can about the Halloween party, but everything after Cas downing the rest of that bottle of shitty vodka is mostly blank. “What happened, the night of the Halloween party?” he asks quietly, after a few minutes of silence.
in the future, and you don’t bat an eye.”
Except, no. He wouldn’t. He loves Cas.
It doesn’t take long for their drinks to be done, and Dean carries them both over to their table. He puts Cas’ down in front of him, watches him take a drink, and laughs at the face he makes. “Dude, I told you it was awful,” he says, shaking his head. He sits down and pulls out his laptop, pushing his own drink across the table to Cas. “Try mine. You’ll like it better.”
Dean manages to put the bowl of popcorn on the other side of Cas without waking him. He shifts just slightly, and Cas stirs. Dean shushes him softly, lacing their fingers together. He doesn’t know why he does it. It just feels like what he should do. It feels like it would make Cas happy, so Dean doesn’t think twice about it.
“Anytime.”
“Yeah, man. Pre-law, good grades. Probably even got some friends. I’m real proud of ‘im,” Dean says, and he sniffles again. “Thank you,” he adds quietly.
Dean smiles awkwardly, because he's just. He's just standing there, in front of his very sleepy and
but it’ll be something.”
flowers. They’re going to the meadow where Dean spread Cas’ ashes when he died… last time. They’re going to sit, and remember Cas, and plant some damn flowers.
When breakfast is over, Dean stands to do the dishes, but Cas shakes his head. “I always do this, remember? It’s still early, you should go get some more rest.”
Garth’s present is super sweet, actually. It’s a picture of him, Dean, Cas, Anna, Charlie, and Benny at the first party of senior year that they all went to. It’s in a plain back frame and it has
He marches across the room to dig through his own bag for some clothes. He would get some out of Cas’ bag, but rummaging through his bag seems like a little too much of an invasion of privacy. He’s already infiltrated the guy’s dreams tonight, he doesn’t need to go pilfering through his shit.
to do, but he’s doing it anyway. He used to be able to close his eyes and see the exact shade of blue in his eyes. He used to be able to hear Cas’ voice so clearly in his head, but he realizes for the first time — he can’t hear that voice anymore.
“You’d just get in the way! I know you haven’t got a
After that, he's just trailing through muddy woods, it must have rained here recently. He's dirty, he's sweaty, and the fall chill against his damp skin is making him cold.
Dean rolls his eyes, he can’t help it. “Clothes, Cas. You don’t have any clean clothes. I came up here to tell you not to put the dirty ones back on before I went to get your bag,” he says, and because he just can’t help himself, he leans forward with one hand on Cas’ waist and plants one on his mouth.
starring Rachel McAdams, so Dean doesn't even bitch too much about it.
What he wants is exactly what he gets.
By early evening, before the sun has gone down completely, the snow is still coming down. They’ve wasted most of the day away sitting in front of the TV watching cheesy Christmas movies — it’s only a couple of weeks off. Missouri even makes them hot chocolate sometime after lunch, and she doesn’t say a word when Cas crowds so close to Dean that he’s essentially on top of him. Missouri decides to turn in early for the night, and she heads down the hall to her room. “You’re welcome to anything in the fridge,” she tells them, and the door to her room closes with a soft click.
And when Cas leans forward and kisses Dean slow and deep, it's natural. It's the way it's supposed to be. Everything clicks into place in his brain and he realizes, this is the way it's always been. There's never been anything different. They've always been doing this. They're together, of course they are. How could they ever have been apart?
Mary puts him down on her bed, and shakes her head. “Mommy’s staying in the house, baby. I just have to grab a couple things, and then you and me and Sammy are gonna go on a long drive,” she says. “Just stay here with him until I come to get you.”
over being human. To spend a millennia as a being that’s essentially invincible only to be knocked down a few thousand pegs to a human can’t be easy. Now Cas has to shower, shave, brush his teeth, eat, sleep,
He already knows that he’s useless, and he refuses to have Dean think he’s weak as well, even though he is.
“You took him away from me!” Jack cries, and his voice rattles the walls. “This is all on you! You did this! And now, you don’t even have the decency to tell me, or — or even
“Dean,” Cas breathes, flicking his gaze back and forth between both of Dean’s eyes. “I never thought…” he trails off.
"I'll have to make you watch it when you're sober. It's a beautiful film, Dean. One of my favorites." Cas smiles at him and tries not to look sad, but Dean knows that look. He's seen it on the faces of many women over the years. It's the look they all give him when he promises that he'll call, but they both know he won't. Like they're sad, but they've already accepted their fate.
They make small talk all the way to the diner, sharing soft smiles and gentle laughs. Dean opens the door for Cas when they get there.
Cas’ eyes prickle with tears as he leans back to look at Dean. “That’s the first time I’ve ever heard you say that,” he whispers, and he’s grabbing the lube at the same time. If they wait too much longer, they’ll have to go back to fingers.
He turns his head forward once more, and glances sideways at Sam. “Stay here with the kid, alright? I’ll leave Baby runnin’. He likes the noise, helps him sleep. He’ll wake up screamin’ if you turn it off, so don’t,” Dean says, and then he opens the door before Sam can smart-mouth him.
He misses the control he had over his vessel when he
“Should I—?” Cas asks, starting to fumble with his belt buckle. Dean keeps his eyes on him as he nods.
He nods his head, his frown deepening. “Alright,” he says quietly. “I’ll try later.”
He and Cas haven’t exactly had the sexuality conversation, but they really don’t need to. Cas seems even less interested in people in general than Dean is. He seems pretty excited for another game of spin the bottle, though, taking another swig with a smile on his face.
He sees it eventually, off in the distance. The building is in rougher shape than they thought. Dean's feet carry him faster without his permission, and he's running before he even realizes it.
Cas throws the empty bottle somewhere across the room, and scoots himself up to lay his head on one of the pillows. He pats the space next to him, “You aren’t sleeping on the floor, Dean. It’s fine.”
He takes Dean into his mouth then, as deep as he can. He got pretty practiced at this a while ago, and it’s nothing more than muscle memory when he nuzzles his nose into the coarse hair at the base of Dean’s dick. He’s on his knees with Dean’s cock down his throat, and he thinks that
Dean smiles and finishes up washing Cas’ more sensitive areas, before he scoots back up to be closer to his head. “Hey,” he says quietly. “Gotta wash your hair,” he explains.
He skits his fingertips along Cas’ forearm until they rest directly in the palm of his hand. He moves his head to look over at Cas, who’s just staring down at where their hands are touching.
Every day that goes by, Dean just wants to drop it. He wants to stop looking for a way to get Cas home. They’ve been together for the last three and a half weeks, and — Dean doesn’t want to let him go. He doesn’t want Cas to leave. This isn’t the first fight they’ve had about this.
Dean thinks, grinding harder onto the bed. He doesn't know about Cas, but he's close. He's going to come just from grinding on his bed with his best friend's dick in his mouth.
Sam’s just kinda staring at the ground, so Dean clears his throat and starts to shuffle up in bed. “Where’s Cas?” he croaks, and he feels like he hasn’t used his voice in days even though realistically there’s no way it’s been more than a few hours.
But then, Cas just pulls him into a hug. They're sitting on Dean's bedroom floor, and Dean is basically in Cas' lap. It would look absurd to anyone that might see them. Two fully grown men sitting on the concrete floor of the Bunker, just fucking
Dean gasps, spreading his fingers to flatten his palms against Cas’ chest. “But still, I—I can’t. I can't love you back, Cas, I wasn’t made to do that.”
Cas eventually pulls back to look at him, and his lips are pink and swollen. "So fucking beautiful," Dean hears, and he's about to start blushing until he realizes it was
“Yeah,” Dean admits quietly. “Me and him, it’s… a pretty messed up situation we got goin’,” he says, and there’s a weird sense of deja-vu when he says those words. He remembers, a long fucking time ago, an alternate version of himself saying that same thing.
Dean takes his face between both hands and presses a kiss to his mouth. “We can condition it if you want,” he offers. It gives them both a good excuse to touch each other a little more, and Cas gets his scalp massaged for a while longer.
Cas is probably just tired and weak. Probably just doesn't feel up to converse. Which is fine, Dean can give him some space if that's what he needs til he gets his strength back. Surely a night of sleep will help him. A little food, a little water, and maybe a half-decent night's sleep, and Cas'll be back to normal in no time.
“Fuck off, Sam.”
“Why haven’t you gone back for her?” Cas asks, sidestepping as best he can.
He might feel bad about this act of environmental vandalism if he didn’t have big plans starting to  percolate for this space. Anyway, most of what Dean and Charlie are clearing are invasive species – they’re doing the environment a favour.
are back?”
“You’re worried of what you’ll find at the end of the real trail, and you want to spare him?”
It’s nice to be reminded, especially at times like this.
“You’re really starting to worry me, Dean. Please, say something.”
What’s the point, that body was never Cas’s. Yeah they might have come to associate it with him, but it wasn’t. He reminded Dean very forcibly of that a couple of days ago. Just a shell for a bastard made of lighting and guilt and sacrifice.
Orcus spits on the floor, it fizzles, a distinct smell of sulphur and scorched earth rising from the ground.
The wolf bends down, fastens her jaws around his right arm and tugs, wrenches until the bone splinters off. Dean howls, an agonised scream. It excites the beast-women. They clap and laugh and howl their own noises of delight. The wolf holds out his severed arm to the others and they join hands with it, dance around his body.
He hasn’t said anything, but that look. That little look he’s had in his eye for the last while, angry, wistful, melancholy. She’s seen that look on a thousand brave women and men about to throw away their lives for some greater cause. And what is the end of the world if not a greater cause.
Mentally he isn’t much better. His head feels foggy with a loose, freewheeling sort of guilty dread. He’s used to waking up like that, it barely even bothers him anymore. There’s something else, though. Something he needs to remember. Something specific.
“No shit.”
Claire, meanwhile, is the picture of bubbly effervescence. After complaining about being forced to wait in the car, and then not even being allowed to stay in the front seat – because Sam wants Dean where he can goddamn fucking see him – she congratulates Dean on getting out of heaven alive.
(See the end of the chapter for
Now it’s Benny’s turn to laugh.
She pots the next one with Dean’s guiding touch, too, tries to one after that by herself and misses.
“I’m glad we cleared that up.”
If only, Lucifer muses, he’d noticed Castiel earlier, before the fall. He would have made a good recruit, before all the
“I spy with my little eye, something beginning with.....................................................”
The temperature difference is greatest the furthest from their points of contact, closest where they’re touching.
“He’s not 5.” Sam points out.
“It wants my grace so it can overcome Dean, rip him in two and turn him into a portal between worlds.”
“Is this line secure, can anyone else hear us?”
“He left the world’s vaguest note.”
“Cas, I don’t think—” Dean tries again.
Cas hopes the joke is enough to derail him, but of course he’s not the only person at the table.
“What about the sigil thing with the phone?”
“I haven’t – Dean talks to him every day, though.”
“You said there are two reasons. Two reasons for the nightmares and the forest.” Dean speaks up again, and his voice is rough but unwavering.
Sam checks his watch, swears and starts running. Dean parks the car up and follows on foot– he draws a little closer than he might on a usual hunt, confident that Sam is too distracted to notice him, and he’s right.
Dean picks at the label of his beer, trying to gather his thoughts. Sam and Charlie wait him out, know that prying won’t do any good.
And then he’s gone.
Dean curls in on himself even further and Cas curses. Shit. He doesn’t want to make this fucking worse.
“Yeah.” Dean’s tone has the carefully calm cadence of someone who’s trying very hard not to panic, and not quite managing it.
“Way I see it,” Dean says, lifting two pistols out of the bag and beckoning to Cas to come and stand with him about 20 yards away from the targets, “It’s too late to have this debate. I dunno exactly how many guns there are in this country, but it’s too many for anyone to have a hope of scooping them all up. Too many people are too invested in it. You could pass a law tomorrow and a handful of people would give up their weapons, sure, but the rest’ll just ignore it, break it on purpose. You can’t arrest ‘em all.”
He leads the way into his sitting room, invites them both to sit down. Sam perches himself on the worn sofa, Dean shakes his head, stays standing. Druiel accepts his reluctance with a nod, makes sure to leave the living room door open so he doesn’t feel trapped. He might be an angel, but he understands humans and their peculiarities very well.
Charlie peers at the laptop and the almost full mug next to it, decides to go for facetious instead of serious. “Googling indecipherable strings of nonsense and not drinking his coffee by the looks of things.”
“I – uh. Thanks.” It’s not every day Death compliments your cooking. “So – uh—”
“Hey, if you want to sit and listen to him complain about the correct places to put food for the next hour feel free.” Sam says. “I was trying to save you from a fate worse than death.”
Only to see Sam’s oversized face.
“Nothing wrong with keeping things clean, dude.”
“Shut up and cuddle me.”
The memories from last night take a few moments to settle, but once they do they bring a rush of shame and disgust. He’s
“You must have some idea.”
Cas hadn’t really noticed it, not on top of all of the other unpleasant sensations running amok under his skin, but now that Sam mentions it, he does feel gross. Clammy dried sweat everywhere, what’s probably dried vomit on his cheek and his scalp is itchy and his hair lank and greasy.
“Maybe it’ll clear up?” Cas says. He sounds sceptical
“He’s almost awake!”
Cahor leads them on a ragged chase – they arrive a few moments too late every time, don’t even see him. He’s moving faster than they can manage, and he will continue to. Angels don’t tire, unlike the all too human Charlie and Dean.
He hears Cas’s startled cursing as he runs out of the diner, hands still wet.
“I was just letting you guys know I was heading to bed.”
“Ruin what?” Cas asks.
Cas sighs.
“Yeah, but what is it?”
“Okay.” Dean nods vacantly. “Are you cool to go hunt us down a car – hack a rental or just take one off the streets, whatever you think is easier?”
“Do you want some Valium?”
Dean can never know the whole truth. If this is what just a little bit does to him, makes him throw himself drunk and angry into a situation that should have ended with him dead and that, that fucking animal on the loose. Well, he can never know the rest.
“Don’t make me.” He rasps, barely above a whisper.
Dean rolls over and scrunches up his face and Sam isn’t sure whether that’s a sign of something. Should he be springing up to action, or what?
Sam draws the car to a halt outside the bunker, kills the engine. Claire looks between the two of them, gulps and hops out. She throws a whispered good luck over her shoulder at Dean. He accepts it graciously, wondering when the hell she got her own goddamn key.
Dean doesn’t understand, it doesn’t make any fucking sense. They were doing okay, he thought. Maybe that’s just what he wanted to see, though. Maybe he was so pigheaded and desperate to have Cas back that he ignored his boundaries, pushed him too far and didn’t notice until he snapped.
He’s about to give up and go back when he hears a crash, something falling to the ground. He kicks the door open and sees Cas lying on the floor by the bed, eyes closed, belt tied around his arm.
“No, you haven’t.” Dean reassures him. “Just, I don’t know what to say.”
Dean looks at her with bleary, bloodshot eyes.
Sam and Dean exchange a glance. There’s no arguing that Cas is the strongest force of will either of them have ever met.
Please.
He isn’t there, of course he isn’t. Dean isn’t sure what he expected - for Cas to be sat there on the dirt floor while sparks flew and warding crackled? It’s just a shitty old abandoned barn. Empty of significance to anyone else alive.
seems to piss him off.
“Fucking hell. Doesn’t know when to quit, I’m gonna fucking—”
“It’s not. Well, not for you, anyway.”
“Sleep on the sofa then.”
Cas brings his hands up to carefully skate at Dean’s ribs, tentative, like he’s asking for permission. Dean lays his hands over Cas’s, carries on kissing him, thoroughly exploring the inside of his mouth, running his tongue over his teeth, skating gently along the roof of his mouth.
“He has
“Sam!” Dean snaps. “I’ve had a very long and fucking stressful few months and I’m tired. Keep trying to pick this fight with me, and I won’t even stay for a piss and a coffee, I’ll go now.”
Cas laughs. “Thanks for the helpful reminder.”
, throws the full weight of all his angelic conviction behind it. He’s the father of lies. He can make anything sound like the truth – and coupled with a face his victim trusts, well. He almost wants to fuck up somewhere to make it into a challenge.
“They might be able to cure my head.”
fix this.” Cas says, and there’s such monumental conviction in his tone that it gnaws at the doubt muzzily trying to settle in Dean’s gut.
Cas looks like he’s been punched and Dean swallows around the fucking lump in his throat that brings. This is what Cas wanted, so why is he looking at Dean like he’s the one getting his fucking heart broken?
“Impressive.”
“My name is Charbiel.”
“Hmm.” He grumps.
“Not invited to my own nightmares?”
Dean shrugs. “Less than twenty more than ten.”
Charlie finds an old, rusted tap embedded in the north wall and, with a bit of coaxing has it working by the time Dean comes back with an antique looking shovel, a pair of vicious looking garden sheers and a rucksack thrown over one shoulder.
Either way, Dean isn’t happy to see him.
And suicide isn’t wrong if it’s your only option, but often it only looks that way. Often there’s another out. It is, to Cas’s mind, an admission. It can’t get any better than this. I will never, no matter what happens, get better.
“If he really, deep down, thought that Cas was alive he wouldn't be like this. He'd be single fucking minded and throwing himself after leads and trails. He wouldn't be drinking himself half to death every night and picking fights with me.”
“I won’t ask this again, Cas. What else?” Dean hisses out through clenched teeth.
“S’too early to head back to the hotel. There’s another bar on the list, it’s not that near, but we can get a cab. It’s supposed to be really good.”
“I feel ridiculous.”
“Cas?” He sounds tired, hesitant. “Should I be worried?”
“If you’d just back me up,” Sam leaves the sentence trailing, patiently expecting Dean to pick it up. Dean says nothing, clicks on the indicator and turns onto the winding road that leads away from the bunker, out into the starry night sky. And still Sam waits patiently for him to answer.
“If he thinks I’m crawling under whatever very heavy thing you two idiots are decidedly failing to move, he’s even more stupid than I thought.” Cas grumbles.
“You look like someone just told you there’s a pie shortage.” Sam notes, as he slopes into the room.
“You two are just adorable.” Kayla reassures him gently, clearly able to see the panic on his face. “Now, are you going to mingle if I leave you here, or do you want me to take you round, introduce you?”
Cas tries to sit up again, but Dean won’t move his arm.
“Look who’s talking. I’ve got food on the go and I’m not even slightly tired. If I came back with you now I’d just be lying there staring at the ceiling.”
Cas stands up unsteadily. “I can help.”
"That hasn't stopped us before."
“Good for them. How’d they stop it?”
“So, should one of us call Sarah, get her in on this breakfast party, or will she still be asleep?” Dean asks, as he bats Sam out of the way and retrieves everything he needs for bacon pancakes.
Claire rolls her eyes, grits her teeth.
“Wow, Cas. Please sound less excited.”
“Yes, I suppose I will.”
“No, yeah I get that. And it’s not you, really. It’s. Look, I get that you aren’t going to change your mind, and that trying to make you do it is just gonna stress you out. But, I still think you’re making a dumb choice, and I keep wanting to have it out with you, tell you to stop being so goddamn stupid and just do the fucking spell with one of us. So I think a bit of distance right now would be good, just to give me a chance to come to terms with this choice you’re making, y’know.”
“But I have an idea.”
“Crowley.” Cas draws his blade, ready to strike.
“For once in your tiny, insignificant life, Dean, use your brain.” She snaps. “What do you think will happen to Castiel if word of this gets out that he’s resistant to angelic powers? Every last demon or angel with a lust for power will be after him – trying to learn his secret. You think he was hunted before? If this is revealed, every monster in creation will be trying to find him. And once they do, they’ll rip him down to atoms trying to extract it.”
“I’m sorry, Dean. I should have told you straight away, I hoped it was nothing.”
“What have you been saying to Dean?”
“Oh my god you philistine.” Dean groans.
It takes Cas a moment to process what’s happening. His brain refuses to accept it. It can’t be, he can’t have escaped. Dean promised he wouldn’t and Dean keeps his promises.
“Okay, well come on, let’s go to the bathroom and I’ll check it out.”
“So what, you’re saying you can’t do it?”
“Cooking.” Dean says, at the same time as Cas sneers, “Dean’s being an infantilising ass again.”
“I think it’s a miracle you’re still breathing! I think it’s a miracle you haven’t taken a gun to your head or thrown yourself off a cliff or ended up in an asylum somewhere, gibbering and giggling to yourself! Humans weren’t built to survive the kind of pressure that you have both endured, been
“It’s fun.” Cas swings his legs back and forth, peers over the edge of the Dare Devil Drop’s seats.
Dean rewards him for his hard work later that night, by pounding him into the mattress.
“That’s it. It seems noble, pouring hard work into the ground and hoping it yields something tangible in return. An incremental day by day progress towards something beautiful or something functional.”
He stays for a few days in each place, never quite making it to the exact spot, but hanging close enough around. Near enough that if Cas was there he would definitely be able to find Dean.
“You any idea where he went after that?”
“You’re the one who packed them.”
“But?”
“There must be a way out.” Crowley muses. “Portal spells are usually pretty easy to break.”
“I’m gonna get him so fucking drunk, make him get something real embarrassing.” Dean says, grinning.
“Oh.” Alex gives his thumb another few sucks and then observes. “Your hand is hurt. That means you fought back.”
Cas nods, allows himself to be rearranged and manhandled into a comfortable position.
Cas manages to groan out, rough voiced and shaky.
“Actually, I’m kinda beat from driving. Wanna rest my leg for the hunt, y’know?”
Charlie and Cas exchange a look and bust out laughing and just don’t stop. Every time one of them starts to calm down they catch the other’s eye and set themselves off again.
They stay folded together like that for longer than either would care to admit. They’ve missed each other, the solid, physical presence of the person they love. Dean can actually feel the tension easing out of his body with every breath – he hadn’t realised how tightly wound this was making him, how much he just needed Cas’s fucking touch.
The blindfold stays on as he’s eased into the car, throughout the journey too.
Knowing that’s he’s saving it for when Lucifer tries to kill Dean.
Sam thrusts the keys into Dean’s hand and beats a hasty retreat.
Dean bites gently at the tip of his nose, takes two firm handfuls of his ass. He massages, but makes no attempts to start stretching Cas out. He’s in the mood for getting fucked tonight, he just hopes Cas is on the same page.
“Wow, harsh.”
“You two are gonna be hammered.”
“No fatal shots, I get it.” Charlie replies, checking her own weapon.
“Um, you, uh, want a hand getting in?”
“’Cause Cas woulda fucking killed me.”
“He drove you from South Dakota to the coast?” Cas asks, and Dean snorts, considers not correcting him and just letting him think Bobby was that awesome.
“Bath sounds okay.”
He brings his hands up to his eyes to wipe them, as if he doesn’t believe what he’s seeing. And then with no visible provocation or warning he howls out a scream of pain like they’ve never heard from his mouth before, and then he passes out. Properly, this time.
“I am trying to be merciful. My control is erratic – I could knock myself and Dean out but it’ll get you too. You’ll be unconscious and they’ll be furious at having us snatched away.”
Sam murmurs soft, sad noises over the small collection of books. They’re not arcane tomes; any of those got put back in the library when Cas and Dean switched rooms. These are Dean’s personal collection. His Vonneguts and Kerouacs and other, more surprising titles. Little portable paperbacks that he’s picked up on the road and, for one reason or another, clung on to. Sam flicks open what’s left of a battered copy of Slaughterhouse-Five, the front and back are gone, but there’s still a chunk of the middle hanging onto the binding. He can see Dean’s scrawling, childhood handwriting, annotating the text.
He’s being really fucking annoying, so Cas does the first thing he can think of to shut him up. He kisses him.
He keeps up the pretence of desperate carelessness while maintaining a wary eye on his surroundings, dodges the vines swaying gently in the windless dusk, the uneven patch of leaves that could be a natural disturbance, or which could be disguising a pitfall trap.
“Touchy, touchy. The room I think he keeps the spell in is nearby – and if it’s not in there, well, we’ll just have to look the old fashioned way.”
“What?” Charlie cuts in. “Tell me.”
Lucifer reappears with a rustle of feathers.
“Guys, tell Cas I’m not predictable!”
One instant he’s static, breathing in and out, heartbeat steady. Cas has a moment of warning, a brief shudder of escalating pulse and then Dean becomes a kinetic force, limbs flying, kicking, punching and even biting.
“I’m sorry.”
“My, my. We have learned some manners.”
“Nah. I’m good.” He slurs.
“It was a joke, Dean.”
“Oh, so now you believe he didn’t do it, huh?”
Dean heaves in a few deep breaths. He’s not going back, he’s decided that. But that doesn’t mean he’s skipping out entirely. He’s gotta make sure Cas is safe first. He’s gotta catch the guy, get him locked down. He’ll deliver him to the bunker’s door. And then… and then that’s that.
“Hardly fair to Cas if I don’t, is it? Me getting to sit there drunk off my ass while he’s suffering.”
“Sweet.”
Sam and Cas seem to be enjoying themselves, though, so he keeps his complaining to a minimum.
He doesn’t have the energy to put up a fight, lets himself be bundled into the backseat of the Impala. His baby’s rumbling engine doesn’t do his headache any favours, but that’s not the car’s fault. That’s all on him.
“That he was asleep.”
“Don’t flinch!” Cas hisses, as quietly but as pointedly as possible.
“Couldn’t you borrow it a little longer?”
“That’s not...” Sam starts, but trails off. Not relevant, not true? He’s not sure what he was going to say, not sure whether either would be right.
It comes down to the fact that he’s putting Cas in danger again, even more so than usual. First he went and gave him the Blade – and of course he did, there’s no one he’d trust more to hide it away safely. Which is not to say that he doesn’t trust Sam, he does, of course, but Cas, well, he’s always been good at hiding things.
“You’re like a fucking cat.”
Charlie kicks him very hard in the shin and he flashes back to a
“How the fuck should I know?” Dean snaps, eases back. “It’s my fault, I shoulda known he’d be sketchy around people. Should never have suggested it.”
Sam turns it back down.
Dean doesn’t have too long to wait before the angel returns. There’s a crackling noise and the flames go out – and instantly Dean feels a thousand times better. No pain, no nothing. Well, that’s new. And he had no idea holy fire was so painful for angels – makes looking back to
Charlie, or a shifter hijacking her vocal chords.
“I don’t lose to Sam.” Dean defends his wounded pride.
Unless, unless, unless.
Cas gets as far as to ask, before Dean surges forwards and crushes their mouths together in a frenzied kiss.
He moves as rapidly as he can while still being smooth. Yeah they might be about to summon an angel to fix Cas up, but that doesn’t mean he wants to do more damage in the meantime. If Cas ended up dying on Sam’s watch, Jesus, Dean would fucking rip out his kneecaps – or worse. Once he’d finished dealing with whoever started this off in the first place, of course.
“Clearly not. He buy anything else?”
Dean’s mental gymnastics are for nought anyway, as Cas decides he’d rather stay standing. Which is fine, Dean thinks, swallowing down the,
It’s Dean, or what’s left of him.
Eventually the storm abates and Cas stands, swaying and unsteady on his feet. Dean is breathing properly now, getting quicker with each inward pull. His hand comes up to claw at the Mark, digs in and scratches, gouges until he starts to bleed. Sam tries to pull his hand away and Dean snaps his teeth together and scrabbles ineffectually. Sam bats his hand away and he snarls, but weakly. Cas looks at the Mark, sees a barely there glow, counts, one, two, three, four. The instant the light leaves, so does the animating force behind Dean and he slumps back, asleep.
“Charlie gave me the idea – it was the only way I could be sure.”
“So it seems.”
She turns back to the menu screen and carries on scrolling down the list.
“Yes.” Cas.
“Why are the wildlife up this early? Haven’t they heard of sleeping in?”
“You weren’t joking about being hungry.” Dean notes, as he snatches up the last one before Cas can get his paws on it.
“What took you so long?” Crowley sneers when Dean finally returns.
“So does that mean that it’s a great big, glowing target on angel radar?” He’s trying not to sound as nervous as he suddenly feels.
“I’ll keep watch over you tonight.” Cas supplies.
“Even after – what about Cahor?”
They drag the bikes off the trail and fuck beneath the forest canopy. She pushes Sam to the ground and rides him athletically, informing him with a grin that if anyone is going to get their naked ass covered in leaves, it isn’t going to be her. So, of course he grabs a handful, rubs them into her back and laughs. She tuts at him, moves his hands up to her breasts and encourages him to knead them.
Cas asks, and he’s genuinely miserable, because the memory Lucifer is forcing him to relive is not a pleasant one.
“No. I get – got – headaches all the time.”
So instead of being a dick he fits his arms under Cas’s back and legs and carries him to the car. Cas grunts something vaguely triumphant sounding and that’s just a step too far. Dean pinches the back of his knee. His left eye opens a crack and Dean has to stifle a laugh. It’s the exact same look his first high school squeeze’s cat used to give him when he accidentally woke it up climbing into her room at ass o’clock in the morning.
“So then Dr Sexy—” he trails off as he realises he’s lost his audience.
Cas doesn’t reply with words, just manic fucking laughter.
They try and move it further, but Dean is too drunk to get it up, and instead of being any use, Cas just flops Dean’s cock back and forth in his hand, giggling and saying the word ”flaccid” over and over again in different, and appallingly inaccurate, accents.
“You know the ingredients I need, you know their properties, individual and together. You don’t need me to tell you.”
She nods. “It looks like it.”
”Who says I started in the bar.”
Okay. So that’s where Dean’s going to start. He wasn’t prepared last time, and that’s on him, but he’s going to make sure that doesn’t happen this time. He can’t let Cas down, not again.
People who he can’t let down by not even fucking trying.
“I – I’m not sure. I think I was trying to stop the itching. I didn’t even notice until afterwards.”
It’s not beyond repair – not the physical walls, or the bedframe. The unimportant things. Their possessions though, photographs and weapons, books, notebooks, little souvenirs and trinkets, even their clothes. It’s all gone. Burned or broken into so much shrapnel and kindling.
“Of course.” She notices he’s only wearing one layer – a short sleeved t-shirt – unheard of for a Winchester and also not exactly suited for living in an old ass concrete bunker. He must be freezing.
He casts around for a good lie, but his brain is stuttering, stumbling. The
“Oh, uh.” And now he feels like a fucking idiot. He hadn’t been making notes. He was just reading around, trying to learn what he could. He admits as much to Sam, expects to be chastised.
And he’s drunk, great. Sam doesn’t know why he bothers to be fucking surprised.
It’s transcendent, the same sort of feeling he gets standing in the middle of a thunderstorm, the unrestrained barrage of power and the powerful, crackling smell, ozone or gasoline. He feels like an angel again, feels indestructible and unmatchable.
“Anything you can do to help?”
It would be hard, he knows that. Not physically – he’ll be bound and defenceless, Dean will have seen to that. It shouldn’t be mentally hard, either. Not after everything that Cahor did. The real Cas, the old Cas would have been brimming with righteous fury. He wouldn’t have cared how weak his body was, he’d have dragged himself down here on his hands and knees on that very first day. Taken his blade and plunged it into Cahor’s chest and ended things.
Cas’s frown reaches peak
“So what if I did? What’s one less dirty little faggot roaming the streets?”
“We’re not going to a strip club.” Charlie says quickly, “I have my line. That is my line.”
He tells himself that he’s busy, that he’s at a crime scene, that he doesn’t have time.
“Yeah, and in the time it took to do up the belt maybe someone would’ve got shot.”
“No, it’s great. See, my own personal tap of healing juice. Wonder how long it’ll take me to bleed it dry, huh? Maybe it’s infinite. Maybe I’m immortal now. Won’t that be
“Look, I said yes, okay. You can do it.”
“Sure thing, boss.” In the half-light Maria’s eyes look almost black, and her manager shivers, turns away.
“He left on foot. No car, no vehicle. Nothing.”
“Thoughts?”
Dean smirks back at her, calls. “Dean. And, uh, I never caught your name.”
“Is that any way to greet an old friend?”
The fucking drunk passes out on him and suddenly Tar is worried. Kicking the shit outta some drunk vomsack yeah, mugging him, yeah. Murder, that ain’t what he’s about. No-one’ll give a shit if some drunk out of town asshole rolls up at the copshop whining about his brand new iPhone. They gonna give a shit if he turns up dead.
“Just checking you were still there.”
“Dean, if you don’t stop this car at the next diner I am going to eat the upholstery.”
To this end he strips Cas down – peels his socks off carefully, follows that with his jeans and t-shirt and underwear and then does the same to himself.
“Not unless you have viable tear ducts.”
Dean grins. “I can get down with that.”
He’s in the kitchen and he doesn’t know how he got there. Time skips, that’s new. He should be panicking about that, but he’s not. He needs to find Dean—
“Hurry up then.”
“Okay.” She agrees, reluctantly. “Just until morning, and then I’m getting as far away from here as possible.”
“Please don’t?”
“Uh, I think you already took it out on half the hunters in the Chicago area, Cas, judging by the state of your knuckles.”
“Or maybe he turned into a fucking flying monkey and flew away.”
“Let me patch you up first.”
“The book is an inanimate object—”
He doesn’t reply.
“I could build one, here for you. Clear out the space, dig it out. It’d be a good excuse for you to get outside, spend some time in the sun, the fresh air.”
She doesn’t soften a bit at the broken noise Dean makes at that. They found Cas, and he was alive. That was supposed to be it. Hannah patches him up and they get up and go and everything is back to normal.
“I’m breaking up with you.”
Dean concedes with a shrug.
“A stress ball?”
Dean rests their foreheads together again, whispers into the breathy silence between them.
“Why not?”
“This isn’t going to work if your reaction to me telling you I’m upset is just to punch yourself in the face and hope I don’t mind you bleeding all over me. I know it’s your tried and tested method, but it doesn’t actually help either of us. What does help, is you
“I don’t think that’s how friction burn works.” Cas points out through gritted teeth.
“You know what, I’ll sort the rest of these by myself, thank you, Sam.” He turns to grab his clothes to leave and Sam grabs him by the shoulder to stop him.
Dean spends a couple of hours cycling through the “piss Dean Winchester off” greatest hits, calling at all stations from
“If you can feel it,” Dean says slowly, “then what about him?” Dean won’t say Cahor’s name out loud, like this is Harry fucking Potter or something.
“You’re suggesting that I weigh a hypothetical and unlikely attack against the very real danger of this spell hurting Dean.”
The angel grins.
Sam checks the temperature of the water with his elbow, and okay, Cas isn’t a baby, but he’s fragile and the last thing he needs is a fucking burn or something. It seems fine, so he turns off the taps.
Cas hurries over, surveys her work.
“Yeah, well. She’s gonna have to un-do that and take us along for the ride next time. We can’t just fucking walk out of here with a guy bleeding in a net covered in occult looking symbols.
Dean doesn’t get up from the bed this time. He lies, immobile, and howls. Every muscle cords and bulges, like he’s pinned down by some supernatural force, or like he’s still in the throes of sleep paralysis. He lies there, roaring his displeasure, for a few minutes and then, finally, he seems to gain some control of his limbs.
“SAM!” He tries to shout over the din, but the demon tightens its grip on his throat, reduces him to a gasp. Sam doesn’t hear him, too busy grappling with his own demons. Dean is facing the other way, deliberately avoiding looking at him, or just coincidence, Cas doesn’t know.
“He’s not dead.”
Any thoughts he had of not coming back for the second session are banished as he screeches to a braking halt at the end of the track.
Cas sounds so stoic, pointlessly so. Whatever blank and implacable wall he’d thrown up around himself earlier is gone. Lucifer is so closely knitted into him that he can feel every little tremble and tick. Can feel exactly how much this hurts.
Cas turns to face the screen, and sees that it has timed out, assumed his lack of interaction meant he was satisfied with his photo. He groans, steps out of the booth and waits for it to whirr and hiss and make some frankly alarming clattering sounds as it prints.
“Where are Dean and Sam? What have you done to me?”
“Maybe when you’re feeling better, we can call him again. You can talk to him.”
“Yeah. What did you say – he fucking destroyed my phone, smashed it against the wall until it was just broken glass and plastic.”
“Yeah, buddy.”
Dean pulls Cas closer by the ties of the bath robe, fits his hands around the curve of his ass and kisses him, quick and filthy. Cas makes a little grunt of surprise but then gets with the program. He participates enthusiastically, walking Dean back until he’s against the counter. Dean hops up to sit on it, wraps his legs around Cas and squeezes him tight. Cas threads his hands into Dean’s hair, gives it a little tug and then uses it to pull his head back, so he can mouth at his neck, scrape his teeth lightly over his clavicle.
“You’re freaking out about this more than I am.”
“What the fuck did you do that for?” Dean recoils, horrified, ashamed. Wondering where the fuck that all came from.
“I think you need to go and get this guy – keep Cas safe.”
“I’m gonna put you down now.” He says into Dean’s collarbone.
“Well, Castiel has made some very questionable choices. He’s made a lot of mistakes and caused a lot of damage. He always tried to do the right thing, but sometimes it was hard for him to understand what that was. Dean had been the one to teach him the meaning of free will, so he’d been trying to work out what that meant for himself. A lot of the time, he didn’t know what direction to go. And sometimes, even when Dean told him the right way, he still chose the wrong option. He thought he was wiser, thought maybe he knew better than Dean. He knows now, that’s not true.
Cas smiles a little but he shrugs, “I’m not all that worried about ‘chicks’,” he says, complete with air quotes, which makes Dean chuckle.
Dean stands up off the porch, dusts himself off, and readjusts his beanie for what’s probably the thousandth time tonight. “I’m gonna walk home,” he says. “Garth’s designated driver, he can drive you home in Charlie’s car. Just… let everyone know I’m headed home.”
Nothing crazy happens, both of their eyes slide closed and they kiss softly, sweetly. There’s no fireworks, Dean doesn’t feel like Cas’ touch is electric, and the way Cas moves his lips is almost painfully tender. For a moment, Dean isn’t entirely sure he’s not back in his dream life, and he wonders if maybe when he opens his eyes he’ll wake up alone in his bed with a baby crying across the hall, much like he has every day Cas has been gone. Though, somewhere inside himself, he knows this is real. It feels natural, like this is where they were always meant to wind up.
He tucks Dean closer to his body, pets his hair, and shushes him back to sleep. He promises himself he’ll have a hot mug of tea straight from the kettle as soon as Dean wakes up with a scratchy throat.
Yeah, he can't imagine that going over very well, so he doesn't. He'll get around to it.
After a couple of minutes when the bathroom is full of steam, Cas pulls Dean into the shower and under the warm spray of water. Their lips barely leave each others' for the first five minutes of the shower. The whole time, all Cas can think about is how happy he is. His brain is foggy, like the cloudiness of being hungover never quite left. It's getting harder and harder to think straight, but right now he can attribute that to Dean's naked skin being pressed flush against his own.
he’s just gone through something thoroughly traumatic, he’s not an idiot. He’s been through plenty of trauma in his life already, so he knows this feeling. The numbness, the jumpiness. He knows how to handle it. But the way Cas is looking at him right now? He resents it. Cas looks like he’s putting Dean, and it pisses him off. He’d pretty much witnessed his father’s murder when he was
It doesn’t click in his head for a long time that they’re romantically involved. They lay in bed together, thighs pressed together as they watch whatever show Dean has decided to binge this week. When Dean wraps an arm around Cas, he just leans into it and doesn’t question it. Why would he? This is everything he’s always wanted and more. He has no reason to question it.
The rest of the hour passes them by in a similar manner, and when the episode ends, Dean stands. He offers a hand to Cas to help him off the couch because he’s a fucking
Castiel has never felt pleasure like this in his life. It consumes his whole being, and he can feel it as deep as he’s ever felt anything. He bears down on Dean’s cock and feels splashes of hot liquid coating his own chest. He can hear Dean saying something, but it’s hard to focus on over the intensity of his orgasm. He thinks he might be screaming, he knows for
Dean jerks away from her grip.
Dean has no idea what he’s doing when he says, “Of course. You always do,” as if it’s the easiest thing in the world. What’s scary is that it kind of is. Without filtering his desire for physical touch with Cas, it seems his verbal filter has gotten the memo as well.
“My name… My…” Dean trails off this time, and Cas is pretty sure he hears a sniffle through the door, “I don’t know,” he hears. And then again, “I don’t know.”
Now there’s nothing he can do for anyone but put his trust in a witch he just met a few days ago and hope for the best.
Dean. The real one. He doesn't look.
“Rough one, huh?” Dean asks finally, and the tub is full enough now that only the tops of Castiel’s knees poke out of the water. He’s enveloped in clean, warm water, and he feels himself relax involuntarily, if only by a fraction.
Dean cuts him off, "No, Sam. Go see your girl. I'm fine. Just need to adjust to Cas being back. I was grieving, you know? It's weird for that to just... stop. Because he's back, there's nothing to grieve now, he's back and I-" Dean cuts himself off so he doesn't start crying, because he can feel the lump in his throat.
Dean exhales and nods, suddenly jittery. "Right, yes. God, me too," he says, "But we need lube. I have some in my room," he says, moving to climb off of Cas. "You stay here. I'll be right back."
The last four letters have been crossed out.
that’s been going on between them since 2008. They’d give each other a quick kiss before they went into a vamp’s nest, or hold hands across the table while having breakfast, but they essentially remained the same.
“Um, hi, is this Mrs. Milton?” Dean asks. His voice sounds small, pinched off.
“Cas?” Dean mumbles. “It’s three o’clock in the morning, babe, what’re you doin’ awake?” he asks, and even through the blanket thrown over his head, Cas can see the light peek through when he hears Dean click on the lamp.
He opens his eyes to see Cas smiling up at him. He’s resting his head against Dean’s thigh, happy to just watch his face as he gets him ready for what’s to come. Dean feels the prickle of his stubble every time he shifts a little, and it burns
Dean bites his lip and whimpers, rolling his hips down to meet Cas’ fingers as he starts to thrust. “Th-
I try to bring someone home for goddamn
Sam sighs. "I don't know. I really want to wait until morning, Dean. I don't like this."
“Yeah, it is,” Dean sighs, and he pulls some of the blankets back over on himself. “You never wake up in the middle of the night. You sleep like a rock, dude, what’s up?” he prods, and he ducks his own head under the covers to look at Cas’ face.
Cas opens his mouth and he looks like he's about to start speaking, but Dean beats him to it. "And this last time, I don't know. It felt different. It felt... final. Like that was it, I'd never get you back," his voice breaks and he pulls Cas in closer. Closer, like he wants Cas to crawl right underneath his skin and live there forever. Maybe then, Dean wouldn't worry every second of every day that Cas was going to be taken from him again. He continues, "I didn't know what to do with myself, buddy. Sam was lucky to get me to eat every other day. I think I showered twice, the whole time you were gone. It was pure luck that I showered the night before you came back," Dean laughs through his tears for a moment, and he can feel Cas shake with a gentle laugh, too. He thinks he can feel wetness on his chest, but he can't be sure.
Cas sighs again and relaxes further into him, rubbing circles into his back as they embrace next to the running water. There’s steam pooling up from out of the sink from where the water’s heated up, but neither of them seem ready to let go yet. Without looking at him, Cas says, “I meant it. I love you, all of you,” he whispers into Dean’s skin, his lips brushing the bare skin of his neck.
It comes to a complete and sudden stop, and on instinct, Dean throws his eyes open.
Dean just smiles through his tears and shakes his head. "Cas, buddy, I-" He's choking on his own words. He can't get them out. The ghost of his father is shoving them back down his throat. "I don't want you to stop. I- I just," he shakes his head. He grabs Cas' wrist and lays his face in the palm of his ex-angel's palm. Butterflies erupt in his stomach, beating themselves against his ribcage and his heart. He leans into Cas' touch and more tears slip down his cheeks. He seems to have at least caught his breath.
“Alright, then,” Dean says quietly, and he flips open both sides of Castiel’s robe to expose his chest. Castiel is still hard, and his cockhead rubs against his abdominal muscles as he shifts in Dean’s lap. It’s silly, he knows, to still feel flustered after Dean’s already seen all of this — already
He hears more than sees Dean swallow, and his chest tightens when Dean’s hand comes up from his waist to rest directly over his heart. “Keep going,” he asks, his voice hoarse. Cas can’t see him, but he thinks he feels wetness on his shirt.
as always, thank you for reading and im sorry if you hate it! this whole thing is just very self indulgent because i wanted a djinnverse fic and ive read a good number of the ones on ao3
Brooke is sitting in the center of the room with a bowl in front of her, and sigils drawn on the floor in either white chalk or maybe it’s just paint, he can’t really tell. She’s sitting in the center of something that looks similar to a really complicated Devil’s trap. There’s candles placed at each point of the star in the middle of the circle, and they flare up and flicker at seemingly random intervals. There’s liquid in the small bowl in front of her, and she sits cross-legged leaning over it. Anna’s sitting across from her, outside the circle.
“You goin’ home for Thanksgiving?” Dean asks tentatively. Cas hasn’t said two words about his family, or even where
Anna laughs against him, but she nods her head. “If all goes well, I should be back within an hour,” she explains. “The wards aren’t going to allow me to fly directly back into the house. You’re going to have to answer the door when I get back.”
After he can't put it off any longer, Dean creaks the passenger door open and closes it as quietly as he can. They all pilfer through the trunk for extra weapons, things to slow the Djinn down if it gets the drop on them. Dean's stomach feels like a bottomless pit. He isn't ready, he knows he isn't. He doesn't want to be here. But he is, so he's going to do what he has to do.
“Are you not gonna eat?” Sam asks, and he’s still standing in the doorway.
Dean can’t stop himself from falling asleep, comforted by the fact that Cas should be back, in bed with him, holding him, in just a few minutes.
(See the end of the chapter for
there’s a lot of time skipping in this chapter — sorry! but the good news is we’re starting to finally dig into the actual meat of the story. a lot of your questions will be answered this chapter. but a few more will pop up. thanks for sticking with me so long, and this chapters another doozy at almost 10k words. hope you enjoy!!!
“What did you do?”
Yeah, Dean can't argue with that. Now that Cas doesn't have his Angel Strength, he can't do as much heavy lifting as he used to be able to. Now he just has the body of the accountant Jimmy Novak, who wasn't necessarily scrawny but definitely didn't have the type of strength it takes to dig graves with relative ease. "Yeah, man. I know, but I'm used to it. It probably blows for you. Go get clean, man. You'll feel better." Dean walks away from the bathroom and back toward the table to plop down across from Cas.
Once he’s got it wet enough to shampoo, he takes quite a bit more than he normally would for his own hair and lathers it between his hands. Cas’ hair is thicker and longer than his own, and also greasier than his usually is when he washes it.
doesn’t care to think about. He can feel the beat of the music in his chest, and he grins. It’s gonna be a good night. A great one, even.
Cas beams. “Yes! Exactly, Dean. See? You’re getting it. Are you sure you need my help?” he questions, furrowing his brows and tilting his head to one side.
She nods, “Yeah. Right here,” she says, and she pulls them out of a bag slung over her shoulder. She walks to Anna and puts one in each pocket, and then she tucks some hair behind Anna’s ear. “You’ll be safe,” she says quietly. Dean just watches them.
It wouldn’t be the most outlandish thing he’s learned over the course of the past few weeks, that’s for sure. It honestly makes sense, if he lets himself think about it. His mother’s always been a little jumpy. Any time there’s a sudden loud noise, she tries to hide it, but she scopes out her surroundings. She makes sure she’s not in danger, that her kids aren’t in danger.
Thus far, senior year really hasn’t been that much different. The only thing that’s changed is that he’s so much closer to just being
Dean closes the door behind them once they’ve made it to their room, and he lets his towel drop to the ground. Cas’ eyes rake over his body like he’s hungry. It makes Dean want to hide, or at least put some clothes on, but he just lets Cas look. He figures he owes that to him, at least. He walks over to the edge of the bed to stand in front of Cas where he’s sitting now, his towel discarded at his feet on the floor.
Cas swallows and cups Dean’s cheeks with his hands. He looks at him —
Cas launches into an explanation about Hellenistic art, about how its sculptures emphasized natural yet extremely expressive movement. He describes that Hellenistic art also does its best to depict realistic body parts in idealistic manners. Dean cocks his head at that, at the contradiction, so Cas pulls up a photo of a sculpture called Laocoon and His Sons. He gets it, then. It looks like a real body, but the dude is just
when it comes to board games,” Dean laughs.
"Of course, Dean. I trust you," Cas says softly. He leans up just slightly to seal his lips against Dean's. They stay like that for a while, just kissing tenderly and holding one another.
of band tees (Zeppelin, fucking classic) and heads out to grab something to eat.
For the first time, but certainly not the last, Dean doesn’t sleep the rest of the night.
Everything is finally, well and truly,
Dean shakes his head, but then realizes Cas back is turned to him and that he’s starting to
Sure, he's felt a little off today, maybe. It's been a little different, of course. But it isn't bad, it's kind of perfect. So why would he question it? There's nothing wrong. How could anything be wrong about the way Dean looks at him? About the way Dean touches him? There's nothing wrong. Everything is as it should be. Dean's sheets have always been gray, Sam's had a beard for a while now. He remembers, he does. And Dean has always taken care of him in small ways. They've always sat a little too close, always invading each other's space. They've been doing that since the beginning.
Reluctantly, Cas stands up off the couch and heads for the door without so much as a backward glance at Dean. Regardless, Dean follows him all the way out the door and down to the car, which he leans against for support. He’s more drunk than he thought. Now that he thinks of it, he’s probably blacked out. He’s not sure how much of tonight, if any of it, he’ll remember at all.
(He kind of wants to be all over that, anyways. That doesn’t mean he’s going to admit it to anyone, including himself.)
bought me one?” he asks, standing up off the couch to head into Dean’s room to search.
They walk in comfortable silence, the both of them just happy to not be alone. Every so often, Cas will point out a type of flower in a garden in front of someone’s house, and he’ll go on a tangent about it. Usually, Dean can get annoyed at the sound of someone’s voice pretty quickly. Cas has a voice like butter, though, so he listens intently and even retains most of what Cas is telling him.
"However you do is fine," Cas says, and the coffee is done. Cas gets two mugs out and fills one of them. He picks it up and walks it over to Dean before pouring his own cup and sitting at the table. He sips and waits for Dean to be done cooking, looking content.
Dean whispers, "Wake up, buddy. Come on, wake up," over and over like a mantra as he cards his hands through Cas' hair. He doubles over and presses his own forehead to Cas', headbutting him gently a couple of times. "You gotta wake up, Cas."
Dean whimpers, gripping Cas’ hair. He wonders if maybe he’s being too harsh, but Cas just hums around the dick in his mouth, and yeah, that feels pretty fucking good, so Dean’s not gonna question it. He tugs a little harder and looks down to see Cas staring up at him through his eyelashes. Cas comes to a slow stop, only keeping the head of Dean’s dick in his mouth.
i’m sorry these chapters are so wildly long i KEEP getting carried away. anyways here’s this. i hope u enjoy it, whatever the fuck it is
Cas shrugs. “Nothing, really. I can be convincing when I need to be,” he excuses. “Anna’s in room 305.”
Dean does. He makes Sam’s plate first, just like he always does. Sam’s waiting at the table and he starts shoveling food into his mouth instantly. “A
He hears Mary swallow. “I love you, too, kiddo. Don’t ever forget it. Talk soon,” she says, and the line goes dead.
“It’s healthier, Dean. At least I won’t die of heart disease before I hit fifty,” Sam rolls his eyes and goes back to his food. Cas just watches them both fondly, happy to have a moment of calm in their otherwise hectic lives.
“I love you back,” Cas says. He smiles.
Cas turns to him, stiff and red faced, his mouth open like he’s trying to find something to say. Dean’s brows furrow and he squeezes Cas on the shoulder, “Hey, what is it buddy? You need some air?” he asks. He knows the signs of a sick drunk, and Cas is about halfway to having the exact look on his face.
Castiel has seen every wonder of the world that there is to see. He’s watched the construction of the Great Pyramids, he helped hand-carve the Grand Canyon with his own hands. None of it even comes close to the beauty between his legs, Castiel’s greatest creation.
She sounds a lot more scared than she looks. “You have to send help!” she cries, her face straight. “It’s the house, god. It’s on fire. My—my husband, he’d been drinking, a-and he was lighting a cigarette, oh
Dean nods. “Wake me up when it’s here.”
He sighs and stands up as he rubs his face.
Dean rolls his eyes at her. He thinks on it for a moment, but he really doesn’t have to think hard at all. “All of you,” he starts, and they all groan. “No, I know. Just listen, you dicks, because I don’t say this very often.” They all exchange a couple of good-natured chuckles, but they quiet soon enough and wait for him to speak again. “Seriously. It’s our last Friendsgiving in college, and I wouldn’t have made it this far without you guys. Probably would’ve dropped out after Sophomore year, honestly. You’re some of the nicest people I’ve ever gotten to know. I’m lucky to be friends with all of you,” he says. He pauses for a second, and his gaze flickers to Cas. “And… and you. God, Cas, you have no idea what a godsend you’ve been this year. Not only because of the studying help, but… everything else, too. I’m really thankful that we — that
“This story is about an angel that fell for a human man,” he says. He doesn’t get far before Dean interrupts.
be more fun than it is right now. He takes a sponge and dips it in the soapy water, sneaks up behind Cas, and wrings it out right against the back of his neck.
Dean looks down and watches the black sludge start to swallow Cas up. He holds on to his biceps, shakes his head. “No. No, what the hell are you talking about? What the fuck do you mean, this is goodbye? What’s
Dean repositions himself on the bed. He gently takes the pillow from below Cas’ hips and puts it behind his lower back against the headboard. He then takes another one for his upper back, and he leans back against them with his legs spread. “You said like this, right? C’mere, angel,” he says, pouring what looks like more than enough lube on himself, and then spreading it.
Dean finds that he does. Regardless of everything, he trusts Cas. “What about Anna?” he asks, suddenly remembering that Cas brought her here, too.
When Sam pulls back, his eyes are a little glassy, too, so Dean doesn’t feel quite as pathetic. “Well, what’re you waitin’ for? Let us in, it’s fuckin’ hot out here,” he grumbles, sniffling as he shoves past Sam.
Yeah. Real slick.
“What? Together? No way,” Dean says. “I care about her. A lot, actually, but… not like that. She’s… not exactly my type, I guess,” he finishes.
“Do we need to take a break?” Cas asks  him, knowing by now what Dean’s usual signs of frustration are. “We can order pizza or something,” he suggests. Dean could kiss him.
The Empty spreads until it’s encasing Cas’ hands, and Dean can feel the sheer
Castiel nods off again sometime after he finishes his tea and Dean takes the mug back to put it on his nightstand. Castiel’s back is pressed into Dean’s chest, with Dean’s hands wrapped around him and clasped around his waist. Every so often, Dean noses at his neck, dropping soft kisses there. The last thing Castiel remembers before everything goes soft and hazy is Dean murmuring the softest, “Love you so much,” that he’s ever heard.
Cas tells him it’s too dangerous. Dean, stubborn as ever, refuses this notion.
A fever. That’s weird. He had the knowledge that the body shivers to try and stabilize its internal temperature when it gets too high, but he had no idea he’d actually
Dean huffs out a laugh at that. This guy is gonna kill him. "Whatever you say, buddy," he says as he turns around to head to the kitchen. It doesn't matter how deeply in love he is with Cas, he doesn't think he'll ever be able to get himself to stop calling him 'buddy.' It's what they were. It's what they always have been. It's what they always will be, even if they're something more, too.
Dean shoots straight up in bed, scrambling away from Cas so quick that he gets tangled in the blankets and lands flat on his ass, on the cold hard-wood floor of the room he’s in. Cas clicks the light on and then he remembers, yeah, this definitely isn’t his room. It’s somewhere close, but he has carpet in his own room. That would’ve broken his fall at least a little bit, and now with the light from the lamp flooding the room, he can see, this room is much bigger than his own.
as she sits it down against the rim. “Okay. Something is better than nothing. Hit me,” she says.
“Not big on hunting, then?”
ruin this for him. His bottom lip swipes across Cas' out of pure instinct, and
Next on the list, Charlie, just so she’ll stop freaking out.
So if he
Someone to scratch at his scalp as he lets sleep consume him.
Dean watches him as he drives, slumped over in the passenger seat. For as drunk as he is, he can still tell that Cas is driving… extremely safely. He’s just as careful as he always is. Just as careful as he had been on the way. He doesn’t quite understand. Can’t make sense of it. Cas… technically had even more to drink than he himself had, and yet Cas seems completely unaffected. He supposes it’s something they can talk about tomorrow, if Dean even remembers any of this. Which, he won’t. Of course he won’t.
He grabs the lube from behind himself and he squeezes some into one hand. With his other hand, he gives it back to Dean. “We’re going to need more, and I’m about to be slippery, so it’s your job. Okay?” he asks.
“Dean,” Castiel whispers against his mouth. He needs more. He always needs more, and now is no exception. As lovely as all of this is, as
Cas, of course, rolls his eyes
“Dean, you’re insufferable.” He means it.
rare occasions. They aren’t his style, not even a little, but he recognizes an attractive person when he sees one. It’s never
good. The texture of the sausage just feels weird, that’s all.”
Dean shakes his head, leans down to kiss Cas for the first time in two weeks. He lets it linger without letting it get out of control. Cas can’t handle that right now, and even if he could, Dean’s too worried about him to even think about that. “Don’t apologize. I’m just glad you’re home safe,” Dean says. He peels off his jeans and slides under the covers with Cas, mindful of his stomach and legs. He wishes he could gather Cas into his arms, hold him close and tight, but he knows that it’d just cause Cas more pain rather than comfort. For now, he settles on holding his hand, rubbing his thumb across the tops of Cas’ knuckles.
“Miss you, too, kid. Let me talk to Cas, okay? I’ll call you back.”
“I’m just a guy, Cas,” Dean whispers.
Cas remembers that particular prayer very vividly. It had only been a week or so after they arrived. At first, Cas had been worried about Dean forming a partnership with a vampire. He still worries, sometimes, but Dean mentions Benny frequently now, and in the near-year they’ve been here, nothing bad aside from a few petty arguments (as far as Cas can tell from Dean’s often quite vague prayers) has happened at all. Now, he’s mostly just grateful that Dean has someone to watch his back. Though he does agree with Dean, he wishes it was him instead.
Unmoving, Cas blinks at him. Surely he’s misunderstood — Dean must just be asking him to stay with them in the bunker for a day or two. “Inside? Yes, Dean, I had planned on it—“
Cas stares at him incredulously. "Oh, um. Thank you, Dean. That's very kind of you." He gets up to make his own plate, but Dean clamps a hand down on his shoulder, forcing him to stay put.
Cas smiles and turns his head to capture Dean's lips in a kiss. "We can throw a load of laundry in after breakfast, then go wash the car."
“It’s Cas,” Dean says. “I think I had a nightmare, and I woke up and must have head butted him in the nose or something. I don’t know. I think I probably broke it and he’s bleeding. I wanted to know if you could fix him,” he pleads.
Dean watches him with wide eyes and a heaving chest, rubbing a hand up and down Cas’ side as he comes undone.
wet and sloppy and constant. Cas uses both hands to spread Dean wider, getting his tongue so deep that Dean’s not even sure how that’s possible. He reaches down to tangle his fingers in Cas’ hair, throwing his head back and rolling his hips down. “Baby, please,” he whines, not even sure what he’s asking for in the first place. His nerve endings all feel like live wires, the slightest touch causing sparks to erupt from his skin. He almost feels like he could come like this, if he really tried.
Jack shakes his head some more, but still doesn’t get up from where he’s kneeling on the ground. He’s picking up the broken pieces of the mug, now, holding them in his hands. Dean thinks briefly about how he shouldn’t be letting Jack handle sharp pieces of something broken, but he doesn’t say anything. Or, well,
Dean laughs against him, and Cas only clings to him tighter. Dean’s arms wrap around him, Cas feels his face in the crook of his neck. He brings a hand up to hold the back of Dean’s head, and for the first time in the last few hours, he lets himself relax and breathe easy. “Alright, buddy. Gettin’ some mixed signals here. C’mon, help me up,” Dean says, clapping Cas on the back twice before pulling back.
There’s certainly a part of him that feels guilty. He’d waited until both brothers took their showers so that he could take his time with this. He knew as soon as he climbed into the backseat of the Impala that he’d want a bath as soon as he could get one. He’s taken them before, many times. Usually only when Sam and Dean are gone on hunts deemed too dangerous for him and his newly human status. They usually help him relax, settle his nerves about intruding on Sam and Dean’s home.
Cas is still looking at him, his eyebrows furrowed and his bottom lip tucked between his teeth. He looks like he’s trying really hard not to cry, to just suck it up and let Dean help him. He’s chewing on his bottom lip so hard that he’s picked the scab there and it’s started to bleed again.
Cas freezes, causing Dean to whine. “No, don’t… don’t stop,” he requests, and Cas presses a kiss to his inner thigh and starts massaging his finger again. Yeah, Dean can get behind this. Definitely.
“So just military? That’s all they do?” Mary prods. Dean has to hold back a groan.
"Well... Cas probably needs some sustenance, I'll be back in a while with food," Sam says, clearing his throat. Dean hardly hears him. He waves a hand in acknowledgement, not able to tear his eyes off of Cas just yet. He's scared if he looks away, Cas might pass out on him. And judging by the looks of him, it's not even an irrational fear.
Dean shakes his head. “No, man. I mean, it went really well, you know? I’m just — relieved, more than anything. It’s — it’s not a bad cry. It’s alright.”
Dean keeps eating, but he slows down so he can listen. He notices that Cas does the same.
His house is engulfed in flames now, his dad inside. He thinks he might be crying, and Sam is still holding his pinkie. After… well, he doesn’t really know how long, actually… a few minutes, maybe, his mommy starts the car and parks it on the street a couple houses down. She turns it back off, gets out and leans against the outside of it. Dean thinks she might have said something to him, told him to stay put, but his ears are still ringing and he can’t tear his eyes away from the roaring flames. His mommy is crying or maybe she’s laughing, but he only knows that because he can see her shoulders shake in her peripheral vision.
Dean clears his throat. His hands are shaking and he’s pretty sure he’s started to sweat. He can almost feel the blood drain from his face and the smile falls from his mother’s lips. “I… uh,” he trails off, scratching at the back of his neck. “I got accepted. To college. Full ride,” he says.
, he reminds himself. The Empty clearly has no interest in taking Dean with it, so he has to let go, because there’s nothing solid under his hands once the sludge slides beneath them. It’s like — he wants to say water, but that’s not right. It’s like
he’s not dead. Dean watched it. He had the traces of Cas’ death on his face, on his hands, on his boots. It was everywhere, and it was nothing.
Dean smiles at Cas' words and at the gentle touch. They finish the rest of their breakfast in comfortable silence, their ankles staying interlocked.
Bobby grunts, doesn’t say anything else, and starts in on his food. “Thanks Ellen,” he says, with his mouth full. Hypocrite.
He’s not coming back this time.
He knew that. He had heard it. Somewhere in the back of his mind, he’s always known that his mother killed his father. It’s not a surprise, he just hadn’t been expecting her to come clean about it. Not in a million years. Still, he doesn’t say anything. He does his best not to give any indication that he feels any emotion about it at all.
Dean reaches up to wipe at his face. It’s not a lot of blood, and he can still see just as clear as before, but it’s a little alarming. He just blinks at her. He’s watched this girl grow up over the last four years, she’s family. Dean knows her parents. Well, her earthly ones, anyways. And now she lays naked on the ground of the safehouse, covered only by a thin fleece blanket that Brooke had brought home from the store. He wipes his bloody hand on his pants and he brushes some hair from Anna’s eyes, tucking it behind her ear. “I’m fine,” he says softly. He thinks it to be true, at least. He has a little headache, but his eyes aren’t bleeding anymore and his vision hasn’t been impacted.
There’s only one real way to find out.
He keeps climbing the steps as Cas starts to descend, and they meet somewhere in the middle with their arms around each other. “Sorry for being an ass,” Dean says into Cas’ chest. The angle’s a little weird with Cas being one step above him, but it’s still nice.
— to keep him upright. There’s still ceramic beneath his feet, and he thinks he maybe cut himself on a piece of it that broke off, but he doesn’t care. He stumbles backward until he hits the counter with his forearm, and then he reaches out to grab the edge of it and steady himself.
He must
Dean shakes his head and laughs. He leans forward and starts meticulously picking off every piece of sausage from the pizza. “You can order it without the sausage next time, Cas. I won’t miss it
He wraps his hand around Cas’ cock and drags it up, circling his palm over the head, which makes Cas’ legs shake. He lets out a punched-out sort of noise, turning to chuckle under his breath with his eyes closed. Dean smiles and grabs his hips, pulling him to stand in front of the bed so he’s pretty much at eye level with his dick. “You mind?” he asks, leaning forward so Cas’ cock rests on his bottom lip.
Dean loves that look. "For what?" Cas asks him, bringing his hand to cup the side of Dean's neck.
is Cas pulling his t-shirt off, and then he feels the bed dip beside him.
he reminds himself.
Dean gasps, both of his hands tightening. One around Cas’ hand, the other in his feathers. He quickly rectifies his mistake, letting go of the feathers he’s bunched up in his hand. “Fuck,” he hisses, grinding his hips down. “Sorry.”
Cas. I wouldn’t wanna stay with me, either. Nobody else does. I thought, for so long, that it wasn’t me. That they just — wanted something different. A change. But I — I’m the fuckin’ common denominator here, Cas.”
Dean keeps peppering kisses to every inch of exposed skin he can reach, and he says, “‘Course, Cas.”
Cas nudges his nose against Dean’s throat. “You do,” he says quietly. “In my time. You make meals for yourself and Sam. You learn,” he says. He presses a gentle kiss to Dean’s neck.
Dean gets up off the ground and takes the bag from Cas, pressing a kiss to the corner of his mouth. Cas rolls his eyes and makes a face. “Gross. You’re filthy,” he teases.
Dean shrugs his shoulders. “Didn’t mean to be,” he admits. “You’re temperature’s gotta be at least a hundred degrees, man. You’re like a living furnace right now. Probably got too hot and rolled away, that’s all,” he says. “You wanna c’mere?” Dean offers, and he extends one arm so that Castiel can curl up at his side.
They're always touching each other. A shoulder squeeze here, a hair tousle there. Cas always gets closer to him than strictly necessary when they brush past each other, or when they sit on the same side of a booth in a diner. They're just small, meaningless touches. Meaningless to Cas, Dean assumes. His own stomach does backflips every time Cas so much as
“Wan’ me t’ kiss you like I kissed her?” Dean prods. He knows, somewhere in the back of his mind, that he should knock it the fuck off. But nobody else is outside, and it’s so dark that even if they were, they wouldn’t be seen. “I will, Cas. I’ll kiss you. If y’want.”
He sighs deeper than he’s pretty sure he ever has, and then he concedes. “Fine,” he says. “But you call me. Or text. Whatever. At least once an hour, the whole time you’re gone,” he says. “Promise.”
"Sure, Dean. Of course, whatever would make you happy." Cas smiles as he speaks, squeezing Dean's hand before he stands up. It makes Dean's head spin, and those words echo in his mind.
He doesn’t let it last very long, because the shower water will run cold if they’re not careful. He steps in first and helps Cas in after him, fitting him against the wall so he can lean on it for support if he needs to. Dean takes a quick shower himself, half-assing the whole thing. He washes under his arms, his legs, his body. He rinses, washes his own hair much less thoroughly than he’d washed Cas’, and rinses off. When he’s done, he holds on to Cas as he stands under the water, rinsing off the remainder of the bath.
“Okay. I’m gonna go call them,” Dean says. He wraps his arms around Anna and presses a kiss to the side of her head. “Then we’ll figure out a way to find your grace. I promise.”
"Okay," Dean's voice breaks and he coughs. "I've never done this before, Cas. I'm guessing you haven't either," Cas opens his mouth to speak, but Dean presses a finger to his lips. He doesn't want to know. "I mean, I've seen gay porn. I kinda know what I'm supposed to do. But there's gonna be some trial and error here, 'kay? You're gonna have to tell me what feels good and what doesn't." Dean has never been good at communicating in an emotional sense. But in a sexual one? He knows he's caring, considerate, and willing to listen. Dean has lived most of his life aiming to please anyone and everyone, and his sexual partners are no exception. This one especially. This is
He had told Cas he
Cas whimpers beneath him and pulls him by his hair so that their mouths are pressed together again. Though, it can hardly be called a kiss, it’s more like they’re just breathing into each other’s mouths. Dean's fine with that. He’s fine with sharing air with Cas. He’s fine with sharing
have this, but that's fine. He and Dean have just always had this, always had something. He doesn't need or want to remember whatever came before.
Cas nods in agreement, turning his head to catch Dean’s gaze. They stay that way for a beat too long before the other three flood into the kitchen all at once, all complaining about Dean and Cas being late because they’re hungry.
Dean takes the towel and wraps it around his hips, tucking it into place. He steps out of the shower and into Cas' arms, kissing him deep and slow, because
Dean shakes his hand, firm grip, he notices. A little too firm, actually, but that’s respectable. “Oh, right. Cool name, I think. I’m Dean,” he says, dropping Cas’ hand after hanging on to it for a beat too long. “Couldn’t help but notice you staring for the last hour and a half,” he says, summoning a boldness from deep inside himself he hadn’t even known existed until the moment the words were out of his mouth.
“Oh, um. Thanks, I think?” Dean says, punctuated by a nervous laugh. He plops down on his bed and takes a look around. It’s not
room, he reminds himself — creaks open. He blinks open his eyes and smiles when they settle on Dean carrying a tray with a bowl of soup and a mug of tea, both of them steaming. Castiel does his best to sit himself up in bed, and when he does, Dean places the tray on his lap and Castiel sees two more small pills next to the mug. He smiles gratefully and pops them into his mouth, swallowing them down with a wince. The tea’s almost too hot, but certainly not hot enough to do any lasting damage.
“I know.”
It’s been forty years since they got together, and Cas passes before Dean, peacefully in his sleep. Dean gently tries to wake him, and his eyes well up with tears when he realizes that there are no snores, that Cas’ chest isn’t moving up and down with that gentle rhythm that it usually is. He brushes the wispy gray hair from Cas’ forehead and drops a gentle kiss to it. “I’ll see you soon,” he breathes, and pulls the covers up over his head.
"Dean, oh..." Cas moans, breaking eye contact to throw his head back. "Dean, this is- I- you-" Cas can't seem to form any more coherent thoughts than Dean can, so that's comforting at the very least. "So good, Dean, that's... that's perfect." He whimpers and his hips start to speed up.
“Right. Of course, Cas. I’m so sorry, man. I’m so sorry,” Dean says, and his voice cracks. His eyes are red and brimming with tears, and Cas lays a tentative hand on his knee.
They especially don’t have to run from
Dean isn’t the kind of guy who hugs people. He just isn’t. He’s never really been the one to love on Jack. Cas used to hug him all the time. Even Sam will wrap an arm around his shoulders in a side-hug every once in a while — kids need that shit. Dean knows it. He’s just not huge on affection. But right now, Jack looks like he could use one, and if Dean is honest with himself for even a fraction of a second, he could use one himself.
“Fuckin’ nerd,” Dean mumbles into his mouth, but he’s grinning. He’s always grinning when Cas is being like this.
The only thing he does is place a gentle hand on Cas’ left shoulder to lean him forward a few inches and rinse the filth off the back of the tub. He removes his hand as quickly as he placed it there, and then he moves to plug the drain again.
“Sure.”
And then Sam gets it. This isn’t about Cas wanting his stuff within easy reach, or at least, not mainly. This is about moving out of the room entirely.
“It’s shitty for him of his own making, though.”
Cas carries Dean over the threshold of their room, shuts the door and backs him up into it. Dean groans, leans his head back against the wood as Cas mouths at his neck, bites and worries the skin between his teeth until there’s a mark.
The demon places a hand on Dean’s forehead, concentrates on keeping him unconscious. A boring job, but one given to her by Lucifer returned. There will be rewards.
“They do, Dean. There’s still hope.”
“What’re you frowning so hard about?”Dean asks.
Instead he just asks, a question disguising a peace offering.
Cas says, swallowing down the crippling, boiling guilt that comes with the word.
The laughing doesn’t stop. It echoes, over and over in his head, changing as it does so, resolving into three distinct, but similar, voices. Of course it wasn’t going to be that easy. Of mother-fucking-course. The wings twitch and writhe, flapping like they’re trying to achieve lift-off while the body stays, speared, on his weapon.
Dean rolls his eyes, this isn’t his first hunt, he knows you gotta get the basics first.
“Gone?”
He hears a noise from outside, a howl. Not human, not even inhuman. Animal, probably one of the things that have been circling his home and his head for days. Yellow eyes and white teeth. They’ve been quiet until now, howling only at night, when he's trying to sleep – never in the day time hours. There must be something disturbing them, something bad.
“In the Catholic faith stigmata were once considered a sign of great holiness. A sign that you’d been chosen for a special purpose by God.”
That thought doesn’t feel like his own, feels like like a something an angel would say, one currently locked up in the basement in the physical world but present in every conversation, every thought in the less literal one.
“We wait until her shift ends, follow her, and...”
“Claire—”
“You better.”
It’s louder, more vicious than Cas’s, all those years ago. Dean covers his ears, tries not to scream while Sam does the same.
Flood isn’t the right word to describe the self-disgust that the memory brings. Floods sweep through and leave devastation in their wake that, given time, can be healed. This isn’t a flood, this is an occupation. He is become self-disgust; it eats into every corner of him, drowning out the cramping pain, muffling the hum of need and want and fucking-give-me-the-drugs. Not destroying it entirely though, of course not.
“So what, if it’ll help Cas I’m sure you can learn to live with one.” Charlie says, with a shrug. “I don’t like you but somehow I’ve learned that you’re the price I have to pay for Cas’s company.”
He turns the music back up, and this time, Sam doesn’t turn it down.
“You’re supposed to be my best friend slash annoying sister I never wanted. I thought that means you take my side.”
There’s a grave on Dean Winchester’s arm, and from the looks of things it’s gonna keep glowing until the day he dies.
Lucifer scoffs.
“It looks like a lot of dead angels, and only one person walking away, unharmed and unhurried.”
“I never said I didn’t love you, Cas.”
“None.”
Then he lets go, pulls away and grins at Cas softly.
“So you brought me here to watch you shoot at trees?”
Cas wakes up with a throbbing headache and a throbbing something else too.
Cas shrugs.
He lays Cas down on the bed, pulls off his shoes and massages his feet.
“We need to talk.” Cas says, and Dean can feel the vibration rumble through him.
“When we went clothes shopping.” And that woman took one look at me and thought you were slapping me around, he leaves unsaid. He can tell by Dean’s pinched expression that it wasn’t unheard, regardless.
Dean shrugs, moves over to a bag on the floor and starts to pull things out. Crowley strains to see, wondering what’s to come.
He presses call, listens to the dialling tone. It rings once, twice, and then Dean answers. There’s a moment of rough, heavy breathing, like he’s steeling himself up to say something. Cas tries to force a hello out, but it sticks in his throat.
However you look at it, whether accidentally or on purpose, this is definitely Crowley’s fault.
“We found out about the existence of a book –  the Book of the Damned. Bad news from the first page to the last—”
“I just, I don’t want to delay you any longer than I already have – I know what that car means to you.”
“Prove it.” Dean grins back at him. Inappropriately good cheer or desperate coping mechanism though forced jollity. Even he has trouble telling sometimes.
“Yes, you are. But unfortunately for you I’d rather watch you die than see the whole planet devoured by monsters. Don’t take it personally. Very fond of my own skin. I’d offer up anyone else in a heartbeat.”
On Sam’s face.
“Dude, if your ass has dementia on top of all this crap I’m gonna fistfight my goddamn way into heaven and twat God in the face myself, his fault or not.”
“Dean?” Cas’s tone is worried, and yeah, of course it’d be. All he has to go on is a garbled prayer and the fucking state of Dean, sitting in a dark alley by himself. He’s not even drinking to drown his problems. Is that progress, or a sign of something really fucked up?
Dean picks himself up off the floor and puts his hand on Cas’s shoulder.
Sam suppresses his instinct to send up a prayer of thanks at her swift reply. He doesn’t know who amongst the host is to be trusted, and the last thing Cas needs right now is to have his weakness broadcast to anyone listening. It’s why they’re using the stupid phones in the first place.
He makes towards Dean, to lean on him or god forbid, kiss him or hold his hand. Dean freaks out.
Cas doesn’t bother with pleasantries or insults.
Cas hastily corrects himself.
“Yeah, well.” Dean doesn’t have a reply for that, doesn’t stop him trying anyway.
He listens, trapped inside his own body, as Dean admits that Amara has a hold over him, calls it an attraction (and Cas knows Lucifer suggested that word on purpose, to wound), one that terrifies him. Dean admits his fear – his weakness – to the one person he trusts to know it. Not realising that Cas isn’t the only one listening.
“Prove it.” He rasps, blade held shakily up. He’s blinking heavy and slow, eyes forced wide and teeth bared.
“Okay.” Dean drawls out the word, thinking he might be catching on to what Cas means. “So whatever this is, there’s something on the right side of my body that it doesn’t like. Something that is weakening it, but that it’s also trying to get nearer to.”
Dean blushes, splutters somewhat – and now Cas does laugh. Dean’s a lot easier to fluster than most people realise, you just have to know the right thing to say. The most obscene or disgusting language glances off him – not hugely surprising given his life. It’s the things he didn’t hear very often after his fourth birthday – sincere and unabashed displays of affection from the adults he loved.
For a moment Cas panics, and then he snorts. He doesn’t have anything physical left to hide, Dean’s seen it all.
“Me.” Lucifer agrees.
Sweat beads on Cas’s forehead, trails down his face to the bed, and Sam doesn’t notice. It’s not until it soaks through his grey t-shirt – one which Dean had foisted on him with a scowl and some sort of subtextual argument that Sam didn’t understand and isn’t sure he wanted to – that it catches Sam’s attention.
Cas lets him go immediately and it makes Dean laugh, starting off small and building up to hysterics at the matching grin on Cas’s face.
“Of course, we don’t know what the requirements of the spell are at the moment.”
Cas touches his cheek, feels a faint brush of moisture.
“And we’re back where we started, portal, monsters, blah blah.”
Not that Dean still is, and will be to the day he dies, bitter about that.
Oh. Because the wishes of the living are more important than that of those who aren’t around to see them honoured. Because telling them this would’ve been forcing their hand, because even though Cas said
He looks up at her now. “You wouldn’t, if you’d seen...”
“I’ll be watching with binoculars if I’m watching at all.”
“That’s some cool shit.”
“Come on man,” Dean turns his full attention back to Cas, taking the silence as some kind of challenge. “You must have some idea – are we getting you more pyjamas and loungey things, or are you sick to the back teeth of elastic waistbands?”
“I’m sorry,
“A what now?”
Eventually it gets cold enough to force them to retreat, goosebumps pricking up and down Cas’s skin. He tries to brave it for a while, but Dean notices his teeth chattering.
your healing powers?” Dean asks.
Dean shrugs and lets Cas kiss away the lingering traces of the nightmare. Cas takes the lead for a few moments, but then he pulls back and Dean follows him, slowly turns them around so that Cas is the one leaning against the headboard, Dean kneeling over his outstretched legs. Cas groans into the kiss as Dean lifts his hands up to his face, bracketing it. He brushes his thumb against the smooth skin there, idly wonders what it’d be like to feel stubble.
“You, you did more for us than I could even begin to say, Cas. You were never supposed to be on our side, but you were anyway, every time we needed you. And I’m sorry it had to end like this, that you didn’t get your happy ending. But, but you know that we’re grateful. Both of us, even if it might not look like it.
“When he nests, he nests hard.” Charlie points out. She’s been on the receiving end.
“Don’t say juicy.” Sam interjects. “Juicy makes it sound like you enjoy it.”
The door opens and in slinks a young guy who looks like he hasn’t seen a shower in months. He's about as on edge as everyone here but there’s something about his specific tension that Cas recognises from when he was homeless. The expectation that you’re about to be kicked out of wherever you are and the need to try and hoard as much warmth and comfort as you can to fortify yourself against the looming torture of the outside.
“So’re you.”
“Little fucking SON OF A BITCH!” Dean screams, as he realises they’ve been had.
It takes her a few hours, but she gets it, eventually. Not the eureka moment, but the long, slow crawl to understanding.
. Because you know what, sometimes it’s nice to read something where everyone is queer and nothing is LGBT related pain. Sure, there’s pain, but it’s not woe is me for I am gay and my life is a tragic lesbian struggle pain.
I finally got off my arse and updated the rating to reflect where the story will end up:~~~~~
Claire doesn’t argue, just steps aside and lets Dean go through the motions, spraying out patterns on the floor, burning ingredients.
“We can’t confront her here. She could make a scene, kill innocent people.”
Two chapters to get the ball rolling and then it’ll be one every Monday and Thursday as long as everything goes to plan. It’s all written, just some of the later chapters need a little extra work, so I don’t foresee any issues.
“Exactly. So then why-”
“Whoever is messaging Dean clearly wants him to go to that place; I think we should let him.”
“Speaking of caffeine?” Charlie prompts, but she’s also smiling. They both are, and Dean’s disgusted by it. Still, he’s nothing if not a good host, so he begrudgingly gets two extra mugs, delivers them their hot caffeine even though they clearly don’t need it.
“I was the one who designed the sigil patterns on the wall. I was the one who interlocked them, assured you it’d be safe. Look how well that ended.”
Eventually Claire kicks out at a tree in frustration, rounds on Dean.
“I doubt he ever really existed, and even if he did, he’s long gone. I wouldn’t have brought you here otherwise.”
Dean has to stop outside the barn; wait and just fucking learn how to breathe all over again. He has to fight it down, the sick, bone deep fear of what they’re going to find inside.
“Trying to convince someone of something isn’t the same as going behind their back.” Sam snaps, cut by the insinuation he thinks Dean is making. His anger riles Dean’s, and he bites back.
Bull. Shit.
Cas grits his teeth. This conversation is starting to grate on him. More, because he knows Dean has a point.
“Dean.” Cas’s tone is terse, unamused.
“So, what’re we cooking?” Sam’s welcome voice snaps him out of it.
“Something tearing at the fabric of your soul, maybe, something making you already fight and defend yourself on one front, and leaving you vulnerable to other attacks.”
“No, I think he stored up like 30 years worth of domestic crazy and now it’s got an outlet he’s gone rogue.” Sam says, settling in one of the armchairs.
“What’re you going for there, babe?”
He skids into the bathroom and throws all of his strength against the door, slamming and locking it just in time, before Sam can put all of his ridiculous weight to good use and force it back open.
“Exactly. This place has been a blip on angel radar for a few hundred years. A bonfire hiding a candle.”
“6 years is barely a nanosecond, and, as the only genuinely old person here, my patience with your ridiculous childish squabbling is wearing thin.” Cas grumbles, pulling a crotchety old man face.
“Come on then. We’ve gotta at least try.” He sounds okay, but Hannah can read emotions, even if the Horn makes it harder. He’s shaken and panicking and there’s so much adrenaline pounding through his system it’s a wonder his heart hasn’t beaten out of his chest.
“You, I can’t fucking believe you fucking, you haven’t even, you, no. You can’t. No.”
“What, you want me to lie to you? You’ve been doing enough of that for yourself, Dean. Look, you fucked up, yeah, but we can fix it. Doesn’t make it fine, but it makes it okay.”
to come back...
“I noticed Cas was sweating, took both of your temperatures. He was ice cold—”
Sam detects a little note in Cas’s voice. Suspects he’s talking in broader terms than just the here and now. Sam sighs, fights down his frustration and directionless, pointless anger. It’s not Cas he’s angry at. He’s just the nearest fucking target.
He gives Dean a wry look.
“So,” Sam asks, “you feeling anything yet?”
“Hey, you said you wanted to help.”
“Hmph. Okay, but if I win I get one favour I can cash in at any time – and you can’t say no.”
Dean fumbles his phone out of his pocket. He tries to navigate towards Druiel’s number, but the tremors in his hands catch him out at the last moment, flinging him wide. They shake in an uneven rhythm, dissonant even from each other.
work out what this bullshit is.”
“You had your hands full. I haven’t made this easy.”
Things just go better when Dean isn’t around. He gets it. He’s coming to terms with it.
Cas pulls the right hand gently across to his own face, strokes it across the ridge of his cheek and then over his lips.
“Is that why you did it by yourself, because Sam refused?”
“Gross.”
“You’re right,” he says through gritted teeth. “I wasn’t all there. I was letting my personal shit get in the way – and I know better than that. My dad raised me better than that.” Not better, Charlie thinks, but doesn’t say. That’s not a lesson you should have had to learn. “Consider me in, properly now. No more whining, no more boozing. No more self-sabotage. We’re doing this, and we’re doing it right.”
“Jesus, Dean. Where are you?”
“I don’t want to talk about it, Dean.”
“You feel like shit for giving up on him, and you’re trying to make up for it. I get it, but you’re not helping.”
“Hmm.”
IS GOING TO CALM ME DOWN?”
Dean lets go and Cas’s hands immediately find their way to Dean’s ass, pinching and kneading at the flesh there. He skates one finger over his rim and Dean sighs happily.
Cas doesn’t say anything.
His phone starts to ring again and he frowns at it. One of Sam’s burners. Great, so she’s got him on the case too.
His third thought is doppelgangers with a psychic link. If the connection was strong enough, any injury on the copy would slice through to the original as well. It’d explain a lot of things, but most especially how Dean died every time, but only started carrying his injuries over recently.
“The wounds on your back are pretty nasty – I wanna try and keep them as dry as possible during your bath.”
Sam turns off the shower and vanishes for a few moments, comes back with something that looks suspiciously like a garbage bag and some duct tape.
HOW ARE YOU ALL, WHAT DID YOU GET UP TO WHILE I WAS AWAY, I hope you didn't think I wasn't coming back and jumped ship lol
It’s Sam who finds it. He slips behind the flamethrower, intending to dismantle it, take it down and make sure it’s fully disarmed, not about to fire again and cause any more casualties.
“Um, yeah. Fine.”
“I—” Why can’t he just say something?
And Claire is so fucking desperate for one that she agrees, lets herself be pulled to her feet and follows a complete fucking stranger down the road and around the corner, into some local frouffy coffee shop.
Dean sputters, forces out something that isn’t a sentence by any stretch of the imagination. Lucifer understands what he’s trying to get across, but just barely. He better not be like this for the entire conversation. It’s tiring enough talking to Dean when he’s capable of using words, this inarticulate half babble is going to
“Oh, uh. Nah. I left her in Colorado.”
“Doing what she thinks is best. Yeah, I get it, don’t worry.” He rubs at his eyes. “I really fucked up, didn’t I?”
“That’s nice of you.” Dean’s tone is sincere, even if his words aren’t phrased that way.
Cas says nothing, just looks smug as he waits for Dean to get out of the firing line. He doesn’t look that way for long, though, as Dean matches shot after shot after shot, wracking up a 7 point lead.
It’s only an origami frog – basic, easy, but he applies the same focus to it that he used to grant to angelic wars and cataclysms.
Dean untwines their fingers, starts to skate his hands along Cas’s sides, pushes under his outer shirt. Unfortunately he’s wearing the standard Winchester level of layers, so everything’s still very PG.
And it feels good. He feels warm – really truly warm, not burning up with fever or sweating out the drugs. Warm and safe and cocooned.
Cas stops fighting back his grace momentarily, allows a spark to jump from his skin and to Sirael’s. It howls and flails in his grasp. He waits patiently until it stops.
And Dean looks at him again, looks at him less like he’s a trap, and more like he’s a real person – like he’s the fucking love of his life asking him to stay, when that’s the only thing he wants to do in the world.
It’s all just fucking semantics, anyhow.
Cas smirks very briefly, and then he puts his Serious Face™ back on.
“I haven’t been that drunk since I was fifteen. Feels like a Wendigo crawled in my mouth and died.”
No, not someone.
“I know what they’re called. I just wanted to make sure my derision really came across.”
“Angels can, and will, do a lot of fucked up shit, Charlie.” Dean says bitterly, remembering Naomi, what happened to Samandriel and Cas.
“Yeah, but you’ll do less damage with a ball than with your nails, right?
“Someone texted him a location from Cas’s phone – which we know is broken – and dared him to go there to find out the answer to this mystery. False lead or trap. Probably both.”
“Lady, fucking bring it on.”
“Still think I’m not pathetic?” Cas asks, bitterly, in lieu of the thank you he so desperately means.
Cas snorts, but doesn’t argue further.
He’d just picked up the first piece of card he’d seen, and it hadn’t looked all that special in his dim room.
“I know,” Dean mumbles, half into the water. “Just weird hearing you say it like that.”
“Hannah—”
“Other things, though.”
And then breaks into a cold sweat when he sees the state of Dean.
He lets Cas have his moment first, lets him stand up and piss into a toilet with no need for assistance, lets him walk back to the bed.
Sam stumbles, looks at him all shell-shocked and confused.
And then he spots the words carved into her metal sides.
He breathes. One, two, three, four.
It hums in the air for a moment, and then Charlie pierces it.
“Well, if you ever find yourself in Oz they’re pretty sweet. Once you get the knack you can manipulate them to do whatever you want. I mean, I mostly just used mine for reading in the dark, but Dorothy used to use hers when we were fighting.”
Sam sighs, regards the charred, oozing flesh on Cas’s back. Some of the flaming sigils must have hit him, hard enough and hot enough to leave a burned on imprint. They’re fuzzy and imprecise, but clearly enough to put a decent kibosh on his powers.
Hell, maybe the reason he brought Sam along was because he wanted to go back to the bunker, but didn’t quite trust himself.
And one that isn’t going to be broken tonight, Cas realises, as Dean sighs, stands up and sneaks out of the room.
“And I’m spending the rest of eternity plugged into monster Oculus Rift. You can say it, Cas.” Dean snaps.
I’m sorry that I have the gall to say any of that when there’s a knife in my other hand and it’s still dripping with your blood.
Dean’s face goes white.
“I assume you have a plan, in the meantime.”
“Fuck you, we’re interesting people.” Sam says. “And no, actually. I’m kinda relieved to see it. He wasn’t sleeping well at all before.”
“I know you don’t like to fly, but—”
He jumps to his feet, runs to the door and unlocks it, hauls it open.
“If you were certain—”
Dean shrugs. “So is overthrowing hell.”
“I read it while you were writing it.”
Like Lucifer is going to say no to that. He makes the appropriate noise, allows Dean to drag him to the bed and push him down.
“If it doesn’t contain meat it isn’t food.”
He almost laughs to himself. Well, Cas. You wanted this. You wanted him to look at you and see you for what you are. Still you, not some fragile placeholder to be babied and mothered, waiting all the while for the real Cas to come back, the healthy Cas. That one sitting hazily somewhere in the future, whole and normal and easy.
“And if you didn’t get taken, if you left because I fucked up, or because I’m not good enough or because you realised you don’t love me or whatever, yeah. I get that. But please, just come home. Let’s talk about it. You can’t leave me hanging like this.
“You’re gonna have to be more specific there buddy.”
Dean looks at Cas like his brain is about to fall out of his ears, then realises he’s being fucked with.
you talk about it?” Sam asks wryly.
“Fire and Blood, am I right?” Dean grins as he reaches for it.
“Maybe if you hadn’t got mad and tried to smash one of the cushions against a wall—”
He made it into a game. If Cas could guess where he was, he’d get a treat. The first few times it was food and water – back when he cared about those things. After that it was always something a little more recreational.
“But-”
“You knew about Cas’s injuries?” It’s not really a question, and no matter what answer Sam gives he’s not gonna be convinced it was otherwise. Sam can clearly tell this, ‘cause he folds without pressing.
The Mark’s whispering voice takes on a wheedling tone in his head, begging.
“Huh.” Cas says, in a tone that makes Dean vividly aware that Cas knew exactly what was going on and there’s no way he can bullshit his way through this.
civilisations rising and falling. He will not be beaten by a chair.
They lose Dean to the Earth Hall almost immediately. He pretends to scoff at the Renewable Energy exhibit, but within minutes he’s been sucked into the solar panel display, wandering around and making gleeful, childish noises of excitement as he pokes and prods and learns exactly how they work. Sam can almost literally see the gears turning in his head, and he knows that the moment they’re back in the bunker suddenly everything is going to become solar powered.
“Research.”
“Get OUT!”
“I’m sure whatever we’re missing, Sam and Charlie will have covered.”
“Quitting’s for losers.” Dean informs him, grandly.
“She said to grab a table and she’ll bring all of our drinks over together.”
“What is this place?”
“Not quite as intense as usual.”
He’s visibly shaken. Blackouts he’s had, illusions he’s fought through. This is neither and fucking both.
Lucifer decodes Dean’s babble, discerns that he doesn’t think Sam said yes. Disappointing, but anticipated. Lucifer is prepared.
“But it’s
“He is my friend, and he is my brother. Don’t you dare accuse me of not caring.”
“You’re—”
“What about poetry?”
He’s headed for the mother of all fucking freakouts, and he’s vaguely aware of it. The looming storm on the horizon that you see coming, but that still somehow takes you by surprise when the first boom of thunder rings out.
It seems too big a
Still, she hasn’t survived for this long without being able to understand people, and Cas might not be human, but he’s still a person.
“That’s not the worst bit though. The people he kidnaps, he takes them to warehouses, gets them hooked on heroin and tortures them, denies them the drugs unless they beg him for the knife.”
Cas shrugs. “Maybe you shouldn’t have betrayed me and insulted my cooking, then.”
“Are you taking me outside to put me out of my misery?” Cas asks, taking the winter wear from Dean and putting it on without arguing. He’s learned.
The man who said no to Michael, and doomed them to slow death, slow poison, because of it.
“It comes with a skull shaped bottle full of smoke?”
“Dean,”
“Dignity?” They both laugh at that. “How about we play for an IOU?”
Dean’s phone rings again. This time he just ignores it, grits his teeth and waits for the ringing to stop.
He puts the bottle back, turns away from the fridge and heads to one of the empty bedrooms, feels around under the mattress until his fingers close on cool glass.
The sort of boredom that is dangerous for normal people, never mind the people for whom boredom is the most dangerous thing, their worst enemy. Recovering addicts.
“Yes.”
“Just spit it out.” Cas says, “Please.”
“Oh, sorry.” He’s suddenly self-conscious, hadn’t even realised his attempts to relieve his irritation had been noticed.
There’s no time for caution now, something is coming and its footfalls are shaking the earth, rattling up through Dean’s skin and bone and making his teeth chatter and shake.
“But that’s impossible.”
“Oh, Cas.”
“About time.” She says, sweeping past Dean and setting a wooden bowl on the table. It’s on fire, and Dean nearly snaps at her to be careful of burn marks on his nice table, but he resists.
“I meant what I said about seeking me out after your boyfriend carks it.” She says with a leer. It’s how she’s figured to get a rise out of Cas. The only thing that appears to work.
Dean tries. “Sam, if it’s really you, tell me to fuck off.”
“How do you – nevermind.”
They fall asleep together, hungover as fuck, but happy despite it.
“Oh.”
He’s holding Dean back.
Cahor fingers the shard of glass in his hand, admires the bloody sheen as he holds it up to the light. Half the job done, another half to go.
Cas nods absently, takes Dean’s hand and stretches it out so that the Mark is in view. Dean has a habit of hiding his right arm when it’s bare, curling it into his body so that the Mark isn’t visible.
“If this doesn’t—”
Lucifer bathes Dean in his grace, pushes him against the cage well, cheek sizzling and burning with hellfire and god’s light.
“Sam.”
bacon.” Cas wearily corrects himself.
“Good.”
“Betrayed even by my closest ally.” Dean holds his hand over his heart, mock wounded.
They don’t even have the grace to look sheepish or guilty. He can see them eye-fucking in the mirror, smirking and being generally impossible.
“That can’t be all you did.” Cas growls.
“Watch me try.”
“I’ll drink to that.” Dean snorts, relegating that near fucking miss to the pile of
He briefly entertains the idea of fingering himself, decides against it. Instead he works his hand into his hair, massages his scalp with a gentle but insistent touch. The way Dean would sometimes, when he was angling for a blowjob.
“I couldn’t exactly go anywhere.” Crowley rattles his chains with a bored look, trying to convey just how fed up he is of being locked up in uncomfortable basements. He’s the king of hell. That makes him an important prisoner. You’d think they’d at least give him a book, or a sofa.
“IKEA will still be there when we get back. So will the bunker.”
“I know. I’m joining you.”
managed to get Cas killed. So many fucking reasons. I can’t see them letting me past the pearly gates.
“Charlie’s family,” Dean butts in, and Sam is so confused by the apparent non-sequitur that he lets himself be interrupted. “But she’s got her own life and her own problems. And you, you’ve always wanted to get out of the life eventually. And I don’t begrudge you that, I don’t, but when you do, Cas is all I’m gonna have left – and I don’t even mind that.
“What else, Cas?” Dean grinds out, trying not to be angry, trying not to begrudge Cas for wanting to protect him.
“He seems pretty normal to me.”
Charlie dumps Dean on the bed, is about to turn away and settle herself on her own, when she hears a low mumble.
“I’m giving him the choice, Sam. Free will. It’s what we’ve all fought and fucking died for.”
Sam does a good job, keeps it in for the entire journey. Okay, maybe he takes it out on the car’s suspension a little bit, but Dean keeps his mouth shut, doesn’t complain.
Tahariel steps in front of Sam and Dean.
There we go.
“Real fucking professional, Dean.”
“So that’s it, you’re giving up?”
He steps into the room, surveys it grimly. The book are torched, and all the files too. All that knowledge, all that expertise. The job Abaddon began has been well and truly finished, and all Dean can think is how hard Sam must have begged Lucifer to stop this, not to taint his hands with—
He puts it in his pocket, flips off the light and leaves.
“Then, and it was kinda weird. He looks down at his basket and gets this really strange look in his eye, like maybe kinda spooked, or something? Anyway, he sorta muttered something under his breath, and then he turned tail and left.”
“It has to be drawn by an angel.”
The display lasts for nearly half an hour – the palms she had to grease for that, honestly. She didn’t put the display together herself – trusting to an expert to do that, and she’s glad she did. It’s phenomenal to watch reds and blues and greens chasing each other across the sky. Bursting to light again and again. It should be repetitive, but somehow it’s hypnotic. There’s a playlist going in the background too, bassy and loud, covering the whistling of the rockets and making it more of a surprise when each new spark burst to light.
Sam locks, bolts, and padlocks the door, hoping that’s enough to stump Cas’s burgeoning lock picking skills. It’s not like there’s a sigil – that he knows anyway – for keeping people out of rooms. This would’ve been easier when Cas was an angel, but then if he was an angel, they wouldn’t need to do any of this in the first place, so that’s a stupid fucking train of thought to go down.
Lucifer giggles, leans down and whispers in her ear. “Or perhaps a morning star.”
“Yup.”
“You said you wanted me to survive this shit, so I hid, happy?”
“Fine. But—”
When he was training to be a hunter Dean told him to trust his instincts. Good advice at the time, not so much any more. These days his instincts are always screaming bloody murder at him. Trust no-one. Everyone you love is about to be destroyed. Fear everything.
“Legitimate reasons.” Cas confirms.
“Here’s what we do—”
“You wanna try?”
And it is
She continues to rattle of a half dozen suggestions, all of which Cas vetoes. Mostly just to be a dick about it.
Dean ignores the carnage, kneels down in front of him, to check for injuries.
“Maybe you’re right, Sam.”
“Twice.” He says, eyes still hidden. “Twice, I’ve gone against this angel and let him escape.”
Cas doesn’t know why he asks. Lucifer is going to do whatever he wants. That’s the price.
Dean raises an eyebrow.
“Is – is Sam real too?”
He starts to whisper an exorcism and the demon snarls. It squeezes his throat tighter, so that air can barely even escape it. Cas tries to bite down, make it let go. Doesn’t succeed.
Sam finally realises what’s annoying him so much about the whole situation. She’s not taking it seriously. None of them are, except maybe him and Crowley. Dean appears to not give a shit, just standing there and taking it. Cas is shuffling and quiet, none of the usual determination and fury he brings to trying to save Dean, and Rowena is prancing around like it’s a great big fucking joke.
“I don’t mind, if you don’t know.”
He must be somewhere else in the hotel, hopefully not propping up the bar already. Yeah, they’re on vacation, but there’s a fine line between partying and alcoholism and Sam always worries about which way Dean is going to tip.
“I’m well aware of the dangers of large vertical drops, thank you.”
Lucifer doesn’t leave him in pain for long, heals the finger and relaxes his stifling hold on Cas’s grace.
“Of course not, buddy.” Dean’s voice almost cracks with relief and he tries to cover it. “You’d never– you’re the last person I think would betray us like that.”
It’s like trying to fight his way through a thorn bush, the harder he pushes, the more it hurts. It doesn’t even seem to end, either. The further in he tunnels, the thicker and darker it gets. There’s no sign of light, or life. No sign of anything that isn’t darkness and thorns.
Cas pushes himself up to the bed, looks at his hands. Still trembling faintly. He’s a coward. A godawful, useless coward. It’s been months and he hasn’t even looked Cahor in the eye – hasn’t even thought about what to do with him.
“This is absolute garbage.” Dean says, for what is neither the first, third, or even fifth time as they attempt to trudge their way through an episode of some bottom of the barrel Netflix documentary.
Dean laughs bitterly, ‘cause he’s heard those words before, directed at someone else.
Hannah shrugs
“This time you were definitely gone. No heartbeat, Sam can confirm. You were dead, and the Mark brought you back.”
This is Cas, the guy who can do anything he wants to, when he puts his formidable mind to it. Sam wouldn’t put it past him to fucking crawl out of the bunker while he was asleep, if the whim took him.
And hell if Dean’s ever gonna say no to that, but he wants to get the lube within reach before they carry this on.
“Cas?” Dean asks, without looking up from his saucepan. Gone are the days when Cas could sneak up on him – this stupid clacking stick and his Darth Vader breathing see to that. “What’re you doing up, buddy?”
“Get the kid to hospital. I’m going.”
“I didn’t die. Not in the dream, not out here either, right?”
I forgot to put Sam in the tags somehow lmao. Rest assured, Sam Winchester is actually in this fic and I have now added the tag.
Dean snorts. “She was powerful enough to get the drop on me and give you a run for your money. Doesn’t seem like failure to me.”
“Um, maybe. Yeah.”
“Since you pulled up into the drive, yeah.”
He pushes the first one into her skull, wiggles it about a bit while she screams. It’s quickly joined by another, and another, until suddenly, she’s silent. Her eyes are glazed and her jaw is slack.
“You heard what it said.”
“Impossible.” Crowley’s tone is dismissive. “Neither purgatory nor my spell is that powerful. If it had a prior claim on him, perhaps. Maybe if he was a bloody dragon, for instance.” He says flippantly.
He notices Dean’s not in the bed with him. That’s not unusual, but it sparks at the nagging feeling in his chest. There’s something, something not right. He needs to find Dean.
“Yes.”
Dean’s mood gets fouler and fouler as they get nearer the bunker – no thanks to Lucifer, who has stopped just putting songs Dean hates on the radio and moved onto ones that are horrifyingly situationally appropriate. Anything that mentions the devil, basically.
“Racists or Republicans, you reckon?” Sam asks.
Cas’s temper frays, snaps.
If Sam had his way he’d hook Cas up to a fucking sedative drip for the next two weeks, keep him unconscious while the junk works its way out of his system.
Dean laughs.
“I’m still reeling that you know that was Darth Vader.”
"I'm just tired, still."
The drive to New Orleans is long, but so, so worth it. Dean, predictably, gorges himself so much on the first night that he struggles to move.
“You don’t have to drink it, save it for the people who actually appreciate it.”
“You’re overthinking.”
“Sam, you said certain magic stresses make you more vulnerable to others.” Dean adds, in a grudging tone. Like admitting that the Mark of Cain, the embodiment  of evil,  is a strain on him is akin to admitting he’s weak and pathetic.
Huh. It feels like progress, and it comes with a tangled mess of hope and dread.
All the energy goes out of Dean and he slumps down on the bed. He knows he has to get the ball rolling on this, start saving Cas, but right now, he can’t make himself get up.
He doesn't feel ten hours rested. He feels jittery – too much caffeine on too little sleep wired.
“He’s immune to my grace – he’s fighting me. I can’t even see the extent of the damage, never mind fix it.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Lucifer, of course, has other ideas. He tuts, wrests Cas’s attention back to the here and now.
“Grab him. Take him to a motel and call Hannah. I’ll follow when I’ve dealt with this son of a bitch.”
Dean does a double take.
her.”
The room is empty, only sign of life a green glow in the centre. The source of the illumination is a bowl which flickers with emerald flames, twisting and dancing to an invisible breeze. Rowena picks her way carefully over to it, attempts to pick it up.
“My pleasure.”
There’s an honest to god audible gulp as the offending parties – because Dean has no doubt Cas had several somethings to do with this – notice where his attention is directed.
Dean punches Sam on the arm.
“But maybe once we’ve sorted all of this out, we could put this thing to some more extracurricular uses.”
"So, I guess, rest in peace, Cas. You’ve earned it.”
“You can’t deal with your trauma like a normal fucking person, can’t come to a funeral and express it in a fucking healthy way. No. You decide to get blind fucking drunk, with a
But this is all just a distraction that Cas’s brain is throwing up to try and keep the growing horror and shame at bay. He supposes really, he should be abstractly grateful for the horror. Horror means he doesn’t want to repeat it. That this was a temporary lapse caused by his fragmented mental state.
Unless he does something about it.
“Look, he doesn’t come in the gym while we’re doing your exercises, does he?”
Her tired brain takes a few moments to catch up, and then she looks at her computer, which is now running an actual program instead of just meaningless strings of fake code. She set the real thing to start kicking around 6am – a scan of all the possible hotspots within park boundaries.
“Yes, Cas. You’ll still be a brown blob.”
With a sigh he lets it fall to his side, retreats to his home away from home – the kitchen. He was supposed to be making food, anyway.
“Look, I get that you need to hope, but—”
“Only just.”
Who promptly manages to accidentally fumble an impressive trick shot – jumping the cue ball over the ball in front of it without touching – which slightly less impressively pots the black.
“Where to?”
Dean’s mouth is full of copper, and he realises that he’s not standing up. When did that happen? He coughs and there’s more blood. Always blood. It’s coated his hands for longer than he can remember and now it’s worked its way up to his throat and mouth too. It’s a fitting way to go, he thinks grudgingly, drowning in all that blood that he’s spilled.
Dean looks so excited that Cas hesitates to ruin it for him, but he has to.
“Aside from what I’m pretty sure is a cracked rib—”
“The third Harry Potter film came out.”
“You don’t have to order it. There have gotta be places nearby you could buy a sofa-bed from.”
“Fuck me?” He gasps into the dark hairs of Cas’s crotch, suddenly unable to make eye-contact.
“Look, I get you don’t wanna spend time with him, but, well. It’s a small bunker. He’s gonna notice, sooner or later.”
He wants to text back and say no, you’ve got more important things to do. I’ll be fine, I am fine.
That’s a solid, physical sensation, a weakness and a tingling in your muscles. This feels deeper, deep enough that if he didn’t know how bullshit that was, Dean would say it’s in his soul. But nah, it can’t be that. Might be his internal organs, though. He briefly wonders if he’s getting paid back for the heart attack that should’ve killed him all those years ago, or maybe it’s his liver waving the white flag, like thank you and goodnight I did my best but now it’s time for me to bow out, good luck.
“Pancake batter first. C’mere, you can’t see what I’m doing from there.”
Dean doesn’t say anything, running over what Sam said in his head. Eventually he speaks, half tries to justify himself, and hates himself for it.
“No, but—”
Charlie sets her phone to vibrate every time Cahor moves to a new location – and god bless paranoid malls and their overzealous security because he’s moving a hell of a lot.
Sam curses, presses harder, but the flaw is in his design, not his finger strength and he falls further behind, watches as Cas’s sails home.
“Like what?” Dean starts, and then shakes his head. “No, we don’t have time for this. You can explain on the way, or whatever.”
“Hey, hey. It’ still Cas’s turn.”
He feels like he’s floating in limbo and maybe if he doesn’t acknowledge his problems they’ll just hang there, preserved in formaldehyde – never rotting and decaying away into something he can move past, but also not fighting him anymore, either.
Lucifer laughs.
“Ow.” Charlie scolds, sitting up blearily as Sam scrambles to do the same, nearly falling off what he now realises is a sofa and not a bed.
“Might be nice.” Sam ventures. “To have some positive memories of standing around an open fire.”
“Pretty much.”
And Dean’s response is perfect, upset, grovelly. Like he realises he fucked up and is going to do everything within his power to fix it. Like he’s going to wear his love and trust for Cas like a fucking t-shirt.
Dean doesn’t know whether he feels relief, or terror.
“Or?”
“I know a dismissal when I hear one.”
“Dorothy gave it to me. It’s, uh, how I got back here in the first place. You can use it to travel between worlds.”
“Hey, your mess. You deal with it.”
“My partner, he – did you see?” He can’t get the words out in sentences. Luckily the woman appears to understand.
Cas nods, suppresses a shudder at Dean’s breathing, warm on the side of his face.
And if that makes him happy, what Sam has to say next will make him lift off into space.
Cas stays blank, implacable.
Cas removes one hand from its tight grip on Dean’s hip, reaches down to fondle his balls and then stroke along his cock.  A few quick tugs have Dean throwing his head back, howling in delight as he comes, hard and fast. Cas catches the last spurt, rolls it between his fingers and pushes them, filthy wet, into Dean’s mouth. He moans again, arms collapsing out from under him, leaving his face buried in the sheets. He stays like this as Cas continues to pound into him, fucked out and moaning incoherently.
“Very funny. Fun Sam is asleep. Cranky Sam is the only thing holding this body upright at the moment.”
“Darling, nothing would give me greater pleasure.”
He expects Cas to follow him out of the room, but he doesn’t. By the time Dean comes back with the charger, Cas is engrossed in discussion with a female hunter. She’s maybe a few years older than Dean, and she’s very attractive. Would have been exactly Dean’s type, if he wasn’t already, y’know. Cas wanders off to plug in his phone and Dean is left alone with her.
“I’m not your friend.”
Sam runs into the kitchen, skidding along the floor and hoping to hell he left shoes somewhere around here – and comes to a dead halt. Because there’s Dean, fast asleep on Sam’s laptop, cheek mashing down half the keys as the poor machine repeatedly beeps an error message protest.
“I would, if I could—”
God this is a fucking mess. What happened to the good old days, when the most complicated questions he had to ask were:
Updates should be pretty regular, but you could probably bribe me to make them more regular with comments and kudos wink wink nudge nudge hahahahaha ;)
Cas never makes it to any of the other exhibits – he prowls through ten floors of animal caves, stroking his hands over the rock almost guiltily, loathe to wear away the stone and ruin the artwork, but desperate to touch, to feel, to understand.
Sam is really fucking fed up of things that make no sense and that he doesn’t understand, but because he’s Sam, he makes it his job to try and change that. He’s methodical about it, taps his fingers against Cas’s chest, the place where Dean’s head is pillowed. The result is... interesting.
Actually, he knows exactly what he’s going to get Cas as a token make up present. A mix tape, or CD, or memory stick, or whatever the fuck they’re calling it these days. Playlist, his brain finally supplies the right word. Playlist, you idiot.
“Angels are so hard to buy for. What can I do for you that you can’t mojo up yourself.”
Lucifer thinks, smugly. It’s less fun talking to Cas from the inside. Their thoughts still sound different, like the stolen voices of their longest running vessels. Nick and Jimmy. It’s much better when Lucifer sounds like Cas, reminding him with every poisonous little word what’s happened here.
“I’ll be doing it a different way.”
Dean is on his feet in an instant, looks back at Cas, torn between wanting to pursue whoever that was, and not wanting to leave Cas alone.
“There is no way in hell—”
Dean bursts back to awareness, spluttering and on edge. He lunges up at Sam with a furious, almost unhinged look on his face, and then he realises who it is, where they are, and he calms.
“This isn’t our room. Or our bed.” Dean’s voice takes on a sharp edge. “Why are we in here, Cas?”
Cas says, making no comment on his own mental state.
“You want to stay with him?”
“Look at her arms.”
“If you think I’m going to leave you here alone to do fuck knows what, you’re mad.”
“What are you trying to suggest?” Dean asks, calmly. Slowly.
Dean finishes the sigil, flexes his hand a couple of times and idly watches the wound to see if the flesh knits back together. It stops bleeding quicker than it ought to, but other than that it seems to be normal. He’s got a little while, it seems.
“Give it time.” Sam mutters.
Benny bounces his fists, decks Dean and Cas with all the force he possesses.
He runs for hours, until the muscles in his thighs start to cramp. Except, he examines it, and he realises they don’t actually hurt, so much as he expects them to hurt. In the waking world he’d long have needed a sit down and maybe a small heart attack. Here, as long as he doesn’t think about it, he’s fine. He doesn’t really dwell too much on the significance of that though, it might be a dream with deadly consequences, but it’s still a dream. His legs aren’t actually moving.
“We do have his back.”
“She did call it.” Cas points out, reasonably.
In the memory Lucifer carries on going, spells out the word ‘abomination’. It’s gruesome and uneven, blood distorting the letters.
They haul the demon into a devil’s trap and Lucifer backs off, winks at her behind Dean’s back.
Cas doesn’t say anything, which Dean takes to mean that either he’s okay with this, or he’s dead – no fucking not that. No flippant fucking remarks of that tone you cold bastard.
“That’s your message then, I imagine.”
“True quality is worth paying for.” She informs him, but there’s no real snobbery in her tone so Dean just lets it slide.
Dean is the first to break it.
Cas says, slowly, like he’s patiently explaining to a toddler that no, kid, food is for eating, not for throwing.
He has to be angry, because the moment he stops being angry, he’ll fucking break down into a sobbing mess on the floor. Anger is the only emotion stronger than grief, the only one that can smother it. So it’s anger he turns to.
“I want to kiss you.”
Dean rolls his shoulders, like he’s squaring up for a fight. It’s never a good sign.
“Asshole.”
“Uh-uh. You said you wanted to learn. You’re gonna learn. And if you pay attention and do what you’re told, I might even reward you later.”
Now for the difficult part, of course. God, but doing the right thing is such drearily hard work sometimes. She scouts around for a suitable place, a clearing or a gap, finds none. With an irritable frown she creates one, uses a spell to rip the offending foliage out of the soil and tosses it to the side.
Cas works him like that for a while, and then grabs the lube, slathers it on his fingers, slips one in and starts stretching Dean out. He’s rewarded with a low, rumbling moan and a renewed grinding motion from Dean.
