“No,” Peter says. He fills up another cup with water, this time throwing it in a wide semicircle and splashing Tony’s dress shirt. “Your job is Iron Man. You fight bad guys.”
Steve curled his fingers through Tony’s hair, tugging his face up. “There’s nothing to be scared of.”  Tony kissed him again, harder this time, pushing into his mouth until Steve was groaning in protest.  He wrenched his mouth away, gasping, as Tony traced the outline of his swollen lip with his thumb.
Bruce is the first to make his way back to Tony’s, Stephen Strange in tow. In his dark jeans and cowl neck sweater Strange has a more grandfatherly than sorcerer vibe. He sits next to Peter, who they’ve managed to subdue with cartoons, and makes complicated motions with his finger tips, streaks of light trailing in his wake.
“Alright kiddo, that’s enough television.” He flicks off the TV and within minutes, they’ve built an impressive fort of sofa cushions. Tony watches, one ear on Hope and Bruce’s conversation, the other listening to Peter screech with delight as he body crawls around the living room.
His heroics put him in the compound’s medical wing for days, in and out of a high fever state, his body reacting violently to the exposure, while Bruce tried frantically to mitigate the damage. They put him in a coma for three days, so his organs wouldn’t completely shut down. When he woke, Steve was at his bedside, eyes sunken in, his mouth that same, thin, pursed line.
There was the tell tale flinch of Steve’s jaw that meant he was annoyed. “I get cold easy,” was all he said before he pulled the covers up around his shoulders and curled onto his side.
He’s hot and achingly hard and Tony sets the pace for them, slowly fisting Steve’s dick up and down, creating just enough friction for it to feel good. He leans over him, breathing moist and heavy into Steve’s mouth, until Steve untangles his hand, and grips Tony’s hip instead.
It’s a surprise to them both when Peter jerks out of her arms. “I don’t wanna go! I’m staying with Mr. Stark!”
“Hmm.” Steve nods in affirmation, eyes still glassy and weak. His arms are on top of the blankets, dotted with round, symmetrical puncture wounds. The clinical nature of the marks unsettle Tony even more. He’s about to leave, let Sam have his turn, when Steve looks up at him, uncertain.
They walked the rest of the way back in silence, trudging through the wet, slushy snow and Tony regretted not calling a car. By the time they reached the hotel 15 minutes later, Tony was freezing though somewhat calmer.
The offer sent an unexpected tingle up Steve’s spine and his stomach flared with a kind of heat he hadn’t experienced in years.
“The kid is my responsibility, Steve.” He keeps going, before Steve can protest. “Before he’s anyone else’s responsibility, he’s mine. I have to keep him safe. I have to make sure he makes it back to May every night. You get that right? I wasn’t there in Manila, and I wasn’t there tonight.”
They laid still for a few minutes, harsh panting filling the room. With the fog of desire and sex lifting, Tony came to his senses. “Shit.” He cursed and rolled onto his back, trying to get his breathing back under control.
Right after, in those crucial, post-orgasmic moments, Tony had cupped the side of Steve’s face, searching and failing for the right thing to say. Steve excused himself from the sofa then, stripped down to his undershirt and walked away, leaving Tony a little shell shocked. It was bound to happen he told himself. They’d come a long way back to each other, from the Accords and Bucky and finally defeating Thanos. It was stupid, frankly, that they hadn’t already done it.  Plus, it was only sex.  A physical build up of desire and need, that, once excised, didn’t need to happen again.
“Can I come in?” He opens the door without waiting for an answer, finding Steve clad only in a towel and hunched over the sink, breathing hard. Toiletries are scattered cross the clean slate floor.
“I’m fine,” Steve says. His voice is slightly horse. Tony can just make out dark thumb prints at the bottom of his throat, as if he’s been choaked. A bruised trachea, then.
Tony’s face flushed, the mention of it enough to make his stomach flip. “Jesus Christ,” he muttered, glancing up to make sure the room was still empty. “No. Of course not.”
“It was my plan,” Steve says. “It was supposed to be a normal hostage rescue. We didn’t know we’d need air support or heavy weaponry.”
Steve pushed the door to room 438 open and looked at Tony with an unmistakable twinkle in his eye. “You want to carry me over the threshold?”
“No I don’t,” Peter yelps as Tony picks him up without ceremony. Bruce grabs his hand as he passes the table.
Tony almost chokes on his coffee, but Steve’s smile turns into a smirk. “You know, I think that sounds like a great idea.”
With the wet heat of Kara’s mouth all around him and Tony holding him in place, he felt trapped, almost panicky with the loss of control, everything too much and somehow not enough at the same time.
“Not unless its urgent, I said. I was wrapped in the suits and I thought—” Tony stares at the floor. “I thought, it can wait a few minutes.”
“I’m just efficient is all,” Tony mumbled. “I didn’t blow anything up. I just work faster than the CIA.”
He thinks about Steve’s dreams, the specific kind of horror they must dredge up, and if Steve wakes up, fighting back tears, a scream trapped in his throat. A gust of wind blows Steve’s hair across his forehead, and Tony fights the urge to push his hair back, rub his thumb along that stern crease of his mouth.
“Take off your coat, come on.” Tony said. He’d already hung up his suit jacket and poured himself a drink. Steve wouldn’t be able to get drunk off anything here, but he gulped down the whiskey Stark passed him, mostly out of habit.
He gets better by degrees, spending more time asleep then awake over the course of a week. Steve’s presence is constant, if not always front and center. Most of the time, there’s someone else in the room when he wakes up--either Happy or Pepper or Rhody or Natasha--but it’s never Peter.  He tries to ignore it, let the kid have his space but his spirts sink every time the parade of faces through his room doesn’t include the one attached to a mess of brown curls.
Steve pulls May into his arms, holding her while Tony stands there helpless, thinking about Manila, how still Peter had been when he came back.
“I do this only for you, you know that, right?” Tony tells him as he dries his hands. It gets a smile out Steve.  “I know,” Steve says. He used to just leave them until Steve had made a stink about Tony being too reliant on the staff.
He cries out as he pushes inside her again and again, no control or finesse in his movements, just an erratic rhythm as he tries to fuck her while she lifts her hips to meet him. He’s losing himself again, trying to regain some kind of control but failing as everything around him becomes light and sensation.
“Oh my god, Tony, we’re aging here, just pick one,” Natasha shifted her luggage from one shoulder to the other. “These bags aren’t getting any lighter.”
“Technically, all we’ve been doing is sleeping together.” Tony willfully misunderstood her question. “The bed’s supposed to be a queen but really it’s like a twin, and trust me, Steve takes up way more space than you’d think.”
“I know a great spot, if you’re interested,” he said leaning in and taking another sip of his drink. He wore a three piece suit without the jacket, shirt sleeves rolled up.  Steve had caught himself staring more than once at the bare strip of his forearms. “They’re very discreet. The women are wonderful, everyone is safe, it’s really a lovely way to spend the evening.”
“Steve?” He stands outside Steve’s bedroom, straining to hear anything from the inside. The door is locked but his access code still works, and he enters with a loud rap of his knuckles. The room is empty, Steve’s jeans and sweatshirt thrown onto the bed. He’s about to call his name again when there’s a loud crash from the bathroom, followed by muffled cursing.
“Fuck,” Tony whispers, kissing along the hollow of Steve’s throat, while his hands continue to work.
“Actually, I don’t see why you’re taking this so well.” Tony eyed him suspiciously. “I should be the last person you want to share a room with.”
Steve squeezed Tony’s fingers at the mention of the word, at the declaration of where the evening was headed.
“It could fly,” Peter says. His little hand finds the edge of Tony’s shirt collar again, rubbing it idly. “It had big machine wings that were always moving and big, green eyes.”
Cursing them both, she reached down and grabbed the back of Steve’s head, pushing him harder between her legs, crying out as Steve’s tongue teased out a powerful orgasm.
“You might actually stay drier if you get into the tub with him.” Steve sits on the closed toilet, arms already folded across his chest.
There’s warm wetness pooling around his back, the tackiness of blood gluing his t-shirt to his skin. Considering he’d taken heavy fire and crash landed from a few thousand feet, he’s surprised to be alive at all.
He was going to have to fix that he thought. Either put one in Steve’s room at the compound, or add one in here. He’d buy the building if he had to to make it happen.
He doesn’t want Steve to beg, that’s not what this is about, so Tony speeds up his strokes, remembers that Steve likes it firm and quick, and works him until Steve’s eyes are shut tight, his nails digging into the arm rests of Tony’s chair. Steve lets out a groan at the change of pace, something between pain and pleasure that makes Tony press their bodies closer, till his leg is wedged between Steve’s thigh. He pushes Steve’s legs open just a little wider, and it feels good enough that Steve’e mouth drops open, a long, low moan escaping his lips.
“Just stay in the damn jet next time,” Steve practically begs. Before he can reveal himself completely, he buries his face against the side of Tony’s neck and kisses his temple. He tightens his grip on Tony’s hand, squeezes his fingers till they hurt.
“OK,” Steve says. He keeps his eyes on Tony, hasn’t flinched at all as Tony turns onto his side, sweeping his fingers in a half-arc across Steve’s chest. For a while, he doesn’t do much more than that, letting one hand idly explore Steve’s body. He keeps his touches gently, brushing finger tips across Steve’s belly, along his chest and side, until his eyes close and his breathing comes a little easier.
Sam’s jaw was twitching, just like Steve’s did. “By my count it’s at least 7. I don’t care if you’re sleeping with them or not, but what do you think it does to him, to see that?”
He threads their fingers together under the table for a brief moment, before steeling himself back up.
“They used the tunnel in the lab but it looks like some kind of….remote connection activated the one in Scott’s van,” Hope says.
They had spent a lot of time together over the years and Tony had seen Steve in pretty much ever state of dress and undress through all that time. He’d seen Steve shirtless often enough and had even (accidentally) walked in on him once while he was showering. Still, in all that time, he’d never seen Steve like this. His face was freshly scrubbed, his hair slightly damp at the temples and brow.  Barefoot and clad only in a worn Army t-shirt and a pair of soft looking plaid pajama pants, he looked vulnerable in a way Tony hadn’t anticipated. The sight of his bare toes curled against the cold floor was somehow more intimate than seeing him naked.
Somewhere in the afternoon, Tony keeps meaning to go back to the lab to help Bruce but lingers in the apartment with Steve instead. When Peter wakes up from his nap, Tony swipes away what little work he managed to stare at and they tear open a giant LEGO spaceship set.
Sam sits on one of the overstuffed leather sofas in the waiting room, staring up at them both. “It was bad, how we found him.” As a habit, they’re not in the business of keeping details from each other, but something in Sam’s voice lets Tony know he doesn’t want to keep going.
His own nakedness made him acutely aware that Tony was still dressed, and he worried, irrationally, that Tony would step away now, leaving him alone.
Tony slid into bed first, watched as Steve hovered over him for an uncertain moment, before stepping out of his pants and shirt. Clad only in his boxers, he turned back the covers and climbed under, curling his muscular frame around Tony.
After a few minutes, he felt rather than saw the door open. Standing in front of him was a lovely young woman, petite with long dark hair and olive skin, and the barest hint of makeup on her face. She was barefoot, and wearing a silk kimono that just barely covered her breasts.
Tony takes Steve’s hand off his hip, squeezes it before putting it firmly on the bed. “Just let it feel good,” he says, kissing him slowly. “You’re safe now. You don’t have to fight so hard.” He pushes his tongue inside Steve’s mouth, licking against the soft palate, until Steve’s writhing under him, fingers tearing at the soft cotton of the bedsheet. “Come for me,” he says again and Steve rips his mouth away, his hand flying to his dick.
“It’s OK, I got it,” Steve says. As they leave, Peter places his feet on top of Steve’s and grabs hold of his outstretched hands. Steve does a Frankenstein walk, his legs moving stiffly out of the lab while Peter giggles uncontrollably.
Tony feels almost faint, blood rushing from his head, as he listens to Hope and Bruce run through the timeline. It’s Steve’s hand on his knee that brings him back.
Later, when Steve slid into bed wearing the same soft pajama pants and gray t-shirt, he tossed Tony the TV remote.
“I’m not scared,” he says, swishing his arms in the suds. “You’re Iron Man. You make sure I don’t get hurt.”
Sam pulled out a little sheet of paper from his pocket and unfolded it. “Did y’all fight about the TV yet?” he asked, eyes skimming the page.
As Steve circled and kissed her pussy, thrusting his tongue inside her, Tony caressed her clit, both of them achieving a subtle harmony of sexual affection that made her snap her hips up into Steve’s mouth.
Breathless and sweaty, Tony collapses forward, touching his forehead to Steve’s, and letting their breath mingle.
The weight isn’t the problem. Steve could carry him one-handed if he needed to, but one wrong jostle and his organs spill out.  As it is, he’s losing a lot of blood.  “I’m going to get you out of here, Tony. No matter what.”
“We’re sure,” Tony says, looking down at the mop of brown hair. Peter’s curled around his leg, his face half buried in Tony’s pants. “We found his clothes near Scott’s van, plus the video log shows Peter in the hanger. He comes in, looks around and boom, everything just flashes to white.“
A few hours later, Steve is out of the hospital and wanders into the common room, where they’ve all been gathered. There’s some stiffness in his gait and Natasha takes care not to crush him in her embrace, but he looks mostly fine. Steve’s color is good, his face free of cuts and bruises.
They ate mostly in silence, alternately watching the fire or swiping through their phones, but it was easier than before. For the first time all day, Tony felt himself relax.
He wakes to early morning light filtering into the room. The drapes haven’t been shut and streaks of pale gold cross the bed, creating little windows of light across Steve’s bare back. With no one to judge him for doing so, Tony lets himself stare at Steve’s profile, watching the steady rise and fall of his chest. In this light, Steve’s hair is more golden than brown, his lashes stark against his pale skin. Unable to help himself he grazes the back of his hand against Steve’s cheek, feeling the scratchy coarseness of his beard. Usually a light sleeper, Steve doesn’t even stir. He trails light finger tips across Steve’s back, marveling at the muscled smoothness. The serum heals fast enough that there are no scars from his ordeal in the barn, no bodily proof of the horror he suffered through. It’s with a pang of deep sadness that Tony realizes that Steve’s body heals quickly, so his spirit has no choice but to play along, whether it wants to or not.
He throws the shield to Peter, who barely manages to catch it through his surprise. Steve shows him how to balance his weight, how even the smallest flick of his wrist changes the angle of the throw. They stay at it for longer than 10 minutes, until Tony comes looking for them for dinner.
“It’s no one’s fault.” Steve holds his gaze, but there’s a waver in his voice. “It’s part of the gig, right?”
“Nothing good,” he said, eyes lingering on the turned over metal table, covered in what looked like chicken wire. He crouched down next to it, fingers pulling at the taught carbon steel. The edges of the barb had rusted over with dried blood, likely from the length of time spent digging into Steve’s skin. Tony was too scared to examine anything else more closely, for fear of what would be revealed, but it all pointed to an inevitable conclusion. Steve had spent eight days trapped in this hell, his body being abused, cut and violated.
“They don’t like it when you do that.”  Tony jumped a little at the sound of Peter’s voice behind him.  He picked up the place card anyway and swapped it for the one he was holding in his hand.
“Missed you in the hospital,” Tony says quietly.  “Thought maybe you’d want to see if I made it out alive.”
“She’s basically a spy. Like an evil one. Not a good one, like Natasha. I’m pretty sure I did a good thing here.”
“You’re safe here,” he says, pressing wide parabolas across Steve’s shoulders, hoping to replace pain with something he hopes is comfort. Steve’s body has been made for war, a magnificent tool of violence and carnage. It has been beaten, attacked, experimented on. How many people, Tony wonders, a lump forming in his throat, have touched it with nothing but love and care?
“Peter,” Hope squats next to him “If it becomes a really long time and you don’t see us, I want you to hit this red button on your hand OK? It might help us find you.”
Steve keeps his eyes straight ahead, and Tony stares at his profile, catches the slight clench of his jaw. “No, but I don’t think a week goes by that I don’t dream about Bucky reaching for my hand.”
He almost lets things slip when they’re like this, wrapped up so tight in each other that Steve has no room to hide anything. There are words he could say as Tony works him open with his fingers while his mouth sucks at his erection, but he clenches his jaw, fisting his hands through Tony’s hair until he comes down his throat. Still sensitive and sore, a groan escapes Steve’s mouth as Tony continues to push his fingers inside him, slow but relentless. Steve drops his head back, and grips the sheets, the sensation overwhelming already.  He squeezes his eyes shut as Tony removes his fingers, lines up and enters him in one swift move.
“Hi.” Tony reaches down, picks Peter up into his arms. Peter snuffles at the movement, but doesn’t wake.
“It’s four nights,” Steve said as the elevator dinged to a stop. “You know, I’m starting to take this personally.”
It hadn’t taken much to get Steve off last night, whatever happening with his body making him so hard and so sensitive that working him to an orgasm had been easy. “Take off your sweater,’ he says and after a moments hesitation Steve obeys. Tony’s not used to obtaining Steve’s acquiescence so easily, and his stomach flips a little at the easy way Steve takes orders.
“Relax, she’ll be here,” Tony said. “You’re so wound up right now I don’t trust you not to just jump out the window and make a break for it.”
Tony’s never been a kid person, hasn’t —well, not until recently anyway—felt any kind of paternal stirring or need. Now though, he looks at Peter’s little legs and lopsided ears, and affection wars with a sense of panic. He’s about to ask FRIDAY to look up the best nannies in New York when Steve pushes through the door, hands full of shopping bags.
Tony lies down next to him, rubbing his back gently. “It was just a dream Peter,” he whispers, his own heart hammering in sympathy. “Nothing’s going to hurt you. I’m right here. You’re alright.” Tony kisses the side of his face, murmuring reassurances into Peter’s ear until his grip relaxes just the slightest.
“So, I know this isn’t technically fucking, but it’s pretty damn close. Maybe we should talk about this.”
Anyone with a healthy respect for privacy would turn around at this point, but Tony stays still, trying to piece together what’s happening. Steve looks at him over his shoulder, his fingers white against the sink. “I can’t remember what happened to me” he says. “Everything is fuzzy...just bits and pieces of things. Hell, you probably know more than I do.”
“Dr. Banner! Did it work?” He looks around the room, looks down at his own hands and feet, trying to gauge his size. “Guys, am I supposed to be naked under this suit?”
Peter sits back on his legs and considers Tony’s question. Instead of answering, he launches both action figures into Tony’s side, cackling maniacally as Tony tries to squirm away and that’s the end of that conversation. Now that Tony’s officially awake, Peter crawls all over the bed, enacting an epic but hardly realistic battle scenario, jumping around until he lands in an excited and victorious heap across Tony’s chest.
“He’s awake,” he says, rubbing the bridge of his nose. “Right now, he’s stable but we’re still running tests.”
In their sweep, they found vials of Steve’s blood, discarded needles, and a stock pile of anesthetic chemicals. There were two massive tanks that had once been filled with water, but were now broken open. In a corner, there was a row of scalpels, all in a neat line.
“Look at me,” Steve says. He takes Tony by the shoulders and leans in close enough that Tony can smell the barest hint of his cologne. A woodsy, spicy sent. Like winter in New England. Had it been a different kind of day, Tony might have leaned in and kissed him. “We made it out didn’t we? We’re alright.”
They had taken photos, documented everything, and let only a few trusted SHIELD agents clean up the mess. The report was written, he just hadn’t let anyone see it.
Steve captured his mouth and pushed his tongue along the flat of Tony’s mouth until he was desperate for air. “Do it,” he said. He twined his fingers together with Tony’s and let Tony set the pace for what he liked. “Cover me with it,” he gasped into Tony’s mouth. “Go ahead, mark me.” Tony groaned at the need in Steve’s voice, the way he didn’t pull back or away from Tony and everything he wanted, but leaned into it, as desperate as he was.  Tony stroked himself harder and faster, while Steve brushed his thumb in a circle over the wet head, whispering filthy things in his ear. ” He bit along Tony’s neck and Tony came with a sharp cry of pleasure, smearing wetness across both their clothes.
“Captain Rogers!” His voice booms across the room. He shakes Steve’s hand vigorously, congratulating him on his escape like Steve just won some kind of Ninja Warrior challenge. “Never a doubt you could do it, Captain.”
“I can’t,” Steve says before stoping to take another deep breath. When looks up at Tony again, his eyes are red rimmed, and he looks almost scared. “I can’t remember anything, not a single thing, Tony.” He clenches his jaw so hard, Tony see’s the muscle jump. “The last thing I remember is parachuting into the drop zone. After that, it was Bruce waking me up at the compound.”
“Anyway,” Peter said, not letting up.  “I think it’s cute. You’re switching place cards so you can sit next to Steve. Like I always swap seats so I can sit next to MJ.”
“That’s it, Rogers, that’s it. Just a little deeper,” Tony’s voice is constant. “I bet she feels so fucking good. You’re perfect like this, you know that.”
“What you did could get you in real trouble. Why do you never realize that?” Steve held his gaze for a moment, before pushing open the door to their room. Like a gentleman, he waited for Tony to walk through it first.
“Peter, stay back.” Steve tries to keep him away, but Peter shakes him off and cradles Tony’s head in his lap.
‘We cut it short. Wasn’t much reason to stay after the final session. No one felt like going to one last formal dinner.”
“You can tell me what you like, or,” she paused, already sensing Steve wasn’t going to be overly verbal. “I can tell you what I like. What makes me feel good. How I like to be touched.”
In the corner, Steve’s asleep on the sofa, Peter sprawled across his chest. The room is heavy with sleep and the sound of their quiet breathing. Tony stands in the doorway, watching the heavy rise of Steve’s chest, the up and down of his arm on Peter’s back, feeling something entirely new yet oddly familiar cement inside of him.
They walk down to the hanger together, Peter holding both their hands and swinging between them. Outside the door, Tony crushes him to his chest.
“Are you?” Tony asks. “This is not like you, Pete. We all work as a team.You don’t take matters into your own hands, even during a sim. You know that.”
Steve knows he should say something back, whisper his own words of affection, but he clamps his mouth shut just the same, and buries his face against Tony’s damp neck. In response, he curls his fingers tighter around Tony’s waist. It’s the best he can do.
“Looks like I won that bet. I knew you wouldn’t make it all four nights.” She kept talking when he didn’t answer. “I guess I should say thanks for leaving us the plane. At least we had a way to get back home.”
It empties him almost completely, leaving him shaky and unmoored, and he tips his forehead against Steve’s.
There’s real bite in his voice, which makes Tony push aside his work. He runs more than walks down to the large steel and glass enclosed building where all the truly crazy Avengers shit happens. He’s hurrying down the long atrium when Steve comes around a corner, also at a clip.
“I don’t know.” He sits Peter down on the kitchen island and digs through the refrigerator for juice. “I think he tried to tell me.”
It’s no one’s fault, Tony knows that, just a consequence of the superhero game, and yet, days later, he still hears Peter’s ragged breathing in his head.
“I know,” Tony says. He kisses the corner of Steve’s mouth, bites along his jawline before touching their foreheads together. “You’ve got a lousy poker face, Steve.”
“I don’t want anything you don’t want Tony,” he said. “Forget anything happened.” He stood ramrod straight and his face had the chiseled stoniness of his Captain America mask. It was the look he wore for visiting dignitaries and photo ops. It broke Tony’s heart to see it directed at him.
Steve walks him to the door, touching his arm lightly. “Don’t do anything stupid, Tony. If it looks heavy, call us in.”
Steve doesn’t answer him, just turns his face into his shoulder, eyes shut tight. He can’t work out if it’s pain or pleasure that flickers across Steve’s face, but Tony guesses it’s a little both. There’s wetness gathering at the head of Steve’s dick and Tony uses that to his advantage, smearing it around. He works his hand quicker, adding a little more pressure to the flick of his wrist on the up stroke, until Steve’s gasping harshly.
They walked further down a dimly lit hallway with rooms down both sides. Pendant lights, brass fixtures and the marble floor kept it from feeling seedy, but it didn’t help Steve’s uneasiness.
Because of the serum, Steve’s body heals rapidly, any breaks or cuts or bruises disappearing almost overnight. His hands are still raw not from saving Tony, but because he goes down to the gym at night, and works the punching bag till they tear back open.
“I asked him to stay but,” Steve trails off. “He’s worried about you, Tony. I just think it’s easier for him not to be here right now.”
May nods and pushes back her chair. She picks up a startled Peter and squeezes him tightly, kissing his face and hair. “I love you very much, you know that right Peter?”
He tightens his grip just a fraction and begins to work his hand up and down Steve’s rigid dick, which is starting to peak through the confines of the towel, already an angry shade of red. He keeps his movements light but efficient, brushing his thumb over the mushroom head until Steve’s breath starts coming in short, heavy bursts.
Tony slumps into the couch after May leaves as Peter pulls every book off the shelf and stacks it in the middle of the room. Occasionally, he’ll bring a book to Tony and hand it to him like a present. He smiles wide, like it’s the greatest gift anyone’s every given anyone else.
“I was in the lab, with the DND protocol on.” Tony says, the guilt already wiggling inside his brain. “His, you know, spidey sense must have gone off.” He pulls out a glass and fills it to the brim with juice, but Steve takes it from his hand before he can give it to Peter.
“What I know is that the failure rate for this is probably around 60%. What I have to decide is if I’m willing to live with the consequences.”
“In a second,” he says, distracted by the way, even in the dim light, he can see the fluid pearl just a little across the tip. He swipes at it again before freeing Steve totally from his boxers, his erection laying hard and long across his belly.
He held him there, kissing Steve till he felt like he was suffocating, desperate for air, both of them playing a game of chicken to see who could last the longest. Steve caved first, ripping his mouth away and gasping.  There was something rising in his chest, pushing against his sternum, a physical reaction he couldn’t really place. Steve was used to managing fear and sadness and anger, but this was love, affection, desire and it left him lost. He wanted Tony to kiss him like that again, for always. As they stared at each other, both breathless, Kara moved down his body, pushing his shirt open wider, her warm mouth lapping at the nipple Tony had been working previously.  He arched his back as she began to flick her tongue. Again, Tony’s hand against the side of his face kept him in place.
Steve shakes his head, knows that even though they’ve never talked about it, they’re moving closer to something more serious, more permanent. “Just… thank you,” Steve says. “For taking care of it.” For taking care of me, he means.
They’re both breathless and quiet in the aftermath, Tony watching the rise and fall of Steve’s chest in the mirror as he continues to gently stroke him through the aftershocks.
He walked away, leaving Tony alone in the corner, staring blankly at the cold, snowy vastness of the mountains in front of him.  All morning he had tried to push their brief love making out of his mind, but he knew the feel of Steve’s body, of him hard and aching in his hand, would stay with him always. There was only one choice that Tony had in all of this, but rather than run to it, he slipped out a side door and chartered a very last minute, very expensive private plane back to New York.
Before they part for the day, Tony slides an arm around his waist and pulls him in closer. “Hey.” He waits till Steve meets his eyes. “Kiss me for real before I go.” So Steve does, licking inside Tony’s mouth in soft little waves, fingers wrinkling the sleeve of his perfectly pressed suit.
“Good work today, Pete” Tony says.  It comes out more like a gasp, Tony’s chest heaving with the effort of each breath. He notes, gratefully, that the kid looks OK. No major damage sustained.
They eat cereal. Tony makes some toast and pours some juice, and it’s the last quiet minute he has all day. People start streaming in before he’s finished his first cup of coffee. Bruce informs him he’s going check for energy signatures in the hanger, Hope and Scott want a blood sample to see if Peter’s cell are aging and when Sam comes by with Natasha, he throws Peter up into the air until Tony’s worried his breakfast is going to come vomiting out.
“Are you kidding me? First of all, this drawing is rigged.” Tony planted his feet even as the others began to collect their bags and move to the elevator. “We already drew lots once, I don’t see why we had to do it again.”
“You do,” Steve said. He pushed back his chair so Tony could squeeze into the seat between them. “Just like a WWII jet plane.”
“Right,” Bruce says, moving for the door. “That’s what we need to get working on.” He heads off to find Stephen Strange, appoints Natasha and Sam to track down Scott Lang and Hope. “We’ve got this end of the problem, you handle…” Bruce waves in Peter’s general direction. “Everything else.”
There were boundaries between the two of them that didn’t get crossed, and despite the small bed and the cold night, there was a distant, rational part of him that knew this was a bad idea. They were both too volatile, too stubborn, for anything romantic to be a good idea. His brain understood the message well, but in this bed though, curled together in sleep, his body, traitorous and rebellious, had no chance of obeying. As he fell back asleep, Tony tried to direct his fingers to uncurl from around Steve’s waist, but instead they just brushed the bare, soft skin under his shirt.
He stepped around her and made for the exit, but Nat grabbed his arm. “If you want something, you should do something about it. Don’t keep him waiting forever. It’s not fair.”
“It’s alright,” Tony says again, his fist curled tight. “You don’t have to fight it.” He keeps his voice low, pushing his face so close to Steve’s they’re practically kissing. He pumps his hand faster now, speeding up his strokes, as Steve gasps and curses and then goes suddenly still as he comes in tight little jerks, all over the bed.
Tony rubs slow circles on his back, talks softly to him until Peter drifts off. He sleeps soundly for he rest of the night, but Tony stays awake for a long time, thinking about the past, the future and the trusting little body glued to his side.
“Flirting with me?” Steve’s eyes widened and he resumed his long, angry strides. “It’s called being polite. The motion was never going to pass. I was never going to allow it.”
His vision is starting to blur, his hearing going in and out, but he does hear Steve call his name sharply. He tries to respond, but it comes out as a weak moan.  Overhead, the roar of what he can only hope is the Quinjet gets louder, drowns out some of Steve’s more dramatic cursing. He’s in incredible physical pain, but he feels an odd sense of calm that Peter and Steve are here with him.
“It wasn’t grandstanding, OK. It was just...research," he said, as they made their way up to their room.
Tony chased after him, talking to Steve’s angry, retreating back. “In my defense, they were basically asking for our help with a military coup. Actually, not even
“Aren’t you supposed to be at a dinner or something?” Peter was sprawled across his bed in jeans and an oversize Stark Industries sweatshirt, playing a video game. He looked unsurprised to see him.
They pull apart and he collapses on top of Kara, spent and exhausted. In that white space between waking and sleep, Kara traces little kisses alongside his face. Tony strokes his back, petting him as he comes down.  Feeling shaky, he pulls out and rolls over onto his back, his cock splayed against his stomach. The bed dips as Kara rolls away and kisses them both goodbye. Shortly, Steve hears a door open and shut softly.
Sam shook his head, that same sad look on his face.  “He’s a grown man, Tony. I trust him to figure out what he wants for himself. You should too.”
“Like, an hour?” Peter glanced at the bedside clock. “Maybe 90 minutes?” He and Sam exchanged a look.
“You ready?” Steve asked pushing his chair back. His face had transformed completely. Whatever softness Tony had seen the night before vanished without a trace. A little crease appeared between his brow and his mouth narrowed to thin, stern line. It was his public face, the one that screamed Captain America, not Steve Rogers.
Unable to wait any longer, Tony frees his right hand and grasps his own erection, only needing to stroke himself once, twice before finally coming in sweet, delirious bursts along Steve’s chest.
“Bruce?” Tony stands next to him, eyes finally taking in the child. He has to clear his vision more than once, not totally believing his eyes.
“Just us,” Tony says. “Rhody, Bruce, Nat. And me and Sam.” He wouldn’t send it on to SHIELD, not until Steve was OK with it. There are more than a few government organizations breathing down their necks, feigning entitlement to something they have no right to.
“Like this?” Tony asks. It’s less bedroom talk and and more a request for feedback. Steve nods again, this time taking his hand and curling it briefly around Tony’s, guiding him to the exact rhythm he likes. It’s firmer and quicker than what Tony himself prefers, just shy of painful, but Steve groans at the change of pace, his head lolling onto one side. He’s close, Tony can tell, so he speeds up his strokes, going faster and firmer until Steve comes with a sharp cry that reverberates all through the bathroom.
Steve gave him one of his signature clipped nods before heading back inside, expression as grim as if he were facing down Hydra. Tony had been almost giddy, dumbfounded but pleased at Steve’s compliment before realizing he hadn’t said anything back.
“I think no fewer than 300 people saw me buying clothes at the store,” Steve says, reshelving books while they wait for the macaroni to cook. “And everyone had their cameras out. I think we’re in for a news cycle of “
“Then why did you leave?” Steve’s voice was quiet but there was a slight tremble to it. Tony went to him and stroked the side of his face. He saw the lines of exhaustion around his eyes and mouth, the slight stoop of even his strong shoulders. Tony had spent the last four days teasing and flirting and touching and Steve had withstood it all of it. As hard as it had been for Tony, it had probably been doubly so for Steve.
“Are you doing a mission? I can help too.” He looks ready to jump off his chair, but Steve smoothly steps in.
Slipping one hand between Kara’s legs again, Tony rubs lightly at her pussy, flicking her clit in time with Steve’s thrusts. She clamps down hard on Steve’s cock and comes again, making him cry out.
“You want to stop you just say, no ok?” Tony says and Steve nods, his face betraying a flicker of uncertainty. “Give me your hand,” he says and Steve almost protests, squeezes his eye shut in panic. “I’m right here,” Tony says again, his fingers still soothing. He fumbles for Steve’s hand, and intertwines their fingers, wrapping them both around Steve’s cock in a lose grip.
“He’s alive,” Sam says, as if reading Tony’s mind. “I don’t know how but right now that’s all that matters.”
“Alright, I know you’re tired, it’s OK.” Tony rubs his back all the way up the elevator and down the hall. By the time he enters his quarters, the kid is passed out cold. To his surprise, the room’s been rearranged. The sofa and coffee table have been have been shifted and a small play area has been set up in the corner. Steve, who he hasn’t seen all day, is tightening up the last of the screws on a small, kid size desk. Paper, crayons, books and more toys are stacked neatly in a corner.
Steve shakes his head. “Bruce kicked us all out after the first seven hours. Said you were stable, and being monitored excessively. No overnight stays.”
Tony sets the table, and they negotiate a three bites of dinner to one sip of juice ratio for Peter before they sit down to eat.
“Everything’s normal for a few seconds but look at this moment here.” He pauses the frame as Peter steps into the room. He magnifies it, resets the filters and strips out all the color. Already, there’s a large signature coming off of Scott’s van in the corner.
Tony nodded, tugged at Steve’s shoulder. Steve crawled his way up Tony’s body, aligning their mouths while Tony wrapped his legs high around Steve’s waist, baring himself open. Steve opened him up quickly and thoroughly and pushed inside him fully in one slick thrust.  Steve shut his eyes from the pleasure, while Tony cried out, and urged Steve to fuck him harder. They lost themselves in an urgent snapping of hips, Steve’s hands gripping at Tony’s waist, both of them moved by something fierce and desperate they’d both been holding back. Neither of them lasted long, coming in endless, hot spurts one right after the other. Steve had collapsed forward onto him, his head pillowing against Tony’s chest, arms wrapped tightly around his back.  In his post-orgasm haze, Tony placed small kisses along the side of Steve’s face, trailed his fingers down Steve’s bare back.
Steve arched up at the touch, pushing his shoulders into the back of the sofa. It was only Tony’s hand on his hip that kept him from thrusting rudely into her mouth. Dropping his head back, Steve tried to control his breathing as Kara moved her mouth slowly up and down his dick, her fingers wrapped around the base. He was desperate to come, a thought that must telegraph through his eyes.
They eat breakfast, though Tony can’t choke anything down. He’s just tugging a sweater over Peter’s head when Steve knocks on the door.
“Oh.” He doesn’t look concerned about it in the least, just grins up at Tony. “When I’m big I help you fight!” He presses his middle fingers into his palm, activating imaginary web shooters. Tony catches Steve’s eye. More memories.
“He’s not ready,” Tony protests but Natasha shakes her head in resignation. “That’s not up to you to decide,” she says.
Steve lay down next to her, and did as he was told, kissing the bow of her mouth before moving down to her breasts, taking each one in his mouth, circling his tongue around the nipple. She arched her back as he sucked lightly, pushing her hands through his damp hair. Her touch was light, just the gentlest hint at where she wanted him. Steve knew what he was supposed to do, what was expected of him now, and he wanted to do it, but a nervous, shy fluttering in his gut made him unable to move his mouth or his fingers much lower than the dip of her hips.
And still, even after all that, there’s the chance that things will go south. The problem is that when things go south, they go south very, very badly.
“My body chemistry, it’s still all fucked up. Bruce says it’ll take a few days for the chemicals to filter out. Whatever they used to sedate me, it’s reeking havoc on my body.”
but the words strangle him, and he digs his fingers into Tony’s side and bites his lip until he can taste blood.
“Don’t talk.” Steve drops down next to him, his face streaked with sweat and dirt from running through the trees. He presses a hand to his ear piece, even though Tony has told him a million times that doesn’t help, and barks out their location. “Evac incoming, Tony. You're gonna be fine.”
“What the fuck,” Tony says, getting a few feet closer. The boy is dressed in a familiar red t-shirt that comes down to his knees. His hair is a mess of brown curls, ears a little too big for his head. Tony can’t believe it, not at all, but the features are far too similar to ignore.
They exchange a look, expecting the Hulk maybe, or a gamma experiment gone wrong, but what they see hardly justifies the sprint they just made. Bruce is standing, hands on his hips, in a far corner of the room used mostly for storage. A few feet away, a little boy stares up at him.
“What side of the bed do you want?” Steve asked. He frowned at the couch, which looked comfortable but not large enough to sleep a grown man.
“You’re doing so good Steve, you’re perfect, just like this,” Tony says. “Come on, baby, that’s it. Come on, make her come.”
There was no place to escape in a room this small and despite chaffing at each other for most of the evening, they were able to settle into a tense silence. They changed clothes, and Tony plopped down on one of the overstuffed chairs by the fire place, watching as Steve stacked a few logs in the hearth and lit a match.
Tony doesn’t take his eyes off Peter. Across the room, Sam and Natasha are letting Peter run between them, practicing take downs and leg sweeps.
“Oh no no.” He whirled around to face Tony, stopping in the middle of the busy sidewalk. Little bits of snow had already started to cling to his hair and coat.  “You were not arguing for autonomy. You were grandstanding. The Latvian Ambassador made an official request for our help, and instead of declining, you hacked into their military servers and told them to go fuck themselves."
Tony loves Peter, has cared for him ever since he walked into their apartment in Queens and spit nut loaf out into a napkin. What he never saw though, was how he wasn’t the only one. He looks at Peter’s drawings and thinks about Natasha, who carefully padded Peter’s knees and elbows before letting him jump around the simulation room. Of Scott, who, when they were clamoring all over Tony’s couch, kept a hand at the ready to catch Peter so he wouldn’t crack his head open. Or how Sam, when flying Peter around the room, had kept him steady and supported, so he could feel like he was really soaring. How Bruce and Hope haven’t slept in days, consumed totally with the bringing Peter back. And Steve. Steve who jumped into the water after Peter outside of Manila. Steve who picked out his clothes, who talked to him quietly about nightmares, who rushed across the playground when it looked like Peter might fall. He’s never been alone in this, he realizes with a sharp pang. In taking care of Peter, in loving him, in wanting to keep him safe.
“God, you don’t listen do you. I told you, I had it handled. But you had to swoop in and blow everything up.”
“We used to have a fire place, in Brooklyn. When I was growing up. My mom worked long hours most of the time, so I always liked to have it going by the time she came home in winter.”  He stared into the fire, lost in the memory.
“You know, we could do more of this,” Tony waves his fork between them, blushing for some incredibly stupid reason. “I mean, if you wanted.”
Steve stayed bent over the logs, poking at the flame. “You thought the ambassador was flirting with me. Why did it bother you so much?”
“I’m fine,” Tony says. It comes out as a gurgle and the awful, metallic tang of blood fills his mouth.
“You think he’d tell me?” Tony asks, knowing how tightly Steve keeps himself to himself. Bruce just smiles, and surprises him. “Yeah,” he says. “I do.”
“It’s for his own good,” Tony said, defeated. “Trust me. You know me. I’m fucked up in a thousand different ways. Is that what you want for him?”
“I got one of you storming out by night two,” Sam said with a grin. “The kid’s the only one who has you guys staying together all four.”
Like the night before, Tony strokes him a few times, using the precome as a little bit of slick, before licking his own palm and setting up a more comfortable rhythm. It’s not fast or torturously slow, and Steve makes abortive little thrusts into his fist, gasping at the feel of Tony’s hand jacking him.
It wasn’t just her touches, though that was crucial, but the fact that Tony had stayed. The way he touched Steve now was as arousing as it was assuring.  He felt safe, less confused and adrift then he had in months. Sex wasn’t a total mystery to him, he knew how all the mechanics worked, but this was something new, uncharted territory between the two of them. He had only slept with women before, didn’t know anything else, but as Kara kissed him, he knew he wanted Tony near him, wanted to feel him as intimately as he could. Before he could change his mind, Steve turned his head and kissed Tony. It was different. Coarse stubble a change from her softness, Tony’s lips firmer and wider.  As his mouth melted against Tony’s, his stomach curled with a different kind of heat and anticipation. He pushed timidly until Tony took control of the kiss, cupping the side of his face and holding him firm, pushing his tongue into Steve’s mouth, taking Steve’s tentativeness as an invitation to keep him underwater.
“Tony.” The bed shifted as Steve turned to face him. He laid a hand on Tony’s chest and bent down to kiss him. The press of his mouth was as soft and sweet as Tony had imagined.  Despite not wanting to, he moaned into the touch, parting his lips a little as Steve pushed tentatively with his tongue. His hands, sticky with come, curled in Steve’s hair. It was good, far too good. With aching regret, he wrenched his mouth away and gently pushed Steve aside.
Tony tries to commit every moment of the day to memory, from the thunder of Peter’s feet across the floor, to the way his hair constantly falls into his eyes, to the distinct way he has of screwing up his mouth when he brushes his teeth. There are hints of the 17-year-old in everything he does and Tony can’t separate the two in his mind. This is his Peter, the one he’s always loved unconditionally, so he blocks any thoughts of the next day from his mind. For once, he does what every therapist he’s seen has suggested, and stays in the moment. At the playground, he keeps his mind on the bright sound of Peter laughing as Steve pushes him on the swing. During lunch, he watches tiny hands grip a grilled cheese, and thinks of nothing else. When Peter doesn’t want to nap, Tony lies down next to him, and they take turns naming the planets that he has FRIDAY project on the wall.
“He’ll be alright.” Tony nods as Steve settles more comfortably against him. He likes being trapped like this, bracketed on both ends by people he loves. “He was angry. And scared. Terrified, I think.”
Tony thinks back to Steve’s easy smile from this morning, how, after days of strain, he’s starting to loosen, just a little. He doesn’t want to know what the full SHIELD debrief will do to him.
He kept up a soft running commentary on the finer plot points of the film while Steve’s breathing grew slower and deeper. When he switched it off 20 minutes later, Steve was fast asleep with Tony’s fingers tangled in his hair.
“Yesterday, he had no idea who May was. Today, he remembers her and his parents. Things are coming back to him.”
It’s clearly something. From the doorway, Tony watches the heavy up and down of Steve’s chest as he tries to control his breathing. He’s huffing like he just finished a workout, or a fight.
She doesn’t believe it, not until she’s standing in front of a four-year old Peter, who is running around the sofa waving a dish towel in the air. May grills him on everything he knows, which isn’t much, and at the end of their hushed conversation tries to scoop Peter up to take him home. A part of him wants to protest, but she’s right, Tony has no idea how to deal with kids, he’s better off at May’s, with a real parent.
“It’s alright,” Tony cuts him off, and clears his own throat. He’s not interested in making Peter feel any worse than he already does. He keeps an arm around Peter’s shoulder and settles them onto the couch, body sagging into the cushions. He’s been standing for too long, but he waves away Peter’s worried look.
“That’s it? No other reason?” Steve asked. There was a flicker of hurt across his face and Tony opened his mouth to speak, to try to dissuade Steve of whatever notions he might have. Before he could, Steve cut him off with a wave of his hand. “You know what, never mind. Forget I said anything.” He brushed his hands clear of the dirt from the logs and grabbed his coat from the closet.
“I’m not supposed to wake anyone up in the morning,” he says in a bad attempt at a whisper. “My mom says I have to play quietly so the adults can sleep.”
“Probably,” Natasha said. “You just saw what you wanted to see. I think he caught on pretty quick. You’ve been dancing around him for too long Tony. We thought sharing a room might make you face things.”
He watched in silence as Natasha cut up the pita bread and sliced a few vegetables. She pushed the plate of hummus at him, as she took a bite.  “Here,” she said. “Eat.” They sat at the island, exhausted and weary, eating off the same plate.
“Hey buddy,” Tony says in wonderment. He crouches down until he’s looking into familiar big, brown eyes.
“Wait, did you and Captain Rogers fight?” Peter picked his head up from the screen. He looked mildly panicked. “Is that what happened?”
“Wait,” he said. “Stay. Please. I want you to stay.” Surprised, Tony exchanged a glance with Kara who nodded her consent.
“You know what I mean,” Steve snapped. Even in the dark, Tony could see Steve’s eyes flash in anger.
“I’m telling you there’s not a chance in hell I put that kid,” he stops, thinking about the little lump that was curled in his bed. “That I put Peter through something so dangerous.”
Tony bits his tongue, stops himself from saying the hundred, dirty, filthy things that want to come pouring out of his mouth right now, like how he wants to keep Steve like this forever, on the edge of coming, his mouth so open and wet that all he can imagine is pushing his own dick inside.
Still between her legs, Steve becomes aware of his own aching erection pressed flat against his belly. He moves his hand to wrap around himself but only gets in two strokes before Tony stops him with a hand on his wrist. He looks at Kara, who nods.
Had Steve been conscious when they arrived back at the compound, Tony might have laid into him, but he was deathly pale, they both were, from being trapped under water for so long. They’d been sent to help with a hostage situation on a military station outside Manila. During the rescue, a crane had exploded, half a ton of metal trapping Steve and Peter at the bottom of the South China Sea.
He’s out the door before she says anything else, taking the steps to his room in a sprint. He bursts through the doors to find Peter, sitting up in bed, wailing in fear.
“Steve’s a grown man, Tony, he can take care of himself.” Sam gave him a look that was half pity, half fury.  “He’s in love with you, Tony. And I know you love him.” Tony’s heart jumped into this throat, the quiet certainty in Sam’s voice nothing he could argue against. “What’s worse is that you know he loves you but you’re too chicken shit to do anything about it. Instead, you’re just leading him on and making him miserable.”
“We don’t know anything. We don’t know why this happened, what his body’s going through. He’s my responsibility, Steve. I’m not sticking the kid into a goddamn quantum tunnel on a whim.”
“Tony. Tony. Fuck,” Steve’s gasping his name out now, going crazy at the sound of Tony’s voice in his ear, wanting to be touched everywhere by him.  He thrusts harder, Kara’s moans and cries begin to mingle with Tony’s voice, both of them urging him on.
Tony ignores him and moves closer, wondering if Steve’s had a panic attack, maybe been felled by a resurfaced memory. He stops short though, surprised, when he sees the erection tenting Steve’s towel.
When Steve comes to bed, he’s only wearing the slightly too small briefs Tony left for him, the hard line of his erection curved up along his belly, the head pressed tight against the waist band. He stands before the bed defiantly, as if daring Tony to oder him to put on more clothes. Tony runs his hand up the outside of Steve’s thigh, feeling the soft hairs and hard muscle underneath. He doesn’t want it to, but it makes Tony’s stomach flip to see the trust in Steve’s eyes right now, the naked, open way he’s staring at Tony for help. It makes his heart clench, the responsibility he now has.
“Not yet, Rogers, not yet,” Tony chastised him slightly and reclaimed Steve’s mouth, one hand spreading Steve’s leg wider.
Even in their brief encounters (these things are over in a matter of minutes) Tony learns about what Steve likes, how he crumples when you pay special attention to the spot under his jaw, how he likes to be stroked quickly and firmly, how pinning his hands down, even slightly, gets him rock hard.
“That’s it,” he whispers in Steve’s ear, nose brushing against the damp hair at the nape of his neck. “You’re doing so good for me, Steve.”
Tony can’t help but wink. “Don't’ be so sure about that,” he says and Steve blushes. “How are you feeling?” he asks, turning serious again.
In hindsight, it seemed inevitable that he and Steve would crash into each other this way, both of them careening down different paths towards the same destination.
“Because you fucking ditched him in another country, Tony!” Natasha slammed down the knife she’d picked up.  “He’s a kid. He doesn’t understand that you did something monumentally stupid, and, rather than face up to it, you cut and run.”
“I don’t have to,” Steve says. “You already know it needs to happen Tony. You just have to say yes.”
They clean up quietly in the darkness, wiping away come and tucking in shirts until there’s hardly any evidence left of what happened. After the shades are up but before they leave, Steve thanks him with a soft touch to his wrist. Tony doesn’t say anything, just brushes the back of his hand across Steve’s cheek and opens the door.
“Try to get some sleep,” Tony says. He shuts the bathroom door behind him, and thumps his forehead against the warm wood before heading back to his own room.
’ and I tried to tell her, I really did, but I just got scared or nervous or whatever, until I finally just had to get it over with because it was seriously ruining our friendship and like, that’s the last thing you want to do, right?”
There’s an edge to his voice, and Tony gets the sense that there’s something Steve’s not telling him, something larger and possibly darker happening that turns his stomach. Again, this would be the time for him to leave, but Steve’s breath is coming in harsh little bursts, so Tony doesn’t go anywhere.
“Jesus, how do you handle these things?” Steve finds him outside on the balcony overlooking a twinkling Midtown. “They’re not so bad, but the key is that you have to maintain a steady and proper buzz the entire time,” Tony replies, lifting his glass. Steve’s expression gives away nothing but annoyance. He nods to Tony and starts to make his way back inside before changing his mind.
“An embarrassing one,” Steve says. His mouth turns into a thin line, the growing problem in front of him not something he views with any kind of pleasure. “I can’t really control it,” he mumbles. “I should be able to handle this myself but...it’s not working. I don’t know, stress or something. I’ll be fine, I just need a minute to calm down.”
As he gets stronger, he takes longer and longer walks around the compound, drifting from the common room to the lab to the training area.  Steve has a way of shadowing him most of the time, popping into whatever room Tony happens to be in. Rather than be annoyed, he lets it slide, appreciates the delicate nature of what he just survived and the fact that Steve’s steady hand always seems to be there when he needs it.
“Gonna fuck you till you get hard again,” Tony says. He moves inside Steve with slow, deliberate thrusts, each one aiming at and hitting his prostrate, until Steve’s hands are grasping at his waist, whether to urge him on or slow him down, he can’t really tell.  All of it is too much, his body already sensitive and overwhelmed, but he reaches up for Tony anyway, crushing their mouths together as Tony worms a hand between their bodies. He takes Steve in his hand and begins to stroke him. “That good, baby?” he whispers into Steve’s mouth, thumb flicking over the head. Steve should say
“That last mission, you flew out there solo even though Cap told you to wait for air support! He was screaming at yout to wait and you didn’t listen,” Peter says.
“Listen, I don’t know why you’re so mad at me anyway. You’re the one who’s always arguing for more autonomy. I was only doing what you would do. There’s no reason…”
An hour later, they’re gathered in the back conference room, the one Tony had specifically built for maximum privacy. The walls are soundproof, there are no sight lines to it, and no windows. Like a good solider, Steve hadn’t objected at all to Fury’s request, merely nodded his head and obeyed orders.
“I know this is part of the super hero gig, but it shouldn’t be. Not for Peter.” Steve curls closer, pushing his nose into the curve of Tony’s neck. “You mean a lot to him. It would wreck him, if he lost you.”
The morning after is not awkward, or, not as awkward as it could be. Tony refrains from making dirty jokes and disappears quickly to make use of the bathroom. When he comes back out, Steve’s in sweat pants and a t-shirt, stripping the bed.
A sad smile crosses Steve’s face and he stares at the sleeping boy in Tony’s lap. “He’s a kid. He’ll be OK.”
Peter just laughs and runs to take her hand. Tony doesn’t see them till right before lunch, when he bursts into the lab and launches himself into Tony’s arms with an unexpected glee.
They train again in the evening, Natasha, Sam and him. Peter pops in towards the end of the session, and Steve pretends Tony’s absence isn’t a direct result of his dickish behavior earlier today.
He skips dinner and retreats to his room, staring at the ceiling until he hears the soft woosh of the door. Tony lingers for a second before taking a seat on the edge of his bed.  His tie is lose, shirtsleeves rolled up and Steve stares a second too long at the bare strip of his forearm. Tony leaves early tomorrow morning and they should both sleep in their own beds tonight, but Steve spreads his legs just a little and Tony crawls between them.
It was Tony’s turn to glare. “That was an unintended side affect! Plus, she was practically giving him a hand job in public.”
“I can feel it though,” he says in rush. “All through my body. Everything inside me feels,” he shakes his head at a loss for words, a tear spilling out of the corner of his eye.
Tony kicked off his shoes and made himself comfortable as Peter recounted his day. The depth of Peter’s excitement and the genuine awe with which he experienced the world never ceased to amaze him. He let Peter’s voice wash over him, his effusiveness crumbling away some of his sour mood.
“I love you too,” he says absently. He squirms to be put back down again and May brushes the tears out of her eyes.
“Does he remember anything at all?” Bruce walks with him after dinner, a sedate affair that Steve had skipped.
“Oh good lord.” Steve rushes over first and grabs Peter by the waist with one hand, giving his little bottom a boost with the other. With Steve supporting him, Peter puts arm over arm, face screwed up in concentration until he makes it across. He turns around and does it again and again, until finally, he jumps off and runs to Tony, hugging him around the legs.
Still half hard, Steve stretched his back like bow, either eager to push away from Tony’s relentless touch or closer to it, even he wasn’t sure.  With a fluid motion, Kara stood up and slipped off of her robe, showcasing her breasts. They were perfectly shaped, to Steve at least, small and firm, the nipples a dark pink that immediately drew his eye.
“Right, of course,” Tony tries to smile through it, but he knows Steve can see the disappointment in his face.
There were so few ways to get close to Steve, who kept himself closed off from almost everyone on the team, even Sam sometimes. He was a leader first and foremost, but far different than Tony, who didn’t mind if people saw his flaws or knew his illicit past. Steve’s leadership was of the stoic kind. He was kind, generous, never too harsh, tough but fair, an almost unbearable moral compass by which to orient themselves.
Across the playground, Peter’s dangling from the monkey bars, his legs swinging wildly as he tries to kick his body forward.
“The Vulture, I think,” Tony says. He squints into the bright afternoon sun, tracking Peter with his eyes. There’s no trace of the quiet, reserved little boy from this morning, for which Tony is grateful. After making Steve read him two more stories, he’d jumped down from his lap, tugged at Tony’s hand and asked if they could go outside and play.
A soft little whimper escapes his mouth and it shoots straight to Tony’s dick, filling him with a wave of self loathing. He shouldn’t be getting turned on by this, but it’s impossible not to, not with the way Steve’s body is responding to every cue Tony sends him.
“Tell him I’m out. Seriously, what is the point of having a DND protocol if no one’s going to respect it.”
Tony swallows past the sudden lump in his throat, a pit of regret deep in his stomach. He hates what he has to say next, but does it anyway.
He woke with a gasp, startled by the image in his mind. It was still dark outside and through the open curtains Tony could see the snow still falling in light, swirling waves. Steve had turned on his side again, this time facing Tony. He slept in a C-shape curve, arms tucked under the pillow. Through the darkness, Tony could make out the shadow of eyelashes against his cheek, the steady rise and fall of his chest.  Under the covers, their knees were already touching and Tony thought nothing of moving a little closer and throwing a lose arm across Steve’s waist.
Peter slinked away but he’d made his point. Tony was still thinking about his advice when Steve made his way over to the table. “They get mad when you switch the name cards around like this,” he said, pulling out his chair.
Peter digs his fingers into Tony’s neck, burying his face. “There was a monster,” he manages to gasp between sobs. “It was chasing me.”
Peter doesn’t though, just keeps going and going until all the threats have been neutralized. Instead of the usual cheering and back slapping that accompanies the end of a successful sim, there’s a tense silence across the simulation floor. Steve snaps off his cowl and tosses his shield onto the ground, leveling Peter with his gaze. Tony holds his breath and waits for the shouting match, but there’s no reprimand. Steve just shakes his head and walks off the floor, the rest of the team following slowly in his wake.
He wakes up late, the chatter of voices outside his bedroom door mingling with his dreams. Bruce, Hope and Natasha are sitting around the table with Steve, picking at the remnants of breakfast, while Sam flies Peter through the room.
“Jesus,” Steve gasped at the feel of cool air. He stared as Kara pulled his briefs down further, exposing him fully.  She caught his eye and gave him a wicked little smile before she licked at the head, swirled her tongue and took him into her mouth.
Steve whimpers again and fumbles for Tony’s free hand. He crushers their fingers together and brings Tony’s arm around his chest.
“30 minutes,” Tony reminds them, pulling up the report on one of the holographic screens. “Not a second more.”
“Did you see me? I made it across like, a million times.” His smile is ridiculous, exactly the same one Peter gives him after a successful mission.
An hour later, Tony’s pacing around the small confines of Bruce’s office. “I’m telling you, Steve doesn’t remember anything. You’re not going to get anything out of harassing him.”
“Don’t do that,” she says. “You can’t put this all on me. I can’t make this choice. Not when it comes to Peter.”
“We sedated him,” Sam says coming up to him. He’s covered in dirt and grime, the silver edges of his Falcon uniform dingy. “Bruce said it would be better than trying to talk to him too much.”
It’s late by the time he finally heads back to his room and punches in the code without thinking. The door has slid shut behind him before he registers Steve, sitting naked at the edge of his bed, silhouetted in the warm glow of a bedside lamp.
Steve did as he was told, licking between her folds first, tasting her on his tongue. Starting in small patterns first, Steve licked up and down in multiples of three before placing his mouth on her clit and sucking hard.
“Kiss me, please.” Tony’s heart shatters at the request, blinking back tears at the sound of Steve’s voice, wrecked and wounded in a way he’s never heard. Grabbing the back of Steve’s neck Tony smashes their mouths together, trying to fill whatever cracks are breaking Steve apart.
They hold hands for a little while, a dumb, funny thing Tony admittedly is finding a lot of comfort in. He never thought of himself as the hand holding type, not until recently.
“Not good, huh?” he slurs. He tries to lift his head as Steve cautiously removes a hunk of Tony’s chest plate, taking stock of the damage.
As they wrap up, Steve catches Peter staring at his shield, and finally, he relents. “Alright kid, 10 minutes with the shield, let’s go.”
Tony’s never been good with space. Not with Pepper, not with Steve, certainly not with Peter. If he were interested in letting Peter come to him, he’d be back in his room or somewhere in his lab, not where he is now, leaning over the observation deck, watching as the team gets ready to run through a battle simulation.
“Eight days and not a scratch on you. Remarkable. Nothing can hut you, can it? You look like you’re ready to head back out into the field.”
“Definitely sounds like you got kicked out.” Natasha appeared behind Sam, dressed in a fitted black jumpsuit. She looked stunning. Whatever she and Sam were doing, it involved more than video games and pizza.  “You ready?” She offered Sam her arm.
“Steve had to carry you out to the clearing, did you know that? When we got you to the jet, his hands, his suit...everything was just covered.”
For a second, he thinks Steve will fight him on it, but he obeys, settling face down on the bed. He turns his head to the side, arms curving around his pillow. Tony pulls the thin sheet down a little lower, just past the low curve of his hips, so it exposes Steve’s lower back.
It ends in exactly 28 minutes, Steve and Nick and Maria shaking hands stiffly across the table, before leaving in seperate directions.
“He might not come back,” Hope says. “The quantum realm is unstable...one glitch and he goes subatomic, like my mother.”
He keeps one hand around Steve’s still clothed dick, fondling under the fabric until Steve starts shifting his hips uncomfortably. He doesn’t want to keep Steve in pain but there’s an art of this kind of thing, and a little patience goes a long way.
“Good,” he whispers almost to himself. “Very good. Do what I say, ok? I’ll get you there, but it’ll take just a little time.”
“Are we sure it’s him? Do we need to do a DNA test or anything?” Natasha says. She’s perched on the edge of the sofa along with Sam, having been summoned there by Bruce.
“I’m sorry,” he said. He flipped back the covers and thew his legs over the side of the bed, turning his back to Steve. “That was a bad idea.” From the corner of his eye, he saw Steve’s face fall. “I’m sorry. I got carried away the past few days. I know it’s my fault. But this is...it’s just a bad idea, Steve. It was a dumb thing to do.”
“I should go,” Tony says. He heaves himself off the sofa with great effort, draping a blanket over Steve before heading back to his own room.
“Fuck, Tony. I know that. Everyone knows that.” He leaned in, took Tony’s face in both hands and kissed him again. His chest was heaving a bit, his breathing going ragged, as Tony finally moved aside the cotton and curled a hand around his bare cock. Steve slammed his head back against the door and cried out at the touch. He was slick and hard in Tony’s hand and made perfect little sounds as Tony jacked him, in deft, quick strokes. He wanted to draw it out, make it last longer or make it more special, but Steve kept his hands tangled in Tony’s hair, and kept saying his name softly with his eyes shut, so Tony didn’t tease, only gave Steve what he wanted till he let out a soft cry and spilled hot and white all over Tony’s fist.
“Tony.” He sounds surprised but doesn’t say stop, so Tony does it several times over, till Steve’s breathing faster.
Tony’s still staring at him, and he knows he looks ruined. His mouth a red, wet mess, his body covered in come. Reaching down, Tony traces the outline of his mouth with the fingers of one hand while the other unbuttons his pants.
They drift in silence for a while, and Steve wonders if Tony planned this, if he knew this would happen, if this is how he expected it all to go. Instead of asking, he opens his arms and pulls Tony down next to him. The questions can wait.
“I know,” Steve mumbles around his toast. He portions eggs out on to two plates and carries them over to the island. They sit side by side in comfortable silence, Tony staring at his tablet, Steve watching the news.
“Captain Rogers, Dr. Banner’s medical report indicates that when you were found, your body was covered in cuts and scars indicative of physical torture. Can you recall anything that was done to you?”
Steve shrugged his shoulders.  “Your list of conquests is a mile long, Tony. Why would I be any different? It’s just sex, right?”
Tony shook his head slightly and tightened his grip on Steve’s hair, locking their eyes. “Fuck me,” he said.  He saw Steve swallow, his hand still working slowly along Tony’s dick.
“She’s ready Rogers. You can already feel it,” Tony said, pushing Kara’s panties aside and sliding his finger through the wetness.
By the time Steve slipped into bed, Tony had no semblance of will power or self control left. As Steve curled onto his side, Tony slid an arm across his waist, and pulled him close till they were flush against each other. Steve stiffened briefly under his touch, before relaxing against him. There was no cover of sleep to hide under this time.  He grasped Tony’s hand and pulled it tighter around his chest.
“God, Tony, just hurry up” Steve gasps, pusing his hips into Tony’s hands, desperate for more friction.
Steve’s a terrible fucking liar, with a terrible fucking poker face. The clench of his jaw is all Tony needs to know it’s bad.
“Let them wait,” he says, keying into the lab. He’s about to let the door shut behind him, but Natasha grabs his arm, keeping him in place.
Peter fills up a plastic cup of water and dumps it all over his head, screeching with laughter as the bubbles run into his eyes. He blows a raspberry, spewing dirty bath water out of his mouth. Kids, Tony has learned, are sometimes pretty gross.
“This is not the same thing. The protocols you put in place worked Tony,” Steve says. “The Iron Man suits launched and they pulled us out. I know you think if you just work hard enough, you’ll be able to protect him from everything, but that is never going to be the case.”
There’s a long silence as Steve curls around him. It’s only early evening, not much past 6, but Tony’s already inches away from sleep, the long walk from the medical wing to his living quarters exhausting him.
“Captain Rogers, are you experiencing any adverse side effects from your capture?” Marie keeps her voice cool, professional.
He kisses her cheek, and leads her to the table where Bruce, Hope and Steve are sitting. At his desk, Peter plays with a makeshift set of tools. She listens, growing paler by the minute, as Bruce and Hope explain what the tunnel will do.
“Look who’s walking around! We missed you, man,” Sam turns their handshake into a loose bro hug and from the outside it all looks fine, like Steve just returned from a short trip to DC. But they know better, and Tony can sense the wrongness in the rigid way Steve stands, how his right hand keeps curling and uncurling into a fist. Nat hugs him again, running her hands up and down the gray sweatshirt Steve usually only wears to sleep. When she pulls away, her eyes are wet.
Steve learns about him too, about how much he likes Steve on his knees, mouth soft and open, and coming across his face, streaking his beard with white. The first time they do that, Tony keeps his fingers twined through Steve’s hair and kisses him slowly, deeply.  “You alright?” Tony says softly, wondering if he’s pushed too far. Steve nods and kisses him again, his hands running up and down Tony’s thighs. It’s an awkward angle, but they stay like that for longer than necessary, and Tony feels something important shift inside him.
“Sometimes it’s hard to come if it’s too familiar,” Tony says softly, his breath grazing the shell of Steve’s ear. “You just need a change of pace is all.”
On the way back up to his room, he has FRIDAY disable the security cameras around the gym, so that even if he wanted to, he can’t evesdrop on Steve’s location. He’s already too comfortable crossing the lines of their relationship, the memory of what happened earlier today turning into an urgent pressing need inside his gut. He doesn’t let himself jerk off to that though, no matter how hard he gets in the shower. It feels wrong to use Steve’s confusion and pain for his own pleasure and he wills his erection to soften before tucking himself into a pair of boxers and throwing on a t-shirt. He’s toweling off his hair, thoughts still firmly focused on the folder he left with Steve, when the door chimes.
“Let’s go to bed, alright?” he tries. When Steve still doesn’t move, Tony tugs just a little at his elbow and nudges him towards the bathroom. “Shower first, OK. You gotta rest.” He rustles up some clean underwear, sweats and a t-shirt and leaves them by the sink while Steve rinses off. He doesn’t linger, but his eyes drift to the shower stall, where Steve is standing, shoulders slumped under the hot water. It would be erotic, almost, if everything about didn’t radiate sadness.
Rhody shrugs his shoulders, at a loss. “He’s shaken up, beat to hell. I don’t know, he was pretty out of it. He looked scared, Tony.”
“Fuck,” he curses, his own dick jumping at the feel of it. Steve arches back into him, moans as Tony frees him from the damp cloth and takes him in his hand. He’s so hard it must be painful and Tony doesn’t try to draw it out or make it last any longer than it should. He strokes Steve a few times, pays attention to way Steve’s rocking into his hand, the way his fingers are crushing the pillow.
“Captain Rogers, the photos from the scene show you were likely restrained for the better part of 8 days. Can you recollect any of that?”
“Actually, it doesn’t work that way,” Tony said. He walked quickly to keep up with Steve’s pissed off pace. “Technically, we’re here as liaisons. They can kick us out, yes, but disbarring, that’s not really…”
“Oh.” Steve grabs some water and sits on one of the benches that circle the boxing area. “Is that for me?”
They stand together in the dark for a long moment, Tony surprised to find himself panting, his own heart beating wildly. With his hands still gripping the chair, Steve tips his head forward, rests it briefly on Tony’s stomach, before pushing away.
“You think that matters?” Sam looked at him intently.  “You caused an international incident because Steve smiled a little too long at a woman, and all this time he’s been watching from the sideline as person after person gets to hang off your arm, while you smile for the cameras. I don’t know what happened last night, but I can guess. He’s hurt, man. He’s really hurt.  And I know it’s your fault.”
The corner of her mouth quirked up in a way that Tony didn’t like, and she smiled at him over her coffee cup. “But it doesn’t mean you don’t want to right? The way you’re going red right now pretty much answers that question.”
“Fuck,” Tony curses at the site of it, sinking his teeth into Steve’s neck as he trembles and come apart in his arms. He strokes him through the aftershocks, trailing his fingers along Steve’s cock until they’re both spent and collapsed in a sweaty heap on the bed. Tony’s own erection is urgent but he ignores it, letting it rest heavy against the curve of Steve’s ass.
At dinner, Peter scrambles into Tony’s lap the minute he sits down, refusing to eat anything that first hasn’t been on Tony’s plate. Around him, conversation flows naturally but he only feels the way Peter lolls his head against his chest, the way his leg kicks against Tony’s shin.
They meet back up in the kitchen, sharing juice and toast and oatmeal or eggs. It’s a ritual that Steve hasn’t shared with another person since his mother’s kitchen in Brooklyn.
There’s a “but” coming, so Tony waits, concentrates on the idle way Steve’s fingers brush along his stomach. “But I don’t think he was prepared for this.”
“How’s your refractory period, Rogers?,” Tony asked, resting his sticky hand against Steve’s belly. “We’re not done yet.”
“No.” Steve cuts him off sharply, shaking his head. “That’s not it,” he says softer. “I can’t remember details, or anything really, but I can feel things in my body. That’s not what it feels like. Nothing in my body feels right, but it’s not that.”
“I’m not a baby!” Peter peers out from behind Tony’s leg, turning a comical glare on Steve. “Babies are dumb! I’m four years old!”
“That’s it, Steve, that’s it, baby. Come on, come for me again.” They’re doing the dirtiest things imaginable and yet Tony’s voice is so soft, so kind that Steve’s throat closes up tight. He squeezes his eyes shut and comes without a sound, his entire body jerking up off the bed.
“Because the first time we did it Natasha ended up bunking with Peter,” Steve said. “Do you want to explain to May why her 16-year-old nephew spent the week sharing a bed with the Black Widow?”
Tony’s tempted to toss off a one-liner, something to break the tension, but he just squeezes the inside Steve’s thigh before moving away. “Anytime,” he says. He wipes his hands quickly on a towel, hoping Steve doesn't notice the uncomfortable tightness in his own pants. This isn’t something he wants to get hard from, far from it, but the noises Steve made, the trusting way he’d responded to Tony’s hand, make his stomach tighten.
Tony has outfitted the suit with enough tech to try to mitigate any potential disaster, but nothing is ever fail safe, no mission is ever totally risk-free. Danger is part of the superhero gig. After all, it wouldn’t be heroic if it wasn’t risky.
“It’s a fucking miracle he’s still alive and functioning,” Bruce snaps. “They were either too incompetent or too lazy to regulate the doses. He was either knocked out the entire time or awake but unable to remember anything. Neither of these scenarios is good.”
Steve crosses the room, pulls Tony into his arms. “This is not what I thought I’d feel,” Tony says against his chest. Steve runs a hand up his back, tangles his fingers through the short hairs at the back of his neck.
Natasha peered over his shoulder, began to pull out some pita bread, veggies and hummus.  “Happy’s driving him back to Queens. He’s worried you’re mad at him.”
Like a good soldier, he attuned himself to her every response, taking note of what made her cry out sharply, what made her sigh, and what made her buck her hips up into his mouth. He experimented with his tongue, pushing into her in little thrusts before clamping down hard on her clit and sucking. He goes fast, slowing down only when Tony places a hand on the back of his head, guiding him to a slower, smoother motion.
It hasn’t actually occured to Tony to ask. What Steve remembers and what he decides to share are likely two different things. For all the boundaries he’s already violating, prying along that particular road seems a step too far.
The thought pops in his head as he exits the training simulation for the day, and Peter races by him towards Tony. He catches both their reflections in the glass, his face the exact opposite of Peter’s wide, effusive one. From the corner of his eye, he watches as Tony places both hands on Peter’s shoulders and gives him a fond, enthusiastic shake.
Keeping some space between them, Tony brushes the fingers of his other hand along Steve’s abdomen and cups his erection through the towel. Steve lets out a soft exhale at the touch, a good sign that Tony takes as permission to keep going. Tony rubs him slowly through the thick cotton, waiting to see if Steve tenses up again, or if he decides to pull away and end this right now. When he doesn’t, Tony reaches through the gap in towel, touching soft, hot skin. He strokes him lightly with this fingers, teasing or soothing he’s not sure which, before pulling away again.
Steve’s face was cast in a warm, yellow glow. For a moment Tony wanted to reach over, tip their faces together and kiss him. He knew that if he did, Steve wouldn’t object.
“I think you’re being a bit dramatic,” Tony rasps.  He’s under heavy sedation and, aside from the ice cubes Steve runs over his mouth every so often, still not allowed any fluids.
“I know it’s not exactly bringing down a Latvian spy or anything, but my day was pretty good,” Peter finished at last.  A few minutes later, Sam rapped on the door. He was holding, Tony was pleased to see, a very large pizza.
“We had a bad dream last night,” he says, running a hand over Peter’s hair. “But nothing that’s going to ruin our day, right?”
Steve shakes his head, embarrassment mixing with something like defeat. Motivated more by empathy than desire, Tony takes a chance and stands right behind him. Close, but not touching.
The evening was long, seemingly interminable,  but he took comfort in the fact that, even has people began to get up and move around, Steve never strayed too far from his side. They stayed long enough to be polite, talking and laughing and posing for photos, but when Steve turned to him and sighed, “I’m tired,” Tony squeezed his hand and lead him back home.
“I’m not,” Steve says. He looks haggard, a few days worth of scratchy beard over his face and deep, dark bruising under his eyes.  “You bled out all over the damn jet. You were in a coma.”
By late afternoon, Steve finds himself sandwiched between Natasha and Sam in the conference room, listening as Ross outlines the UN’s latest request. Steve’s eyes drift across the table and land where they usually do these days. Having long mastered the art of looking without really looking, his eyes trace the sharp edge of an exposed a collar bone, follow the delicate curve of an ear.
“I’m not scared for me,” he said. He pushed the pad of his thumb inside Steve’s mouth, let Steve suck on it lightly while he talked. “I don’t want to hurt you, Steve. I don’t want to drive you away.”  He kissed Steve again, holding his face in place with both hands, till Steve started to grind against him. “Good,” Tony whispered, feeling the hard length of Steve’s erection.
Had he been in a more charitable mood, Tony would have been charmed by the room in front of him. Rustic wood beams ran the length of the ceiling and a large window offered a stunning view of the Alps.  An overstuffed sofa and two sitting chairs framed an already roaring fire.  Tucked into the far corner was a bed pilled high with pillows and soft looking linens. It was big enough to fit two people, provided those two people weren’t particular about maintaining personal space. The coziness of the room made Tony’s palms itch, as if it was another factor conspiring against him, testing his resolve. In any other instance, it would have been romantic. Right now, it was just...inappropriate.
“He wouldn’t leave the compound while you were sedated, Tony, even though May tried to drag him to school.”
“Hi, May. It’s Tony Stark. Listen, I’m going to tell you something that you are absolutely not going to believe.”
“We rigged the drawing, Tony. All the numbers said 438. The first drawing was legit, but the second time, Peter wrote 438 on all the slips of paper and mixed them up. When he pulled out his number, he just pretended he got something else. We all did. You didn’t really bother to double check.”
“No.” Tony slams his palm against the table, making them all jump. Even Peter looks up from his coloring. “No. Figure something else out. We’re not sticking him in that god damn unstable environment. It’s too risky.”
“There’s a lot of superficial bruising, cuts, lacerations, a few broken ribs, and what looks like a bruised kidney. His body chemistry is way off, though. It looks like he was held captive, tortured. Maybe worse.”
Eggs and toast was how everything started with them. After Tony moved back into the compound, breakfast together became a routine and one day that routine turned into something more. It was hard, Steve figured, to have your defenses up before you even had your first cup of coffee.
“It’s like our time traveling experiments,” Bruce says. “Peter had time go through him, not the other way around.”
They both watched her as she undid his pants and pushed them down, Steve staring at his own body like he was outside himself, Tony stupid with lust.  Crouching between his legs, Kara gently palmed his erection through his briefs before pulling back the elastic band and exposing the head.
He lifted his head from Steve’s shoulder and looked him in the eye. “I meant what I said. This is not going to be easy Steve.”
He portions the food out into the three bowls. They stand shoulder to shoulder against the counter while Peter sits in one of the high backed chairs along the island. The fork doesn’t quiet fit into his hand, but Peter does his best, cramming noodles into his face. For a few minutes, no one is fighting, no one is screaming, and it actually feels pretty nice.
From the stack of clothing Steve’s piled in a corner of Tony’s closet, he pulls out a set of jungle print pajamas and helps Peter change. He stands outside the door while Peter uses the bathroom and then lifts him up so he can wash his hands and brush his teeth. Finally, after a glass of water and a denied request to watch cartoons, Peter crawls into Tony’s bed, clutching the well loved bear. He smashes it into his face, sniffs deeply and squeezes it with all its might.
“You here to nag me about sleeping?” Steve asks. He wipes his forehead with a towel, and begins to untape his hands. From the looks of it, Steve’s been down here a good long while.
Sam shook his head, clearly not satisfied with Tony’s response.  “Anyone can see something’s going on with you two.”
11 minutes pass. 11 agonizing minutes where they try to push the boundaries of quantum mechanics, the radiation and energy signature in the building going up astronomically, until finally, Bruce tries the final sequence, filling the room with light.
For a long moment there was nothing but quiet and the soft sound of Steve’s breathing, growing heavier and slower. Tony laid there, staring past the broad plane of Steve’s back and watched the endless fall of snow through the open curtains.  He felt certain that he’d never fall asleep, that despite the warmth of the room and the pleasing cloud-like quality of the mattress, his eyes would stay open all night watching the snow cover the Alps and bury them both until they were cold and shivering, and his arms and legs, desperate and searching for warmth, detached from his body and in an act of mutiny, wrapped themselves around Steve's waist.
Their report hasn’t spared any details, documenting as much as they could, but there are large swaths of information missing, certain questions that only Steve can answer. With his heart in his throat, Tony makes himself bring it up, the thing he’s been avoiding asking for far too long.
“You think I wanna do this?” Nick leans forward, his patience also wearing thin. “I read Stark’s report and I saw the photos. I can put enough together to know that what he went through was some fucked up shit. But he either talks to me or Everett Ross and the CIA come banging down your door. Which do you think he’s going to prefer?”
Peter hesitates, but Tony holds out his hand and Peter rushes toward it. “I missed you,” he says into Peter’s hair. Peter only turns his face into Tony’s neck, his fingers digging into Tony’s back.
Steve ignores him and answers anyway. “Yes, it is,” he says so matter of factly it turns Tony’s insides into ice. “But, there’s no medical evidence of that, so no, I don’t think so.”
“Are you a cuddler?” Tony directed his question Steve’s back. “I just want to be prepared in case I wake up wrapped up in some kind of tight, super solider embrace that I can’t break out of…”
He sounds serious, like whatever he wants to say has been weighing on his mind for some time. Tony catches Steve eye, who just shrugs.
“Peter,” Tony tries to grab his hand, but Peter shakes him off again, walking away quickly down the hall.
Sam picks him up after they eat. “Alright little man, we got some important equipment inventory to get done. You’re gonna help me count. You ready to be my second in command?” Sam sticks out his hand for a low-five and Peter slaps it enthusiastically. Things seem to be going smoothly until around 3pm, when Sam hauls a screaming Peter back into Tony’s lab. He practically leaps out of Sam’s arms but even as Tony picks him up, he tries to wriggle free. On instinct, Tony squeezes him tighter.
Steve had rolled his eyes but stayed put.  Everyone else was ok ignoring Steve’s celibacy, but talking about it had suddenly become Tony’s favorite hobby.
He’s done something wrong, Tony knows that much, but he can’t suss it out if Peter won’t even look him in the eye.  “Can we talk?” Tony asks, placing a gentle on Peter’s shoulder. “Just for a second?”
“She’s going to go down on you,” Tony said, possibly whispered, against Steve’s mouth, as if giving Steve advance warning was necessary. “But only if you’re alright with it.”
“Maybe it was a mistake, tricking you guys into a sharing a room. I’m starting to regret it now,” she said.
Tony leans against the dining table, meeting Steve’s eye. “I stayed here. I stayed here and let you and Peter run the rescue.”
“Pulse is sluggish.” He keeps his fingers on Tony’s neck but cranes his head up towards the sky as he hears the whir of air support.  They’re surrounded by a thicket of tall pine trees, and Tony already knows there’s no good place to land. They’ll have to carry him to a clearing.
Steve shakes his head, squeezing Tony’s hand in apology.  “He left this morning. Once they woke you up and Bruce said your vitals were strong.”
For once, Tony was grateful for the monotony of policy making. He was adept at this part of the job, knew how to shake hands, work a room, say just enough to make the right people think he was on their side.  Like his father, he knew how to put on a show. Still, it was exhausting. By the time evening rolled around, his head throbbed and jaw ached from smiling so much. After his last meeting, he escaped back to their room, loosened his tie and collapsed on the sofa. He drifted for how long he wasn’t sure. When he opened his eyes again, Steve was bent over the fire place.
“I’m not sleepy,” Peter protests but he drops his head on Tony’s shoulder, his thumb reaching for the edge of Tony’s collar, like a security blanket.
“Nah,” Tony says, taking a closer look at the images FRIDAY sends to his phone. “I should go. Might be a heavy weapons thing.”
Tony wasn’t in the habit of praying, but he closed his eyes anyway and mumbled a few words approximating faith before plunging his hand into the repurposed candy bowl. He shuffled around the two pieces of paper that were left, mixing them up for far longer than was necessary.
“Oh, you are.” Steve walked off first,  but held his hand against the door while the others stepped off.  “I don’t like it any more than you do. But I also know when to just suck it up.”
“That is not the same thing,” Tony says. “Things happen in battle that you can’t always control, Peter.”
“Ross wants a debrief about the mission today,” Natasha says, perching on the edge of the table, after they’re out of ear shot.
Steve slept there nightly until Tony was back at full strength. Sometimes they would fuck, losing themselves in pleasure until the sheets were damp and in disarray but mostly they slept, Steve drifting off with a book while Tony worked on a tablet. The day he was officially cleared for Avenger duty, Steve disappeared back to his own quarters, and stayed there until Tony, furious enough to spit fire, dragged him back to his room.
They had taken their time getting ready, putting on silk shirts and ties and trim wool suits, before finally stepping out of their room. As Steve opened the door, Tony had been unable to stop himself from smoothing his hands down Steve’s shirt, touching once again without permission.
The room plunges into darkness. There’s just enough light that Tony can make his way to the door and manually turn the lock.
“I get to snap all the big pieces together,” Peter says. He watches as Tony tries to organize the mess of blocks, before finally getting frustrated enough to do it himself.
“You got room 438, which means the last number left is 436, which means, I get my own room.” Sam practically danced around the lobby of the small Swiss hotel they were crammed into. It  had a chalet feel that was more Matterhorn and lederhosen than Tony cared for, but a scheduling snafu had them all stuck here.
“Still, something good came from this right?” Steve kisses him, something slow and sweet, that fills Tony with a little bit of promise and hope. They pull apart only when the door bell chimes.
In the morning, they fucked slowly, Steve resisting and protesting until Tony convinced him otherwise. They rocked against each other, barely moving while Steve whispered endearments softly against the shell of his ear.  Tony pulled at his waist, dug his fingers into the flesh of Steve’s thigh, worked sharp, wet bruises onto his neck until they were both sweaty and spent, covered in come.
Before Sam could continue, Steve pushed his plate towards Tony and laid his hands on the table. There was always a little flick in his eyes, a twitch of his jaw, that indicated it was time to get serious. Their MO here was to divide and conquer, the four of them hitting up as many hearings and committee meetings as they could. Policy was made at these things, and they couldn’t afford to not have a voice at the table. Their roles were clear. Natasha and Sam would lead the charm offensive, Tony would toe the UN line of cooperation and oversight, while Steve, for once, played agitator, pushing for more freedom and autonomy.
“I don’t know what happened,” Bruce says, shaking his head. “The dynamometer in my lab registered a massive energy surge so I came to have a look. I walked in here and he was just...like that.”
“I know,” Tony says again, at a loss at how to stop the awful, watery wavier in Steve’s voice. “That’s ok.”
He cuddles Peter close to him, gives him an extra long hug before letting him go, but Peter doesn’t move. He stays in sprawled with his head resting against Tony’s chest, thumb brushing his collar. They spend a little longer in bed, acting out the Battle for New York, before Tony finally throws back the covers.
“I thought it would help, you know, if I looked at the photos, the proof. But I can’t,” he shakes his head and Tony leads him inside, shutting the door firmly behind them. Steve stands in the middle of the room, and Tony can feel him take a deep breath and count to 10 before slowly letting it out. “I can’t get anything to feel right in my body. Physically, I’m fine but just everything...inside me…” he trails off, voice shaky.
Steve stopped short again, this time in front of one of the many decorative little Swiss shops that lined the main streets of this picturesque little village.  “The entire point of this week is diplomacy, Tony. There are other ways to say no. We’re barely through the first day and you can’t keep your ego in check.”
Four armor piercing bullets had shredded Tony’s insides, perforating a liver, tearing his spleen apart, and grazing one of his kidneys. The fall out of the sky had shattered a few ribs, bruised his back and caused several hematomas. Peter had been there to see all of it.
Tony had been too angry to speak and had restrained himself from firing his blasters and blowing the entire place up.
Through the glare of the setting sun, Tony watches from his office as the Quinjet lands, his feet itching to run out onto the tarmac.
“Something like this...it shouldn’t be possible. Not really.” Bruce runs a hand through his hair, mouth still agape.
“Prop bets.” Natasha shrugged her shoulders. “What? This is a once in a lifetime thing. You can’t expect us not to have fun with it.”
Tony wants to pat him down, check him over for scars and breaks, but he sits on his hands instead, watching from the far side of the room. Steve’s stoicism doesn’t sit well with him at the best of times but right now, knowing what he knows, it practically breaks his heart.
“My ego?” Tony barked out a laugh. “The only reason we’re in this mess is because of your ego. Her entire pitch was one big ego stroke for you. She was flirting with you!
There are no seismic shifts happening in his bed the next morning. Peter wakes before him again but instead of jumping around like a little rabbit all over Tony’s high thread count sheets, he’s subdued, flying his bear around in a little circle.
“Ok, that’s enough,” Tony says, and because he’s sure Steve won’t remember, cards his fingers through Steve’s hair. “You’re going to be ok,” he whispers, watching as Steve’s eyes slip shut.
“That was a dirty trick.” He wanted to be angry or even annoyed, but it seemed clear that he’d let himself get suckered.
“Hey, kid, bathtime. Come on.” Tony pushes back his chair as Peter lets out a long groan of protest. He leans over and takes an exaggerated sniff of Peter’s hair. ‘Yep, you smell like stinky socks. Time to hose you down.”
He’s been lying in the dirt for a few minutes, possibly less, when Steve’s panicked, pinched face appears above him.
There’s usually no shortage of ways for Tony to occupy himself during a given day. Even without the duties of Iron Man, it’s easy enough as a genius-billionaire-playboy-philanthropist to keep his overactive mind busy, but right now, nothing he tries seems to stick.
There’s a time after that (in Clint’s barn, Steve pressing Tony against the wall, stroking both their dicks in his massive, calloused palm), and a time after that (the Quinjet, Tony rutting and coming against the sharp V of Steve’s hips) and a time after that  (the lab, when Tony pushes Steve to his knees), all furtive encounters in semi-public places, each one ending with someone walking away first. Sometimes it’s Tony, who tucks himself back inside his pants and gives Steve a little wink before departing. When Steve leaves first, his mouth always stretches into a thin, stern line.
He forgets sometimes, the losses that they’ve all gone through. “It helped him, to hear you talk about it. The dreams, I mean. Made him less scared.”
Peter nods enthusiastically. He climbs over Tony, little toes digging into Tony’s sternum, an elbow poking him in the stomach. He’s barely patient while Tony pulls on a sweatshirt and tugs at his arm all the way to the kitchen.
“It is the same thing. The goal of every mission is to come back safely, right? Look what happened. It’s only dumb luck that you’re not dead.”
Tony marched alongside him, only a fraction less furious. He wasn’t sorry for dismantling the ambassador’s flimsy excuse for help, but how quickly he’d snapped had surprised even him. One minute, they were discussing a potential mission informally, the three of them huddled by Steve’s seat. But then she had leaned forward, brushed her hand along Steve’s leg, and the next thing he knew, Tony had hacked into a few secure servers.  By the time she made a formal request for help, he had more data then he needed to prove an ulterior motive.
“Peter!” May’s rushing through the door and Tony has to put his hands on his knees for a second. He’s shaking badly, adrenaline and relief making him light headed.
There are a lot of places to disappear to in the compound, but it doesn’t take Tony very long to find him. Peter’s not hiding in a lab, or sulking in his room, he’s slouched on the sofa in Tony’s living room, waiting to be found.
“It was real big,” Peter whispers in awe, as Tony wipes at his face with the sleeve of his shirt. He abandons the idea of going back to the lab and kicks off his shoes, Peter attached to his side like a koala.
Peter tugs at his pants again, this time raising his arms, waiting to be picked up. He’s surprisingly light in Tony’s arms, his head resting perfectly against Tony’s shoulder.
Tony thinks about it often enough, wonders if he should say something, bring it up in a casual, non-threatening way.
Pulling away, Kara traced the tips of her fingers across Steve’s mouth, rocking against his thigh slightly.  “Not a bad start,” she said, looking over his heaving chest, taking in the slight perspiration that had broken out along his temple. There was a high flush climbing up his chest, working its way up to his cheeks. He already looked debauched, lying there with his shirt unbuttoned, hair askew and the outline of his cock visible in his pants.
