The team made lighthearted conversation over the table; Thor and Clint cracking jokes, Steve and Bruce exchanging looks, and Natasha ate her dinner with grace, acting oblivious towards the commotion.
It’d been weird, the month after the Battle.  The first day after, especially.
With tired eyes, Steve looked up at Natasha.  Nope, she looked completely serious.  Huh.
“JARVIS, time?”
There were girls around them, of course, lips curved up into seductive smirks, fingers playing along their shoulders, the small of their backs.  The men were smirking smugly at them, whispering not so sweet nothings into their ears, leaving them giggling and swatting at the back of their necks oh so gingerly.
-----
went unsaid, but Tony caught the Captain’s drift.  The blond was still staring into him, his face a mix of frustration, relief, and a rather large amount of worry--too much worry.  It made Tony’ skin crawl.
Bucky was right.  Aunt May (not Bucky nor Steve’s actual aunt, but she refused to be called Mrs Parker), was a sweet, older lady, but her glares were essentially daggers to the heart, and made you feel twice as worse than if you’d actually been stabbed.  She was not a women you wanted to double cross.
“Don’t worry,” came a voice from off to the side.  “Your friend is fine.  I’ve provided him with the best protection there is in Hyrule….well, besides myself, but that’s not really an option right now, so…”
“Should you even be going--”
Steve opened his mouth to respond, but before he could, Sam’s eyes fell onto his nearly packed duffle.  “Jesus, are you seriously skipping out on us?  Do you know who’s coming?”
It was too late, for the man was already out of the lab and into the elevator, cackling madly.
Because, really.  It was Clint’s fault.
Clint had been the one who’d picked the movie, so in reality, it was his fault.  Obviously.
“...Does he know that I’m here?”
Steve sighed.  Apparently in the mood for joking, but not in the mood for games.  Kind of hypocritical, but here Tony was doing the fake voicemail stunt when he wasn’t really in the mood for it himself, either.
But Tony would never admit that.  Because really, it started with the damn movie.
-----
But they were trying, and that’s what mattered.  Steve, of course, was as wonderful as ever, making pancakes for the whole team, then slipping into the seat next to Tony and scooting him closer so their shoulders were touching.  He even rubbed against Tony’s feel with his own, which Tony could only roll his eyes at, because of course Captain America would like to play footsie.
Mostly, he just looked confused.
“Tony’s in Lagos today, helping oversee the hospital he’s having built.”
“Aunt Pegs, no, you don’t need to–”
“I have a protocol, alright?” he snapped, glowering at the other man.  “It’s for...it’s for Pepper, it’ll tell her what to do with my shit if I die or whatever.”
“I don’t think I would be either.”  He looked towards Tony to find the man smiling at him, a fantastic smile that managed to reach his eyes.  Steve couldn’t help but return the gesture.
for you.”
He had worried before, of course.  He’d tried to find Tony, to ask him what exactly he’d said that was wrong, and what he could do to make it right.  He still considered Tony to be his friend, and he cared for the other man.  He didn't want them to be back at square one, when their bickering was more than petty arguing for the sake of arguing, back when they tried to hit each other’s pressure points, and their words contained true malice.
Steve just glared.  “You could’ve called Thor for help!  Why in God’s name did you turn your comms off?”
But after a week, Steve was starting to worry.
“A date,” Tony stated, stepping even closer to him now, one finger digging into his chest.  “You, me, good food, good times.”
Slowly, Tony turned around, and found himself walking into Steve’s outstretched arms.  Because this, this was okay.  This was wonderful.  And he wanted this, all of this, without the dark, murky words crawling within his brain weighing him down.
When he saw the name of the cemetery at the gates however, the realization hit him fast and hard.
He’s not not crying, not screaming, not shouting.  No, he’s just...staring.  In shock.  In disbelief.  His head too full of it’s own noise for him to actually make any.  He doesn't dare glance at Natasha, because he already knows what she’s thinking.  That this is forgiveness.  That this is Tony’s way of moving on, moving forward.
“You mean everything to me, Tony.”
“Ah, is Tony sleeping on rice and booze again?  It’s not even Tuesday!” Clint came rounding the corner, peering into the pantry with a wild smirk.  Steve just looked bemused.
According to Fury, however, he’d had enough for five more people.  Of course.
Five days passed, and Steve hadn’t seen Tony since their meeting on the Helicarrier.
Steve bit back a groan, sighing instead.  “You wouldn’t talk to me!  I’ve been trying to talk to you all week, but you’ve been blocking me out.”
“Tony it’s not….it’s not a big deal, really. Are you alright?”
arm, a look on her face that Steve can’t quite decipher.
“And you got jealous.”
They usually ordered in, or Tony had one of his own personal chefs deliver something, but not that night.
He blinked again.  “What?”
Tony could’ve kicked them out, of course.  But he didn’t.  Because hey, Fury might’ve been right for once in his life; having the Avengers in the same spot would be beneficial to the team.  Or something.
He sighed, straddling the bike seat, chest pressed against Steve’s back.  “Right, yeah, I know, I’m an idiot, I know.  Yell at me tomorrow?”
Tony blinked, frowning.  Steve prepared himself for a verbal assault, but it never came.  The other man just continued to stare at the empty space between them for what felt like hours.  When he eventually broke the stiff silence, what he said caught Steve off guard.
Peggy doesn’t say, biting her tongue as she took in a stiff breath.  “Yes, I know that Howard, but what am I supposed to do when I’m halfway across the country?”
“Of course I am,” she chided, smirking as she pulled herself up from her stool at the breakfast bar.  “Now, if you’ll excuse me, some of actually need our beauty rest.”
“But it’s Tony, yes, so I’m sure he could if he wanted to.”
Steve blanched.  “I’m not some goddess-damned hero, I’m just a kid from Ordon.”
But of course, the next morning Steve had to go ruin it all by sending the guy a seemingly harmless question.
Tony shrugged (as if he could shrug off something so life or death from someone like Steve) and took a swig of his brew.
He took the line out to Alewife, and was on his way back, Braintree bound, when his phone buzzed.
He was 70% sure that was Natasha, but he wasn’t sure and honestly, he didn’t care.  This was so...so
“For dealing with panic attack, Sir.”
After minutes, hours, whatever, he knew Steve was still there and he just couldn’t, he couldn’t, he was so tired, so so so tired.
“And so, you need to meet this guy.”
She pulled away, staring into him with her wild, wide glassy eyes.  She looked...oh, god, she looked--
“I’m bisexual,” Steve said with a small shrug.  “I guess I don’t really mind who comes knocking at my door.”
Fuck.
“No, I’m not!”
“You were me for Halloween?” he asked, as if it wasn’t fucking obvious.
A scream erupted from his mouth, and he’d never been more thankful he’d turned the comms off.  No one needed to hear that, least of all-
Tony had a good idea about what he was going to say, but he kept his mouth shut, waiting for Steve to gather his words instead.
And really, neither could Tony.  Because it was never Nick’s eyes, it was Steve’s, it was, it really was, and somehow, somehow….
“You’re sure…?”
But Clint was still smirking so apparently his face hadn’t given himself away for once, and Tony inwardly sighed.  He hadn’t slipped, and he had time to throw up his walls. Thank god.
“Yeah, I suppose it is.  Do you prefer Mr Stark, or Tony?”
But really, he never did, did he?
, huh?”
Steve was in his olive green, form fitting, ass squeezing, peck hugging, bicep defining formal military wear and suddenly Tony was 12 all over again and all he wanted to do was get his
He knows he can’t ask Wanda because that would just be...not right, he feels.  He could ask Sam, sure, maybe, but he knows that Sam is still just as peeved at Tony as Clint is.
“You need to learn to save yourself,
, he’d probably be easier to deal with because Tony Stark had just spent 36 straight hours “tinkering” in his lab, running on nothing but coffee and whatever Dummy had happened to put into the smoothies he kept making (hopefully nothing toxic, but it was Dummy.  Well, more accurately it was Tony’s workshop, so), and Tony had completely ignored the multiple emails and stacks of paperwork that were all courtesy of the most beautiful Pepper Potts.
It’s been four months, four months since the Incident that Steve refuses to call a war, because Steve’s been to war, lived through war, and this...this was not war.  Not what war should be.
For three days, Pepper dragged him off to SI meetings, and he groaned his way through them.  Clint and Thor fought over the last package Pop Tarts, and Bruce nearly hulked out when the duo turned on him, after he suggested that there was a convenience store 2 blocks away where they could buy more.  Natasha sharpened her knives in the lobby, and was only removed after an old man nearly fainted at the sight.
“There was no call, Clint,” Tony muttered, his voice rough in his ears as he began to lift himself off the ground and onto his feet.  Glancing around, he saw that no one was at the desk, and thank god that Clint woke up early today, to go out and do super duper secret spy shit or whatever.
Steve reels.  He knows exactly who T’Challa is talking about, but the mention of it shocks him.  “What?”
Too soon, too soon Steve pulled away and he was smiling, smiling as if.  As if.
“You’re hungover.”  It wasn’t a question, more of an obvious statement that made Tony roll his eyes.
The evening had gone as well as expected, with minimal questioning of his private life (and what he did get could be easily redirected).  The incident of 2004 hadn’t even been brought up, and he’d nearly forgotten it was it’s 9th anniversary.
They were all dressed up, of course; Tony, Clint, Thor and Bruce in some suit Pepper had thrown at each of them (Clint had opted to wear a powdered blue tuxedo, which made even Tony cringe), Natasha in a chic, charcoal backless dress, and Steve, well….
“Captain Rogers,” the AI stated, and Steve was immediately on alert.  Ever since his and Tony’s...altercation in the lab, JARVIS had been all but ignoring him, responding to his commands and questions only when the questions were crucial--and even then the responses were curt and as short.  Steve would’ve never imagined being ignored by an AI could hurt so much, but when that AI belonged to Tony and cared for his wellbeing, it really did pain him.
Fumbling at the too small keys, he manages to type out a single phrase.
“I’m sorry Tony, I–”
Steve opened his mouth, and closed it again.  He still felt as if he had so much more to say, but when he tried to translate his racing mind and raging heart into words, he found himself at a loss.
A pause.  Fuck fuck fuck fu-
Least of all….
“What?”
well.
“You know, for someone who makes a living deciphering people’s feelings you’re having a hell of a time catching my goddamn drift.”
Well, he’d probably get that anyway.  But still.
It was frigid, that evening in downtown Brooklyn, with sweeping winds and dark, dusky skies.  However, it was down under some hole in the wall, disgusting bar that Tony was really interested in.
When he comes back a week later, his lead a bust, Natasha is there waiting for him.
“It is.”
If the public knew that the king of Wakanda was housing multiple fugitives, Steve is also sure the public’s reaction to T’Challa’s donations would be a bit different.
Soon enough he was dropped off, Tony throwing a bundle of cash onto the seat as he stumbled out of the car, making his way into the tower.
And now he was sitting here in this dingy, cum stained cathouse bedroom, heart beating a mile a minute as he tried to gather himself, tried to gather himself but failing oh so badly because he’d been trying to gather himself for years now and he hasn’t really managed that, has he?
The words slice at him, a bitter ring in his ears, but he simply nods.
As previously stated, Tony didn’t do small talk.
“Can I help you?”
At seventeen, Tony’s parents die.  It’s Peggy who picks him up at MIT to bring him home, and to the funeral.
“What do you want from me?  I’ll count backwards from ten, I’ll recite math equations, I’ll take some deep fucking breathes.”
Brushing himself off, he glanced around, gathering himself.  Thankfully he hadn’t dropped off into the front area valet; no, he was around back, which was much more preferable.
He shrugged, turning back to his desk to retrieve a stack of contracts to hand to her.  At the sight, she raised a sculpted brow at him, giving him
But what did he know?  He was really drunk, in all fairness.  Really.  Really drunk.
Every day, it seemed, Steve would go up to Tony and profess his love, about all the little things Tony does, how he mutters to himself when he’s too tired but still refuses to sleep, how he constantly builds and upgrades weaponry for all his teammates, how he has such passion when he’s working, whatever it is he happens to be working on.
“Wait, is that…?”
He couldn’t tell who it was -- could’ve been Clint or Steve, or maybe Nat but it didn’t matter because he couldn’t
He tries to regain himself, turns toward the Natasha, then to the box, then back to Natasha.  “No...no you can stay.  I’m sure it’s not…”
“I’m...I’m good please, fucking-fuck me,
No answer.
Fuck.  Fucking hell, fucking shit.  This wasn’t good.
over.  Y’know, just in case.  Or something.  Right, Oh Captain My Captain?  Right?  I mean I know my file says some shit in there that you might not find to your liking, but-”
Of course, that was the easy part.  It always was.
Steve shook his head.  “No, no I definitely did something, I just can’t figure out what.”  He paused, looking up again.  “Do you know anything about Peggy?”
, and waited.
that it makes his chest ache and his eyes sting and his heart aches oh it aches it aches it aches because how could Steve ever think that he could ever would ever deserve Tony because Tony is a better man than Steve could ever hope to be and Steve never gave him enough credit not then now now not ever and Tony is just so so so everything that Steve ever wanted to be everything that Steve
“Well, not to worry Cap, I managed to defeat the thing anyway right?  Right.  And the thing with the suit, it was like, 30 seconds, tops.”  Steve was still staring at him, and fuck, Tony couldn’t meet the man’s eyes, not after nearly drowning.  Any other day he could fake any expression that one could possibly conjure up, but his guard was down and god, he was so tired, his muscles sore and aching.  “Uh.  Okay.  Well, if you’ll excuse me I’ll be on my way, I’ve had enough of of public vomiting for one day.  Jesus.”
Peggy gives birth a month later.  Maria was kept out of the public eye enough that she can pass the baby off as hers.
It was sort of a cardinal rule among them, that when Steve asked about a movie, they watched it.  And sure, Tony was never one for actually following rules, even his own, but he knew it wasn’t going to be worth the fuss.  Cap would just watch it on his own time, if they didn’t all watch it together right now.  And then he’d spring questions on Tony when he wasn’t prepared, and Tony might just freak out.  Or something.
“Status?” Tony managed to sputter out, and Steve was giving him that look, the one that meant
But no, this wasn’t right.  This was his fucking life, and it didn’t work like that.  A bit of affection didn’t wipe away years and years of pain, it just fucking didn’t.
It was two days later when Steve returned, the mission having ended earlier than anticipated.  The first thing he did was run upstairs, where Tony was lying half asleep in his bed, and folded the man into his arms.
fun, but I have to head to South Station.  Like, now.”
“Denied.”
And Tony was there, and he was good, and he believed that he really, really was getting better.  He wanted to believe it, so badly.
“He game me something.  For you.  T’Challa just told me to put it in your room.”
Shit.
“What?  And you think you do?”
adult like the rest of you.  Behavioural problems, can’t fucking take care of myself, always need to be
The irony is as bitter as blood across his tongue.
“Fuck you Barton,” he murmured, but it was good natured, of course.  Clint grinned.
“It’s the principle of it!” Tony was almost whining now, and he winced.  No, not the time.  “Some people work out, some people smoke, some people smoke crack, some people cut, some people-”
“C’mon Pep, I really did read them this time, I swear!”  He was nearly whining now, but it was just Pepper here, and he couldn’t be bothered to care.  And in his defense, he really did read them!  Well, mostly.  More than usual, anyway.  “You should be lucky I could even sign them, have you not noticed my broken wrist?”
“Of course, Sir.”
“Perfect,” Steve muttered, hand grazing across Tony’s back.
“Shut up, I’m gonna be fucking late!”
“Are you sure?” Cap asked warily.  The others had backed away, still skeptical, but Steve stayed hovering over him.
Captian America wasn’t one to flirt like this, this oversexualized bantering.
, goddamit, and if you’re all gonna walk on eggshells around me, then we’re going to have a serious problem.  Got it?
But now, he wasn’t so sure.  Because really, what was his life after MIT?  There was taking over Stark Industries, sure.  But that, of course, was when he was first really shoved into the limelight of modern media; his face everywhere, paparazzi following his every move, articles of him in magazines ranging from Time to the Inquirer.  That’s when he was no longer Tony, and became Tony Stark.
“Howard’s shit,” Tony mumbled, pulling his head out of the box he was digging around in.  Out of it he pulled a stack of notes, one of Howard’s notebooks and a pile of Captain America comics.  First issue, too.
I deserve this?!  Is that what you want to know?”
Oh Jesus, oh Lord.  He was here and singing and playing and right behind him and there were people here, staring now, some filming but Tony didn’t care, not at all, not at all because Steve was singing to him as he’d been all week, a smile showing through even on his moving lips and wasn’t that something, wasn’t that everything?
If he would ever sort this mess out.
.  No, god no.
Mind fueled by pure adrenaline and rage, he followed the man, pulse pounding in his ears as he made his way over the rickety bridge, creaking under the weight of both the men galloping furiously along.
Tony, which was something...he hadn’t considered.
What Tony Stark did not do, was small talk with strangers he was supposed to be sexting with (well maybe not that yet, but still).  Small talk, online?  On a fake account?  He just didn’t do it.
, just not the will.
because that’s not what this is
When he comes back a week later, his lead a bust, Natasha is there waiting for him.
“He game me something.  For you.  T’Challa just told me to put it in your room.”
And as to why he found it so cute, the way Nick would focus on such small details of the movie, like when Max ate the damn freaky lizard, or the whole seed thing, ranting on and on about them rather than focusing on the whole movie, well.
Peggy takes in a sharp breath, fists shaking at her sides.  “Is that all this is about to you?  You and your goddamn image?  Your fucking company?”
Tony threw his head back, a rich laughter erupting from his mouth.  “Right, and I’m a fucking dodongo.”
“In the United States.”
But of course he knew that wouldn’t last.  Of course.
Tony blinked.  Of course, of course Steve was talking to a therapist, offuckingcourse, because Steve, unlike Tony, had real, actual issues to deal with, not fake pain and silly daddy issues.  Steve watched his best friend fall off a train and hundreds of feet into a valley.  Steve had plunged himself into an iceberg, saying goodbye to the only woman he ever loved as he did so.  Steve woke up to a world 70 years after his, everyone he’d ever known, dead and gone.
So JARVIS played the movie.  And it was pretty cute, Tony had to admit.  He found himself smiling throughout it (well, the happy parts anyway), with the robots and the eccentric characters.  It wasn’t until the end of the movie, where they jumped into the teleportation machine, that it all went to shit.
thinking about it.  So he didn’t.  Not usually.
“Yes, JARVIS?  A call to assemble?”  Normally the klaxon would’ve been sounded, but he couldn’t imagine what other reason JARVIS had to reach out to him.
Before he could come up with some bullshit schpiel, a pair of strong arms were wrapping around him, pulling him in tight.  He let out a soft gasp as Steve buried his head into the crook of Tony’s neck, hands stroking the small of his back and Tony absolutely melted.
“You don’t have to tell me all of this,” Tony said, his tone unreadable.
------
But when Tony could clear his head enough to realize what exactly they were saying, cold blood ran thick through his veins, sending him stiff.
It’s not romantic, it’s not heroic.
She visits, of course, as often as she can (not often enough).  It makes her heart ache, at how happy he is to see her, how bright his face lights up when she walks through the door.  She tells him stories, mostly.  His favorites are about Captain America.
He tried.  He really did.
But this time...this time...
“Yeah sure, of course, right Cap?  Steve?  Remember?”
Steve was used to weird, and he was used to people trying to mess with him, and he was getting used to what 21st Century people did for fun.
But on that train, he wasn’t Tony Stark.  He wasn’t, he really wasn’t.  If people didn’t recognize him, then really, he could just be Tony.  Right?
“What?”
It was still dark out, after midnight but only just.  Small blessings, really.  At least no one would be looking for him.
“And you must be Sebastian,” Steve replied in turn, but he wasn’t blistering with rage, as Tony thought he might, at being played, at-
And again, again, it wasn’t until Tony had left the room that the implications of Tony’s words hit him like a punch to the gut.  The realization took a firm hold over him, fast and strong and
“....You got mugged.  Really?”
His breath hitched slightly, when the man sat down on the floor to face him, eyes inches from his own.
“Hey, JARVIS, you still with me?”
Steve was already mostly certain this whole thing was a trap when he took Bucky through the village instead of back the way he came, so the confirmed knowledge that this mystery man was purposely letting Steve follow him didn’t slow him down.
logo stenciled on in fresh, glistening paint.  Even that is almost too much for Steve, seeing Tony’s name embellished before him.
“No….”
“The phone I gave you.  It’s not one way.  You can call him.”
“I swear to god, we’re not watching
“...You all in the same location would be ideal.  I know that Barton and Romanov are used to it here, but Dr. Banner, and you Captain, aren’t so used to such living conditions.”
Too soon, far too soon,
And he misses Tony like he had missed Bucky, but this is worse, somehow, because Bucky didn’t choose to leave him be, and Steve didn’t choose to push him away.
Steve rolled over, covering Tony’s body with his, but propping himself up on his elbows as not to squish the other man.  He cupped Tony’s head within his hands, as if it were fine and precious, as if Steve were scared to do any more damage.
Rhodey came over after she left, gently squeezing his shoulder, offering him the smallest of smiles.
The doctor let out a low chuckle, settling into his chair.  “Yes, I believe I do.”
Tony turned his eyes up, to see Steve smiling somewhat sheepishly, shaking his phone slightly.  “Didn’t see where I was going.”
“It’s good to see you again, Mr Stark,” Garner said, shutting the door as he settled himself into the firm leather armchair facing Tony’s desk.  “How have you been doing?”
Bruce merely raised an eyebrow, and Tony was about to throw the notebook into the inferno, when the lab doors opened.
,” she smirked, and Steve rolled his eyes.  “But if you’re looking for information on Peggy, you’re asking the wrong person.”
“Why can’t you take care of the damn baby?  You’re the mother!”
He blinked, then frowned.  The last part, about not being qualified to be an Avenger, had just slipped out.  The other things had been said to him constantly, whether it be through a trashy magazine, talk show, or having been directly said to him in person.  And granted, he had been told he wasn’t fit to be an Avenger, but it seemed so long ago now; never mind that after Tony threatened to leave the Avengers after the Chitauri invasion, both Fury and Coulson had made it very clear that Tony was, and is, an Avenger.
Tony blinked, groaning as he felt a hand grasp at his shoulder, shaking him.  Wiping his eyes, he now saw it was Clint who was waking him, concern wrinkled in his eyes.  And, well, that in itself was pretty telling.
Even if it would hurt him, he needed to know more about Peggy
“I was just about to burn that,” Tony muttered, lifting himself off of Clint and snatching the wretched thing from Steve’s grip.  Steve, however, was still grinning.
She stared at him for what felt like hours, her expression unreadable.  Eventually, however, she straightened up, and Steve could’ve swore he saw the hint of a smirk run across her face.  “No, I suppose not.”  She nodded at them once and walked off, leaving her post in front of Fury’s door.
.  Why did he want to stay now, and why did he stay with him before?  It wasn’t...right.  Sure, they were friends, but that level of friendship…
“Tony, I have loved you, I have always loved you, and I
Hah.  Hah.
“Yes, he will mind and you know it,” Tony cut in, burying himself into Steve’s chest as Steve cradled him closer, both of them leaning against the doorway of Tony’s bedroom.  “Not that I mind Fury being pissed of, because who fucking cares, right?”
Tony didn’t know whether he was crying, screaming, or both, and he could barely make out Natasha’s soothing words as she shushed him, telling him that he needed to calm down, that it was okay, that he was safe, that he needed to pull himself together, that he was loved, that he was cared for, that he needed to take back control, that he needed to slow his breathing, that everything was going to be okay, somehow, some way.
Of course, though, he’d been oh so fashionably late for the Avengers’ meeting with Fury one Thursday afternoon, and had flung the doors open right as Fury was discussing the team’s living accommodations.
They parked, and walked in silence towards the proper gravestone.  Steve had been briefed on the location, but he had never came, didn’t think he could bare to come alone.
But the train, the train was steady and the people were cheering and he did it, he managed to do something worthwhile, something-
Despite his still hazy mind, he managed to put on his best, breezy smile, at which Pepper took with a small glint in her glazed eyes.
it, if it was adoption?  Wedlock, he could see reason for the redaction, but it still didn’t sit right with Steve.
But he was so good.  He was so
Tony frowned into his drink, hearing it now, too.  He look at the others; Thor and Bruce seemed mildly confused, Natasha, of course, was smirking, and Clint looked as if he’d fallen back asleep all over his eggs.
Perhaps it was an olive branch, but perhaps Tony really didn’t have a use for a vibranium shield.
It’s so so so utterly
Bruce heard it first, perking up slightly at the sound.  “Is…that Steve?  Playing?”
“Tony?”
him about, had warned him…
Steve was wide eyed now, cocking his head at Tony.  Tony merely shrugged.  Steve had usually gone for his run and made it back after Tony’d managed to collect himself from the pantry every other time this happened.  Today he just happened to get lucky.
Just as Steve had begun to put his phone away, Tony’s screen lit up, a Twitter notification blinking in the corner.
She rolled her eyes.  “Your left hand is broken Tony, not your right.”
And Steve knows Tony, he really does.  Knows him better than he deserves, perhaps.  He knows he’s not doing this to throw it in Steve’s face, that he’s not doing it as some publicity stunt.  He knows he’s doing it because he
Well, for the most part.
with his petty self destruction, and the way he clung to Steve, as if he was the one in pain, not the other way around.  Tony himself had tortured Steve with his bullshit and oh god, the realization clawed at him, wracking him to the core as he felt his skin shaking and his breath heaving, because it wasn’t
him?  He couldn’t tell if the Captain really wished to inform Tony on the day of the week, or if he was actually fucking humoring his hungover ass.
“Then how about a date?”
Even so, he’d debated answering, but decided to solely based on the fact that the last thing he wanted to deal with when he got back to New York was Steve’s disapproving gaze.
“Redacted.”
He’d given himself a day to cool off, because right after Tony had walked out on him, he was mad.  Maybe a bit irrationally, but how could he not be a bit enraged?  He was trying to talk to Tony, because Tony didn’t own a claim on Peggy, and he was just trying to figure out what exactly their relationship had been like, why Tony and Peggy had been so close to warrant all those pictures.
Soon enough, they left and the rest of the team barged their way back in.  This time, though, they seemed too afraid to say anything.
Well, mostly.
magic.
It started with the robot spider attack.  Really, it did.
Fuck.
“Yes Tony, believe me, I know.”
It took Steve a minute to come to and realize that Tony was actually talking, talking to him, and he had no idea what was going on.  “Tony--”
And he was barely done licking his wounds.
Steve.  Told him what he was trying to do, so he could help him do it right.
Steve blinked.  “No, why?”
In that moment, he didn’t know why he had the gun in his workshop.  In that moment, he didn’t know that it was an prototype he’d thrown together for Natasha because, really, SHIELD issued guns sucked and she needed something good, something better than good.
At that, Tony snorted, striding towards the last empty seat and flopping down, meeting Fury’s sharp gaze with an easy smirk.
Fuck.  Really?  What Tony needed was a dose of fucking reality?  He fought for his life nearly on the daily, he’s been captured by terrorists, he has sharpel trapped inside his chest that’s oh so close to eating him alive every single day, and what he needs is fucking reality?
As soon as he strode through the hallway, entering the dimly lit room, a couple of girls came over to him, muttering sweet talk to him, but he had no interest in such things.  It was the room through the door near the bar that held his real desire.
to see he finishes inside his own head, because really, what could it be?  There’s no note, no letter attached.  The box is big enough to contain some sort of gun, but what use would Steve have for a gun, and why would Tony send him one?  The only other thing he can think of his some sort of new uniform, but even that is a stretch.
“You made him happy.”
“Is it not enough?  Am I not enough for you?”  Steve’s voice was strained, aching, and it made Tony’s insides squirm.
“Of course,” she said simply, an amused grin playing at her lips.  He swooped her into a hug, and it felt….it felt good.  He hadn’t hugged anyone since….
“Bought the bus ticket, I
but before he could figure out if he succeeded or not, he drifted off into unconsciousness.
Steve smirked, shoving his feet into the stirrups as he steadied his small frame atop Epona.  “I think it’s you who needs my help, Buck, at least I don’t go screaming for my Ma when the sheep come charging at me.”  Steve kicked into his horse, and they galloped off into the heart of the village, Bucky chasing after him, screaming things along the lines of
I just spew a bunch of shit at you and you say okay?!”
He turned to Natasha, who was sitting quietly beside him.  “If this is redacted...does that mean there’s a version of this file where it’s not redacted?”  This might not be what he’d been looking for, necessarily, but he
Steve wishes he could believe her.
“Okay.”
Really?  Steve was going to have this conversation right here, right now?  In this mess of a pantry with Tony’s booze soaked hair and stained sweats?
Hopefully none of said people were paparazzi, or any nobody who gave a shit about him, but he was never really that lucky, was he?
“Maybe,” Steve said, revving his engine.  They took off, breeze biting at Tony’s hands as he wrapped himself tighter around the man, sighing closer into his firm back.
“--get the fucking thing
“Damage report?” he managed.
“God, you stupid asshole,” the blonde muttered, voice wavering.  “You turned your damn phone off, you didn’t answer, you didn’t tell anyone where you were going, you know that, right?  I was….we were
.  And no water was as disgusting as New York water.
“Not now, JARVIS,” Tony grunted, eyes clenching as the train continued to weigh down on him.  He was almost there, almost there, almost-
“It’s okay,” Tony said, “I mean, I guess I thought you did too.  But that’s not how this works, Steve, it’s not--”
And when Tony pulled the gun out of the drawer, that was the only thought that crossed his mind; that it was a gun, that it was loaded, and that was good, better than good.  Better than whiskey or vodka or scotch, better than a goddamn bottle of pills.
The man nodded, unconcerned as he reached for the lube, squirting a generous amount onto his finger.  Quickly, he played at Tony’s hole, teasing it until he thrusted inside, slowly at first, then growing faster as Tony adjusted to the feel of the man’s thick digit.
“Does JARVIS know I’m, y’know, alive?”
------
“I really am sorry.”
“Nope,” Bucky replied, not looking away from the screen.  As he rolled his eyes, Steve was about to throw them into his hamper, when he felt a lump in one of the pockets.  Reaching in, he pulled out a wallet, a phone, and a key, complete with an MIT keychain.
Tony fully expected Clint to snap back at him, but the other man merely slumped his shoulders, sighing again.  “Tony, we’re just worried about….about you.  Steve especially, he keeps saying--”
“....No,” Tony conceded, slumping further down in his chair.  The daddy issues, the drinking, the sex. They all wrapped around each other, strangling him into his current mindset.  His current, depressed, mindset.
“Sir, it appears that Captain Rogers is requesting access to your lab.”
It was a stretch, a thin, thin stretch, but if whoever this man was could potentially help Bucky, then Steve had to try.
“No, really, I’m not, honestly, I love sleeping in whiskey soaked rice.  It’s like a Tuesday night tradition.”
There was before MIT.  Then there was MIT.  Then there was before Afghanistan.  Then there was after Afghanistan.
Really, it was all Clint’s fault.
She paused, then gave a small nod.  “That’s possible.  Probable.  If there was, however, Fury would be keeping it under lock and key himself.  I doubt there’s even a digital copy out there.”
and all that jazz.  Sure the renovations to the floors, making them more apartment-like and less office-like weren’t complete, but apparently Fury took ASAP very literally.
And it was ridiculous, it really was, because Peggy was never his, not really.  He’d loved her, of course he did, how could he not?  But besides that, Peggy was not a woman to be claimed by
At this, he stiffened slightly.  He should’ve gotten an emergency call if they needed him for something in New York, and he had left his suitcase suit in the car, so…
Steve blushed, fumbling to form a disapproving glare on his face.  Tony chuckled, snatching the items from Steve’s hands.  “Anyway, 10 big ones right?  I think that’s what I promised, but honestly I can’t remember.  Sounds fair though, no?”
Like the absolute professional his father molded him into, Tony breezed by the mess of media, shit eating grin sketched across his face.  Warily, the rest of the Avengers followed him, faces similar to how they were in the limo.  Which was fine, really it was, because it’s not like Tony needed help fending off the absolute mess that was
-----
He glanced around again, and sighed as he realized he was still being hovered over.  “Guys, Jesus Christ, a little breathing room?  Personal bubble?  I’m fine, really.  Seriously?”
Well, to be fair he didn’t, but he didn’t want a refund because frankly, he missed New York, and he missed his Ma.  It was only his freshman year, and Boston definitely wasn’t Brooklyn.  Sure, it had all the anger and madness of a big city, the packed streets and bustling sidewalks, but it just wasn’t the same.
“Got a hot date, Stark?  Thought you were doing that weird online shit.”
“Any luck?” She asks, a smirk playing on her face that doesn’t quite reach her eyes.
“But what if you
“I don’t think he wants to have a hold on your exact location.  I think he wants his space.”
Tony sighed, slumping down slightly, now realizing he was painfully tense.  “Nothing, just wondering.”
“Tony, please, just let me--”
The team was slowly realizing that they could be their normal selves around him, that they didn’t need to give him tentative looks after every wry joke, after every time they went to pick a movie, after every time they went to order takeout.  And it was good.  It really was.  It definitely was.
Tony.
Steve raised an eyebrow, and Clint swallowed, tapping at the screen.  “Uh do y’wanna put your sexuality on there?  Just so you don’t get random men knocking at your door, I mean-”
“It...it says here that she had a child?  But the name was…”
So they fell into bed together.  Just once, only once, but once was enough.
And Tony, oh Tony, he’d been so selfish, so fucking
When Tony is eleven, Peggy tries to take him back.
“You’re not going to tell me where we’re going, are you?”
Anyway.
And then, of course, Tony managed to shove his foot straight through his mouth.
Out of thin air, Natasha appeared behind Steve, making the man jump.  “Barton,” she stated, the smallest of smirks threatening her face.
And he was gone.
“Didn’t--?!  Tony, you never let me in!  You never wanted to talk, you always shut me out!  I tried, I
With unnecessary force, Tony placed his mug onto his desk.  He inched towards Steve, eyes narrowing.  “Keep doing what, Cap?  Saving the world, being a hero?  Sorry it’s such an
If only he’d just
He pulls the little, black phone out from his pocket.  There’s only one contact in it.
But, he supposed he deserved it, didn’t he?
–His desk, which was full of nothing but Peggy.
“How did you even get the file?”
But Pepper was gone, his first and last love.
-----
Of course.  How fucking
uttered from his mouth, because, fuck, Bucky had been taken, Steve had found some magic sword in the middle of the freaking woods and now he was all...
Moving past Natasha, he nearly runs down the hallway to his room, thoughts rushing through him at a dizzying pace.
It was three days after Steve left when Tony realized that he was most certainly Not Okay.   It was so late it was early the next day, and Tony was lost in his work, so lost that when he was rummaging through his drawers, it took him a good minute to realize that what he picked up was not, in fact a socket wrench, and was a bottle of pills.
After dinner, Tony found himself on the couch with the others, debating over which movie to watch.
He read and reread the rest of the file, looking for another clue, for
With that, Tony scrambled off the ground, and most certainly did not run for the elevator, leaving a somewhat befuddled room of teammates in his wake.
“He’s good, Steve.  He really is.”
“Stay with me, please.  I...I wasn’t kidding when I said I couldn’t sleep.”
The way he says it is almost patronizing, but Steve knows that it’s not.  He’s just...trying to help.
“Sir has also added a generous amount of rum to his coffee.”
Tony.  Has that really, never occurred to you?”
Tony shrugged.  The lab had good ventilation.  It was fine.  Probably.
“What?  What the fuck?”
Then his parents bit the dust and he was left with a company to run and damn it if he wasn’t a genius but goddamn it if he wasn’t still 21 when he took over the company, working alongside a man who was out to kill him as he made weapons that were out to kill others, kill innocent lives and there was blood on his hands, so so so so much blood on his hands and maybe, maybe that’s why he deserved it after all, deserved it for that wretched nickname that he earned all on his own, no one’s fault but his own.
“Hey, hey you awake?  C’mon, he didn’t hit you
It didn’t matter.  Tower constructions were well underway within two weeks, nearly completed in three.  And he had more than enough space.
“--prince, I couldn’t stop him, so he took it, and when he fucking fled like the damned coward he is, he took the thing but he’s such a bloody idiot that he managed to--”
“Yup.  You are most definitely fucked, Steve,” Natasha had said after Steve (vaguely) explained the situation to her at two in the morning, after she found Steve nestling his aching heart over a leftover plate of Clint’s homemade and somewhat terrifying nachos (terrifying because he was 93% certain the green stuff in it was not jalapenos).
?  My friend told me it was good,” Steve piped up, and Tony eyed him because really, Steve just usually went along with whatever because Steve was Steve and he was like that.
Steve nods.
Tony blinked at the hand, then at Steve’s dancing eyes, those blue, blue eyes, fuck.  Oh fucking hell.
And he was so tired of it.  But he didn’t show that, because what kind of actor would that make him?
Well, all except for one.
Before Steve could utter something out of his slacked jaw, Tony scrambled off of his chair and out of his workshop before he could make an even bigger fool of himself, which he knew all too well was very possible.
Oh.  Oh
And perhaps that was a mistake on her part–she knew Howard, knew him as one friend knew another friend, but how could she have known who the man was behind closed doors?
Clint was still outwardly mad, but Steve had a suspicion that it was just a cover to mask his guilt.  Steve asked Clint for a favor, and if he had said no, Steve would’ve moved on.  But Clint did come, on his own free will, and as much as Clint wants to blame Tony for getting locked up, Steve knows that Clint understood what he was getting himself into.  What he was risking.
The flames had stopped at the forest, but Steve knew that didn’t mean the village was out of harm's way.  A man like that--
Tony had seen a lot of men in a lot of suits in his day.  Countless galas, balls, meetings, you name it.  But honestly, none of them compared to Steve in his formal military garb.
Gasping slightly, the man’s eyes snapped open, shouting as he rolled over, falling onto the floor in a heap of blankets and old food wrappers.
He swiped to answer the call, bringing the phone to his ear.  “Hello, you’ve reached the voicemail of Tony Stark.  I’m probably out doing science, or I just don’t give a shit.  So leave a message.  Or don’t.”  He then did his best impression of a mechanical
Before he could make it out the door, Clint grasped onto his shoulders, his eyes wild and somewhat frightening.  “Steve, seriously!  Call your mom, don’t get on that smelly Peter Pan bus, and stay.  You’ll totally regret it if you don’t come.”
Steve sighed, shooting her a quick glance.  Her brow was raised, and she was eyeing him carefully.  “I have no idea.”
“Where’s Bucky?”  he managed, his voice raw and thick in his throat.  The prince seemed unruffled by the fact, if anything his wicked smile grew.
“I’m saying Maria wasn’t your biological mother…it doesn’t matter, because she was a better mother than I ever was, but what I’m saying is that twenty-two years ago your father and I fell into bed together, and now here we are.
who can help him, who can reverse whatever the hell Hydra did to him.
, he didn’t need this, didn’t want--
“--sack of shit, the bastard, had to go and ruin everything.  After years and years, I’d finally managed to create a shield strong enough to repel Loki’s magic, but the fucker had to go take the damned thing for himself, and I’m just a--”
His name was called and a body slammed down onto him, knocking the sweet, sweet air from his lungs, but he didn’t need it, not really.  His body was being crushed with 250 pounds of of dirty, not-Steve muscle and Tony was smiling, smiling as his spit blood out from between his teeth, sputtering out what had gathered upon his lips.
Tony was about to rebuttal with how the film was meant to show Steve the wonders of the nineties, but he held his tongue.
He grinned weakly.  “I uh, had Natasha do it.”
“Hey, I don’t think it’s fair to be playing Monopoly with the literal business tycoon,” Clint whined, but shut up once he took an elbow to the side from Natasha.  Steve wasn’t listening though, because he could only focus on what Tony had said, and how that was the first thing that came to mind as they started sorting through the tiny houses and fighting over who would be the thimble and who would be the shoe.
Or, at least he hoped it really
“No, no I think you are.  Steve, I’m not
Moving past Natasha, he nearly runs down the hallway to his room, thoughts rushing through him at a dizzying pace.
At that, Steve pursed his lips, let go of Tony, and turned away, leaving the engineer sputtering from his stop against the wall.
“Of course,” he stated, looking away.  And that was that.
About a month later after the whole guitar thing, Tony found himself hunched over a mug of coffee at breakfast, everyone circled around the kitchen table.  Minus Steve, of course.
Maybe she would, maybe not.  Maybe it wasn’t the same.  Steve should talk to her at least, but…
“Yeah baby, gotta make you nice and loose first, gotta open you up, get you ready for me,” he muttered, already halfway through ripping Tony’s pants off.  When he reached for his top layers however, Tony stopped him.
Well.  A billionaire could definitely throw around $10,000 like it was nothing.
Well, maybe that’s
Tony snorted, shooting a raised brow towards Clint’s, but the man just rolled his eyes.  “You made us suffer through Wayne’s World, you have no right to judge.”
“When you have a panic attack, how do you cope?”
“Tony!” he called, searching frantically across the room.  He expected to find the man either trapped under some sort of machinery, cut and bleeding, or both.  What he found however was the billionaire perfectly unharmed, dressed not in the usual ratty tank top and jeans he wore in the lab, but in dress pants and an overcoat.  Steve blinked at the sight.
“You don’t think I–?!”
Tony narrowed his eyes.  “You know, I’m not in the mood for a lecture on--”
He’d wake up in cold sweat once every few weeks; less often than that, he’d wake up screaming bloody murder.
Mentally shaking the thought from his head, Steve nods.  “Travel safely.”
“To be fair,” he said slowly, either trying to quell his frustration, or acting like he was talking to a two year old.  Probably both.  “I really think that working out is far better than getting wasted.”
“Maybe you just can’t help me.  Maybe no one can.  Maybe I’m too fucked up to be unravelled.  What do you want me to tell you, Steve?  That my dad beat my every day since the day I could talk back to him?  That I got piss ass drunk every fucking night in high school when I was twelve?  That I used to do
Wiping away his thoughts, shoving them back down his own throat, he found himself wrapped in Steve’s huge, warm arms, hand stroking down his back and oh god,
Tony didn’t even have it in himself to yell traitor aloud.  Despite his restful slumber, he was absolutely drained.
“A what?”
Steve gave off a long sigh, running his hands through his blond locks.  “Yes, Tony it does matter.  Believe it or not, your life does matter.”
“If there’s one thing I’ve learned as my time as an assassin, it’s to not depend on anyone.”
Everyone, he found out, was an idiot.  Except Pepper, of course, who was obviously too furious to call him.
------
Park Street.  It was nothing special, it wasn’t South Station or anything.  But MIT was on the Red Line, and whenever he needed to get on the Green, Park Street it was.  Not that he really had anywhere to go all that often while at school, but Rhodey had this thing for the pizza bagels at Faneuil Hall--not that Tony minded of course, because c’mon,
Well, shit.
Fuck.  Fucking hell.
“Can I stay here, then?”
, the fuck are you doing?  You’re in the fucking lobby and--shit, is their blood on the floor?  Tony, what the fuck happened?  Tony,
“Yeah me neither, I guess I should…”
Silence.  Tony tapped a pen against the pot of his cactus.
“Steve?”
“You just said you weren’t.”
“Tony, what the hell happened?”
Tony found himself in his lab, two hours later and half a whiskey bottle poorer.
Of all the things,
, you have to get there yourself.  But you will, I know you will, Steve knows you will, we all know you will.”
“Oh, hey Steve.  Got a hot date tonight?”  Tony asked, giving the man a once over.  Dress shirt with fitted khakis.  The lucky gal would probably heel over at the sight.
The next day, Steve came home with an acoustic guitar and a handful of teach-yourself books.  Tony didn’t think anything of it.  Steve was a weird guy.  So what if he wanted to play the guitar?  So what if he had stopped coming to Tony’s workshop, in favor of playing in his room?  So what if Tony hardly saw the man, who’d taken up sleeping at odd hours, apparently, missing breakfast with the team.
Damn Fury.
Steve turns toward T’Challa, who’s poised at the door frame of Steve’s bedroom.  The King is dressed formally, a suit made of cloth, not of vibranium.
was ridiculous.  Or well, maybe it wasn’t, maybe just Tony was terribly, terribly, ridiculous.  No, that didn’t even cover it.  Shitty, yeah.  A horrible menace to society, getting closer.
“Sure.  I’m a fucking billionaire, of course I’m going to get mugged.”
“As you wish, Sir.”
But then it kept happening.  Nearly all the time.
And Bruce grinned backed, grasping his shoulder and picking up his mug and shuffling off towards the elevator.  And in that moment, Tony really did believe it.  Therapy was still awful to sit through, but it was going surprisingly well.  He was taking his meds, and they seemed to be helping.  Somewhat.
He hadn’t put the lab on max security, because for the level he’d had it on, only three people had access to, and he’d, like the dumbass he was, forgotten that one of them happened to live in the tower.
It’s not like he noticed Steve doing the same thing, anyway.
“Really, I--”
She shrugged, waving him off.  “That’s neither here nor there.  But you need to learn to help yourself when you have a panic attack, when your depression is beating you out.”
“Ben’s waiting for the two of you up at the ranch!” Aunt May called as he and Bucky trotted past.  Steve nodded in affirmative, guiding his horse up the small hill leading towards the enclosure.
Steve shakes his head.  “How was Lagos?”
Gala, gala gala.  Pepper was shaking her head slightly at him, scrolling through her phone, so it must’ve been something important.  What gala?
“Then what happened?”
“Was I now?”
Oh.  Him.  Hmm.
Bruce just blinked, but he didn’t put the phone down.  Huh, well that worked better on Dummy, apparently.  Oh, and why the phone, did they forget about JARVIS?
…yeah.
They’d made their truce, sure, but Tony could still be an arrogant asshole, could still get on every last one of Steve’s nerves and tear them apart twice over.  And while it
“Tony-”
“Natasha she...she left me a message, I was able to listen to it on the way back and, God, Tony, I thought...I thought…”
But, because Tony was Tony, he’d made a fake online persona and had Jarvis direct all of Pepper’s emails to said persona, and all emails, messages, and so on were sent from the same persona.
They rode down in comfortable silence, Steve getting off at the main lobby, declining Tony’s offer for a lift in the car.
“Yeah,” he asked, giving a weak chuckle, “how long was I out?”
Gently, Tony untangled himself from the other man, sitting up on the bed and facing Steve.  The other man’s eyes were rimmed with red, and Tony tried not to wince.
Steve nodded.  It’s not like he could be mad at the guy for it; hell, in some twisted way, it made it better.  Two liars in some odd relationship that was never meant to be.  Not that he dwelled on that last part for too long, because really, it hurt enough.
-----
Tony leaned his head into Steve’s chest, at which the man sighed, wrapping his firm arms around him, head digging into the crook of Tony’s neck.
-----
This time, Tony couldn’t hold back an eye roll.  “I have daddy issues so far up the fucking wall that I’ve been propositioned by MTV to have a show made about it.  I drink just as much as the tabloids say I do, and probably more.  I’ll sleep with anyone with a pulse, as shown by my stunt in 2004.  I’m narcissistic, I don’t play well with others, and I still don’t think I’m qualified to be an Avenger.
about those lives lost at the hands of the Avengers, knows that he’s still trying to make up for New York, for Sokovia.  For the lives lost at the hands of his own weapons.
Rhodey always respected the ‘sock on the doorknob’ rule, and he too enjoyed pizza.  The underwear was a little much, so Tony managed to put them in his hamper.  But only because it was Rhodey.
“You mean a will.”
Ah yes, of course.  Tony’s favorite greeting, and his most common one (next to ‘Tony no’, but who’s counting, right?)
It took more willpower than Tony knew he had to keep from rolling his eyes.  “Yeah, right.  Everyone knows about me.  Don’t tell me you didn’t do a google search before coming here.”  He knew he was being unnecessarily rude, but years of being forced into therapy gave him a natural defense to those kinds of questions.  Nobody ever really cared about how he was doing.  He was like a token, to them.  The famous child of Howard Stark chose to come to my therapy office?!  How lovely!  It was always a goddamn game with them, and Tony hated it almost as much as he hated his father for subjecting him to the shit in the first place.
Well, honestly, it was Clint’s fault.  But really it was Pepper’s.
a gift.
And Tony
“As much I’d like to stand here and admire you’re astronomical physique, I’m on mission.”
He looks up, meeting Natasha’s eyes for the first time that day.
No, Tony didn’t want to talk about this right now, and Tony
Rubbing his temple with one hand and the other running through his nasty, sticky hair, Tony looked up and found the reason for his rude awakening.
Sure.
.  And now he was somehow not dead, and instead in Hyrule Castle, making nice with the prince.
afterwards?”
“No.”
Not to mention it’d only been a week.
For a minute, anyway.  Natasha was the first to speak up.  “Why didn’t you say anything?”
Tony came out with a fractured family, a family that he tried so hard to build up.
It wasn’t standard, as was shown by the man’s mildly shocked face, but he only grinned, a wicked curl to his lips.  “Oh baby, I feel like I should be paying you.  I’m going to make you feel so good, sweetheart, make it so nice for you, you’re going to love it.”
Steve considers it, he really does.  He wants to ask someone, too, if it’s the right thing to do.  If it’s even worth it.
Steve’s head shot up, now grinning at Natasha, who had moved across the kitchen to make herself a cup of tea.  She turned to him, blinking.
, yes, it’s fucking hilarious.  But, no, I only know this recipe because Peggy taught it to me.”
Saying he
that most of Tony’s jokes had no malice–about the ice, about him being old, about him being out of his own time–he was never completely sure.
what an upgrade was?), and he didn’t care if it led him to, hours later, staring into the bathroom mirror with shattered walls and a broken grin.  What did it matter if he’s had more than a few fingers of scotch, despite disapproving glares from Pepper, and disappointed ones from Steve (which, somehow, seemed so much worse).
“Of course, Sir.”
“You gonna stand there making googly eyes at your horse, or help me heard?”
Steve whipped his head around, eyes coming across a slender man with a white, glistening tunic hanging from his shoulders.  It must’ve have been silk--Steve had never seen the cloth, but he knew how precious and fine it was--with gold thread trimming the hems of his sleeves.  Hanging from the belt cinched around his waist was a deep red apron, embroidered with the symbol of the royal family--three golden triangles, with one stacked on top of the other two in a pyramid formation.
But it was cold and dark and Tony was alone, very alone as he meandered through the crowded bar towards the back, down the stairs and into the arena, with jeering people who reeked of stale beer and damp sweat, with two other masked men already punching it out in the ring that was centered inside the place.  And really, it was perfect.  Really.
But, when she held her child in her arms for the first time, staring into his soft brown eyes, how could she have felt regret?
“Wait….how did you find me?”
He went limp, stopping his mad thrashing, letting whatever divine being that was still watching down on him take hold, letting this scene play through, this scene in his pathetic life, this scene that might very well be his last, and -
Tony peaked at what Bruce was holding; yup indeed, the stupid model he had lying around.  Oh well, it was good for leveling shit, anyway.
Clint rolled his eyes, and Steve huffed.  Smirking, however, Clint typed away, filling in the small bio that Twitter allowed.
What he wants to say is
No.  He didn’t have time to think like that.  Think
Silence.
“Be safe, okay?” Steve murmured, lips crawling up Tony’s jaw line to nip at his earlobe.  Too soon, Steve untangled his body from his, stepping into the doorway.  He smiled.  “I love you, Tony.”
Well to be honest he would’ve settled for peanut butter and pickles at that point, considering he hadn’t eaten in nearly three days, but Bruce did know how to cook.
, and he was in the goddess damn castle, and he had no idea what was going on.  But, his brain was not completely lost from him.
And there it was.  It was like a spell; a hex of some sort.  Steve said those magic words, and bam.  The walls came up, surrounding him entirely.
Garner sighed, shaking his head slightly.  “You need a system, for if he’s not--”
Himself.  No good for himself.
But about the headlines, about how they somehow (probably assumed, really), found out that it was Tony who knocked Stone out cold?  No, he couldn’t give a damn flying fuck about that.  He was over it, he was so
“You’re disgusting, Buck.”
They would talk later, they would, they had to.  But for now, for now Tony was wrapped in Steve’s arms, kissing the man for all of New York to see, and Tony knew that whatever happened, it would be worth it, honestly and truly.
This wasn’t him writing a note in choppy, tear stained writing as he confessed his sorrows for his parents to mourn over; parents who would forever think that they didn’t do enough and they didn’t care enough and fuck it if it was true because they were dead now and this isn’t how this story goes because real life isn’t glorious, real life doesn’t have your classmates crying over your casket, sobbing about how they didn’t know and they should’ve been a better friend and they could’ve helped but it doesn’t matter because they didn’t and they only care when you’re dead because they’re now the one in pain and you’re not there to witness it anyway because you’re fucking six feet under with a bullet in your head because you couldn’t keep it together, not for her not for him not for them because you’re a fucking coward and Tony, he’s always been a coward, hiding behind a bottle of gin or a girl around his neck or a gun at his side or a metal mask across his face because he can’t face himself, can’t look into the mirror and see what he’s become because he’s a fucking coward and he couldn’t even keep it together.
“Yeah, I know.”
Peggy doesn’t know what she would have done with a child like that.  She prays that Howard knows what he was doing, and that he knows how to treat the child well.
Steve blinks.  “If he wanted to?”
I'm sorry this took so long! I was overcome by school and college and other real world priorities.  On top of that this chapter gave me a bit of trouble, so I hope it came out alright!  (Also this is going to be longer than the 2 chapters I had originally planned for oops).  Hope you guys like it!
She sighed, eventually looking up and into him.  “They taught me that love is a weakness.  That love clouds your senses and makes you foggy, makes you lose track of the mission.  Because that’s all it was really about, anyway.  It was always about the mission.”
He also began to
Natasha merely raised an eyebrow at them, but when she rose from the breakfast bar to fetch herself some coffee, she pressed a quick, barely there kiss to his cheek, whispering a fond idiot as she went.  Both Rhodey and Clint let out a cackling laugh when they saw them, but it was Clint who congratulated Tony on scoring a piece of that “100% All American Ass”.  Thor sent him (and Steve) sputtering when slapped them both on the back, glad that they finally “as Jane says, gotten your heads out of your asses”.  Bruce, well, Bruce came up for coffee and a handful of granola bars, then shuffled back down to his lab.
“Did you check?”
Again, the bluntness of the whole thing caught Tony off guard.  Because yes, his other therapists had talked about touchy feely issues, but they never came out directly and said it.  That he was abused by his father, and when he was older, that he had a drinking problem.
“I’m leaving for Lagos today.”
, but some things were too far fetched for him to handle.
He eyed the arrow, raising a brow at the letter attacked.  He unfurled the sheet, which read
He was okay.  Really.
I hope you guys liked this chapter!! I'm leaving for London for my study abroad in like a week (as of 8/7/16) so I'll try to finish this up when I can.  It WILL get an ending though, I promise!!
“Better than being drunk, right?” He was slurring, a smile managing to reach his lips.  Steve, however, didn’t look amused.
“Well if you’ll excuse me, I have, uh, things to do.  Science things, Bruce will understand.  Obviously.  Alright, so…”
And well, there were twenty four from Steve.  And a billion text message which he far too exhausted to even go through.  They could bitch him out later.  Right now, all he wanted was to trudge his way home and collapse into his bed.  Or something.
Tony worked on a stealth suit for Steve that was a billion times better than his SHIELD issued one, along with arrowheads for Clint, and forced Bruce to help him out with the conundrum of creating EMP arrows that would short out Doom’s shitty bots, but not Tony’s suit or Natasha’s Widow Bites.
Later, it became an after dinner thing (well, for those who ate dinner at reasonable hours) after the rest of them had realized that Bruce prefered to sleep at normal people hours.  And it’s not like it was every day, just some days, when they managed to coax Tony out of his workshop, and when Clint and Nat weren’t out on missions, busy with being Fury’s lapdogs
“…You gotta let me think about it, Peggy.  I know Maria and I have been together for only months, but we’re getting married, and this is something we need to think about together.”
about you.”
“He loves you too, you know,” she tells him.  “He’ll come around, he just needs time.”
“Actually I do, Legolas.  And I think you know him.  Or well, your stupid Maximus
“Do you really believe all of that?”
Since when could he
, of course, it shouldn’t be her mess to clean up.  But because she was Pepper, she did it anyway.  She deserved a raise.  Fuck, she deserved all of Tony’s money, really.
was the Hero of Legend, I thought you were joking.  I don’t know what happened, what’s going on, or why that sword decided to do this to my body, but I really do think you have the wrong person.”
-----
“You think the good
, but god, he was too tired to care.
It was selfish of him to think that he wished he’d managed to do it, so he wouldn’t have to deal with….
“Burning stuff,” Bruce grimaced, shaking his head.
With strangled, sputtering movements, he dug through one of his chest of drawers, mostly full of unfinished projects, hoping for something, anything, hoping for--
A pause.  “I should mention, I’m not sorry I went digging.”
And it was normal.  It was how they normally acted, really.  If, of course, Tony could ignore the hesitation in each of them, even Thor, as if Tony was going to snap in two at a crude joke.
Tony blinked, mouth hanging open slightly as Steve came into view, lips working over the lyrics as his long fingers worked over the guitar and oh, oh Jesus.
And Tony was content.  It was normal, it was his day job.  And he did his job well.
And he was snickering, he was fucking
“He’s a little tied up at the minute.”
“Tony, what the hell are you doing?”
“Tony….Tony!  What happened, what’s wrong?  Can you get up?”
“The day yes I know, it’s fucking hilarious, but if you’re all set with the boy…”
“Steve, w-what?  What the fuck?  What are you doing?”
Tony blinked, and blinked again.  Fucking Stone.  He was nearly as bad as Hammer, but at least Stone didn’t look like a run over turkey burger.  No, Stone was a fine, fine man.  One the outside, of course.  On the inside he was just as snide as Tony, with an ego to match.
“He makes her happy.  He deserves her.”
She knows, of course, that he was barely home anyway, and if he was, he was constantly buried in his work, in his company.  Maria was better, she knew, taking Tony to Central Park for picnics, taking him out to the movies when she could.  Jarvis was there the most, however, and she wondered if Jarvis just would’ve taken the kid in himself, if she asked.
“Bucky.  Bucky!  You’re going to fail English if you don’t get up!  Bucky, you’re a freshman and you’re going to fail English, get
“More like a prototype, but yeah, sure.  Whatever.  You want it?”
“Tony, please--”
It was barely two hours later when Clint sent his apology.  Literally.
It almost came to blows once, Steve still stuck in his delusions and frustrated out of his mind.  Tony, of course, wouldn’t admit his love because there was
The light when out in his chest.  And he fell.
“It’s not okay now,” she told him.  “But it will be, one day.  You have to work for it,
And, God, Tony couldn’t take it anymore, couldn’t take his stupid fucked up denial.  He couldn’t worry about how he was going to fuck it up, fuck up their relationship because he was Tony fucking Stark and that’s what he
“JARVIS,” Steve stated simply.  Oh.  Yeah.
“Oh, whoops.  Sorry, Cappy, I was just-”
She doesn’t know how she’s supposed to start this, how to bring this up, so she just comes out with it.  “Tony, twenty-two years ago, your father and I had a one night stand.”
Woodland to Park Street was a bit of a journey, and Tony was glad.  That’s what he’d came here for.  To bring him back, back to before.
Fuck.  No, he couldn’t do this, not now not ever not-
Steve had no idea what that was, but he didn’t stop to ask.  “Prince Anthony--”
But god, just one swing, even without the armor just one swing, and he’d-
“....”
, it was so twisted with horror and just kill him now, really, because no one should make Captain America look like a child who’d just witnessed their puppy being run over, least of all Tony Stark.
Oh.  Oh Lord.  He was singing, he was singing right to Tony and everyone was staring at him and oh Jesus Christ it was not cute nor adorable nor romantic because Tony Stark was
He swallows.  With shaky hands, his fingers unclasp the latches, and he pulls the cover back.
Tony, Tony is an
on her, and I just–”
Surprisingly (or perhaps not surprising at all) it was Bruce who spoke first.  “To be fair, Tony, you did, uh--”
Before he had time to register guilt, Tony was in the elevator, headed back down to his workshop to finish burning all the useless shit.
Tony looked down, his voice low and soft.  “Don’t tell me you didn’t know this was going to happen, Steve.  You knew, you always knew, you just didn’t want to believe it.”
Maybe she would, maybe not.  Maybe it wasn’t the same.  Steve should talk to her at least, but…
“So,” Steve started, gliding across the room to sit himself in one of the lush chairs, off to the side of the bed.  “Are you going to tell me what happened last night, or are you going to spew your usual bullshit?”
in love because really?  Really?  They’re friends.
With wide eyes, he looked up towards the prince, who seemed so unfazed.  Perhaps he hadn’t seen Steve before….this?
of you, Howard, I don’t know what the fuck you did, but–”
It was
A rage curdled inside Steve, one that left a foul taste in his mouth, but he couldn’t help it, he just couldn’t.  Tony was still babbling on, when Steve blurted out “Why do you have so many pictures of Peggy?”
“Hey, don’t blame me, I’ve been on Aunt May’s bad side too many times, and we both know how unpleasant
It’s been months since that night in the workshop so long ago, and Tony knows it’s not over, of course he does.  This isn’t an end because his life isn’t at an end, not yet.  The pills he takes aren’t magic and therapy isn’t a cure all.  He tries to take it slow, tries to realize this isn’t something he can rush through.
,” Clint had said, flailing his hands for an overly dramatic effect.  “That honestly gag is
He didn’t appreciate it enough, not nearly enough.
When he got off to switch lines at Park Street, he made his way up to the actual city to grab a coffee (an iced in the middle of winter, in that Bostonian spirit of course) and a donut.
“Government to give it some bells and whistles and then, and then let the thing be given to HammerTech which is just a joke, really, and then the thing tried to destroy me but I mean it all worked out on the end and I did okay, I really did, y’know, I mean I thought I did but apparently not because Fury didn’t even want me on the team then!  I fucking saved the fucking world and that wasn’t good enough for Fury because I’m a damn narcissist and I
But outside of that, outside of his own, personal hang ups, he knows that instead of him being persecuted, it would just be him being controlled.  Either operate against the law and do what needs to be done, or be on the side of the government, and have the decision making ripped from him.
“I know you will.”
“Tony?  Please, tell me, I want to help.”
But that way is a one way ticket, and Tony’s at the point where when he’s in the right frame of mind, he knows that it’s not worth it, was never worth it.
But after a day, once most of the anger had disapparated from his mind, declouding his thoughts, he went to go seek Tony out
“Tony, what the hell?”
“Of course, Sir.  But I have to ask, are you feeling okay?”
as he blew past her.  He managed to catch Tony before the man made it to the Helicarrier bay where he had left his suit.
T’Challa only continues to stare at him, making Steve’s skin itch.  He has no idea what the other man is thinking.  He opened his home to Steve, along with the rest of the Avengers who had nowhere to go, until this whole issue...Incident..is sorted out.  If it ever will be.
“And then I jumped out the window and walked to a cathouse and paid some guy to fuck me and well, after that you know what happened because you were there!  And I’m sure you didn’t think anything of it because here’s Tony Stark, once again to come fuck up the lives of those he cares about because, like, you know how I used to be the
-----
Ah, so this was the famous Tony Stark.  That, well...that explained a lot, actually.
Steve pointed bluntly at the picture frames.  “On your desk.  I mean, were you really that close?  I just thought–”
(See the end of the chapter for
Uh.  Okay.
And Tony just kept on building.
“Wait, who’s your friend?” Clint asked, suddenly enthralled, eyes wide as he turned to Steve, as if the man had the latest gossip about which lucky girl the star quarterback had his eyes on now.  “You got yourself a girl, Cap?”
of all people, but it was just one of those nights, and there were very few things to do on one of those nights.
He could use Pepper here right now.  Pepper would know what to do.  Pepper would know why Steve was being so nice, so unnecessarily and incredibly
There was a stiff pause, but Tony refused to look back over towards the doctor.  “Some patients require different tactics.  I feel like you need a dose of reality.”
So after a week, Steve found himself awake early in the morning slouched over the kitchen table, staring unseeingly into his cup of tea.  He didn’t even look up when Natasha sat herself next to him.
Tony nodded, as if he wasn’t expecting anything different.  And really, it shouldn’t have, because why the hell would Steve have his pants?  “Ah, well, when your roommate comes back, you mind asking him?  If you do so happen to have them, just give them to Rhodey, okay?”
“He’s going to be your child too,” Peggy says, softer this time.  “And I know it’s not ideal, but I really do feel it would be better than him growing up in a broken home.”
With something resembling a warrior's cry, Thor rushed out of the pantry, with Clint screaming in the distance.  Natasha merely rolled her eyes, grabbing a couple granola bars and exited the closet as swiftly as she appeared.
Like game night, which was said (by Coulson) to be a necessary bonding tactic, and when Monopoly was brought over (by Coulson) the first thing Tony said was “Shit, I haven’t played this in years.  It was Peggy’s favorite, right next to Jenga.”
This time, it was Clint who sighed.  “Yeah, sure, Tony.  Why were you out in the first place?”
Clint blinked.  Tony’s grin grew.
It’s seconds, minutes, hours later when Steve comes back to himself, is able to breathe, breathe without an ache in his chest, without fire in his lungs.  Natasha is still there, staring at the...at the arm,
“If you’re offering, Sir…”
He was able to help out the village, of course, just in different ways than Bucky did.  Herding sheep, however, was something he could do, and could do well.  He was an avid horse rider, and prided himself on his ability to work with animals.  Bucky was good at it too, of course, but this was one of the few things that Steve had him beat.
Where had once been thin, scrawny limbs were now thick, strong arms and legs, complete with rippling muscle that couldn’t even compare to the likes of Bucky.  He could feel it, too, how much broader he was.  How much taller he was.
“Uh, what?”
Wincing slightly, he opened up the wallet, and as he’d expected he found Tony Stark staring back at him atop a Massachusetts driver’s license.
A flash.
Frowning, Steve looked down at himself and--
Tony gulped.  He knew this was going to happen, really.  He was in too deep and that, that itself was never supposed to happen.
He also remembers this feeling, this feeling of wanting to give it all, just to go back.  To go back to his own time, back to Peggy, back to his old life.
-----
Through the haze of pain that was his mind, he thought he heard a mad cackle, too close, too too close.  But Steve was powerless, he couldn’t do anything but to lay there and accept his--
And Tony, Tony didn’t want to deal with this right now. Steve was still looking at him like he was some adorable puppy and Tony, Tony didn’t need that shit.  Not now, not ever.  But especially not now.
“Yup.”
Hours later, late into the evening (as far as Tony could tell), Steve had appeared in his workshop.  Or, well, had requested access anyway.
Tony didn’t meet his eyes, instead choosing to stare at the small, round cactus Pepper had gotten him a few years ago.
“Traitor,” Tony muttered, slumping in defeat.
“And drugs!” Clint added, with a giddy grin.  “Definitely drugs too.”
Three or so years ago, it wasn’t something Tony thought he’d miss.  Then again, he didn’t think he’d miss any of Boston.  Not really, anyway.
Steve didn’t say anything, and was still quiet until Tony had finished making his coffee.  Cringing inwardly, he turned toward the other man.
“You thought?”  Tony’s tone was growing increasingly bitter.  Steve swallowed, knowing he should backtrack but his irrational anger won him over.
But Tony has to know, he has to.  Even if the poor boy…her son…has to sit through his mother’s funeral once more.
that.  He could still see the man, could still see Bucky trying to break free from his iron grip, could hear him
“Tony, are you--?”
But he was also able to listen when it counted, able to give commands when needed, able to come through for the team when the team needed him most.
It’s so so so utterly
that a man twice his weight and a head taller than him, was gripping fiercely at his arm, trying to convince him that he
Without warning, Steve grasped Tony’s wrist, pulled him out of the bar and down a block, into some scummy alleyway and Tony was so shocked, so shocked he couldn’t process anything because Steve’s lips were on his and his hands on his hips and oh god, oh god.
As the blade was yanked from the rock, Steve’s knees buckled, falling to the ground with a harsh scream.  His body felt as if it was encased in fire, his limbs shrieking in agony, muscles seizing, sputtering, spazzing.  His mind was screaming, screaming, screaming, screaming that he needed to find the man, find Bucky, save him,
And how had he gotten so good at the guitar?
Tony laughed, and Steve shook his head, following the genius out of the lab.
Steve thought that it had to be some stupid joke, that no one would dish out that much money for some ratty jeans - until he read the name scratched out at the bottom of the sheet.
Sure, he considered Tony his friend, despite their bickering, but this was a different kind of ache.  This was Steve watching a movie with the rest of the Avengers and expecting a snarky quip from Tony over the now dated special effects, or inaccurate science, but when the room remained silent aside from the movie itself, Steve found that it hurt.
If the legends
Mind still pondering how someone, no less a genius, could lose their pants at some party, Steve unlocked his dorm room, walking in at exactly 10:07 AM.
He nodded slightly.  “Good, that’s...good, that’s really good.”
One big, huge, semi destroyed tower all to himself.  And Pepper.  Until Pepper left.  For Malibu, of course.  On business.  Yeah, definitely.  The bachelor life was what he craved, of course.  Random fuckings, leaving his underwear strewn across his living room, alternating between pizza and chinese food every night.  It was great, really.  It was how it’d always been, after he’d left for MIT.  Well, in MIT he had Rhodey, but that didn’t count, not really.
Fuck.
“Not quite, Captain.  Mr Stark requires your assistance in his lab, immediately."
“What does it matter?” Tony snapped, now glaring at the other man.  Garner looked as calm as ever, fingers entwined with one another, resting on the desk.  Tony scoffed, sinking lower into his chair.  “If he doesn’t answer then I’ll deal with it.”
“Don’t apologize,” she stated, before Tony had even opened his mouth to do just that.  “JARVIS told me.”
That would throw him off.  Hah.
Steve looks down, too much of a coward to meet her fiery gaze.  Because she’s right, he knows she’s right.  She’s right because they were all wrong, in their own way.  They both could’ve acted differently, and he think that Tony understands that, too.
“Ty,” he deadpanned.
About an eighth of it was probably why he’d let Steve take the bottle from him, drag him out from under his desk, and sit him down in an actual chair.  Huh.
Tony shrugged awkwardly, his curled up position and fucked up shoulders making it hard to do so.  “I think you know the answer to that, Cap.”
“So?”
He knows, he knows that they’re both at fault, that they’re all at fault in some way, but in that moment, with his aching heart pounding against the hole in his chest, all Steve can think is
And it’s not like he cared anymore, at this point.  Too tired, too worn down, too fucking over it to care about anyone seeing him wander into a brothel.
It was Howard’s fault, anyway.  Of course it was, who else’s fault would it’ve been?
“Not that often we get such a handsome man like you wandering into here,” he murmured, taking in the sight of Tony (who was extremely glad for his dark clothing and undershirt, masking the glow of the arc reactor).  “Such a pleasure….won’t you join me?”
He almost physically reeled, blinking.  “What?”
need to go retrieve it.”
T’Challa is donating some of his own medical tech to the hospital.  He wasn’t on Steve’s side of the...Incident, so his contribution, and presence, is welcome.  It comes with gratitude and grace, Steve is sure.
As the tears well up in her eyes, Peggy told herself that it would be alright, that Tony would be alright, that her son would be alright.
“Captain.”
One particular night it was Clint’s turn to pick.  He picked Big Hero 6.
“Sore spot?  Touchy feely subject?”
“Just put it on the screen, J, I know the drill!”
Tony shifted in his seat, fiddling with the pens atop his desk.  “You’d be surprised.”
“So uh, Nick?” Tony asked somewhat sheepishly, offering Steve his best grin.
When they reached a small clearing, however, the man dismounted from his horse, a struggling Bucky still grappled firmly against his shoulder, and with sheer strength and agility Steve had never seen the likes of, began bouncing from one rock to another, nearly gliding up the walls of the clearing and onto the ledge, running further into the forest.
Five hours later, Tony found himself awaken in his walk in pantry, a pounding aching head somehow shoved into a torn up bag of rice.  Rice, that was dampened with the contents of his now empty bottle of whiskey.
arm, a look on her face that Steve can’t quite decipher.
“Don’t say things like that,” he states firmly, eyes narrowed, and Peggy can’t help but smile.
, Clint, really?”
He hits send, and he breathes.
, to be shocked by her sudden presence behind him.
As he slowly climbs into consciousness, he feels Steve’s strong arm slung over him, snug against his torso.  He can feel the other man’s breathing, the rise and fall of his chest, and it’s soothing, oh so soothing to Tony.  It’s the perfect way to wake up, really.
“Tony, it’s fine.  I’m sure the rest of the Avengers remembered, because I’m sure they check their emails and put reminders in their phones, just...just show up, okay Tony?”
“I’m serious, Tony.”
Alright, on an Avengers standpoint he probably should’ve told someone, but JARVIS knew, and if they’d asked him, he would’ve told them.
“Tony, seriously--”
The agent sighed, pinching the bridge of her nose.  “I don’t doubt you, but when I say he’s busy, he’s busy.”
Yeah.  Right.
again, it’s been like, seven times now.” Clint whined from his spot on the floor, blanket curled around his body, which was curled around an oversized bowl of popcorn.
“Don’t take me shit, Barton,” Tony growled, but it did nothing to quell the ever grown smirk on Clint’s face.  Tony furrowed his brow.  “What-?”
Three days later Tony was released, with a prescription for an antidepressant and visits with Dr Garner already booked into his calendar by Pepper.  All the Avengers were there, Pepper Rhodey and Coulson included, but it was Steve who helped him out of bed and down the hall (despite his constant insisting that he didn’t need help, but, fuck, it was an excuse to lean against Steve and he was still too tired to care, or worry about the implications of what this whole thing meant).
“How’s your wrist, Tony?”
“Classic,” Tony muttered, and the doctor leaned forward onto the desk, raising a brow.
But this, this was different.  The others had told him that they’d seen Tony in the common floor, whether for food or coffee, or leaving for a meeting.  It was just Steve that he was very carefully and purposely avoiding.
Steve reels.  He knows exactly who T’Challa is talking about, but the mention of it shocks him.  “What?”
“Just waiting for you and your cheap ass to leave, Stone.”
He’s clutching at Natasha now, sobbing dry sobs into her chest, because what else can he do?  What can he do, knowing that Tony is getting on fine without him, while Steve can’t fucking breathe because his lungs were so crushed by the guilt in the hole in his chest?
“Tell me, did he ever ask to video chat you?  For your cell number?”
He knows he can’t ask Wanda because that would just be...not right, he feels.  He could ask Sam, sure, maybe, but he knows that Sam is still just as peeved at Tony as Clint is.
Growing up in the depression, Steve had never taken anything for granted, and he wasn’t going to do so with Stark’s hospitality.  Tony himself would say that it was all Fury (and partly Coulson) that made them all band together for a giant superhero slumber party, but he also knew that Tony was his own person, and SHIELD needed him more than Tony (or any of the Avengers) needed SHIELD, and that he could’ve kicked them out any time he wanted to.  But he didn’t.
-----
And maybe,
Maybe this is what he needed.  Maybe.
be Tony Stark sometimes.  Chat with random people, reply to random people on random things without everyone freaking out about Tony Stark.
“Of course.”
But then again, maybe he didn’t.
“It doesn't matter,” Sam started, “the DA doesn’t give a shit, he’s like, Stark’s best friend.”
Natasha cocks her head, raising a perfectly sculpted brow.  “And why would you want to know that?”
Sputtering slightly, he pushed himself against Steve’s torso, unraveling himself from the man, as much as he was reluctant to do so.  He could feel Steve’s blue, blue eyes on him but he couldn’t look, not at all, it was too.
At the end though, Steve merely turned away, muttering another ominous well see.
“You know you can call him.”
“I’m not done yet,” she cut him off, but her tone was not unkind.  “That’s what they told me, but I know it’s not true, and you do too.  But it did hold some value.  What makes us the weakest, is dependence.”
Fucking hell.  Sticking a hand under the mask, he could feel blood still dripping from his nose.  Knees still weak, he began to limp away from the man, now realizing that he was in the hallway that lead down into the arena.  Slowly, he began to stagger up the stairs, into the bar and out the door, grunting at the pain that shocked through his body.  He could’ve sworm he could’ve heard a
“He watched his parents die, Steve.  He watched his parents die, and knew that you knew, and didn't’ tell him.  You need to give him time.”
to Tony.  He needed to figure out why his words hurt Tony so deeply, why he was so attached to Peggy.  It was the only way to
It was amazing, really.  Tony Stark could fly, time he felt the most free, the most unbound, was when he was an eager college freshman.
Tony blinked.  “You’re sorry?”
-----
“Tony, why do you keep doing this?  You, of all people, should’ve known to scan the damned thing, it was mechanical after all.”
“I haven’t opened it, and I won’t stay, if you want to be alone.”  Natasha’s soft voice would’ve startled him, if he had been more inside his own head.  But he’s just too overloaded with..with
“Of course you are, sweet pea, I mean why
And he was still here.  He was still here, and-
Shaking his head, Tony strode towards the elevator, only to be greeted by Steve when the door slid open.
“...Are you sure?  He doesn’t seem--”
Despite how tired he was, and how much he did not want to ruin whatever moment they were having, Tony still had to ask.
to weird.
Twitter no less.
Later that day, when Steve has grasped onto some form of coherence, Natasha turns to him before she steps into the elevator that’ll take her back to the quinjet.
This time, it was Steve who answered, his voice as stiff as his limbs.  “Giant robot spiders.  Who can shoot electricity, I might add, that were able to short circuit your suit, and if you’d be cautious enough to scan the things you would've realized that before you went charging in.
Steve’s apology, however, wouldn’t be so quick and painless.  Obviously.
But Steve didn’t look angry, or not as angry as Tony had inferred.
Steve isn’t used to this.  Ever since he stepped into that metal coffin and came out a foot taller and a hundred pounds heavier, he’s been in the eye of the media, one way or another.  And it was fine, is fine, to an extent.  But this?  Having to hide, having to operate in complete secrecy, knowing that the government is breathing down his back?  He wishes things were different.
“Yeah,” Steve said, looking like he was fighting to contain a hysteric bout of laughter.  And hell, maybe he was.  The situation was so corny and ridiculous and stupid and maybe.
An arm.  Tony built Bucky an arm.
“Thought you were a goner, Stark,” Clint said, his usual shit eating smirk lit across his face, but relief was genuine in his eyes.
Just as Bucky flopped back onto his bed, the door to their shared dorm burst open, two of their smiling friends waltzing in.
dirty little secret, Rogers.”
They’d been living together for months at that point, and movie night just sort of became a thing.  It’d started with Tony, who didn’t sleep, followed by Steve, who didn’t
“I don’t care, I’m not going.  Besides, I don’t want my scholarship revoked because I get caught drinking.”
Maybe Tony had always pictured Steve’s blue, blue eyes when they talked, which honestly made Nick’s look dull in washed out.  Maybe.
“Fix what?  Nothing’s wrong, why would anything be wrong?”
Fuck fuck
Jarvis rolled the movie, and if Tony just happened smiling at his phone throughout the whole thing, no one said anything.
There was nothing.  And then, there was light, bright, white light shining down into the narrow slits of his eyes.  They weighed far too much, for eyelids, and it was a struggle to pry them open.  When he did, however, followed by a weak, scratchy cough, a face framed by curly, red hair stared down into him.
it, so tired of the press constantly following his every move, constantly eating up his personal life.  And most of all, he was tired of the mess that it made for the Avengers, for Pepper.  For Steve, who was still giving him a look sharp as broken glass and just as deadly, piercing Tony right in his cold, metal heart.
For once in his life, Tony was early, as he realized when his driver dropped him off in front of the diner.  Only quarter till seven.
Steve was virtually screaming now, his voice high pitched and strangled, face twisted with sloppy tears, Thor physically holding him back from reaching out and shaking Tony apart.
But if she had moved on, and had a child, why would she have it redacted from her file?
Oh fuck.
She rolled her eyes, but her face softened.  “Everyone on the train survived.”
That, Tony thought, wasn’t like waterboarding.  That was real torture.
He was the reason Tony had more friends than Rhodey and Pepper.
The arch reactor flickered in his chest, and pain shot through him, seizing him by the ends of his nerves and dragging him down into a world of agony.
The smile that crawled across Tony’s face was achingly brittle and sharp to a point and oh god did it
across his ear.  He didn’t realize his bones were rattling in Steve’s arms, threatening to come loose at the seams.  He didn’t realize, he didn’t
Throwing his bag across the room, Steve began to shake Bucky, in a somewhat desperate attempt to wake his friend
He didn’t know why it affected him so much.  He just assumes that maybe because the kid was a fucking genius like Tony and people just didn’t get him and he was angry and--
So yeah, he blamed Howard, because he was too much of a coward to come to terms with the fact that the only person he blamed for his shortcomings, for his failures, for his misfortunes, was himself.
The man gave him a small smile.  “I’m Dr. Andrew Garner.  I’m here on Coulson’s behalf.  He requested that I come talk to you.”
Steve sighed, rolling his eyes, and then proceeded to lift Tony off the fucking couch, throwing him over his shoulder.
“Can we pretend that, uh, never happened?  ‘Cause I mean I could probably invent that memory erasing shit from Men In Black but it’d probably take awhile and I just-”
“Do you wanna talk about it?”
And really, that’s the difference, isn’t it?
At that, Steve began to shake, hands cupped to his face and Tony, Tony could only watch as every single one of his own ribs cracked open at the display, making him ache, ache everywhere…
Please.
It had been so nice then.  Why, as the years went on, had he been so eager to finish?  So eager to take over the family business?
man, whatsoever.  And Steve knew that.
, it wasn’t
When he came back, Steve was still there, singing and strumming and oh Lord, oh Lord he couldn’t take this.
And really, that's rich, coming from Miss Tall Dark and Secretive.  Rich that she thought Tony would’ve said anything at all, rich that she had the fucking balls to ask him that, after being his fake assistant when he was dying of palladium poisoning.
It was later that day, and Tony most definitely not losing to Clint at Mario Kart, when Steve returned.  With the guitar.
And with that, he bolted out of the lab, and into his elevator.
“C’mon Steve!  It’s gonna be fucking awesome, Tony
“Well see about that.”
Tony gave them a home.  Gave Steve a home.  And Steve threw it right back in his face.
Steve blinks, pulling himself from his thoughts.  T’Challa hasn’t moved, eyes still boring into him.
He sighed.  In theory, it wasn’t a huge deal; it’s not like he needed to find something to wear, or needed to clear his schedule or whatever.  It’s just.
“From Loki?   Who else would it have been?” The man stood up, still grinning as he began to pace around Steve’s spot on the ground.  “I have to say, you had me worried there, for a minute.  A boy of your size, supposedly the Hero of Time?  The Hero of Legend?  I’m glad that sword did what it did, or else I’d be afraid that you wouldn’t be able to swing a sword properly.”
, really Clint?), and found a new face which had been tagged in one of Clint’s terrible posts.
So when Clint showed him his fake Twitter account, in which he posed as an Avengers fangirl and got into “nerd fights,” as Clint called them, with other people (who were also probably using fake accounts, Steve figured), he could see why being a completely different person online could be really amusing.
Really, he didn’t, not at all.  He’d been doing this since he was old enough to toddle.  It was second nature, it was engraved into his muscle memory, and he was definitely not cracking, no definitely not.  His walls were higher than skyscrapers and twice as thick.  He did not need help, because he was Tony Stark.
Or, well, perhaps it was fitting that it was Tony.  Because really, who else would it be?
There was only one picture of the guy uploaded, but holy hell was he something.  Light brown hair strewn messy across his forehead, lips pulled into a sly smirk.  And his eyes; crisp, azure eyes that were almost as rich and deep as-
It’s not that Steve didn’t
, and you know it, too.  Fury can suck it, Coulson has a stick so far shoved up his ass it’s crawling out his nose so, yeah, nothing I can do about that, he’d be mad if I spilled my fucking cocktail on my tie, so.  Uh, yeah.  I got, like, science and stuff to take care of, so I’ll just….”
Too good to be true, of course, for only mere moments after he’d woken up, a very distressed and visibly annoyed Captain waltzed into the room with nary a knock nor greeting.
So he ran off, and Steve let him be.
if he ever felt pain, ever felt trauma.  That simply wasn’t allowed.
After having been thawed out for only a few months now, it came as a bit of a surprise to the Avengers that he’d managed to grasp the concept of most modern tech rather quickly.  Tony had asked him about this once, at which Steve replied:
He’s happy for Tony, of course, but there’s another part of him, a darker, untouched part of him, that wonders it Tony lies awake at night, staring at that damn phone, praying that it will both ring and not ring at the same time.  Does Tony miss Steve like Steve misses him, like a fucking ache in his goddamn chest, a hole full of regret, of guilt, of something maybe like a future, of something that they were maybe balancing on the edge of?
-----
.  So, yeah.  Sorry, Cap.”
Okay, well that was really impressive, Steve had to admit  But, still.  He had plans.  “I’m still not staying.  I already told Ma I was coming back.  I got a bus ticket and everything.”
