But Steve was cold now, so he tugged Tony closer and pressed his chilled nose to the back of his neck. Tony mumbled something intelligible, but he burrowed closer instead of pulling away. For the eighth morning in a row, Steve tried to talk himself into getting up and going for a run, and for the eighth morning in a row, he easily talked himself out of it. It was already almost 6:30 which meant Anthony would be up soon, and going for a run would leave Tony to handle the morning on his own. He also had no idea which box he’d packed his running shoes in, and rummaging around in the spare room would wake both Tony and Anthony.
"Take a picture, it'll last longer," came Steve's huffy voice, muted by the approximately seventy jackets Tony knew were hanging in there.
“I hate you,” Steve growled out. Tony had staunchly refused to tell him what he wanted, if help didn’t come.
“Yeah, that’s it. Oh god.” Steve started thrusting like he’d wanted to take his time but he couldn’t hold back, and
Then Tony shifted forward, without a word, braced one hand on the pillow next to Steve’s head and kissed him soundly. Steve burrowed the hand that had reached for Tony’s hair deep into it, holding the back of his head to keep him from pulling away too far. Everything hurt, but he couldn’t find it in him to give a single fuck; the only thing worth feeling was the soft brush of Tony’s tongue against his.
Tony watched him strip off the uniform and leave it in a haphazard pile on the floor before disappearing into the bathroom. The shower clicked on. Tony wiped off his chest wth his discarded boxers then shifted out of the wet spot and snuggled down into the sheets, too tired to take the hoodie off and too tired to pull his boxers back on. He knew he must look ridiculous, but he didn’t care.
But he hadn’t been the one to find Cap, Batman had. The new Batman. His hadn’t been the first hand Steve had shaken in the future, Batman’s had. Even with Bruce Wayne dead and gone, Cap was still in love with Batman and Tony would never be anything, never be noticed by him.
Tony wasn’t that different from being there with Tony, plus everyone else. Clint sat in Bucky’s lap and whispered thing in his ear that made him laugh then punch Clint on the arm, but Tony didn’t sit in Steve’s lap. He pulled his chair close when they sat, and only rested a hand on Steve’s forearm now and then, but for Steve, that was almost as much as a lapful of Tony. He was so close, smelled so good, and his fingers kept petting over the petals of the flower in his lapel.
Another bot knocked Steve’s arm aside, and he punched into its core but it got its free arm up and wrapped its claw around his neck and squeezed. Steve squirmed in its hold, trying to catch some of the metal with the edge of the shield but the angle was wrong. Black spots danced at the edge of his vision.
“Steve. Yes, really. Please go on a date with me. Come over for dinner tomorrow night and we can get to know each other and you can explain that one mural you did by the Brooklyn Bridge, because I don’t get it.”
As far as first dates went, it was one of the better ones Tony had ever had. Right up until “Oh my god, it’s Tabitha Fortis” had wafted through the door, bringing with her a cloud of paint and fixative fumes, and Steve’s eyes had lit up like a puppy being given a brand new soft toy.
That could be nice, better than if he was cruel or abusive, but Tony had always dreamed of having a husband who loved him, a partner. He knew lots of couples who loved each other, even if his parents didn’t always seem like the prime example. Tony was ready to love him, whoever he was.
Steve reached out again, wanting to feel the smooth glass of the arc reactor housing, but a voice behind him made him startle back, heart pounding.
“I was hoping I could get your help with something. I got your name from my publisher, Steve Rogers. He’s friends with Natasha.”
Tony sniffed and turned his suddenly prickling eyes towards the window. He took another drink of water to wash down the lump in his throat. “I may have already told some people that we broke up,” he said haughtily. “I decided that since you wouldn’t let me break up with you, I’d just do it on my own.”
He made to move away from the table, but Steve reached out and grabbed his arm. "Don’t go.” His voice was so small, so broken, that Tony stilled. “I’m sorry. I’m trying really hard. I want you to be the one who remembers. I know I’m an asshole but… that’s never really stopped you from liking me before, has it?” The hesitant smile he twisted up towards Tony broke his heart.
As he relaxed into the armour, Steve tried more active steering, tilting his body and twisting his arms to rise higher, sink lower, then shoot off at twice the speed. He did an aileron roll, then another when that made his stomach swoop pleasantly. He gave out a little whoop of joy, and Tony chuckled. “Looks like you’ve got the hang of it.”
With a frustrated shout, Steve dropped the plate and pushed out of the elevator as it was closing, slamming through the door to the stairs and taking them three at a time. He shot out on the seventy-second floor and skidded across the gym to the locker room. He swore when he saw the trail of clothing leading across the floor. Tony would never leave his things lying there like that.
“Okay.” A shudder rippled down Steve’s spine. He knew he should say no, but Tony was eager and warm and here. And it’d been so long. “Yes,” he breathed. “Please.”
After an hour, he could hear Bucky starting to get ready for work, and he wished he'd thought to put on a record to block it out. He waited for Bucky to leave so he could go out and find something to eat, but instead of the front door opening and closing, there was a knock on Steve's bedroom door.
“You didn’t ask. I offered.” Steve shifted a tiny bit closer. “I like Mark well enough, but I’d rather have you. In any way I can. He and I can still be friends without you having to see him. He won’t mind. I definitely needed the - uh - contact more than he did. And maybe I can -” Steve’s hand flinched out towards Tony uncertainly, and Tony snatched it before it could disappear again, winding their fingers together.
His side was to Steve, but there was no question that it was Tony who sat on the bench, fingers flying over the keys. Tony’s chin was down and his eyes were closed, as he rocked slowly back and forth to the rhythm, his feet working the pedals. The notes spilled out of the instrument and filled the vast space, layering over each other.
Tony spun again, eyes on his jewel-encrusted cape as it spread out behind him. “I - wow.” He stopped spinning in front of Steve, eyes going wide. “Thank you, Steve. Honest. I’m - wow. I can’t believe I’m really going to the ball. Stane won’t find out?”
Steve choked as a tight band squeezed around his ribs. Two hundred years. He’d lost everything again.
“It’s not your fault, Steve. You have the right to date, or booty call, anyone you want. And I don’t really dislike him. He just… he makes me seethingly jealous.”
Steve started to speak, but Tony’s lips closed around the head of his cock and he sucked lightly, swirling his tongue over the slit. All words evaporated from Steve’s brain. He fixed his eyes on the road and tried to remember to breathe. How on earth was this his life right now?
Steve went to the library every Tuesday afternoon, filled a bag until it was bursting, and then read during nearly every spare moment he had, and Tony
“Yeah? Anything you like, Mr. Stark.” Steve deflated with relief. Tony didn’t seem mad about it, amused if anything, so there was a chance Steve would get out of this with his job and his regulars list intact.
the nice, funny, sweet, caring, generous guy I thought you were, plus you’re Captain America, who saves the world on the regular. What more could a guy want in a boyfriend?”
Refusing to miss him this time, Steve took off after the sound. Tony disappeared around the corner, and Steve crept after him, watching as he slipped out the front door and onto the porch. Steve looked out through the window and watched Tony settle on the porch swing, one foot tucked up, the bare toes from the other foot stretching down to rock him slowly back and forth.
Steve took both of his shoulders in his hands. “You didn’t try to kill me, the purple man tried to kill me. You saved me.”
Steve shook his head. He crossed the gym to stand in front of Tony. “Tony. Why are you avoiding me?”
"So…" Tony stared at their joined hands. What had seemed impossible five hours ago suddenly seemed like the only way forward. "We still on for Greek? I mean, I need another shower. And about forty hours of sleep. And maybe some Gatorade, but I'd still like to. Go out that is." Tony held his breath and Steve's hand with equal desperation.
Tony's eyes raked up and down Steve with visible hunger. "It would be my distinct pleasure to strip you out of all that spandex, sweetheart."
“I can - uh -” Tony gestured towards him, and Steve held out his wrists. He’d left his cuffs unbuttoned in anticipation of Tony’s gift. Tony focused on pinning the two halves of the sleeve together, sucking his tongue back in when he realized it had popped out from between his teeth. When he was finished, he looked back up and Steve was gazing at him. His eyes were blue. Incredibly blue.
Tony smiles coquettishly and cocks a hip, because he’s never been one to pass up an opportunity to get himself into trouble, as evidenced by the fact that he’s here in the first place. “Why?” he drawls. “Too distracting? Like what you see?”
The man handed over the wallet, and Tony took it. He opened it on instinct, and the billfold parted, stuffed with cash. "There's like over a thousand dollars cash in here and you're giving it back? You know you could wrack up like ten k of Switches on the black AmEx and I probably wouldn't even notice, right?"
Steve’s hands ran up Tony’s legs, the soft skin of his finger pads contrasting with the rough, well-worn leather over his palms. He swallowed, pushing Tony deeper down his throat, and Tony’s eyes rolled back in his head. Steve cradled Tony’s balls with one hand, setting a rhythm now as he bobbed his head up and down. His fingers brushed the crease of Tony’s ass, and Tony all but levitated off the bed. “Yes, yes, yes, please, now please, touch me,” Tony whined, squirming in Steve’s hold.
“This tip says it does flowers.” Steve held it up. “I feel like these are all flowers. At least, they all look floral.”
Thank you to tumblr user aanioru who wanted to see sick Anthony. We had this one planned before prompts as well, so hopefully, it's still what you were looking for. This one's for you! <3
There was a long, tense silence, and Steve's brow furrowed. He was ready to snap angrily at the probable scam caller, but then the barest of breaths sucked in over the line, and Steve crumpled instead.
Tony hadn’t stood a chance, really. Now they were gushing over acrylics and gouache, and Tony was the wobbly, squeaky third wheel, who tried to break into a polite, interested smile whenever Steve shot a look his way. But those looks were getting fewer and farther between, and, really, at thirty-six minutes, it was time to admit your date was now on a date with someone else and bow out gracefully, right?
Steve nodded, but the movement was short and sharp, barely more than a twitch of his head. Tony’s soulmark ached.
There were butts that inspired even the least creative in the world to suddenly spout sonnets, and this butt was one of them. It was full but firm, perfectly curvy, not too in your face, but obviously formed with great care, time, and a lot of squats.
It pushed in another inch and Tony keened. It was beyond overwhelming, the most intense pleasure he'd ever felt, and it never relented, seeking more and more, until every nerve in Tony's body was on fire. It was delicious, staggering, breath-stealing, overwhelming pleasure the likes of which Tony had never felt before. He felt taken and violated and adored at the same time, broken down into his component parts, each one plucked like a guitar string until it was humming. The tentacle had every inch of him. His fingers flexed - well all but a few; Steve had those.
Far too close to the ground, firm metal arms wrapped around him and jerked him back up into the air. “Jesus,” Tony snapped out. “A little warning next time?”
Tony started slow, sucking as he slipped back then running his tongue firmly along Steve’s length as he slipped down again. Every time his nose hit Steve’s zipper he swallowed, muscles contracting around the head of Steve’s cock.
Illness, Cancer, Discussions of Cancer Treatment, Happy Ending, Love, Care, Caring Steve, Protective!Steve, Hurt!Tony.
"Thor and Hulk have everything under control." They both looked over to where Thor had the sorcerer in a headlock. "I'm going to take you back home."
Steve held up a finger, and Nat fell silent. Had he just heard someone outside their room? There had been a little shuffle and a huff of breath. His mind immediately turned to Tony, imagined him out there, wanting to talk to Steve. Steve waited for a knock, but none came. He lowered his hand again. “Sorry, thought I heard something.”
Tony appeared a moment later, clicking off the bathroom light as he sauntered in, still naked. He peeled up the covers then chuckled. “You didn’t have to get dressed, babe. It’s just us.”
Tony shot him a unamused look. “You cuddle on the couch and makeout in the hallway at six in the morning. You’re telling me he’s just your bff?”
Tell me to leave before I meet them. But, I’m here for whatever you -” Steve’s lips twisted around the end of the word, as if they were caught between “want” and “need,” and Tony knew it because he was caught there too. He didn’t want Steve, but he needed him.
“No chatter on the comms, sweetpea!” Steve said brightly, ducking low to roll under Tony’s arm and slam his shield into another alien.
Getting caught out should have made Tony more reluctant to go back the next night, but he couldn’t help himself. The lure of Hot Window Guy was too strong. Tony hung back in the shadows by the bus stop to watch, and this time Hot Window Guy didn’t notice him. Tony watched him change the display to watercolours and sighed to himself when Hot Window Guy stepped down out of the window and disappeared. He had it so bad.
"I don't want to ruin our friendship," Bucky gasped out, and Tony rounded on him, anger flashing in his eyes.
“Nuh,” Steve said, squeezing his eyes all the way closed and making his way to the kitchen either by muscle memory or by some sort of secret serum sense Tony wasn’t aware of.
Steve nodded, then stepped forward again. He cupped Tony’s face with his hands and pressed a soft kiss to his forehead. “That’s true, but that’s not why I want you. I want you because you’re mine, the other half of me. I want you because I’ve been waiting for you for a long time. I want you for the you I’m so excited to get to know. I want you.”
At first, Tony had insisted that he was nothing more than a hookup, pushing away every opportunity at more that the couple presented. With constant pressure, and many dates with just one of the two of them, Tony had finally softened, finally agreed to call them his boyfriends. Steve wanted nothing more than the two of them, in his arms, all the time. His life finally felt steady, balanced.
But he didn’t need to. On the next thrust deep with his slick, wet tongue, Steve pushed Tony over the edge. He cried out as white-hot pleasure rocketed through him, starting low in his gut and shooting like fireworks up his spine. His cock throbbed and pulsed, spraying wave after wave of come across Steve’s chest and down to the waistband of his pants.
Steve’s hands gripped his sides and twisted, guiding Tony around until he was facing Steve. The pull on his arms forced him to lean back a little, abs tensing to counteract it. Steve poked the inside of each of Tony’s knees until they were spread wide. He had the calm, contemplative look on his face that meant he was planning something that would make Tony scream, cry, come, curse, or all of the above. Steve smiled softly, eyes fixed on Tony’s bare chest. All of the above, then.
“Oh my god,” the man whimpered, tipping forward to take his son’s hand in his. “Shit, Peter.” He sunk down into the chair next to the bed and pressed his forehead down against the boy’s side.
“It’s all yours,” Steve agreed, shedding his pants and underwear. Steve crawled back up over Tony drawing a path up kisses up his chest. Tony was warm and solid in his arms, and he couldn’t help pausing at Tony’s left hand, rested on his stomach, and kissing the place where a golden band now sat. The rest of Tony’s clothes disappeared in a heartbeat.
At the bottom of the stairs, the ceiling dropped low but then it opened up again into a huge room Steve had never seen before, despite living here for years. The room was all white, with large, padded squares covering all the walls except for a huge bank of floor-to-ceiling windows on one side. Most of the available floor space was taken up by a massive collection of instruments.
A noise on stage snapped Steve's attention away from people watching, and he waited eagerly while Bucky's band took the stage. Sam was on keys, Bucky on sax, and Natasha sung. Steve had heard them play, of course, but never at The Dollhouse, and rarely when they could really let go instead of keeping it down so as not to wake the neighbour's baby from her midday nap, and Steve was excited to see them show off as they were meant to.
Steve and Bucky shared a look. “Is it… is it that important to you that we keep this a secret?” Steve asked.
There was nothing but Steve and the cocoon of tentacles they were nestled in now. Tony didn't have to move to seek more pleasure - their captors controlled everything. It was so easy to sink into their hold and the solid warmth of Steve around, inside of him.
For my bday prompt party - for bardingbeedle who asked for: "please write stevetony having cute quirky sleeping habits if you wanna and have the time"
“You always have me to cuddle with,” Steve said, wrapping his arm around Tony’s shoulders and tugging him further up onto his chest, “and they’re still always ice cubes.”
Steve sighed. “You don’t have to pretend, Tony. I know things are going to be weird now. I think it’s pretty obvious how I - uh - how I…”
Tony hadn’t seen a single second of the movie. They were watching War Games, but Tony had checked out before Matthew Broderick had even changed his grade. Because that was around the time that Steve’s
But when the door opened, Tony saw the roof was completely transformed. There were two long troughs filled with flowering plants along either side of a row of small, white dog-house shaped, wooden boxes. There was a bench in the corner, and a new cabinet that Tony didn’t recognize. He’d been gone for six weeks, but it was starting to feel like six years.
And tonight. He’d shown up with a bottle of wine and a flyer for a new pizza place, planning to joke about cooking for Steve. They were going to watch The Princess Bride - Steve had never seen it. But instead…
Outside, Bucky gestured wildly back towards the compound and Tony stopped, turning around. He spread his arms wide, a classic “Tony defending his point” stance, and Steve chuckled. He had no idea what they were doing outside, but it looked like they were heading somewhere. Either that, or they’d gotten into one of their ridiculously overheated, tension-filled arguments and had gone out into the snow to literally cool off.
to get out of my parents house.” He winced again. “Shit, that doesn’t sound any better. I want to get married, Steve, honest. It’s scary, agreeing to something when you don’t know the other person, when your parents have arranged it all. Because I really
“This ‘team’ thing is really important to you, isn’t it?” Tony abandoned the coffee with despair and pushed to his feet.
Tony groaned and rolled in bed. His shirt clung to his back with sweat. Steve hated every minute of this. If he could take it from Tony, he would. But the chemo drugs were a necessity to fix the tumour in his head, and his lowered immune system meant he caught other things more easily. Like this flu that had brought with it a terrifying fever. Once Tony recovered from this, Steve was never letting anyone in the house again.
conversation had accidentally revealed that they both had feelings for him too - reciprocated feelings. But it was still hard for Tony to think of himself as anything but added on. Sure, three days wasn’t a long time at all, but it was hard to believe they really wanted him as equally as they wanted each other.
“It’s horrific,” Steve whispered, wondering if it was too late to go to the store. Surely a grocery store cake would still be better than this monstrosity.
Set during Arc One of In Trouble Deep - Steve takes Baby Tony to the park and they make a new friend.
Tony’s fingers stilled, paused, cutting off the music, and Steve instantly mourned its loss. Tony looked up for the first time then pointedly shifted to the side, making room on the bench for Steve to join him. Steve sat, perching on the edge to give Tony enough space to play.
"Yeah, bud. That's a dah, just for you. Cause you were so brave, even though it hurt." Tony opened the box and pulled out one of the band-aids. Even the small ones were huge compared to Ant's palm, but there was no way it was going to last there for long anyway. But it'd make Ant feel better, and keep the cut clean for the rest of the day, at least. Tony peeled off the wrapper, while Ant watched, tears forgotten, though his cheeks were still red and streaky.
“That’s it!” the bad man cried. “I’m done!” He couldn’t remember ever being so angry before. He wanted Tony Stark, but Tony just wouldn’t notice him. He had one last thing left to try: if Tony were in mortal peril, and the bad man saved him, surely he’d have to notice him. He’d have to give him a chance.
“Get off him!” Steve yells, and his footsteps echo in the small space as he flings himself with reckless abandon down the alley.
“Confirmed?” Steve shifted in his chair. What was Greg talking about? Was someone talking about them behind their backs?
“No Rhodey, you don’t understand. I’ve checked the whole apartment.” Tony moved the phone to his other ear, clamping it into place with his shoulder. He bent down and peeked under the fridge. “She’s not here. She’s gone. Oh god, I must have let her out when I came in. She must have just snuck right past me and now she’s loose in the city and she’s going to be eaten by a raccoon.”
Steve gasped as Tony’s throat muscles contracted around his cock again. He was hard once more, cutting off Tony’s air supply and hating how his gagging and choking only made him harder. He’d lost track of time, lost track of how many orgasms either of them had had. His body didn’t feel like his anyone, so wound up in tentacles that he’d lost the right to use any of his muscles. Endless darkness pressed in.
It crashed into Bucky’s chest, and everything broke into chaos. Both men dove for cover, frantically scrambling for handfuls of snow, gloves immediately turning white. Snowballs flew across the space, churning up the serene landscape Steve had been enjoying and he watched with a wide smile, unable to hold back the joy and relief of seeing two people he cared so much about finding their way with each other.  Because, well, this was them finding their way with each other, even if Tony was hollering visible profanities across the snow-covered lawn, and Bucky was stockpiling snowballs with an aggressive glint in his eye.
“Oh, yes. Right, right. I heard about that. You thawed him and he immediately did a runner. It’s fine. I’ll just… uh. Yeah.” But he didn’t have to explain, because she was already gone.
Tony snuggled closer. “I woke up and found Bucky on the floor and I wanted a cuddle, but I didn’t want to wake him up so I joined him down here.”
Tony’s hands clenched on Steve’s hips. Everything ached with longing, with despair, with loss. He wanted to be free of it, just for three days, he wanted to give in. “I want it to be how it used to be,” he said, and he hated how broken it sounded.
Steve heard his name and his attention locked in on the group of students one booth over who had been laughing and chatting for a long time, plowing their way through beer and appetizers.
“There’s no way to make me being here too look anything but suspicious,” Tony said. “Maybe if I’d brought a date of my own…”
“Um.” Tony ran his fingers over the soft plush of the blanket. “What’s happening? I thought you didn’t want to see me anymore.”
“You’re welcome. He’ll be alright. I’m heading out so I’m going to hand this off to Dr. Cho. She’s amazing. She’ll take good care of you.”
Tony grabbed Steve’s wrist and rolled onto his front, trying to pull Steve’s body over him. Steve chuckled, draping himself around his lover as tightly as he could, without smothering him completely. He lay in the soft, chilled silence and listened to Tony’s heartbeat. Tony’s hair tickled Steve’s cheek and he leaned back a little, pausing to press a kiss against Tony’s scalp.
They fell into exhausted silence for a moment, the truck humming along the quiet road. Steve snuck a few glances towards Tony, catching the soft smile that settled on the corners of his mouth. His tongue darted out and brushed along his lower lip, and Steve’s breath caught. There was something about this guy…
Steve snorted out a laugh. “Of course. I hated you. I thought you being my soulmate was a punishment for something I’d done.”
Tony shifted off his lap and onto the couch beside him. He sighed. "I've always wanted you like this."
He took a deep breath then went on. “I met Mark and at first, I thought it was just friendly. But he’s a touchy person. Very open with his affection, and it wasn’t long before I realized how badly I needed that. I know the team would have been there for me if I’d asked, but… it’s hard to ask for something like that. I was also sure that if you touched me at all, I wouldn’t be able to hide how I feel about you. Mark told me about his arrangement, and I kissed him. Things kind of progressed from there.
Captain America, in full uniform, was running down the stairs and charging across the floor to where Tony was. When he saw Tony, he
"Good." Tony rolled his eyes as he looked away. For an actor, Bucky was a terrible liar. Frustration welled up into anger, and for the first time, Tony snapped back. "You could have just told me you didn't want to come," he grumbled.
Tony turned back to face the swaying field in front of them. A tiny sliver of red light was breaching the horizon. “I love you,” he said.
Steve very carefully didn’t look at Tony, even though his entire body was yearning in that direction. He wasn’t sure if it would be more awkward or less if the two of them ended up paired together. He hadn’t talked to or seen Tony since their argument out by the woodpile. Tony had come back inside from fixing the tractor with a sad smile and Fury in tow, just in time for dinner, and he’d been nothing but stiffly polite towards Steve since then.
Tony nodded furiously. The rest of their bedroom had disappeared into a haze, and all that remained - in perfect, sharp focus - was Steve and what he wanted. Whatever he wanted.
- flashed him a brilliant grin which slowly faded when Steve did nothing but continue to stare at him. “Come on, that one was funny, no?”
Steve chuckled. He reached out and petted across Tony’s cheek with his thumb. “Tony, sweetheart, we’re going to miss the conference if this shiny new car of yours breaks down one more time. And as much as I love getting to spend more time with you, turning a five-hour road trip into a sixteen-hour road trip might be more than our marriage can handle.”
When Steve’s feet threatened to give out under him, Tony hooked an arm around his waist and started leading the way out of the base and to the quinjet. “I’ve got you.”
“No. Yes. I don’t know. Maybe a little. I would have gotten it for you, anyway. But also, yes. Please…”
Chapters 73-96, were written for the Steve Tony Games, and I was on Team Angst. Some of these have happy endings, some do not. They're mostly darker than what I normally write. I will put tags in the notes here on each one, but do be aware that angst was the primary motivation for these (and points :P) so they taste a little different from what I usually put up.
“Yes.” Steve’s voice, on the other hand, was rock steady. “I didn’t want you to go that night, so I lied.”
“It’s a mix, Stevie.” Bucky sighed and slapped the spatula against the bowl. “Isn’t it supposed to be easy? Look the eggs will get beaten as we mix it.”
Chapters 73-96, were written for the Steve Tony Games, and I was on Team Angst. Some of these have happy endings, some do not. They're mostly darker than what I normally write. I will put tags in the notes here on each one, but do be aware that angst was the primary motivation for these (and points :P) so they taste a little different from what I usually put up.
Steve shrugged. "I don't care. It's the principle of the matter. I want to do something nice for you. Is that okay?"
There's a concerning discrepancy between the two subjects in regards to their chemical output, processing of the aphrodisiac compound, and arousal levels. While they appear to be two healthy, standard representatives of their species, the results from these tests are suggesting otherwise.
He closed his hand around his cock, stroking once, slow and firm, his hand still slippery with the soap. If it were Steve there, it would feel different, his hands bigger, stronger, but also softer, the serum healing any roughness or calluses. Tony's hand moved faster now, water dripping in his mouth as it fell open. Steve would press him back against the shower stall, an endless wall of slick, wet skin and -
Steve opened his mouth to protest, but the idea was actually deeply appealing. Sliding down a little hill with Anthony in his orange snowsuit, tucked tight against Steve’s lap. The way his little face would light up, cheeks pink with cold, and he’d laugh and laugh. “Maybe…” Steve whispered.
“Well, except that the man’s son has been dead for fifteen years. The gardener swears the house has been haunted since the day he died, and he finally manifested and killed his father. There isn’t a single other suspect and I’ve been working my ass off for the past four days, but I haven’t been able to come up with a single thing. Steve said that Natasha said you had a knack for thinking outside the box and you might be able to give me another perspective. I’ll pay you.”
Steve held Tony close, arms latching behind his back, and kissed him stupid, the cool breeze whipping away the hot flush that burst on the back of Tony’s neck. “God, I missed you so much,” Steve whispered.
Tony sighed. “Look, I’m sorry I had to kiss your ex for the mission. If there was tongue, it was entirely professional.”
Steve’s smile shifted into a smirk, and he tried fluttering his eyelashes down at his fiancé. It worked - he got a smile back. “I’m glad you are, though.” He tipped forward off the ladder, and Tony’s arms wrapped around his waist and lifted him easily to the floor. Steve popped up on his tiptoes to kiss him. “I just really want to get this mural done or we’ll be unpacking around wet paint for ages. We can’t move the bed in until we have the headboard up and we can’t put the headboard up until -”
“What!” he cried, pounding his fist on the floor. “How?!” He was tired, angry, and so, so sad. He loved Tony, so how could this not be True Love’s Kiss? He sat there for a long time, watching Tony’s magical sleep remain undisturbed. Then he turned and, dragging his feet, left the bedroom.
Tony knew he could text him, or ask JARVIS, but Steve had said he’d be home when Tony got in, and there was only one other place he could be.
But Steve stopped short in the middle of the sidewalk, forcing the rush of people to part awkwardly around them. Then all he said was, “Oh.”
Tony shook his head. “Nothing happened. I just… I was there and it was amazing! All this gorgeous food, and beautiful clothes. And… and Prince Ty asked me to dance. And I just…”
Steve righted himself but didn’t shift away from Tony’s touch. “Nah. It’s amazing, but I think I’d better leave the flying to you.”
He didn’t know Steve that well, not yet. They’d been working together for a while, but Steve was hard to get close to. He was closed off and quiet - always polite, but Tony could see more and more the toll that playing everything close to his chest was taking on him. And he didn’t seem to have someone, like Tony’s Pepper and Rhodey, to vent to, to be himself with, to leach some comfort from.
Steve rerouted his plans, darting into the living room just long enough to grab the big, handknit afghan that hung over the couch then back to the bedroom. He shut the door behind him and tossed the heavy blanket over Tony before settling on the other side of the bed. Tony moaned and burrowed under it. Getting into bed without dislodging Anthony was a challenge, but he managed it, then he shifted until he was pressed against Tony’s side. He tucked the blanket in around them, drawing it up as high as he could without covering anyone’s face.
“Maybe,” Tony croaked, and his voice was too rough and ragged for whatever soft, gentle place they were in. “Maybe…”
And at the centre was the most beautiful grand piano Steve had ever seen. He didn’t know much about them, but it was clear this one was expensive, old, and incredibly well cared for.
When Tony finally rocked back a bare inch, a hysterical giggle leaked out of Steve’s throat. “Careful,” he rasped, “if anyone sees, they’ll think you like me.”
Steve nodded. Thankfully, gone were the days when Steve would just push him away and disappear. Now, he let Tony in. In some ways, it was worse, because there was one more step Tony wanted to take and he wasn't sure if he could. He could wait though. "That wasn't fun. But I'm okay. You?"
Tony’s not the kind of person Steve expected to fall in love with, back in time, when he was small and hopeful and waiting. In fact, Tony’s pretty much the opposite. But when Steve looks at the history of people he
But he couldn't afford a night in the far too swanky airport hotel after having spent every cent he'd saved on this plane ticket, and home was still a long way off, so he'd have to settle for a hard, plastic chair and a ten dollar cookie.
“And I do have one of those mesh hats, I just don’t need it. They don’t sting me much at all anymore and the serum means I hardly feel it.” Steve’s eyes lit up with a kind of glow Tony hadn’t seen in them before. “They make honey, Tony! Avengers honey! Nat’s going to help me get set up to sell it online for charity.”
“Just cuddling?” Tony asked, reaching down to sneak a handful of Steve’s perfect butt as he hung upside down.
Steve tried to turn to go, but he knew the vision of Tony in pieces was going to occupy his mind until he saw him whole again. “Tony… are you okay?”
“Maybe it won’t work out between him and… what’s-his-face,” Bruce offered, marking something down in his notebook.
Bucky typed on screen for a moment, shuffled a few papers, then picked up his phone. He pressed a few buttons. Watching, Bucky's heart sank as he realized what was about to happen. "Oh shit."
“It’s raining,” Natasha protested, but she let Tony draw her out on the patio. It was raining, but it was light and warm, the fresh, soft rain of spring.
“No!” Steve reached towards him then stilled himself when Tony flinched back. “Shit, I’m doing this all wrong. Mark’s not my boyfriend.”
“A groupie?” Tony offered. The last thing they needed was Clint’s kid brother wanting to hang around when they were there to make serious music.
Steve shrugged. "It's alright. One day off won't hurt. But I kinda think leaving you on your own might," he added softly.
Tony frowned then shucked off his suit jacket. He crossed the room, abandoning the sandwich he’d started assembling on the kitchen counter. “I can fix that.”
Steve reached out and ran his fingers over the back of the armour’s metal finger. He could feel the ridge from each articulated plate, flexible yet melded so seamlessly together. Iron Man looked down at him in the dark of Tony’s empty workshop, expressionless.
“Shit.” He fumbled for the phone, yanking it off the charger, and swiped it open, heart pounding. “Hello?”
Steve knew there was a chance it wouldn’t last forever, that he’d be caught in the crossfire if it did start to break down. But right now, his two best friends were happy, together, and that was all he needed.
They hung in complete silence for one slow breath then Steve reached out and grabbed a stool from the corner. He pulled it up to the other side of the desk, facing Tony, and settled on it. He laid his hands flat on the desktop next to the pieces, careful not the touch anything. Tony’s fingers twitched and shook, but Steve’s were rock steady. “What do you need me to do?” he asked, voice pitched low since Tony was so close.
A glob of mud flies off Tony’s arm as he gestures and marrs the once-pristine kitchen floor. The puppy whimpers.
Then he watches as the puzzle pieces click together. “Oh my god, it was you.” Steve slaps a hand over his mouth.
He tried shifting his arms and banking to the left, and the suit turned, more sharply than he intended. His breath caught.
Steve brushed his sweaty hair back from his forehead as the elevator started its climb towards his floor. He couldn’t convince anyone, least of all himself, that he had any other reason for choosing to go to the gym exactly when he did except to avoid Tony.
When the rushing in his ears subsided enough that he could hear again, he picked out Steve's gentle shushing, the scratch of his stubble soothingly grounding against Tony's cheek. The tentacle sounding his cock had drawn back to let him come again - and he had to have been an absolutely filthy mess at that point - but it slithered its way back in, and Tony shuddered. It must have been pushing into him for ages, but every thrust still felt like the first time.
Nat walked over and raised her palm above them. Tony adjusted his fingers and leaned in, close enough that Steve could smell his cologne. His head spun, and he cleared his throat, settling his hand in Tony’s.
When Tony didn't say anything, looking distinctly overwhelmed, Steve barrelled on. "I'm sure you have an absolutely massive legal team and everything, and I promise I really don't want to cause any problems for you, so if you just want me to leave, and leave you alone, I get it. Like I said, I just wanted you to know. It… it felt important. Or, you know, if you want to be involved, that's okay too."
Tony winced. He leaned back to look Steve in the eye. "What if he doesn't like you, though? Like permanently? What if it wasn't something you said, but who you are?"
He checked his watch as he powered along the stretch of storefronts, panting out breath hot enough to be a cloud of steam in the cool, winter air. Six-thirty on the dot. He shoved his hands in his pockets and slowed as he approached the puddle of yellow light that spilled out of Shield Art Supplies.
Steve guided his pickup to the side of the road, waving at the guy as he passed him before he came to a stop on the gravel shoulder. The bundle of coats trotted after him then tugged on the door handle, letting in a blast of icy air when he managed to get it open. Steve caught sight of bright brown eyes under the cuff of a knitted cap, but the rest of him was completely obscured by layers and knitwear.
Tony stepped into the kitchen to survey the destruction. The entire floor was white with flour. “I didn’t tell anyone else. J - all emergency protocols cancelled, yes?”
It was well after three in the morning when he realized he just had page after page of one stranger's eyes - and even then, none of them were exactly what he'd seen.
“Tony, don’t.” Steve grimaced, bare moonlight from a gap in the curtains catching his fangs. “Someday, you’re going to fade away. I won’t have my memories of you fade away too.”
"Was there something else I was supposed to do?" Bucky's voice had the careful edge of someone who knew he was at risk of setting off a firework, but as close as he was to being set off, Steve couldn't help but be that firework.
Tony bounced on his toes, his stiff leather shoes creaking from disuse. He tugged his cuffs down to his wrists for the seven hundredth time. He could hear the murmur of voices from the other room; his entire family was gathered in the hall - aunts, uncles, cousins, grandparents - and Tony felt the pressure of several generations resting heavily on his shoulders.
Steve didn’t stop, licking and sucking at Tony’s hole, until he was shaking and begging, his cock leaking one last drop of come as it throbbed in the air, untouched. Finally, Steve lifted, pushing Tony’s hips up, and slipped out from under him.
Steve clicked the monitor off so the noise wouldn’t wake Tony and bent over the railing to lift Anthony into his arms. He was warm and soft in his flannel sleeper, the red and gold pattern of the Iron Man armour crisscrossing his little tummy. He settled in Steve’s arms with a happy gurgle, and Steve rescued his binky from the bottom of the crib, sucked it clean in his own mouth, then popped it in Anthony’s. The light was still weird…
“Right, of course. Sorry. I know I shouldn’t have come and bothered you at work, but I didn’t know how else to get a minute alone with you.”
Tony sighed with his whole body. "I guess. Fine. I concede your point. I'd very much like to hang out with you and your friends. Thank you."
It was too easy and too painful to think about what this would be like if it were real, but Steve grit his jaw and forced himself to smile and laugh and joke with the gang like everything was normal.
Steve answered by curling an arm around Tony's waist and drawing him in close. Their lips met and it was warm and tender and intimate. Tony didn't push for more, didn't want it, just wanted to be close together. Steve moved to kiss Tony's cheek then wrapped himself around him tightly. "Stay."
Steve looked down at the box again. It sure looked easy. But they only had time to make this once, and if it didn’t work, Tony would come home to nothing. “I just really want everything to be perfect.”
He charged up out of the water and flew up the beach towards Steve and Bucky. Both their expressions morphed into twin concern. “Tony what’s wrong?” Steve asked. “What was that?”
Steve shifted in the hard, plastic chair, trying to find a way to sit that kept his suitcase close but didn't press his hip painfully into the metal arm dividing the seats. It was entirely unfair that they delayed flights by thirteen hours, didn't offer a hotel voucher, and then had nowhere comfortable to sit in the whole damn airport.
“Not a chance.” Tony snuggled down under the covers. “I’ve got you on the phone now, I’m not letting you go. All I want for my birthday is you telling me all about your super boring meetings.”
Chapters 73-96, were written for the Steve Tony Games, and I was on Team Angst. Some of these have happy endings, some do not. They're mostly darker than what I normally write. I will put tags in the notes here on each one, but do be aware that angst was the primary motivation for these (and points :P) so they taste a little different from what I usually put up.
Steve could swear he could hear Tony’s screech through the window, and he laughed as Tony surged up and flung himself at Bucky. Bucky caught Tony on impulse and they both went down sending up a spray of white powder as they landed in a tangle of limbs.
Tony fiddled with the buttons on Steve’s shirt. “Is Peter going to be okay with this? I mean, he lost his mom and now some stranger is showing up, changing everything and monopolizing his dad’s time, and what if he hates me, I -”
“I’m feeling young and reckless,” Tony said, eyes twinkling, “better get me home and out of harm’s way.”
Tony managed to sprawl across the bench seat in a way that should have looked uncomfortable but he somehow made look sultry instead. He pulled Steve’s cock free and wasted no time licking a stripe up the length of it.
“I probably just horribly broke the space time continuum or something,” Tony manages, holding back a squeak at the way Steve’s uniform is rubbing against his bare skin.
“Of course. It was just a fight, Tony. There are going to be fights. Two people as hot headed as we are… there are definitely going to be fights. But it doesn’t mean everything has to be over. We just need to take some time, breathe, then talk about it.” He reached up with his other hand and brushed his fingers through Tony’s hair. Tony leaned into the touch. “I can’t promise we’ll be together forever, maybe one of these days, it’ll be too much, we’ll go too far. But this was just a little disagreement, and I think we’re worth trying, if you do.”
“About as much as I ever have.” Tony’s eyebrow quirked up, a long with a smirk that was Steve’s only warning before he was rolling up to his feet and charging across the mats towards Steve. “Not at all.”
Steve’s eyes squeezed shut for a moment then fluttered open again. “I didn’t hate him… I resented him. Because he got to forget every day and I had to remember. Each day was the weight of another brick on my shoulders. But he got to restart, fresh, uncaring. I know it wasn’t your fault but I started to wonder… was I even worth remembering? Maybe if I mattered more, maybe if… maybe you’d remember. Of all the people who forgot… it was the longest before I stopped hoping
Maybe they were teasing their way around Tony’s cock, or even pushing inside him, exploring his insides. Was Tony on the edge of orgasm too? Part of Steve wanted it and part of him hated that it even crossed his mind. He tried to struggle again, to reach for his comm unit, or even reach for Tony - the smallest touch would be a comfort right now - but the tentacles might as well have been solid steel for all that Steve could move them.
Tony whimpered, needing to curl up against the overwhelming wave of sensation but unable to in Steve’s iron grip.
Steve rolled his eyes. "Don't teach him that, Tony. He'll end up twenty-four and thinking the police will come if he doesn't play the game. Wait - blanket fort?"
Tony tried the penthouse next, giving in and kicking his bags out into the foyer himself. Here, there were signs of Steve. Signs that his boyfriend of five months had crept up here in Tony’s absence, curling on the couch they’d watched movies on together and stealing Tony’s hoodies to wear to bed. It sent a hot flush of pleasure through Tony’s veins to find his apartment so lived in after so long, and it made him yearn for a closer future where they shared this space all the time. Surely, it was too soon to ask Steve to move in? But, it seemed, Steve had one foot in the door already, and Tony loved it.
"Not again," Steve groaned, as the effects of the serum melted away. It felt like the ground shot up towards him, when in fact, he was shooting down to meet it. Half his height and half his weight gone, he sighed down at his shoes.
“Two sugars,” Steve said, then he stilled, heart dropping down into his shoes. It took a moment for what he’d said to sink in, but he saw when it clicked and Tony looked up from his phone, brow twisted in confusion.
Tony shook his head. “No, I don’t. But don’t think it’s anything wrong with him,” he hastened to add. “I’m sure he’s a great guy. I mean, if he earned your affection, he has to be. But I can’t be around you two together right now.” He tipped his chin up and met Steve’s eyes. “I’d just managed to work up the courage to tell you how I feel about you when you started dating him. I don’t handle jealousy well, Steve, and I really, really don’t want to ruin our friendship because I can’t fake it around him. I think it’s best if I back off a bit until I have some time to process this. Some time to get over you. It’s not your fault or his. I just -”
“He’s a jerk. But I love him.” Tony watched the puppy come back out of the water and shake violently, the tennis ball clamped in his mouth. He ran back to Tony and dropped it at his feet. “Good boy, Hurricane. Here you go!” He threw it again.
“Okay? Are you kidding? This is -” The back of Tony’s eyes prickled, and he let out a tense breath. “This is really all I’ve ever wanted. Family. If you’re willing to let me share yours.”
Steve made noises of pain and discomfort while Tony rocked desperately back on the tentacle stretching his hole wide. Every tiny touch was alighting fireworks under Tony's skin, and he sucked hard on the tentacle in his mouth, twisting and shifting so the tentacles would pet him more firmly. Whatever they'd given him kept him on the edge of need constantly, every orgasm only giving him a few moments relief before he was begging again.
Finally, frustrated and exhausted, the bad man got one more hit in, knocking Captain America to his knees, then fled. He burst out of the tower and flew all the way home. It wasn’t fair! The Avengers were keeping him and Tony apart. But Tony had to love him back; they just didn’t understand.
Steve realized he was still holding Tony’s wrist. He didn’t let go. “I’ve always liked you, Tony. You’re the one who doesn’t like me.”
Bucky thought back to his last class. It was an online class for a distance learning program, every Tuesday and Thursday at four. It had been the same as every Tuesday, as far as he could remember. "Nothing happened."
Chapters 73-96, were written for the Steve Tony Games, and I was on Team Angst. Some of these have happy endings, some do not. They're mostly darker than what I normally write. I will put tags in the notes here on each one, but do be aware that angst was the primary motivation for these (and points :P) so they taste a little different from what I usually put up.
Nose rolls over, clutching his face and wailing, and Tony pushes to his feet and grapples with Giant Forehead. Steve is fast in his grip, grunting and whacking at anything his short arms can reach. He’s holding Forehead off, Tony has to give him that, but he’s not making much headway, and sheer righteous fury is only getting him so far.
That’s the last of your stuff at my place. If you still have anything of mine, you can throw it out.
Steve tipped his chin down to nuzzle against Anthony's cheek, his face hidden in Steve's shirt. "You okay, bud?"
And he did. He knew it the second he looked up and locked eyes with the man he was destined to be with. He just didn’t expect it to happen in the emergency room of Mercy General at two in the morning on a Wednesday.
Steve picked him up, then tossed all his toys back in the bucket and hooked that over his finger. He started back to the apartment. “You liked the dog, huh?”
Clint scoffed. “Come on, Stark, are you high? There’s no way you can beat Steve. He’s chemically enhanced.”
Steve leans in and cups Tony’s cheek with his hand, startling a gasp out of him. Tony’s eyes go wide, and he swallows heavily. Steve strokes his thumb across Tony’s cheek, smearing mud everywhere, and then he kisses him.
Tony thought, and then there was the distinct feeling of gravity twisting in a way it absolutely should not. Tony struggled to breath and then -
Tony reached towards his dark shape and wiggled his fingers, knowing Steve’s super-powered eyes could pick him out. Steve crossed the room in two strides and folded over Tony, arms working their way under his back so he could hold them close together. “You’re wearing my clothes,” he growled softly.
"She's going left!" Clint shouted, diving to the side, but the puppy darted right and slipped under his arm, taking another circle around the workshop. The staff she had clutched in her teeth fired again and Tony's autoclave turned into a very startled looking frog. "Shit!"
The security guard looked doubtful, but he backed off when Tony raised an eyebrow at him, and Tony took Steve's elbow and steered him towards the elevator. When the doors slid shut, Steve's anxiety spiked again. He'd made it to Tony, but now he was faced with actually confessing. Would Tony be mad? Accuse him of lying to get money? Try to make him get rid of it? What if he blamed Steve for the accident? Accused him of baby-baiting him? Steve's stomach flopped with the rising of the elevator.
"And is that ever a game we're not playing now!" Tony said, bouncing Anthony on his hip. "Do you know the game we
“I still have a scar from when Marty Anderson got mad that I was winning and threw the box at me.” He pushed his hair back and Nat bent over him to inspect the spot above his temple. She poked it with one delicate finger.
Steve appeared, framed through the doorway, and after him came his stupid boyfriend with his stupid hair. Tony frowned and shoved another spoonful in his mouth.
Steve ran across the room and fell to his knees beside him. He found Tony’s breath his pulse, and both were normal, but he wouldn’t wake. Steve yelled, he shook him gently. He tried everything, but Tony wouldn’t wake.
Tony went off like a shot, twitching and groaning as he came in his pants. Steve flicked his eyes between the road and Tony, watching the damp patch on his pants spread. When Tony stopped moving and started whining quietly with each hitching intake of breath, Steve let his hair go.
“I get it,” Steve growled, crossing his bony arms over his thin chest. “You still love me, but you’re not attracted to me like this. It’s fine Tony. I wouldn’t be either. You don’t have to make excuses. I’ll stay away until the magic wears off.”
He bent down and overdramatically kissed the air above Ant's hand. "Muah! Kiss for the boo-boo. And because it's an extra scary one, we get a dah band-aid too." He took the side wrappers off the band-aid and stuck one side then the other to either side of Ant's hand so it covered the cut. "There you go, kid."
Steve spun in his seat, clutching his phone to his chest purely on instinct, nearly tumbling to the ground when his foot caught in the strap of his backpack. "What?!" He opened his mouth again to go off about creeping up behind people and reading over their shoulder when something clicked together in his mind. The sunglasses weren't there, but the beard was, and the smile, and - "Um."
The bad man tried to explain - he was merely here to collect the love of his life - but the Avengers wouldn’t listen and he had to fight back. The bad man pushed them away over and over getting more and more upset when they refused to back off and let him have what was rightfully his.
They moaned together as Steve rocked back until the head of his cock caught on Tony’s rim then pushed forward again. It was on that edge of too much, making Tony feel stretched wide and fucked deep. The stiff leather of the armour rubbed against Tony’s thighs and ass and the contrast between that and the slick, easy slide of Steve’s cock was head spinning.
But pressure between his legs drew Steve's attention away from Tony and to the tentacles that had stripped him mostly bare. They writhed and surged and pressed all over him, testing every inch. A tentacle plunged into his mouth, rearing back when he bit down hard on it. It seemed almost surprised, but it didn't press between his lips again. He could do nothing about the other tendrils though. They wound around his arms and legs, finding every patch of sensitive skin, every place that longed to be touched, and
Tony looked up and found Steve watching him with deep, painful longing in his eyes. He schooled it away, locked it up somewhere private, when Tony snapped their gazes together, but he wasn’t fast enough to hide it completely. “Alpha,” Tony whispered, and Steve broke. He stumbled forward and caught Tony in his arms, clutching him to his chest and burrowing into his neck, breathing him in.
It was also clear that neither man was aware that the new feelings they were harbouring were reciprocated, but they needed to figure that out for themselves. Steve tucked his legs up on the chair, twisting around to press the side of his face to the leather wing, eyes fixed on his two best friends.
Tony said “affff” solemnly, then rattled his trowel around inside his bucket while Steve continued to dig halfheartedly in the damp sand. Tony’s trowel lifted, then froze, and Tony made a noise not entirely dissimilar from the one last week’s mugger had made when he’d turned around and found himself face-to-face with Captain America.
“- like tissue paper out there,” came drifting out of the room, and Tony hesitated. Nat and Steve were talking about the battle. Talking about it in the calm, careful way Tony couldn’t seem to manage. It made sense. They’d always been close.
"I don't know… I guess I have shit to say… I don't fucking know. I don't know why I didn't hang up when you answered."
“Always. No matter what. I’ll always bring it back for you. Cause it tastes better when I bring it home.”
I got a bit cheeky with the prompt and did no power at the tower! :D This is a fic that's been half finished since 2017!! So thank you to the games for the kick in the butt to finish it!
Tony stared at him in silence for a long time then his eyebrow quirked up. “Ah.” Tony blinked then opened his mouth to speak again, a question visibly forming on his lips.
The music built and built, stretching and reaching towards an obvious crescendo, Tony’s hands moving faster and faster as each thread of music converged into a rapid, glowing climax -
“Solid point. But it has all kinds of safety measures now. I can pilot it remotely, and it can fly itself, too. I’ve seen you eyeing it up. If you want to try it, you really can. It’s perfectly safe.”
“I don’t want to fight you,” Tony said again, stronger this time. His frustration made the armour ripple all around him, fading out and reappearing in a wave across his body.
Steve hummed with pleasure and closed his lips around the head, sucking lightly before swallowing him down. Any blood that had been dilly-dallying about in other places of Tony’s body immediately got with the program and charged south until Tony was so hard he could give gold-titanium alloy a run for its money.
and he couldn't move and no one was coming to rescue him. He tried to scream again, but one last tentacle covered over his face, obscuring his vision and he was completely encased.
“Only if you call me Steve.” He shot her the smile that had all the USO girls swooning - or so he’d been told - and her blush deepened.
“Okay.” Steve hung in the doorway, heart pounding. This suddenly seemed like both the best and worst idea imaginable. There was nothing he wanted more than to spend a night with Tony, dancing, holding hands, but even with the excuse that he was trying to make it seem convincing, Steve was pretty sure he wouldn’t be able to make it through the night without giving his feelings away. “Okay,” he said again, stupidly. Then he turned on his heel and left.
“And stand right here.” Tony shuffled him into place. He eyed him up and down. “Yeah, you’re about the right height.” Tony took three steps back and snapped on a pair of lab goggles. “Okay, try not to breathe it in.”
who made him look like that. He shifted his knees apart wider and arched his back, resisting the urge to thrust up into Steve’s hand.
But instead of slapping him, the man started laughing. He reached out and took Tony's wallet back. He flicked it open and slid one of Tony's business cards out of one of the slots. "My name is Bucky." He produced a pen from somewhere. "The sexy Dorito over there is Steve." He scribbled a phone number down on the card and slid it back in Tony's wallet, then handed it back. "And tryouts are whenever you want."
For my bday prompts for arukou who said "Steve gets very, very stressed out by SHIELD bullshit and Tony decides that he's going to do something to ease that stress. Take that however you'd like."
“Look at you.” Steve’s voice was like velvet, like dark chocolate or the smoothest scotch. Tony wanted to drown in it. “You’re so beautiful. And you’re being so good, so still. I can’t believe how good you are for me. I know you want to beg right now, you’re so hard and you want to come so badly, but you’re waiting because I asked you to, and I can’t tell you how happy that makes me.”
Steve stood behind him, in parade rest, impossibly wide shoulders held back and high. He nodded. “I think it’s important for all of us to have first-hand experience of each other’s strengths. And weaknesses.”
Steve continued to look suspicious so Tony slipped out of the bedroom. "Thanks, darling. Good luck with trying to crawl into the closet. I mean, you've shacked up with a man and have a child together so I don't think -"
Tony pressed his hands against the glass, barely resisting the urge to follow with his forehead. The new bond inside him burned with need, a need to be acknowledged, to be completed. But it couldn’t be.
“God, this is really nice, Tony. Thank you.” He’d never slept with someone like this, safe and easy and loving.
"I know. I -" Steve swore and flinched as the needle bit his skin. Anger burned to life again in Tony's stomach and he struggled for a bit before the overwhelming arousal doused it out. "It's okay, Tony. We'll get through this together. I'm here with you, okay?"
Steve wiggled out of the fort and flicked all the lights off so if the power came back on it wouldn't wake Anthony. He crawled back in, winding his fingers with Tony's. "We'll just let him sleep long enough that he's fully down then we can move him."
He rolled over and felt the cool waft of air that meant he’d come out from under the blankets. It wasn’t hard to believe, Steve slept in an unkempt mess of fabrics, all wrinkly and unpredictable. Tony sat up to try and sort out something to cover himself with, but there was nothing. Every single blanket and sheet from the bed was completely wrapped around Steve like a burrito, a tuft of his blond hair sticking out from the top, and he was snoring softly.
"No. No you're not. I've - there's something for me too. Has been for a while," Tony admitted. "I -" He leaned in closer. "Can I kiss you?" he whispered.
Semen: spermatozoa, amino acids, citrate, enzymes, flavins, fructose, phosphorylcholine, prostaglandins, proteins, vitamin C, acid phosphatase, citric acid, fibrinolysin, zinc, galactose, mucus.
But Steve only had eyes for Tony. Tony, who was smiling at him like the world had suddenly righted itself, which, Steve supposed, it had. Steve broke into a smile of his own, and Tony’s widened.
“They caught you kissing on camera, almost certainly.” Tony rubbed his towel through his hair while shooting off a few more texts.
Steve had expected The Dollhouse to be dirtier, darker, and creepier, but it wasn't really any of those things. Plush red curtains hung around the edges of the large, circular main room. A wooden railing divided an upper level with a sunken dance floor below which was currently crowded with tables. A band was playing, presumably the end of their set since Bucky and his crew were due on soon, and a woman in sequins tap danced on the stage to the tune.
He stepped back to tuck his tablet under his pillow so the notification light wouldn’t bother Cooper then turned back towards the door. But as he stepped out into the hall, movement had him shying back into the darkness of his room again.
Cooper let out another grunting wheeze, and Tony rolled out of bed. Talking to Steve was still better than lying here and listening to that.
The rest of the team was excited to have Tony back from his trip and they’d made all kinds of food and decorations to welcome him home, but for Steve, having the tower Tony-free had been a blessing. It was just too hard to be around him after…
“We have a call,” Tony said. “Suspicious looking ship. Dead in the water. Too close to the border for comfort. We’re to inspect and then haul in if it’s abandoned.”
Steve bent down and brushed the snow off Tony’s neck. He drew him up further into his lap, shuffling around until Tony’s limp body rested against his chest. Steve pressed his face into Tony’s neck. He could barely smell the hint of a thready, weak pulse thudding weakly under his skin. This was his last chance to back out.
“Steve, look,” Tony started, leaning over the back of the couch. “I -” He cut-off when his eyes fell on Natasha, hidden on the floor in front of the couch. She sat at Steve’s feet, working bright blue polish over his toenails. “Uh. Hi, Nat.”
“You’ve done such a good job,” Steve whispered, somehow flat under him and whispering in his ear at the same time. “You’re so good, Tony. It’s okay for you to rest.”
"I like him well enough, but there’s no feelings there, for either of us. He’s a friend and he helps me feel less…”
Tony looked up from his book at the shuffle of lazy footsteps coming down the hall. He smiled when Captain America appeared, in all his Yummy Sushi pajama glory, eyes still half-shut and a pout staying firmly fixed to his face.
And yet, Tony had forgotten, or been so deeply sucked into his work that it would be dangerous or impossible for him to leave it. Steve didn't begrudge him that - Tony's work was important - but he
Bucky stepped inside. The main floor was a small, round space with a kitchen and a dining table. There were papers and notebooks everywhere. Tony immediately made for the stairs and Bucky followed him. One floor up was something entirely different. A huge table in the middle of the room was covered with cardboard models, filled with tiny cardboard people and sets. Posters lined the walls, all famous magicians, and a shelf of binders, each with a year printed on it, stood by a small desk that was also covered in model sets, as well as dolls, some missing limbs or heads.
The aftermath of today's battle wasn't pretty. Everyone had been stripped bare, torn down, shown their worst fears and their most crippling weaknesses. Tony had been forced to confront his reliance on technology to feel safe. And this was a fight that would haunt his dreams for a while. But he wasn't the one he was most concerned about.
“You didn’t order me at all,” Bucky replied. “You’re Tony Stark, right? I’m an investigative reporter. Bucky Barnes.”
MrF has claimed collab credit for writing this, which was mostly reading over my shoulder and telling me he could do it better :P
Tony stayed silent for the rest of the meeting. He was offering all he could. And Steve’s hand stayed locked in his the entire time, held onto him almost desperately, a lifeline. It wasn’t much, but Tony watched with deep relief as the rust on Steve’s gears softened and slipped away - not entirely, but a little bit. It was better than nothing; it was all Tony had to give.
“I’m sorry,” Steve squeaked. “I just - I notice things. You - you - have your black briefcase today, so you order black coffee two sugars. If you’re wearing your glasses, you get a mocha. If you’re in jeans instead of a suit you get one cream one sugar. If you’re on the phone and frowning, you get an espresso, usually two, actually. On the first of the month you get a box of muffins - one has to be carrot - and on the fifteenth you get two cream cheese danishes. That’s - I’m sorry. I just… I have a good memory and I can’t, you know… turn it off.”
Tags: Genderswap - Toni/Steph, Ultimates, Explicit, BDSM, Dom Toni, Sub Steph, Unsolicited Graphic Texts (ie a hint of dubcon), Hopeful/Ambiguous Ending
Tony, for his part, is completely covered in mud. He’s wearing the undersuit with a pair of sweatpants over top, that are also covered in mud. He has what seems like half an oak tree in his hair - which is sticking up completely wildly - and he’s clutching a dirty puppy to him like if he lets her go, she’ll cease to exist.
Steve hummed and fell silent. They made their way out the back door and across the football field towards Tony’s house. It had become habit, somehow, to go to Tony’s after school on Fridays. Tony’s parents were never home, and Bucky and Peggy both had activities on Fridays. So it was just the two of them. What had started out as convenience had ended up being the most treasured night of the week for Steve.
Pepper would hug him. Pepper would just take Steve by the shoulder and tug him in and hug him. But Tony couldn’t do that in the middle of a meeting, and he wasn’t sure Steve was going to make it til the end. He also wasn’t sure he’d make it through that unpunched, considering how wound up Steve was right now.
Steve falls in love with Tony right away, but he’s sure Tony doesn’t return his feelings. When things between them sour further, Steve takes reckless to a new level.
The tile around the drain cracked and more tentacles appeared, followed by the coiled mass at the centre of the creature - because that's what it clearly was, a creature. It pinned Tony easily to the wall, winding itself around his arms and legs, binding him. He stared up at it in growing horror as more and more of it wrapped across his shoulders, around his waist and between his legs.
Steve’s tongue circled Tony’s rim lightly, almost more of a tickle, and he breathed out hot hair on Tony’s sensitive skin. It was torture, caught between the unforgiving length of fabric and chain and the unrelenting grip of Steve’s hands on his legs. There was nowhere to move, but he needed more, needed everything.
Tony shrugged and sat on his stool, swinging back and forth a bit. “I couldn’t just leave you there to be triaged. We’re overloaded as it is.”
Tony’s eyes flicked around the room again, the tension a heavy weight in the air. He sighed heavily, but no one seemed to notice. Steve’s legs had tensed up again - whether to fling himself across the table and punch Rumlow or to turn tail and flee for Mexico, Tony wasn’t sure.
Steve traced a finger along the edge of Tony’s jaw, reactivating the burn of last night’s bite. “Memorizing you.”
And there was his love, Tony, sitting on the couch of the workshop in the dim light of evening. But he wasn’t pining over his lost chances, instead he was sitting next to Steve Rogers! Argh!
The guy looked happier today, and he grinned as he stepped into Steve's arms and let himself be held for a moment. "Thanks." He shifted his bags. "You give really good hugs, you know. You should think about going pro."
“Oh, fuck yeah, you feel incredible,” Tony whined, preening with a self-satisfied smile when that made Steve’s breath shudder out. He rolled his hips, begging for more, and Steve pressed in another inch.
Steve didn’t trust the monitor yet. He kept expecting to wake up and find it had died in the night and Anthony had been screaming alone in his room for hours. Or wasn’t there at all. But when they’d moved, Tony had designed and built a special one, and Steve trusted it more than any they’d had before. But it was still hard. He was getting there, though.
Chapters 73-96, were written for the Steve Tony Games, and I was on Team Angst. Some of these have happy endings, some do not. They're mostly darker than what I normally write. I will put tags in the notes here on each one, but do be aware that angst was the primary motivation for these (and points :P) so they taste a little different from what I usually put up.
Tony entered Steve’s room with trepidation. As much as he wanted them to sleep side-by-side, last time they’d tried, it hadn’t gone very well. Steve had seemed happy at first, but as the day had worn on, it had become clearer and clearer that he hadn’t slept at all. Tony had pushed, and Steve had admitted that Tony’s sleeptalking had kept him awake.
Steve shuffled back and something hit the ground with a thud, then his head appeared, dotted with tufts of fluffy white dust bunnies. "You're always looking. What did you ask me?"
He unsheathed his fangs, begged for forgiveness from both God and Tony, then buried them in Tony’s neck. It took a long time for Tony’s blood to flow, and Steve swallowed it down eagerly. He’d been starving for so long, and even though the blood was cold and sluggish, it was sweet honey on his tongue, and he drank deep and greedily.
Steve kissed him, his peanut butter toast crumbs and Tony’s coffee mixing together, and if it were anyone else, Tony would have worried they’d regret once they woke up fully. But he couldn’t imagine regretting anything that felt so right.
"Kiss him, you punk,” Steve hissed out, both hands gripped tight on the back of the chair, up on his knees now, the blanket forgotten on the floor.
“Of course. It’s just an adjustment period. We’ll get there.” Tony tipped his chin up and pressed a kiss to Steve’s lips then led him into the apartment and shut the door.
Tony set Anthony on the floor and gave him the important duty of holding the phone steady while Tony pulled what appeared to be every blanket they owned out of the linen closet. Anthony laughed like a lunatic, the flashlight dashing all over the walls and ceiling like a strobe light, as a pile of fabric grew beside him.
“I -” Tony snapped his mouth shut again and shook his head. “I tried to kill you,” he finally choked out.
His eyes were just drifting shut, the call of a nap on this lazy Sunday afternoon too strong to resist, when a soft strain of music wafted through the door, as if carried in on a slight breeze. Steve opened his eyes again and looked towards the hallway, like he could see the source there. But, of course, the music was too slight, too soft, to be that close.
“Well in that case…” Tony gestured Steve up to walk in front of him. “Welcome to Malibu. There’s nothing like the view.”
A few days later, Steve invited Tony up to his apartment for a night in, watching movies, and let him know that he should bring his toothbrush and phone charger.
They tripped back into kisses with no end in sight, until a door opened and closed behind them and the sudden burst of music from the dance eased them apart. “Hey, Steve?” Tony asked.
Tentacles ripped Steve’s uniform away baring his skin to the room and the alien eyes he could feel on them. “Tony,” he gasped, reaching for his partner, but more tentacles bound him to the broken pilot’s chair of the overtaken shipwreck. Tony was completely encased, eyes wide and begging as a tentacle explored his mouth.
“You asked me to. When we first got together, in that restaurant, what, three months ago? You said, 'I’m going to panic the first time we fight and try to break up with you, just a warning.’ and I said, 'I won’t let you.’” Steve shrugged. “I figured three days was enough time to cool off a bit and be sure you really meant it.” He wound their fingers together. “So, yes. If, now, after some time to think about it, you still want to break up with me, then okay. But if it was just the heat of the moment… can we talk it out, instead?”
He was just drifting off again when a small noise broke the early morning silence. It wasn’t a full Anthony giggle, just a tiny, infant sigh, a huff of breath. Steve shifted away from Tony a little, inclining his head towards the monitor to catch any other noises.
Tony stared at the pinprick in the distance until his eyes were too hot not to drop them and blink furiously. “They orbit around a shared point,” he said, voice rough.
Steve makes a noise of confused support, the kind you give a small child when they’re informing you that they’ve made friends with the nice man who lives in the a/c vent and you’re humouring them but also a little bit considering moving house. Then he turns and hustles out of the alley.
"Yeah. I mean, I know we barely know each other. But I had a great time that night. And everything I know about you tells me you're a good person. And this baby is as much yours as it is mine, even if this next part kinda falls on me. So I came to ask how involved you want to be, if you want to be involved at all. I can thank you and leave and never bother you again. Or we can do this together."
Tony grinned. He took the tablet from Steve's hand and the screen turned on, showing that a blurry picture of the Avengers had already been set to the background. "Jan helped me with that," Steve explained. "But, well, I kind of wanted
“Have some caution there, Mr. Stark,” Steve warned with a smile. “Thor said the spell would wear off in four to twenty-four hours and I don’t want you to suddenly find yourself fifty-two again at the top of a tree or Mount Everest or something. Or wearing a ski mask behind a teller desk.”
Tony and Bucky rolled around in the snow for a moment, each trying to get enough of an upper-hand to rub a gloveful of snow in the other’s face, but only succeeded in getting both of them even more soaked. Bucky finally managed to get Tony flipped on his back and shoved snow down Tony’s shirt. He grabbed Bucky’s arm with his gauntlet and locked them in a deadlock. Both their chests heaved, eyes locked on each other, and Steve pushed up out of his chair, peering over the back to get a better view. Neither man was moving…
Tony whimpered, hips arching up to seek more and the writhing mass of tentacles around them surged up and back, rocking Steve's hips so he fucked into Tony in one long, smooth slide. The drug had him gasping immediately, tensing in the tentacles' hold, not because he was trying to escape, but because they
and you won't even let me tell you what they are so we can figure this whole fucking thing out!" Tony stood up, dropping his gun. "Because I'm in love with you,
This is for my bday prompts for vaticancameos186 who wanted: "Tony being really jealous of someone who he thinks Steve really likes, but of course, at the end , he's set straight by Steve. Would be awesome if Sassy!Clint and Exasperated!Bruce is featured, but final decision is upto you, of course."
Tony pulled off slowly, sucking to clean Steve’s cock off. He swallowed heavily then gasped in several breaths in a row, come and spit dripping down his chin. Steve forced himself to look back at the road. “God, that’s hot.”
“Oh, I didn’t mean Steve’s boyfriend. I meant the death-lasers in your eyes at the sight of them together. Or maybe I just haven’t been paying attention?”
Tony hunched down behind his sunglasses and powered down the street, keeping his chin ducked. It was bad enough he'd lost his wallet that morning, bad enough he'd been recognized at Starbucks and mobbed, bad enough the board meeting had gone to shit, but now there'd been a scheduling mix-up with his driver and he had to walk home. It was that or take a cab where the driver would be surreptitiously taking pictures of him all night. Though, without his wallet, how would he pay for it anyway?
Tony’s jaw ached, his shoulders ached, his cock ached. But Steve’s free hand was petting all over him now, stroking down his neck, thumbing his nipple, then stretching wide and flat over his stomach.
Tony’s not interested in explaining his current predicament to anyone. Still, the cat within him can’t resist sating its curiosity, and he peeks around the corner of the alleyway only to find himself two inches from a broad chest covered in a stained navy button-up under a rough denim jacket.
Steve's thumb hovered over the picture. He was almost tempted to swipe right just to see what the catfish said, but he was too irritated by the idea of trying to scam people with someone else's face, and he didn't want to give this jerk the satisfaction of thinking he'd tricked someone. He probably had one of those auto-swiping robots or something set up to try and match with the whole damn city.
Steve shifted even closer, and Tony watched helplessly as a tentacle would around his cock too. Steve cursed and tensed, his mouth falling open and his eyes slipping closed and oh god - no - that was too much. Tony arched his back, his whole body tensing as he tried to hold off, but he couldn't. The tentacles kept stroking his skin and the length in his ass undulating against his prostate, the coil around his cock squeezing and pulling. Tony tried not to, but his body was out of his control. He swore profusely and came hard, still somehow producing enough come that it splattered over Steve's perfectly shaped abs.
Tony rolled onto his back and folded his hands over his stomach. “Wow. I haven’t played Monopoly since I was a kid.”
“God, you are in so much fucking trouble, Steve,” Tony said, rage barely contained by his shaking voice.
Tony blinked awake to grey-blue eyes staring down at him. He stretched, snuggling down further in the blankets. Steve’s cold, marble skin robbed the heat from the room, but with enough blankets, it was worth it to get to share a bed with him.
Brett was an immediate no, the popped polo collar enough on its own, but when matched with his Trump hat, Steve barely paused long enough to read his name.
When Steve’s breath shook, Tony leaned in and reclaimed Steve’s mouth, kissing him with gentle reassurance then kissing away the tracks of tears that tickled their way down Steve’s cheeks. Tony followed them with his thumb.
“I looked all over the apartment for her and I couldn’t find her! I assumed she got out and was going to be murdered by a raccoon!”
. There was no other word for it. There was an instant and intense attraction, and Tony was pretty sure he wasn’t the only one who felt it.
Saliva: Water. electrolytes, mucopolysaccharides, glycoproteins, thiocyanate, hydrogen peroxide, and secretory immunoglobulin, enzymes, various human cells (note: run DNA analysis), opiorphin (possible uses?), haptocorrin.
Steve gasped as Tony’s throat contracted around his cock again. He twitched but the tentacles wound around him prevented him from moving. It was almost a relief, now, because his self control was so dental floss thin that without the restraint he was worried he wouldn’t be able to stop himself from fucking down Tony’s throat.
Tony snuggled closer, teeth chattering, and Steve ran his hand up through the back of Tony’s hair, guiding his face into the crook of his neck. Tony’s nose touched Steve’s skin and he bit back a yelp.
“What?” shouted a voice. “One minute. Come in, but wait a second.” A violent crash sounded from somewhere above the door.
Tony sighed. Laura had insisted they leave the rest of the dishes for her tomorrow, but he’d found himself entirely unable to let his feet carry him upstairs, as exhausted as he was, because he didn’t want to lie awake in bed, listening to Cooper saw logs, and think, endlessly, about how horribly this had all gone.
"It's temporary," Tony assured him. "My fridge is almost back to normal already. Just ears and a tail left. It shouldn't last long."
Tony studied Steve's face for signs of a lie. His mouth twisted awkwardly, and he was holding his shoulders to tightly, up around his ears. The flush to his cheeks made it look more like embarrassment than anything else. "Steve…"
He’d been assigned to stay in Cooper’s room, on his bottom bunk, which would have been fine - Tony liked kids and Cooper had turned out to be somewhat of a firecracker - but as Clint had slipped off to bed, he’d leaned in close and whispered “Sorry, Pal, Cooper snores like a freight train,” then disappeared.
The bad man flew up very high and snuck in through a window, as quiet as a mouse. He found Tony’s bedroom and there he was, deep in a magical sleep, arms folded graceful over his stomach, chest rising and falling evenly. Only True Love’s Kiss would wake him. And that was exactly what the bad man had to offer.
“The trauma therapist said having someone to help remind you that you need to eat, get out of bed, that you’re not going to reset again is -”
Back at the very bad man’s lair, he kicked off his boots and pouted his way down to to his secret lab. His heart was broken. How could it be that Tony wasn’t his One True Love? He’d tried everything, but it seemed that it was not meant to be.
"What if he needs stitches?" Tony tried to stand up with his arms full of Ant, but the weight threw him off balance and Steve had to catch him under the elbow and help him up. Ant continued to wail, great hitching sobs. He held his hand out in front of him, his fingers curling up protectively around the red gash across his palm.
Steve was panting already, his knuckles white on the steering wheel. Tony’s hot, wet throat closed around him again, and Tony started bobbing his head up and down. There was something about Tony being a stranger that sent a fizzling curl of electric pleasure through Steve’s gut. He always played it careful, waited until the third date, but Tony seemed to be about nothing but feeling good, nothing but seizing the moment. And fuck it was a good moment.
“So what do you do to pass the time?” Tony asked, tugging his sleeves over his hands and twisting the fabric between his fingers.
“I don’t think it’s dumb at all,” Tony whispers, breath catching in his throat. “I’m glad I didn’t scare you, that I could be that for you.”
Steve ducked his chin then rolled his eyes back up at Tony slyly. “Maybe. Or first night as the owners of multiple dogs.”
Steve dropped his focus back down to the first man. He had his hands folded in front of him, leaned back in his chair, but bright eyes transfixed by Natasha's performance. Steve wondered how often Bucky and Sam had to chase off would-be admirers who came up to the stage after the show, thinking that just because she was a performer, she was somehow public property.
“Yeah. Third year college. But my ma is sick so I come home every weekend to look out for her. I do about fifteen hours of driving each week.”
Chapters 73-96, were written for the Steve Tony Games, and I was on Team Angst. Some of these have happy endings, some do not. They're mostly darker than what I normally write. I will put tags in the notes here on each one, but do be aware that angst was the primary motivation for these (and points :P) so they taste a little different from what I usually put up.
Tony steals a moment to really look at Steve. He’s seen pictures, in Steve’s SHIELD file, but it’s different, having the real thing in front of him. Steve’s sickliness is more apparent in person, the way his breath catches and heaves, the slight twist to his spine, how his bones poke out at every opportunity, stretching pale, yellowed skin too far. But there’s also something else that pictures can’t capture -
The delivery man left with his platter and his trumpet, and Tony returned to his apartment, excited about the show in two days time.
He padded silently down the hall in his socked feet. He’d seen Steve and Nat go into the room at the end of the hall, so that must be theirs. He stopped outside the door and leaned in, raising one fist to knock. He could do this.
“Probably no one these days also saw you get spun around the roundabout so fast your pants flew off, though.”
Tony opened his mouth again but Steve slapped his hand over it, silencing him. “I’ll sit on him until it wears off.” Tony licked his palm then mumbled
Steve charged and caught him around the middle, spinning them both the ground so he landed on top of Tony, pinning him flat to the mats. Steve didn’t move right away, his gaze focused on the eyes of the armour, unable to see Tony’s real eyes behind it. But Tony could see into Steve’s. The half-bond sizzled under his skin, worse than an itch he couldn’t reach, it was a burn he couldn’t extinguish. It begged for satisfaction, for completion, but to do that, Tony would have to take off the armour. And then Steve would know, everyone would know.
“No,” Tony said, dropping his hand to wind his fingers with Steve’s. “It really hasn’t. Memories mean consequences, darling. I’m not going to pretend it doesn’t matter today what you said yesterday.”
Janet stuck toast in the toaster, showing no signs of doing anything but taking her time, and Steve made eye contact with Tony over her head. “Spar?”
Steve wasn’t supposed to be prone to damage from cold the way a normal human was, and if he was, if he needed the heat packs stuffed in Tony’s shoes and the extra coat he’d wrapped around his shoulders, then they were in trouble. There was only enough for one.
Tony sunk into Steve’s hold, letting himself be moved. “Let’s get reacquainted, hot stuff.” He ruffled his hands through Steve’s hair. “And then you can show me what all the buzz is about.”
He swiped again then squinted at the screen. A distinctly familiar face filled his screen, wearing dark sunglasses and sporting a carefully trimmed goatee. Instead of a name, he'd just written "You know who I am." The bio was empty and there were no other pictures.
Ant pouted at him, then nodded, having no clue what Steve was asking, but clearly aware that being asked if he wanted something usually worked out in his favour if he said yes.
Tony's fingers tightened around his, reminding him their hands were still clutched together. "I know. It's - I'm glad you're here with me, though. I mean, I'm not glad you're going through this too, but purely selfishly, I'm glad it's you."
“Nope. Sorry. I’m - uh - I’m having a bit of a day. You should know that at some point I’m just going to disappear, assuming everything goes according to plan. Well, according to plan B.” Tony blinks at Steve for a moment. “Okay, like plan H, but what can you do?” He clears his throat too. “I’m usually wearing more clothes than this.”
Tony pressed his hands against the glass, barely resisting the urge to follow with his forehead. The new bond inside him burned with need, a need to be acknowledged, to be completed. But it couldn’t be.
Tony hummed with pleasure and rolled to his side, plastered against Steve’s arm. He rested his face on Steve’s bicep, level with Anthony’s, and blinked at him. “Good morning, little duck,” he whispered.
There was nothing friendly or brotherly about the arm Cap had slung around Batman’s waist in the image, fingers digging in a little around his hip bone. Bruce Wayne - Tony would laugh at the irony of that if he weren’t so drunk. Wayne had been a friend of his dad’s, and his son was practically Tony’s twin. But Steve hadn’t fallen for Howard, or Tony. He’d fallen for Wayne, back in 1945, and he was still hung up on him now.
Bucky had seemed to like Steve, back when they were doing table reads and getting to know each other. But once they hit location, he started getting awkward every time his name was dropped, avoiding Tony whenever Steve was around, and refusing to hang out if Steve was visiting. Tony knew Bucky would like Steve, if he just gave him a chance, but he was starting to think it would never be. And he still had two months of filming to get through.
"But, um," Steve's voice broke, and the back of his eyes heated. Was it too early to blame that on hormones? "But I took a test three days ago, and another one yesterday, and another one today. And… they were all positive," he croaked out. "I'm pregnant."
“What?” It was Tony’s turn to blink at him. “Don’t be sorry… that was amazing. That was - uh - that was my first kiss.”
Steve tugged him down and pushed in as deep as he could, thrusting in and out as he fucked Tony with his tongue, slipping out every few thrusts to lick around the rim again and keep Tony on the edge but unable to tip over.
Next to Tony’s urn was Steve’s retirement plaque from SHIELD. He’d finally set his shield down after a hundred and sixty years. I deserve a chance to be old, he’d said. I deserve this time, even if I don’t look like I do.
A loud buzzing shocked Tony out of sleep and he blinked around in the dark for a moment before he realized it was his phone ringing. There were only three numbers programmed to override his do not disturb.
Bucky watches from the bed as white cotton covers up the olive expanse of skin barely visible in the anemic moonlight that creeps through his gauzy curtains. He fists the sheets, bites his lip, and tries to hold back the words that have been climbing steadily up the back of his throat since Tony first slipped out of bed.
Steve didn’t look any happier. “Are you okay? Is there anything I can do? Why - why do you not want to be around me…? If there’s something I’m doing that bothers you, I can stop.”
The suit sprung open, and Steve ran his hands over Tony’s body carefully, looking for injury. As he gently squeezed Tony’s wrist, his eyes fluttered open. “Hey, Cap. What happened?”
The bad man wanted to court Tony, show him how much he cared for him, but he wasn’t sure how. He searched the internet high and low and decided to send Tony a present to show him his regard.
Steve reached across Tony and lifted the flower case. He popped the top off. “May I?” Tony nodded, and Steve threaded the flower through his buttonhole then pinned it in place.
The elevator shot up again, and Tony leaned against the back wall, eyes closed. He was exhausted, but he’d be damned if he didn’t get his hands on his boyfriend before he finally crashed. He pondered what the B-team might be. Was Steve training new recruit Avengers… on the roof?
“God dammit!” Steve shoved away and started running. “I’m out,” he called over his comm. “Area’s clear, but something’s wrong with Tony. I have to get to the hospital.”
He dug out the stack of comic strips he'd been working on the night before. Were they not interesting? Not funny? Not well drawn? Was he just not good enough over all? Or maybe there were just too many fish in this sea, and no one even looked at his strips at all. He flipped through the pages again and found himself a blank sheet, but even after twenty minutes of staring, no new ideas came to mind. When his brain refused to be clever in any way at all, he started sketching out the line of Bucky's chin. He was bored before he reached his eyes, though, so he switched to hand practice, moving his own into different positions and sketching it out.
“Worried about who’s going to paint Nat’s nails if you kick it. I only have steady hands when I’m soldering.” But when Tony set him down by the quinjet, it was oh so gently. “Don’t go thinking this means I like you.”
