“What’s funny?” Sherlock asks when he comes back into the bedroom. He hands John a glass of water.
It was the greatest case he ever had. It was an exhilarating, exciting, fantastic ride, a game spanning the whole country and decades of history, a thrill both personal and abstract. Carl Powers, the bombs, the constant stream of little mysteries all tied together to one big mystery, the chase, the danger, the darkness; Sherlock never felt this alive, this challenged, this brilliant.
, but a friend of mine worked at Cafe Demel for a while, and their baked goods are excellent)
“Sherlock?”
“John is doing his mince pies with shortcrust,” Mrs Hudson points out and also tastes from the mince pie filling.
John grimaces. “I’d love to, but, you know, hospital, sick people, like I just mentioned?”
Sherlock smiles.
The building they’re taken to is comparably mundane, a simple, plain, three-story house that holds several offices as well as a few jail cells.
He’s done this a million times. This isn’t even his fiftieth air raid. He knows the likelihood of them being hit is low, the planes are probably heading for Exeter, but right now, all he can see is fire, and all he can hear are the screams of people dying.
“No,” Mr. Musgrave says. “It was eerie. It was like they all just walked out of their houses and decided to leave. Which is probably what happened, you know. I think they all just emigrated to America.”
Sherlock snorts, but doesn’t answer.
There’s a knock on the back door, and Sherlock goes to answer it.
“If I distracted you, and that’s why you lost, you must have made a mistake, because of the distraction. So what was it?”
And then John is pulling him in, and Sherlock all but collapses into John’s lap, and then they’re kissing, really kissing, deep, slow, long kisses, and Sherlock wants to die because it can’t get any better than this, ever.
Sherlock?
Sherlock shrugs. "My usual brand of stupid is difficult to get in rural Norfolk with no notice." He pauses briefly. "Or so I would imagine."
He turns back and goes into the sitting room, then he crosses to his chair and sits down, angling so he can look at Sherlock.
Sherlock nods and watches as John walks away before he returns to the tent.
Lestrade just smirks.
Molly blushes a little bit and looks down, picking at her cuticles, a sign that she’s as deeply uncomfortable as he is. “Nothing, really. I said something to him, rather.”
Practically speaking, Molly's suggestion makes sense. A new flatmate would possibly alleviate his financial situation and could possibly be a reasonably pleasant companion.
Lestrade snorts and puts up his hands. “I give up. Do as you like, you always do. Just don’t say I didn’t warn you when one of his girlfriends finally sticks.”
Sofia is easy. Sherlock’s Russian is flawless, better than his counterparts’, and John’s presence at his elbow enhances his performance. The thugs he’s dealing with are vicious, but not especially sharp-witted. They’re only a stepping-stone to get him to the Eastern European kingpin. He spins a yarn for them about his ‘father’, a well-known Russian oligarch, and his shipping empire, and the opportunities for smuggling. They eat it up hook, line and sinker, and they give him far too many details about their own operation. One of them gets a bit handsy, and John growls softly and flips his suit jacket aside to show his Sig.
“And do you think he made this choice fully aware of all the facts, and in sound mind and with rational judgement?” Mrs Hudson asks gently, squeezing his hand tightly.
“You’re not going to go rat me out?” Sherlock asks, slightly suspicious.
Sherlock just sits there, still pressing the now silent mobile to his ear.
“Make a GoFundMe page. For your bakery. Like that chap who invented that machine that gets plastic out of the ocean?”
John steps back for a moment, and Sherlock has no time to wonder what John is doing because he drops to his knees right there on the grass, hands working quickly to free Sherlock’s straining cock from his trousers. The cold air hits him and he shivers for a moment, but then John swallows his cock down to the root with no warning, and Sherlock makes a noise like he’s dying, because he thinks he might be, and oh what a lovely way to go.
John smiles. “Told you the whole getting-married thing would help.”
John grins and steps back to let him pass, and Sherlock goes back to his frying pan.
They don’t have time, though, so they run, but not before setting fire to the kingpin's mansion.
“I’m not here to argue with you about the validity of my choice of occupation,” Sherlock says and pulls out the ticket for the Bake Off final. “I’m here to offer you a front row seat.”
John is measuring out flour - well, for a certain value of measuring. He’s tipping a quantity into a bowl and he stops at some point that looks entirely random from where Sherlock is standing. He adds small chunks of butter and a bit of milk, all without touching a scale or any measuring instrument. He doesn’t even use a blasted cup.
“Sorry I’m late, it took me longer than I thought to get here from work,” John says, wiping obviously sweaty palms on his pants. His cane is still conspicuously absent, and Sherlock wonders again what that means.
John smiles, but doesn’t open his eyes. Sherlock stays until he falls asleep. And then he stays a bit longer.
“So that’s what he wants from us,” John muses after a few minutes of silence. “He thinks we still have the lodestone.”
“Like what?” John asks, looking at the spot as well. He sees nothing, but he doesn't ask if Sherlock is sure something was dug up, because of course Sherlock is, and that means he's probably right.
“I believe you,” she says and pats his shoulder in a gesture that’s both compassionate and condescending. “Makes it worse, doesn’t it?”
“Get to the point, I don’t have time to play your games.”
The two fairies exchange a glance, then the one armed with the crossbow finally lowers the weapon. “You're children,” she says.
“My brother was just leaving,” Sherlock says, glaring at Mycroft. “Weren’t you?”
“We need to find out who she is, Sherlock,” John says, hoping his voice sounds steadier than he feels. He puts the lamp down and straightens, looking down at this woman, who has dental work in her mouth that doesn’t exist on Dera, that has never existed on Dera, where dentistry is primarily done by Fey’a, who use completely different techniques and materials. “When did she get here? Where did she come from?”
The click the door makes as it shuts is unnaturally loud to Sherlock’s ears. He looks at John, suddenly nervous, suddenly shy, alone in a room, silent but for the heavy beating of his heart.
He stares at his mince pies and sighs.
“What's going on with her?” John asks as he enters Sherlock's lab. “I thought she died when the building collapsed.”
The other bakers all congregate over by the cakes and help themselves to slices of Sherlock’s birthday cakes.
“Jim, you won, congratulations.”
He’s sorely tempted to hit ‘ignore’, but he knows Martha Hudson. She’ll try again and again until she gets him on the phone.
“Anderson is an idiot.”
Irene raises her head and looks at him questioningly. She’s been quiet since he rescued her. Unusually so, he reckons, from the short time he’s known her. She was nervous and fidgety for the first two hundred miles or so, but they’re almost at the airfield now, and she’s grown increasingly calm the farther her would-be executioners are behind them. “Anything the matter?” she asks, quietly, not wanting to startle the driver, a local who picked them up in exchange for a few pounds.
For a moment, Sherlock allows himself to lean into it. She smells of chamomile soap and the flowery perfume she wears for special occasions. Her arms around him are surprisingly strong. “You will make him happier,” she whispers, and Sherlock lets her go, gently, kisses her on the forehead.
John gestures at the table, and the bakers all step aside to reveal seven different birthday cakes.
“Three people are dead, Sherlock,” John reminds him.
Sherlock runs a hand through his hair. “You know what I am? Deep down?” he asks, and he can hear the anger in his voice, only it’s not necessarily directed at John. “I’m a junkie, John, always looking for the next hit. So the fact that I
“What happened?”
Sherlock carefully says nothing, but he puts down his tea and steps behind John, lets his fingers sink into the tense muscles around John’s shoulder blades. John stiffens for a moment, but then he sways a bit towards Sherlock, and Sherlock slowly kneads the stiff muscles.
Is Moriarty right? Is he taking his eye off the ball?
Sherlock thinks he needs to wipe that grin off John’s face and sinks to his knees, mouthing John’s cock through the thin cotton. John makes a delicious sound, half moan, half bitten-off curse, and Sherlock decides that he wants to hear it again. So he mouths along John’s length, teasing at his hardness through the fabric, and it’s strangely erotic, the way he’s not-quite-tasting John. He blows hot air on John’s erection and scrapes over it with just a hint of teeth, and John’s head hits the door with an audible thump.
Sherlock flinches a little. “I can imagine.”
Sherlock smiles, and there’s an odd warmth lodged in his chest. “Just what I was thinking.”
He goes on and on, people, details, deductions, and John feels a bit like he’s on that train with Sherlock, watching him take them apart with his words. Occasionally, John asks a question, but mostly he lets Sherlock talk and talk until he notices that Sherlock is starting to relax.
“I brought you something,” Sherlock is saying, holding up something between his fingers, turning slowly, apparently trying to find Jim in the darkness.
Start again.
Sent: 5:37 am
before putting the phone away. What he really wants is to phone John and celebrate, but he knows there’s zero chance that they won’t end up in bed together, and that’s the last thing they both need right now.
Sherlock looks over to his brother, who’s taken his seat and is checking his emails on his phone. Harry Watson is standing around, a bit aloof from the other bakers, who are clustering around John and Molly, wishing them luck and asking about their bakes.
Jim shoves John roughly at Moran and steps into the light. “Hello, Sherlock,” he says, all smooth sweetness. “Glad you could make it.”
Sherlock looks up from the pig. “Why?”
John looks down at himself and notices he’s not much better off. He’s covered in scrapes and bruises, his clothing is filthy and stinks of smoke.
“So without further ado, the overall theme for the final is, you guessed it from the decoration, Christmas.”
Irene walks over to him, as always she moves like a tigress on the prowl. “Congratulations, Sherlock. The savoury macarons were a stroke of genius.”
“There is that,” Sherlock agrees, quietly, leaning against a tree, and silence falls again.
“Stop simpering. People aren't doing you any favours; they’re just stating empirically observable facts,” Sherlock snaps.
Sherlock shakes his head, still not looking at John. “I don’t… I don’t want to die. Not anymore. And the last thing I want is to hurt you again.”
Sherlock frowns. “Why the hell not?”
“Oi, Watson, who died?” Mary, their lighting designer, asks as she drops down next to him on the sofa. “We thought you’d be ecstatic to be rid of Jim. I know I am.”
"But that means I won't get my 'you managed not to strangle my parents' reward," John points out drowsily.
He’s used to feeling like this at the end of tech week, but it’s fucking Monday, and he’s already nearly done in. He was in at eight to check whether the stage was done, found seven things that needed to be fixed, then spent the time before the actors came in at noon helping Mary focus and program the lights. They’re programming light cues tonight and tomorrow with Lestrade and Anderson, so the basic focusing needs to be done by then. Fortunately, the play has about six light cues, so at least the programming should be quick.
For a moment, Sherlock is silent. “Only idiots care about what other people think of them,” Sherlock says finally, turning back to his book, obviously dismissing the subject. But he keeps gazing at John thoughtfully when he thinks John’s not looking, and there’s an odd expression on his face.
Sherlock takes the tea and sips it, and of course it’s perfect, just the way he likes it, and he accepts it for the truce offer it is.
The reply comes much later, when he’s already in his studio kitchen, working on his first batch of sticky toffee puddings, all thoughts of quitting abandoned for now.
John steps closer and leans over his workstation, until he’s very close to Sherlock, amusement clear on his face. “Yes?”
Sherlock leans over and whispers in John’s ear, “And once this is over, I’ll take you home and reward you creatively. So start thinking about what you want.”
John snorts a humorless laugh. “Yep. Definitely. I’m sure I would have found it incredibly sweet if you hadn’t broken up with me 12 hours earlier.” He looks at Sherlock, and there’s something in his eyes, something sharp and discerning. “Begs the question, though, why you baked it in the first place.”
Sherlock thinks about commenting for a second, but decides against it. This feels personal, somehow, in the way his YouTube videos definitely aren’t, and he doesn’t want John to know that he’s been here. Also, the last thing he needs is to spend more time than absolutely necessary thinking of John Watson.
Bread week is objectively boring. Kneading, braiding the eight strands together, then proofing it again for another thirty minutes, then baking. Listening to complaints from co-contestants who can’t even braid eight strands of dough together, who moan about their dough not having risen properly. Mrs Hudson and Mrs Turner making smalltalk with the struggling contestants. And in between John, with his competent hands kneading and weaving with ease, with his well-fitting jeans and his eyes on Sherlock, with his teasing grins and the small, flirtatious smiles.
Sherlock barely sleeps. He spends the night listening to the wind rush through the trees and feeling homesick. He misses Baker Street and his violin and the noise of London traffic. He misses the damp carpet smell of their home. He misses the quiet routine of their life together, tea and crap telly and time to breathe. All the things he used to scoff about as unnecessary luxuries.
“What are you two conspiring about?” Mrs Hudson asks, accompanied by Mrs Turner and the steadicam, and Sherlock and John move apart automatically.
"Carol hasn't even seen the show."
He goes into the kitchen and makes tea without switching the lights on. He hasn’t been here that often, but this is John’s kitchen, so he knows where everything is.
“Then why didn’t you?” John asks, and there it is, in his voice, a sliver of anger, at last. “Don’t you think I would’ve gone with you to wherever you went? Don’t you think I would’ve done
Sherlock finds John bound to a chair, being interrogated by a nasty thug who’s already landed a few good blows to John’s face.
John’s lips twitch in a brief smile. “Granted, not the most original question to ask someone you meet in a kitchen at one in the morning.”
be an objective way to say whether something is good or not,” Sherlock answers. “There are objective criteria to measure the quality of anything, there have to be, otherwise science as we know it would not be possible.”
From the corner of his eyes, he can see John’s lips twitch in suppressed amusement, and adrenaline floods his body, making his fingers tingle.
“Your friend is asleep, it seems, “Mr. Musgrave says. “Maybe we’ll finish this tomorrow.”
Mrs Hudson is there, going right in on the hugging. “Punch and biscuits in the green room, everybody. Let’s have a bit of Christmas cheer on our last night.”
Sherlock points at the boy. “John, this is Billy Wiggins. Billy Wiggins, John Watson.”
Sherlock quirks a humorless smirk. “Well put.”
“Hungry?” John asks.
Sherlock shakes his head. “No. I think the Fey'a took it.”
Laughter.
Sherlock huffs a laugh, and Mrs Hudson pats his arm. “Look at the bright side. With divorce rates being what they are, we’ll have John back at Baker Street in three years, at the latest. Meanwhile, I suggest you find yourself a nice girl, or chap, and practice a bit.”
Ginger nods. “Squatting in an abandoned building down by the river.”
The entire table laughs, including John. “I’ll try not to be too harsh,” John says, and when he smiles at Sherlock this time, it’s small and private and reassuring, and Sherlock stops being nervous, because it’s very much the thought that counts, and he knows John gets that Sherlock was trying to do something nice for him, however ineptly.
“Good point, John. Ladies. Please take your places.”
John nods. “Agreed. What do we do when we find Kitty?”
“So this mini Bake Off between Sherlock and myself is about a philosophical difference on the subject of Sachertorte,” John explains while Sherlock is filming him. “Sachertorte was invented in the 19th century by a young man named Sacher, who was working for a very famous bakery in Vienna called Demel. So Demel claims their Sachertorte is the original, but Sacher left Demel to found his own business, the Cafe Sacher, and they claim that he took the original recipe with him, therefore theirs is the original. The difference being of course that the Sacher recipe has a layer of apricot jam in the middle, and the Demel recipe doesn’t. So Sherlock and I will make a Sachertorte. He’ll use the Demel recipe, the boring one with jam only under the chocolate icing. I will use the original, classic and obviously superior method with a layer of jam in the middle.”
And then he does. “No, you bloody well didn’t,” he sobs, and Sherlock is across the room before he even knows what he’s doing. He’s on his knees in front of John’s chair, and John’s head is on his shoulder, and his hands are rubbing John’s back, and he feels John’s wracking, ugly sobs shudder through his entire body. He closes his eyes and pretends not to enjoy this, all this closeness and touch and body heat. He is so very tired of pretending.
“My sister. She’d have it for every birthday. First my gran made it, and then when she passed on I did.”
“Durham, I’d say. Coal mining family, hit hard during the Depression. You have the look of somebody who was fed well in childhood but undernourished in puberty. Ran away to London when you were no older than fourteen, fell in with some unsavoury chaps and served a short prison sentence where you got this thoroughly disreputable tattoo on your forearm. Really, a skull and crossbones? Not very original.”
Then John visibly shakes himself out of it and points at the tent. “Right. Tea.”
“What kind of offer?”
His phone alert dings just as his batch of jam is cooling, and he goes to check it. New entry on John’s blog.
She snorts, then takes a sip of her coffee.
He turns to his back, looking up at the high-beamed rafters of their attic bedroom. For a moment, they’re both quiet. Then John asks, “Caring isn't an advantage? Who told you that?”
Kitty shrugs. “I don't know. They were setting up some kind of contraption. They used a very big rock, looked a bit like a Fey'a crystal.”
He hasn’t heard from John since that last text. He read that text as accepting his invitation, but he isn’t sure and he would never stoop to asking.
He’s cold and nearly naked and everything hurts. Blood is running down his back, over his arse cheek, down his right leg.
“But why doesn’t he just kill us and take the lodestone?”
He walks home to Baker Street, deep in thought about how to make the goddamned mince pies more interesting, and about the ten different ways his meeting with Mr Chatterjee could go wrong.
“As delicious as this is, Sherlock, it will not magically open my checkbook. The difference between lending and giving depends entirely on my confidence that you will be able to return this money to me, and I’m afraid, given your history, I have none,” Mycroft says, delicately wiping the edges of his mouth with the silk napkin.
“You really shouldn’t smoke.”
But the deduction is easy, given Mike’s current state and John’s family history. “You’re asking yourself what about you makes you a prime target for exploitation by alcoholics.”
"Bad news from the bank," Janine says as soon as he picks up. "They're worried about your lack of employment history and business experience."
Sherlock sways a little and John supports him so he’s leaning against John. He’s obviously still dizzy and John wouldn’t be surprised if Sherlock had no idea what John just said.
“I could do with a sandwich myself,” John says, nodding towards the catering tent. “Don’t know about you, but baking always makes me crave pickles. Or salami. Or poppadoms with a good, hot chutney.”
"Three days, and you'll be home for two weeks. And then it's just four more months," John says, glad that he sounds more confident than he feels.
Sherlock very much fears it won’t be enough time by half.
John is too tired to lie. Or to sugarcoat this in any way. “Possibly. Maybe Sherlock wanted to give our daughter an outside chance of remembering your face.”
Sherlock looks at him and his eyes go dark with promise, and John suddenly thinks that three days are an indecently long time. “Deal.”
“It was shit,” John answers without hesitation. “Can we go home now?”
He rents a car and drives most of the day, which is good because it gives him something to do other than gnaw his own arm off in nervous anticipation.
“What?” John asks, instantly alert. “What happened?”
John gives her a wink. “Come back in an hour, and I’ll be able to tell.”
“The rest of the season. I thought it was going well, and then, suddenly, he just left.”
John opens his eyes. Slowly, he sits up.
Sherlock slowly comes closer, and finally dares to raise his eyes to John’s face. John is watching him warily, and he looks terrible. His clothes are disarrayed, and he looks like he hasn’t shaved or showered in some time. His eyes are red-rimmed and he has dark circles under them.
“No baking grandmothers in your family?” Mrs Turner asks teasingly.
John nods. “Definitely.”
When John finally pushes in, it’s all too much for a moment. Sherlock closes his eyes and breathes, and John says, gently, “Sherlock. Look at me.”
Ginger shrugs, still looking bored. “Met her about a year ago, begging on the streets. She was rubbish at it, so we sort of took her in. Her and that friend of hers.”
“Bad.” It’s a simple statement of fact, but it makes Sherlock feel sick to his stomach.
“You used the same recipe for the sponge?” Irene asks, and Sherlock nods.
He was never entirely sure if friend was the right word for what John is to him. It’s taken him a while, but he had to finally admit that he does have more than one friend in the world. There’s Lestrade, and Molly, and Mrs Hudson, and ironically, there was Mary Watson with whom he had one thing in common that nobody else in the world shared: Keeping John and Rosie Watson safe and happy as a number one priority. They might not have seen eye to eye on the methods, or the execution, but at least they agreed on the importance of the issue.
Sherlock presses send and sets his phone down next to the microscope. He checks the time on the screen. 2:33 am. He’s cold, and he’s hungry, and he needs to get some sleep, and he really should go home now.
Sarah orders a pint of cider and they sit down at the table John indicated. John’s nervous, and he hopes Sarah can’t tell. They’ve got a lot to talk about, thankfully, because the clinic is a never ending source of conversation material. He never thought he’d talk about a leg amputation on his first ever drink out with a girl, but Sarah’s fascinated and asks detailed questions, and this is the exact reason John likes her. They talk about ether and what a blessing it is, and John mentions Sherlock’s and Listra’s experiments with producing Penicillin for intravenous use out of the fungus used in traditional Fey’a medicine.
Of course Sherlock chooses this exact moment to emerge from the dressing room. He starts a bit when he sees John and Mary. “Oh, you’re awake!”
Since Angelo’s that first night.
“Who says I don’t like it?” John counters automatically, but only winces when Sherlock gives him a
I wasn’t aware that you were the official spokesperson of my “followers”. Was there an election? Or did you just appoint yourself?
Sherlock finds him at the bar, having a staring contest with two fingers of whisky. Sherlock sits down next to him and gestures to the landlord for the same. John doesn’t acknowledge him with words, but his body shifts ever so slightly, angling a bit towards Sherlock. It’s a tacit permission to stay, and Sherlock is grateful for it, because he’s a bit worried about John. The look in John’s eyes as he stares at the whisky is deeply familiar to Sherlock, and the last thing he wants now is for John to face whatever is at the bottom of that glass alone.
The “judges” start tasting the cakes.
Nothing really changes, and yet, everything does, a little, like his entire life has shifted a few inches to the left. Sarah slowly fades out of the picture. John starts coming along on most of Sherlock’s cases, not just the one he’s accidentally around for. Sherlock often finds himself starting sentences with
Sherlock leaves, and John walks onto the stage. Mary’s already at her lighting console, which is sitting in the sixth row on a board across the seats. She looks up from programming it for a moment, and gazes at John critically, head cocked to one side. “You’re still in love with him.”
John is also using bright red homemade jam and the spice blend he brought from home. He’s glancing over at Sherlock occasionally, but they’re both too busy to really talk. Linzer torte isn’t that complicated, but it can be very dry, so getting it right is more difficult than it seems. John is also doing a complex lattice pattern with strips of dough of different widths, and Sherlock watches carefully to find John’s mistake. John’s workstation is messy and he’s careless about measuring, but otherwise, he works with the self-assurance of someone who’s done this often and well.
“Our bakers will have two hours to assemble a perfect cake. Bakers, on your mark, get set, bake.”
“Sherlock, this is getting scary,” John says, grabbing Sherlock’s arm.
Pull yourself together, Holmes. Making him smile is like cocaine. A sudden, incredible rush and the inevitable come-down when you realise it can never last.
He feels cold.
“Well,” John says, suddenly immensely tired. The fight goes out of him in a rush. Fine, then. If the only person he has here doesn’t want him there any more, he’ll go it alone. Won’t be the first time. “I wonder why that is,” he says quietly and goes back to bed without a word.
“How's life here, then, generally?” John asks, taking a bite of his ham and mash.
But Sherlock shakes his head, because there’s something else he needs to say. “I didn’t think he’d escalate like this. I underestimated him. I didn’t realise just how unhinged he really is. That’s a mistake I certainly won’t make again.”
John is obviously in a good mood; he’s relaxed and smiling, joking; his posture is casual and comfortable, and there is no sign of his cane. He didn’t have it yesterday, either, Sherlock recalls. Odd that he should only notice now. John tells a funny story about murdering his gran’s sourdough starter, and Sherlock watches him, forcing himself into the detachment he normally achieves so easily.
Specifically how much John cares about Sherlock. Which, in hindsight - after shooting cabbies and telling him to run, after jealousy of dominatrixes and chinning superintendents - was rather stupid of Sherlock.
John’s Birthday Cake:
“You shouldn’t drink this much,” he blurts out.
“You know her?” John asks, having noticed the interaction. He’s been perching on a bar stool at his station, quietly looking around and apparently enjoying the moment.
John sighs. “Don’t insult my intelligence,” he snaps. “And get off me.”
John laughs. “It goes on like this for another three paragraphs, then he talks about making meringues and never answers the question.”
“It was sort of sweet, actually,” Molly says. “It was pretty obvious from the start that Sherlock was smitten with John, and we were all laying bets as to when Sherlock was going to pounce, and whether John would notice-”
He listens for a moment, then interrupts. "I don't care," he hisses, voice low and steely. "We're going home. Make it happen."
The driver turns around and says something to them, in what Sherlock is reasonably sure is Pashto, and Sherlock asks himself for the millionth time why he didn’t bring John along for this. Reasonably, logically, pragmatically, he should have. But if he’s entirely honest with himself, he wasn’t sure he was going to pull this off and he wasn’t about to risk John’s life for somebody John doesn’t especially care for. And if he’s even more honest with himself, he didn’t because he hates the way John looked at Irene, the resigned sadness of it.
“Does Musgrave Manor mean anything to you?” John asks.
It’s despicable how illogical this is. He’s finally getting what he always wanted. Everything important in his life is coalescing into a shape that will set his life on the course he wanted it to take. He’s getting his loan, he’s getting his bakery.
It’s almost a miracle, that John is capable of this, of making him still, of making him
Silence falls as John tries to think through the implications of everything they’ve just learned. “Does Lestrade know any of this?”
He manages to sit up enough to gaze at John, who looks like Sherlock feels, messed up and blissful and vaguely traumatized.
Sherlock smiles. “If you think I’d let anyone else make our wedding cake, you’re certifiably insane.”
Neither of them has said a word since they left Kitty’s flat. They told her to be in touch if anybody threatens her or wants her to do something. John isn’t sure what they’ll do with the information, but maybe they can help Kitty somehow.
So he walks over, slowly, approaching John like he would a hostile dog.
Most of the contestants laugh, but John’s lips just quirk into a small apologetic smile. “What cake would you have, then?” he asks. “If you could pick one.”
“You have to talk to Mrs Hudson, John,” Sally says, and everybody at the table nods in agreement.
She gestures at the lab. "Because nobody who doesn't work here should hang around this place at 2:30 in the morning."
Sherlock remains, alone, quietly elated. It shouldn’t fill him with a secret joy that John is bothered by Irene’s blatant flirting, but it does, because it means that maybe, just maybe, John has not, in fact, moved on as successfully as he claims. And if that is in fact the case, maybe, just maybe, he can actually get John back. He’s very good at getting John Watson into bed, after all, at least he used to be.
For a moment, Sherlock is silent. “Shut up,” he says, finally, sullenly.
It’s the middle of the night when he comes back to his room. He meets nobody, meaning the few of his neighbours who actually occasionally check that he’s still alive are all asleep. Nobody around to stop him, then. He half wishes there was.
Billy looks more closely at the corpse’s features, then his face splits into a grin. “Actually, Sherlock,” he interrupts,  “you can pay up right now. I know her.”
Silence falls again, and John starts to relax in the knowledge that whatever else he is, he isn’t alone.
A quiet sob escapes him. He bites down on his thumb to stop himself, but another sob shudders its way out of him. He knows he’s not supposed to cry, but he can’t help it, he’s twelve years old and alone in the world.
Sent: 5:15 am
“I should go,” John finally says. He picks up his trousers from the back of one of the armchairs in Sherlock’s sitting room and pulls them on.
The Black Forest Gateau is first, and it’s a catastrophe. If Sherlock were so inclined, he would have material for ten videos about what went wrong in this bake, which was everything.
But the door closes and he hasn’t moved, hasn’t spoken, and he goes to sleep alone.
“Or did you just follow Sherlock the way you usually do?”
Somebody clears his throat. Sarah and John break apart, and John looks up to see Sherlock standing there, looking uncharacteristically lost, an unreadable expression on his face.
Mike gestures them out of the door to end the discussion. “If you say so. Now, to the important bit: rugby or football?”
“Yes, thank you,” John says and Sherlock pulls him in to stifle John’s giggles against his lips.
He decided to use Janine’s mistake as an inspiration and shows how to make a white chocolate frosting, using good quality white chocolate.
Sherlock looks down at their joined hands and his heart clenches as he sees the age spots, the knuckles of her fingers gnarled with arthritis, and he realises that  - sooner rather than later - she’ll be gone, and he’ll have lost another person who loves him unconditionally for all the wrong reasons.
“No, I just made a cream cheese topping for the cupcakes, bit of lemon, bit of sugar. It’s good, but it isn’t as good as the white chocolate would have been.” She makes an angry sort of stabbing gesture with her cigarette. “I just wish I knew why it didn’t work, it’s always worked with the dark chocolate.”
"Of course. I'll be right there."
“I would hardly term a moderately popular YouTube channel a success.” Mycroft puts the napkin down and finishes his tea with an air of finality. “I have no interest in supporting this frivolous hobby. Come to me with a serious business proposition, and I will reconsider.”
“Day Two of Biscuit Week, and our contestants are making gingerbread houses.”
Lya smiles at him humourlessly and nods a greeting. “John Watson.” She gestures back at the blaze. “What happened?
John sits down in his chair and sips from a mug of tea that’s appeared in his hand. “Maybe it can’t be. Maybe you’ve ruined it. It was always the most likely outcome of our… association, shall we call it …, that sooner or later you’d break something you wouldn’t be able to fix. After all,” and he turns into Mycroft mid-sentence, “it’s not like you have any experience with this. It’s not like you’ve ever been able to keep anyone around for longer than they absolutely had to be.”
Sherlock holds open the door and John steps through. The kitchen is much better lit, and Sherlock keeps it spotless, so he knows the contrast must be jarring. The dusty, broken cafe and the warm, well-kept kitchen, the old but large baking oven, the gleaming surfaces.
"That remains to be seen," Sherlock answers, hoping that if he's as rude as he can possibly be to John, he'll go away and leave Sherlock alone to concentrate on preparing.
“Opening a bakery in central London is more akin to buying a lottery ticket. And I have no desire to invest in something you will sooner or later tire off, discard and walk away from, like you have done with everything else so far. School, University, any job you have ever had. You always get bored. Why should this be different?”
“Your pyjamas and your slippers don’t quite fit, likely hand-me-downs from some charity or other, you’ve been evacuated, and you’re sitting here in a strange kitchen a three in the morning watching me dissect a rabbit rather than going back to bed,” Sherlock says, lips quirking into an odd little half-smile at the end.
It’s what he wanted to happen more than anything. It isn’t what happened.
John rolls his eyes, but he’s smiling as he steps up to help Sherlock, and together, they carry the cake to the tent.
They play for a while in relative quiet; the only words passing between them are related to the game. Sherlock is beating John soundly after about five minutes, which is unusual, because normally John hangs on a lot longer than that, mostly by being by and large the most unpredictable opponent Sherlock has ever played, but obviously his mind isn’t really on the game. Sherlock’s isn’t, either, but it’s less obvious with him, because even at half capacity, he’s still a better player than most people on their best days.
Takes place between TGG and ASiB
Sherlock goes home in a daze. His hands are trembling ever so slightly, and his stomach is behaving like he just rode a rollercoaster.
“I’ll like the one that’s made the most competently the most,” Sherlock says, and he can see John’s small smile.
“Thank you,” John mutters without opening his eyes. He looks flushed and miserable.
“You don’t owe me an explanation.” John’s voice is gentle and kind, and Sherlock is sure that he doesn’t deserve any of this.
John rolls his eyes as he approaches the window. He presses up against the wall on one side of it and darts a glance inside.
By the time John sinks down on Sherlock’s cock, they’re both trembling with anticipation. If he’s ever experienced something hotter than John finger-fucking himself before rolling a condom on Sherlock’s cock and slicking it with lube, he can’t remember it.
Sherlock briefly admires the way the scrubs hug John’s arse and accentuate his shoulders, then he focuses back on his dough.
Sherlock doesn’t know what the rush is, but John’s not letting him up for air and he likes it, this demanding, unleashed version of John.
“Bollocks,” John mutters again and tries not to panic. He does the only thing he can think of, pulling the piece of wood out of his shoulder. The wound bleeds heavier, and he takes off his jacket, wadding it together to stem the bleeding. He's pretty sure he read somewhere that that's what you're supposed to do. “Sherlock!” he yells, trying to shake Sherlock awake, but he doesn’t move.
“You know,” Mycroft begins, “when you first moved in with my brother, I contemplated arranging for you to have an unfortunate fatal accident. I’m beginning to regret not going through with it.”
“Ambitious,” Sherlock answers equally quietly, instantly catching the thinly veiled suggestion. “Tempting. But no. People are already talking.”
It’s been raining since the early morning hours, and the sounds of drops striking the tent roof are oddly loud, creating a sort of white noise blanket that should be calming but isn’t.
Sherlock jumps up and grabs John by the shoulders. “Yellow paint, John. The brother!”
Sherlock skips the mediterranean buffet they were promised for dinner in favour of a few sandwiches he filched from the catering tent. He eats in his room, then writes up a few notes for a blog entry on how heat changes the molecular structure of the batter, and how to calculate optimal baking times.
“I'm going to the Gladstone for a birthday drink,” John points out. “Seeing as it's, you know, my birthday.”
“Acetylsalicylic acid, pretty much,” Sherlock says. He sighs when John isn’t immediately enlightened. “It’s more potent Feverweed,” he explains in his
Behind him, John gives him a giant grin and two enthusiastic thumbs up. It makes Sherlock smile, and he’s much calmer when he says, “Email me the details?”
John hangs up the phone and lets it fall onto his nightstand with an audible clatter. “I feel awful,” he says hoarsely, and Sherlock crawls into bed with him and shifts them so John is lying with his too-hot body pressed against Sherlock’s side, head resting on Sherlock’s chest. Sherlock closes his eyes for a few moments, enjoying the feeling of John's body against his, even though John is sniffling disgustingly and smells like stale sweat. As always, he takes a moment to be grateful for this, for the simple fact that John is here, with him, even a grumpy, stubborn, sick and disgusting John. That John chose him, said yes to him, again and again, that John stays.
“So. John. You’re still in the competition.”
To say he is conflicted would be the understatement of the bloody century.
“That’s what we said. How? He explained about this place, and how he’d get us here. We didn’t believe him, of course. But we were desperate, and he said he’d help us.”
If Sherlock were almost literally anyone else on the planet, that might stop him. Since he isn’t though, he steps out of the shadows. “John,” he whispers, and it’s so good to see John, to see the emotions flicker over John’s so very expressive face - joy, anger, sadness, hurt, love, oh God, so much love - and they don’t talk at all this time, John just grabs him and kisses him like he’s performing mouth-to-mouth resuscitation and maybe he is, because Sherlock feels very much like he’s only breathing because John Watson is.
Lestrade leaves, and John is alone with the doctor - Molly.
Every hour, they come into his cell. Lights on, loud music, startling him out of the doze his exhausted mind has sunk into.
He puts his glass down on the nearest available surface, and stalks directly over to John, who’s watching him with open appreciation. He walks until he’s well within John’s personal space, then leans down and murmurs against John’s ear, “Want to get out of here?”
Sherlock would very much like to have five uninterrupted minutes to stare at John to update his mental database of him. But that would surely make things awkward, so he allows himself only the smallest of glances, and always when Lestrade is giving a note to another actor, and John’s attention is on them.
Probably hunger, he muses, and eats some more of his filo strudel.
“Thank you,” Sherlock says, and John looks up at him again, smiling.
John sighs and decides to let that rest for a moment to concentrate on the more pressing issue. “Couldn’t this have waited two days for the stitches in your arm to heal that you wouldn’t bleed through your shirt?”
He didn’t know then, that the silence was perfect because he could hear John breathe.
“Amit, I’m off,” he calls out into the shop.
“Isn’t that make-up?” Adriana asks, and the entire crew groans.
Afterwards, Sherlock crawls back up and they just lie there, limbs entwined, half-dressed, messed up and breathing hard. Sherlock shifts them so John’s head rests on his shoulder and he can card his fingers through his hair. The silence in his mind is blissfully absolute for once, and Sherlock can just breathe, and rest.
“Sherlock?”
John sighs, rubbing his hand over his forehead. “Can’t deduce it?” It comes out vaguely belligerent, and Sherlock notices how tense John is. All his defences are up, and Sherlock doesn’t understand why.
It’s not like he hasn’t thought about it before. It’s not like it isn’t tempting to give into the pull, every time they stumble back to their dark flat after a successful case, adrenaline rushing, eyes meeting, sparks flying. It would be so easy just to grab John, fist his hands in his jacket, push him against the wall and kiss him.
John gets up last, weak in the knees and feeling like he must reek of the cold sweat of fear.
John is next.
Was this just an impulsive reaction to John defending him? Sherlock is deeply uncomfortable with showing emotion, John knows this. Maybe he didn’t know how to show John he’s grateful and just did the first thing that came to mind.
“I already said that. You know I hate repeating myself,” Sherlock snaps. “I also already said it won’t happen again.”
John shrugs. “Well, it's... I don't know, I never thought about it before. It wasn't...” he makes a vague gesture. “It wasn't horrible, or anything. It was just really surprising.”
"Listen." Janine leans in and drops her voice. "I know this isn't what you wanted, or what you need right now, but it's still a good thing that will help you pay your rent every month."
Lestrade gestures at the stage. “Let’s do a run-through and try it out. Adriana, you notice right away, Seb, you only notice when I tell you to, right? And just go with it, we’ll refine it as we go along. Let’s take ten while John resets.”
“I need to wash up,” Sherlock says, gesturing at the shower. His voice sounds terrible, rough and dry.
“Do you ever have the urge to do something stupid?” John asks after a while. “Not a bit stupid, or slightly silly, but something explosively, destructively stupid?”
“I know.”
But keeping Sherlock Holmes alive, making sure his heart keeps beating and his body keeps supporting his genius, beautiful, idiot brain, might just turn out to be John Watson’s methadone.
That night he can’t sleep. That in and of itself is not an unusual occurrence, he was always a bad sleeper, and he has somewhat cultivated bad sleep habits by leading an unscheduled life and having had a severe drug problem.
It’s almost comforting, the familiarity of it.
“People is sayin’, nowadays, how lucky we are that the Fey’a opened the gate for us to come, but story goes they didn’t exactly do it for free, supposedly took half the food the villagers brought from Earth,” Billy says, “and in the old days, the Fey’a used to kidnap humans to make them work for them. So I don't understand why the Watch are just takin' their word that it's closed. I'll tell you somethin', if you got through, the Gate isn't really closed. And I'd be surprised if you're the only ones. Least if you ask me.”
They’re still pressed together thigh to shoulder, and it’s entirely obvious that John
And the problem with that is, John is still Sherlock’s oxygen. Sherlock tries his very best not to show it, but he’s drowning a little here. Two years of being alone, and he kept breathing through all of it because he had that space in his mind, called 221B Baker Street, where John Watson was waiting for him.
Of course he'd rather bite his tongue off than say any of this to Molly.
“Let me drive you home,” Sherlock finally says, deliberately not looking at John.
Oh, what an idiot he can be.
His phone dings with a reply notification.
John sighs and tries to feel anything other than exhaustion. He fails. “Let’s talk about this in the morning. We both need to sleep.”
Everybody in the tent agrees.
“This leaves Jim and John,” Donovan says, giving them all a tight smile. “You’re both wonderful bakers, otherwise you wouldn’t be here. John, you’ve wowed us with your gran’s recipes, and we can all tell that you’re an incredibly skilled baker. These last two weeks weren’t your most stellar ones, though, and while your bakes are always delicious, they’re not always technically perfect, and you’ve lacked imagination in the past. Jim, I think the opposite is true for you. Your bakes are always technically perfect, and your ideas are original and well-executed, they’re sometimes not quite as delicious as they could be.”
“Why are some marked in yellow?”
Sherlock snorts a laugh. “It looked suspiciously like it.”
“Oh, come on, language isn’t logical. Look at Worchestershire, and explain to me why we pronounce it any differently from Chester, even though it contains the exact same letters in the exact same order,” John retorts, clearly enjoying himself immensely.
“John.” Stronger this time, and John looks up, directly into Sherlock’s eyes. He looks more alert than the last few times he’s been conscious, and John gets up immediately to give him some water.
John is wearing loose pyjama pants and a ratty t-shirt. His hair is sticking up in unruly tufts. There’s a pillow crease over his face.
Sherlock looks up at that last one, and John can see the exhaustion now. He remembers how it feels when you can’t sleep, for days, for weeks, like every hour of the night is mocking you with the promise of rest, and every day is an endless tunnel of grey exhaustion until you can finally lie down again, only for the whole ugly cycle to start again.
“And again I ask, why? I’m here to bake, anything else should be entirely irrelevant.”
Sherlock sighs. His parents have no problem with him being gay, but they would very much like for him to have a boyfriend who’s good for his carreer. They think - idiotically - that Sherlock is slumming it a bit with John, which is ridiculous because everybody knows it’s the other way around. Well, everybody except John.
She smirks at him and holds up her hands in a disclaiming gesture. “Fine, I won’t say anything else.” She looks over at John again and her smile softens. “You’re lucky,” she says, and her tone is a bit wistful. “He’s a good one.”
There’s a hand on his face. The hand is calloused and cool and feels breathtakingly good.
When he thinks back to all the forks in the road that led him here, he knows he would take the exact same path again, that he would find a way to rationalise all of his choices again just to have one more of anything with John.
“No.”
They break apart for air, and John keeps hold of Sherlock’s waist to prevent him from moving away. “What would you have done, eleven years ago, if the mistletoe hadn’t been there?”
Start again.
John, who’s been leaning against Sherlock, sleepy and content, perks up at that. “Let’s not get ahead of ourselves here, okay? We haven’t been together for a year.” He turns his head and looks at Sherlock, obviously alarmed and half afraid that an off-hand comment like that might spook Sherlock. But Sherlock is done being afraid, so he only tightens his arm around John, giving him a reassuring squeeze.
@johnwatsonsblog.co.uk
But what he really misses is the all-consuming sense of purpose the war brought him. As a doctor he’s never exactly led a meaningless life, but applying a pressure bandage to a young solider wounded in action while left and right grenades are exploding, knowing that you’re maybe one of maybe ten people in the whole army who can perform emergency medical procedures under heavy fire without their hands shaking, being regarded as a valuable member of an elite team, that’s something you can’t replace easily.
you means
John huffs a laugh into the darkness, and Sherlock wishes he could see his face, see what smile he’s wearing now. “Good to know you’re not a maudlin drunk. A chatty one, though.”
“Well, I’m pretty sure you’re not baking scones,” John replies, calmly. “And I surely hope you’re not making tomorrow’s dinner.”
John laughs, grinning widely at Sherlock, one of those smiles that make him look ten years younger, and Sherlock thinks, even as his heartbeat picks up and he can’t help smiling back,
John looks up and nudges Sherlock absently with his elbow. “What next?” he asks.
Silence stretches, and finally breaks as Sherlock turns around and almost runs away.
An hour ago, Sherlock was bored.
“You make some good points,” Sherlock concedes.
“And if you had?” Mycroft asks, and the knowing condescension in his voice makes Sherlock’s teeth grate.
“Heart attack, unfortunately,” Sherlock says, returning his attention to his book. “Boring.”
John tries to struggle free, but Jim's grip on him is firm and all that's keeping him upright.
“But you did,” John says, quietly, and Sherlock starts a bit, because he’d almost forgotten that John is still there, still sitting nearly in his lap, still holding his hand. “You walked away even though you cared. And you don’t need me to tell you that it was the right thing to do because you already know that.”
Sherlock swallows the words down and ignores how much he enjoyed having John around again at 221B for his recovery. The last four months have been difficult, but without John Sherlock knows he would have never been able to get past the morphine withdrawal and he would have neglected his physical therapy even more than he already did. “Thank you,” he says, and John looks at him, confused. “For the… you know.” He gestures at his chest, where the small scar is still red and angry under his shirt.
Before them, about a mile or two from the edge of the forest, lies a city. White stone walls, elegant spires, smoke curling from hundreds of chimneys. A river flows through the city and leads into the sea. A few farms dot the landscape on the other side of the city. A horse-drawn carriage is nearing the gates from a distance. The sun glints off the white city walls.
“How?”
Sent: 4:45 am
Sorry about the delay, both my beta and I were on vacation in hotels without WiFi - or very unreliable WiFi.
“Bakers, you have four hours. On your mark, get set, bake.”
And he realises this is something he’s known all along. “I’m irrational about you too,” John says, and he doesn’t mind that his voice isn’t entirely steady. “So. What are we going to do about our shared irrationality?”
John wipes tears of laughter from his face. “How the fuck did they keep a sheep backstage?”
John looks down at his hands holding his mug. He has the ridiculous impulse to smash it. He doesn’t, of course, but he imagines it for a second. What it would feel like. The noise it would make. The shards pressing into his fingers. He’d welcome the pain right now. “I’m not sure I have, completely,” he finally says, and it surprises him, these words, spoken from a part of him that’s just too bloody tired to pretend. “I mean, I understood why he did it. And I believe he’s sorry. I suppose that’s the difference.”
“Shut up,” Sherlock snaps. “I’m not besotted. I’ve never been besotted in my life.”
Irene nudges Sherlock with her foot. Sherlock looks up from his phone and raises his eyebrows in a silent question. “Good job with the video. If John ever decides to start his own YouTube channel, we’re both fucked.”
“Hospital tea is terrible. Why is it that hospital tea is this terrible? Aren’t hospitals supposed to make people better? How is anybody supposed to get better if the tea is this-” John cuts himself off mid-ramble and puts down the cup Sherlock put in his hands a few minutes ago.
It’s a bit like a drug. An addictive rush that takes him out of his own mind and lets him rest. And he craves it almost as much.
Three weeks pass like this, and John already feels like he’s been here for years, and it's not an unpleasant feeling. John receives just one letter from his mother, and none from Harry, but since he didn't expect anything else, he's not disappointed, or at least he tells himself that he is not.
The look through the rest of her things, a few coins, two or three books. A few toiletries. Nothing out of the ordinary. Sherlock even looks under the bed and lifts her mattress. Nothing.
“Here,” Sherlock says, handing John a jar of ointment and a few white pills. “I went by the clinic to pick this up for you. Also, Molly said you don’t have to come in for the next few days because of your injuries.”
“Well done, all of you,” Irene says. “No matter who wins, that was one hell of an achievement.”
“You are the most confusing man on the planet,” John gasps against Sherlock’s mouth.
“What about me?” John asks, walking after Sherlock slowly, leaning on his cane more heavily than before.
Moriarty has made a Croquembouche, and it looks impressive, tiny pastry balls held together with spun caramel sugar. Moran raves about the technical difficulty, but neither Donovan nor Lestrade like it much.
Sherlock comes home to Baker Street after 895 days, and John is gone.
“How about we get you home?” John says, gently, glancing at Sherlock as if he’s simultaneously glad and embarrassed by his presence. “Can you tell them?” he nods in the direction of the pub.
It’s very quiet in the flat.
“That was four years ago, as far as I remember.” Lestrade sounds doubtful.
Sherlock steps out for his third cigarette in the last 24 hours. He hasn’t smoked this much in a while, and he can tell by the way the smoke scratches at his throat. He relishes it, though.
John has been dropping likes and comments on his videos, though, and Sherlock has responded to every one. Apparently some of Sherlock’s YouTube followers are watching the show, and they’ve been flirting with John in the comment section of his video about puff pastry, and Sherlock finds this oddly frustrating.
Sherlock just grins and sets to work reducing John to a writhing mess of moans and whispered encouragement. He uses his hands and tongue and a tiny bit of teeth and John curses and wraps his hands in Sherlock’s hair and chases his pleasure with his hips, until Sherlock has to pin him down to the chair with strong hands on his hips and just
Sherlock shrugs. “Most likely scenario.”
Sherlock has to smile at that. “Head stuff? You are a doctor, right? I may have to ask to see your medical license.”
His heart’s beating overtime, and he’s breathing rapidly. His hands are completely steady. Everything around him is vivid, smell and sound and suddenly he
Sherlock smiles and sets his phone down. He walks back to his pastry and tests whether it’s cooled yet. Still hot.
John can hear the killer say, “Don’t move or you’ll be sorry,” before walking towards the back door. John gathers all his strength, ignoring his shaking knees and the wobbly feeling in his stomach. Now or never.
He presses “Answer”.
He doesn’t get any further, because Sherlock is grabbing a fistful of his t-shirt and pulling him in and kissing him like a starving man. John winds his hands into Sherlock’s unruly hair and kisses him back, hungry, greedy, his heart beating out of his chest, full to bursting with joy and relief.
He falls asleep to icy silence.
“Jesus, I’m sorry,” John pants, still holding on to Sherlock tightly. “You all right?”
There’s an agonised sound from Neela, and Mrs Hudson and Mrs Turner go over to her. Apparently, her dough is too runny, and she made the mistake of adding more flour, which just made it lumpy.
John puts a hand over his mouth and breathes, shocked into stillness. He’s seen dead bodies before, he’s almost a doctor, after all, and he lived in a city that was regularly bombed, but this is somehow different. He remembers her fear, her regret about Violet, and he damns himself for not doing more to protect her.
… That was the first time you apologised, you realise that?
John calls the half hour, and a hush settles over the backstage area. Seb’s already done and in costume, and sitting in the green room having a cup of tea.
So he does the opposite of what he wants. He turns and he walks away from John in the opposite direction, while he still can.
It’s a nice step up from the dingy flat in Hong Kong and the one-room attic in Cairo.
“What could you
That must be it.
Sherlock knows that they wouldn’t be sitting here if he hadn’t jumped. He
Sherlock flags down a taxi and they get in. Mrs Hudson gives the cabbie their address, and Sherlock settles into the seat, looking out at the drowsing city - London never really sleeps - with a feeling of relief that one only gets from surviving something awful and coming out on the other side surprised that life continues.
And what about Sherlock? Will Sherlock agree to end his quest to get home, when he has so much more to lose than John? A family that cares about him, all the opportunities of wealth and privilege?
Then he takes out his phone and proceeds to pointedly ignore him.
“What?” He sighs and turns back to them, hovering a bit over the mossy ground. “Be quick, then.”
Satisfied, Sherlock turns and strides away, John almost running to keep up with him.
“Never saw the point of that, myself,” Sherlock muses and takes a sip of his tea. It’s perfect, just the way he likes it, and the comfort of it settles into Sherlock’s stomach and warms him from the inside in the cold kitchen. He leans against the counter and watches as John, dressed in Sherlock’s clothes from head to toe, boxers, t-shirt, dressing gown, wraps his hands around the mug and breathes in the steam of his tea as if he needs the visceral comfort of a hot beverage. “I never had anything much to say to therapists.”
There’s a room in Sherlock’s mind palace he never enters. He can’t quite bring himself to delete it. He sometimes walks the perimeter, gazes through the windows. He knows the room is small, dingly, dimly lit. It smells of urine and sweat and human misery. He remembers hollowed-out cheeks and dark brown eyes and angry, infected track marks. He remembers how hard it was to leave, how difficult it was to realise that if he wanted to live, he had to get out, even if he had to leave behind everything he cared about.
Retracing their steps into the Forest after more than three years feels decidedly odd. It’s farther to walk than John remembers, and he has no idea what to expect when they get there.
Home.
“Sherlock, your house looks very traditional. What are these?”
It turned out to be an understatement.
John smiles, obviously pleased with the compliment. He gestures at the other glass. “What’s this one?”
It’s dark inside, but there’s definitely somebody in there, and that somebody is doing something at Moriarty’s workstation. John wants to go in, but Sherlock motions for him to leave off. They need to know what’s going on. He gestures at his eyes and at the front of the tent, and John seems to understand, because he follows Sherlock and together, they watch as Jim Moriarty makes his way back towards the house, strolling now as though out for an after-dinner-walk.
Sherlock smiles humorlessly. “Cocaine.”
“Sherlock.”
He doesn’t look where he’s going, so he almost runs into John, who’s as lost in thought as he is. John barely manages not to spill his coffee over Sherlock, but only because he’s holding on to it with the death grip of the fatigued.
“Don’t mention it.”
John wakes up with a crick in his neck. It’s not the first time he slept in the green room, and it won’t be the last, but he never likes it. He always feels vaguely hungover and disgusting.
“When do rehearsals start?” he asks, skipping the pleasantries and getting right to the heart of the matter.
behind a rubbish bin or a broken-down perimeter wall, but he doesn’t see anyone.
The problem with emotion, he concludes, is that it isn’t a sound, predictable basis for decision making. And John does most of his decision making based on emotion. And since Sherlock has always been bad at predicting how John will feel about any given thing - which is mostly good, because Sherlock would never, ever have predicted John to feel anything at all about
Mrs Hudson’s eyes settle on a picture. “Not necessarily,” she muses, pointing at the picture she’s looking at.
Sherlock thinks.
Reluctantly, Sherlock lets John go, and John nods at the exit. They walk out side by side, and when they reach the sidewalk, John says, “Hey, remember when we got kicked out of a hospital A+E for snogging?”
… definitely you
By dinnertime, John is so worried he’s honestly considering going to see Mr Lestrade. He can barely swallow his food, barely listens to Mrs Hudson, every thought in his mind drowned by the worry that Sherlock might not come back. What’s he supposed to do if Sherlock doesn’t come back? He can’t do this alone.
“Sherlock, hello. How are you? How is the TV show going? I watched the latest episode, you’re doing well.”
Sherlock looks up from the rabbit, and his oddly pale eyes pin John in place as effectively as if he were a bug in a display case. “Nightmare. You’re alone, in a new place, you were recently bombed.” He adds, a little more quietly, “And my condolences for your father’s death.”
Sherlock slowly blinks his eyes open and straightens with a groan. He’s definitely getting too old for falling asleep over his kitchen table.  “What time is it?” he mutters, rubbing at his eyes.
“Oh, the poppy seed, I love that one,” Harry says, taking the plate from John and digging in.
Mrs Hudson and Lestrade go on hashing out details, but John only listens with half an ear, most of his attention focussed on the headshot Mrs Hudson was indicating before.
Sherlock wakes up, face down on the kitchen table where he fell asleep over his latest experiment, meaningless but a way to keep himself busy during the endlessly empty days in his empty flat and his empty life.
Sherlock finally finds John at his sister’s flat, in a drunken stupor, so far gone it’s clear he has no idea who Sherlock even is.
Then she pulls them both into a three-way hug and plants loud, wet, wholly unnecessary kisses on their cheeks. “Hello boys.”
“You could just get another flatmate,” Molly says, still watching him from the counter.
The small frown line on John’s forehead deepens. “Happens to the best of us sometimes,” he says with a small smile, his voice rough with sleep. “But just so I know, what am I wrong about?”
John rubs a hand over his face. He doesn't even know how to feel about that. “Did you find it?”
Fortunately, John seems to accept what he’s saying at face value. “All right. Fair enough.” He gestures around the kitchen. “So if it’s okay with you I’ll come around tomorrow afternoon and start baking?”
He turns around just as John reaches the bottom of the stairs and turns into the corridor.
“You know, when I went to drama school, I thought about BAFTA galas and playing Juliet at National, and nobody told me that most of the real work happens in under heated, dingy rehearsal rooms and dressing rooms the size of shoeboxes you share with three other women.” Adriana grins. “Wouldn’t have it any other way, though.” She looks at him speculatively. “What are the dressing rooms like on Broadway?”
John nods in appreciation. “Not bad.”
John finally, finally looks over at him as if only now becoming aware that he’s there. He smiles a bit, a humourless smirk of the fellow creature. “What do you do, when you get that urge?”
If he’s entirely honest, John has no idea why Sherlock likes having him around. That he does is obvious, he doesn’t just pull John with him on cases because he moves so fast that John is drawn along, caught in some kind of gravitational pull. Even though sometimes it seems that way.
“They’re not all the same,” Sherlock says, getting up and brushing the lint from the floor from his trousers. He gestures at the work stations. “This one’s oven takes one entire minute longer to get to 180. These three are too close to the tent flaps. Every time somebody opens one, the temperature fluctuations will interfere with yeast dough. These are too close to the lights, ice cream will melt faster, as will anything chilled, or any delicate decoration. This station is the one with the least amount of temperature fluctuation, and the fastest heating oven. The only drawback was the fridge, and I’ve remedied that flaw. Now if you want to go tattle on me, you are free to do so, otherwise please leave me alone, I’ve got work to do.”
John looks around at the rapidly dispersing cast and crew. “Wow, I really know how to clear a room,” he says.
“Two minutes,” Mrs Hudson yells, and Sherlock starts a bit.
The back door opens.
He wraps his coat more tightly around himself and shifts to a more comfortable position on the sack of grain that’s currently serving as his seat.
Sherlock looks away, and John glares down at his hands, angry with himself because there’s a lump in his throat and he feels a powerful sadness, mingled with bittersweet nostalgia.
John draws back a bit, looking equally bewildered and amused. “They are? Really?”
“Of course. I’ve never met anyone who could remotely do that,” John says, awed. “How did you do it?”
“Well, if you’re not about to transform into a fifteen-year-old baking a cake to tell your crush you like them, I doubt that the quality of your life will be affected by your lack of this skill.” Though he’s heard worse ideas than little rainbow hearts for hidden design cakes, it has to be said. It’s difficult, requiring differently coloured sponges and geometric precision. Intriguing. But definitely not something John should even attempt.
“Fine. Then. Off you go, I guess.”
“Oh for God’s sake, John, stop patronising me!” Sherlock snaps. “I
“They always do, don’t they? Remember when you broke that window on press night, and we got raving reviews because the critics thought you cleaning up the glass was the best gag they’d ever seen,” Molly says.
“Gents,” Billy greets them with a nod and an impudent grin.
Sherlock dismisses the thanks with a wave of his hand and grabs the thermometer. He puts it in John’s ear, and looks at it when it beeps. “38.6.”
“Exactly.”
Sherlock shrugs as best he can with both hands on the wheel. “You did ask.”
The blood is very red and the brain matter is very white.
Mike waves him in and John sits down on the only other chair in the tiny office. Mike looks terrible; red-rimmed eyes, unshaven, tired, his skin has a clammy, pasty look that worries John. “You all right?”
Gently, he nudges Sherlock’s uninjured shoulder. “Sherlock.”
Sherlock hides his eye-roll and gives her a grateful smile. Anything to win, even if she’s spouting sentimental nonsense.
John sits down and tries very hard not to shake to pieces. His hands are cold. He can’t seem to catch his breath. Sirens. Why are they so loud?
“Wow,” John finally says. “This is amazing! You have to do this!”
It’s pleasant, and peaceful, and Sherlock lets himself enjoy the moment; for once his brain feels placid and sated.
Sherlock doesn’t know what to say to that, so he takes a sip of his stone-cold coffee. It’s still better than the aftertaste of this conversation.
When Scotland Yard has taken custody of their prisoner, they’re told to go home and get dropped off at a convenient pier. They stumble off the boat on unsteady feet, the ground too solid after the rocking of the river.
this city intensely.
The loaves don’t need to prove, thank god, otherwise Sherlock might die from boredom. It’s bad enough that they need to bake for an hour. The bakers all scatter after the loaves are in the oven, and Sherlock goes outside for a much-needed breather, while the rest of the bakers all make their way to the catering tent for a bite to eat.
50 grams citronat finely chopped
“There’s an abandoned village not two miles from here. The entire population of that village vanished on the night of November 1st, 1918.”
“Oh, but I do. Mrs Hudson is old; her contributions to society are mostly in the past. DI Lestrade is a police officer. Death in the line of duty is a risk he willingly accepts. But you... you, Dr Watson, are my brother’s blind spot, the one person about whom he cannot be rational.  If not for you, he would have shot Moriarty in the head and walked away.”
He checks his watch. Five pm. John should be here any minute.
He turns back to Sherlock, who’s looked up from his microscope and is staring at them, frowning. “See you later at home?”
Mary grins at Sherlock. “Charmed. Silk or linen?”
“First challenge: Eight-strand plaited loaves are difficult to do, and our bakers will need all their concentration for this one.”
“Mistakes?” John asks quietly, leaning next to Sherlock on his workstation.
He nods, briskly, acknowledging John’s unspoken point that it is absolutely none of Sherlock’s business what John does with his life. “Sorry, I….”
“I never know what you come up with when you’re bored,” John says, holding his hands up in a disclaiming gesture. “Remember the time during the Baskerville case when we were looking for that damned dog in the middle of the night in a foggy bog and you told me about the likelihood of being bitten by an adder and statistics about deaths from snake venom?”
he wants from Sherlock. “Anything.”
Sherlock looks up from his microscope and stretches out his back.
“No.”
Before them, a massive stone circle rises from the mossy ground. The stones are ancient, half fallen down, and yet still form a perfect circle.
The judging goes swiftly for once. Most of the loaves are competently made, but few stand out. The sweet loaves almost all contain some sort of dried fruit, except for his and Molly's. Molly grated marzipan into her dough and Sherlock used honey-glazed hazelnuts. The judges love both, but Molly's sage, sun-dried tomato and Buffalo mozzarella is just that bit better than Sherlock’s goat cheese and plums, so Molly wins.
Sherlock’s eyes slip closed, and when he speaks again, John can barely hear him. “The pool. Moriarty. Only this time I shot at the bomb and we ran, and ran, and ran.”
“It’s a city,” John says for what seems like the hundredth time as they slowly make their way towards the city gates. “It’s a god-damned hidden city right in the middle of bloody Devonshire, and I’m pretty sure that’s not Exeter, either.”
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “Really, John, you know every impulse we have is based on our brain sending chemical signals to our body, so I experienced a chemical malfunction in my brain that made me react…. inappropriately. It won’t happen again.”
John buries his face in his hands and wishes the earth would swallow him whole.
“Come, then,” Lya says, and the two fairies turn around and walk into the forest, clearly expecting them to follow.
There’s a knock on his door. “Dinner!” Molly yells, and Sherlock sighs. Then he thinks of John, who’s probably already downstairs, waiting for him, and Sherlock closes his laptop.
Sherlock shrugs and tries valiantly not to blush. “Nothing. Irene likes to think she’s very clever.”
“Nothing, they’re completely fine,” Sherlock says, rolling his eyes.
John huffs a laugh and shakes his head. “Be prepared.” He holds up his hands. There’s a packet of lube in one hand, and a condom in the other.  “So.” John looks at Sherlock and smirks. “Pick one.”
The reply comes almost instantly.
Essentially, two of Vienna’s most famous cafes fighting over who has the right to call their Sachertorte the “Original”. The story is a lot more complicated than John let on, but long story short, Sacher won, and if you think that this doesn’t matter, they outsell Demel 2:1 when it comes to Sachertorte. But I do think the jam in the middle version is better, so good for Cafe Sacher, I suppose. (Full disclosure: I have never been to either Cafe Sacher or Cafe Demel, because they're super expensive, plus Cafe Demel is really
No. Needs too much time proofing.
“I see dates. Is that Earl Grey you’re soaking them in?” Mrs Hudson asks, inhaling the steam.
There’s too little air in here. The drone of the heavy bombers is clearly audible through the ceiling. John can’t breathe.
“I need to do a proper autopsy now,” she says, a pretty clear signal that they’re supposed to clear out. “I’d also like to look at your ribs, John.”
“Fuck indeed,” Sherlock agrees, and John snorts a laugh, an unattractive sound that’s ridiculously endearing.
So he engineered for John to be handed a note by a member of his homeless network.
But all the way back to the tent, he feels John’s eyes on him, and when he looks at him out of the corner of his eye, the expression on John’s face is wistful, almost sad.
“Yeah, I don’t feel so good. Can we wrap this up?”
“What if there is no fixing it? What if he’s gone for good?” Mycroft says, calmly, but with an air of disdainful condescension. “You don’t need him anyway. Emotional entanglements aren’t useful, Sherlock. They’re the precise reason you’re here, in a shabby hotel, instead of your own home. You could have just killed Moriarty and walked away, if you didn’t have people. What’s the point of all this? What’s the
Emma grins at him cheekily. “You might not care, but we do. You two’ve got a bit of a dynamic duo vibe going on, the audience loves it. Good for ratings. You don’t want to know how much mail we got after Monday’s episode when John said he was bi and single. And the social media interaction has been insane.”
Sherlock’s estimation of just how bad an idea this is goes up from slightly to profoundly the second he enters the pub, portable cake dome in hand, and sees John’s face as he notices Sherlock. The multitude of complicated emotions that filter over his face is difficult to parse, and Sherlock realises that having him here is probably the last thing John needs right now.
So this is it, you guys. We've reached the end.
Sherlock thinks of the text he got from his brother after the scene with John, one line that just read,
The cold air hits him like a welcome slap in the face. It’s good to be moving, good to be outside, where no empty spaces mock Sherlock with a well-defined absence.
“Excellent,” Sarah says. “Let’s have a picnic.”
When John comes back (Sherlock doesn’t know why he comes back), the sun has risen. Sherlock is sitting in the living room with his violin out. John doesn’t say anything, just settles down in his chair with his laptop and a croissant. He puts another one on the table before Sherlock. Sherlock eats it even though it tastes like ashes and sand. Then he plays Mendelssohn.
Except Sherlock. Sherlock never seems to be nervous, never seems to have doubts that he’s going to be perfect. Sherlock rarely makes mistakes. Things go wrong, of course. The odd thing is, in the rehearsal room, Sherlock can be a pest about things going wrong, actors messing up, props not fitting, wardrobe malfunctions, but during performance, Sherlock rarely minds, and John knows it’s because Sherlock is fascinated by the unpredictability of theatre, its immediacy, and John knows because it’s the reason he loves theatre himself.
Better.
“Are you implying we burned it down?” John asks, incredulous.
He’s smoking his second cigarette of the day and he’s unabashedly waiting for John. He’s got his hotel key in his pocket, but he knows the chances of him actually making it to his room tonight are less than fifty-fifty.
“The what?” Sherlock frowns.
Tip: Make sure the icing isn’t too runny, otherwise it won’t stick to the sides of the Punschkrapfen. If you’re making them with alcohol, add two teaspoons of rum to the icing. Also, the icing should be really thick. The best thing about Punschkrapfen is that first bite and cracking the icing.
“I don’t have time for amateur baking hour, John, so kindly get out,” he snaps.
See you Saturday. And thank you.
“Sunday, why are you asking stupid questions?”
“Legal or baking?”
He leaves out the back door, and finds Sherlock leaning against the wall next to the kitchen. “Ready?”
“Bakers, you have two hours for the challenge. On your mark, get set, bake.”
Sherlock hands her a vial full of the greenish powder. “I’ll make more, if you like.”
“No. But it doesn't matter where they'll send me next, it'll be just as bad, and I doubt Father will leave me at Musgrave Manor for long.” He sighs, a deeply frustrated sound. “Oh, what I wouldn't give to be an adult and to make my own decisions.”
“When people find out I’m a vet, that I was shot, they usually get a look. Something between guilt and pity. You don’t have that look.”
John follows Sherlock's gaze to the cane. "How would you know?" he asks, and he sounds just a touch defensive, but mostly genuinely curious.
“Say, Watson, does Sherlock seem… odd to you?” Billy asks.
“The Chinese on Marylebone Road, the one with the dim sum,” John adds.
Sherlock looks up at the ceiling and considers. Eight months will be tough, and he’ll miss John. On the other hand, he has always wanted to play Mack the Knife, he’s got some interesting ideas what to do with the character…
“It’s out of bounds,” John reminds Sherlock, but they both know he’s just protesting so he can blame Sherlock later when they get into trouble, which they most certainly will.
The words are kindly spoken, but Sherlock feels them like a punch in the gut because they’re completely true.
He pulls the trigger.
Somehow, that wink galvanises John into motion, and he runs down to the kitchen to raid the storeroom. He returns not five minutes later with bread and some cold ham, and a half pint of milk.
This year, his mother has decided that rather than staying in their country home in Yorkshire and summoning her sons there, she’d descend to London, rent an entire floor of the Savoy and host a gigantic Christmas party to welcome her lost son back into the land of the living. Sherlock has no doubt that she was the one person Mycroft chose to tell about the exaggeration of the rumours of his demise, as evidenced by her total lack of surprise at his reappearance, but she still chooses to pretend that she didn’t know, just to guilt him into doing things for her. Like coming to her party.
And all the while Sherlock is dumbstruck, lost for words, lost for thought, as John takes him apart and takes something from Sherlock he obviously needs, and Sherlock lets him, lets him have it all. Whatever John wants, he can take it and welcome to it, and Sherlock tries to say this without words by meeting John’s rolling hips with his own, by kissing him back like the world is ending, by biting his neck and panting into his ear and running reverent, greedy hands over John’s body.
“I’m not sure,” Sherlock admits.
The cab stops in front of 221, and they get out. Sherlock pays the fare and Mrs Hudson unlocks the door. They stand in the foyer for a moment, then Mrs Hudson pulls him in for a fierce, long hug.
Mrs Hudson shrugs. “I don’t think I can answer that, dear. I think many of them are good, and some of them might not be, just like the rest of us.”
John grits his teeth and reminds himself of the many reasons he’s never liked Irene very much.
He’s not at the clinic, and Wiggins hasn’t seen him. John considers walking along the river, but dismisses it, and decides to look in the obvious place. Home.
John blinks at the woman he almost ran over; she’s apparently on her way out the door. She hands him a filled-out questionnaire, and John drops it automatically on a pile of clipboards by the door.
During setup, Moriarty strolls by. “Good luck, Sherlock,” he grins. “You’re going to need it.”
Sherlock doesn't have time to answer, because the two – for lack of a better word – fairies have landed right in front of them and are pointing their crossbows straight at them.
“How did they reopen the Gate? We were told it’s impossible, that the knowledge was lost,” John asks, remembering the young Fey’a boy who told them this after the Gate was supposedly destroyed.
“Have you ever had pizza?”
“If you mean that in a ‘Will reality collapse into a black hole of nothingness if I don’t do this now’ way, no. If you mean it in a ‘Is this something that needs to get done as soon as possible’ way, then yes.”
“The ducks. At the small pond.”
6 eggs
Sherlock is standing at the window, back to John. He’s holding his violin carefully away from him, as if to dissociate himself from the instrument, and John wonders for the millionth time why Sherlock is so very, very cautious with his heart, not only with sharing it, but with its very existence.
John stretches and Sherlock turns his head to look at John. “Finally. I thought you’d sleep all day.”
Sherlock looks away and focuses on the camera to reduce the temptation of John’s smile. “So. Verdict. Are you ready?”
The moment breaks when Sherlock looks down, blushing ever so slightly, obviously embarrassed. “It's just a cake, John.”
“So what’s the story with this place?” John asks as both their doughs are resting in the fridge.
“Feverweed, yes, I heard, and I’m not completely stupid.” Sherlock rolls his eyes. He reaches behind him for a vial with a greenish powder. “Try this on one of the sicker ones, you know, one of the ones you think might die.”
Then he goes back to his raspberry jam.
It’s good. Light, airy, lemony yet still sweet with the chocolate icing and the raspberry jam filling. The assembled bakers around the table all nod in approval, except Harry, who frowns at the cake. “It doesn’t taste like I remember it,” she muses, frowning at the cake. She looks at Sherlock suspiciously. “Are you sure you followed gran’s recipe?”
Sherlock comes back to Baker Street after 456 days, and John is gone.
For a moment, the silence in the kitchen is very loud, ringing with the reverberations of Sherlock’s torrent of words. Sherlock bites his lip and looks down at the rabbit, apparently suddenly self-conscious.
“Pot-kettle,” John says, smiling fondly at Sherlock. “So. Last night.”
“Charming chap, your ex,” Mary deadpans, and John huffs a laugh.
The judges come back in, and all conversation ceases as the director calls them to order.
John gets in about a quarter before midnight. He’s just a bit on the happy side of drunk; his rugby mates were in a generous mood this evening, and he didn’t refuse the pints they put in front of him.
They give him a contact in Kiev.
Also, he can’t remember the last time anyone’s touched him for more than a few seconds at the time, and all this contact, this warm body-skin-hair-breath so close to his own, all so freely given, so unconsciously generous, well, it sends a quiet shiver of pleasure down Sherlock’s spine.
“Did you manage eventually?” Irene asks, giving him a saucy grin.
The first week after he Fell was objectively the worst week of his life.
Mycroft looks at his hand for a long time, then takes it and shakes it, firmly and sure. “I know I won’t.” He hesitates briefly. “What are you going to do about John Watson?”
“Coming up on five years now,” Victor answers, wistful and proud at the same time. “You?”
But John was right. Sherlock isn’t being logical. He’s terrified. Caring isn’t an advantage. Caring destroys people. Caring is trusting another person with your happiness. Caring means you can’t walk away.
“Are you done yet?”
“And what does one do for fun on Broadway, backstage? Play cards? Watch TV?”
Mike gestures at his head. “Like I said. Mad.”
Just before they round the corner to Baker Street, John grabs Sherlock’s wrist and pulls him around to face John. “Hungry?” he asks, smiling that cracked, mad, brilliant smile Sherlock remembers from their very first night together. The question, echoing Sherlock’s that night, when they were walking away from a crime scene, makes Sherlock remember the rush he felt when he realized that John had killed for him, that John was capable of killing a man at this distance this precisely and then standing around the crime scene as if he’d just incidentally stumbled on it. The moment when he realized just how extraordinary John is.
Sent: 6:22 am
“Go on, then,” Sherlock says, desperate to get back to the safe ground of arousal. “Start without me.”
“Don’t worry, you’ll be back in here before you know it,” Sherlock murmurs into his hair, as always seemingly able to read John’s mind.
The rest of the judges make agreeing sounds as they taste the cakes.
“I’ve been told to let you know that one of our sponsors want to have a chat with you. They’re impressed with your social media numbers, and they expect interaction to go up after the mini-Bake Off you did with John.”
John hears him, and slowly turns around. Sherlock notices the gun in his hand, and the torch, both of them pointing directly at him. He lowers both when he identifies Sherlock, hands steady, perfectly still, and that alone tells Sherlock how tense John is. His eyes are wide and so very blue, even though Sherlock can’t see this right now. John in moonlight looks like a sepia version of himself. He also looks tired, and shell-shocked, and like he has no earthly clue what to say. Which is pretty much exactly the way Sherlock thinks he must look, because it’s how he feels.
Sherlock grimaces. The other two flats in the building have been empty for a while now. Mr Chatterjee keeps the ground floor flat for his daughter Nyra, who’s doing an Erasmus year in Rotterdam, and 221c has a mould problem.
Mid-day traffic isn’t too bad, and they’re out of London in good time. John falls asleep against the door before they even reach the end of Baker Street, hopelessly wrinkling his shirt, but Sherlock doesn’t have the heart to wake him. The shower, coffee and strudel somewhat revived John, but a 12-hour shift is a 12-hour shift and John often complains about how he’s really too old for A+E night shifts. But there’s a spring in his step when he goes to work, so Sherlock doesn’t take his griping too seriously.
They got out, of course. Sherlock shot at the bomb, and John pushed them into the pool like Sherlock knew he would, and then John dragged him out and saved his life (again) and got him to the hospital.
“He’s telling you all your life stories from the way you tie your shoelaces?” Lestrade guesses, and Adriana grins.
John looks up and smiles at him tiredly. "Hey. Congratulations, that cake was amazing. I tasted a bit and it was really delicious."
He grabs Sherlock’s arm as he turns to go. “Sherlock.”
The all-night cafe is lit by ancient neon lights that wash the colour out of everything. Not that the decor could be helped by better lighting. Beige walls, small, cracked, ugly formica tables, plastic chairs. It’s a depressing place, neon sign in the window flickering on and off.
“I’d kill for a pint of bitter,” John sighs.
Sherlock nods. “Of course. Anything left in there you need to get?”
John shrugs. “One of them said her stomach hurt. One had a funny little rash, but that could’ve been the fever, both times.”
“You obviously haven’t seen the video where I made a bottle explode using only baking soda and vinegar,” Sherlock observes dryly.
John is self-aware enough to know exactly what’s wrong with him. And it isn’t that he misses the war. Mycroft Holmes, for all his brilliance, is full of shit on this one. Nobody misses wars. He doesn’t miss the killing, and the good people dying around him, he doesn’t miss giving screaming, dying men morphine to make them pass more easily. He’s not that fucked in the head.
BAKE OFF BAKE OFF
Sherlock leafs through the book, finds the page, takes a picture and sends it to John.
“Do you want a ride to the train station?”
“You soaked your dates in tea,” Sherlock says. He’s having a hard time getting the words out over the lump in his throat.
John waves to the other boys and sits down opposite Sherlock, helping himself to a large portion of porridge.
John nods. Wordlessly, Sherlock helps him sit up and take the pills, holding the water glass for him.
“Plenty, but nothing that we can do anything about right now, so I can tell you after breakfast, if you prefer.”
Sherlock hums a yes. Kettle, cupboard, fridge, cupboard again. Spoons clatter into mugs. A symphony of all of their years together.
Sherlock is about to snap that he doesn’t know any bakery owners about to retire when it hits him that this isn’t entirely true.
“Congratulations,” he says. “Fatherhood suits you.”
Sherlock smiles, relieved and not caring that it shows. “Good to know.”
“What a ride. I can’t believe it’s only been three months since we first walked into that tent in September. I can safely say that I’ve never had this much fun in my life.”
“Anything,” John whispers, kissing him back fiercely and intently, fingers winding into Sherlock’s hair. “Anything.”
John turns and looks at Sherlock with an eyebrow raised questioningly, and Sherlock has no idea what he wanted to say other than
Twigs break, there’s a rustling, a torch sweeps through the woods. A muffled curse.
Finally, he swallows and washes the cip down with the truly awful hot, caffeinated beverage they have the nerve to call tea. He sets the cup down and says, quietly, “Can I ask you something?”
Harry snorts in amusement and rummages around in her pockets for a badly crumpled pack and a lighter. Her hands are still trembling slightly, and she’s not too steady on her feet. “Help yourself.”
The backstage door opens and John goes back into the green room to see whether the fire inspector is early today.
John swallows. He has a bad feeling about this. “And Joe found him?”
“You said I was recently bombed,” John says, feeling a little bit like he’s been hit by a freight train.
Sherlock nearly kisses John right then and there, nearly throws him against the wall and mauls him, because he’s missed him so goddamned much. He doesn’t. But he makes a decision, right then and there, that he will. Soon. Life is just too short to be a coward much longer.
Kitty nods, smiling. “Of course. Mrs Higgins, the housekeeper always gave us Land Girls treats on Sundays after church.”
The tent is big and white, reflecting the moonlight, making it easy to see in the darkness of the surrounding park.
Sherlock?
John grins at him smugly. “Told you. Although, I like whipped cream, and if purtybitches is willing to travel…”
The ride back to London is mostly silent, which Sherlock appreciates. The radio plays soft classical music and John doesn't try to switch the channel.
John nods, and his amusement fades. When he looks back at Sherlock, his smile has turned wistful and a bit melancholy. “You do that.”
“Did you tell the Watch?”
Sherlock’s memory of their second kiss is somewhat fuzzy, but he supposes he can’t be blamed for it under the circumstances.
Above their heads, about twenty feet ahead, two creatures hover in the air between the crowns of the trees, gossamer wings keeping them afloat. At first John thinks they’re human, but as they slowly descend, he sees that they’re smaller, lighter, more graceful, with large eyes of earthy colours, hair the shade of trees, greens and browns, and skin in warm natural colours as well. They melt perfectly into the trees, and John is sure that neither he nor Sherlock would have seen them if they hadn’t chosen to reveal themselves.  Both of them are holding small but well-used and dangerous-looking crossbows, and both of them are glaring at them suspiciously.
Sherlock looks critically at the picture. A simple sponge, cut into squares. A bowl with something that looks like a darker cake batter soaking in something or other, and a small pot with something pink in it. And all of it crowded together on a small, ugly, brown workspace. He can see a small oven in the background, and two hotplates.
“Sherlock’s showing off,” Seb says, and there’s a slightly nasty undertone in his voice.
John takes that in, then he looks at Sherlock speculatively. “Who do you usually have sex with?”
“I did,” Sherlock admits. His voice still won’t quite work, so he sounds like he’s been strangled.
John looks at him as though he expects Sherlock to say something, and when he doesn’t, he continues, soldiering on, body tense and straight and very nearly at parade rest. “This could be our last night together.”
“And me?” John asks, eyes on Sherlock.
John picks up. "We're done," he says instead of a greeting.
“What?” Mary asks, leaning forward to get another piece of the poppy seed cake.
“It’s all right. No better and no worse than any other place where I have to endure the presence of fifty other pubescent boys.”
“Anything else? John saved you from dropping your bake today.”
John finally enters the tent about half an hour before shooting commences, looking stressed. Mary enters directly behind him, looking equally stressed.
“See you later,” Sherlock finally says, and turns to leave.
About fifteen miles outside of Kiev, Sherlock pulls over into an abandoned petrol station’s car park and joins John in the back seat.
He blinks his eyes open.
“Probably,” Sherlock agrees, then he leans his head back and closes his eyes, listening to the whirring and creaking of the elevator as it adjusts to hanging in mid-air without moving.
John runs his hand through his hair. This is going to be a very long run.
John shrugs. “It was dark, and the forest is dense.”
There’s an almost audible release of tension in the tent as everybody goes back to work.
he thinks.
“Thanks,” John says again, and there’s a smile in his voice now, and Sherlock realizes he’s said all that out loud. “Good to know that being drunk disables your already malfunctioning brain-to-mouth filter completely.”
He lets John go when John nods at him, and Sherlock arranges his scones and the jam on his cake stand in a sort of John-Watson-induced trance.
Sherlock shrugs. “I was bored and lonely. Not a good combination.”
He can’t even imagine what it would be like if John wasn’t here.
She looks around her furtively. “Not here. Come on.”
Occasionally, he’ll check the monitors or the charts, but it’s perfunctory; he knows what’s wrong with Sherlock, after all. What’s wrong with Sherlock is that John’s wife shot him through the chest.
That last one fills him with a warmth he can now easily attribute to the remnants of the drug cocktail he shot himself up with to figure out whether Moriarty was still alive. The results were satisfyingly conclusive, but if he’s honest with himself he isn’t entirely sure it was worth the effort. He’s already given Moriarty too much of his attention, too much room.
“If it helps, I like you enough for all three of us together.”
“Apparently, the Gate exploded.”
Together, the three of them enter the set for the last time.
Since Bart’s.
“John,” Sherlock says, quietly, hating himself a little for the quiver in his voice.
John nods, mostly to himself because Sherlock isn’t paying any attention to him any more.
“Probably best to delete the thread at least,” Sherlock says and crawls back into bed.
John all but drags Sherlock out of Lestrade’s office and into the street. Sherlock is muttering under his breath about how it’s a wonder Lestrade or Donovan manage to get dressed in the morning.
He could let John go now. He’s gotten used to not having him around. It was a little bit like getting used to only having one leg, or chronic migraine. But he could do it now.
Sherlock swallows heavily and somehow can’t bring himself to look away from John’s eyes. They always look even bluer under the headlights in the tent.
Mr Chatterjee, Sherlock’s landlord and former owner of Speedy’s cafe, walks in. Sherlock nods at him in greeting. “Tea?”
They’re halfway to London when John says, “You should phone Janine. You need a solicitor for this.”
For a moment, Sherlock hesitates. He dislikes having to make conversation with people he barely knows. On the other hand, he is hungry, and it’s still raining, so he has to either brace the rain or order something on his own, and both seem too much trouble right now. So he nods and follows her downstairs.
Sherlock gestures between them and back at John. “Exactly.”
Maybe they should go out to dinner. Angelo’s, maybe. Or that Chinese at the end of Baker Street with the good dim sum. Or the new Indian place around the corner; Sherlock would very much like to see their Tandoori oven. They could walk through Regent’s park first, and Sherlock could show John some of his favourite places to forage for wild blackberries and rosehips. Then dinner. Then maybe ice cream, there’s a lovely new place down by the Thames that Sherlock has been dying to try out and…
“She was friends with Violet Jones, and I bet anything you’ll find that she died of the exact same poison. That’s not a coincidence,” John points out.
Sherlock, holding the killer at gunpoint, gives John a quick side-glance. “All right?”
“Good.”
“What do you mean by more?” Mary asks, leaning in. Sherlock figures that John must have an excellent view of her cleavage from where he’s sitting. To his credit, he ignores it and answers her question.
“You’re mad,” John whispers, but it’s more to himself, because he realises Jim doesn’t even see him any more. Also, it’s difficult to argue with the logic of what he’s saying. Sherlock’s restless, relentless search for anything that actually challenges him has stalked them both since they got here. Before, even, he thinks, remembering a twelve-year old boy dissecting a rabbit at three in the morning. Anything not to be bored.
“Yes, very good. Can you tell me what day it is?”
Finally, Sherlock says, “John?” into the darkness.
His heart pounds, and his breath comes short, and he’s flooded with an intense, almost painful kind of
Sherlock stops kissing him.
For a while, they just sit there, quietly, and Sherlock thinks that maybe he should go, maybe he’s intruding, but he can’t bring himself to leave John alone like this.
John shrugs, because, yes, pretty much.
Sent: 3:24 am
Untypically for him, Sherlock complies without arguing, which tells John how rotten Sherlock feels.
But instead of his usual sense of accomplishment, he just feels oddly empty.
“If you’re not, you’ll still be you and we’ll all still love you. But you’ll be back, you’ll see,” Sherlock says, dropping a kiss to the side of John’s neck.
“Watson,” Irene answers with a knowing smirk at Sherlock.
on repeat in his head.
Separate the eggs, then cream the butter, the sugar and the egg yolks. Mix the poppy seeds with the citronat, add the juice and zest of one lemon, and then carefully fold into the butter-sugar-yolk mix. Then beat the egg whites until stiff and carefully fold in.
“What exactly are we doing here?” John asks, slightly out of breath from climbing through the window.
Inspired by real life... I'm sorry, honey.
Sherlock has a reputation of having a nearly perfect memory. And while this is undeniably an advantage in a profession where you need to memorise not only a lot of text but also scene blocking, songs and choreography, it does have its drawbacks. Namely, when Sherlock goes into his mind palace, he can recall every single line of dialogue he has ever spoken on stage, but he can also relive, in perfect detail, the exact moment he broke John Watson’s heart. The look on his face, the expression in his eyes and the words he spoke.
“You probably know the odds of this thing crashing,” John says contemplatively. “Right?”
“Was he?” Sherlock is playing nonchalant, but John can see he’s highly interested, even fascinated. “Tell me a little about Jim. Seeing as you’ll kill me anyway, it won’t matter.”
“Did you have to make me watch?” he finally asks, the one question that’s been perlocating on the top of his mind for the last 24 hours.
Ginger nods at him grimly and presses something into his hand. Something long and cold and made of metal. “Got a feeling you might need this.”
“All right,” Sherlock agrees, wondering vaguely why John wouldn’t want anyone to know, but not caring enough to ask.
“The hut you hid out in during the Baskerville case,” John counters.
“You don’t have to tell me any of this, if you don’t want to,” John finally says.
John isn’t quiet. Sherlock doesn’t mind.
John looks at Sherlock and gives him a small, sad smile. “Good night, Sherlock.”
@johnwatsonsblog.co.uk
John grins. “Wasn’t trying to be. So. Girlfriend? Boyfriend? Both? Husband, wife, three adorable kids?”
John hums a vague acknowledgement, and it irritates Sherlock, because he knows it means John has something to say he’s not sure Sherlock will want to hear. “What?” he snaps.
He dismisses the question with a wave of his hand and scans the recipe, drawing a few obvious conclusions.
The heavy stage door opens and closes, and two sets of footsteps follow the path he has taken.
He goes to therapy next morning and when his therapist asks how he is, he just says, “Fine.”
Sherlock is still watching the crowd. “Yes, yes,” he says and lets himself be dragged along by John.
“I’ll let you go.”
“Dead no longer than six hours, I’d say, though the water makes it difficult to be sure,” Molly finally determines, straightening and turning towards Sherlock. “Cause of death probably poison, but I need to run some tests to be sure.”
Sent: 5:21 am
John didn’t blink. He’s unabashedly half-naked around Sherlock the way he never used to be. They sleep in the same bed even when they don’t necessarily have to. But Sherlock likes having John at arm’s reach, and John has been hovering and fussing over him more than he ever did, so he thinks the feeling is mutual.
Sherlock lets go of him.
“Mother,” he says, smoothly inserting himself into the conversation, “Mycroft is teasing the Bishop of York again.”
Sherlock, who’s been sitting quietly with a far away look in his eyes, immediately gets up and starts pacing. “First, the Watch were able to match our killer’s fingerprints to ones found at Kitty’s crime scene, so they can tie him to the murder. Second, they went through his things and found out his name is Jefferson Hope, British Army Infantry. He has a ration book from 1941, so we can safely assume he came here in that year.” Sherlock pauses for effect. “He’s also dead.”
“Don’t mention it,” John says over a gigantic yawn.
“So you won’t think I’m a coward?” John answers, hesitantly, looking down at his book.
“Comfortable?” he asks quietly.
“About fifty,” Mike says around a mouthful of bread. “All boys, old Musgrave only takes boys. He’s even hired a tutor for us, but he’s on holiday right now, so classes are suspended. Thank God. He’s a good soul, old Dimmock, but he’s such a bore.”
“You’re quite welcome, my boy, I’m gratified if my collection is of interest to anyone.”
Sherlock tries to focus on the face. John. Watson. Nice smiles. Smells of tea. His eyes are very blue, and his face is very expressive. He might also be the only fixed point in the universe. He certainly seems so now.
And John just waits him out, lets him arrive at what he still needs to say in his own time, patiently leaning against the doorframe.
Only of course it was stupid, so stupid, to think that John would wait. Of course he moved on and found somebody else, and the only reason it didn’t occur to Sherlock is that
John looks at him thoughtfully, and Sherlock’s smile fades. He puts a chip in his mouth and chews slowly, all the while watching Sherlock with that appraising look.
Molly hands him a plate with the scones John baked last night. “Here, have one. They’re excellent.”
Moriarty is pacing back and forth, occasionally throwing a hostile glance at them. Finally, he stops by their table and glares. “I notice you two aren’t as
“What if nothing happens?” John asks s as they walk out of the city and follow the now familiar route to the forest.
For a while, they watch each other silently, and John, as usual, has no idea what’s going on inside Sherlock’s head. Then Sherlock says, gently, “John. Go home.”
“I don’t think staying here is an option,” Sherlock says. “And there is this,” he adds and pulls the lodestone out of his pocket. “It led us to the Gate on our side, might as well do the same thing here.”
heavily implied, if possibly only for John’s ears. He glares at Mary for a moment. “If you’ll excuse me, I want to get out of this polyester monstrosity.” With that he sweeps out and leaves the three crew members alone.
Good night, John. - SH
Mary snorts. It’s an ugly sound, devoid of humor. “Like Sherlock cares about Rosie.”
“Calm down, Watson, it’s going to be alright,” he mutters into her hair, and slowly she settles again. He clings to her a bit longer, her small, warm body, her baby-smell, and he’s shocked to discover that he’s missed her, nearly as much as he’s missed John. Maybe more, because she loves him with an easy, uncomplicated self-evidence that is hard to replicate with a grown-up. She only knows that he’s a warm, familiar body who’s been there for most of her short life, and he takes as much comfort from her instinctive trust as he gives her.
And he certainly isn’t rehearsing how to play this in his head. He hasn’t, has not tried out several first lines to Sherlock in his head. He’s definitely not going back and forth between Hello, Hi and Good Afternoon, Mr Holmes. No, definitely not Mr Holmes. Pretending they don’t know each other won’t work.
“I have to ask, what’s it like baking right next to him?”
“Welcome to Musgrave Manor, boys,” the gentleman says to them, shaking each of their hands in turn. “I’m Charles Musgrave.”
Mike’s obviously too drunk to understand John’s words, but as he slowly wakes up, he sees Mary’s prone form on the ground behind John, and he turns an alarming shade of green. “Oh god,” he mutters and stumbles out into the courtyard to be violently ill.
“What are you nostalgic for, then?” John asks, taking a sip of his tea. He’s looking at Sherlock with a genuine, open curiosity that makes Sherlock feel warm all over. He isn’t used to having someone’s undivided and non-judgemental attention. Most people are put off by his bluntness, but John seems to enjoy it somehow.
Sherlock comes out of the dressing room, holding his phone charger, and they look at each other in silence.
The second time, when Sherlock shot at Moriarty’s bomb, John pushed Sherlock into the pool, then dragged him out, got his heart to beating again, got the bleeding to stop, hauled him out of a burning building, made sure he went to the hospital for treatment, and slipped painkillers and antibiotics into his tea (which Sherlock drank without protest, even though John was sure he knew exactly what was in it).
Sherlock frowns at John’s workstation, in lieu of the actual man. Whatever else John Watson may be, he’s also a very competent baker.
Frustrated, Sherlock grinds his half-smoked cigarette into the gravel with his heel and picks up his equipment. Time to go home.
Sally sighs. “Poor Mitzy. I still think the best part of the story is how Mike argued with our accountant whether the mouse was a prop or a performer.”
He hears the smile in Sherlock's voice when he whispers, “Likewise.”
Sherlock’s about to follow when his way is barred by his brother. Mycroft is wearing his usual three-piece suit and is carrying a stick instead of an umbrella, and there’s a serious expression on his face. “Progress?” he asks without any preliminary pleasantries.
Sherlock’s phone dings, and he picks it up to look at it. “I need to get going,” he says, obviously reluctant.
John’s almost tempted to smile back. “What else?” he asks.
“More like for you, me and blowjobs,” Sherlock mutters and smiles when John almost stumbles out of the car with laughter.
, so he nods, just once, but he feels some of the tension go out of the air between them.
It would be so easy. Run after him. Hand on his shoulder, apologise for the words he didn’t mean. Kiss him. Ask him to stay.
“Sherlock Holmes.”
“Ouch. How old were you?”
When there’s really no earthly excuse to stir his coffee anymore, Victor sighs. “I think I owe you an apology.”
“I’m serious about this, Mycroft. I know I’ve been... “
There it is. Now Sherlock has to actually say it.
Mycroft looks at him, deeply sceptical. “Have you discussed this with him?”
“Billy,” John says, quietly, trying to keep the tremor from his voice. “That’s my dad’s watch. He… he died, not long ago. Sherlock and me, we’re not from here. We can’t go home. It’s the only thing I have left of his.” He swallows. “I don’t even have a picture,” he adds, looking at the floor so he doesn’t have to watch this street-wise hard-shelled boy eye him suspiciously.
John watches the performers, Sherlock mostly watches the people coming and going, occasionally whispering a deduction to John.
He's dozing fitfully in his chair when his phone rings.
Again.
“Not as long as they think you’ll break,” John agrees. “So you need to give them something. Soon. Before they break you for real and you give them everything.”
“Was there anything in particular you wanted?” Sherlock finally stoops to asking, after letting the silence sit for as long as he can bear it. Which is always shorter than Mycroft, god damn him.
“It was pretty jarring,” Molly says, and all heads turn towards her, except for John’s, who’s keeping his eyes on his beer, uninterested in seeing the expression on Molly’s face. He’d seen it enough at the time. Bewilderment, and then a horrible, humiliating sort of pity. “One day I caught them snogging in the broom closet, and literally the next day Sherlock was gone. He’d talked Mrs Hudson into letting him out of his contract early. He was lucky, he wasn’t part of the cast that was performing, and it was near the end of the season, we could re-cast his part in the play we were rehearsing from the company, but it was a shock to all of us.”
Anything else? - SH.
He comes with a strangled moan, and wastes no time sliding down John’s body and all but yanking his pants down to swallow down his cock with hungry desperation. He greedily takes in John’s cock, the noises he makes, the way he yanks on Sherlock’s hair, the stutter of his hips, the taste of him when he comes with a strangled moan down Sherlock’s throat.
He looks over at Sherlock, who’s already lying on the couch, fingers steepled, thinking through the day.
“Our last showstopper challenge, I can’t believe it. How quickly time passes. Seems to me we started only yesterday, but the trees are bare, and the air is cold, and there’s only four of you lot left.”
Peggy always let him help with the cooking and the baking, until his mother discovered it, and got Sherlock his first chemistry set so he could, in her words, “learn something useful while messing around”. Sherlock loved the chemistry set, but he didn’t understand, and still doesn’t to this day, why he wasn’t allowed to view the same principles at work because the results were edible.
“It’s been pretty bad the last two shows, and this time it’s the worst it’s ever been.”
John is tired and still a bit nauseous from their extremely bumpy flight from Marrakech, and all he wants is a cup of tea and a good night’s sleep.
Sherlock is proud of himself for a) remembering how to walk and b) his self command of
Sherlock quite logically deduced that living with another person would make life easier. He never considered that living with another person could make life this much
John looks extremely sceptical, but he takes a few steps closer and puts an arm around Harry’s shoulder. “I thought you’d quit,” he admonishes, but there’s no heat in his voice.
Jim glances over at John and gives him a tiny, smug smirk.
“Your diet isn’t working.”
The cab stops and Mary pays. John gets out and takes a deep breath of the cool night air. It was pleasantly warm in Morocco. That’s the only positive thing he can say about the trip.
John presses a gentle kiss to his brow. "We'll make it home. Together. I promise."
Sherlock remembers nothing except warmth and vibration and hitched breathing and colours and kissing John.
“Well, Marie, I think they’ve all got an excellent shot. Sherlock always surprises, but both Molly and John will surely give him a run for his money.”
“Are you going to say anything?”
John kisses him again, slow, deep, hungry kisses that wipe Sherlock’s brain clean of thought, the way only exquisitely expensive illicit substances can, and sometimes baking.
Most of the other bakers close oven doors roughly at the same time as him. John’s is already in the oven. He smiles when Sherlock looks over, looking a little flushed, but there’s a sparkle in his eyes that Sherlock recognises, it’s the knowledge of a job well done.
The lift arrives, and they both get in. John presses the button for the lobby.
“What is it?” he asks again, because Sherlock hates pubs, and having drinks with mates, and he doesn't even usually acknowledge birthdays.
They’re kissing like the world is ending and greedy hands pull on clothing to get to skin. Sherlock shivers when John’s cold hands ruck up his shirt to dip under it, and it’s only partly from the cold.
Addictions are funny things, really.
When he gets back to the theatre, the stage hands have arrived, and Mike is actually in his office.
Ironically, the thought that he needs to be there for Sherlock now is somewhat comforting. It’s something he knows he can do. Making sure Sherlock Holmes lives is John’s default setting, after all.
“Some complaints?” Sherlock asks, scanning the room for the workstation with his name on it. “Or was it just Jim and he was really loud?”
The night is cool and perfect after the heat of the stage and the crowded bar they had the afterparty in.
He wets his lips, preparing to speak, but whatever he wanted to say gets lost as his train of thought is derailed by Sherlock’s eyes dropping to his lips, just for a second. For a moment he thinks that Sherlock will kiss him again, that he is thinking about it, and he wonders what it will feel like, this time.
John sets down Sherlock’s tea on the end table. He looks at Sherlock and smiles, then leans down to tuck a strand of hair away from Sherlock’s forehead, a gesture so unthinkingly tender, so self-evidently intimate it makes Sherlock’s breath hitch.
Sherlock opens his eyes and looks into John’s, dark blue and open and so beautiful, and Sherlock can’t help himself, he yanks John down for a kiss, and they’re kissing sloppily, panting into each others’ mouths as John pushes all the way in.
Sherlock nods and lets John go, painfully aware of his own reluctance. “Come on, they’re filming the judging.”
“My coworkers are sick of me bringing bakes into chambers,” Janine says. “I never thought this day would come.”
Sherlock walks out of the tent as soon as Glen yells cut and calls a break to set up for the food porn shots. He keeps walking until he can’t see the tent anymore and leans against a tree for a much-needed cigarette.
She only notices him when he slides into the seat across from her. The eighteen months since he last saw her haven’t been kind to her. Her hands are shaking in a way that has nothing to do with cold, and her eyes have a furtive, desperate edge that wasn’t quite as apparent the last time they met.
“Can’t,” he pants. “Could be work.”
Sherlock decides the best course of action is to change the subject. “Are you going to lecture me on the many ways smoking kills?”
John is silent for so long that Sherlock thinks he’ll just leave now, and Sherlock simultaneously wants him to and wants John to see through his bullshit and just kiss him until he relents and says what he wants to say, which is
Sherlock takes what he feels like is his first real breath today.
John goes cold all over. He glances at Sherlock, who’s got an inscrutable look on his face. It’s tempting, that offer. Say yes and Jim will send them home. Forget Violet, and Kitty, and who knows whom else, just pass through the gate and be home again.
The man looks down at the file in his lap. “You were apprehended about five miles from Devonshire, near a place called Musgrave Manor. Do you know what is special about Musgrave Manor?”
Sent: 2:30 am
The dead woman they pulled from the wreckage is lying on the autopsy table, and Sherlock's seated in his makeshift lab. It's obvious from the state of the corpse that she's been dead for at least two days.
Sherlock looks up and apparently decides that it’s pointless to argue, because he actually stops, sits and eats. Grudgingly, glowering, but he does it. John can’t help it, he smiles. “I should mark this day on the calendar somehow. The day Sherlock Holmes did as he was told.”
John nods, looking slightly stunned.
Then John rolls up his sleeves and starts making biscuits. Sherlock joins him at the counter a few minutes later, starting on his second batch of the mini-quiches.
“What about John?”
“He failed once, what makes you think he won’t fail again?”
And he has a decision to make.
Sherlock swallows, mouth suddenly dry and an odd tight heat in his belly. “Later.”
@thescienceofbaking
, and alive, and curiously taller.
Sherlock smokes his third cigarette in two years when they break for tea in the afternoon. The day was gruelling, because most of it was spent on rehearsing the scene where Adriana vomits all over the stage, and by the end of it they were all exhausted and nauseous.
John rubs a tired hand over his face and looks at Sherlock, still so very calm. “What do you want from me, Sherlock? It’s been five years.”
There’s something in Sherlock’s voice John doesn’t like. A little bit of… glee, for lack of a better word. Intrigue. Fascination.
That in itself is such a rare occasion - everyone knows he prefers to text - that he jolts awake, heart beating, adrenaline biting into his sore muscles.
Sherlock nods lazily. “Obviously.”
“Indeed.”
As Sherlock leafs through the book again, he realises that what he holds in his hands isn’t just a recipe book. It’s a slice of John’s childhood. A few recipes were amended in English, substituting ingredients and correcting baking times. Nearly every page is decorated in some way. Stickers of dogs, of cars. Crayon drawings, mostly of cakes. A few recipes that were clumsily torn out of magazines and glued lopsidedly onto empty pages. A picture, used as a bookmark. It’s a faded snapshot of an elderly woman and two children sitting in front of a birthday cake, lit with seven candles. One of these children is obviously John, he’s grinning broadly into the camera, showing an impressive tooth gap. The other child must be John’s sister, she looks about three years older, and from the resentful boredom on her face, it’s obviously not her birthday. The elderly woman is also smiling into the camera, and she’s got an arm around each of the children. She’s a small woman, but her wiry frame speaks of a lifetime of hard work.  The three of them are sitting in front of a small formica table in a drab little kitchen. The entire decor and the faded, brownish quality of the photo dates easily into the seventies.
“Hm.” John shrugs. “I… I don’t know, actually,” he says. And the truth is, he doesn’t. It’s not something anybody’s ever told him, it’s just… “I’ve never even heard of men being…having that kind of relationship, so I just assumed it doesn’t normally happen, I guess.”
He doesn’t exactly know why he’s sitting here, at the sleek, modern, entirely soulless bar of this sleek, modern, entirely soulless wellness hotel. Mostly, it’s because he doesn’t know what else to do. Oh, he could go up to his room and answer YouTube or Instagram comments, or write a blog post. But he’s feeling a bit antsy, like there’s a surplus of energy running through his body right under his skin, and he doesn’t know how to get rid of it. Or he does know, but that door has closed firmly behind him.
“Yes.”
“I was too late to get into the underground station,” John says, suddenly, urgently needing to explain his panic, defend and justify himself. “You get used to it, down there, you know. Seems unreal. Sirens, bit of a rush, darkness. The adults trying to distract you. I even fell asleep more than once. But that time, we were too late, and my mum took me to a neighbours’ house who had a bomb shelter built in their backyard. It’s different, this far up. Everything was louder, and nearer.” He swallows. “Two bombs hit the street. We could feel the ground shake. There was screaming, and fires, and when we finally dared to crawl out of that shelter, everything we had in the world except the clothes on our back was gone.”
Brilliant idea. Sherlock does.
“No. Not from him,” Sherlock says.
“Let’s just say I’ve got a few new ideas for my YouTube channel.”
Sherlock looks up and gives him the patented
John doesn’t even ask for what. He just nods, and follows Sherlock outside into the slowly darkening city.
He tries to focus on the source of the sound. A face comes into view. He knows this face. He likes this face. He smiles. It’s a strange feeling, like his face might break.
Sherlock jerks his head outside, and Moriarty gives him a little smirk and a nod.
It occurs to John that he can’t accurately remember when he was last at the house. The last few days were so busy with the case that he just came right here after work, and Sherlock has been picking up Rosie from kindergarten for the last two weeks at least.
He looks at Victor’ face in the second picture and it occurs to him that he doesn’t know anything about the man this boy has become in the six years since he last saw him, shooting up on a dingy mattress in their awful, messy sitting room.
It should be awkward. He should be too old for this. What it is, though, is warm and good and comforting. He likes the way Sherlock smells, like carbolic soap and boy sweat.
Sherlock stares at the blackboard some more.
Mycroft sets down his cup in the saucer and sighs. “Reality television, Sherlock? Really? Why?”
“Jim quit?” John repeats, incredulous. An actor walking out of a production this late is almost unheard of.
What makes the real difference, though, is that Mycroft has no conscience whatsoever. No perception of right and wrong. No respect for human life. No boundaries. No lines he won’t cross.
Sherlock smirks. “You love it,” he mutters.
, and a man steps out into his field of vision, smiling at John nastily, snorting a laugh at the pain on his face.
Finally, Sherlock stops. John actually walks a few paces ahead, then realises that Sherlock is no longer with him and turns around.
“More biscuits?”
Sherlock is about to argue, but John shuts him up with a look and a quick, “Yes, sir. of course.”
He rubs a tired hand over his face. “Didn’t you hear who they hired to replace him?”
John feels his face heat up when he realises the direction this conversation is going in, and he’s sorely tempted to flee the room immediately, because talking about this with Billy was embarrassing, but talking about this with Molly might make him combust with shame. “Is this the ‘it’s not wrong for two boys to kiss’ speech?” John asks, trying not to sound like a croaking, insecure teenager, which is challenging, because it’s exactly what he is.
“He’s a bit of an idiot, don’t you think?” Sherlock answers, voice still a bit unsteady.
Sherlock smiles back, heartbeat picking up noticeably. “Oh, I’m sure I’ll think of something.”
John is warm and he smells good, and his bed is comfortable. He’s also fast asleep, and Sherlock is severely tempted to close his eyes and let John’s even breathing, the warmth of him, lull him into sleep as well.
Sherlock, still lying on the floor beneath Violet’s bed, makes an inquiring noise.
He sets the bread to prove and feeds up his sourdough starter before putting it back into the fridge.
“Sherlock?”
Sherlock texts back immediately.
“John!”
He admits to himself that it’s tempting to not bother with this boring mess of a show anymore. The theme for next week is nostalgia, which is so trite that Sherlock was glad that nobody saw his impressive eye-roll when he opened the email. The technical is Battenberg cake, and the mere thought of that bake is enough to make quitting seem like an excellent idea. He also has no idea what to do for the showstopper, since nostalgia is a feeling that he never indulges in, and that no period of his life remotely instills in him.
“Your lungs, mate, and your taste buds.” John raises his hands in a disclaiming gesture. “If you…. what the hell…”
“Why should we?” Sherlock answers in passable Feyara.
Today was oddly anticlimactic. After initial awkwardness, John apparently decided to do his best to act normally, and if their interaction was more formal and less obviously flirty than before, nobody commented on it.
“Sod off, Irene.”
Stunned, John gapes at her for a few moments, then asks, “How did you figure it out?”
“You look good,” Sherlock says, smiling slightly at John’s obvious discomfort with the compliment.
Sent: 6:01 am
“God, for somebody who never eats, you certainly weigh a ton,” John huffs.
“Sherlock!” John calls out just as he’s about to turn around and go back inside.
The story’s quickly told. John carefully omits any mention of Billy Wiggins’ name, or any hint of pickpocketing, but he tells Lestrade they were told the gate might not be as closed as they previously thought and how they decided to see if that was true. He tells Lestrade about the fire, the explosion and the Fey’a, and Lestrade listens without interruption or follow-up questions.
Lestrade and Moran praise the taste and the whole effect, but Sherlock can barely hear them over the rushing in his ears, because he meant to make John smile with the little winking inside joke, but John doesn’t look amused and charmed, he looks sad and a bit ill, and Sherlock realises that he made an
John takes Sherlock apart with ruthless efficiency, hands on Sherlock’s hips to draw him closer, and all the while he makes these incredibly erotic greedy little sounds, and Sherlock’s brain is wiped blank of thought, time loses all meaning, his entire awareness centers on John’s mouth, and his hands, and his eyes, boring into Sherlock’s like he’s trying to consume him through sheer will alone. And the thing is, right now, Sherlock would let him, and thank him for it.
John sighs. “I’m so angry with you I could spit.”
“That proves exactly nothing,” Sherlock scoffs. “I didn’t do it because I felt sorry for you or anything, I did it to prove I was right.”
“Ireland,” Sherlock whispers to John, and John nods, having come to the same conclusion.
Takes place between THoB and TRF
Sherlock spends the next ten minutes dry-heaving over a waste paper basket.
“Can we get on with this? Some of us have lives,” Irene says, gesturing at the cakes.
The three of them break apart, and Molly moves away, but Sherlock has a hard time letting go of John, hand lingering on his arm. John smiles at him a bit sadly. “Congratulations.”
Sent: 3:35 am
John relaxes visibly. “I’ve had friendlier exchanges with the Taliban,” he mutters, and Sherlock snorts in amusement before he can help himself.
Sherlock looks up from checking his email at the less-than-inviting spread. But he knows he needs to eat; this day is far from over. “Which one do you think has the least chance of giving me food poisoning?”
Mrs Hudson looks at Lestrade. “Greg?”
@thescienceofbaking
“Why would I?” the man says, moving to the work station next to Sherlock’s. “You took the trouble to get here first, you did reconnaissance and took advantage of the fact that the rest of us are lazy sods who slept in and had a cuppa before showing up here. So if anything, I commend your work ethic.”
“This is your place of employment.”
So they eat the cake, and John blows out his candle, and Sherlock says, “Happy Birthday,” while looking at John like he's the only person in the world worth talking to, and John actually feels a lump in his throat, because Sherlock's the only person John would want to be with right now. In any world.
“No. Well…” he tips his head at John.
“What do you want me to say, John?” Sherlock bites back. “It's not like you didn't know what I’m like. You knew from that first night.”
And John as a friend, flatmate and partner in crime(solving) isn't entirely the same as John as a partner in every sense of the word. One who has the right to demand things from Sherlock. Honesty, secrets, intimacy. All the things Sherlock isn’t sure he can give.
Sherlock’s eyes snap up to John’s face, as if gauging his sincerity, and apparently he’s satisfied with what he finds there, because he says, “It’s idiotic to keep a house you don’t like.”
“Why don’t you take this workstation, then?” the man asks in the same mildly curious tone.
“No.”
Sherlock watches the house in silence and tries to pretend that he isn’t thinking about what Lestrade said.
Music. Lights. He’s on, and once again the immediacy of performance wipes his head of any thought other than the next line, the next action, the next cue. He gives himself over to the moment, and as ever he feels oddly free, and buoyant, and outside of himself.
“Do not worry,” his guard says. “We will take care of your friend.”
The loaves are resting on the workbench and the scones are in the oven by the time the front door is unlocked. Sherlock can hear the familiar sound of the shutters opening. The bell over the door dings.
“Come on, where’s your sense of adventure?” Sherlock nudges him with his elbow, still not taking his eyes off the two descending figures.
“Work with me and I’ll send you home?” Sherlock guesses with a shrug.
Cool hands push his aside and lift his under-shirt up, rubbing the ointment onto the bruises on his back, and John goes entirely still. It's a little too rough to be entirely pleasant,  but the unfamiliar touch still makes goosebumps rise over John's entire body, and he twists his head to look at Sherlock, who is frowning at the bruises, holding up John's under-shirt with one hand and applying the salve with the other. Sherlock’s touch is almost clinical, but it still seems like he can feel every individual molecule of Sherlock’s skin touching his. Sherlock’s hands are cold. It's oddly pleasant.
“… given him something, I don’t know what.”
This is a John Watson who doesn’t love him anymore.
Finally, Sherlock drops his hand and steps out of the metal ring. He lets his gaze wander over the clearing. “What are we missing?” he mutters. “There must be something we're missing. Why did it work yesterday and not today?”
John is quiet for a moment, too overwhelmed to speak.  After nine years, he’s fluent enough in Sherlock’s version of English to hear the unsaid
Mrs Hudson’s smile turns almost predatory. “Now, dear,
“John.”
John grins at Sherlock and congratulates him, and then goes to comfort Dimmock with the rest of the contestants, save Irene and Moriarty.
Nobody knows where is save Mycroft, and he’s not telling.
He’s also wearing glasses. Thin, horn-rimmed glasses. Somehow, that little, insignificant detail hits Sherlock like a sledgehammer. Sherlock has never seen these glasses before. He’s been observing John’s deteriorating eyesight since the moment they met, but he’d estimated that it would take at least two more years for it to become so bad that John would stoop to actually seeing an ophthalmologist. But apparently, sometime during the year Sherlock was gone, John’s eyesight deteriorated enough for him to get glasses. Of course Sherlock immediately wants to pluck them from John’s nose and examine them in detail, and a whole catalogue of questions develops in Sherlock’s brain. How strong are they? Does he have contacts? Does he need them to read? To work? To drive?
“Neela?”
The old man shrugs. “I liked Kitty, and I felt sorry for her. Anyway, it didn't really matter, because the lodestone is a fake.”
Sherlock shushes him, annoyed. John snorts a little in his sleep and shifts against Sherlock.
John smiles at him, looking fondly amused. “Shall I leave you two alone for the night?” he asks, gesturing at the recipe book.
“Yes, and my great-great-grandfather. Handsome, wasn’t he?” Mrs. Hudson talks on about them, entirely oblivious to John’s clammy hands and racing heart.
“We’re in a parallel dimension, obviously,” Sherlock says, indignant.
"Don't mention it," Sherlock answers, and John closes the door and Sherlock drives off towards home, and the strange feeling of peace that he normally only ever gets when he weighs ingredients or whisks egg whites or watches batter rise slowly dissipates with the faint smell of cinnamon, sugar and John's aftershave.
John grimaces. “Not really. But. You know. Conscious. Still.” He holds up the cup of bad coffee. “This has got to do me for now.”
“Yes, please, it seems to work very well,” she says, and her smile grows more genuine. “Thank you, Sherlock, you’re doing good work here.”
He comes up with nothing.
“Then why is she dead?” Rosie asks, clutching her beloved Piglet closer.
The memory brings with it a flash of sensory associations. The smell of old sweat. Daylight filtering in through lacy curtains and a window streaked with dirt. A well-known voice, slurring hateful words.
Mrs Hudson cuts in. “Jim quit.” She looks over at Greg. “John’s right, we don’t have time to waste. One of our lead actors just walked out of the production, we have twelve days to press night. I’m open to suggestions.”
Sent: 6:20 am
“For what?”
And if there were a cure, Sherlock wouldn’t want it. Because for as long as he has John Watson, he wants to feel like this. And if he ever stops having John, he will want to feel strung out and miserable and like the world is ending, because it very probably will be.
Sherlock is hot, and listless, and bored, bored, bored. So very bored. He wants to sink into his Mind Palace and disappear.
“Don’t do anything rash, Sherlock.”
John shovels the rest of his plate down at record speed. “Let’s go, then.”
Kitty looks down at her hands. “We said we didn’t have any money, but he told us he’d collect on the other side. We thought he meant…” she makes a vague gesture at her body, “You know. But he didn’t touch either of us. He just led us through and showed us the way to the city. And then he left us. We thought he’d never come back, we thought he might’ve been a Good Samaritan, but then about three months ago, he suddenly appeared again. He got Vi that cleaning job at the Watch headquarters. He got me the job at the museum.”
“Then,” Sherlock says, “we’re going to figure out a way for you to forgive her.”
“I’ll go check on Rosie,” he mutters.
“I don’t know, it wasn’t that bad,” Sherlock argues. “It had hot water of sorts and an indoor toilet.”
Sherlock looks at him and gently puts a hand on his shoulder, squeezing once. John has the ridiculous impulse to turn into Sherlock and bury his face in the folds of his coat, wrap his arms around his friends’ lanky frame and just breathe. But he doesn’t, of course, because he wouldn’t. He just nods and Sherlock removes his hand and they step into the light and make themselves known to the two police officers.
“It’s all right.”
The next few contestants are the usual amateur bakers, nice, normal people, mostly in their thirties and a bit older. They come in and set up and chat and look nervously at the cameras and each other.
to know.
He catches his own reflection in a shop window. It’s an unfamiliar sight. He’s smiling.
“Then what else happened? You said yourself there was no evidence of violence. How did somebody force her to drink poison?”
He tries to imagine what that would be like. How he’d come home, and Sherlock would be there, playing the violin, or puttering around in the kitchen with some experiment or other, or pouncing on him and telling him a long-winded theory about what the brand of cigarettes they smoke says about people. Or Sherlock would take one look at him and crawl into bed with him, undress him gently, kiss him while their bodies moved together…
“That’s one word for it.” He turns around and watches John as he gets up and takes out the containers of Chinese food he brought.
Silence falls. John looks up at Sherlock, who looks stunned.
John’s eyes go soft , and it sends a shiver of
“Charming as usual, darling.”
“That’s it?” John asks, finally turning around to face Sherlock.
The rest of the cast rise to their feet, and John straightens from where he was slouching against the doorframe of the kitchen.
“Worth the wait,” John mutters, and the feel of Sherlock’s laughter against his body is almost better than the sex.
“Knight to F6,” John says, and Sherlock can hear him fiddle with the buttons of the phone to move the tiny stone there.
“You should have your own YouTube channel. “Baking unpronounceable Austrian oddities with a side of soppy gran stories”.”
Something inside Sherlock – something akin to hope – deflates. “Then what do you want, Harriet?” he asks, already losing interest in the conversation.
John is asleep in a chair beside his bed.
He endures three interviews, then excuses himself because he needs to get ready for the performance. Feeling oddly unsure whether or not he imagined the events of this afternoon, he makes his way backstage. He literally bumps into John, who’s on his way to the foyer. He doesn’t stop, but says, “Can’t talk, fire inspector.” But he gives Sherlock a brilliant smile, and Sherlock feels better immediately.
“I don’t know about that.” John gestures uncertainly between the two of them. “I never really thought this whole just sex thing would work, and I got into it anyway. So. That’s on me.”
Sherlock smiles at him, softly. “Well, all right.”
“Taste isn’t rational, Sherlock,” John answers, and Sherlock knows he’s not talking only about the cake anymore. “Not everything has to make logical sense.” He smiles at Sherlock and takes another bite of his cake. “This is still delicious, you know.”
“You’re risking your life, do you realise that!” Sherlock had yelled.
“Yes, thank you,” John lies through his teeth and accepts a second mug of tea.
You did not specify this. You just wrote ‘Add raisins’. And your ingredient list just says ‘raisins’.
John looks away again, hand rubbing at the phantom ache in his leg, an automatic, unconscious gesture. “Don’t for a moment think that I don’t know what you were trying to do in that aquarium.” His voice is quiet and harsh and angry. “You knew she was going to get violent, and you drew her attention so she’d shoot you and nobody else.”
“How is he?” he asks. He knows that John’s kipping on Harriet’s couch after he stormed out of Baker Street three weeks ago.
“Well,” Mrs Hudson says, “who’s today’s winner, then?”
“What about your posh git brother?”
It’s noon, and he’s just baked another batch of them and is seriously thinking of just flinging them at the wall to see if they’ll stick.
Sherlock’s phone chirps, and he looks at it briefly. Mycroft. Again. He’s been texting Sherlock for three days now about an audition for something or other, and Sherlock has been ignoring him, because Mycroft knows he’s in tech and should leave him the hell alone.
Sherlock shrugs. “Not really. I find detective stories slightly less dull than other literature, but I prefer reading about forensic science and real police investigations. Mr. Musgrave has some interesting volumes on the subject.”
Sherlock gives her an insincere grin, then flips her the bird. Everybody laughs, and then John claps his hands. “Point well taken, though, Irene, let’s get on with this before we lose the light.”
He watches John come out of the catering tent with Mary, Janine and Molly. They’re standing around, getting some fresh air. Molly checks her oven timer obsessively, and Janine and John tease her about it. Their laughter is carried to Sherlock by the wind, and he feels odd, standing aloof, listening to them and not joining them. None of them has spotted him yet, standing there, watching them.
John breathes out an audible sigh of relief, then picks up the watch with trembling fingers. He lovingly lets his fingers run over the name inscribed, so similar to his own.
Sherlock’s hands are shaking when he opens the door to his flat. John would find this incredibly flattering if he had any room for feeling anything other than nervous anticipation. He wants to get this right, so much, and he knows Sherlock feels the same.
“So did you find out what killed the rabbit?” John asks as he starts to eat his porridge.
Harry hiccups a laugh, and Sherlock can see now that she’s far more drunk than he realised before, because she’s leaning on John with most of her weight. She looks at Sherlock as if she’s re-appraising him and gives him a lopsided smile. “Maybe I do see it,” she says softly, and Sherlock swallows around the sudden lump in his throat.
The judging is so boring that Sherlock has a hard time stopping himself from fidgeting, and in the end it’s a three-way tie between Sherlock, Irene and Jim, with John and Molly close behind.
He’s in Karachi as a war correspondent and Sherlock gets punched in the face again. They don’t see each other again. Sherlock goes back to London alone.
Five place settings have been put before five chairs. The settings contain two slices of Sachertorte on dessert plates, two dessert forks and a glass of water, to cleanse the palate between tastings.
“And let you go on killing?” John says, moving over to stand next to Sherlock. “Like you killed Violet and Kitty?”
“What it is?”
John shakes his head and gives him an embarrassed smile. “Hey, it takes two to snog. So. You know. I’m sorry too.”
John shuts Mary up with a look. “Anyway, we,” he makes a vague gesture with his fingers, “you know.”
“Most people only see, I observe,” Sherlock simply says and returns his attention to the rabbit.
“Sherlock.”
Clearly uncomfortable, Sherlock pats John on the back twice, then clearly has no idea what to do.
Sherlock swallows hard, and John can see his pupils dilating. “All right,” he says, and John’s incredibly smug about the tremor in his voice.
“After yesterday’s bake, the field is wide open. Bakers, on your mark, get set, bake.”
He can’t say it. This is between him and Sherlock. Sherlock would be so embarrassed…
Molly won this round, her first win, to her great surprise and nobody else’s. Her loaf was perfect. Sherlock’s, Irene’s and Moriarty’s were perfect too, but the others all had issues. John’s was decent but not perfect, Janine’s was underbaked, Neela’s didn’t rise properly, and Mary’s was an unmitigated disaster. If she doesn’t shape up for the showstopper, she’s going home tomorrow, and Sherlock won’t be sorry to see the last of her. She’s subtly flirting with John, and it sets Sherlock’s teeth on edge, even though a) John has so far shown zero interest in her and b) it’s not like he’s in a position to complain even if John did flirt back. The irrationality of the sentiment doesn’t stop it from existing, however, and it’s one of the reasons why Sherlock avoids emotional entanglements.
John huffs, a tiny sound that’s stuck between a laugh and a sigh. He looks at Sherlock with a mix of sadness and amusement. “It doesn’t count. Forget about it.”
“Your move,” John says, holding out the phone.
John isn’t nervous. He is not. He’s not checking his watch every twenty seconds. He hasn’t checked that all props are pre-set to Act 1, Scene 1 a thousand times. He isn’t suppressing the urge to pace. He isn’t leafing through his book with unwarranted fascination. He’s not ignoring the rest of the cast who are lounging around in an after-lunch-break-energy-low sort of way, waiting for Sherlock Holmes to arrive so they can run through the play with him for the first time.
“I told you last night, I don’t sleep with co-workers.” A short pause. “Anymore.”
Ashes. Oh, a cigarette.
Wait, is that Sherlock Holmes? From the show? Are you two dating? Oh my god, you are, aren’t you? Tell us everything! Take pictures!
Under the fluorescent hospital lights John looks like he’s been dragged through a wringer. Sherlock watches John’s face, his worried, tired, very blue eyes, and isn’t capable of saying anything at all, because somehow they always end up here, him in a hospital bed and John worried, and if he was a better man, he’d ask John to leave, to walk away, to find a safer life, a safer person. But he isn’t a good man, and he doesn’t want John to leave, ever, and so he says nothing, and John doesn’t leave Sherlock’s hospital room until Sherlock does, too.
Sherlock shrugs, because he agrees with Harry on one point: He can’t quite see why John is in love with him either.
Everything stops.
John moves gently, slowly, and Sherlock can feel John’s body adjust around his cock, and it’s so good he nearly comes right away. He runs his hands over John’s thighs, his chest. John traps his roaming hands and just breathes for a moment, adjusting to having Sherlock inside of him. Sherlock holds completely still, fingers interlaced with John’s, and waits, even though he wants nothing more than to thrust up onto the tight heat of John’s body.
“It was just a chemical reaction,” Sherlock answers, gesturing at his head. “Brain chemistry malfunction.”
This is how it starts. With fire and sirens, blood and tears, fear and the stench of burning buildings and charred flesh.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “God, you’re so annoying, you always have to eat.”
“Fine.” He gets up and pauses in the doorway, looking back at her, sitting in their kitchen, woolen cardigan wrapped around her against the cool night air. “Mary.”
Sherlock stops playing, and the silence is nearly deafening.
Sent: 3:39 am
“Oi,” John cries out before he can help himself. “That sixteen-year-old is the most brilliant person not only in this room but every room he’s ever been in, and the smartest person you’ll ever meet in your life, and if your pride and your stubbornness prevent you from listening to him, then every single person who gets killed while you sit on your arses instead of looking for the killer he tells you is out there is dead because you’re not doing your bloody job.”
He’s lying on the prop sofa with his eyes closed, fingers steepled under his chin, and John knows that he’s running through the play. For Sherlock, rehearsal is happening in these minutes, in his head. The rest of the day is for the other actors.
The thing is, Sherlock
“Fuck,” John breathes into Sherlock’s ear. “The mouth on you…”
He pulls his notebook closer. Now how to make sticky toffee pudding interesting enough for television…
John huffs a dry, humourless laugh. “Full marks. Well done.”
“What did you make instead?” Molly asks.
tired, too.
He wakes up shaking, disoriented and alone. He gets out of bed and slowly, with faltering steps makes his way towards the bathroom. His room is near the back stairs that lead down to the kitchen and up to the servants’ quarters.It’s the middle of the night, but he can see the light from the kitchen illuminating the stairs with a faint glow.John’s hungry, and thirsty, but most of all, he’s alone and doesn’t want to be, so he makes his way down the stairs.He’s unsurprised to find the kitchen occupied. He is, however, very much surprised at what he sees.
After setting up for rehearsal, he goes to get Greg from the steps of the stage entrance, where he’s sitting having a pre-rehearsal smoke.
“Fair enough,” Mrs Hudson says, patting his elbow. “I’m sure you’ll explain to us all what your competitors did wrong in another one of your delightful videos.”
“I need your help.”
It’s all the permission Sherlock needs. He would like to strip John naked and touch him all over, drive him insane with his tongue and his mouth and his hands, and maybe he’ll get to do all of this later, but now he needs to
Sherlock snaps back to the present and Lestrade, who’s standing in the middle of the set. He briefly tracks back through the conversation he was listening to with one ear. Lestrade was explaining the way he sees the characters, and amazingly only half the things he said were stupid.
“Let’s just say if I didn’t win today, I’m not going to win tomorrow.”
Sherlock frowns. “Why are you telling me this?”
It’s his mother.
“Souffles. For the competition.”
John’s mouth twists, sharp and bitter and sad. He nods, and reaches for the kettle. “Tea?”
“Apple pie, obviously,” Sherlock says, and he would have liked to leave it at that, but Mrs Hudson is looking at him expectantly, so he elaborates. “I’m doing a lattice crust and a crumble topping between the lattices.”
, and ten minutes later, the homeless population of Marylebone and Belgravia are eating scones and macarons. He carefully records their criticisms and sends them on their way.
“Well, given that you spent the last two years letting me grieve, you can fuck right off,” John bites, surprised by how swiftly the anger is back, how brightly it burns. He hates himself for the way his hand trembles and his voice almost breaks.
“I knew it!” Sherlock suddenly yells, and John almost jumps out of his skin.
“Who calls you that?” Sherlock asks, and he doesn’t mind that his amusement is clearly audible in his voice.
glad I’m back, you haven’t done a very good job of showing it.”
John walks in, still wearing scrubs. He gives Sherlock a tired smile and comes over to the workbench. “Morning,” he says, voice gravelly from lack of sleep.
“It was his choice, not mine,” Sherlock points out, relieved that his voice sounds neutral, matter-of-fact.
John finishes his pasty and then cocks his head to the side, considering. “I couldn’t really taste the apple. Maybe more? And it was a bit dry. Adding more apples should take care of that as well.”
John swallows around the lump in his throat and with it the words on the tip of his tongue. What he wants to say is,
Mycroft smiles, and this time it seems genuine. “No,” he says gently. “I was just trying to get you to realise that you already have.”
John opens the door to their flat and predictably stills. Sherlock doesn’t look at him yet, closes his eyes to focus on the sounds he makes. It’s interesting how sometimes John can pull Sherlock’s entire attention to himself without doing more than stepping into a room.
John huffs a laugh and shakes his head. "No idea what that bloody means," he mutters and grabs his duffle bag. "So, axe murderer I've just met, where's your white van stocked with candy?"
Sherlock shrugs again. “His pasties were good. Pretentious, but good. It’s intricate work, making pastry dough look like ravioli, and I suppose he deserved to win for that.”
John just nods, wishing he felt as confident about it.
They’ve been texting back and forth for the last few days. Nothing has been said that is worth repeating, but John has answered every time, and that alone is a promising sign. He’s also started writing in his blog again, and Sherlock has been gobbling up every word, about John’s day, his lunch, and how annoyed he is by Harry. It’s more information about John than he’s had in a year, and it’s making Sherlock greedy for more, more, more, so he’s been spending his days combing back through older blog entries from last year and trying to deduce as much from them as he can. He’s so far resisted snooping around in John’s email account, but the episode with the glasses has brought it into stark relief that he missed an entire year of John’s life, and he wants to know what John has been doing with himself. He hopes that John will start actually talking to him again before he succumbs to the temptation of hacking into John’s laptop.
Something cool is pressed into his hand. “Drink the whole bottle, or you’ll feel like death warmed over in the morning,” John says, perching on the edge of his bed.
They exchange a look and walk on.
And maybe it’s because he’s so very tired, or maybe it’s because life is so bloody short, but for once in his life, he lets gravity take him, and he tilts forward until his head is resting on Sherlock’s uninjured shoulder. Slowly, tentatively, Sherlock’s arms go around him, and then they’re pressed together, Sherlock kneeling between John’s thighs, holding on tightly and just breathing. And John makes a decision, there and then. No more hiding, no more tiptoeing around this thing that is between them, that neither of them ever had the courage to call love. Well, John is a soldier after all. Once more into the breach, and all that.
