problems.”
Tony shakes his head.
“I can’t see you drowning your sorrows, Cap.”
“He’s out, walking.”
As usual, comments on how you think the characters and plot are playing out are l o v e d!!!!
because Tony can’t remember exactly at what point in the night he had got them. Maybe just from struggling.
Rhodes nods, like he’s said something very wise. Steve thinks, this is the After. Uncharted territory, and they’re just glad to let someone else take control.
“Yeah.” He smiles, uneasy, wraps his arms around himself. “I’m tired. I mean – I want to, obviously, I always want to. We can,” he adds, already regretting his spontaneous act of self-control, “if you want. I’m sorry, what am I saying – I come here, dead of night soaking wet, eat your food, pass out on you…” he lurches forward, to start crawling onto Steve’s lap.
“You just said you were tired,” Steve points out, and Tony screams his protestations, and curses, and sobs, into his chest.
“Tony would want it. He would want to know you were safe, somewhere. That you were with us.”
He’s tucked his head between his knees, hands gripping his hair as tight as they can (subversively, Steve notes that Tony’s physio must be going well), and makes this low, groaning noise from behind clenched teeth. Steve twists, reaches out a hand, and Tony snaps, starts kicking the back of Sam’s chair over, and over, and over. Sam cries ‘watch that!’ but Tony keeps kicking, balling up a mixture of rage and panic and throwing it out through his feet and into the passenger seat.
"You try working in a garage and we'll see -- " Tony hisses "God, you're clever."
“No,” Diana says, “you’re not.” And Tony remembers that his lover is in fact dead.
“Oh sure,” someone giggles, “to strangle them.”
“Tony,” he says, materialising at his side, flanked by Fury and Rumlow. “Thank God. I knew you would come.”
“I wish you had stayed dead,” Steve says, voice hollow. “I’m so sorry Buck. I wish — I wish.”
“Where are your friends, Tony?” Ty mocks him. “The Captain loves you so much he went off and left you with another alpha, an ex no less.”
"He may be, one day. I see it in him."
Ah, crap. What was this guy’s name again? Tony’s an expert at mnemonics, it’s practically all they taught him at school; the alpha has a beard, a beard is an omega or woman that alpha and beta men use to cover, Bruce is a beta with an alpha fetish, Bruce is Hulk, the Hulk turns green, and so –
But God, does that ache. He wants it, too. He thinks about a kid from his belly, who looks like Steve, and when he thinks about all those years stretching out in front of him it doesn’t scare him. If anything, it fills him with
“But I want him,” Steve croaks. “I need him.”
Tony squares his jaw.
“Do you love me?” Steve had murmured, sun in his eyes.
“No!” She screams at him, and protects the corpse with her body, shields him. “No! No one! Just – “ she takes his hand, shuts her eyes. Steve peels back. He thinks,
Tony jerks his chin. “What do you think?” He asks. “Is it worth it?”
“It’s not funny. It’s awful. I dream about it every night. But I’m glad it gives you some enjoyment in your sad, pathetic life.”
Steve’s kisses move up his calves. “You’ve shaved,” he murmurs, stroking a hand down his leg.
“Here,” Fury says, “if we could – maybe, the alpha’s should stay in this room.” He clearly unhappy, taking Tony’s shoulders, pushing him through the door into the observation room.
“But that’s what you said,” Steve says, casually, as he grips the stump of it, shushes him when he starts to skitter. “Easy now, Tony. We’re just talking.”
“Apologise to him?” Steve prompts. “He’s one of mine. Where I come from, the only way this ends is you set it right, or we settle it with our fists. What will it be?”
His hands are still shaking. He wants to put bury his head back into Pierce’s neck, scent that comfort again. “You wear the same as my dad,” he blurts.
he thinks again, not risking fighting back. Steve will almost certainly see it as an affront, a rejection. His legs are shaking, he realises, distantly. He scents so angry, so distant –
He knows his name. Tony. Toe-nee. He can open his mouth, he can imagine the sound of the words. But his mouth won’t make the shape – it can’t spit out the thing he can visualise so clearly in his head. “Targhhh,” he manages, and then shuts his mouth.
The human hasn’t moved. While Nebula scoured the earth for anything – weapons, perhaps another who wasn’t taken by the dust – the human sat there, pathetically, and wept. She doesn’t pity him. She had admired him, briefly; going toe to toe with Thanos is not an easy feat, and it takes bravery – balls, as Quill would have said.
Steve recoils back like a beast that’s been struck. He roars, throws his fist into the wall, leaves a sizeable crater. “You’re
“Yeah. Steve, you made the right call. And I know it was bloody, and awful, but every man that was there was there by choice, knew the risks, and you had to choose between an awful death for the vulnerable or an awful death for the people that were going to hurt them. And you made the right call. You always do, Steve. That’s why you’re alpha. It’s why I trust you.”
Killian rolls up his sleeves and wraps his hands around Tony’s throat. “We’ve met before, you know,” Killian says casually, squeezing. “1999. You don’t remember?”
“You just settle here, now,” Steve tells him warmly, “let me take of it, hmm?”
“You looked handsome tonight,” she says softly, leaning back against the counter, folding her arms.
“I heard you went home with Don Murray last night,” Steve says conversationally, pouring him another glass; he’s bent over the sink, so he doesn’t see Tony shiver.
“I suppose that’s just the kind of man he is,” Pierce, again, says mostly to himself. He hears him sigh, and then mindlessly, rest his hand on the back of Tony’s neck.
“I’ll bet.” He says, weakly. “You guys better serve up, or I’ll – ” Clint swallows “I’ll eat it all.”
Despite himself, Tony snorts. “I left a bit of myself in that wormhole, too.”
Tony smiles at him, falsely, takes the photo. He –
“She said you were ill. Like, that we should say you’re ill, not — “
There’s a long, loud pause. Eventually, Steve says: “I still do.”
Tony wants to give Steve a little bit of what he knows, tonight.
They can’t burn the arc reactor so they bury it. All of them, each Avenger. Under Thor’s guidance, they say the right words, and erect a plaque in the ground.
“Thousands. Millions. Civilisations have been and gone in the time long before earth existed. Don’t strain yourself, now, I wouldn’t want to give you a headache.”
“Am I really?” Tony says, sitting back, not stupid enough to be flattered. “And what are you?”
“I’ll make it up to you,” he breathes, slightly dazed with the tight proximity, Steve’s crazy out-pour of pheromones intense enough to make a nun blush. “I deserve punishment, huh? I deserve – you to make me yours again – “
“Look, Tones, I don’t know what — are you alright?”
“Back off,” Pierce mutters, “just give him some space, you’re upsetting him. Here – tell them we’ve found him. Tell them – it was nothing, he wasn’t missing, he just bumped into an old friend and lost track of time.”
Tony draws it with steaming water and bubbles and some kind of lavender essential oil he finds under the sink. The tub is so wide and deep it can easily accommodate the two of them. He watches Steve strip off in the mirror; the slope of his back, the curve of his waist, the broadness of his shoulders.
He lands in front of him, ignores the whistling and the complaints from the people he just cut in front of. “Steve,” he says happily, rubbing circulation back into his arms. “I made it.”
His throat hurts, the burn raw and pulsing. “I want a painkiller,” he chatters, numbly, “I’m tired. Give them to me.”
and talking about practicalities when there’s a widow sobbing over the body of her husband, and a boy crying with a hand fisted in his hair like he’s never known loss, and then the great injustice of it all, which is a man who spent a life burdened only to –
Tony tracks Steve’s eyes, meets him head on. Refuses to look away. He wants to say,
The vest is too tight. Pierce had tied it, lovingly, the way Steve might before a night out. Steve never pulled the stays this tight. He never wanted Tony’s waist to be so sharp he could barely breath. His ribs are so bruised, and he can’t breathe. He hurts to badly, and he’s hemmed in with this final torture, a corset that’s too damn tight. He thinks, he might be bleeding through his shirt. He thinks, he wishes he could squeeze the life out of Pierce the way the heavy fabric is squeezing the life out of him.
Tony just shrugs. He hangs there, as if waiting for Steve to give him permission to leave. “I’m going to sleep,” he repeats.
"To have you. I -- I don't know. People prefer me when I'm under, usually. I mean, obviously, there was the whole Baine thing. That sucked. But when I'm not down -- "
The chair creaks. Tony lifts his gaze. “He’s going to kill you,” he says again, as Pierce dials, hovers the cell by his ear.
“The same, Captain,” Tony smiles sharply. “Keep in touch.”
“You ready?” Pierce says. Tony blinks. The sun has shifted in the sky. What had he been thinking about? He can’t remember. Minutes had stretched by, and he hadn’t thought of anything at all.
“I’m sorry,” Wanda says quietly. “I should have known, I – I’ll eat later. I’m sorry.” She gets up to move, to run, and Natasha takes her arm and pulls her back, forces her into the chair opposite Tony.
“You’re going to talk to him,” Pierce explains. “You can be honest. Just say, I’m with Secretary Pierce. I paid for your intransigence last night. If you don’t meet him this evening, here, no weapons, no friends, I’m going to pay again.”
Someone holds a glass of water in his line of vision. Natasha. “Here,” she says, “you should drink.”
Which he is, obviously. Completely and utterly. Never quite something he learnt how to do. Still needs Jarvis to prompt him when he’s being strange. Or rude. Mostly rude. Turns out, for most people, strange and rude are actually synonymous.
“Do you like that?”
“He’s starting to agitate,”
Tony pokes him, right on his sternum. “Back-off, buddy.”
Tony starts slamming pots into the sink. “Fine,” he mutters “you’re right. Clearly I have nothing to worry about, right?”
Pierce is quiet. He unzips the pack, rifles around for material. “Well,” he seems to say is carefully, like he’s thinking about his answer, “we’ll try to find their families, friends. They’re all very… I think Hill mentioned, they’re obviously all quite scarred.”
“I’m told you and Pierce go miles back,” Rumlow says, feeding his arm through Tony’s. He tolerates it if only for the sake of appearances; Rumlow’s grip feels insidious.
“Clothes on.”
“Good.” He’s sitting there, looking up at him, frowning slightly. He reaches up a hand and – tucks some errant strands of hair beneath the strap of the gag. He nails scratch at Tony’s scalp. It’s nice.
Tony wants to say something. He wants to say,
“Oh really?” Rogers mutters.
Tony thinks, carefully. “I loved my parents,” he says, neutrally. “Of course I did. I do, I mean.”
Steve calmly puts down his ladle, pats his hands down on his apron. “Excuse me,” he says quietly to the woman at the end of the table, and she takes over his spot.
“I know,” Steve blurts, “I feel the same.”
Tony wants him to. He wants him to, right now. The idea plants in brain, like a seed. He wants him to march him downstairs, still sopping wet, naked, and drape him over his lap.
Tony looks away, down, desperately anywhere that’s not Steve, so he doesn’t have to see pity on his face. “It’s bad,” he croaks.
“Milk,” Tony says absently, pushing meat around the bowl, staring into space. “We say milk on Earth.”
“No, he was disgraced,” Natasha fills in. “But now he’s running his own… taskforce. It has public backing. A minority, but there.”
“Of course,” he says, gently, eventually. “Of course you do, you pretty fool. You’re bred for this, aren’t you?”
“That’s different. You’re – you.”
There’s a helmet. Steve can recognise the make – it’s more recent then the other Marks, nano-tech that’s been carved off from the rest, plating moulded and melted the same way Tony’s face had been, after. Steve picks at it, delicately; he would have put it here, after he returned. So after their fight, after they killed Thanos for the first time.
“No,” Steve says stubbornly, letting his eyes shut. “What… where…”
I'm especially looking for info on how you think the OC's are working. Any other comments are greatly appreciated!
"Not -- that's not what I meant. Just that -- the nightmares are getting worse. I think, Tony, I think I have more to lose, now, that's why. And I can't shake it. Can't shake the idea that -- that one day, maybe, it would be you, falling, or you being, being hurt, or torn, I -- "
It makes him angry, but he pushes it away. He needs to keep his head in the scene, focus on Tony, what Tony wants. "So," Steve continues "do we want the blindfold or not?"
Tony shuts up. Fist in his mouth.
“Tony, I did no such thing.”
The public, Steve soon realised, did not care that the Accords violated a thousand human rights. They wanted blood, they wanted super-powered blood. What came out in the investigation was the full extent of Tony’s involvement in the Ultron debacle. And while the roles of Wanda and Bruce were then similarly noted, Bruce was still MIA and Wanda protected by the Wakandan amnesty won by T’challa. Tony had supported the Sovokia Accords, a document brought about by the wreckage of a city which Tony had inadvertently caused. And people found this hypocritical. They thought Tony was trying to cover his own ass. And so another, larger investigation had launched. Stark stock had plummeted, shares wiped out overnight as the market predicted Tony’s inevitable downfall. Potts had resigned, washed her hands of the whole affair, and moved to England. First there were the resignations, then the widescale redundancies, and Stark Industries had toppled. Wobbled and fallen, like a stack of cards.
They never went on that date. Steve had promised he would take him on a date. No one had ever promised him that before.
“You loved it, really,” Ty says, leaning closer, breath hot and smelling – minty. He chews fucking spearmint gum, still? After all this time? Tony puts his hands between their chests, pushes him back a little. “You always liked to be treated badly.”
That doesn’t mean anything. Tony has a lot of expensive perfume. “Well, I appreciate the thought,” he smiles, letting Pierce spritz it on his wrist.
“Can’t remember?”
He tells him about Bruce, and that he won’t believe this, but Clint has a family in Iowa he thinks he’s keeping secret. He tells him that the tower is lonely, and that he’s getting extremis patented.
“I’m so sorry,” he chokes. “Thank you, Tony. You hear me?
"Thanks," Steve says, not believing him.
“We know, Captain, shh,” she says again “you just close your eyes. Sleep, and when you wake up we’ll be somewhere safe. Then we’ll put together a plan, okay? And we’ll get Tony back, simple, don’t you worry.”
“I hear them too,” Thor says, assuredly, calmly, quietly. “I think – perhaps, it is some kind of cruel jape. Or that Loki sends himself from beyond the grave to taunt me. But he does not. I am… the victim of an over-productive imagination.”
Tony used to hate when they touched him. He longs for it, now. No one will ever touch him again.
Steve has a choice, then. He can sit, and cry, and remain comatose for the rest of his life.
"It was, wasn't it?" Steve squirts shampoo into his palm "Keep your head back."
Tony stares. “The drug,” he says, slowly, “it – “
isn’t a masochistic punch to the gut. “Steve,” Tony starts, not sure if he really wants to try and stop him, “I don’t need to tell you that – things are different. People might get the wrong impression if they see me – “
Lovers.
“Well,” Pierce says, that warm, friendly voice, “I’m sure you can make up for it. Rogers will be joining us tonight, I trust you’ll make sure Tony’s good and ready.”
“Put on this earth for you?” Tony says, gently. “Maybe, I just exist. Maybe I don’t have to always exist for someone else.”
“You’re welcome to. In fact, I encourage it.”
“I’ll be there,” Steve promises. “And if I’m not?” He leans close, gently kisses the shell of Tony’s ear. “You’ll just have to answer naked,” he murmurs.
Tony pulls the arms of his sweater down over his hands, folds them across his chest.
"Am I still...?"
“He’s traditional. We always knew that.”
Tony lets his lips twitch upwards. “Ty, honey, I have more power in my pinky finger than you’ve ever had your whole life. Does it feel good? Hitching yourself to a bitch like me?”
accounts, Tony, they’re offering to pay you back a lump sum. And you get the intellectual property back. The patents! It’s like you’ve sued them, except — “
make noise,” he tells him, voice thick with sleep. “You make such pretty sounds, did you know that, Steve?”
Peter fishes a small metal device from his pocket. Lobs it, and Tony catches it in one try. “Your hands are better.” Natasha notes.
“Hi.” Steve’s voice is clipped, thick. “I, uh – I didn’t wake you, did I?”
“He’s not a bad man, I know that.”
That’s not new. There are loads of drugs like that, Tony’s been on the receiving end both willingly and unwillingly a few times.
“He doesn’t trust me,” Fury says bluntly, “not after the weapons, or New York. And he mistrusts SHIELD to a fault.”
“Uh,” he says, “I’m – I feel good, I guess. Maybe a little dizzy, I don’t know.”
Steve smiles, just a slightly. “I’m sure you’re going somewhere with this.”
Syrup. Where did that come from? Scrambled eggs and syrup. There's a word for it. There's a word, there's a word...
Tony shrugs. “I guess.”
She raises an eyebrow. “How nice, you remember my name.”
“Dalcher.”
Nice save.
He slips. It’s cold, it’s really cold, and deep. He thought the water was clear, but everything has been stirred up, and now all he can see is mud and dirt and all the grit in his eyes. It’s cold, very cold and Tony can’t – he can’t remember how to swim. He kicks out wildly; there are no people at the bottom of the lake. There’s nothing warm here other than mud in his lungs. He twists, tries to find footing, but maybe there’s no ground, maybe he’s too short, or too far out, or –
“About not bringing your dog here, Tony.”
Rumlow’s voice is tight. “Obviously,” he says, with just a hint of mockery. “I forget that SHIELD’s a small world. You would know though, right? Your dad started the damn thing.”
“Suit,” he calls, “this isn’t working, suit, I need – “
He acquiesces, bends his neck to the side to allow Steve access. “Do you want to fuck me?” He asks, exhaling sharply, smoke blowing back into his eyes.
There’s brief silence, the sound of fabric. Then, skin on skin. Steve grunts. “You going to call me Sir, Tony?”
“Ha ha, funny. I mean – like friction. You would just go out of your way to make me so angry, and I was wrong to let it get to me the way it did.”
Tony shivers, slightly. Shuts his eyes, swallows. “That’s not true,” he says, dragging them open, slow and languorous. “I’m not cruel.”
“And then — “ Steve begins. He trails off. He has nothing to say.
Yes. Tony, Tony can see that.
some other stud – “
“Steve.”
“I don’t – oh. That guy. I don’t know his name, we met him before, last year, at the gala where I sucked you off in the lounge. He called me a whore, you made him – pay reparation.”
But “ugh,” is what Tony can manage. He thinks he might be trying to say
“It’s lazy.”
“Maybe – maybe they’re in a better place,” Steve suggests, hushed, like he can’t bear it. “Maybe, right?”
“A wide range of uses,” Fury agrees. “Stark, there are some things I can’t shield against, as much as I try. Someone in SHIELD had this developed, and I can’t say why, but the fact that in the space of week I get recommendations to get you under control? And
“Oooh. How about this one?” Clint flapped the wings of a little stuffed bird.
“He shot me a bunch of times,” Steve insisted. “And dropped me in a river. I deserve to.”
Nat raced down the hallway towards Steve’s room, so fast and so set on her destination that she ran right into his legs, falling down and starting to sob afresh.
“You’re a really good dad,” she said quietly. “She… I’m so lucky to have you.”
A child psychologist who had interviewed Ian went next, and briefly described his findings. Nothing abnormal to report, though the boy was quite shy when Steve left the room.
“Does she wanna come back, or - ?” he asked hopefully. He’d come to regard the fellow Avenger as something like a little sister, and honestly, he missed her.
“No,” Steve said firmly. “You’re not starting the day with more cookies, you can have breakfast and we’ll see if you can have another one later.” The sweet tooth the damn kid had was mindblowing. Nat was already starting to whine, but Steve shook his head again, already heading towards the corner of the living room they’d designated as a play area for her. “Nope. No tears, that doesn’t get us treats, right? Right. How about some blocks, carrot top?”
“Fly out?” Steve stopped to scowl. “With Ian? Just blast through the roof holding him?”
Nat was pouting moodily, and protested with a loud ‘niet’ as he set her down. Sensing an oncoming fit, Steve sat crosslegged so she could curl up in his lap like an angry cat. Nat sat on his knee and set about taking every toy in the box out. Clint came and sat nearby, helping take things out of the box with her.
Bucky’s expression revealed his guilt - not because he looked ashamed, but because he looked absolutely gleeful. “Steve, I would
Clint nodded a little. “I’m glad you didn’t, but I don’t blame you for being freaked out. A kid is...y’know. A lot. Even if you’re planning on having one. Especially if you’re not.”
“Nat,” he sighed, setting down the dish he’d just dried to face her. “If this is something you really want to try, Papa and I are willing to listen and think about it.”
Tony, on the other hand, was infuriatingly calm. He sat on the bed, watching Steve pace back and forth as if he was watching a very slow, boring tennis match.
Tony had been a man of his word, and had built Nat a ‘fort bed’ like Ian’s as per her request. He’d made hers look like a castle - so naturally, Nat liked to sit on the top bunk and dangle her ‘hair’ down for Ian. She also frequently got frustrated at the fact that he couldn’t climb it, no matter how many times Steve explained why having one hand and being two was going to make that hard.
Whether it was because he was a dad or just because he was good at kids, or maybe some part of her connected with him, Nat took to Clint right away. She still wanted Steve close, but as they played on the floor, she even let Clint touch her without protest. And for a first meeting, that was pretty amazing. He read Nat a few books while Steve made her breakfast, and she obviously seemed to like him. After lunch, when Steve had tucked her in for a nap, Steve closed her door to actually talk with him.
Tasha leaned her head on his shoulder. “All I ever wanted was to belong somewhere loving and safe like this. That’s why this team...why it’s so important to me.” She exhaled, wiping off her face. “I guess if parent trapping you and Tony is what it takes,” she teased.
Steve just nodded. “I… kind of know what you mean. I always thought my life was supposed to be a certain way and then…” He shrugged, his eyes lingering on Ian as the little boy banged his spoon on the table, and on Nat, who was jumping up and down in front of the toaster while Sam smirked at her. “I thought that I wouldn’t get to have a family like this either.”
“I’m gonna make sure that doesn’t go belly up,” Tony said, running a hand through his hair and hurrying after the kids.
“It’s about jiu jitsu,” Steve warned. “She asked again.”
Thanks all so much for your comments, they give me so much motivation to get the next chapter up :)
Tony seemed delighted to turn away from them.
Ian did not understand the whooping and cheering, or why everyone was so thrilled about a piece of paper - but he could see Nat laughing, and Papa smiling, and he could feel Daddy hugging him tight, telling him that he was loved, sweet boy, and Ian smiled too.
Steve’s look was apologetic, but Clint waved a hand. “That’s okay. I’ll just be over here with these cookies I got here…” he said, letting the words trail off.
“I’m Nat,” she said. “You have a carrot top like me,” she added.
Steve grimaced. “Uh… yeah. I mighta made a monster.”
“They were trying to heal her?” Steve asked, squinting at the translated Russian.
“If I don’t get to punch Barnes, nobody does,” Sam said. “I deserve to punch him more than anyone here. Also, it’s a bad example for Nat, she’s punchy these days.”
Steve kissed him until they were both breathless, and when the kiss broke, Tony wiped the tears off Steve's cheeks with gentle fingers. “The tree has to go,” Steve choked. “But yes.” His brushed gold ring was made from one of Tony’s suits. Tony’s was made in the same style, brushed vibranium scraped out from the shield Sam had inherited.
Steve waited for him to be good and out of earshot before turning back to Bucky.
“So you believe Captain Rogers to be a competent parent?” the judge clarified. She had gentle eyes, too. Steve thought that she must have seen a lot, working these kinds of cases.
She swiped it from him and hugged it, a smile tugging at the corner of her mouth. “Goggy.”
Steve eagerly latched onto the change in topic. “The doctors didn’t even know if he was going to survive the infection at first, from when they took his hand. The Red Room - they just left him to die when the new hand they tried to put on him didn’t take.”
“On - on a baby?” she looked disgusted and horrified.
She liked the safety of the curtained-off space the same way Ian did. Steve climbed inside and pulled the curtain shut so Nat could catch her breath. Steve held her snuggled up against him, her hand holding on tightly to his shirt. She still shook in his arms, sometimes, and it never failed to break his heart. Steve kissed her head and told her he loved her, hummed to her softly until she calmed down. Steve tucked the blanket in around her as she hugged Widow tightly to her chest.
kill baby Hitler,” Tony said, his tone nagging in a way that suggested this was not the first time they’d had this argument. He winked at Tasha as Steve groaned.
Tasha ignored him. “They can’t. They couldn’t keep your family away, and they weren’t strong enough to hurt you too much. You’re stronger than them.”
“Your hand on the bed?”
“No getting up, except to go potty," he repeated. “Ian, you understand, pal?”
“I promised you then that I wouldn’t let any problems we had effect Nat or Ian. But I also promised to give you everything I’ve got. I don’t think I realized how much I would have to give you. You still challenge me, Steve. Sometimes I wanna punch you in your pretty mouth,” he said with a chuckle, “but even then - you always see my full potential, and you make me want to be the best version of me. I want to make that promise again to you, cause I love you.”
“Really?”
“Red Room?” Steve asked. He resisted the impulse to cover Nat’s ears. It wasn’t like she’d know what they were talking about. He appreciated that Tony waited until Nat was good and distracted with
Nat grabbed a pad of paper from the desk and marched off to her room. “I have lots of reasons, you’ll see!”
“No!” she giggled again, and Steve actually laughed.
“I wouldn’ta put it past you to plan that.” Steve laughed a little, but when hugged her close, his voice was sincere. “You belong here, just as much as she does. That’s never gonna change.”
– – –
Nat was curled up on an armchair, doing almost the same thing, except she seemed more like a detective, genuinely determined to guess what was in the packages.
Tony looked offended, although it was in a fond,
Nat swatted at Tony’s arm to get his attention. “Hey!” She whisper-yelled, “Go after him!”
in love with him then? Hm?”
– – –
at his friend while speaking. He looked ahead at his feet, wiggled them around some, and then brought one of his arms up over his head, so that the crease of his elbow laid against his forehead. He closed his eyes.
“Speaking of feelings,” Tony said to Steve, his voice quieter now, “I am dying for you to open your present. Like, I am going to drop dead if you don’t start unwrapping it right now.”
At first, things were good. Steve genuinely could not remember another time in his life where things had been going so, unbelievably well. He had the team, which meant he had a family, and he had a purpose, and with Tony around he was becoming less technologically challenged everyday, which was nice too. He didn’t have to feel like such an old man, even if maybe he was one. Technically.
“Steve’s soft like that.” A small smile appeared on Tony’s lips as he said it. His eyes were glassy. “I mean, not like he’s weak, or something—obviously you know that’s not true. Just, he’s such a sap, when you melt that capsicle exterior. He used to have me fooled.”
Steve giggled. “Have you guys been watching us this whole time?”
Captain America. Super strength, lightning fast reflexes, whatever it is you took a 70 year nap for, and you still couldn’t figure out that I was in love with you? Sheesh, embarrassing.”
Then, she felt Steve sit up. She didn’t know if she should turn around, if he wanted to look at her now.
Tony was beaming now. In fact, he looked so different from the way he had looked when Nat first opened the door an hour or so ago, that it made her heart swell and her eyes get a little bit watery.
—compared to facing the person you love everyday and pretending, pretending,
sense that whatever was going on with Tony had at least something to do with Steve. Maybe everything to do with Steve.
“Steve’s in love with someone.”
see. So all of this,” she gestured at the presents on the dresser, “was just a distraction? Unbelievable, Stark. You really didn’t want me to find ... whatever’s under there, huh?” She raised her eyebrows at him.
You’re driving me nuts!”
“At this point, Nat, there was literally no going back. So I just tell him, I tell him no, that’s not why. That’s not why I paused the show. This is what I said to him, are you ready?”
“Yes. Yes it is.”
Tony?”
“Okay?” Steve questioned, in disbelief. “You have no idea how many days I’ve loved you, do you?”
“I’m kidding, babe. But you
Tony had been sort of mopey lately, always sighing, spending way too much time working on projects that seemingly had no point, and, consequently, losing his temper fairly easily due to a serious lack of sleep.
Steve started to reply, but Tony apparently meant the question rhetorically.
Steve looked as if he desperately wanted to interject, even parting his lips ever so slightly, as if to say something - anything - but nothing came out. Tony probably didn’t notice, and if he did, he didn’t care. He went on, “Second, did it ever occur to you like, I don’t know, who you’re talking to here? Not only do I have anxiety
Tony gasped. “I will do no such thing! I refuse! You know how much I hate spoilers, and I’m absolutely making you watch it next time, anyway. No more getting out of it. You’re gonna be part of the zillion, baby.”
“Well! Where is it going?” Nat half yelled at him.
Tony stood awkwardly in the middle of the room, until Nat motioned for him to come and sit next to her on the edge of the bed. He joined her, but he still didn’t say anything. Nat had no qualms about it. She looked down at his hand that was fiddling with his pajama bottoms and covered it with her own, reminding him she was here. They idled in comfortable silence for the next few minutes.
“Shhh. I’ll get him when he’s back from his run.” He could feel Nat’s eyes burning a hole into him.
“Confused? What do you mean ‘confused?’” Tony used air quotes to drive home the question.
“Yeah, yeah, she helped.” He admitted. “Okay, she did everything. All I did was show up in her room and wake her up from what was probably a lovely dream about Deputy Director Hill.”
Steve looked stunned. Steve
Nat nodded, eyeing him with suspicion. “Well, then, out with it!”
“Yeah,” Steve admitted, “you did.” His face hurt from smiling.
She debated those questions for a few days, until she didn’t exactly have a choice. Tony made the decision for her when he knocked on her bedroom door at three in the morning.
Nat insisted, “The only reason I know that, is because you know that. And I bet you know other stuff, too. You know where he’s gonna stop, what route he takes, what he’ll order from whatever place he stops, if he-“
gonna talk to him, right? When are you gonna talk to him? Oh god, please do it soon. Like now. Can you do it now?”
In that moment, Tony was mostly just talking to himself. He had begun to pace in a tiny circle a foot or so away from Steve, fussing with his hair and biting his nails.
“No! Then we’ll have no one to make fun of, and what good is that? Besides, I’m only kidding. You know we love you two and your unbridled
“Okay, okay,” Tony interrupted, rolling his eyes. “Yeah, this is all just one giant comedy special.”
Still, she couldn’t actually be mad at Tony, even if she knew how tough this was for Steve. If anyone knew what it was like to have no control over who you did or didn’t love, it was Nat. Besides, it didn’t exactly seem like this whole fiasco had been easy on Tony, either.
”Please, you know better than to ask me that. Even disregarding the fact that I would never be
“Yeah?” She answered. “Oh my gosh, Tony, did you create a miniature replica of the house they live in, or something? I mean, you
“Unicorns? I cannot say I have ever heard of such things. Are they dangerous?”
When Tony was in Steve’s room that night, and they were lying down, ready to sleep, it really hit him.
“Not anymore, though. Not for a long time, now,” Tony finished his thought.
“Oh?” Nat repeated back to him, “What do you mean
Tony grinned at her. “Right, right. Of course.”
They both laid back on the bed, laughing and squealing like little kids. The sun was starting to come through Nat’s blinds.
“Well—no I’m just saying, Tony, I know you don’t ... but–but it makes sense that he might think so,” her words were becoming more of a ramble, everything said with an air of detachment, “and that he would fall for you, because you just, I don’t know, you talk about him like-“
Nat knew this inquiry was on its way the moment she was awoken from her sleep. That didn’t mean she wasn’t still dying for any reason to get out of answering. But there was nothing to be done.
“It’s okay, hey, it’s okay. Everything’s gonna be fine, yeah?” She reached down to interlace their fingers together, trying her best to comfort him, and then placed a soft kiss to the back of his hand.
until you think you might actually burst, into tiny bits of the person you once were, and float away.
Tony was staring off into space—his line of sight matched up with a picture on Nat’s dresser, but looking more so through the thing than at it. He had the same sort of faraway look in his eyes that Steve had had after he and Nat’s conversation.
“Not my fault I’m good.”
guys got, c’mon! Thor?”
“Stop spoiling the surprises!” Clint reprimanded.
know?”
Steve was grateful Tony couldn’t see the rose flush that had undoubtedly risen to the surface of his cheeks as he heard those words.
Cardboard Steve and Tony in front of a cardboard TV, a piece of paper glued to it on which Tony had drawn modest renderings of Jenna and Matty in sharpie, and their very own itsy bitsy dollhouse that started it all.
going.”
“Hey, I know it must feel like you’ve lost one of your best friends. I really am sorry.” She looked at Tony, the sympathy written plainly on her face. He sighed.
Until now.
“Tony, maybe
Take Steve Rogers, whose mistake just might prove fatal. Sometime within the last year or so, Steve Rogers accidentally fell in love. And dry frosted flakes, or angry bosses, are nothing—
Later that day, in the afternoon, Tony went looking for Thor so that he could make up for their missed sparring session.
“I’m sorry, that was rude.” Tony apologized.
Clint was braiding Nat’s hair on the couch, and
He cringed a little bit, just the thought of what happened next making him feel the embarrassment all over again, in real time.
When he was in the middle of making breakfast—he didn’t make his usual stop at Jenny’s, he just wasn’t up for it—Steve nearly flung the pancake he was making right up into the ceiling.
Steve took one look at him, then the box, and started peeling the paper away. Tony just looked so happy, and excited, and it was making Steve brim with anticipation now, too. What could possibly have him so eager?
He stepped away from the litter of crumpled papers and loose screws crowding his workspace, made his way over to the couch in the opposite corner of the room, and sat down. He looked rather defeated; his hands were covered in grime, his hair was hanging in oily strands down into his eyes, and the clothes he was wearing were rumpled and worn out. The look on his face was that look a toddler might have right after they find out they can’t have a lollipop, and right before they start to cry.
Seeing the look on Nat’s face, Tony immediately jumped in to shed some light on the gift.
“Yet.”
Nat interrupted. “Steve,” she said softly, chuckling a little, “I know how much you love
exaggerating.”
“Steve?” Tony’s voice was incredulous. “He said something?”
mean, I literally don’t have the mental capacity to pull off a ‘gotcha!’ right now. The sun’s about to come up and I’m sitting here talking to you, remember?”
an idiot,” Steve gushed in a loving voice, holding his arms out.
“I just, I wanna know what’s been going on with you.”
And he’s so incredibly—so
“Who is ‘Cupid?’” Thor’s face was contorted with confusion.
really is.”
“Tony,” and now it was Nat’s turn to cover her face with her hand in frustration, “Did you hit your head on the way in here? Did you run into a wall?”
“I’m so tired,” he explained, “and I definitely need to work out what I should say. I mean, is ‘hey I’m in love with you’
As Christmas morning rolled around, Tony could hardly contain his excitement. He was seriously thrilled about his gift, and he couldn’t wait to see Steve’s reaction.
“I just don’t feel like talking about it. Okay?”
Okay, now Nat was the one feeling like the victim of a bad celebrity prank show.
Then, they heard someone walk out the front door. They both knew who.
“At first,” Steve said, “I didn’t think I could explain everything and look at you at the same time. That seems kinda stupid now though. Like, me telling this whole story to your back.”
Steve looked into Nat’s eyes, and delivered the speech dramatically. He figured if he was acting it out—badly, purposefully badly, and to another person whom it was not meant for—it would feel less real. That if he made it more ridiculous, he wouldn’t have to think about how ridiculous it already was, on its own.
Nat laughed, and then reached over to grip his shoulder lightly, trying to comfort him through touch. Trying to say
“God, Tony. You talk about him like you
Nat knew something must really be bothering him, for him to show up like this. Regardless, she certainly didn’t mind. She was just glad he was letting himself ask for help.
Steve made a face, almost looking nauseated. Even so, he continued.
“Neither can I. Who knew engineering geniuses could master plain old arts and crafts?” Steve smirked, stopping short of rolling his eyes at Tony because, hey, it was Christmas.
Suddenly, it occurred to Steve that while he had been pondering all the different ways in which a person could be stunned, he had not been saying any words. Like, at all. So, very abruptly, he declared, “None of this makes any sense.” Tony, who hadn’t seemed to have stopped looking at Steve since he started this whole ordeal in the first place, simply continued staring. He looked like he was waiting, like he was just trying to be patient, but also, like there was the slightest hint of amusement in his eyes. Steve began again, “I mean—this whole time I felt like I was being, at the very least, a
“Oh.” Yet another aspect of the Stark that he hadn’t seen seen. Steve shook his head to dismiss it. “Anyway, I’m not sure there was anything you could have done about that tech malfunction. On the elevator down, after we’d defeated Loki, when you were bragging…”
“That depends,” Steve sighed. “Do you think we’re under surveillance?”
“And I,” Thor said grimly, already spinning his hammer, “need to talk to Heimdall about my brother’s escape.”
“I don’t trust SHIELD.” Steve said bluntly. “They were using the Tesseract to make weapons. They managed to lose both the Tesseract
“… the scepter caused the Arc Reactor to malfunction,” Tony finished in realization, eyes wide.
Tony was infuriating. For a moment, Steve felt the familiar spark of anger that had been so prevalent on the Hellicarier. And then he sighed, and began making his way towards the tower. “Take pity on an old man, will you? If you make barbs based on popular culture and the like, just know that I can’t begin to understand that.”
“Captain Rogers,” the man who had introduced himself as Director Alexander Pierce said with a frown. “There are time sensitive matters which only the members ‘your team’ can answer. Surely your break can wait just a moment—”
“He really is okay, Captain,” Clint, surprisingly, put in. “He’ll need to go to a hospital eventually, but he should hold up for at least an hour or two.”
And yet. And yet. Loki had escaped. SHIELD had been compromised before. The Avengers had done their duty but the Tesseract had been lost to an alien hellbent on conquering earth. Steve had told them to leave the Tesseract alone, hadn’t he? And what was worse—SHIELD had been using the Tesseract to build weapons, just as Hydra had. Their confrontation with Fury at the Hellicarrier had been interrupted, but not forgotten.
Awareness came back in pieces.
He made it just as the SHIELD agents did. They nearly bowled over each other. Steve noted a couple of agents had their guns hoisted before they recognized him, and so lowered them again.
“What the—
“Didn’t you say you wanted Shawarma today because you’ve never tried it?”
But nobody else had experienced exactly what the six of them had. And maybe, maybe, the others could find something to talk about with each other. Something to lift those looks from their faces. All he had to do was provide the opportunity for them to do so.
about how Loki’s scepter hadn’t worked on you. Granted, if the scepter does do things other than give immediate control, you might be affected but just not aware. But at the time, Loki had his alien army behind him. I can’t think of a single reason why he wouldn’t immediately take control of you. And if there was some kind of master plan, then Loki is so beyond us that we probably will never be able to defeat him. So I was thinking, that maybe instead of controlling you…”
There wasn’t really a reason for them to eat together. They had their own lives. Their own things they wanted to do. Their own little rituals for an impossible experience such as this. Certainly, Fury probably wanted them to stick together. To build trust and a foundation. As team leader, that was Steve’s responsibility.
The soldier’s body wanted to give out on him. A fight with a giant aircraft in the clouds and then an alien army was maybe too much even for Erskine’s formula. He wanted to rest, eat, recover.
Hesitantly, he took a step towards it, only to pause, and then go forward again. For a long moment he did nothing, simply gawking, wondering if this could possibly be a trap. Loki had at first appeared like any other megalomaniac, run of the mill villain with too much power, but Steve had been coming to see over the course of the day, how much that was not the case. Loki seemed to have plans within plans. Even when the alien army had been defeated, it still wasn’t enough.
But then again, nothing ventured, nothing gained.
“Huh? Oh.” Tony’s head jerked from its distanced gaze back to Steve. He shrugged, grinning. “No, no need. There was a scary SHIELD nurse earlier. She checked everything and said my heart was A-OK. Then Jarvis and I ran diagnostics. I won’t bore you with the details, but basically we’re good for now. 24 hours, right?”
Alexander Pierce chuckled, taking a step back and holding his hands up in surrender. “Alright, Captain, you’ve convinced me.” He turned, raising an arm and snapping his fingers. “That’s it then, men. We’ve all heard the Captain. Let’s get on it.”
“Do you need to—go to a hospital or something, Tony?” Steve asked hesitantly.
He should be glad that reinforcements were coming. He should be glad he could be rid of the responsibility of the scepter, and whatever it might have done to him.
And yet there seemed to be a plea in Tony’s eyes to not refuse. Steve was reminded of that moment earlier, when he had called Tony a hero, and Tony hadn’t believed it. Steve didn’t understand it. But he didn’t seem to be understanding a lot about Tony Stark, did he?
Apparently Tony had asked Jarvis to look into the surveillance footage for evidence of Loki’s doings. And apparently, all cameras from the moment they had defeated Loki had just stopped working. Jarvis had to reboot the system. Tony was beyond furious and demanded to know how Loki could bypass all his security.
“Now now, no fighting on Christmas,” Tony interjected, doing his best Mom of Young Children impression.
“Yeah?”
jokes. This was a new kind - a last person on earth, apocalypse in full swing, you’ve been wandering the planet alone for five years and you just found out someone else is still here too, kind.
took note of, I had a lot of time to work.”
“Okay, now I’m confused. I thought you were ‘in love’ with me?”
not joking, are you?”
When his nightmares made him relive tragedies, made him feel like a fracture of a person, he wished on the stars outside his bedroom window, for clarity and for peace. For
“So, Nat is the one who figured this out, right? I mean, no disrespect to you,
“Well, it was extremely short notice, and I’m not even sure if he’s going to-“
And if Steve’s heartbeat picked up faster than Clint runs from Nat during a you-ate-the-rest-of-the-cherry-poptarts rampage, then, well. Like Steve had been saying: imperceptible.
“I wanna say no,” Nat admitted, “but you’re right, at least about the ‘I should be sleeping’ part. I don’t think anyone’s ‘peak functioning time’ is four am, though, no matter how much you’ve tried to make that work. You’re not like, a bat, Tony. You’re not
to bake—chocolate chip cookies.
the overacting shield he had been using to protect himself had all but worn off. Nat could see it on his face. He looked like he was reliving it; he looked
In a voice so quiet Nat could barely make it out, Tony said, “I know it’s stupid, but I really wish he would’ve just asked me to watch the fucking movie.”
“See!” Tony bragged proudly, “That’s what I’m saying, that’s—wait.”
They would be in the kitchen, and Steve would be making an omelette, or something, and Tony would come up behind him and stand on his tip-toes to get his head just above Steve’s right shoulder, and he would say, “Are you makin’ some for me?” And it would always be an unnecessary question, because yes, Steve was always making food for both of them, or whoever else was home and hungry.
Nat rolled her eyes, but nodded her head slightly as she did it, signaling that she agreed with that course of action.
Nat was thrown off guard. “... No. He didn’t, actually. I was about to say that Steve hasn’t said anything, but I know this is bothering him too. Last night, he asked Clint to watch
He always figured something must be wrong with him, to not speak of home with reverence. To not even, truth be told, understand what it meant or could mean, beyond the dictionary definition. Now, he understood.
Steve looked up and gave her a small, weak smile, before promptly turning on the television to whatever was on—anything to keep from having a conversation. At that moment, it was an episode of
Sure, she might not be attracted to men, but she wasn’t blind.
“Oh!” Tony whipped around and opened the oven, and Steve handed him a pot-holder so he could try and save their dessert.
Steve had continued his breakfast mission all throughout Tony’s interrupting, so he had a mouthful of syrupy sugar at the moment Tony dropped that last bit of information.
Tony, unlike his exceedingly thoughtful counterpart, didn’t miss a beat. “First of all,” Tony started, “I don’t really think you’re one to be questioning the time it takes a person to say something, Mister I’m Going To Stare Into Space For Three Entire Minutes Even Though The Man I Basically Just Admitted To Being In Love With Told Me He Wanted To Kiss Me And Also, That I Was ‘Infuriating.’”
“You’ve been working a lot lately,” Nat countered. “Like, an unhealthy amount. I’m not the only person who’s noticing, either, Tony. I’m asking you because I care about you, and I care about the team, and they’re all too awkward to say anything.”
“Just do it!” Tony put the box in his lap.
There was something divine about the places on his body Steve touched, something sacred in the way those places were remade and reshaped and the way he felt brand new every time Steve spoke his name with adoration, or spilled kindness and pride and tender words over him like holy water.
“Yeah. I mean, I just, I never thought I’d have this,” Steve said. “I didn’t–I didn’t think that, here, in this time, that I would get another chance? That, um, that people would love me again. I thought I was just supposed to save the world. Does that make sense?”
Steve smiled, but it was a small smile, the kind that doesn’t really reach your eyes, and his eyes flickered away from her and down to his own lap. Nat almost gave him a pitying look, and then she thought better of it. She went looking for some answers instead.
Steve could feel the confidence hiding behind Tony’s careful words, masked by the trepidation in his movements as he shifted his own hands towards Steve’s. But it was there, nonetheless. Like Tony knew what Steve would say, like he was positive about it, but he still wanted to hear the words before he let himself feel any real sense of accomplishment.
Now it was Bruce’s turn to blush.
And then they were kissing, only lightly and only for a moment, before Tony disconnected them.
“So, what’d you get him?”
“Hush, they’re gonna be great.” Tony was beaming as he took the tray off the counter where Steve was eyeing it apprehensively, and popped it in the oven.
“Okay.”
Nat wanted to be mad at him, she really wanted to be mad at him. The fact that Captain America was in love with him and that was a
”Why thank you. Just for that, you two can get back to your kissing. We’ll look away, promise! Right guys?”
– – –
– – –
”Steve always wanted a Barbie dream house growing up, but Santa never got him one?”
And laughing felt good! Allowing himself to relax felt good. He brought his hand up to his face, grinning. Then, he covered his eyes with the palm of his hand before pinching the bridge of his nose, and sighing—a concession, but a positive one. He still had a hint of that grin on his lips. Steve
Tony opened his mouth to say something, but he didn’t have the chance.
He was genuinely unbelievable. The absurdity of it all—Clint’s sleeping habits, Tony, this conversation—it was
“... N–no. I’m serious,” Tony stammered.
stood him up for your usual sparring match. Maybe Bruce hasn’t said it, but I know it’s hurting him that you won’t work on anything with him anymore. You’re always doing things alone. Steve-“
“Leave me alone!” Tony protested, instantly. “I don’t know
“Mark my words,” Tony said, and Nat mimed the action of writing on her forearm.
prepare me enough for this part.”
“Oh,” Steve said, smiling at him.
Tony dragged his palm down his face and started to rub at one of his temples, clearly frustrated, and probably tired—the clock on Nat’s nightstand was now blinking 3:45 am in neon green.
Nat could’ve slapped him. “You know what? I think both of you could really use ‘on the nose’ right now. Desperately. So, I say, be as obvious as possible, and then actually? Be more obvious than that. Because, clearly,
antics. So, it truly should not be this difficult for us to have a conversation. Am I crazy?”
Tony kept ranting and raving, “Do you know what,
“The worst part is that you’re actually, pretty close? But no, okay, not exactly. So basically, in the beginning of the movie, when they’re kids, the guy makes the girl a dollhouse for her birthday, but it’s not just
“You’re welcome.”
Tony glared at her.
thought,” he admitted. “Okay? I did. How was I supposed to know!”
“Who am I, Cupid? Why is it that the people with the biggest brains don’t know how to use them for practical purposes? Like, hello, skip the fairy tale part and just tell him whatever sappy reason you got him that thing, would you?”
“You sure everything’s okay?” He knew the answer, already, but he felt a need to double check, just in case.
like one first, so that was that.
“So?” Nat asked. And without waiting for a reply, “I
Tony was pretending to be mad, but you could see in his eyes that the statement wasn’t entirely sarcastic. Nat was trying and failing to hide her giggling.
“Let me get this straight. You thought Steve—Steve Rogers, Mr. America, the man, the myth, the legendary fossil himself—had time for some secret double life, in between being an Avenger
you?,” he asked, “More like, if you don’t, I’m going to tell Hulk it was you who ate the
“I just wanted to be able to explain it to you, so you wouldn’t think I was crazy! Or, if you did, I could at least be here to defend myself. Also, I wish I could say that was all a distraction. I’m actually just that messy.”
He was looking over Steve’s shoulder, to avoid seeing his reaction, and he made locked eyes with Nat across the room. She could tell he was nervous, even if she had no idea what was being said, and she gave him a look of reassurance and encouragement. He immediately felt better. This was all thanks to her, after all.
“Yeah.” Tony could taste the salt of his tears on his lips. He felt giddy. “Merry Christmas.”
Taking Steve’s affirmation, albeit nonverbal, as a green light, Tony continued, “I
“Is that cardboard you and Steve watching a cardboard TV screen with the fucking movie on it? Romantic
but I have a feeling you had help.” He carded his fingers through the front of Tony’s hair as he said it, absolutely infatuated with how close they were, how real this was, how good Tony still looked despite the fact that he very clearly had not slept in days.
At this point, it’s been almost a year of Steve hopelessly pining after someone he thought he couldn’t have, even in his wildest dreams, and a year of everyone else wishing that their team leaders weren’t such absolute idiots.
He looked into the distance dramatically, joking, and trying not to laugh at the idea that he could possibly be disappointed at those days being over.
As he stripped the layers of penguin-snowflake wrapping away, and then opened up the box, Steve felt his eyes begin to well up with tears.
crazy, I was being serious about that part. Of course people love you,” Tony affirmed.
Nat startled Tony as he walked in; she was standing by his dresser and rifling through various gift bags he had left sprawled everywhere.
She was trying to muster as much love and reassurance as she could into the words she chose.
Nat played along. “Oh? Interesting.” She rolled her eyes, not that Steve could see her. Then, “I was just wondering how things went the other night-“
Still, she knew Steve was already feeling embarrassed and worried about the whole situation, and she wanted to let him tell her at his own pace. She would never force it out of him, either. Nat wasn’t in the business of hurting her friends for the sake of allaying curiosity. She just wanted them to be okay.
Lost in thought, he must’ve begun to cry a little, and a tear from his eyes rolled down onto one of Steve’s knuckles.
want that.” Steve raised his eyebrow in an attempt to convey his confusion, and moreover, to project his disbelief. “Of course I want to lie in your arms and listen to you wax poetic about me. Are you kidding? Captain America wants to kiss
“Hm, you’ve decided to adopt, and-“
“Merry Christmas, Tony.” Steve leaned over and placed a chaste kiss to his shoulder, and then let his head fall back onto the pillow. “Get some sleep.”
“Thank you?” Steve replied.
He opened one eye, partially, and looked at her as he said, “Promise!” and then promptly fell asleep.
Nat started to walk out of the kitchen and towards where Steve was sitting. She stopped when she was facing the back of the couch and leaned forward onto it, draping her arms over the space he wasn’t taking up.
to ask him.
guys have watched that movie like, a zillion times. So it was just, weird? But, hey, he’s obviously gotten the ‘I’m busy’ message you’re sending out to everyone, on every frequency.”
“It’s like, I wanna hold you in my arms and kiss you on your forehead and tell you that you deserve everything you’ve ever wanted, that I literally think about you more than one person should ever think about another person, and that I can’t even begin to fathom my life without you in it, obviously, but the way we are now - the painfully casual, the agonizingly
“I just don’t know what I did wrong, you know?” Tony asked, rhetorically. “I keep running it over in my head—everything he told me—looking for answers, and they just aren’t there. I’m confused, more than anything. I don’t know.”
– – –
When he got the tray onto the counter, Tony was pleasantly surprised. They looked ... a little crispy, but definitely edible.
“Oh, come here, you are
“Nat, for the love of God, what are you talking about?”
being your best friend, to meet another guy? And fall in love with him?
If they were both very tired from fighting bad guys, Tony particularly so—because god knows the man does not sleep when he needs to—and so he fell asleep before the happy ending, and his head sort of made its way onto Steve’s chest, that would be
Tony whispered again, “Not ‘could fall.’ ‘Could have fallen,’ you said. You understand how he
“Okay, listen, just wait, okay? I know what you’re thinking, but I can explain!”
Steve had been looking at his gift for what felt to Tony like ages, and he didn’t seem to be thinking of speeding things up anytime soon.
“So, yeah. Everything’s been awkward since then.” At that, Steve started chewing at his bottom lip, and reverted back to his previous, curled up position. Both arms were draped around one leg, and he let his cheek rest on his knee this time, face still turned towards Nat. He had a faraway look in his eyes.
Neither of them spoke for at least five minutes. Tony watched the time tick away on Nat’s alarm clock, desperately trying to find the words he wanted to say—to remember why he even thought it would be a good idea to show up like this in the first place.
“Yes, I
He exhaled a big breath before continuing, “I know it’s nearly four in the morning, and you should be sleeping and all, but as for me, well, we’re actually at peak functioning time for
with him! Not that Clint’s anti-rom-com or anything, I just know he was already about five minutes from being knocked out when Steve asked—it was like 12:30 in the morning, and you know how he is,” she added.
Nat was kind of tired of leaning over the couch, so—believing that Steve just indicated they would be here a while longer—she did a 180. This way, she could sit on the back of the couch instead, with her legs crossed and the balls of her feet touching the floor. She looked up at the ceiling and waited patiently for Steve to explain.
Coincidentally, Steve was thinking the same thing.
When he turned around, Steve had his eyebrows raised, and a hint of a smile on his face. Tony could’ve lost his mind right then and there, looking at Steve in his Santa-suit Christmas apron, cookie dough way up near his hairline, where he had clearly swiped his hand across his forehead without knowing it would leave cookie remnants. Tony’s heart was
And then, no doubt through the realization that he was looking into the eyes of a very determined woman, Tony went from indignant to compliant pretty quickly. Giving in, he grumbled out a “What do you want?” and looked right back down at his project.
“Steve.” This time, Tony’s voice broke Steve out of his momentary fit of terror, instead of throwing him into one. How thoughtful.
“Steve, um, look. We need to talk-“
“Tony,” Steve chided, in his best disapproving captain voice. “Do you really think it’s a good idea to-“
“I mean, Tony, c’mon, you can tell me. It’s not that serious. It’s a rom-com.”
Tony’s voice got a little quieter when he said that last sentence. He started looking down and tapping on the counter with his fingers. He looked unbelievably adorable, Steve thought. It was actually unfair.
“As I was
For some ungodly, horrible reason, Tony had seemingly decided to not only be awake at a time he was never awake—unless he was working, in which case Steve wouldn’t have had to worry about him showing up in the kitchen like this—but also to put an end to their standoff, of sorts.
bit obvious, and you never once questioned anything. If you’ve had the same feelings as I’ve had all along, then why, and I ask this as politely as possible, why on
Steve kept his eyes on the screen; he tried to maintain a nonchalant demeanor.
Nat was practically buzzing, energy radiating off of her like heat from the sun. She was biting down on her knuckle, looking at Steve with worried anticipation in her eyes.
—because Steve leaned down and kissed him, and maybe they should’ve been thinking about the team in the living room and the shit those four would give them for the rest of the week if they saw, but they weren’t thinking about that. They didn’t stop until they were breathless, sweater and apron both wrinkled, their hair sticking up and out in the places the other had ran his hands through, messy and desperate.
on the nose?”
“Oh? Interesting, I didn’t realize Nat was pining, too.”
“Oh, shut up, shut up, shut the
“It’s not the speech that’s bad, Nat. Or my acting, for that matter.” He laughed a little. “I mean okay, my acting
“It seems that I’ve been given a stuffed animal, some sort of ... Midgardian creature that I do not recognize. Still, it is very cute! Although, I am concerned as to why something so fluffy would need such a sharp weapon on its head?”
Steve didn’t even hear what Tony said, because he was too busy doing that thing he mentioned earlier. What was it again? Oh, right,
It took a moment for Steve to gather his thoughts.
sort of way, and he said nothing.
Her teasing didn’t shatter Tony’s confidence a bit. “Fine, don’t believe me,” he challenged, shrugging.
“Yes.”
suspicious for two platonic male friends, but hey! It’s the 21st century! Who am I to assume? Men
“Cute PJ’s, Rogers. How did you sleep?”
“Plus, if you would so kindly rewind to just a few minutes ago,” Nat continued, “I believe I singlehandedly revived your love life from the dead. So. You’re welcome, times two.”
And how we’ve, as you so gracefully pointed out, ‘watched it a zillion times?’”
before he said a single word. In fact, he recovered from that significant flood of information quite quickly, if he might say so himself. “Tony,” Steve breathed, almost incredulously, “I know it took us a long time, possibly an embarrassingly long amount of time, to figure all of this out, and I know we certainly aren’t short on things to talk about, but—can I, can I just kiss you? Please?” Steve had been hit with the realization that, for months, all he had wanted to do was kiss Tony, real and full of love, kiss all the words he couldn’t say right into his mouth. And now, he
“You’re the worst,” He declared.
As in, not hypothetical.”
You know. Because you asked him to watch
“Thank god,” Clint blurted out, “I was afraid Mom and Dad were gonna start making out.”
Then, even Bruce chimed in. “Hey, I think it’s sweet! Be nice.”
“Nothing.” Tony grinned. “You have a little something,” he wiped the food away, “there.”
“Bruce will explain later,” Nat replied, grinning.
By the time Steve had gotten to that last
“Steve,” Tony started to rub his eyes, “Shut up.” Steve looked taken aback, but said nothing.
“He looks at me, confused, obviously. And I have to start talking, because if I don’t, then that would just be, well. It would have been so weird. So I do! I start talking, and god, Nat, I wish I wouldn’t’ve started talking.”
Before they could get themselves into another situation which was definitely not appropriate for the kitchen, Nat called out for them to “share some with the rest of us!”
“Nat!” Tony was definitely laughing now, even if he was trying his hardest to glare at her and wag his finger disapprovingly.
It was nighttime now, the gold star and multicolored lights on the tree being the only thing brightening up the dimly lit living room. Thor and Bruce had clearly figured things out, once again with the help of Nat as, apparently, everyone’s own personal Cupid. The two of them were sitting close together on the floor, practically in each other’s laps, and Thor was holding his unicorn up in front of his face and making it talk in a high-pitched unicorn voice, no doubt telling Bruce how handsome he looked in the black and green plaid sweater he was wearing.
Honestly, Nat was at a loss. Part of her wanted to fix things for them, for her friends, but another part of her knew that might not be possible and even if it was, was it her place? Should she just leave things be, and hope they work it out on their own?
should include more details when you decide to make the big love confession speech, hmm? As spectacular as I am, I don’t actually read minds you know. I thought you meant someone else!”
“Okay, well, I know you haven’t seen it, but you know how me and Steve—Steve and
“Well he’s looking at me so intensely, like to the point where I felt like my skin was burning, okay? And I say ‘Yeah, right. Yeah.’ Not sarcastically, or anything, but just. Yeah, he’s right.”
is a gem, but-“
“You know how Tony’s been sort of, well ... you know how Tony’s been lately?”
was playing softly on the TV at a low volume. Meanwhile, Steve and Tony were in the kitchen baking—or
Steve certainly isn’t surprised that he’s hit his breaking point, he just can’t believe the words he’s hearing himself say. It’s like another being inhabited his body, and he’s just floating above, looking down at this other person. The Steve that’s speaking - if you can even call it that - and the Steve that’s watching this trainwreck happen, they’re two totally different people. Out-of-body Steve is puzzled, wondering
stunned. And not the kind of stunned where, you’re attempting to make breakfast and you manage to crack an egg - perfectly - and you’re kind of shocked because usually that task ends in a certain redhead telling you that you’re “gonna get salmonella if you don’t start to get better at this.” No, it wasn’t that. It wasn’t even the kind of stunned you get mid battle, when some god awful alien is an inch from putting its claw directly through your left eye, and if you rolled to the right any later, you’d probably be sporting an eye patch and listening to Clint make all kinds of
“What?”
“I don’t know, are you sure we didn’t skip an ingredient? This dough doesn’t look ... promising.”
Evidently, Steve got the haptic message.
Tony was pretty glad that he got to throw Steve’s disapproval right back at him, but he also felt like maybe he might throw up? So, he wasn’t in the clear, yet.
Nat didn’t hold back the irritation in her tone, even if maybe she should have. The thought was out and into the world before she even had the chance to notice she had said it. She was just thinking of Steve—especially now that Tony had gone on about him like that—Steve, sitting there hugging his knees, looking so small and so lost. She was hurt
to bring those things to him.
“Well no, of course not, couldn’t be. Ordinary dollhouse wouldn’t warrant a million, let alone a zillion viewings,” Nat said, faux-seriously.
He stated it matter of factly. There was a sadness in the way he said it, but his voice didn’t break, and he didn’t put his head in his hands or even so much as frown as the words came out. It was as if he was merely professing an unfortunate fact, like a weatherman announcing that there would not be snow on Christmas Eve.
“Look Tony, I can handle the whole gloom and doom thing if you would just-“
glow brighter.
Is that a dress made out of cotton balls?”
”Seriously, you guys are so parent-y, I’m gonna throw up,” Nat said, concurring.
“Oh, I must.” Nat stuck her tongue out at him.
Tony, however, is a stubborn man.
He let his legs relax again, kicking one up over the far arm of the couch.
Nat really was like a teenage girl, now. On the bright side, she was sure that seeing
Bruce facepalmed. “No—well, some people might. I don’t know. I just thought-“
Nat felt these teensy secondhand butterflies in her stomach. For a moment, a picture played in her mind, of young girls at school gushing about their crush of that week. It was silly, but she felt like the feeling she had was the feeling those girls would have—this sort of vicarious energy you get when someone you care about is ~doing a big thing~.
didn’t you say something?”
There was no animosity in Tony’s voice, just mock exasperation, particularly in the way he widened his eyes to emphasize exactly how unfathomable her request was.
“You know you can tell me anything, Tony. Why are you beinggggg like this?”
“.... Um. I was going to ask how things went with
Okay, yeah, Tony walked right into that one.
Steve started to speak again. “About a week ago? We were sitting here—me and Tony—on the couch, I don’t know, we were probably watching
Everyone was awake in the living room, and Clint and Bruce were passing out the presents from under the tree.
“Thank you,” Tony said. “Really. I have no idea how you can even put up with me, but you do, and it means everything.” He couldn’t stop smiling as he spoke.
“He answered, and he said, ‘How could I be lonely? There’s like a dozen people going in and out of this place all the time’ and he was joking, but also, kind of not? I don’t know.”
when he asked why
At this point, Nat was tired of pushing, and she felt
“Hey! Stop that!”
The next morning, Nat was in the kitchen pouring herself a bowl of cereal when Steve came into the living room. His hair was sticking up in all different directions and he was wearing winter-themed pajama pants, sky blue with white polar bears in red christmas hats—appropriate for this time of year, being that it was a week from the holiday.
“Relax, Tony. I’m sure your super-ultra-mega-third-new-armor-in-the-past-month can wait.”
at least for the moment.
“Honestly? Me either. Sure, I love a good, cheesy flick, but I’m not exactly a hopeless romantic—never have been. ‘Playboy,’ remember? One of my titles,” he reminded her, flippantly. “Not anymore.”
Nat knew he was kidding, of course.
“Hey,” Nat tried quickly, “That was amazing. The speech, I mean. The acting ... well. You could use some lessons.”
It was Steve who stopped first, thinking he maybe should have finished his thought from before.
The other day, because Nat had decided she had had enough, she went down to Tony’s workshop while he was consumed with perfecting some new tech, and asked him to tell her what was going on. Well, she
“You’re crazy, Rogers. Don’t you know that the whole inferiority complex idea is supposed to be my thing?”
“Am I ready?” Nat exclaimed, “I’ve been ready for days now! What did you say, Rogers?”
“Okay, so,” he began, in a much more enthused manner that he had before, like he might actually be excited? to say this, “so you get it—he’s laughing, I’m looking at him, and then, I pause the tv. I just pause it.”
Tony thought back to last night, to the feeling of being in the arms of his favorite person in the world. His tears slipping onto Steve’s skin before he had a chance to be stupid and worry that he shouldn’t let himself feel so much so soon, that he wasn’t worthy of real love, or whatever preposterous ideas his mind might have conjured up had Steve not been there.
“Please?” She added, deciding that Tony would probably need that extra push. “Just tell me why you’ve been acting like the world’s ending all the time,” she let a moment pass, and then, “and turning into Hulk at every minor inconvenience.”
Tony was making the joke so he wouldn’t get too emotional and weep like a big baby right here in front of everyone, and he knew it. Steve wouldn’t stop looking at him like he just rescued a kitten from a burning building, though, so he didn’t stand a chance.
Okay, so Nat might have been pretending to be a little more out of the loop than she actually was. Given the way Tony reacted at the mere utterance of Steve’s name during their last conversation, she had
“Thanks. I—um. This ... this has been, like, crazy, by the way.” Tony put his arms up on Steve’s shoulders, clasping his hands closed loosely around the back of his neck.
“Oh, this is definitely a new coffee maker. I can feel it.”
Thor, though, seemed a tad preoccupied “sparring” with Bruce by the time he got there, so Tony left the two of them and headed back to his room. Today was Christmas Eve, and he still had presents to finish wrapping.
“Me? I’ll have you know, no one else would sit here and listen to you fake complain about Rogers’ eating habits like whole wheat bread was your love language. Clint would’ve been napping five love-sick details ago and you know it. You’re lucky to have me.”
“Okay, okay. I give. I’m dying to know what,” she gesticulated in a purposefully chaotic manner,”
“He didn’t say
“Oh my god, you–you thought, you
“No, it’s-“
“Ugh, fine. If you must.”
sandwich he left in the fridge last week.” Steve gasped, feigning shock in an
Steve sighed. “It’s what happened
“I didn’t know that.”
He shoved her hand away lazily. His eyes were closed.
Tony lifted Steve’s chin up with one finger, making pointed eye contact. He let his touch trail up and down Steve’s jawline, softly, and when Steve’s breath hitched, it gave Tony goosebumps.
Before he could answer, Nat spoke again.
said all those words, but for some reason they had spent so long talking, and well, things had apparently gotten delayed. Anyway, he didn’t have time to debate their time management skills.
When he was handed a gift, he would hold it up and shake it next to his ear. “Ah, what could this one be!” He’d say, bright eyes and wonder in his voice.
“And so then he says, ‘Is this why you paused the show? To ask me if I’m lonely?’”
“Ha ha, very funny,” Tony said. “Not necessary. I’ll defile Captain America here later.” Steve’s face turned bright red. “I wanna see what
He paused. “Except, I couldn’t really get anything done? It’s sort of been a disaster. I mean, how can you focus on anything when someone tells you something like that?”
“Tony, please. Did we not already go through the you-know-him-better-than-you-know-anyone-else conversation? I thought this was settled over whole grain bread,” Nat recounted, not bothering to lookup from her investigation of Tony’s purchases.
Nat audibly gasped.
“In our defense,” Nat claimed, “How could we not be looking at the pretty, shiny dollhouse-Tower? The rest of us are holding, like, socks right now, okay? Plus, I can see myself in there! What am I
Nat spoke up. “I wish I would’ve known sooner, Tony. I wouldn’t have questioned for a second why you were acting the way you were, you know?” She felt so embarrassed, even though she knew it didn’t make sense to feel that way. There’s no way she could’ve known what was going on, but she still wished she could have, somehow.
someone. You know? And he says to me, ‘I mean, I guess. Sure, who doesn’t?’ Nat! God, so you can see where
Neither of them had said a word to each other in over a week, and yet, here Tony was, sneaking into the kitchen undetected, and scaring Steve half to death by opening his mouth while Steve was mid-flip.
without major spoilers, let’s just say the house is a big part of the movie. Hence,” he pointed at the dollhouse on the ground, and waited impatiently for Nat’s thoughts.
“I think it’s my fault, I think—ugh. I know it’s because of me.”
A dollhouse, just like Jenna’s, except in the places it wasn’t. Pink glitter sprinkled over the roof, but instead of the pastel pink and lavender of Jenna’s suburbia, the house itself was painted a shiny silver with electric blue accents, like the Tower, complete with the Avengers “A.” Cardboard cutout people, like in the movie, but it was
If Tony was surprised by that, he didn’t show it. He simply looked up at her, and then back down at the floor.
love him. No wonder he’s confused.”
“I didn’t know he had fallen for me, Nat. Hello! This is new information!” Tony’s voice had gone way up in pitch. “Since when has Steve, since when has he—felt this way? And how do
Nat had been passed out—like a normal person!—but quickly got herself out of bed when she heard the noise and then shuffled to the door to see what was going on. She’s always been a light sleeper.
“Thor told me you got mad at
“I know,” Nat replied.
A good idea, as it turned out.
“And? What did you say!” Nat demanded, a bit of a gasp in her voice. She slapped Steve’s arm, lightly, to emphasize the question.
know every detail, what with the zillion viewings and all.”
A couple minutes passed, of them just like that. And then Steve pulled back, enough so that he could look at Tony’s face, but not so much that they were disconnected—Steve’s arms were still slung loosely around his hips.
“I hope that’s okay,” Tony said, quick and under his breath. And then he looked at Steve, now that he was finished, ready for the consequences.
As much as Steve wanted that night to be an outlier, it became a routine—not necessarily as specific as watching rom-coms on the couch, but the part about the unexpected, quickening of his heartbeat whenever Tony got too close? That would turn out to be pretty commonplace.
Tony felt sick, and he just wanted this conversation to be over. All he could manage to say was “Oh.”
“What?” Steve whipped his head around. “If Tony said anything, I swear I’m going to-“
“So, then, I try to explain to him, like, no, I mean don’t you wish you
“Midgardians believe one can live inside of a cloud?”
“But I don’t get it,” Nat said to him, “What’s so bad about that? What am I missing?”
Some people do things on accident, and it’s okay, because the stakes aren’t all that high. Maybe they forget to pick up milk at the grocery store one night, and in the morning they find themselves staring down a bowl of dry frosted flakes. Or, they set their alarm for PM instead of AM, and the next day they face the wrath of a boss whose mandatory meeting they slept through. But for others? For others, the stakes could not be higher.
“How do I say this? How do I say this, okay, uh, yeah, wow, Nat really did
“First of all,” Tony interjected in the same voice he had used to yell at her for turning off his music, “I have been doing no such thing! You are
“You don’t know what unicorns are?” Bruce exclaimed, seeming genuinely distressed by this information.
despite the fact that it was already midnight and the guy is widely renowned for falling asleep halfway through any movie if it’s past daylight hours.”
He loved Nat, of course, and under ordinary circumstances he would have talked to her about anything under the sun. They had no problem doing that. Today, though, and for the last couple weeks, actually, Steve just didn’t feel his best. He wasn’t in the mood to talk about anything, really. He wanted to sit on the couch and mope and pretend like it mattered deeply to him that Kate and Ryan pick house #3, the ocean-front bungalow.
“... Everything.” He divulged. “Well, okay, not everything—we would’ve been there all day. But! I asked him if he ever got lonely, right? And-“
“See? Told ya they’d be just fine, didn’t I?”
His cheesy internal monologue stopped there—
“Listen to me,” Tony said, bringing Steve’s thoughts to an unexpected, but greatly appreciated, halt. “Are you listening?” Steve made a point of nodding emphatically. All hope of any words leaving his mouth had surely been shattered by this point, and so, that was the best he could do.
Steve loved cooking for his friends, because it made him feel strong in a different way than he was used to. He liked that.
He shook his head at Tony’s naivety, no bitterness in the motion or in the quiet laugh that followed, only genuine bewilderment. “And I thought it would never amount to anything more than that, really. Just me being happy if you fell asleep next to me on the couch, or asked me to go somewhere with you, anything. And now? To have this?” Steve turned around, emphasizing that by this he didn’t only mean Tony, but everyone—
“So–so how did you come to find out all this, anyway?” Tony asked. He could hear his voice shaking, but he got it out, and that would have to be enough.
dollhouse.”
—his family. Steve’s family. Cardboard Thor sparring with cardboard Hulk in one room. Cardboard Clint and Nat in another—the kitchen, Steve realized—standing over a playdough pot filled up with yellow string to look like spaghetti.
“Shh, everything’s alright. Happy tears, babe.” Tony squeezed back. “I just, um, I was thinking about you. Us. That’s all.” He smiled to himself, in the dark.
don’t want any of this and-“
“They aren’t real,” Bruce told him, “but no, they aren’t made out to be, either way. They’re, well, they’re sort of an Earth myth. Mostly they’re seen as magical, like they live in the clouds and glide on rainbows and stuff.”
“Are you joking?” she asked, kindly. She was on the brink of insanity, sure, but if Tony wasn’t joking, she felt like she’d better start sprinkling some patience and comfort back into her words.
“Oh, you don’t? Oh, I see. So you don’t know what’s gonna happen in,” she turned her head to glance at the clock, “thirty minutes?”
bad, but it was bad on purpose! And anyway, I’m just saying that’s not what the problem is.”
She knew she sounded like a little kid, but she didn’t care. Tony had been
“Hey! He’s not my boyfriend.”
– – –
dramatic, but what can he say? That was his way of dealing with the absolute mess his life had become.
“Oh.” Nat winced. She loved Steve so much, and she just wanted him to be happy. And she felt the same way about Tony, even if he had been driving her insane. All those things considered, this was an awful lot to process.
I covered him in word vomit.”
”Good. Because it’s actually very romantic, thank you, and after this conversation is over, you’re going to be losing your mind over just how impeccable my gift giving skills are.”
Tony laughed, knowingly, which made Steve laugh too.
“Tony? Are you crying?” Steve squeezed his hand, immediately worried.
“What do you mean what am I talking about?”
“Jenny’s. It’s the only place that’s open by 6, plus they have those weird, healthy breakfast sandwiches he’s so obsessed with, with like, the wheat bread that has
”The glitter is very important,” he retorted, “you’ll get it when you watch the movie.”
“Hypothetical?”
What I’m asking is why are you saying that in the first place? It just seems like, I don’t know, kind of a painful hypothetical? Considering?” He gestured loosely at himself with one hand.
“Okay okay,” Tony conceded, “Can I get yelled at for my sleeping habits later? One debacle at a time, please.”
Nat raised her eyebrows, and then Tony quickly added,
reruns or something, anyway, I was sitting here, and he was looking at the tv, and laughing—well, of course he was laughing,
Clint made a face. “Oh, would you two get a room?”
Tony looked at her like he genuinely didn’t believe her.
“Yeah, what he said.” Steve added.
Nat whispered a greeting back, mainly focused on opening the door and allowing Tony to come in.
“And Steve does too. Plus, I know
“You know just now, when I first tried talking to you? I started doing that!
“Steve told me. The other day—well, I kind of coaxed it out of him. My magic works better on him than you, apparently.”
“Why would it be because of you?” Nat asked, trying to sound as genuinely puzzled as she could.
thought-“
, god, you fall in love with one guy and suddenly grammar is out the window—how Steve and
to talk to Nat about everything. He felt relieved, even if the rapid progression of his heartbeat said otherwise. It was just nerves; he hadn’t told anyone about this yet and he didn’t exactly know how. Nonetheless, he was dying to get it off his chest.
“So?” Nat started, “Can you
Then, the so-called lightbulb flicked itself on in Nat’s head.
“As in, he did?”
“I’m just
“You’re a self proclaimed genius,” Steve mumbled through chewing, “How is this my fault?” He looked at Tony innocently from where he was leaning against the counter, one hand holding his plate and the other continuing to shovel food into his mouth.
“Well? Do you like it?” He asked.
“Ew, I’m sickening myself saying this, but you were right. It’s romantic as hell.” Tony looked unapologetically pleased.
Nat rolled her eyes, stalked over to where Tony was tinkering with his circuits and his touch screens, and unplugged his stereo.
“Anytime, babe, anytime. I’m just glad you and Steve can stop being idiots now, honestly. I feel like a proud mom.”
Steve breathed out a sigh, put his plate down on the counter, and took the couple steps over to where Tony was pouting. He put his arms around the other man’s waist, and Tony—very hesitantly—let his head rest against Steve’s chest. Steve cradled him, curling his fingers into the tangled hair at the back of his neck, pressing gentle kisses to the top of his head.
And maybe it was silly, but all Tony could think was:
detail of the guy’s life, okay, I don’t know if-“
how Steve could have fallen for you, how he could think you would reciprocate-“
Tony carried the tray over, Steve at his side, with cookie crumbs falling from his mouth down onto his clothes.
Maybe
Steve looked a little startled, like he hadn’t even noticed Nat was in the kitchen and assumed he was alone.
Tony was more than willing to grant his request.
– – –
He cleared his throat. “Um, I was saying that I ... I do too. Love you, that is. I love you, too.”
“Hey! Romeos, you think you could stop making out for one minute and take your burning cookies out of the oven?”
“When we had our–our ... talk? That day, um, I think, well, the point is: we are both idiots.”
“Clearly, you’ve forgotten the meaning of the word lesbian.”
why are you saying that? That Steve falling for me, that it makes sense?”
