Natasha looked on in terror at the scene. Her once friend was being beaten to a pulp by two super soldiers. Toni didn’t even look like she was actually trying to hurt them. They, on the other hand, certainly did. The spy couldn’t stand to watch Steve be so merciless. As he started to smash his own shield into Toni’s arc reactor, tears started to well up in her eyes. How could she have been so blind and ignorant? This was Toni, a caring, sarcastic, incredible woman, being left alone to die by the people that cared about her.
He was in the process of passing away.
At least there were no casualties this time.
”’Scuse you, they are actually three.” Toni put a hand on her chest in mock offense. It was times like these that she treasured.
"Well I don't know! Maybe because Petey put a fish in my face!" After saying that, Wade held up a plastic bag with Jeffery, their pet goldfish, in Toni's face. "oh, and Carnage wants to join me for revenge."
“Alright. Just stay here, don’t go near any of them, okay?”
“This sounds too simple, Stark. Are you sure this will work?” There was no emotion in Natasha’s voice, the usual. Her questioning stare bored into her.
”I strongly agree, Miss.”
“Antonia-“
"Bout what Petey?" There was a hidden fear in his voice. Silence.
"Alright, kids, this might be the most spooky part of the tour, but the most interesting!" A young man, a new employee no doubt, said with rigor. "You see, these spiders are special. We've been testing with a bunch of chemicals and other elements. We hope use their advanced silk for sutures and other medical uses. They are kept here in the chamber, if you squint you can see some of them!" A wave of 'woahs' followed. Everyone crowded around the metal door, trying to get a look. Eventually, they got bored and wanted to move on already. Reasonable when having an elementary school attention span. Not Peter, though. He was so intrigued by the arachnids.
Thank god no one had to see Toni Stark, genius, billionaire, philanthropist, playgirl, running around her room, desperately putting on her clothes and makeup on at the same time.
Never a tear
Tears were streaming down her face as she looked at Steve, hatred burning in her eyes.
The combined voice of the couple boomed through the call. It didn't sound mad though, only extremely overjoyed.
“First run will be five seconds in the future while the second will be five months in the past. Sound good?” The other scientist said. Even though Bruce looked nervous, his eyes glowed in anticipation. He fist bumped Toni. “Science bros!” whispered each of them.
The boy just continued to cry. Alone. Lost. Afraid.
She got out the mix and poured it into a bowl. Thank god for pre-made food. All she had to do was add water and, boom, pancakes. "Jarvis, open up the windows." It was way too dark, given that it was still dead in the morning. Fortunately, the entire space was filled with warm sunlight. It was May, so the weather was pretty good if she was being honest. After getting the proper amount of water in a separate container, she heard the sound of running coming from the hallway.
Whether it be in their mother's arms or the hold of their other half.
Wade just stood there, smirking.
“Take good care of him. I know you’ll do amazing at raising him. It has to be you, there isn’t anyone else that I trust with him. Let him know that I love him. More than anything and that I’ll always be in his heart...” Her eyes closed as she took her last breath.
"I hate how early it is," Wade mumbled. "Why do we have to go on a field trip at this ungodly hour?"
“Can we please get going, Pepp?!”
“Yeah. Think of it like I’m going on vacation.” Wade tugged at his sleeves nervously. A pained cough erupted from his chest, leading him into a violent coughing fit. At that second, Toni was on him, patting and rubbing his back and chest. It helped it stop and Wade could breath again. “I don’t know when I’ll be back.”
“Friday, give me readings."
. Without really thinking, the broken women gripped at her punctured abdomen as the memories flooded back. No. She can't think of that now. Toni could not break down with
It was the worst with Wade.
“Wade, why do you have to go? We have spare rooms and you spend a lot of your time here anyways.” Even Toni tried to reason with him. Still, the boy was set on going to this ‘vacation’.
”GO!”
different. I'm so glad that I got the opportunity to get to know you and be with you. We'll give each other our messages as soon as possible, okay?" The shorter male leaned up to kiss Wade on the lips. It was sweet and filled with emotion.
"Oh? You weren't actually asleep? Scandalous!" Toni bounced Peter up and down, getting a squeal of delight in  return. The boy giggled like crazy along with Toni herself.
"Wow. I never knew babies could get so cute." A voice filled with humor was heard behind her. Peter turned his head toward the sound and pointed at the sitting women while laughing. It was a heavily pregnant Eddie with a snake Venom on the couch. The two were watching some sort of documentary about nature or something. Oh yeah, Eddie said she would be visiting soon.
Her breath hitched and she could swallow the lump in her throat. The engineer wrapped her arms around her self and tried to keep it together. This was supposed to give her closure with Steve, never want him back. But she
"No. Th-That was always y-y-you." It was never him. He didn't deserve Peter. Not at all. It should have bee him. Not Peter.
Without hesitation, the angered woman broke the man’s legs with a few blasts. He screamed in agony. Good.
"AAAAAAHHH!"
Toni respected the man in front of her quite a bit. He saved so many lives and was the best in his field. She knew it was a bit selfish to only want the best in the field to perform this surgery. Wade was a very strong kid. He would definitely make it through. “I’ll think about it. Thank you, Dr. Strange.”
Toni was in her kitchen, nursing a cup of coffee with way too much sugar. It was almost midnight, but the engineer didn’t feel tired. A usual.
Anyways, everyone looked at Bruce and Toni for answers. Both chuckled and just sighed. “Time travel!”
Blood pooled around his legs and another strange liquid. He vomited at the sight.
“You’ve got it all under control. I don’t see the need for us to do anything. It was because of your impulsiveness and recklessness that caused all of this. The public is scared because of you. The damages and casualties were accidents as well. They need to see that.” There was anger in Steve’s voice. He hated being told what to do. “You have to take account for your own responsibilities, Toni. It’s your fault. It always is.”
"Ma! Look it!" Peter ran towards his mother, who was in the kitchen making coffee and chocolate milk. The woman was dressed in some sweats and a black T-shirt with her chocolate hair in a messy bun.
happening. All the battle must've been making him hallucinate, right? The dust was just dirt. Nothing else. He was just going to catch him.
No one really spoke to each other. All that Bruce did was work with Toni and check in with the others. Nobody went near Wade and Venom, for the two were on edge and ready to strike. Wade constantly muttered to himself, and it wasn't to Venom. Five times in a row, he had aimed a gun to Steve's head whenever he commented on their situation. It was clear that people were getting impatient. Not with everything going on.
The two women continued to talk for a bit until a teacher finally came out to tell everyone to get on the bus. All the kids screamed in excitement and ran in. Being the celebrity that she is, people reserved her a seat in the back for her boys and 'company'. It wasn't necessary to give her the best seat in the house for her and Eddie, but she appreciated the effort. No kids were there to scream in their ears, for they all wanted to go into the front. Toni sighed and walked into the vehicle.
She summoned her head plate again and shot the man from behind. Toni Stark always went above and beyond when it came to weapons.
Non separarsi mai
Wade was still passed out when they reached their location. Yukio carried the poor boy in her arms, a very faint feeling of guilt in her heart. The Boss was waiting for them at the entrance, smiling like a maniac.
Her many eyes looked at him and back to his neck. Webby’s front legs were raised, pointing towards a spot on his neck. It was as she was telling him, “Hey, you should see this!” So, he went to his bathroom, still having Webby on his shoulder. Looking at his reflection, Peter saw that his skin looked translucent and his eyes were very red and puffy. With his left hand, he felt around his neck and stopped suddenly.
”You have your Calming Suit. Shall I prepare it for you?”
“Thanks Brucey!”
Don't you mind what they say
It was discovered that Pepper, Happy, Fury, Maria, and Korg were dusted. For three straight days, Toni refused to leave her room. Thor had grown silent from that knowledge that he had lost yet another dear friend.
"COME AND CATCH ME THEN!"
“They’re five year olds.” The journalist said with a defeated tone.
. She was glaring at Toni.
”Yes, it’s true. I-I...” He was interrupted by the gunshot heard.
Next to him was Wade, the oldest of the group. Well, Carnage aged faster because of his symbiotic side, but Wade was still older in years. The Canadian always had band-aids on him and literally on him from the many accidents he gets himself into. His eyes were a hurricane of blue and always held an excitement to them. His crazy blonde hair was always messy and usually had a clip or two in it just because. Toni and Eddie might have braided his hair a couple times because of how adorable Wade looked and how much the boy loved it. Just maybe. Still, there was always worry over the energetic four year old. He had major schizophrenia which was diagnosed by Bruce. His parents couldn't afford it nor want to know why their son was always talking to himself and had random bursts. At least, that was what Wade had said. He had two voices in his head, which he deemed 'The Boxes'. One was called Yellow, the crazier and more impulsive voice, and White, the colder and crueler voice. Each of them were a constant presence in Wade's head. He would only have a few minutes of solace from them. Usually, they were just annoying, but they would become much darker when needed.  Also, the boy constantly got sick and Toni usually cared for him during those times. Sometimes, she thought about adopting Wade, for he was at her house more often than not.
Aka Steve and Team Cap gets what’s coming to them (don’t worry it’s only for a bit but Rhodey is a salty boi)
"I am so sorry, Toni. I've never seen such a rapid growth of tumors. We do not know how Wade got this bad. It's the worst case I've ever seen."
"Quill?" It was Drax. Toni turned around to see the large man collasped and turn to dust. Dread filled Toni's very core.
Whatever it takes.
"You weren't complaining at all earlier."
“And you all know what Steve did to Toni, right?” Rhodey’s voice was strained, trying to contain his anger. On the other hand, Toni shrunk in her seat and looked at Rhodey pleadingly. He gave her an apologetic smile and walked over to her at the head of the round table.
"Of course, mijo. Ven aqui, amor." She opened her arms again, and Peter leaned back in. Carefully, Toni picked him up and began to carry him to his room. He was so light, barely weighed a thing. The engineer grimaced a bit, promising herself that she was going to get some weight on him. Peter had always had trouble keeping a healthy weight, often being underweight.
"Pete..."
Besides, they were in need of some heads if they were going to make whatever monster did this to suffer.
“Oh, Wade. You’re alright. How are you feeling?”
"Bullshit, Cap. When have you ever gave a shit about my well being?! That time in Siberia surely showed it!" Everyone startled at the yelling. Rhodey was about to intervene until Rogers fought back.
The woman completely agreed with Hulk. Her nanotech was lost in the fight. Time to innovate again! Yay.
Before anyone could say anthing else, Toni walked in.
Toni grabbed the hologram screen and tried to turn it on. Luckily, it blinked to life when she touched it with her finger. Multiple pictures with a strange text underneath them filled her vision. Not really giving a shit, she clicked on the picture of the shower head and clicked a green bottom. Green means go right?
Once again, Wade screamed bloody murder as the doctor pulled out his organs. His intestines were pulled out like a scarf. Still, he wasn’t dying. Wade could already feel new organs coming in.
”Miss, there are several floors you will have to go through. You will surely suffer severe injuries-“
It took a minute or two to reach the top floor. Toni was going as fast as she could, not caring how much pain she was in. Pieces of debris flew all around her, she didn’t care.
She didn’t need any help getting to her destination. The woman had gone their so many times that it was engraved in her memory.
The blob like head of Venom snaked out of Eddie's right shoulder. His opalescent eyes were focused on the screen as he spoke. His small needles for teeth were shown in his supportive smile. Eddie's smile was so bright, the sun could be put to shame.
“Head. Everywhere.”
All the Avengers jumped into action at the loud noise. Natasha pulled out her guns, Clint readied his bow, Steve held out his shield, and Bruce looked a bit shocked at everyone’s actions. The engineer and scientist looked at each other in surprise before Toni looked away.
"Hm. Well, I'm not surprised a rascal like you knows those words. I curse like a sailor." The engineer laughed, trying to lighten the mood. It worked and Wade began to laugh again, dimples and tooth gap on full display.
"To celebrate Jeffrey's release, I'm gonna go buy us some doughnuts. Jeffrey is in charge!" She yelled, already out the door. Toni could hear a 'Not again!' from Carnage, a 'Mother hecker!' from Wade, a 'Thanks Mom!" from Peter (probably hearing the doughnuts part and nothing else), and a loud laugh from the two adults.
“STARK!”
Bruce
"Hey Wade? Remember when you took Jeffrey from his tank and out him on my face? That was pretty good revenge. Or the time where we put oil on the floor and made Mom slip into a pile of pillows? Once you're out of here, we can do that again, but don't tell anyone." Peter held Wade's hand and had his head on the other. Tears were flowing from his eyes. There was a forced smile on his face. This was a routine that Peter always did. It involved talking about their adventures together while Peter held his hand. Before Wade stopped being able to speak, he would laugh and try to add on to the story. All that Wade did was look at Peter.
son, all their insults went to the boy. Wade took it with a fucking smile. He was used to it from everyone. Especially The Boxes. They were the only one who could truly break him. Nothing else could. At age eight, he was fully immune to the name calling. It wasn't like he didn't care, he did.
Wade pulled out his katanas and waited. The footsteps finally stopped. It was Captain America, coffee mug in hand. “Ah, Wilson,” he stated gruffly.
”So, you’re telling me that you’re leaving?” Tears flowed down his face. Wade nodded solemnly.
Even though her room was barren, it had all the necessary things you'd find in a hotel room. So, she went into the bathroom for the first time in several days. Toni wasn't horrified by her ragged appearance. She'd seen it before countless times. Her eyes were blood shot and a bit puffy, probably from her crying all night. Accompanying them were a pair of heavy, dark bags under her eyes that could be mistaken for eyeshadow.
He tried to remain awake, but he was so tired. Man, he was exhausted.
“Don’t go to them. Clint literally just screamed at you from the top floor. Didn’t even bother to come and ask you in person.”
"Psh. Sorry, Edds." With a shrug, she huffed and began to follow the rest. They were about to go into the most scientific advanced building in the world. It would be a lie to say she wasn't terrified.
. Now here she was, bleeding heavily and unable to stand up. The wizard gave her a warm smile and had a strong resolution in his blue-gray eyes.
Which wasn’t true.
“Loki has never done such a thing. That makes it all the more horrible. I’m sorry for your loss. You and Rogers seemed close.”
The atmosphere changed when they all heard the soft shuffling of feet. When they looked up, they saw the bandaged body of Toni Stark. Her jumpsuit was ripped, making her leggings look like shorts and her hoodie look like a tank top. The only piece of clothing that was intact was her black socks that she found in her room. Even though that she had new clothes to wear, she wore her old ones. The woman walked with a heavy limp towards the buffet. All she took was large mug of coffee. She looked at Thor and smiled weakly, sitting next to him. Immediately, Thor wrapped her in a soft and warm hug, shaking slightly. He had lost everything except for his close friend. At first, they didn't get along, but they started to become friends quite quickly.
Never again.
Toni nodded and looked at Peter’s face. The boy was smooshing Toni’s cheek together.
“Right?!” Scott almost squealed.
"What are we going to do?" His voice was quiet and shaky, barely above a whisper.
"Pfft. Yeah right. I'm the type of person you want in your what, shitty club?"
, but I couldn't stop her. You of all people should know how she is." Rhodey glared harshly at Steve, only for Tony to look at him pleadingly. He nodded at her and begrudgingly left the room.
The others ran towards her. Wade was still in full uniform, but he was smiling. Both Rhodey and Bruce were gone, having to check in on the outside world. So it was just her, Wade, Venom, Thor, and Steve.
"Sup, Veddie!"
"True." The engineer exited her room and headed towards the kitchen. Before that she cupped her hand and yelled down the halls, "Boys get ready! Or else no pancakes!"
A couple of grumbles were heard, but Toni and Nat gave a few glares to shut them up. Meanwhile, Scott was looking at the engineer in awe, stars in his eyes.
"This is no place to die."
"You're fine, amore. You're fine." Toni tried to play it off cool. Inside, she was wailing already. This couldn't happen. Her son wasn't going to leave her. She didn't care if he just collasped because his legs were fading away. He was fine. He was fine. He was fine. The mantra continued, nonstop.
"And I'm doing it for Peter." Toni. "We will do it for everyone who's been lost! Everyone!"
"My name is Nick Fury, and I have a request for you."
"I don't feel so good."
"It's been eighty-four years." Wade put on a raspy, old voice and pretended to stroke his imaginary beard. The shorter boy gasped dramatically. Soon enough, the two were in a full blown discussion about aging, time travel, the Titanic, and god knows what else.
Anyways, they went into the building in their groups. Thank goodness that only Wade and Peter were in her group. No one else wanted to take Wade and Peter was her son. Eddie also was in their group with Carnage, being seen as her 'guest'. Again, not true at all, Eddie stood alone, and Toni saw her much more than a guest. Along with that, everyone were still wary of the controversial Eddie Brock. That and her two boys. Venom and Carnage. Even though the world was used to mutants, that didn't mean that they didn't accept them.
Baby of mine
child, Ned. The young boy was actually extremely kind and smart, a reflection of his golden-hearted father instead of his snake mother. He was a good friend of Peter, each of them bonding over their love of Legos and science. Hell, Ned befriended Wade by just being
"So, what are we going to do about Thanos?" Natasha's quiet voice cut through the silence like a knife. The people around her tensed, but not of fear.
"T-toni-"
“What the...” Something sticky was felt. Peter felt around some more and found a single string of silk attached. He could tell it was a spider’s silk. Webby never spun a web on him though. Weird. Grabbing the string, he pulled it out and flinched at the pain. The string kept on going. Eventually, it stopped and Peter was met with a horrific sight.
”Don’t know. I don’t really care.
A very heavy and tense silence filled the room. The only sounds were the beeping from the various machines that were hooked up to Wade. Dr. Strange looked at her.
"I told you! You were going to kill Bucky! I had no other choice and I didn't let you die!"
“So, why did you call me here, Barton?”
“Shit.” They reached a random office and settled down there. “Did he take anything else with him?”
The captain did catch him. Well, his dust at least. "Oh god." He collapsed onto the ground.
Rhodey
It was Peter, in his crib with a spider onesie on. His eyes were a bit puffy, showing that he had cried a lot earlier. A smile immediately replaced his pout.
"Let's get you to your room litter mister." She quickly walked to the room that she had grown to love, careful of the adorable baby in her arms. The now-mother stopped when she heard a small whine. "Never mind. You are wide awake. God, you are already taking after me, never sleeping." She said dramatically as Peter roused from his nap.
"Come on Hulk!
“Yeah. I mean, we’re going to have to do the impossible for this to work. Having a far fetched plan is required.” Her eyes softened, and a small reassuring smile appeared on her lips. The Russian nodded at her to continue. For the millionth time, Toni sighed. Her plan wasn't fool proof for sure. Again, what other options do the have?
No one came to help Wade.
"Alright." Wade then reciprocated it with as much love as Peter did.
, " He looked at the screen with tears in his eyes, "You."
Helloooo my dudes!!! First off, TWO THOUSAND HITS?? WTH??? Thank you all so much! It means the world to me <3
"Yeah! It's still nerve wracking, but Venom and I have been educating ourselves as much as we can." Letting her curiosity take over, Eddie said, "Toni are you.... are you expecting?" Her blue eyes were filled with surprise and shock.
Laying on her uninjured side, Toni grabbed her phone and looked through her photo album. One was called:      “You are my mom! You’re my mom! Oogie boogie woogie!”
"How long?"
“Toni..” Her head snapped up at the weak whisper from Wade. They were right by his bed, so Toni held his hand.
“You’re not a Virgo! And I’m not an Aries, Peter!”
So as Toni woke up at 4 A.M. in her bed with two snoring children clung to her sides, she smiled. The alarm Peter had set on Toni's phone blared through the room, Let It Go filling the space. Neither boys woke up. Of course, Toni turned it off and got out of bed to get ready.
WARNING:
Carefully, Toni made her way towards the pile of debris. She gasped sharply.
These boys were going to be the death of her. "Eddie! Venom! Wake the heck up!" They had had a massive slumber party over the weekend after Eddie's article on pitbulls went viral and was one of the top article's written that month. Toni remembered waking up to a screaming Venom how Eddie became 'less of a loser' with Eddie frantically nodding in return. Carnage was also their, yelling about how his mom was the best writer in the universe.
"You would have still helped him, wouldn't you?" Steve's voice was small and his eyes were pinpricks.
Enjoy!
, so there fights would be even more extreme. Disgust started to appear in waves the moment he saw Captain America walk away, leaving his dear friend to rot in the cold.
He went into the elevator and clicked on the button with Captain America’s shield on it. Something in his gut told him not to trust that man. It didn’t take long for him to find the man, he was just staring at all the pictures on the wall.
"It's a pretty good deal, right? You're going away and I get money for sending you. Better get ready, you're leaving next month. Good riddance." He kicked his son's face on more time. With that, he left to his room to go watch TV. Wade still on the ground.
"M-mom?" Toni froze. No.
Cries came from everyone. Eddie had her face buried in her hands. All the stress and grief wasn't good for her at all. Still, she wailed in pain. Words couldn't describe how much Eddie loved this boy. He was like her nephew. She knew what cancer was like. For over a year, she had it. Anti-Venom saved her life. The symbiote only could heal her, not anybody else. Eddie couldn't help but feel guilty about it.
The next few weeks passed by in a blur. Everyone was scrambling for an idea of what their plan of attack will be. No real solution besides time travel was given. During this time, Toni worked and worked on the mechanism. She wouldn't sleep, drink, or eat, completely focused on the project. Only Rhodey was able to convince her to come out of her makeshift lab. If that didn't work, Hulk or Thor would need to physically drag her out.
She knew that family. They were a group of geniuses with kind hearts. Along with that, they were the head of Oscorp.
First though, she needed a shower.
“It is, Cap.”
"No! I need to focus on staying safe! Mom is probably worried sick, even if she's fighting bad guys." Peter reminded himself. Still, the strong desire to touch the spider wasn't ebbing. It was growing stronger. It was like the spider wanted him to touch it. Inviting him. Giving him a sense of calm and resolute. It wouldn't be bad to get a closer look, right? Yeah, it would be fine!
"Okay. B-Blood, a wh-white liqu-quid, m-m-my hands, th-the ch-ch-chains-saw, and kn-kn-knives."
"Thanos is not dead. He is most likely on a desolate dimension or planet. I do not have the patience to specify where he is, but that is my best estimate. You all should start getting ready for this battle. We will succeed. I will be in my lab if you need assistance." With that, Shuri nodded at the heros and walked off. Her blunt, determined words struck a cord in all of them. They had been standing around clueless for much too long.
It turned out Peter didn’t have any relatives at all. In addition, the baby had grown extremely attached to Toni. He would cry everyday, wanting to see her. Whenever she came, which was everyday, the boy would giggle and laugh so much that it made Toni laugh as well. Whenever, Toni left, he was back to crying. It finally hit the people at the orphanage that Peter has imprinted on her. She was his mother in his eyes and wouldn’t accept anyone else. In fact, he hates being held by anyone that wasn’t Toni.
"Well well, a Blushing volunteer, how quaint. Alright Blondey, let's see what we can do with you. . . " The man walked around him, surveying his frame.
Steve sat up. Now that was impressive.
"Um, When your show is over would you like to go get dinner with me?" Steve said in a single breath.
Part of him wanted to push the other man away as he continued to nip at him through his clothing, the other part of him was feeling way too good.
Tony's head shot up again to search Steve's gaze. This guy couldn't possibly be for real. Could he? "What are you suggesting?" Tony asked hesitantly. To his surprise this brought a light blush to Steve's cheeks.
Tony looked at him, that was actually a good idea. "Well... I guess that might work..."
"Good good, So, you guys want to do something fun?" The guy asked, again met with a positive response. "Alright! Let's do something crazy. Let's teach one of you suckers to do what I do." A loud cheer rose from the crowd and Steve saw Nat's face light up like a kid at christmas.
"That was amazing." Steve said as he collapsed beside Tony after he'd tossed the condom.
Steve raised an eyebrow.
"Good evening, Ladies, and Gentlemen." A Voice said from the smoke. It soon cleared and revealed a man in a plain black tux. Nothing seemed remarkable about him at all, Steve was seriously confused.
"See, what did I tell you?" The man said to the crowd, who let out a cheer. Steve blushed darkly.
Suddenly a large metal egg rose from the center of the stage. and out stepped the owner of the voice.
"Look Steve, I really like you, like more than I've ever really liked anyone, and that's crazy, because I've only known you for like less than six hours. But I. . ."
Suddenly the spotlight shot to the other side of the stage. Where the man had somehow appeared. "But actually I'm just here to lull you into a false sense of security." The man said, slipping back into his suit jacket. "Because the real act."
Tony choked, "Oh my heart!" He said, reeling back and clutching his chest dramatically, "All this cheesy cliche romance is going to give me a heart attack!"
"It's not where you thought you would be?" Steve finished for him.
'Seeing your smile is the most fun I've had in a long time.'
"Steve I, I need to tell you something. It's. . . If this." Tony gestured between them. "Is going to go anywhere, and I really want it to, then you need to know who I really am before it comes out and you hate me for it. I would rather you hate me now then later."
Slow sexy jazz poured out of the speakers as the man began to undress Steve. The crowd whooped when his shirt finally came off to reveal a toned, tanned chest and a set of washboard abs.
"Man, that is so like you Steve." Sam said with a chuckle.
He laughed even more at Steve's confused face. "I'm sorry." He said as he wiped his eyes. "It's just, you're a teacher. . . I do what I do. . . It's kind of funny."
Fury had actually looked up at that. "Come again? You're settling down?"
"Please touch me." He said quietly.
Natasha and Bruce stood close as they clapped, and Tony gave a small smile as he remembered his part in their closeness. He'd introduced them a couple months into dating Steve and the two, after a bit of an awkward start, soon began a relationship no one saw coming but at this point no one could see ending.
The beefy blond noticed them and made his way over. "Steve! How did you fare this night?" Thor asked, before he noticed Tony. "Ah! Man of Iron, My conquest has mentioned you before. I am pleased you are enjoying my friend's company. He is a good man." Thor said with a smile.
Tony was almost disappointed when they reached the parking lot of his apartment. But when Steve offered to walk him up he didn't mind so much.
Tony was enjoying his hold on Steve's waist as they flew through the crisp night air. He could feel those delicious abs through Steve's plaid shirt. He really hoped Steve didn't plan on continuing the gentleman act once they got to Tony's house. Even if that meant this had all been an act Tony wouldn't mind all that much if he could get this guy in bed. . . Well, not that much.
Tony scoffed but didn't move his hand. "If I quit I don't really have any other way to support myself."
Tony nodded, not looking Steve in the eye at first. But after a moment he felt a warm hand take his and he looked up in surprise.
"I uh, I was just saying, maybe if you had someone helping you it would be easier."
Tony looked at him, "I'm sure if they're your friends they'll be fine."
Tony mumbled a farewell and prepared for his next appearance.
Two hours later Tony was dancing around to celebrate his victory (Steve had gone easy on him), and Steve was laughing at him.
Steve had been too wrapped up in his thoughts to notice something was happening on the stage, and so was taken completely by surprise when an explosion of green smoke lit the stage.
"So Steve, What do you do?" Tony asked as they neared the burger place.
And now here he was, this was it. Steve didn't know what was coming. Tony wanted it to be a surprise.
"So, where do you live?" Steve asked as he fished his keys out of his jacket. "I'll drive you home."
Steve wrinkled his nose, "Ah, thanks. I guess?"
. . .
Tony laughed at that and the rest of their meal passed in lighter conversation.
"Well then, go out and have fun, He seemed like a nice enough guy." Bruce told him, "Though apparently he's friends with Thor."
Four Years (and one engagement) Later:
"Good evening Ladies and Gentlemen,'' the man began. "My Name is Director Fury, And I will be your Ring Master for Tonight here at Shield Circus."
"You went commando?" Steve asked, shooting him a grin.
Steve was surprised, did Thor come here so often that the performer knew him?
Tony blushed, "I left my other underwear here and thongs are uncomfortable."
Steve smiled and offered Tony his hand as they walked over to the lane. 'I hope Nat and Sam can control themselves. . .' He thought as they drew closer.
"Well, I guess this is it." Steve said as they stopped in front of Tony's door.
"Not everything is as it seems." The huge man said in a gravelly voice." Another flash of smoke and the first man stood there in the speedo. "You see, you think you're watching an act."
Steve saw Thor draw a breath to his right.
"Now I know what you're all thinking. 'This guy couldn't be farther from a hulk of anything if he tried.' But I caution you ladies and gentlemen. Not all is as it seems." And with that the man disappeared in a flash of purple smoke, only to be replaced with a Huge man with green tinted skin and a purple speedo.
Steve. We are supposed to have trust in each other. Apparently, we had the opposite." Tears streamed down her face, but Toni still looked at him with burning hatred.
to such a dangerous building would be an understatement.
Rhodey excused them all and was left with a quiet Toni.
WARNING:
She sprinted with the help of her boosters towards the noise. Then, she heard muffled voices.
At the same time, she wanted to be as far away from him as possible. The image of him smashing his shield over her body, telling her he knew of the murder of his parents. Or maybe the memories of being lost in Siberia with no Friday or working suit. The only reason she got back and not died of hypothermia was Peter. Sweet Peter. He actually didn't leave like he said he would. In reality, he had stayed to wait for his mom and followed her in secret. He actually lost her in the mountains and searched for hours until he saw the bunker.
"It's no problem, sweetie. I'm sorry I had to bring back so many memories. At least it showed that asshole how stupid he was, well,
nothing to say.
Baby of mine
“Fuck, I can’t do this.” Toni slid off her bed and put on a night gown. It was jet black and a bit baggy, but she didn’t give a shit. It was probably past midnight, bingo. No one would be awake.
Toni showed up in a new suit. It was a deep red, covered in swirls of blue and white, and had gold platting around her limbs and chest. She looked at the shocked faces and grinned.
Everyone nodded in agreement to his statement. Even Steve did. They all looked coldly at her. This wasn’t the first time, but it still hurt. It didn’t matter how she felt though. Like she’s always done, Toni put up a front and composed herself.
“I know, we have a lot to catch up on, but we don’t have the time to do that. Put your grudges aside because we have more important things to focus on.” Her words were cold and like steel. It succeeded in making everyone shut up and pay attention. Even Wade gave his full attention, not making any witty remarks or jokes.
“Jarvis, details.”
It was filled with questions on what new inventions Toni had in store, being Iron Man, her sex life, yadda yadda yadda. She had grown used to the personal and annoying questions.
Smoke filled the room. It was red. That's all Toni noticed before she collapsed. Venom did as well. Everything went black.
Wade let out a blood curdling scream.
“Spiderman. Stand down.” Toni’s stern voiced stopped him from doing anything else. A bit of guilt was felt for being so disrespectful, but he couldn’t help it.
”Wade! Stop it! I’m a Virgo! It’s not Aries season! Yah nasty and yah need Jesus!”
There were laughs and sounds of agreements. No, Toni Stark would not cry. She didn’t feel anything towards it. She didn’t even hear Steve’s nod at Wanda, still angry at Toni. The second they left, Toni was wrapped into a hug by Peter. Later in the day, she had a full on attack from the spell.
“Good to see you again, everyone. Now, let’s get started.”
With that, the handsome doctor left. Finally alone, Toni Stark broke. She cried and cried nonstop. No sound escaped from her though. Her chest heaved as she struggled for air. Peter squeezed her tighter in his sleep, grounding her. Webby was in a make shift terrarium. It was made out of a tissue box. The tarantula chittered at her in a soothing way.
“Wade. I know you’re heartbroken. You’re angry and upset about it. Peter was taken from you so suddenly. I’m so sorry I wasn’t there to help you. Look, I'm not good with this kind of stuff. But," an empty silence filled the air, "I will try my damn best to help." Toni looked at Wade, only for him to look away. The teenager's shoulders tensed even more and his breath began to hitch. Slowly, so very slowly, Wade looked at her again.
Footsteps snapped Wade out of it. The boxes snickered.
“I do not think you should be talking. You’ve killed and tortured so many people. Including doctors, generals, lieutenants, cornels, commanders, et cetera. Speaking of your deeds, can you lift the spell on my superior? That would be much appreciated. Oh and maybe-“
The teen was fully suited and had his mask on. His eyes narrowed and he clenched his fists and walked over to the spy. Peter was a very lanky teenager and towered over Clint. Still, he wasn’t the absolute giant and unit Wade was. Peter was just as intimidating as the mercenary.
The woman took off her gloves and goggles and made her way through the door. Immediately, she was met with the impatient face of her CEO, classic.
He only cried harder when he felt trembling arms lightly hug him back.
Toni’s lip trembled, “Yes. Surgery.”
He rose his hands in defeat, only to find himself stuck to the wall. Looking at the mirror, he saw that he was trapped in a web. There was webbing coming from his...wrist? “Webby!? What’s happening to me!” The spider chittered some more. She crawled off his shoulder and onto the web. Before Peter could panic even more, he saw that she was snipping away at the strands. “Oh, thank god.” An eternity passed until Peter was freed. He managed to rip off the remaining pieces of counter off his hands and plopped onto bed.
It burned. So badly. She screamed inside her suit, but she had a job to do.
“Come in.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Uhhh hello??!! It’s been forever?? Also, OVER ONE THOUSAND HITS???? THANK YOU SO MUCH <3  You guys are the reason I made this new chapter. Enjoy!
“From what I’ve gathered, Thanos is obviously still alive.” She grabbed a black device from the table and pressed a button, illuminating the room with light. A hologram appeared of space. “Thor told me that the ugly grape summoned a portal of some sort and disappeared.” With another click, Titan appeared on screen.
”Already done miss.”
That was a shocker. The Hulk never admitted being weaker than someone else, leave it to Thanos to change that.
”No, you’re not Jenna Marbles!”
Only herself and Peter were trusted enough with the information. More times than she could count, Wade had come home with them, crying. The small boy would bury himself into her chest and cry about what happened at school. How other children through food at him and call him names and how no adults did anything about it. All their parents told them not to trust Wade. He was strange and crazy according to their snotty mothers and fathers. Toni couldn't understand why they would do that to a child. Sure, Wade had severe schizophrenia, but that shouldn't make him any less of a
"I-I-It's alright W-Wade. Y-Y-Y-You c-can rest. J-Just kn-kn-know th-that I-I-I love you. S-S-So m-much." While everyone else was silent, Peter still talked.
Toni summoned her suit and carried Peter in her arms. He was still screaming and crying. She began to bounce him up and down, rub his back, and hum. Nothing worked. There were moments like these that Peter couldn't be calmed.
"You know how you're pregnant, right? And that you are going to become parents?" That made her shocked, it was so rare for Toni to show her maternal side. Usually it was Eddie ranting about her worries or asking her what clothes would look cuter while Toni gave her best advice with a smile. Sometimes, Eddie would be able to see the pure joy and awe in her eyes as she talked about her pregnancy. In present time, she was nearing the end of her second trimester, and Venom never stopped gushing  over her baby bump or showing his curiosity in human biology. It was adorable.
“Well, someone had to do something after Ultron.”
Stay awesome!
Nebula
"What the fuck..." Toni whispered to herself. Of course, this was Wakanda, a place of advanced technology. Why would they need to use a knob when they can use a screen? At least the shower hear looked somewhat normal. Barely.
She just squeeze his hand tighter. “We’re going to get you better, okay?”
"Uhm. I d-don't know what you mean, Eddie..."
Walking out of the elevator was Steve Rogers, Clint Barton, Natasha Romanoff, and Bruce Banner. “Sup,” she said plainly.  “It’s so good to see you again, Natalie.” Toni winked at her old personal assistant.
"Alright everyone! Put your seat-belts on and keep quite. Mrs. King and I will be taking roll." A shrill voice yelled. Oh god, it was Linda, the president of the PTA club. Her name fit the generic, uptight personality that she had. Toni and Wade rolled their eyes at the same time.
And off they went, running down the halls. Toni shook her head, "Ah, what are we going to do with them, Jarvis?"
”Alright, so you guys know how careful we have to be, right?” Scott said over their taco brunch. The others sighed, knowing the whole spiel.
"I'm going to be in here for a while. Don't let anyone in," the thin, short woman whispered in a hoarse voice. Before she could close the door, Banner placed his hand to stop it. He looked nervous, yet there was a strong resolute look in his eyes.
Her poor son was a complete mess from the kidnapping. No doubts about it.
The past few days had left Toni a wreck. She hadn't slept or eaten at all. Dr. Strange had been very patient with her the entire time. He regularly came in to check on Wade and Toni. Sometimes Peter, but Toni had to send him to Eddie's for the time being. It was a necessary yet painful decision.
Cancer
”I have detected several heat signatures on the top floor. It seems that they are huddled together.”
"That's Mrs. Brock to you, doofus." Eddie held up a hand, showing a black ring on her ring finger. "Venom insisted on the title. The idiot has been watching too much television." She gently petted Venom's head, causing him to purr contently. Hearing the noise, Peter perked up and looked at the snake with his wide doe eyes.  He looked beyond shocked at the black shape.
"What is it, kiddo?" Toni turned around and saw her son right next to her. She had gotten used to how surprisingly nimble and quick her son was, so it didn't startle her to see the boy out of nowhere.
Enough whining, there are more important things to focus on. Like getting who they love back.
Enjoy!!   ;)
It wasn't an uncommon thing to see parents break down and sob. Usually, the parents always had someone with them for comfort. Toni didn't. She was completely alone, only having her son with her.
"GOT IT, MOM!"
“Shut the fuck up, Rogers, before I incinerate your body. He isn’t dangerous, he’s my son. If you and Natasha keep at it, I will kick you out.”
"Oh god, yeah..."
“Ma where are you. I’m scared.” His voice was hoarse from the lack of use and his cries.
"EVERYBODY GET ON THE GROUND." A gruff voice was heard from outside. Venom took over Eddie while Carnage turned into his symbiote form and hide inside her. Even with everything that happened, they were ready to fight and defend.
"Well, whatever you want! Umm. Oh! Video messages. That could work..."
” Even Venom was having trouble getting out those words. An extremely pained expression was on his face as he mentioned Peter. He loved the boy just as much as anyone did.
All that Steve did was look down at his mug and sign. He did nothing wrong. What happened in Siberia was the only thing that could be classified as bad in Steve’s mind. Toni had done even worse things. It would be a lie to say that he wasn’t getting tired of the same cycle. Now, Thor is in the way of him salvaging what he had with Toni. If he was being truly honest with himself, he wanted to keep the only thing in his life that reminded him of Peggy. Toni was her goddaughter after all. They acted too differently, but the genius looked quite similar to her. Steve would have to talk some sense into Toni. He truly regretted what he did, but he doesn’t want to be antagonized 24/7. Captain America wasn’t a war criminal.
"Petey, no. No. No." Denial filled Wade as he ran to his room. Truth be told, it was exactly what he feared the most. Once he saw the glowing Spiderman trinket, his entire world fell apart. The Boxes were dead silent.
”Calming Suit? When have I ever made a suit like that?”
"Alright everyone! We are all going to separate into our assigned groups and enter this building. Remember to stay together and to keep your hands to yourself! Now, let's get going!" Again, the annoying voice of Linda was heard. Her words sounded condescending, as if all the kids and adults were complete idiots compared to her perfect self. Toni had to hide a scoff. How many doctorates or PhD's did Linda have? Did she have one on bullshit? Probably. Seriously, the woman preached about Christianity, anti-vaccinations, how gay people are negatively affecting the world and school, veganism, and the list goes on. It was evident that she only wanted the best for
Little did they know that the Colonel had been planning this special meeting for quite a while. All the original Avengers took their seats, even Toni. The woman had an inkling to what Rhodey was about to do and was powerless to stop him.
"You said it, darling."
"Time to unalive you." With that, he pulled the safety off and aimed at the trembling men. Funny. Then, he pulled the trigger. One. Two. And now he had two corpses. Grasping his middle, he collapsed into a fit of laughter and sobs. This would be his life now.
Saw Iron Man fly after Spiderman. Both getting farther and farther. "No."
“I assume you could not sleep as well?” The woman jumped and looked at Thor. He was in a too small robe and had a strange dessert in front of him. Toni nodded and turned back to the machine.
"Hulk refused to come out."
The roar of the chainsaw made Wade scream. He was coming closer and looked at his exposed stomach. In an instant, he plunged it deep inside his guts. Another scream.
Sounds of gunshots, people screaming, glass breaking, and other voices were everywhere. They got closer and closer to their room. Toni stood as tall as possible, repulsors fully charged up.
No one questioned the woman as she began to state the plan.
Wade screeched in pure agony. “S-STOP, PLEASE!” He was sobbing even more.
It was horrifying.
"Oh, Toni. I'm so sorry. This is so selfish of me, but I still want what we had back then. Can we ever have that?"
"Toni, we have the results. I will not sugar coat anything. Wade Wilson has stage four brain cancer."
“Jarvis, can you find any
”I don’t care! Just do it!”
"Toni..." The super-soldier looked guilty and reached to comfort her out of instinct. She flinched away. Now, Rhodey was getting angry and to her side. Natasha was glaring daggers at Steve. Even she knew that he had crossed his boundaries.
The tears didn’t stop, even as she lied awake in bed for hours. Nothing on her mind accept for
Its was a lazy Sunday morning. There was a three day weekend so Wade and Peter didn’t need to worry about high school. The teens were on the couch, watching YouTube videos.
”Are you serious, Stark?! How can you be so cruel and selfish? You want us to apologize for something you did?” Natasha barked at her.
”And these look human right?”
“Is everyone alright?” It was a stupid question, but she needed to know if there were any deaths.
Everyone was awkwardly eating their breakfast in the dining hall. Except for Toni, she still refused to leave her room. It took a lot of arguing from Rhodey to make them all leave the poor woman alone. Because of Bruce starting to turn green as the yelling progressed, everyone stopped and agreed to not visit her.
Anyways, the genius laughed again before having a more serious expression on her face. She had a flurry of emotions on her face, ranging from fear to excitement to frustration. Eddie sighed, "I can tell something's up Tones. Spill?" A shaky exhale was heard from her close friend.
“Indeed, there are countless of alternate universes that exist. With the infinity stones, Thanos must’ve been able to travel to one of them. He most likely used the space stone.” Wong said solemnly.
Steve was getting frustrated. His cellphone kept making noise. It wouldn't stop for anything. He was trying to control his anger, but it was starting to get to be too much. This week had been horrible. The worst in a long time. He been tossed around in the last mission. During an interview as Captain America, a reporter asked him what he did for a real life job. He had explained that he had only been a soldier. Which was good, but then the papers made it out like he had no other talents. That he was just another stupid man trying to be a hero. They even compared his old time fighting style with Iron Man's brash and up front attitude. He tried to ignore it, but they had just made it even more clear that he was not where he was suppose to be. That his old fashioned ways were not a part of this time.
"Look. I just don't like to be without a shirt on. What does it matter?" He snapped. He rubbed his face before cursing at the fact he now had grease on his face.
"How do you know? Huh? What makes you the expert at my happiness?"
Natasha's voice was soft. It was so infinitely heartbreaking to hear that clear undertone of vulnerability, that Tony couldn't say anything to it. How could he? He knew the Black Widow was a deadly woman who rarely spoke more then a sentence at a time. Yet there she was, almost bearing her soul to him, standing in the Avenger's Tower, calling it her home. It halted the anger for a moment, but it was still there, still wanting him to spew out hate. He struggled not to, struggled to remain silent. It was sheer strength of will that allowed him to remain quiet.
"Uh, yeah you could say that. I think I was…in an accident."
"I can help with that Steve. I can upload a version of JARVIS into your phone so all you have to do is give it voice commands and it will do what you want it to. I can even make it so that if you have any question, JARVIS can answer it for you. You don't have to try and figure everything out for yourself Steve. I can help you. You know that out of everyone in the world, I know how to help you." Tony was still cocky, but there was an undertone of pleading. It was strange, but ever since that conversation, he felt like he could almost hear what Tony wasn't saying. In this case it was almost like he was scared of something. There was bit of fear in Tony's eyes when he pulled away again. Steve tilted his head to one side before asking in a soft tone.
"What do you-" He stopped and gritted his teeth, stopping himself from lashing out at Tony. He took a deep breath and remembered what he was told. He stared at Tony before he followed his instincts on this one. He shrugged off Tony's hands, not missing the hurt look that crossed the man's face, before he yanked Tony into a hug. He needed something, someone solid. He held Tony in the depths of his arms. He felt Tony stiffen before relaxing into the hug, wrapping his arms around Steve's waist. Steve did not know what the protocol on hugs were, but he felt himself calming down. He had Tony there in his arms.
Steve smiled again, "Alright, I'll see you after the show then. Oh, and my name's Steve by the way." He said as he gave a wave and walked back out to rejoin his friends.
Fortunately Tony saved him from further embarrassment by saying they should get started with their game. So Steve waved goodbye to his friends (who had just finished up their game anyway) and they started up the game.
Tony just shook his head, "I'm not sure if you're super naive, out of your mind or just a plain idiot. But you have to be the biggest optimist I have ever met."
The man raised an eyebrow, as did his companions. They all shared a look and Steve could tell they were trying to figure him out. He knew how these people were used to being treated, but he could never possibly bring himself to treat anyone that way.
Tony looked at him for a moment before answering, an act Steve had now gotten used to. "Ah, sure. What did you have in mind?"
Steve's breath finally steady as he surveyed his friends, "So, um . . . How does this work anyway?"
Tony drew a breath, looked in Steve's eyes and decided he would tell him. If anyone could accept him then it was this man before him.
When Tony came he decided that it was the best orgasm of his life. And when he felt Steve reach his end moments later he decided, he wanted to be the only one to ever be with Steve like this, he never wanted another hand to touch this man. And he never wanted another man's hands to touch him.
Tony shot up in bed, looking over to the bed beside him and feeling panic shoot through him at the empty space.
"Alright Steve, take this." Natasha said, handing Steve two fifties.
They had just finished explaining to Steve when the first few bars of Ke$ha's 'Take It Of' came across the speakers.
Tony heard his que and quickly climbed into the egg.
Steve just rolled his eyes, Thor was obviously drunk.
"Wha-? Dad I-"
"After I undressed him in front of an audience he asked me if I would like to go out to dinner after the show and I said sure." Tony answered.
"What about you?" Steve asked, "Is there something else you would like to do or are you happy with what you do now?"
"Wait! Steve! I'm not! I stopped! I'm not that person anymore! I want to be better! Steve! Don't leave!"
Bruce nodded sympathetically. He knew how the true performers got treated, and he knew that when someone came along who didn't treat them like that it was hard to resist.
Nat chuckled, "Nice to meet you, you look familiar, have we met before?" she asked, extending her hand.
Tony drew a breath, anticipating the worst.
"This is the guy Thor comes for." Natasha whispered in Steve's ear.
As his friends parted, Steve swooped in to wrap him in his arms, gazing into those sparkling blue eyes over that purer than gold smile Tony thought about how sometimes, what someone really needs to succeed in life is to find that person that can inspire them.
"Well I was in the National Guard for a couple of years, but these days I'm an Art teacher."
Steve looked at his friends in shock. "You knew?"
Tony grimaced, "Well, I was twenty-four, broke, and starving. The place had just opened up and there was a sign in their window 'Strippers/Performers Wanted' So I went in, figuring I'd seen enough to do some myself. Fury gave me a chance, and when I started bringing in customers I got moved up. Life is pretty good for me now but. . ."
Tony just grinned, "Well I rode with a friend to work today so I could use a lift anyway."
"Well well, mighty patriotic aren't we." The man said with a grin.
There was a moment of light clapping as music started. "First on the stage tonight." said Fury over the speakers. "Is S.h.i.e.l.d's very own Prince of Asgard, Loki is a renowned contortionist and magician."
Steve drove him to the club and let him go with a long kiss. "I'll be back for your show but I've got a few things I've got to do. See you then?" He said with a hopeful gaze.
Steve cut in before Tony had a chance to answer. "Actually you have in a way, tonight, when you threw me at his feet."
"Look Thor, we're headed out. So I'll see you later buddy."
Tony stood there stunned on the mansion steps as the dream began to change.
Tony looked up at him in shock. "You would?" He asked.
"Come on guys, stop it." Steve said as the blush reached his ears.
Tony didn't say anything, only clutched his heart and sighed. 'Why did I just do that?' He wondered, he'd never cared before if someone left him in the middle of the night. He was used to it. Why had Steve's absence had such an effect on him?
Tony kissed his cheek, "Well I am certainly surprised. Is this going to be the nature of our relationship?" His asked as he wrapped his arms around Steve from behind. "Are you planning to spend our time together spoiling me?"
"Exactly like this?" Steve asked, keeping his hands on the bed. Tony shook his head before he tentatively spoke.
Yes, if it meant finding the man that was the main person of his dreams. He wanted that person back in his life. He wanted to feel safe again and he knew he would never feel completely like that until that person was back in his life. The man he was using Zac to replace. He stood up as the sun finally set. He walked back to his apartment, hoping that Zac was not there. He just wanted to sleep the night away. To fall into the nameless man's arms in his dreams.
MSG: She said she already did it. When will you be at the Tower?
"That sounds good, but I don't want to impose. I mean it is her apartment." He said, hedging around the topic. He knew he had no choice. He had no money on him, not that they knew that. He needed a job in order to get money. So Harold was doing a favor for his other friend and making it seem like he was being a good samaritan buy offering Jet his wife's apartment. When in reality he was killing two birds with one stone. He got someone to pay for Lisa's apartment while she lived with him and, likely, got his friend off his back.
Anyone else could have come here, told me this and it would have been fine. But you, you of all people - the great Pretender - being here is too much. Collecting heros in you tower to make up for for your lack of heroism. Acting like you belong, acting like everything is right. It's not.
Tony tensed again before pulling back looking confused for a moment. Then a second later, it seemed to click. The brunette gave him a cocky grin.
"Okay, so it seems you got the aura snap shot part down. Let me help you figure out the rest." And like that, Pepper became to leader of Project: Match. Tony felt no hope for himself to be matched, but he was ever hopeful that Steve would be able to find someone. He just hoped that someone would be able to help Steve feel like a apart of this time as well as give the Super Solider someone to care for. That is what Steve needed.
"I see. Then I must apologize for my zeal. I must return to my woman. We shall see each other again. Jet of the Snow." With that the man walked over, picked his hammer -which by the way had left a huge fucking dent in the concrete of the floor- and left. Jet was even more perplexed before he felt his arms almost get ripped out of his socket. Zac yanked him over, a dark look in his eyes.
"This is my sandwich Tony. I came down here to see what you working on. I know you get into Genius mode. I figured you could at least satisfy part of my curiosity." He said in an even tone, picking up another chip and eating it loudly. He watched Tony twitch. It was clear that hunger was making itself known now that Tony saw food.
He had Tony to thank for that. To risk Steve's cellphone falling into the wrong hands and one of his competitors getting a hold of JARVIS in order to help the out of time soldier get accustom to things was extremely selfless. So in order to repay Tony, Steve made sure the genius ate and slept some what regularly. He helped curb the manic episodes Tony seemed to get into when something did not work the way he wanted them to or when he got a complex idea all of a sudden. While Tony was seemingly unaware of it, Ms. Potts and the team seemed to be glad for it. Tony seemed to come off less stressed and less snippy with the more sleep and food he got in him. Hell, the man even put on more muscle. Steve started to feel better about how things were settling in. They were still fighting crime, either individually or as pairs or as a team. But now their bonds seemed to deepen. They were getting closer to each other. The same could be said about him and Tony.
"Stark"
He looked down at what he was wearing. It was some kind of blue jump suit. He even had some kind of slippers. They did not help ease the heat the was permeating up from the sand, but at least he knew that the sun was going to be setting in two hours. Which would be good. He could make a trip of 30 miles at night and into dawn. At least it was not the heat of the day. He walked towards the road, wanting something other then his strange brain powers as a means of directions. The heat was beating down on on the back of his neck, making it hard to breath and think. The thinking part he was kind of glad for, since his mind never seemed to stop doing things. It was strange, his mind was trying to gather as much useless information as possible. As if it was used to a lot of input from the outside world. He almost wished his brain would fix itself and give him the information he needed about himself.
Tony was taken back by this. He frowned a bit before 'speaking' again with JARVIS
Steve released Tony's neck in favor of putting the brunette on his back. Tony's legs were still on either side of Steve's hips making it convent for the stronger man to thrust his pelvis greedily against Tony's. Tony let out a moan and a whimpered as they rocked together, feverishly seeking out each other's skin. But their clothes were getting in the way. So caught up in the need to assure themselves of each other existence that they forgot to strip.
Nat's eyebrows shot up, and Sam let out a "For real!?"
Steve was having a hard time wrapping his head around the very image of this man and so almost missed the end of his speech.
"So I lose my two best performers in one day?" He'd said with a sigh.
Steve didn't know how to answer that, because truthfully he didn't know what had made him actually give in to his three friends. He'd always declined outings like this, mostly because they were usually orchestrated by his friends to get him laid.
Steve looked at the other man as he began to undo his pants. He was surprised to see in his eyes a silent apology. The whoops of approval and laughter that followed the unveiling of Steve's stars-and-stripes boxers almost made Steve himself chuckle. He knew he should've just gone with the plain black ones.
Sam chuckled, "We can always count on you to enjoy yourself Thor, that's not the point."
"Well, now that I've gotten you fully disrobed, well almost. I will let you go." The man said, taking a step back.
"Farewell my friend!" Thor called as they roared out of the parking lot.
Two Weeks Later:
"I couldn't-"
They spent the day together, Steve took Tony out for his second cup of coffee and they sat there talking and learning more about each other for hours, till it was time for Tony to get ready for work.
"Tony, what's wrong?" Steve asked to sit beside Tony on the bed. "Tell me." He said, giving Tony those puppy eyes again.
'I'm fairly certain there were no blueberries or pancake mix in my kitchen.' Tony thought as he peeked his head into the kitchen, clad only in a red towel that was wrapped around his waist.
Tony eyed him, trying to figure out if he was being condescending or not. He didn't seem to be, so Tony answered truthfully. "Actually, I always wanted to be an architect. But school wasn't what was on my mind when I was in my early twenties."
"What is it, what is it?!" Steve said, yanking open the bathroom door (Where he had been for most of Tony's short dream).
"Yeah me neither. We were planning to get one of the performers to get you out of your comfort zone. But now that you're 'out' this will be way more fun." Natasha said.
Luckily though, Loki got out of the chains without slipping just in time and then the part of the act that most of the people in the club had been waiting for began.
Tony tried to stop his laughter from bubbling up but he failed.
The man finally nodded slowly, "Ah, sure. I get off in about 45 minutes. . . If you want to wait till then."
Tony nodded, "Unless, I don't know, you want to come in?" He asked as noncommittally as possible, looking at Steve out of the corner of his eye as he fumbled with his keys. His heart skipped a beat when another of those pure-as-angel-tear's smiles flashed his way.
"I recall nothing...not even my own name. Except...a man, blond with blue eyes...darker than your own" The hand on his shoulder flexed for a moment. A contemplative look crossed his face before he looked at Zac. He seemed to come to a realization. He let Jet go before nodding.
Everyone in SHEILD knew that Tony was an ass, but he was an ass for a reason. He was the strongest Mentalist ever record in history, which also meant he was the closest to insanity and self-destruction then the rest of the world. The man courted death and agony like he courted a willing woman. Tony did not like people in general because their thoughts and feeling constantly bombarded him. He knew the darkness in a man's heart and the selfish thoughts that were always on a person's mind. The only reason he could stand being on the Helicarrier was because most of the agents were paired off. Not all were perfect matches, but a majority of them had strong bonds. It helped keep the operatives ground and rooted. It also kept their mental waves down to near nothing when they were around each other.
"Yes, yes you can because you are already on your way over with Natasha to bitch at me about how I missed the Research and Development meeting." Tony said in a tired tone, his mind instantly reaching out to find her. He had a lock on her mind since she used to give his mind some kind of a reprieve. Her thoughts were kinda like an exasperated older sister. But her thoughts and feeling where always colored by affection. When she was annoyed or angry at him, there was still a strong sense of compassion, love and understanding.
As he started to come to, he was assaulted from all sides by everything. Sounds, smell, sensation, and tastes. He was grabbing at the sheets in agony. His eyes snapped open as he teared at his wrists, searching for the cuffs only to find his wrists bare. He let out an agonizing snarl as he looked around, trying to find them. The cuffs were the only thing that allowed him a moment of sanity. They allowed him not to be consumed by the sensations. The sensation were eating away as his sanity already. He struggled to keep his mind focused on where he was, but everything was too much. Just too much. He was spiralling down and he couldn't stop himself. He felt some one outside himself trying to help but it wasn't enough. He kept spiralling.
"Yeah, I am not. Or else I wouldn't have offered them. I'll be right back." Zac said as he walked out of the room with a shrug. Jet was a little taken back by the man's attitude, but it was fine. He figured the man had been trying to go to bed before they disrupted the entire building. Or at least, that is how Jet rationalized it. The blond came back in with the razor and the tooth brush before bidding Jet good night. On his way out, Zac paused and gave Jet a once over. Jet felt both exhilaration and ill at this. He gave Zac a cocky grin before the man waved him off and left. Jet waited exactly three seconds before he bolted to the door and locked all the locks. He stood there, placing his forehead no the door for a moment. He did not understand what he was feeling. Did not understand why he was reacting to things the way he was. All he knew is that he had to survive long enough to figure that all out.
Steve walked up the stairs and into Tony's room. He took the man's shoes off before laying him in bed. He tucked the genius in before leaving the room silently. He was walking towards the living room to rest for the remainder of the night.
"That is true. Tony discovered that each Sentinel has a signature...aura of sorts. Their perfect match has the exact opposite aura. They counter act each other. But if there is not Perfect Match to be found, and you feel like you can not wait, we can culminate a list of near perfect matches for you to look over. Our goal is to help Sentinels and Guides have a better life. Especially a Sentinel of your caliber." She explain with a pleased tone. It was clear that she was proud of this project. It may have been Tony's gadget and find, but it was Pepper's project. She looked over to the door and gave a fond smile. Steve looked over to see Natasha materialize for a moment only to vanish as Coulson walked by the door way. He chuckled a bit. It was clear that both of them were checking in on their matches. It was kinda nice to know that soon he may have that himself. He looked back at Pepper.
Tony whined as Steve took more into his mouth, his tongue caressing the vein that ran up the underside of his penis, sending shots of pleasure through his body. Tony fisted Steve's blond hair automatically, but released it quickly.
The truth was he was still, after ten years of knowing who he was, ashamed that he liked guys.
Tony nodded and gave him a smile, "I'll wink at you."
Natashe just looked mildly surprised and Thor simply replied "I never thought you would actually say it aloud my friend." As he patted Steve on the back.
"Yes, It has been upon my thoughts since you agreed Steve, What made you finally surrender?" Thor asked as they finally found a good table.
And moments later when it was slipping into him he congratulated himself on getting this amazing man into bed with him. But all misplaced praise flew out of his mind as, after a minute to let Tony adjust, Steve began to move.
At one point He and Sam had to hold Thor back when the Prince almost slipped.
Steve nodded, "I want a relationship with you Tony, if you don't want that that's fine, just tell me. I'll be sad about it, but I will respect your feelings. If you do want that though. . . " He looked at Tony with those hopeful puppy eyes that had already driven him crazy before.
Loki began to swing back and forth till he was flying over their heads in great arches. During one arch Thor reached up and, with the softest touch so as not to disturb Loki's flight, slipped a bill into the aerialist's thong.
"I would still be at S.h.i.e.l.d tomorrow to see if we could do this again."
He turned as he did and saw his friends sitting in the stands cheering for him, louder than any of his other classmate's families.
"Now let's try this again." The man said with a snap of his fingers.
Steve just cast his eyes down, it's not really possible to blush when your face is already red.
. . .
Tony covered his mouth with his hand as he tried to hold back his laugh. "You are just too adorable. First you take me out to dinner and now you want to take me bowling?"
"Ah, Hey." He said with another of those smiles that might have been the real reason Tony had said yes.
Natasha laughed, "That sounds like Rogers alright, the last gentleman on earth."
Steve lit up, "Sure!"
And he was kind of getting sick of it. especially as he wasn't the virgin they assumed he was. he'd just never had sex with a woman. . . So he didn't think it counted. . . Or something.
"Good evening My subjects." Loki purred.
Tony raised an eyebrow at that, "You mean that customer of Loki's?"
As he took the stage moments later he didn't do his usual routine. Instead he took the mic early and motioned to Maria up in the sound booth to bring down the music.
Finally his name was called and Tony walked up the stairs to receive his diploma from the president of the university.
Tony smiled and snuggled close to Steve, something else he wouldn't usually do. "Yeah it was. . . It was amazing, and so are you." Tony said, enjoying the happy blush that spread across Steve's face.
"Just let me finish?" Tony said, shooting him a look. Steve nodded and let Tony continue. "The truth is I did go to college, I went to Cornell for a year, but then I made some friends, the bad kind. They got me drinking, smoking pot, and doing lines. And soon that's all I did, that summer when I went home I just sat in my room in a state of blissed out hell. My Dad found me like that and threw me out.
Loki continued, "Of course none of this would be any fun if there weren't stakes." The purple man came from backstage pulling a rope with a hook on the end that was connected to the rigging above their heads. He slipped it into the chains and stepped back. "This line will continue to raise me up for five minutes. At the end of that time it will go slack. There is a second line located in the rafters. If I cannot get free by that time. . . " Loki paused for effect. "Well let us hope that does not happen." With that the act began.
"So did you drive to work or is it okay if we take my bike?" Steve asked as they crossed the street.
"Yeah, though he would love to be more than a customer from what I've heard. But his royal highness will of course not let him."
Tony's brow had shot up. "Loki's quitting too!" He'd said in surprise.
"So, how did this happen?" She asked, pointing between the two of them.
Tony looked up at him in shock. "You rode to a strip club on a Motorcycle?"
Tony's hand felt warm and comfortable wrapped in Steve's, and he wished his stairwell would go on forever (The elevator broke months ago). As they neared his floor Tony decided that what he really wanted was for every moment with this man to last a thousand years. He couldn't possibly be real could he?
Tony grinned and spoke for the first time. "Well, friend for now." He said with a smirk and a look that made Steve blush.
Steve nodded. He was surprised at the man's kindness.
Soon Tony was walking through a foggy landscape when Steve suddenly appeared.
Steve's face lit up, "Sure!" He said happily, "Where should I meet you?"
'Well their service is certainly fast.' Thought Steve as he was dragged away.
Tony led him through the club and out the back door into the alley. They walked in silence at first before Tony finally couldn't take it anymore.
Tony's eyes filled with tears he tried to blink away. But as Steve kissed him again in long drawn out motions, He just let himself go. Maybe this was it, maybe this was the point where his life finally started making sense, where the knight in shining armor finally saved the day (Hey, who said that dream was just for girls?). Maybe this was his happy ending. . .
"Bowling sounds good to me." Tony said with a grin.
Tony nodded absent mindedly. "I think so, I just sort of answered without really thinking. . . nobody's ever just. . . asked me out to dinner."
"Sure." He said in a gentle voice.
'Oh shit.' Steve thought. He knew what was coming next.
Tony waited nervously below the stage for Bruce to finish the intro to his act. Two weeks ago he'd gone to Fury's office as soon as he'd gotten into the building.
Steve rubbed the back of his neck sheepishly. His bike was the one thing people never suspected about him, but he loved the thing. "Uh, yeah. I have a car but I hate using it."
Tony pointed and soon Steve was prepping him in earnest and ripping open a condom to slip over his own aching cock. Somewhere along the line, when Tony had been too blissed out by the blow job, Steve had removed his shirt and slacks, revealing a length as impressive as Tony had anticipated.
Steve heard and rewarded him with a smile and a pair of pouty pink lips on the head of his cock.
"Alright," The man said with a smile, "Let's get started."
He'd just laughed and said that was the point, it was enough that he got the 'whore' treatment at work. He didn't want it in the streets. Not that he couldn't take care of himself if he needed to, it was just less of a hassle. And he liked these clothes anyway.
Over the next five minutes Steve found himself holding his breath almost continually. Because not only did Loki have to wiggle free, he also had to make sure he didn't just slip out of the chains and fall to his death.
Steve watched as the dark Prince was draped in chains that were then padlocked shut.
Tony turned to see Bruce, still in his purple speedo and suit jacket, coming over to him.
