Castiel’s face is still red when he nods, slowly moving the phone towards him so he can type in the phone number. He pushes Dean’s phone back to him with two fingers. Then he grabs Dean’s closer shoulder, and squeezes the meat of it with his palm. “Will I… will you sit with me tomorrow?”
Dean stood, and sleepily walked Castiel to the door. "Thank you for coming," Dean said, desperately trying to hide his disappointment. He touched Castiel's cheek. "Call me when you get home, alright?"
He placed his hands lightly on Castiel's hips, careful because they were now slick with blood. "Please, Cas."
“Ugh, Dean,” Sam puts his backpack in the backseat, walks around the driver side and makes Dean scoot over. He takes them back home to the apartment.
"Well I thought I was just praying to you, so," I licked my lips a little and then trailed my eyes up and down his body. "Well, now that you're here..."
Dean smiles and orders a beer from Nick, the bartender, then walks over to Castiel. Something is different this time though. Castiel is hunched over the table, empty shot glasses overturned and scattered around him (that part is normal, sadly) with his face hidden in the crooks of his arms.
At this point, Sam really wants to throw that night with Victor back in Dean’s face. But he isn’t going to. He lifts his hands in surrender instead. “Alright, alright! You have a point. Go have fun, will you?”
He sat up a little, leaning forward to push me onto my back. He raised that dominating eyebrow and looked down at me, reaching one hand up to loosen an pull off his tie. "How about I just kiss you instead?"
“The world already spins,” Castiel sits up a little bit, resting the side of his face on his hand. “Merry-go-rounds are incapable of taking steroids. They have no living cells.”
"I'm so happy for you!" He hugged Castiel again. Castiel groaned, feigning annoyance, but hugged his brother back anyway.
Castiel eats slowly and quietly, so Dean stays quiet too and focuses on his chicken sandwich. He hasn’t had one from here before, and it’s really good. Castiel got chicken tenders (which,
Dean sort of freezes, but takes his hand back. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to --” Dean stops talking when Castiel looks back at him again.
I didn't feel trapped, but maybe I should have. He was literally on top of me -- actually, just last week I had a dream about this exact scenario, except of course for the small change that he wasn't saying anything and he was naked. I blinked those thoughts away and looked up at him in anticipation.
Castiel isn’t looking at Dean anymore; his face is so red, he’s probably trying to calm himself down. He just shakes his head no.
"Yes," He shifted off my legs and spread them, bending my knees and wrapping his arms around my thighs. He kissed down each one, on the sensitive inner thigh, from my knee to the crease near my pelvis. Then he slowly took me in his mouth, and I moaned a little louder. "Oh, Cas."
They didn't talk about what happened the night before, but everyone knew. Dean was uncharacteristically quiet, sitting next to Castiel and trapping one of his legs with both of his. Castiel rested one hand on Dean's knee, a comforting touch, to try to get him to ease into the conversation.
He pursed his lips, in focused concentration. "What do you usually do with someone you're having inter--"
at Dean was enough to turn him on. But he had to refuse, it wouldn't feel right if he had sex with Dean while he was still in a bad place.
“It’s not charity, idjit. It’s called love. Sometimes you need help, and the people you love are always gonna help,” Bobby said it gruffly. “Now take the damn job.”
Dean reaches down to unzip his jeans and Sam helps, sitting back on his calves to pull down Dean’s pants. He takes them off and throws them over the side of the bed. He takes off his own pants and lifts off his shirt, leaning down to kiss Dean again.
"I'm sorry, Cas," I started to let go of his waist. "I didn't mean to--" He covered his mouth again with his hand, looking up at me through his eyelashes once more. I looked away, embarrassed, and stepped back. My eyes dropped to the floor. "I'm sorry."
Okay we got some incest and discussions of trans stuff, such as T shots (hormone therapy, where trans men are given testosterone shots), bottom growth (which is basically just Dean's cock, and it's referred to as bottom growth and cock throughout), and chest binders.
Castiel didn't speak for awhile, but he stood with some difficulty and pulled Dean down onto the couch with him. He took Dean's hand and set it on his face, wincing slightly as Dean felt. "I got in a fight."
He stood so they would fall off his legs, and he reached for my belt, undoing it a little faster than I did his, and peeled my pants away. "Can I touch you here?" I asked.
"Dean," he whimpered a little, and flipped us around again. He held my arms above my head and looked down at me like I was the most fascinating thing in the world.  He leaned down again, kissing my cheeks and chin and neck and his hands wandered downward to my waist, teasing a little before he touched me.
Castiel seems to freeze, and his jaw drops a little. His face slowly flushes a deep red. His mouth opens like he wants to say something, but he closes it and just stares at Dean.
Dean just smiles and adjusts his head on his hand. After a few moments, he says, “I do have to get going, y’know, for dinner. Do you have a phone?”
Dean lays back down and spreads his legs, bending his knees, so Sam can kneel between Dean’s legs with the lube. “Do you want anal today?”
so with that said, warnings for this chapter: Homophobic ideas, homophobic slurs, homophobic violence, anxiety, and fear. Trauma and self worth/self esteem issues. Also i introduce an asshole. I apologize for creating this character (cough cough Zachariah cough).
“Thank you,” Castiel says, looking at Dean. “I think you’re beautiful. Although I believe you don’t value yourself, and you’re going to disagree with me about your appearance.”
When Castiel finished eating, he tapped Dean's legs to get his free, and stood. "Well, I'm going to take Jimmy home. It was nice to see you again, Jess, Sam." He nodded to both of them, and grabbed Jimmy by the arm. "Dean, are you coming?"
I looked back at myself in the mirror, then let go of my shirt collar. I wondered why exactly he kept meeting me, what he wanted out of this relationship... It was all very confusing. Sometimes he wasn't exactly human, and it showed -- he wouldn't understand the simplest of little kisses, always asking why I gave them to him.
Castiel shakes his hand and stands, and when Dean walks away he looks back to see Castiel looking at the business card in his palm. Castiel looks so excited, and he looks up at Dean, and Dean smiles at him.
“Alright,” Dean pulls his phone out of his pocket and opens up a new contact. He types in ‘Cas’ as the name, and sets his phone on the table. “Put your number in there and I’ll call you.”
, Sam, you know I’m not depressed, I’m not suicidal -- and it’s just a date. I can take care of myself.”
Dean wipes his face and looks back on the bar. “Interesting guy,” He takes a drink of his beer, and notices a twenty dollar bill on the table top. “I didn’t pay you yet, did I?”
Dean’s usually very repulsed by any mention of tomorrows or commitments… but imagining it with Cas… it doesn’t sound so scary.
They sat there for a while, and when Sam and Jess came home, Dean took Castiel to his room. They laid down on Dean's bed, and Castiel curled himself around Dean, breathing shallow breaths.
I swallowed a little, and nodded quickly at him. "O -- Okay," I huffed a small smile at him. "That works."
He sat back on the bed and nodded in reply, so I kissed him again and reached down between his legs. He gasped a little, and wrapped an arm around my shoulders. He was sort of overwhelmed for a while, unable to move, but when I kissed him again, he kissed back and his hands wandered all over me, going at an agonizingly slow pace.
And he was really close so I tried to push him away, but instead my fingers wrapped around the lapel of his coat and held it so tightly. "I don't know," I said again.
There were more moans and pleas from Dean, some wordless, and some were Castiel's name. His breath hitched and he lazily kissed Castiel again, closing his eyes. He came after a few minutes, moaning again, this time against Castiel's lips in a kiss.
from him. Dean shrugs and sits, placing his beer gently on the table. “Can I ask you something, Castiel?”
"Morning, Sunshine," I smiled again, still feeling tired. I leaned forward a little to hug him, hooking my chin on his shoulder. "What are you doing here? I thought you had some flying-monkey shit to do."
"Of course," He said quickly. Then he looked down at his hands, folded on his lap. "I'm unsure, actually."
"They're not flying monkeys, Dean," Cas sighed, one that sounded long-suffering. I wondered if it was genuine for a brief moment, before he turned to meet my eyes, his lip corners raising in a small smile. "But no, I -- as you'd say -- I have the day off."
"It's a picture of us," Castiel rested his chin on Dean's shoulder, looking at it. "I know you can't see it, but I thought you might like to have it."
His free hand reached up and covered my mouth, mirroring his hand on his own face. Then his hand dropped from his face, and he glared up at me with intense blue eyes. "You haven't learned."
"Yeah," I licked my lips lightly, and I realized he was staring at them. "It's just -- a feeling you get around them, and it's -- it's hard to explain, Cas."
, which he excitedly accepted. "I've always wanted to read this book!" He hugged Dean quickly. "Thank you."
Jimmy looked a little confused. "Isn't that a good thing? I thought you wanted this to be a serious relationship."
He pulled away after a minute or so, and I grinned up at him again. "That counts as one kiss," my hands found their way to his stomach. "Right?"
He wakes up an hour later, and finds Sam at the kitchen table doing his biology homework. In one fist is a clump of his long hair, and the other is a highlighter. He looks extremely frustrated.
They ate a quiet breakfast with Sam and Jess, who talked about when classes were starting again. Jimmy was passed out in the corner, cradling a pillow in his arms. Castiel huffed in amusement at his brother, and gently woke him so he could eat with them.
He pulled away for a moment, dropping his arms back down to his sides. He turned his face away, so I could only see his profile. Then that one blue eye looked at me sideways. Then suddenly he was pressing his lips against mine, holding my face with his hands, and pressing his chest into mine.
Dean smiles as wide as he can, and holds out a freshly cleaned hand to Castiel. “Dean Winchester,” he says.
warnings for this chapter: gentle ableist bullshit (cause Dean doesn't know the layout of the room), anxiety, and more ableist bullshit
He was a little ... Dean and him hadn't done anything more than kiss in over six weeks. Castiel had some pent up sexual frustration. It had almost gotten to the point where even
I made a noise of surprise, and when I wasn't completely responsive, he pulled away to look at me. He covered his mouth with one hand, "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have done that."
“Dean, I don’t really care about that, I like you because you’re you and you’re hot and -- uh, I mean, I would love to cook for you and maybe uh, kiss a little if you want? Oh, God, I should stop talking, I’m sorry.”
His eyebrows furrowed a little as he thought about it, but then he leaned in and kissed me like his life depended on it. I was a little caught off guard, but I didn't complain. He pulled away and kept his eyes closed for a moment, and his hands grasped mine and pulled them down his front, to rest against his stomach. He looked at me again. "It makes me want to kiss you," he said quietly, and he rocked back and forth a little, like he was trying to decide if he should lean in and kiss again. He ultimately didn't, and he dropped his head to look at his lap, at our hands intertwined there. "It feels like butterflies in my stomach -- even though I don't understand how that's possible --"
Jimmy looked a little confused. "Isn't that a good thing? I thought you wanted this to be a serious relationship."
Castiel looked around, making sure no one was listening to him. "It's just that," He started slowly, meeting his brother's eyes. "We haven't had sex yet."
Dean scratches the back of his neck. “No, I’m uh… I’m actually going on a date. Gettin’ dinner with him.” Dean blinks,
“Yeah, is that okay?” Dean blushes and backs away a little. “I didn’t mean… we don’t have to do anything, that’s -- that’s not why I asked!”
“Dean!” Sam looks and sounds so excited. “I’m so proud of you! What’s his name? What’s he like? Will there be another date?”
Chapter summary: John drunkenly has sex with his daughter, Deana, and only receives her consent because he threatens to rape her younger brother Sam. After having sex, Deana goes to Sam's room to find comfort.
Castiel was a little nervous, simply because Sam and Jess were sitting right there, staring at him. He pulled away from the kiss, and whispered into Dean's ear. "You can thank me later."
"That's not true," he broke the silence, turning his head to follow me with his eyes. They drifted to my shoulder, where the heel of his palm burned onto my skin was visible under my short sleeve shirt. "I left that mark on you."
Castiel doesn’t move for a few seconds, and only replies with a muffled hum, “Mmf,” and slowly moves farther into the booth, moving his legs first, then dragging his upper half across the table.
He didn't like that. He stopped walking, and turned Dean's face towards him again. "You did, huh?" He wasn't upset or anything, he just took the opportunity to mess with Dean further. He smiled inwardly, determined not to break his poker face.
I threaded my fingers in his hair and he started bobbing his head up and down, licking and sucking and taking me all in at once. I moaned again, and pulled on his hair. He sucked a little harder, and I couldn't help but buck my hips upward, careful not to hit him in the face.
It had been a few weeks. Since Castiel touched me for the first time. Well, second time. I realized it after I saw him again; I had a crush. And every time he looked at me, my body would react before I could think of anything to stop it. I had to excuse myself more than once.
After a few weeks of well -- how do I put this delicately -- fucking each other's brains out, we finally decided to figure out what this was. He seemed to know what I was thinking before I said it though, which was kind of nice.
"Of course," He pecked Dean's lips and touched his hand, holding on for one more moment. Then he left, and Dean felt alone again.
“Nobody you need to worry about,” Dean growls, pushing his way out of the bar and outside. The November chill makes him see his breath as he talks. “What’s up?”
Dean nods, but Castiel doesn’t move at all. Well, he moves further in on his side of the booth. Dean chuckles and slides his drink across the table, then gets out of his seat to sit next to Cas. He watches Dean move and sit, and then they’re just staring at each other.
Castiel nods. “I like them,” He gently reaches out and moves Dean’s hand, grasping it firmly and moving it back down to Dean’s lap.
Dean catches his eyes once or twice and smiles, and Castiel blushes and looks away. After a while, Dean gets more focused on Castiel’s car and finds out that his radiator is cracked, and he’ll need a new one. Dean usually gets Bobby to talk to the customers, but Dean grabs a rag and walks over to where Castiel is sitting.
Alright so there's that, and again i'm sorry. Good thing you don't have to wait a whole week though, right?
Cas let me, and when I tossed him onto my bed he looked up at me with the Sexy Eyes and shrugged off his trench coat, reaching up to undo his tie, and tossing both to the floor. I kept my eyes on his the entire time, pulling my shirt over my head and kicking off my boots. He pulled me closer by my belt loops, kissing me again, and I reached down to his belt to start undoing it.
"Yeah, oh," I stood again and kissed his forehead. He was too adorable not to. "So," I continued, turning away and sitting down to put on my shoes. "You have a day off. What do you want to do with it?"
Castiel went slowly, trying to savor this first time. He felt the drunk heat leave his skin a bit, and he moaned against Dean's neck. Dean sat up the slightest bit, changing the angle and making Castiel come a little quicker than he wanted to.
I kept my hand on his thigh, squeezing it closer to my body, and brought the other to the side of his face, so I could press our lips together again. I pushed up against him and flipped us around, pushing him back into the floor and hungrily kissing him, wrapping his legs around my waist. I pressed into him further and his arms wrapped around my shoulders, pulling my body even closer.
"Dean," He scared me one night, when Sam was out doing research, when I was alone and watching TV. "Can I ask you something?"
I chuckled a little, and raised myself onto my knees so I could lean his head back and kiss him into the bed. He put up no resistance, his hands immediately coming up to hold my sides, and he leaned back slowly, all the while kissing me so
When I started having dreams about him -- that was when I knew I needed to do something about this. And as all things tend to do, those thoughts wouldn't leave my brain when I woke up.
"I'm not expecting you to know -- not right now at least," He opened his eyes again. "But I think I've heard what I needed to, Cas." I stood up again, to grab some socks and shoes, but he hooked his fingers in the waistband of my jeans, holding me in place. "What?" I asked gently.
That little kiss from Castiel, or whatever his name is, was probably the most action Dean’s gotten in several months. It makes him kind of sad. Instead of crying about it, he decides he needs a beer.
“Alright, jerk,” Sam grins, and opens the door for Dean, pushing him out into the hall. “Make sure to ask before you kiss him!” And the door gets slammed shut and locked.
I smiled a little at him, "It's a --" I flushed immediately and decided not to explain. "Just -- do you have some time to stay with me for awhile?"
Dean pulls back slowly and opens his eyes. He grins at Cas, when he opens his eyes too, and rubs his thumb against Cas’s cheekbone. “You’re pretty good at that, Cas,” Dean smiles.
He swallowed nervously, making his Adam's apple bob. I grinned at him and kissed him again, letting his pants slap against his stomach. He yelped slightly, and I wrapped my arms around to his back.
Just to be clear (cause i forgot to mention it before) I'm not blind and i am basing a blind person's life purely on my own imagination. I did take a couple things into account like how blind people listen with their ears not their eyes (basically they don’t look at a speaker) and they keep their backs straight (my mom is convinced it's because they don’t stare at phones) but I'm not an expert so I may have a few things wrong. So apologies for that.
“Yeah,” Dean pauses and thinks about why Castiel is saying that. “Do you want me to leave? Is that why you’re saying that? I’m really sorry, y’know, about before, tequila makes me weird.” Dean sort of slides away, putting one foot on the ground in case he needs to make a quick exit.
I looked over my shoulder to look at him and jumped because he was right next to me, standing now. "I wanted to see how you were doing."
“I believe his exact words were,” Gabriel stands up straight and copies Castiel’s gravelly voice, “‘He’s the most beautiful man I’ve ever seen’.”
Cas’s eyes dart away and stay away, and then he’s tracing the table’s grain pattern again. “You have no obligation to be here, Dean.”
"Hey, see, look, I'm all better now." I smiled at him, and the awareness came back to my mind. He still looked grumpy. "Hey, come on, I'm sorry. I just missed you and definitely drank way too much."
I decided to post a few days earlier than usual because I hate the weekly posting. So the next chapter will be up on Tuesday like normal, and I think I'll post every other day until the fic is done. I know you don't like waiting and I definitely don't like waiting, and I have a terrible memory, and Tuesdays are just SO far apart. So every other day it is.
Of course Dean was still harassed and asked about it, even having to do a few TV interviews to clear up the confusion
Dean raised a brow "One of them doesn't happen to be named Gabriel does he?" Castiel frowned "Actually, yeah- how did you know?"
Castiel raised a brow at him in question so Dean elaborated "I had a place like this back in Kansas, I lived there my whole life so moving for college made me a little home sick- not to mention I left my younger brother behind."
Dean sucked on his neck, giving soft pecks to the spot "What does that mean?" He asked, kind of losing his boner at all the talking. Then it hit him..Cas had been acting weird ever since-
He helped himself to Dean's fridge and pulled out a six pack of beer, flopping down on the couch, uncapping a cold bottle and taking a swig. He'd kept his face blank and without emotion since the drive over but suddenly the dam broke and he was sobbing uncontrollably.
Cas blinked obviously taken back by the question "Um..I guess I just knew, I didn't see girls like I was supposed too, besides when my first girlfriend wanted to have sex and I couldn't get hard I pretty much knew"
Castiel ignored the insult, "At least I don't go around pretending to have sex with girls I don't even like." Dean scoffed, "You're full of shit- you don't know crap about me."
Gabriel's eyes looked up and he frowned hard as Sam spoke, "But no one knew that..they just thought it was funny to call me a faggot so everyday I was punched, kicked and bullied in every way possible for two years. I was this scrawny kid who for some reason deserved to be brutalized for two whole years." Sam swallowed..he really never wanted Gabriel to know this.
"You wanna talk Cas?- let's talk" Dean turned to him, standing up "You kissed me- I didn't even-..." He huffed avoiding Cas' eyes "Cas..I grew up one way- I was taught all these things that are seared into my brain"
Dean hung up and stepped out of the bathroom, slowly reaching for his pants and pulling them on, watching Castiel very closely, he reached for his shirt but quickly realised that Castiel had used it to rid Dean's chest of cum, he sighed and decided to borrow Castiel's thanking god that it fit okay though not bothering to tuck it in, he slung his rumpled blazer on and tucked his phone in his pants, he couldn't help but stare at Castiel again.
It wasn't a hard job just boring, that's what is life was, flying out every week to make business deals, he had a very limited circle of friends because in his experience people just want to take advantage of you and most of the time they only see the money
gay people trying to debunk bisexuality and push the narrative that you had to chose one or the other.
Dean nodded, "Yeah I remember..we kissed." He was sure of it, he wouldn't forget something like that, but Castiel was shaking his head "It wasn't a real kiss, it was a joke."
The door opened and there stood Gabriel's brother, a very confused looking 6'1 dark haired man wearing a white dress shirt under a long blue sweater paired with some casual jeans, one suitcase by his side, "Gabriel."
"There's time, graduation is a month away thats enough time for us to figure it all out just..please, don't say no."
Castiel didn't respond and instead sat the beer down next to his towel on the chair, Dean was heading towards the diving board, and Castiel watched as he expertly positioned himself before taking a dive. He knew that Dean was a good swimmer but he'd never really seen the swim captain in water up close only on videos that his friend Charlie showed him.
Dean knew that Sam and Gabriel had been hearing that for years, or some variation of it, with them being so different and all "Yeah well they make it work." He said to his future brother in law, "Sammy has been real anxious to meet you, he even gave me a lecture on manners."
"We're not together, Cas just..kissed me- I don't know why he kissed me- god why did he have to kiss me?"
Sam and Gabriel knew Dean was right. It was the truth, being bisexual wasn't easy, because most people just weren't accepting, it's not that they didn't understand they just choose not to listen because when they pictured a bisexual person it wasn't someone just loving another person they were interested in (man or woman) it was two guys and a girl having a threeway or two girls and a guy having a threeway, love, feelings and emotion weren't even considered as factors.
Castiel- Dean's official sexual awakening, he liked girls- only been an a relationship with two of them- but guys seemed to open his eyes a little bit more
Gabriel huffed pushing his lip out "Fine but it's not gonna be easy you two would be adorable together."
Castiel beamed at Dean and Dean returned the smile, leaning in for a soft kiss, he decided right then and there that he could do it, because out of all the people who didn't want to be with him due to his sexuality Castiel was the only one who came back with a new understanding of who he was.
Dean had let Castiel down to fish out his keys and open the door, before following him inside and kissing him again just as passionately as before. Dean did not think the night would go like this when it started- I mean yes he expected at
Dean shrugged as he played with the beer bottle in his hand picking at he label "School is going pretty great- I got some awesome friends..and I recently figured out that I'm bisexual..."
But even though Castiel turned eighteen weeks ago Dean wanted to wait, because they were both eighteen now and close to graduation they were getting sloppy with their rendezvous so aside from school the Impala was the only place they would see each other and though he loved his car Dean was not having Castiel's first time be in Baby, Castiel deserved better and that's what he was going to give him.
Dean sighed, was it really that crazy?- he never really thought about it much but did he want to stay in Lawrence for the rest of his life?- he could get that engineering degree he'd always dreamed about but ignored because of how far fetched it sounded, they could rent a two bedroom and he could share a room with Castiel.
Lucifer smiled, wide and evil "Good." He was led to the vehicle by bodyguards and entered the SUV with a huff, straightening out his suit, as Gordon got into the drivers seat. "Where to Mr Novak?"
She shrugged, "I have friends."  Dean nodded "Fine- now keys." He put his hand out and she placed keys in his palm "Just lock up when your done- and please don't have sex in here, my mom would kill me, she's still mad for that stunt you pulled at Christmas."
Benny shrugged his brows "Well he's not wrong, I mean when was the last time you actually dated someone since-" Dean gave him a hard glare "Him" Benny saved himself
Castiel shrugged nonchalantly, "A few times, but it never got too serious, my job can take up a lot of my time." Dean really hoped that if things went further between him and Cas that they wouldn't end up like him and Leo, Dean loved his job but time was something he had to think about very carefully.
"Now..I.." Dean stepped forward and he was kissing Cas, cupping his face lightly embracing the soft kiss "Now I I want to kiss you whenever I want- I want to not be ashamed of us"
Dean was rooting through Castiel's drawers looking for something and both boys had looked up, with frowns on their faces, Castiel's parents glared at Dean but the boy layed it on thick, greeting them with all smiles and explaining that he'd left a school book over the last time he was around and Castiel let him in to find it.
Arthur chuckled and reached into the glove compartment pulling out a water bottle and some pills, "Oh- Arthur you really are a god send" Dean exclaimed and took the items.
Cas blinked "Dean..I.." Both of them just stared at eachother for moments not really knowing why but then Dean suddenly surged forward and he was kissing Cas
"Fuck you you don't know me." Dean spat, "You don't know me either." Castiel said back sharply and Dean grimaced, taken back "When you become dark angel?" He'd shared something very personal and Castiel was just giving him shit for it.
Castiel huffed pausing the TV "Don't you have other places to be?-like -I don't know- Sam's apartment?"
They spent the movie laughing and discreetly whispering about certain parts of it, while they shared the snacks which Castiel made them wait to do thoroughly explaining to Dean why they couldn't eat during the trailers because they'd finish it all before the movie even started.
Cas agreed, though he never thought it would result in Dean spinning the bottle and it landing on his bored ass looking like he'd rather be anywhere else
Dean would really rather be anywhere else on the fucking planet right now. Not even ten minutes after his parents showed up his mom was making off handed comments about how Sam was getting married first and how Dean should find a decent partner before he gets too old- his favourite part was when he mentioned that he was a little stressed and his Dad said that it was probably because he was always alone as if he didn't have any friends or hobbies, or a
Sam ground his teeth and squeezed his phone strongly in his hand, trying hard to resist throwing it across the room, Gabriel had hung up on him and he was furious, he wasn't gay- he..he just wasn't, he couldn't be- he liked girls, but yeah maybe he enjoyed being around Gabriel more than he did his own girlfriend but that didn't mean he liked dick.
That's what got Cas to stay alive, but even after Sam and Jack were able to save him Dean refused to leave his side
Dean smiled slinging an arm around Castiel's shoulder so they faced the lake, he kissed Castiel's cheek, he was relieved that Castiel was letting it go "Good, I love you angel." It was a few seconds before Castiel spoke again and when he did the words had Dean donning one of his boyfriend's signature  confused faces.
Don't get him wrong he loved his life sure, he was successful but there was something missing, a piece Dean couldn't quite yet find.
"Make burgers and watch a movie." Dean huffed, with parents who weren't around much he did small things like that to distract Sam from their parents not being around "Shit Sammy I forgot just give me fifteen minutes alright?"
His lips were on Dean in a light kiss, not full on the lips but it didn't matter because it was over as soon as it started, Dean was pulling away with a laugh "How's that?" He said, leaving Castiel surprised and very much confused, he pressed his fingers to his lips..
Dean frowned, sitting down in his own corner "What's your problem Cas?- you've never liked my friends"
"I come every year with some friends." Castiel told him and Dean nodded still grasping the pie stick in his hand, "Look Dean I didn't like how we ended things and I just want to talk- i know you don't owe me anything but maybe when we get back we could meet someplace?"
"Some school project at first but then I dragged him outside for a swim." Dean managed a fond smile, "He told me he'd never been kissed before..so I kissed him like the eighteen year old tease I was."
he owns a very nice restaurant in Upper Manhatten, I could get him to reserve the place for us tonight."
"There were times when I was younger I actually believed he would change, he'd get sober and stay that way for two weeks
Cas realised this and blushed "Sorry- I... -I didn't mean to-" His eyes turned back to their regular blue but Dean stopped him before he could hide his wings
Dean scoffed "To be honest I don't really know myself Cas" He took a hand off the steering wheel and took Cas' hand
Dean nodded, he leaned over and kissed Castiel, his hands on his neck, Castiel kissed back instantly, keeping his hands on Dean's shoulders, they done this before. They were good at it, kissing came easy to them, especially their impromptu make out sessions in the back of the Impala that they snuck in whenever they could.
She didn't hesitate and came over to the bed sitting next to Sam but her soon to be ex kept his distance as not to give her the wrong idea. "You deserve the truth." He said, "Ever since I was eighteen I've been sleeping with Gabriel, and it stopped after we got together but then we had that fight last week and I..went to him and I got drunk -not that it's an excuse- but we had sex."
The press even tried to ask his ex girlfriends if they 'knew he was gay' and if it was why they broke up- but it failed horribly because all of the people he dated knew he swung both ways and happily dated him anyways, it was something he was always honest about
Dean realised Cas was talking about how the angel softly played with his hair while he was asleep "No I like it"
His brother had only been living with him for a few months and when he did Dean was sure he wouldn't have to worry about Sam having the rampant amount of sex most guys and girls his age did because Sam was more reserved but when he met Gabriel all of that flew out the window. Both freshmen at Stanford University they just clicked and began dating after just a few weeks.
Cas frowned at the way Dean's teeth were chattering so he pulled off his trenchcoat wrapping it around Dean who jerked "What are you doing?"
And sure Dean did have the occasional drink and smoke, I mean you kind of have to when your dad is a shitty and physically abusive drunk who leaves and shows up whenever he wants but he never once forced his life on Castiel, he never pressured his boyfriend into drinking or smoking, Castiel could make his own choices.
Cas frowned, feeling that he overstepped "Do you not want-" Dean shook his head stopping him "No- no I was just..
"No more telling me what I want Winchester." He said it playfully but Sam knew he was being serious, "I know what I want and I want to try..after all you're still my friend-I mean who else am I gonna hangout with?"
"Don't Cas, I get it, you think I'm using you, you think I'm confused or I have to be one or the other." He threw the shirt on over his head, taking his jacket as well, balling it up in his hand. "Y'know for a gay guy you can be really biphobic."
Dean sighed, taking a few moments to process everything he'd just been told. Finally he nodded "Yeah, you fucked up a lot-and I gotta be honest I'm a little disappointed Sammy, Gabriel didn't deserve that- at all, but you've got to make it right with him whatever it takes."
Castiel's breath caught in his throat and he gulped forcefully turning his head away and back to his own undressing, removing his pants and boxers pulling on the slightly big pair of swim trunks Dean gave him, at least he was lucky for the jawstring, quickly tying it up before he folded his clothes neatly and set them next to his backpack.
So there he was arms folded over his chest leaning on the wall watching Cas in his sleep, he was going back over what he had said when the angel was still on his death bed
and he was done with that. He remembered when he was twenty and started dating a girl..a girl who gave his crush on Sam some competition but his bestfriend wasn't as thrilled..he was more possessive of Gabriel and he didn't like the girl one bit.
He had been outed four years ago when one of his very famous and openly gay friends was caught leaving his hotel room the night before a game
"It doesn't matter." He laughed dryly "You have done pretty much everything under the sun- so I wouldn't expect you to understand."
Cas flushed "I'd like that.." Dean beamed proudly "I can't believe I get to take my dork tutor who's wearing a shirt with frickin'
Sam watched Dean go for a moment before his eyes fell to his phone on the table. He couldn't call Gabriel because his friend definitely wouldn't answer but had to make it right. He could..go over there and- "No Sam..leave him alone." He said to himself with a harsh shake of his head; he'd just make things worse.
He hung the other one on back in the closet and left the one he chose to rest on a chair for tomorrow before undressing to enter the large on suite bathroom, sighing happily as the hot water began to hit his skin letting all his tension go
Sam just shrugged at Cas' wide eyes and red face "Welcome to the family" Sam turned to John "I’m sorry I said I hated you"
He sucked in his lips but couldn't bring himself to close his eyes, Castiel was too beautiful it was almost enough to have Dean coming right there but he held out, laying his head back and allowing the CEO to take care of him.
Dean swallowed the pills "Nah, Sammy needs me." He sighed, taking the time it took to drive to his apartment to close his eyes and get the pounding in his head to stop.
Charlie rasied a hand "Can I just say congratulations?- because at least some of us are getting laid."
Sam looked up taken from his thoughts and froze, he couldn't help but stare. He was about to lose someone he considered friend and yes he may not like Jess in a romantic or sexual way but he still loved her. When they'd first met it was coffee dates and Roadhouse dinners, they laughed and joked and he could confide in her whenever needed and she could do the same.
"-Two shakes and fries." Anna interjected and sat them down on the table before sending Dean a not so secret wink "Enjoy."
Castiel lifted his arms up as Dean took off his shirt tossing it aside, he layed flat on his back and Dean stayed fully clothed though hard as hell as he kissed Castiel neck, being careful not to suck any hickies where his parents would see, he kissed Castiel's nipple, causing Castiel to gasp a little but he didn't make any move to stop Dean.
When they were twenty four Sam started going out with a girl at his firm Jessica Moore, now Gabriel had nothing against Jess but he couldn't help the slight jealously
"I need some air" He made he's way to the window and lifted open the window, "Cas it's freezing out there-"
have happened that dating other people, being with someone it's hard for me, in fact ever since I got here whenever I've been around you I've felt..
"..okay, yeah, sure I'd like that- but you set the pace, I'll respect whatever boundaries you have, just because we've had sex doesn't mean I get to be jealous or overprotective."
Cas rolled his eyes, kissing Dean softy "I've fallen for a dweeb" Was all his said and Dean's cheeks reddened "..I'm not a dweeb.."
"Cas..you're giving me a chance, I'll never walk away again, I'm here for as long as you want me around." Castiel smiled shortly, he knew that Dean really mean't it. Every single word he said and he was already planning to have the man around for a long time "Then yes you can kiss me Dean."
"Yes." Castiel answered fitting on his last shoe, Dean smiled at him "Have you been working out?" Castiel rolled his eyes fondly and stood from the bed "C'mon let's go before I change my mind."
Gabriel nodded "The last time we.., he was mad at Jess so he came over and we got drunk and I let him.."
"Because I love the hell out of him and I wanted us to be together in every way possible.." He sighed, ignoring Dean's reverse psychology "He's too good for me Dean it doesn't matter how much I love him."
Sam did call him about twenty times that week but everytime Gabriel ignored him, not in the mood for whatever Sam had to say
Dean shook his head, sitting down "No Sam- you can't listen to everyone who disagrees with you, when you came out you were ready to tell me mom
Dean's head shook "Not like this- I've been buried my sexuality my whole life, and I was okay with taking it to the grave"
When they got home Sam assured Gabriel that nothing said by Lucifer was true and he showed it by making love to his boyfriend, cuddling up together and sleeping the eventful night off.
"I agree it was entertaining, I haven't watched a movie that good in awhile," Castiel told him while they exited, "Exams have been my main focus."
"-Okay, gimmie your phone." Castiel hid his smile as he did handing it to Dean he watched the other man put in his number and stared at his perfectly manicured hands in different colors of the flag. "You here by yourself?" He asked genuinely curious.
"Wow- you actually managed not to disturb me," Castiel started as he came down the steps, walking into the kitchen for a snack, he pulled open the fridge before realising that he didn't and couldn't cook "Shit- I'm gonna order applebees you want anything Gabe?"
Castiel nodded kissing him again, "Of course," He said kissing down away from Dean's lips and to his jaw, "But.." He gave a nice suck to Dean's neck, breathing over the wet skin "First,"
Castiel beamed, embracing Dean in his arms, he could see their life in L.A just in reach "Thank you!" He exclaimed and Dean smiled into his shoulder, "I'd do anything for us angel."
Castiel shook his head with a scoff "Tell me about it." Dean cleared his throat, "Anyways..since Sam and Gabriel are officially married I can finally do something that I've been wanting to ever since you got here."
"I can't believe you Cassie!" Gabriel started as he pushed past Hannah to get into the office "Thank you Hannah" He said sweetly to the assistant "That will be all"
Dean always admired Castiel, how smart he was, his brain was unique, completely like no other. He sometimes wondered how a guy like him wound up with an adorable bookworm like his boyfriend. He smiled through the glass, but it didn't matter to him..not even a little.
Gabriel nodded retracting his hands, Sam was right, he hadn't fully forgiven his friend and Castiel was still pissed at him as well..things were too far from being normal again, "You're right we can't change the past but we can try..like a
The boy smiled at him the second his voice was heard and Dean had to calm himself down before he lost his cool facade "Hello Dean."
Dean replayed Gabriel's words in his head as he tried to sleep that night, his future brother in law was right. Relationships aren't perfect, you can never grantee that they'll go the way you want them to and that's okay, at least you tried.
They dressed themselves in just their boxers and Dean suggested they watch tv and talk until one of them eventually passed out. Castiel agreed and they layed back on the bed together, hands never letting go. Dean even convinced Cas to watch a new show with him 'The Umbrella Academy' Dean stressed how much he'd wanted to watch it but never had the time because of his busy schedule so Castiel caved and they watched an episode and a half laughing, talking and taking breaks to make out (of course) before Castiel was snoring softly in Dean's arms having fallen asleep, the hockey player smiled and turned the tv off putting the remote aside to spoon Cas slinging an arm over him.
"Woah, Cas I can't just up and leave, the scholarship is just a back up plan Sammy needs me he needs to go to school."
Castiel's wet mouth on his cock, taking him perfectly Dean was so lost in the feeling he didn't even hear the first yell of his name "Dean!"
Castiel closed the door the second Gabriel was out and sighed hard looking to the two outfits Gabriel and lated on his bed, grabbing the one on the left he held it against his chest to look into the mirror, ultimately deciding to with the deep blue Gucci suit, no tie
Dean grinned pulled something out from behind him, "I want to take my boyfriend out on a date," He offered the rose to Castiel who blushed, Dean was too sweet for him to handle, "I want to make it special."
"You're lucky, I'm an only child- though I do have many cousins who are like siblings to me, though they can be..
"I know right?" Dean smiled proudly, "I have been missing out a lot." Cas sighed "I don't care how the sex is if you makes these for me everyday I'll be fine."
Dean Winchester was fucking bored, he was stuck working on some dumb school assignment on a freaking Saturday and to make everything ten times 'better' it was with some random kid he didn't even know.
"Well then what happened?- with you and them I mean?" Cas asked but when Dean hesitated he decided to retreat "I'm sorry- it really is none of my business-"
was with Madison when I was a junior but it was with Gabriel..we'd just met and I was already head over heels so one night about six months after I let myself go just for that night and.." His smile grew "God I'll never forget it." Sam had been saving himself for that special someone ever since he learned about sex and Dean knew that but hearing that it was Gabriel?- he'd joked about it in the past but dang.
Dean sighed "I've been..questioning, realising that haven't been seeing girls as much as I do guys- and I don't think that I'm gay, certain girls are awesome but guys.."
Gabriel patted him on the back, "It's okay Cassie I'll protect you." Castiel actually smiled at that and hugged his brother out of nowhere, surprising Gabriel but the shorter man reciprocated nonetheless "I really have missed you Gabriel"
Questions, but they still didn't get that he wasn't gay or staight, but luckily their coach was quick to support Dean and state that his love life had nothing to do with hockey and that unless it affected their game the discussion was over
Sam caught her lips, "I'm not hungry for food right now" He muttered against her soft pink lips, Jess kissed him back, pulling gently at his hair "Mm..I guess," She nipped at his lip "Food can wait."
So happy he'd agreed to be Sam's bestman, and that's how he ended up at this beautiful house and it's even better pool, it was a summer vacation place Sam and Gabriel bought just lapst year and Dean was loving it "What about him?" Dean questioned, sitting up higher in the chair, "He's arriving today- and I want you to make a good impression."
family to get here- not to mention go over the rehearsal dinner tomorrow night with all the other guests who are arriving." Gabriel stressed, though calmly "You promised you'd help- y'know because you're the
After that they'd see each other in the halls but never come up to one another, the tension was very much there but neither of them wanted to do anything about it, thankfully weeks passed, being uneventful and after graduation came around and they were going their separate ways.
He sighed "..So no- I didn't know I was..bisexual- I knew that I had feelings for guys- but I never acted on it because I didn't understand it, not..not until you kissed me"
Sam took a deep breath and started, "I owe you a huge apology Gabriel..you're my bestfriend and I treated you horribly because
Dean could confirm that it was true, Sam had been extremely supportive when he'd came out at age nineteen "What about Gabriel?"
." Gabriel looked at him, "I just wish you'd stick around more..you're my favourite brother Castiel, we were so close when we were kids but now..you throw yourself into to work and I miss you so much."
Dean turned his head "Huh?- what Sammy?" Sam rolled his eyes, Dean was so damn difficult "Gabriel's brother."
"Because you're marrying the love of the your life or because you're finally getting out of the family?"
Damn, his boyfriend was breathtaking, Dean had obviously never seen Castiel naked so this was very new for him but shit..Castiel really was an angel- a beautiful
Cas grunted in response "Your eyes..and there's wings.." Dean said, Cas' eyes were bright blue and he had two huge black wings with dark blue undertones sprouting from his back
"Okay- okay okay" Gabriel surrendered "Sam told me you finally agreed to that date with his brother"
He made his decision. He was going to tell Sam how he felt about Castiel and hope his brother gave his blessing to ask Castiel out on a date after the wedding, granted Castiel actually says yes. Man he really hoped that Castiel said yes..
"Just one here and there, I picked it up sometime in college." He shrugged, taking another puff, Dean couldn't help but wonder if it had something to do with the night they- "You want one?"
Dean moaned when Cas made contact with his prostate and he felt Cas' lips against his curl into a smile "Can I go a little harder?" Dean gave a nod as permission and Castiel began to thrust faster and harder trying to get Dean to achieve his second orgasm of the night. Dean gripped Cas' arm for stability and threw his head back to moan loudly- he knew that without a doubt he was going to be sore in the morning and he was going feel regret- and be a little turned on when ever he sat down but for this good of a fucking Dean was fine with being a little sore for a few days, he had the weekend off anyways.
apartment. He unlocked the door and quickly realised Dean wasn't around but didn't think about it too much, going to Dean's guest bedroom and dropping his things there.
Gabriel shared a knowing look with them, "Alright, my moose awaits- I made a promise that I'd slow dance at least once."
"No you won't" Dean said from the door, "I'll take you home" Cas opened his mouth to protest but Dean cut him off "You don't get a say Cas" He pushed open the door "C'mon"
"Over the summer I changed a lot..I got taller and I got bigger and I was straight. I dated girls and I convinced myself that I was happy that way." Sam looked down, "August 2012 I was eighteen and I'd just started college..I had Castiel Novak as my roommate and you were his brother..Gabriel the second I saw you the wall I built broke and I had a huge crush." He let himself smile "You have no idea how many times I replayed that first kiss in my head, and the first time we..had sex."
He took a deep breath and advanced towards the table, Castiel looked up and flashed a smile that had Dean's heart stopping "You must be Dean" He offered a hand and Dean shook it sitting down from across Castiel trying to ignore how he felt at hearing the man's voice for the first time because it was some Grade I love you yes please sorry can you kill it why are you gonna be like that A+ spank bank material, "And you must be Castiel" He replied, "I didn't realise that I was running late."
" He ran a hand over his face, only Sam knew and he'd sworn his brother to secrecy "I've dated other people of course but that one stings."
Sam hated Kali and Gabriel knew it, he kept asking himself if Sam was so jealous why didn't he just make a fucking move?- he didn't have the right to tell Gabriel he was wrong for loving someone who actually loved him back and didn't just use him.
"Woah, this is highschool level break up stuff huh?" He said remembering the time Sam had broken up with his highschool girlfriend Sarah at sixteen and Dean had to come home from work at the autoshop to his brother in his room with his special lactose free icecream and tissue boxes.
Cas was reluctant but after everything that had happened leading up to this this moment he decided to just go for it, taking big bite of Dean's burger, he found himself moaning too as so many new flavours hit his tongue.
They both sighed contently as Castiel pulled out, sliding off and tossing the condom as well as using a few tissues to clean himself up. "So.." Dean started once they both settled "Hi?"
Dean hummed in response, "You’re going the speed limit" Cas informed him, knowing his friend usually ignored road rules, "Yeah? So?"
"I've been taking that bisexuality isn't real crap since I was fourteen. And it especially sucks when it comes from my parents- I don't need it from people I'm trying to date." He stood up "So from now until forever anyone I go out with even just hookups have to know that I'm bi and accept it if they don't then I have a right hand."
Dean knew first hand what it felt like to be invalidated by bullies and bigots but coming from someone like Cas?- it made him question his own community. All the straight
"No my brother and his boyfriend are here, so are Anna and Charlie we came together." He handed Castiel the phone back "Call me, we can talk." He said and walked off to find the group.
Castiel didn't need an explanation as to why Sam was upset because from what Gabriel told him he already had a good idea "He broke up with Jessica?" That one
Dean sighed, the Novak's were very understanding and nice people "Maybe but just not tonight" Cas nodded "Okay" He furrowed his brows
"Huh" Was all Dean said "Just promise me one thing" He sounded weirdly serious, Cas nodded almost immediately "Yeah of course what?"
Placing his hand just barley over Cas' and they started to chop easily insync, Cas could feel Dean's hot breath on his neck, and his crotch pressed lightly against his ass, Castiel never imagined that cutting up onions could be so sexual.
"Alright." Dean took the condom and tore it open, Castiel waited as he rolled it over his cock and lubed himself up working his cock as Castiel pushed his knees up and he used his hand to guide himself past Castiels rim, carefully pressing inside he felt Castiel tense up and he stopped.
Castiel hated Dean's life almost as much as Dean did and he was scared that one day Dean's father would come home and beat on him so much come next day Dean would be dead. That man had so much hate and anger in him for years, grieving is hard to do but turning your anger on your children wasn't even an option.
Dean greeted his driver of five years Arthur Ketch, as he got into the car, and Arthur chuckled when Dean explained his situation, telling him that he could still hold out hope for the sex. Dean rolled his eyes at the comment but it wasn't too bad advice because no matter how shitty the actual date was, Dean was awesome enough in bed to have a good time even if his partner isn't as great.
Sam chuckled awkwardly, he had been very adamant about that, "Yeah..that was for Gabriel, I didn't want to keep him a secret."
A happy smile graced Castiel's features and he sighed "Well in that case I would very much like to have dinner with you again." He said, "When are you free?"
"Charlie..right..I know her she's friends with my cousin." Dean rested his back against the wall, "Charlie is friends with everyone." Castiel sighed and it was true, she was very nice an well liked and he considered her his bestfriend even if he wasn't hers.
only one pm and Dean wouldn't mind spending his free time with Castiel especially when Sam was moping all over his apartment. Dean smiled "I would honestly love that."
When his food was done he plopped down on the couch, shoving the pizza into his mouth while Sam and Gabriel watched like it was a wild cat nature documentary. "Dean?" Sam didn't get a response. He paused the TV and looked to his brother once more "Dude, what the hell happened you look like someone crashed into baby."
Extremely religious pricks, they were fine with Castiel being gay, though Dean knew that they still held out hope that it was phase and Castiel would marry a nice Christian girl at twenty one. Dean and Castiel had been close since they were little but then they got older, Castiel was the slightly introverted smart nice kid who came from a good home and Dean was the leather jacket wearing bad boy who was influencing their child.
"Why?" Dean asked, "You've never once treated me different for being bisexual, did you think I'd care-
"Us" Dean said "For the first time ever there's no impending danger- we can do stupid domestic couple stuff without worrying about something trying to kill us"
He managed to wake in the morning showering before changing back into his lazy clothes and slipping on his dinosaur slippers that made a rawr sound everytime he took a step and headed downstairs to where Sam and Gabriel already were sitting on the couch way too close and watching tv, "Morning Dean."
Dean was seriously regretting telling Sam about his crush when the angel had died, he folded his arms over his chest "How would I even do it?" He asked shyly, Sam smirked leaning back in his chair "All you have to do is ask him out and I'll take care of the rest"
"I don't really understand what happened between the two of you but if you feel there's something there just..go for it, who knows it might turn out alright."
Almost was an undersatment, Dean snuck into Castiel's bedroom on occasion whenever the boy couldn't leave home and he always left unnoticed but on this particular instance Castiel's parents were out and since he wasn't allowed to leave the house after the last time he was caught with Dean the boy snuck in and they spent their time watching tv and cuddling in Castiel's bed, they didn't hear the car pull up but thankfully Dean heard footsteps nearing the door and thought fast.
Cas ignored the apology "It's not your fault that your friends are assbutts" He pulled his knees up, resting his arms on them, gently banging his head against the wall
Dean nodded, "He even invited me to his place for a nightcap and we kind of..hooked up." Sam's brows rose, "What on the first date?- and you left him like some one night stand?"
Gabriel turned his head enough so he could look at Dean who was putting on his shoes "Wait- don't you have a date or whatever?"
"Wow Cassie you really need some new clothes" Gabriel chastised as he went through his younger brother's closet "I mean, everything here is either black or white or on the spectrum"
He had the pool all to himself, doing slow laps across the water, enjoying his alone time before his parents were to arrive and ruin it with their excessive questions and judgments. Dean was finishing his fourth lap when he'd reached the end of the pool and he came up for air, having to do a double take when he saw Castiel sat in green swim trunks on the side of the pool, water almost up to his knees as he watched Dean intensely. "Oh, hey."
Sometime after getting out of the car and up the elevator to the fourth floor they started to kiss again, and it got heavy quick. Castiel had his legs wrapped around Dean's waist as they made their way down the dimly lit hallway and to Castiel's apartment door, lips still attached.
Castiel tilted his head to the side in question, and Dean had to ignore how cute he looked "Why are you so nervous Dean?" He asked, smiling just a little, "You've never done this before?" He teased.
Stocked with candy and other snacks Gabriel liked to eat, Gabriel grinned and looked through the cupboard finding a bag of gummy bears he wasted no time in ripping the bag open
Dean smirked sliding behind the bar "I'm going to make us some real food." Cas followed him through the back door and into the kitchen "And just so you know I don't do this often, not many people have tasted my culinary gift." Cas let himself smile at that "Well then thank you." Dean tossed a white onion at his date "Start chopping." He said but the look on Cas' face told him that the billonaire didn't know how to do that either.
Cas ducked his head "Not exactly" Dean placed his hands on Cas waist, awkwardly pulling him in a little, Cas' eyes were wide and he gulped nervously, his stomach was in knots and suddenly he was pushing Dean's hands off him "I can't do this"
Dean groaned playfully but found himself missing the comfortable silence with Castiel "A bestman's job is never done." He commented, going back into the house to see why Sam needed him. Gabriel sat where Dean previously was and looked a his brother watch Dean go for a moment "Y'know you never actually told me how you and Dean knew each other- well properly at least."
"I don't know what the problem?- I've known him since college and he's always been supportive of Gabriel's and my sexuality." He said, thinking of how Sam had hurt his brother by being so deep in denial. Dean nodded "Same here, but maybe he'll come around."
angel, and he was all Dean's. For two years Dean never complained or made Castiel feel guilty for their sexless relationship, Dean had lost his own virginity at fifteen and since then (until Castiel) it'd been a slew of girls and boys alike so the need for sex wasn't really there.
"Yeah one of the best!- I mean have you seen the guy play?- not to mention his body- and that smile?"
He sighed, "For three years it was great but then he had to leave for another tour in Afghanistan and a few weeks later I found out that he'd died.."
Castiel's head whipped up to the door as Gabriel came inside fully dressed and with a smile on his face, "You're not ready?" The smile fell, "For what?"
He had a crush on Sam the second they met but Sam was straight, well he wasn't when they got drunk at a party and made out in a closet
Gabriel grimaced, "Gross." He muttered "But!- on a lighter topic what do you guys think about pride this year because I know Charlie is definitely in."
"Cas?" Sam said from behind Gabriel, letting himself into the room, "Leave me alone guys" Cas sighed "I'm trying to dissappear"
Castiel shook his head stubbornly, "It's been a long time Gabriel things have changed we're not in highschool anymore."
When Dean got back to his place Charlie was gone and Sam and Gabriel he assumed were in Sam's room doing god knows what but he didn't care either way. He set his keys down and grabbed a few beers from the fridge before retiring to his room for the night.
He hoped off of the expensive marble of Castiel's counter and made his way to the large sitting area, jumping to sit down on the sofa and drown more of his sorrows in gummy bears
Dean groaned sitting up "But not without some morning nookie" Cas shook his head "Last night wasn't enough?-you need more?" He teased as Dean stood, shrugging as he stretched "That's what you leave me wanting"
"Okay now can we talk about this?" Dean said after Castiel finally finished sucking his brain out through his dick, Castiel nodded, settling back on the pillow "If you want." He sighed "I mean I was planning to ask myself over breakfast but..-"
Dean wanted to do it before he chickened out so he went straight from Sam's room to the library where he knew the angel was playing monopoly with Jack
He didn't know if he wanted Cas to wake up and remember it or if he wanted to forget the whole thing had ever happened
me to ask your brother out on a date?" Gabriel shrugged, smirking evily "It'd make for one crazy ass love story."
He kept thinking about the whole locked in the closet debacle and how he offered to kiss Cas to get them out of it- he told himself it was just to get them out of there but deep down he knew he wanted to kiss Cas for his own selfish reasons
His head tilted much like the angel did when he was confused as he saw Cas start to move "Ow" Dean rushed to him "Don't move Cas you're still banged up"
"Hey it was completely consensual alright?" Dean sighed, "I mean I guess..it mean't more to him than it did me." He winced at his old highschool memories "I wasn't a great kid then, and Cas called me out on it. We'd only hung out that one time but it was still a nice night."
"Cas we gotta-ah..we gotta slow down- fuck-" Dean could feel Castiel rock hard against him, grinding their erections together. "Do you really want to trade blowjobs or do you want to fuck me?" The words made Castiel pause and Dean watched carefully as Castiel made a decision, trying to calm himself down enough to really go over his options, and while Dean on his knees sucking him down was extremely tempting, having the beautiful bodied hockey player under him and begging to be fucked was something he was about to make reality.
Accepting the fact that he deserved it was the hardest part because to Dean he wasn't any good to Castiel or his little brother, he was just there because they needed him..they relied on him, it was all he was good for until they gave up.
Dean didn't think that Cas would want to get dressed up for their date but he was so wrong, the angel wore a nicely fitted navy blue blazer over a white dress shirt tucked into navy blue slacks
He rubbed up against Dean's ass pressing his weight against him, he pulled off Dean's boxers and Cas used a bit of his grace to open Dean up
"Why are you?" Castiel countered with, and Dean just shrugged, "Trying to have some quiet before the parents get here." He explained, "I'm not too excited about that."
Dean tugged his boxers up over his ass and advanced towards the bed where he had previously picked out clothes waiting for him. He hummed along to a song he'd had stuck in his head, pulling up his black jeans, and putting on his fitted but worn light blue Henley, pushing the sleeves up just a bit.
"What?" Gabriel broke his silence, because that wasn't possible he couldn't have been.."I was your first time?"
He turned to Dean with pleading eyes but his friend just shrugged at him 'what's a little kiss?' Dean had said, '
Dean chuckled sheepishly, he really was 'head over heels' "Sorry, I got carried away, I just really hope he calls me back" He stood up with a sigh "Okay I've gotta gonna get out of this monkey suit and take a shower."
He rolled his eyes and pulled a pen from his pocket, taking Castiel's hand and gently writing down his number, surprised that Castiel barley stirred. "See ya later angel." He whispered before leaving room and going down the long steps, having called Ketch to bring the car ten minutes earlier that was waiting just behind Castiel's building.
There was no possible way but Dean was getting hard again, his soft cock was loving the feel of Castiel's mouth around him giving it the ultimate treatment. Castiel worked his cock until it was hard enough to pound nails again and Dean dug his hands into the dark mop of hair atop the head between his legs, gently face fucking Castiel.
After pride it only took two days for Castiel to call him and they decided to talk at Dean's apartment, Gabriel and Sam promising to stay upstairs and in the bedroom with the door locked.
He held Castiel down the ladder after going himself "Castiel Novak you wound me." Castiel shook his head his nose crinkling as he grimaced "I don't like it when you call me Castiel."
"I'm not fifty percent gay and fifty percent straight, yeah sometimes I won't be feeling girls and instead want to try dating guys for a while or the other way around but there isn't a percentage, why is it so hard for people to grasp the fact that I can like someone regardless of their gender?" He shook his head "I used to hate myself Cas..but then I decided
Cas looked down at his feet "Goodnight Dean.." Dean turned around to walk down the steps and Cas cursed at himself for gripping his friend's arm, spinning him back and into a kiss Dean immediately returned
Sam shook Castiel's hand "It's just Sam, please come in." Castiel picked up his luggage and entered the house, looking around, "Castiel, but you can call me Cas."
"No!- Cassie!- I just meant I wanted him to stay..I wanted him to at least acknowledge that fact that it happened," Gabriel scoffed "And then he called and acted like a complete douche and I just..I was done playing back and forth- until he can tell the truth I don't want anything to do with him"
His boyfriend tugged on the jawstring of Castiel's sweats and pushed them off his legs, leaving him in his boxers. Castiel had never been this aroused before, his older family valued the whole no sex until marriage thing but his siblings and him were never going to follow it so instead he made a different rule for himself one he
Gabriel hung up and threw his phone down on the table, immediately bringing his knees to his chest and sobbing uncontrollably
He placed soft butterfly kisses on the back of Dean's neck to sooth how overwhelmed Dean must've been feeling, "Mm.." Dean moaned into it "You can move angel"
See the eldest Novaks own business was that of making deals, selling what people who really wanted it would kill for, I mean after all drugs
The moment he got Castiel on the couch he was kissing him everywhere, neck, jaw, collar bone all while unbuttoning his shirt, moaning when their hard ons rubbed together "Dean wait- are, are you sure?" Castiel panted breathlessly as Dean worked, his own shirt already off.
"Novak, Winchester" He told the young woman and she smiled sweetly, giving and short nod before directing him to his table where Castiel Novak was sat. Dean had to do a fucking double take because he'd seen pictures of the guy before but in person he was just- damn! He looked delicious in a suit but Dean couldn't help thinking how good he would look when the suit was
Dean shook his head "Cas, man- no, I invited you so that we could hangout- you've got to stop feeling sorry for yourself- you might be a hardcore introvert but you're also a really cool person under all those layers"
"Maybe but your parents are sleeping and I doubt they're gonna come check on you now, its like ten don't they go to bed at eight?" Okay yes maybe Dean memorised the time his boyfriend's parents go to sleep for..future purposes.
"I'm not trying anything I promise" Dean assured, grinning into Cas' neck "I prefer to bottom anyways" He backed off after a minute letting Cas do the rest as he started on the patties. He sighed loudly, "So Cas, the beginnings of our date aside, why would you want to go out with a hockey player?" Dean asked as he started on the burgers "Sam didn't force you did he?"
For breakfast he decided to make cereal and eat it as he watched The Umbrella Academy instead of his usual Brooklyn Nine-Nine because maybe he was still a
"It's okay really, I just.." He sighed "We were together for two years..two really great years- he knew me before all the fame and shit- he knew the real me."
"I know..I just, I never wanted you to see me how I was, sure my career is doing great but I'm not happy like you are Gabriel, I don't have my own Sam-"
He got down to the pool to find someone already lying in his usual pool chair, Castiel was up and dressed in a worn deep blue shirt with white jeans, his feet crossed and his hands behind his head. "Morning." He greeted and Cas looked up in surprise, "Oh hi."
He panted hard under Dean as he squeezed around the dick inside him, it felt so good he wanted to cry, it was breathtaking, Dean was being so loving but determined and non-detached, still pressing kisses to Cas' lips, neck, and cheeks as he moved.
to follow which was doing nothing sexual until he was eighteen or older and had found a person he liked enough to do it with.
Dean shrugged "That was honestly the closest I've ever came to saying it" He sighed "I wanted to look you in the eyes, I wanted to mean it" He looked up and pressed his lips against Cas', kissing him desperately
"Come for me Dean" Cas moaner heavily, he felt Dean tense around his cock before groaning into the pillow that was in his face and Cas cleaned the mess from under Dean with his grace, thrusting a few more times
Dean was nervous about talking to Castiel because yeah he assumed but he really had no idea what Cas was going to say and he didn't like it one bit. He invited Castiel inside when he showed up right on time and offered a drink which Castiel declined.
Castiel sighed heavily, trying not to slump in his desk chair, he pushed himself up to stand pouring a himself glass of expensive whiskey and taking a sip as he stared out the large glass wall of his gaint office, one that used to be his father's before he died leaving the company to him six years ago
Not two minutes into Castiel's apartment and they were running up the stairs jumping into Castiel's bed, they were naked within minutes. Castiel was fucking thankful he'd taken Dean up on his offer because the hockey player really could ride dick, and Castiel did not mind being used like dildo if it mean't Dean would never stop moving.
That nod seemed to flip a switch, unlock a deadbolt, and Dean was moving. His feet were crossing the distance between them with quick, forceful strides, and Cas was
“You want me to… turn you into an angel?” Jack said, and hell, it was a tiny bit satisfying to be able to shock God himself.
The scrape of the chair legs was like a scream in the quiet, but Dean barely noticed. He just let his clumsy limbs slide down onto the floor, folding onto his knees and leaning his forehead on the cool wood of the table’s edge.
A scream ripped out of Dean’s throat, the sound of mortal flesh burning up under the nuclear bomb going off in his chest; blinding light flared out of his skin simultaneous to a shockwave that would have destroyed the town if Jack hadn’t held up his hands to contain it.
No, actually, he wasn’t gasping, he wasn’t bent over with his hands on his knees like he expected, he wasn’t even shaking. Dean stood perfectly straight and still, and for some reason, the very first thing he noticed was that he wasn’t in any pain at all, for the first time he could remember.
He felt it glide between his lips, over his tongue, cold like peppermint and hot like a fever. It was alien and fundamentally antithetical to Dean’s human body, he very nearly choked on it, but it sank down his throat smoother than any liquor to curl in his belly like a living, pulsing star.
Thank you so, so fucking much for all of the outrageous support you guys have shown me on this brief but memorable journey. All of your comments and enthusiasm have really blown me away and I'm so grateful. I hope you guys enjoy the end as much as I do.
Watching his palms fill up with the glow of healing energy, Dean quietly asked, “So what are the odds that this is actually going to work?”
The angel’s limp body jolted like he’d been hit with defibrillator paddles, and Dean’s breath caught in his throat.
shrinking and the energy leaking away until he felt almost normal again. It was - different, a few left-behind pieces stuck to the walls of his soul and some of his foundations cracked into new, broader shapes he wouldn’t have recognized this morning, changes he wouldn’t have known he needed.
Dean’s throat went tight and his eyes stung, but he lifted his head to meet Cas’s watchful gaze. “All I want is a normal life.” He breathed out. “With you.”
“For you,” Dean said, unflinching. A fond smile curved up his mouth. “Did you really think I’d let you get the last word like that?”
Love was the glue that held the universe together and the spark that took a lump of matter and made it alive. Even imperfect love was worth having, worth giving.
The Grace began to reach its misty tendrils towards its intended host, and Dean had to screw his feet to the pavement to keep himself still. Had to force himself not to instinctively reach for a weapon as the Grace swirled into his face.
Dean’s eyes squeezed shut, spurring a pair of tears to finally slide down his face. “Please, Cas. Come back to me one more time.”
Dean’s jaw clenched as he carefully poured a tall old fashioned of the whiskey, bothering only with a glass because it kept him from just putting the bottle to his lips and tipping it back until it was empty. Not even Dean’s iron stomach would accept that, and he was in no position to waste good liquor right now.
Dean’s jaw clenched so hard he thought his teeth might fracture, but he pried it open to throw back the rest of his glass.
“What are you talking about?” Dean said, closing his hands in tight fists to stop them from shoving this slimy
, since he’d looked into the Empty’s oily black jaws with that beatific smile on his face. Cas had died smiling. And Dean wanted to rage, to scream, to tear through the bunker breaking things, because Cas deserved
Dean edged back the step he’d just taken to buy himself an extra second, time he needed to focus his eyes on Cas’s slack face, on that ugly, perfect trenchcoat, that messy tie the same color as his eyes, those hands resting loose on his thighs - those hands that had saved him from hell and then saved him over and over again, hands that had bled for him and died for him and loved him for so, so long without ever asking for anything back -
As quickly as the excruciating pain had erupted, it disappeared, sucking back in on itself and leaving Dean -
As Castiel became human before his eyes, at his own hands, Dean curled all six wings around him in a protective cocoon. The rustling of his feathers was the only sound in this nothingness, a faint susurrus as they closed in like living shields. With one hand, Dean flicked the vial shut and slid it back into his pocket, while his other brushed over Cas’s neck, quickly sealing up the cleft skin.
Sam was smiling like a maniac as he looked between the two of them. “I now pronounce you husband and husband.”
Tears rose to Dean’s eyes yet again, but at least the tradeoff to the overactive waterworks was a freedom from embarrassment, an opened door to the cell of his self-loathing. Dean could look at his own human emotions now and forgive himself for the not-actually-terrible crime of feeling.
. He’d tried, he’d opened his mouth, but the words were like fucking boulders lodged in his throat, impossible to get out. If he could’ve just had a few fucking minutes to
Dean’s alarm woke him up at the usual time, and he groaned but didn’t bother hitting the snooze before dragging himself up. It wasn’t like he was getting up at six or anything, it was only nine, but lately Dean’s body seemed to be trying to make up for a few decades’ worth of sleep deprivation.
have. It wasn’t the worst place he’d ever been, not by a long shot, but it still gave him the fuckin’ heebie-jeebies.
As he braced his legs for whatever was about to hit him, Dean thought about how his body had been created to house an archangel. He met Jack’s kind eyes and said, more softly, “Make me strong enough to save him.”
Apparently, being an archangel didn’t stop his heart from racing like a jackhammer or his throat from sticking shut.
“The truth is, all of you are just here to play your greatest hits for me while I sleep. And this one? Your precious little
Straightening up, Dean shook out his right arm to let the angel blade slide down into his palm. “Cas,” he said, resolute and only a little apologetic. “Trust me?”
“Oh, so many regrets in here,” it said dreamily, wiggling its fingertips against Cas’s temple. “The things he’s done, the deals he’s made, the angels he’s killed, the principles he’s betrayed… so it’s not that shocking, really, what Castiel regrets the most.”
One hand wrapped around the back of Cas’s neck, Dean just - just kissed him for one infinite moment, eyes screwed shut and lips molded to the soft warmth of Cas’s mouth. He wanted to say everything with touch, a language he spoke so much more fluently than anything verbal, but that - no, he’d begged for one more chance, and he couldn’t chicken out this time. Not when he knew that Cas actually wanted to hear it.
The voice would have been enough to make Dean realize that this wasn’t Cas, but the alien way it moved its face drove the nail home and sent Dean’s stomach sinking. Of course it couldn’t be that easy.
over the likes of Dean. Cas deserved to be happy because he was loved; loved by someone who could actually say the words without choking.
“I’m sorry,” Dean groaned, wrecked, “I’m so sorry. I should have said something so long ago. I should have…” Dean shook his head.
had been said and done), it wasn’t like them to use an abundance of words when a handful would do just as well.
“Heya, Cas,” Dean grinned under his bleeding nose. Seeing Cas awake and alive (sort of) sent euphoria bubbling up from his chest to his brain, outweighing the pain until his fractured nose felt more like a papercut.
Dean exhaled like the air had been dragged out of his chest, and he couldn’t find any to replace it. He glared at the prehistoric shitstain touching Cas like it owned him, but he knew it was weak and ineffectual, that he had no good weapons against this kind of attack.
Dean grinned recklessly. “I’ll come back, again and again and again, for as long as I’m alive. And if I die, then Sam will come. If Sam fails, then Claire will come. Then Eileen, then Charlie, then Bobby, then Jody, then Donna, then Garth. Because Cas is
now, and sure Dean was glad to have somebody with a good heart wearing that title, but - look, it was just weird. He didn’t know what kind of God’s-dad special privileges he had in asking for things.
And hey, that was fucking cool: with a minor flex of power, Dean healed the broken cartilage and erased the blood from his face.
thing that ever happened to me. Not - not what you do or - or the wins you get us, but just you. Just you, being here, saves me. I was just -” His hands curled into useless fists. “I was a fuckin’ coward. I wanted to tell you so many times, but I could never get the words out. And then it was always too late.”
An endless minute passed of the Shadow glaring with icy, savage contempt, before it finally threw Dean aside with a growl. “
All of Dean’s stillness shattered, and he was scrambling to open the door, to bail out on legs that tried to buckle, stumbling onto his feet and not caring at all what he looked like, how desperate and needy he was. It didn’t matter, nothing mattered except Cas standing there alive and whole in the sunlight.
The power and the wings and the celestial perspective were things he’d experienced before, but only as a crushed, gagged passenger in his body, a weak prisoner forced to witness his own hands committing atrocities - none of it had ever been
Dean expected something like one of Cas’s half-fond eye rolls, maybe a noncommittal sigh; he wasn’t expecting Jack to smile with such overwhelmingly genuine pride, or to lift a hand and lay it gently against his cheek. “I believe in you, Dean,” Jack said, sincere and without any qualifications at all. “If anyone can get Cas back, it’s you.”
“Yeah, the thing about that is,” Dean said, and shoved back up on his feet, all in the same movement bashing his rocklike head into the Shadow’s stolen skull. It cried out and stumbled back. “
Green and blue met and held as as Dean lifted the angel blade and carefully - so fucking carefully - sliced a thin, shallow incision across the middle of Cas’s throat. The angel’s eyes widened, but he didn’t object when Dean lifted a small vial with his other hand and collected the glowing river of Cas’s Grace as it poured out between the edges of his skin.
, real and solid under his hands. Gazing at him with love in his eyes that was the same human as it had been celestial.
The burn was familiar, if not exactly comforting. Dean didn’t think that anything on earth could comfort him tonight, not when the earth was utterly, terrifyingly empty. And really, Dean knew he should care more about seven billion people getting Thanos-snapped out of their lives, he should be dwelling on the guilt for letting that happen, for not stopping Chuck sooner, how it was all his fault for not being smart enough or fast enough, but -
new. So new you’re not even dead yet. Which begs the question…” The thing using Cas’s face leaned so close Dean had to take a step back. “Why. Are you.
That beige shape moved, came closer, and it was blurry now not just because Dean was refusing to look in that direction, but because his eyes were filling with tears.
“You won’t be able to get Cas back on power alone.” Jack turned his fathomless gaze on his first creation. “You can’t fight the Shadow, Dean, you can’t kill it. It can’t kill you either, but it can hurt you. It can scan your mind and use your secrets against you. And…” Jack slowed to a stop.
“Dean,” Jack said evenly, with a barely-there smile on the corner of his mouth, like he knew what Dean was about to say.
Cas was the brave one again, then, doing the hard work of leaning in the last tiny, infinite space between them and gracelessly, ardently crushing their mouths together. A whimper came out of Dean’s throat that he didn’t even have the heart to deny, not when he was busy slinging his arms around Cas’s ribs and parting his lips to finally learn what his angel tasted like.
Their bed. Dean was also still getting used to believing that Cas was staying here, really staying here, that Cas’s name was on the paperwork for their home and the Roadhouse right next to Dean’s. Not that it was his
,” Dean cried, jolting forward on instinct. He didn’t exactly have a great track record with seeing Cas slumped unconscious in chairs.
See, if you just guzzled the liquor as hard and fast as you really wanted to, you’d just wind up throwing it all back up; but if you worked your way through a bottle steadily, over about an hour or so, the alcohol soaked all the way in and made you really good and numb.
Sure enough, like clockwork, the lump under the covers stirred and grunted an inquisitive noise after about thirty seconds of coffee perfuming the air. Dean smiled as a squinty face peered over the edge of the blanket.
Cas’s voice, groggy and dazed and beautiful - but it was quickly followed by his stomach caving in and his nose exploding with pain under the Shadow’s fist and knee, respectively.
everything, it had seemed so... easy. Like so much weight had fallen off him through the catharsis of giving the words over to the air. Like it was… freeing.
“But.” An aching swallow scraped down his throat. “You’ve come back for me so many times, Cas. Just one more time, please. Just give me one more chance to say it back. I won’t waste it this time, I promise. Just.”
Dean was smiling back, warmth unfolding in his chest, and unprepared for the iron grip that latched around his throat.
“Just because you’re God now doesn’t get you out of movie night, kid.” The finger Dean pointed had a far more authoritative quality to it now. “When I get back, we’re doing a Lord of the Rings marathon.”
“It’s the deal he made,” Jack said, and his face was agonized enough that Dean pinched his lips shut. “Cas
“Am I?” the Empty replied easily, squinting its eyes and pouting its lips. “It makes sense, doesn’t it? If Castiel just hadn’t been the one to rescue you from hell, if it had just been another angel who got to you first… none of this would have happened to him, would it? He’d still be alive, and he wouldn’t have all these regrets crowded up in here.” It rapped its knuckles on the top of Cas’s head.
Sam’s mouth fell open as he rocked back on his heels, as surprise and a tiny sliver of hurt flashed over his face, but he didn’t say anything else.
Dean still liked to make breakfast the old-fashioned way, usually, but he always went and got the coffee first thing. Shuffling to the kitchen before he was even really awake, pouring the coffee, and shuffling back to the bedroom was how Dean’s days started now.
Dean craned his head to look, to watch as they unfolded and stretched out until each black feather reflected grass-green in the sunshine, and a helpless laugh shook out of him.
“You think - you think you haven’t changed me, man? You and Sammy, you’re the only two things I’ve ever had faith in. You pulled me out of hell, you
Dean smiled, a joyful grin that lit up his whole face. “I love Cas,” he said again, tears spilling down his cheeks as he realized that Cas had been right. That there was happiness in just saying it.
Swallowing, Dean reached into his pocket and pulled out his keys, pressed them into Sam’s hand as he stepped forward to curl his other arm around the giant’s shoulders. “You go find Eileen,” he rasped, “and we’ll meet you back at the bunker as soon as we can, alright?”
“You said that good things happen, but - it was you, Cas. You were the good thing that happened to me. You’re the
“You’d do it,” Dean said roughly. His eyes swung over to pin his little brother with a look of raw desperation. “For Eileen. You’d do it for her.”
Every angel that Jack chose to create from now on would be designed off the template of Dean Winchester’s love for humanity.
?” Rage, confusion, and disbelief wrestled across Cas’s face. He leaned off the edge of the throne, brimming with tension and white-knuckling the chair arms.
” but he wouldn’t give up enough room for it to happen. Their teeth bumped together and their rhythm didn’t quite match, but -
Taking a deep breath, Dean turned and met wide blue eyes. “And he was mine a long time before he was yours.”
Dean’s hands were still shaking as Cas pushed the ring over his knuckle, as his thumb stroked across the silver band that pressed the words
“What? Why?” Dean demanded, and the words wanted to be angry but they came out pleading. He felt Sam shift closer, felt the touch of a hand on his elbow, but he brushed it off. “Chuck was able to yank Lucifer out of the Empty, why can’t you just do the same thing for Cas?”
like any other angel, all of them made by Chuck’s iron fist; every angel that Jack chose to create would be different than the ones designed to mindlessly obey orders.
Sam was still staring at him, but the fear was slowly receding behind a tentative answering smile. “I know, Dean,” he said softly, like a blessing. He straightened and cautiously stepped closer, looking torn between staring at Dean’s wings and Dean’s smile. Despite his obviously lingering uncertainty, Sam reached out to clap his brother on the shoulder. “I’m happy for you, man.”
” but Dean didn’t let that stop him from lunging forward with a wolfish grin, seizing a yelping Cas in his arms and dipping him backwards to kiss the living daylights out of him.
Dean and Cas stared at each other, and were given the rare privilege of hearing a primordial cosmic entity scream, “
him - everything he had, and as the Shadow’s hands fisted in the lapels of his jacket, Dean released it on the back of every speck of angelic power humming in his blood, in a sonic boom of “
Tonight, Dean didn’t care about the loss of seven billion humans. If that made him a shitty person, well, what else was new.
“So we’re gonna have to do this the hard way, huh?” It straightened up and oiled its way around the throne.
Dean shuffled closer and raised his hands to meticulously frame them around Cas’s jaw, gentle and deliberate and decidedly unplatontic. He looked over the familiar, revered lines of this face and stopped to just bask in the fact that Cas was back, alive,
?” The Shadow draped itself over the back of the throne, one hand propping up its chin while the other dragged lazily through Cas’s hair. “He’s going to give me sweet dreams for a long, long time.”
as he sat up on one elbow and eagerly accepted the coffee with a loud slurp. Dean smiled wider, laughed softly, and leaned in to press his lips into that tousled mess of hair.
“Do you think that means anything to me, you pathetic mongrel?” the Shadow said, its voice quiet the way a knife is quiet. “Do you really think I will let him go just because you waltz in here and claim him as yours?”
This time, Dean could feel the shift between dimensions on a molecular level, the same as he could feel the sudden and complete absence of life, warmth, light, or movement.
The dead guy robe was waiting, thrown over the back of a nearby chair, and Dean slipped it on while sticking his feet into his fluffy slippers. Sam had called him creepy for taking the robe with him when they moved out of the bunker, told him to just buy something new, but Dean
“And you were right,” he croaked past the knot in his throat and the love in his chest, “but I think happiness is in the having too. I want.” Dean’s breath was shuddering in his lungs. “I want to be happy with you.”
There was no strain in his lower back, no ache in his right knee, no crick in his neck, no dull pressure at his temples - all the little things that lingered or came back even after Cas or Jack had healed him.
Smiling, oh hell, he was smiling so wide and he couldn’t stop, Dean dropped his head forward until their brows leaned together in peace.
Dean swallowed. “Cas,” he said roughly, working to breathe around the terrifying hope in his chest. “Can you bring him back?”
He had bought some new things for the house, though, like the coffee maker that could be programmed to turn itself on and have the coffee already waiting when you woke up. It was
“You’ve gotta bring him back,” Dean said, quiet enough to control the tremble of his voice. Jack wasn’t Chuck, Dean didn’t need to bargain or convince him how important Cas was or how much he deserved to live. Cas was even more Jack’s dad than Dean or Sam, of course he’d bring Cas back. Dean had no good reason to feel this fucking terrified.
Cas opened his mouth to speak, and Dean wanted to do this, he did, but they really couldn’t do it here.
. Castiel,” the Shadow snarled, holding Dean up on his knees with one hand fisted in his hair. “Or I’ll tear his wings off one at a time.”
Both of Sam’s long arms wrapped around him in a spine-poppingly tight squeeze, and Dean patted his back.
an angel might feel, dissect and analyze every word Cas had said until he could rationalize and explain them all away into shapes that could fit inside Dean’s fucked-up head. But twisting and reasoning what Cas had done for him, said to him, into something small enough that Dean could deserve it, would disrespect the sacrifice Cas had made.
He could feel the clusters of atoms vibrating all around them, he could feel the dividing of his own cells; he could feel the particles of light hitting his face and the buzz of radio frequencies against his ears. He could feel the earth rotating beneath him, the whole solar system spinning on its journey through the galaxy. He could feel the way time moved ever so slightly faster above his head than at his feet.
“My first archangel,” he mused, glancing over Dean with satisfaction. Dean turned to look at Jack, smiling, and when he met those warm blue-gray eyes -
It wasn’t destiny or fate or inevitability that brought Dean’s hands up to cradle Cas’s face; it was a choice. It was the first thing Dean Winchester ever got to do with the knowledge that he had free will, that what he was doing was real.
“Ah, ah, ah.” The Empty stopped him with one hand flat on his chest, solid and irresistible as gravity. It stepped in front of Dean, eclipsing his view. “Look, don’t touch.”
Sliding his angel blade out again, Dean flipped it in his palm and held it out to Cas hilt-first. “My turn,” he said, and tilted his head back to expose his throat.
This time, Dean had every intention of coming back, but it was comforting nonetheless to know that if the worst happened, Sam could manage without him. It wasn’t just the two of them anymore.
Dean’s unoccupied hand slid aimlessly - he told himself it was aimlessly - across the smooth table surface until his fingertips brushed up against the coarse shape of a
Vertigo grabbed him by the back of the neck and shook hard, turning Dean upside and down, forward and back, because he was looking at his kid, the toddler he’d (grudgingly, sometimes, yeah) raised from birth, but he was also looking at his own Creator.
Dean froze again, both his hands clutching the Impala’s doorframe, because what if Cas hadn’t heard him? What if -
“Mornin’, sunshine,” Dean murmured, reaching up to run his fingers through that riotous bedhead now that he wouldn’t get snapped at for it. His other hand grabbed Cas’s coffee mug and brought it within easy reach. Cas had decided he like mornings even less his second time around as human.
Applause broke out from the crowd gathered in the field behind the bunker. Bobby was there, as were Charlie and Stevie; Garth had flown in with Bess and the twins; Rowena had made the trip all the way topside; Jody and Donna had driven down with all their girls; Eileen was there, the diamond on her finger glittering as she clapped; even Jack stood off to one side, smiling happily.
Thank you so, so much to everyone who left comments and kudos'd and subscribed; your frankly unexpected enthusiasm gave me a huge boost of motivation and endorphins both.
Jack pressed his lips together but didn’t take his eyes off the glimmering treetops. “I honestly don’t know. The Empty is the only place my power can’t reach, and the Shadow…” Jack shook his head. “I can’t predict what the Shadow will do. I only know that it’s angry, and it won’t give Castiel up easily.”
“No,” Dean choked out, grabbing onto the arm lifting him onto his toes. “I think you’re going to let him go because if you don’t, I’ll come back.”
While Dean was learning the joy of bullying his little brother with six different wings, Jack was surveying his work with no small amount of pride.
The Empty was exactly that, an utter void of still blackness that seemed to hungrily leech at - well, Dean supposed he didn’t have a soul anymore, but whatever it was that he
Awkwardly, Dean dropped his hands. “I’m sorry,” he blurted out. “I didn’t want to take your Grace without asking, but I figured that if it got you out of there you wouldn’t -”
Looking at the people passing by on the sidewalk, Dean could see how small yet magnificent they were. Such short, tiny existences, but each one unique, each one capable of everyday miracles like love and trust and hope. They were so flawed, full of petty grievances and limping with trauma, and they were perfect.
Dean’s eyes squeezed shut, and he gave a hard shake of his head. He tossed back the rest of the whiskey, then let the glass go skittering across the floor so he could press both trembling hands flat to his thighs. What… what he would have said, if he’d had the chance.
“I don’t care about the power, Cas.” Dean glanced over his shoulder to check out his awesome wings one more time, admiring their emerald iridescence in the sunlight, and then let them fade from corporeality. “It was just a means to an end. All I want…”
Cas’s face was buried in his pillow, the blanket drawn up so high that only a tuft of dark hair was visible, but Dean was kind of crazy about seeing that unruly mess of hair in his bed every morning.
"You're gonna yell at me again, aren't you?" I asked, opening my eyes but not turning or sitting up to look at him. I could feel him sit on the bed next to me, and my body rolled towards him when the mattress dipped. "Castiel?"
Dean grumbles and pulls on his leather jacket, putting his keys in his pocket. “Fine. I’ll see you later. Make sure you eat, and finish your homework. I’ll be back around ten, and you better be in bed, bitch.”
I furrowed my brow. As if that explained why he was doing this. "How am I supposed to earn it if you're doing all the work?"
The bartender, who Dean notices has a name tag that says “Nick”, sets a glass on the bar to fill it from the tap. He hands it to Dean, then shakes his head a little, “A lot of people say he’s ‘special’ or whatever. He’s just sort of different, y’know? He used to come in here with his brother a lot, a few years ago, but now he comes alone, and drinks.”
He shrugged slightly, leaning down to press kisses to my chest. He came back up to my mouth, kissing gently, and said, "It seems much easier than I anticipated," and when I furrowed my brows, he demonstrated his discovery. He stroked me once, and I moaned quietly. "Do you understand?"
“I just don’t want you to get hurt! You know how guys can be; all the trans violence we’ve heard about; the trans suicide rate!”
“Look at me,” Sam says breathlessly. When Dean opens his eyes and gets them focused on his brother, Sam moans. “You’re so hot.”
. "Okay," I looked away from him again and scratched my head. "It's not exactly 'customary' as you put it, it's just sometimes you gotta --" I looked at him again and the Sexy Eyes were staring back at me. "Sometimes you just gotta have someone and it doesn't matter where in the moment."
Dean gets back to the garage and finishes up the Shelby engine, and by the time he’s done, he’s so anxious his hands are shaking. A drink would help calm him down, and he’d get to see Castiel one more time too. He wonders if Castiel lives near the bar. Or maybe
okay so we are almost done, folks! Thank you to everyone who has been reading since the beginning. I decided to post this one before going to sleep so when you wake up it's already waiting for you. All we have left now is an epilogue, and that will go up on Tuesday. I love you all very much (especially you, Kristen) and thank you for reading.
"Dean," His tone was warning. "I'm in love with you. And you're not -- you're so kind and you have saved so many lives. You don't need to repay me, you already have. Just by being here with me."
I blushed again and turned my head away. Damn. "Why did you come back?" I asked, my voice slightly strained. I would have wondered why, but I was pressing myself against a wall, trying to hide. I hoped he wouldn't think it was obvious.
Jimmy sighed, and nodded. "Cas, I'm really proud of you. I mean, you really seem to like him. Has this ever happened before?"
Sam sucks Dean again, licking him and pressing into him. He gets Dean pretty wet, then pulls off with a little pop. “Take off your binder,” Sam gets off the bed to grab the lube from the drawer, and Dean sits up to pull off his shirt, then binder.
Dean slaps Sam on the shoulder, “Hey kiddo, relax, would’ya?” He sits down across the table. “You could switch subjects for a while, maybe take a break?”
I lifted his chin so he was looking into my eyes. "I guess we're going to have to change that, then, huh?"
Castiel looks up at him, glancing up and blinking shyly, then takes Dean’s hand and shakes. “Castiel Novak,” He smiles briefly, then takes his hand back.
"Dean!" Suddenly he was in front of me and hissing at me. "Will you please stop that? My brothers can hear you, too."
Sam uses the lightest amount of teeth along with all his sucking, and Dean comes with a scream. Sam pulls off, sitting up, and wipes his mouth. “How was that?” He smiles smugly.
Dean shakes his head -- huge mistake, now he’s dizzy -- as the tequila starts to kick in. He feels woozy, fuzzy, and for some reason everything is funny. “I’m sorry,” Dean slurs, standing. “See you around.” He bursts into a little giggle fit and stumbles back to the bar. He orders some food from Nick, and after he eats it he takes a little walk to sober up. Then he drives to the high school to get Sam.
"Alright, have fun," Sam replied, still tired from the night before. Dean also suspected his little brother had a pounding hangover.
I lifted my head to look at him as he peeled my boxers completely off, tossing them aside. "What?" I asked.
Dean sighs and scrubs a hand over his face. He hates snapping at Sam. He already feels bad but he can’t just apologize. “It’s not about a girl.”
My eyes widened involuntarily and my eye brows raised higher than I ever thought they could. "That came outta left field," I quipped, but really, I thought it was completely and utterly a coincidence. I looked over at him, and he was staring at me expectantly. "I assume you saw this somewhere and are... confused by it?"
He smiled faintly, and he broke his gaze, moving instead to watch his fingers. They trailed down my cheek and chin, leaving tingly lines on my neck, and making me gasp quietly. "Are you okay with this?" I nodded, and felt his hand lift my shirt and flatten out on my stomach. "I need to hear you say it."
Dean pockets his phone and goes back to the booth to sit by Cas. He carefully avoids touching Cas, at least inciting touch, because that handshake earlier clearly made him uncomfortable. He puts his hands on the table, tapping his fists nervously. “Hey, buddy, so...” He looks over at Cas to find him staring intently back.
alrighty here we go! This is the final chapter/epilogue, and i want to thank all of you for coming back and reading my fic. I appreciate all of your kudos and comments and I really hope you like the ending.
Dean tapped the walls, finding his way to the bathroom, and Castiel turned to lay on his back. He looked up at the ceiling, and a smile crept onto his face.
I smiled at him, and pecked his lips once. Then we stood back up and Sam was coming back in, holding coffee and breakfast sandwiches.
The bartender pours six shots, and Castiel drinks two, pauses to look at Dean with bright blue eyes under a mess of black hair, and rolls his shoulders. He has his trench coat collar flipped up, which hides most of the man’s face. He drinks a third shot, collects the other three in one hand, and reaches out to touch Dean’s shoulder. He leans in and kisses Dean’s cheek, then turns away and shuffles back to his booth, shots in hand.
He couldn't stop thinking about Dean. He was in Castiel's mind every second of every day. Castiel always wanted to see him, just hold him all the time. He thought about how childish it felt. But when New Years rolled around, he didn't hesitate to go see Dean.
Working in a garage isn’t the worst thing ever. It pays for the apartment and it will pay for Sammy’s college tuition, and it keeps his baby looking new. He also likes the grime and grease -- his dad helped him rebuild the Impala’s engine once when he was fourteen. Of course, he also made Dean cry and said, “If you can’t fix up this car, you can’t have it. We’ll sell it to a scrapyard and you can watch it get crushed into a cube.” What an asshole.
He kissed Dean's neck, feeling his warm body with one hand, and reaching down between them with the other. "Cas," Dean moaned softly, tugging gently at Castiel's hair. Castiel responded by wrapping his hand around Dean and slowly stroking, moving back to kiss his lips.
I had more dreams about him, but these were not angelic social calls. He was quiet and naked and didn't really look like him. I only knew it was him because he had two blue pools for eyes. He let me hug him and I kissed him once, then twice and then so many times. When I woke up, I was cuddling a pillow to my chest and my boxers were wet. I was embarrassed, but luckily Sam was still asleep, so I snuck off to the bathroom to shower and change into clean clothes.
After a few more weeks of, just, the most amazing nights, and some rather adorable dates, Castiel had to return to Heaven. I wasn't angry, because he had a job to do, just like the rest of us.
I shrugged and straightened again, starting to brush my teeth. I watched myself in the mirror, pulling my t-shirt collar down a little to reveal my collar bones. There were several marks fading there, all of them made by Castiel's angelic lips. I blushed a little, before rinsing my mouth.
“Y’know what,” Dean puts his phone into his pocket and picks up his plate. “I don’t like how you’re speaking to me. I’ll be in my bed.”
Dean took a shower, and got dressed. He found his way back to Castiel, who was sitting on the edge of the bed, dressed loosely in his clothes from the night before. He was buttoning up his shirt, but stopped halfway through when he saw Dean.
I broke the kiss to gasp, and my breathing got heavier. He gave me a strange look, and started to move his hand slightly. I made small noises in my throat, and he said, "Interesting."
Sam nods and calms down, nodding into Dean’s chest. “Okay, okay. I’m gettin’ hungry. Do you want anything?”
Castiel jumps and pulls his hand back to press it against his ear. Dean answers the phone quickly, and gets out of the booth. “Sorry, Cas, it’s my brother. I’ll be right back.” Castiel lets Dean go with a simple nod, and Dean nods back, lifting his phone to his ear. “Sammy, are you okay?”
Castiel chuckled again. Despite the people walking past them, he pushed Dean against a wall and kissed him again. When he pulled away, his breaths swirling around his face, he watched Dean who was flushed and smiling. Castiel held Dean's hand again and they continued on to the library. "Good," He said into Dean's ear. "That's what I like to hear." He felt Dean shiver, but it could have been from the cold. (It wasn't.)
Castiel covers his face with his hands, and nods. Then he grabs Gabriel by the arm and drags him out of the shop. “Goodbye, Dean. Gabriel, please, let’s go.”
There was just something about him... I couldn't put my finger on what exactly it was, I just wanted to be around him all the time. He made me smile even though he rarely did himself. He didn't understand or laugh at my jokes, but he was always around to hear them. When he showed up, I always went over and talked to him, careful to keep my distance simply because I didn't want him to be uncomfortable.
He made some lunch, and ate in the kitchen, so now he’s back on the couch flipping through channels. He’s been thinking a lot about last night.
," I swatted at the air, then reached for his hands. I put one of them on my forehead, "Besides, you can just, fix me up, right?"
So. I'm sorry if this chapter is offensive in any way. I didn't like writing it but I feel that this needed to be included in the story. (mainly to have conflict, which keeps the story interesting, but i wont bore you with the details of story structure.)
Castiel wants to kiss him. He’s looking at Dean’s mouth, and his hands are in his lap, twitching and completely restless.
I circled my arms around his waist and sat back on my heels, intending to pick him up and carry him. Where? I didn't really know, except -- the floor was no place for a first time.
Castiel dropped Dean off at work and went home to shower and get ready for his own shift at The Black Rose.
I grinned, and started to unbutton his shirt. He shrugged it off, and I pulled him down to kiss him soundly. He hummed into my kiss, and let my tongue in immediately when I licked his bottom lip. He adjusted so our noses weren't rammed together, and battled my tongue with his own.
“What are you smiling at, Dean?” Sam asks, kicking Dean’s foot under the table. “Did you meet a cute girl?”
He’s apologizing profusely about his car, trying to explain that she was ticking and clicking and then she started to smoke -- and Dean
Dean opened the door and found Castiel's blue color extremely pale. He reached for Castiel's cheek, but his hands were knocked away. That's never happened before. "Cas?" He asked quietly. "What happened?"
"Cas," He said, feeling a little clearer in his head. The whole world was still spinning but Castiel was firmly holding him in place. Dean sat them both down on the bed, and he put his hands on Castiel's thighs. "Are you gonna let me this time?"
He dropped Sam off at school an hour or two ago, and now he’s taking a shower before work. He’s drying his hair in front of the mirror, just looking at his reflection. “God, I’m never drinking tequila again.”
I ignored all of the women staring at me like I was something to eat, and drank steadily instead. I stumbled back to the motel, expecting Sam to be waiting but finding the room empty instead. I laid on my back on my bed and looked up at the ceiling.
Dean shakily opened the door, watching Sam shoot up from the living room where he and John were sat to run over and hug him "You jerk- never do that again!"
the pathetic one in this relationship, I wear his fucking jacket almost everyday not because he gave it to me but because it's one of the only good memories I have of him, it was the last time he was sober and for a whole
He walked them up to a baby blue booth and they sat across from each other, "This place seems..nice, I've never been." Castiel told him still looking around. It was very old fashioned right down to the jukebox and the staff uniforms, "Well you've been missing out Cas because this place is awesome. It's like my little home away from home."
Castiel blinked, taken back, he didn't expect that from Dean- he was slowly realising that you can't know everything about a person from a quick background check, he made a mental note to keep that in mind, he smiled shyly "Thank you, Dean" He found himself blushing at the nickname. Dean grinned back "Anytime" He looked over the menu and Castiel watched his face screw up in confusion and sadness, "What's the matter?"
Dean hugged him back "I won’t bitch" He pulled away "I sorry I scared you- I wasn’t thinking" He apologized sincerely, "Thank you so much for taking care of him Cas"
Both men looked up to see Charlie, Gabriel and Sam at the stairs watching, "Gabriel!- you were supposed to be quiet!" Charlie chastised, "What the hell guys!- I said stay in the room!- and how the hell is Charlie here?!"
And sure enough forty minutes later (Castiel may have counted) Dean was knocking on Castiel's door and the CEO opened it. Excited to see Dean once again, Dean greeted him with a smile and Castiel was pulling him inside the apartment by his shirt, kissing him easily- surprising Dean with his eagerness.
"Winchester, you're late" Benny a good friend of Dean's said as he finally got to the locker room "I know" Dean groaned "My brother was on my ass" He said pulling open his locker so that he could get to his gear
." Castiel squinted, his head tilting to the side in question "Y'know it's okay to like him Castiel."
It's nice, holding another person to his body like this- he likes it. But sadly it is very short lived when his ringtone started to to off his eyes widened as he frantically but quietly pulled himself from Castiel's body, rolling off the bed and landing softly on his feet watching Castiel for any movement and when there was non he went back to finding his pants.
Cas kissed back though hesitantly, "Say it Dean" He needed to hear it- he couldn't take that step without thinking Dean was just using him
I wasn't the problem, that's why I told you I was bisexual on our date..most people aren't comfortable with it but I thought hey, he's cute and smart and always knows what to say he can't possibly be gay
"I want that too." He said finally and Castiel immediately smiled and if Dean didn't know better he'd think the man had been relieved almost like he was scared that he wouldn't want the same "I just.."
was messed up," Gabriel's jaw clenched but he said nothing, "2005 I was thirteen and I was what people liked to call a
"He..called you..he called you a faggot alright?" Dean felt the anger coming back just thinking about his dad's words, "-and then he said you were pathetic for going out with me and that he didn't want 'fags like us' around Sammy so I hit him some more and we kind of went at it until I got him on his ass with a bat and the next day we had a..
Dean nodded in agreement "I'm so going to kill them when we get out of here" Cas scoffed "I'll help" He turned his head to face Dean "Just kiss me Dean" He said, "I never should've come here and you know it- so let's just kiss so you can get back to your friends and I can back to watching TV alone"
He'd left New York angry and determined and for the past six years he'd stewed, cooking up the perfect plan to take over Castiel's business. "Mr Novak?" One of his people called for him, "Yes, Gordon?"
Dean nodded "Sammy, he was fourteen when I left but now he's living with me, we come here together a lot."
"Hey!- I'm amazing in bed." Dean protested, but Cas was too focused on his burger to respond, "So I'm not looking pretty bad now am I?" Dean said taking a sip of his beer as Cas shrugged "You're just not what I expected, you're worth so much but you're-"
"I get that." Dean stopped them just outside the entrance, and took a deep breath, leaning in slowly as Castiel did the same he whispered just as their noses brushed "Can I kiss you?"
Dean could see how a night like that without a conclusion could eat at someone even years after it happened. Hell even wondered how the night would have happened differently. Dean cupped Castiel's face and leaned in, pressing their lips together in a full kiss.
Sam nodded "That's right- you don't know- he called Dean a fag and threatened to send him to some camp where they would 'fix him'- I should've known this would happen"
"Holy fuck Cas!" Dean was moaning out loud and without warning he was cumming hard down Castiel's throat just pumping load after load until he couldn't anymore and Cas was just drinking him down, pulling out his finger and popping off his cock with a sigh just as Dean's legs gave out and he was sitting breathless on the bed. "Cas man are you
"Do you regret it?" Dean couldn't help but ask, "Seriously Cas just say the word and I can stop all of this-"
guy." He swallowed, "He was twenty seven when I met him I was only a sophomore but it got fast quick, the best relationship I've ever been in and I loved him more than anything."
"You called me bitch, I had to come- besides I wasn't even sure if he'd want me to be there anyway." Dean said, "Weirdly enough I'd only spent a few hours with the guy and I..I
Dean deflated "Damn.." Cas reached over and took his hand "Do you want me to go in with you?" Dean nodded "Please?"
Dean moved his other hand to his stomach with the intention of wrapping in around his cock but paused to ask
The next time they actually did have sex and it was magic- or at least Gabriel thought it was, they weren't drunk but instead completely sober and things led to other things
"Good..really good actually, he's been getting better- especially since the last time dad came and went." The last time John had showed up it wasn't exactly pretty, his father scared the shit out of his little brother and a yelling match between him and Dean wound Dean up with a few brusies, some of which he still had.
Dean blinked "What? No- I need a game plan." Sam laughed at that, "A game plan?- you wanna know what my 'game plan' with Gabriel was when we met?"
"Fair warning I've only slow danced twice in my life so I'm not great." Dean said as they walked onto the floor and clasped hands. "Twice?"
Making breakfast for him and Sammy in the morning, no sneaking around, no overly protective parents or abusive father. Just the two of them (add Sammy he guessed) "I'm not saying no," Dean said finally with a sigh, "but we have to think about it-
seventeen and the second Dean had brought it up he’d put up a weak fight knowing the smile Dean gave him had him sold on the request
He pulled out of Dean and flipped him over onto his back, jerking himself off over Dean's stomach, "C-cas?" Dean's eyes were slightly wide and he couldn't help but stare
Dean actually smiled at that and nodded "I wouldn't have it any other way Bradbury." He said sincerely and they shared a smile "And as for you two- oh..they're kissing again."
Dean looked up at him with wide eyes "Wha- really?" Cas nodded, pulling Dean up to stand, "Oh-okay" Dean faced him, and they took closer steps towards one another
He chewed thoughtfully on the candy, thinking back to how Castiel had thought he would have liked to be with Sam instead of 'bothering' him
His bestfriend since college, him Sam and Cas had all been close but Sam and Gabriel had been closer- but they'd never dated or anything like that
"Hello," He thought it was a nice enough night to go for a swim, wanting to take advantage of what the house had to offer, and when he saw Dean doing his laps he quietly sat down, not wanting to disturb Dean though he probably should've made himself known. Gabriel always said that he could be a little creepy without meaning to. "Sorry I didn't want to interupt."
Dean finally moved after blinking repeatedly to himself out of his head, he started to undress getting himself in his boxers before pushing Castiel's legs up, he bent down and kissed the tip of Castiel's dick and Castiel watched as Dean took him in his mouth not stopping till he got to the base, staying for about two seconds before coming back up, "Lube Cas.." He asked nodding his head towards the basket.
The chatted more about themselves until the milkshakes were finished and the fries were eaten- the milkshakes of which were
Sam looked at Cas who seemed to be stunned as he brushed his finger tips over his lips, Sam gave the angel an apologetic look "I'm gonna go talk to him" He said and followed in Dean's direction
Sam nodded and he turned back around to face his brother "Thanks Dean." Dean shook his head, "It's nothing." He looked Sam up and down in his black suit, he felt teary eyed and he had blink to keep them away, "I'm so fucking proud of you Sammy- I know it doesn't mean much coming from me but I am."
"Oh, Sam's older brother Dean, you'll meet him soon enough though, you might like him, he's a lot like me and we get along great which matters more than getting along with Sam parents."
Dean flashed a triumphant smile and waited for Cas to come around before walking up with him "Y'know I really am sorry for how everything went down tonight" He said breaking the silence as they took the last step onto the porch
Castiel stuck his hand into it and absently looked for the bottle, just wanting Dean's mouth on him again, he grabbed it and handed it to Dean. He watched as Dean lubed up one of his fingers and pressed it to his hole. "Cas?"
"I told you I was going to the pool." Dean said back trying to keep his breathing neutral as he spoke to his brother, "I forgot, I was looking all over for you."
I furrowed my brows at him. "Why?" I touched the side of his face gently, primarily as a sign of comfort, but also to keep his gaze on mine. "Do you want something more?"
"Yeah," Castiel took his hand and led him to the couch. "Here, sit. I'll put the camera over here so just follow the angle of my head, alright?"
He finishes his beer and thinks on that thought. He’s alone too. He’s got Sammy, sure, but he’s alone. Does that mean he’s lonely? It takes him a while to figure this out. He drinks two more beers, and gets up to use the bathroom. He goes inside and looks at himself in the mirror. “Lonely…” He ponders the word, and when he finishes at the urinal he goes back out in search of a corner booth.
He didn't stop me or pull away, just leaned forward to push me on my back again. He kept the kiss and started to take off my boxers, palming me hesitantly with one hand.
please leave comments and watch Rocky. The first four are just beautiful and i really really love them. Okay. See you Tuesday.
“No, no,” Dean pants and shakes his head. “Just fuck me, please.” Sam nods, and covers his fingers in lube so he can spread it around Dean’s growth and down in his hole. He fingers Dean with one, then two, then three fingers until Dean is mewling and begging. “Please, Sammy!”
