Dean snapped back to the present, eyes never leaving their target.  “Four victims suddenly exploded.  I tried EMF.  I’ve looked for hex bags, sulfur- nada.”
Cas placed a hand on Dean’s shoulder and turned him to assess damage.
Dean peeked around the tool cabinet and got a clear view of the open driver’s side door.
Cas:  Naomi is ranting at me currently, so not yet.
Cas was breathing heavily, and he draped himself over Dean, kissing the back of his neck, mumbling praise to Dean as he pushed in steadily, seeming to go on forever, until Dean felt Cas’s pelvis connect with the back of his thighs.  Cas paused for a moment to let Dean get used to the size, it really was huge, and then began to rock into him, only sliding out a little.
Cas looked both furious and amused.  “That little shit! Honestly, this is so fucking typical of him-”  He looked away again, then stood.  “You know what?  I find it interesting that you even care who I’m fucking.”
“Are you going to give me some privacy?”  Cas felt his balls tighten up at the idea of Dean watching.
Dean shook his head slowly, his hips moving as lust pooled around in his groin.  Cas thrust up, his now hard cock rubbing with Dean’s, making them both moan.
Cas rolled his hips, sliding out and then back in.  Dean moaned, meeting his next thrust.  Soon Cas was pounding Dean down onto his cock, Dean limp and in ecstasy, crying out when Cas bit his nipple, pulling it with his teeth.  Cas shifted Dean until he hit his prostate, sparking stars before his eyes.  Cas hit that mark over and over until Dean was thrust over the edge, coming untouched between them, slicking their stomachs.  Cas was thrusting in at a punishing pace, yanking down Dean’s head to kiss him deeply, coming hard in Dean, the hot liquid fiery inside him, dribbling out as Cas gave a few final thrusts.
“I want to ride your cock,” he mumbled, licking and nipping Cas’s neck.
Cas nodded and walked away.  He turned back and Sam was just standing there, staring at the wall.  “Sam?”
Cas started.  “Dean’s in trouble?”  His thinking felt slow and numb.  He clutched the handcuffs in fear that he wouldn’t be able to control himself.
********
He hated himself so much right then.
Dean looked dumbstruck.  “You mean to tell me you were saving it for marriage?”
Cas smiled at her.  “Was he handsome with devastating green eyes and sandy brown hair, looking like he needs a good spanking?”  Wow, he was already pretty sloshed.
“Dean, what are you doing?” Cas’s low, gravelly voice broke the silence, making Dean freeze.
Cas:  You aren’t flirting with me, are you, Dean? Because I hear you have brilliant... what was the phrase Cassie used?  Ah yes.  Eyes as green as a lush mountain forest.  And I do love green eyes.
He rolled and reached under his bed and pulled out the black bag.  The next plug was slightly longer and wider, and it felt heavier in his palm.  He envisioned Dean spread out on his back knees to his chest, forcing in the plug…
Notice how Rowena is more of a Deus ex Machina than the actual Deus?  Cause she's a badass fucking Queen, fight me
“You’ve watched it all already?”  Dean couldn’t stop rolling his hips, sneaking his hand to his own backside- he needed
Dean could hear the protest forming in Sam’s head before it even left his mouth, so he closed his flip phone.  He didn’t really feel like hearing it from his brother right then.  Especially not while he was bolstering himself up to go inside.  Inside the shop.  The one Cas was in.  Apparently working.
“You have me for the hour, so now that we’re alone, you can touch.”  He said, winking at Cas.
“Uh, I could say the same thing, dude,” Dean retorted.
Cas decided he liked it very much when Dean called him baby.  He pulled out a little, just to push in more.  Dean was taking his cock surprisingly well, but Cas figured this was because Dean was his mate, his true mate, and they should fit together like puzzle pieces.
Dean pulled Cas into another kiss, the room disappearing again.
okay maybe I'll rewrite my epilogue- i just read it, and it's just terrible lol
Dean moaned at the drag of Cas’s cock inside him.  The uncomfortable stretch hurt so good, and the stretch feeling was replaced by pleasure and fullness and he swore he could feel every vein and wrinkle in cas’s cock as he pushed into him.  Dean wiggled and pushed until Cas had him back up on all fours, grabbing his hips and thrusting hard.
Cas’s eyes landed on Dean, his cheeks coloring slightly.  He looked around the room quickly, recognition lighting his eyes.
“Dean, look at you love,” Rowena clicked her tongue and pushed him back over to the bed.  He groaned in relief when he laid back down.  “Sam, go get some ice.”
Cas: I understand, my mom is yelling at me.  Merry Christmas!
Everything had seemed like such a good idea at the time.  Texting Cas in the first place- good idea.  Getting a handjob in a seedy hometown gay bar- good idea.  Getting wasted and texting Cas about aforementioned handjob- awesome idea.  The logic of why he would do such a thing was beyond his grasp in the light of day.  He remembered the whole conversation; he couldn’t claim a blackout- but it was yet another point on the scorecard in the column that said ‘stop drinking.’  It was guaranteed to make him do stupid things, and knowing his genetics, he was doomed to become an alcoholic like his father.
Dean was pliant and pushed his ass up and spread his knees so Cas could part his cheeks and continue to lick and suck everywhere but Dean’s hole.  It was pink and furled, and Cas watched as Dean clenched and relaxed, pushing back toward Cas’s lips as they traveled closer.  Cas lifted Dean’s hips higher so he couldn’t rut the bed anymore, and held him still.  He licked a broad stripe up from Dean’s balls where they were already tight against his body, along his perineum, and finally across his hole, and up to his tailbone.  Dean cried out and pushed back as Cas repeated the process, his tongue slowing down at each pass over Dean’s hole, pushing against it firmly, until Dean was shaking and sweat was slicking his thighs.
Dean opened his eyes.  He looked tortured.  “I don’t know how long I can keep this up, Cas,” he wheezed, still rutting the bed.
Dean chuckled.  “Yeah, maybe, but this time it’s true.  Fuck, you’re huge, I want to ride your cock and make myself come again, can I do that?”  He rolled his hips just so, and Cas could feel when Dean found his prostate by how he tightened and whimpered.
“Fuck, Dean, I just told him I’d forgotten the rock salt rounds.  He seemed to buy it.  But we need to hurry or-”
It was a beautiful blond dude with a shaved chest and clipped pubic hair and a really big dick, fucking himself with a cucumber.  Dean had been flabbergasted.  He watched in horror/fascination as the wide vegetable disappeared into the moaning guy’s hole, until the guy shot his load all over his chest,
“Who’s Jo?”
that was for sure.
Cas thought for a moment and moved to sit at the head of  the bed with his legs open in a V.  He sat a pillow in his lap and he motioned for Dean to sit with his chest to Cas’s back.  Dean struggled into position and sighed when he laid back.  He was now sitting on the plug, so he started rocking his hips, nudging his prostate as he did.  Cas wrapped a lube-slicked hand around Dean’s cock, an electric current shooting up his arm from the contact, and he stroked quickly and efficiently, bringing Dean to orgasm almost mechanically.
“You’ve been asleep for eight hours, I had to do something to keep me busy.”  He held up the panties.  “These, Dean, I want to see you in them.”
Cas reappeared in the doorway.  “I thought you said you didn’t fuck anyone.”
Cas lapped at Dean’s hole. Running a pointed tongue around his rim, pressing and pressing until the muscle relaxed enough to push the tip in.
Cas gasped, and took Dean’s mouth, biting and sucking kisses, his hands pushing Dean’s knees up.  He felt Dean’s hole, and moaned happily to find the largest plug there, already having stretched Dean for him.
, for fuck’s sake.”
“Harder, Dean, I may be bound, but I can take it,” Cas grit between his teeth.
Dean froze and rounded on him.  “What the fuck, Gabe said it was your birthday, not your bachelor party!  I swear I didn’t know!  I wouldn’t have agreed to it if I knew you were getting married.”
Ellen snorted, snapping her rag at him.  “Don’t let your macho bullshit run your life.  It’s okay to like poetry and be poetic.  It’s okay to watch chick flicks.  Quit telling yourself you’re a pussy for liking those things.  It wasn’t true when John said it, it isn’t true now.  Tell your brain to fuck off and go get you some love.  Nothing wrong with it.”
Cas moved closer, hand hovering over Dean’s chest, no quite touching, but it felt awesome.
A chair was brought out and put at the end of the catwalk.
He slammed the door shut behind himself and locked it, throwing himself face-first into Cas’s pillow.  He sucked in deep breaths, moaning lowly when the sweet muskiness filled his senses, calming him immediately.
“Naw, man.  That’s uh... not necessary.  No, I uh, I got this one covered.”
Cas tightened impossibly around him, and grunted as he came over Dean’s hand, and the delicious spasms that followed sped up Dean’s effort as Cas went limp, and Dean fucked into him, pounded him into the mattress, feeling his cock swell as he thrust in one last time, and released.  He collapsed over Cas’s back, his cock still buried inside, riding out the waves.  He fumbled for the cuff’s key on the bedside, and managed to unlock them without pulling out.
Some random case fic to further the smut plot.
“What was that, Sam?”
“Look here, Cas,”  Raphael paused while Cas had his arms full of boxes, making him set them down on a nearby table.  “Long as I’ve known you, you’ve played your cards very close to the chest.  I don’t need to be psychic to know you had some bad shit happen in your past.  But this one seems like something special.  Put the cards on the table, and let the chips fall where they may, oh fuck, that’s enough of that tired metaphor.”
“I’m going to use a set of plugs to stretch you, Dean, I’ll use lube, but they might be a little cold.”
“Dean?  Are you in there?”  Cas’s voice outside the door drew Dean out of the dream and he blinked at the ceiling.
“You certainly fooled me,” she said, flipping her red hair over her shoulder.  “I knew you had it bad for him, but with the way you’ve been staring at him, I was sure he’d finally plucked up the courage to hop into bed with you.  My mistake.”  She waved a hand dismissively.  “Nevermind that, I suspect we might have a situation with Dean that Sam will unlikely be willing to help with-”
He was still hazy about the Viagra potion incident, he was so hopped up on hormones that it seemed like a blur.  He knew whatever happened was enough to make Cas avoid him for the last week, and he could figure out what he’d done wrong. Cas had been the one to have to help him come over and over, milking his prostate with that enormous plug...
Dean shrugged again.  “I’m fine,” Dean lied.  He was already heading down the hall before Sam could protest.  “I’m just going to check Cas’s room again for clues,” he called over his shoulder.  “Text when Rowena gets here.”
Dean and Cas moved into the larger guest room after they mated.  There was a combination of weapons and knick-knacks lining the walls, and an ample sex toy collection in a large box under the bed.  Dean felt luckier than he’d ever felt in his life, like everything was going to be okay.
“My god, don’t you just take the cake, baby,” she crooned, fluttering her long false eyelashes.  “Get up here, I have a surprise for you.”
He pulled his fingers out, hopped out of the car, grabbed the laptop and wobbled on shaky, fucked-out legs to the tail of the truck.  He sat the laptop on the ground, angling the camera up at himself.  He reached out and touched the shiny massive globe of the trailer hitch with a slick finger.  Definitely bigger than the shifter knob.
“Hey,” Cas said indignantly.  He slumped and giggled.  “Yeah. Was it him?”
The teasing went on a little longer, then Cas pulled the pink panties down completely, yanking them off Dean’s legs.  Cas laughed and Dean peeked back at him.
But the danger was over, the body disposed of, and they were en route to the Love Shack.  Dean should have been fine, he should have been relieved.  But instead, he opened his big dumb mouth.
“Jesus, Dean, calm down, I’m sure Cas just stepped out for a day or so, just give it a rest, people are starting to think you’ve lost your shit,” Sam reasoned, though he didn’t sound very confident.   He was clacking away on his laptop, checking hospitals, street cams, and other places Cas might have gone.
“Dean!  Remember it’s been awhile.  I don’t want to come too quick.” Cas was writhing.
“How many more plugs?” He asked between kisses.
Dean opened his eyes to Cas kneeling over him, scooping up the cooling come and stroking himself firmly and quickly with it, his mouth open as he raked his eyes over Dean’s prone form, only for a few seconds until he called out Dean’s name and spilled over Dean’s abdomen, softening cock, and chest, the splatters of warm fluid making Dean feel a twinge in his dick, like it wanted to make another appearance.
SO somehow, when AO3 was telling me that it couldn't post due to error, it was actually posting my fic three times... :/  I deleted one, but the other two had already a few subscribers and bookmarks, so I feel like a dick about the whole thing and will update both, and I promise I'm not a narcissist posting my fic a bunch of times or anything like that XD
“Damn, buddy, you’ve got it bad for this guy,” Aaron said around a mouth full of peanuts.
“Some teabags?” Cas asked, looking at Dean innocently.
was normal.  He blushed and looked back up into Cas’s curious eyes.
********
“Charlie Bradbury!” Cas said a bit too loudly. “Come! Sit!  Let us sit and indulge in libations and make merry!”
Dean thought about how hard it might be to drive with the plug teasing him every time he shifted in his seat.  It was way too tempting to ride in Cas’s truck, bouncing along, driving the plug into his prostate.  And Cas not knowing that he still had it in.
“I particularly like the hairbrush video.  That’s been my favorite, until now, of course.”
“Do you need me to-”  Sam’s voice was sympathetic on the phone.
Cas was looking down at him, biting his lip and moaning.  “You should see yourself, love, you look so good with your cherry red lips wrapped around my cock, so good, so good just for me.”
Cas blushed and hurried after Dean as he went through his door, letting Cas in, then closing the door and locking it.
Dean froze mid-knee slap and stared at his best friend.  “Wha-”
Dean was still shuddering through his orgasm when he whispered into Cas’s ear.
Cas nodded and gave him a look.  But he turned and walked down the hall to do as Sam asked.
Dean shook his head, running his tongue up the middle of Cas’s sack, sucking one ball into his mouth and letting it go.  “No, tell me what to do.”  Cas froze.
What the fuck was wrong with him!  He really did need to get laid.  Maybe he’d go drive around until the club opened.  Or…
Cas growled, moving his fist harder and faster, flopping onto his stomach so he could picture holding Dean down and fucking into him mercerlessly, biting the pillow and burying himself over and over into the silicone facsimile of Dean’s perfect tight asshole.
Dean pulled out his phone and shot Cas a text.
“Then sit down, relax, and we’ll have a nice simple bachelor party.  All the guys are here, even Meg and Charlie, so let’s just have a good time.”
Dean smiled, still a bit in disbelief.
Cas chuckled and reached under Dean to stroke his neglected cock.  Dean cried out, the pleasure wracking his body as Cas pumped his fist and slowly pulled the panties from Dean’s hole and stuffing them in again with his fingers.  Dean was practically wheezing from the pleasure, mumbling nonsense into the bed.  He pushed up on his forearms so he could look under himself, watching the laptop through his and Cas’s parted thighs, watching the way Cas’s hand moved expertly over his cock.  Fuck, it was so hot.
A wicked grin spread across his face.  He pushed the mallet deeper, riding it faster, gripping the base of his cock to keep from coming.  He stopped, rose off the mallet, pleased how stretched he felt, and slid off the hood and grabbed the laptop.  He put the computer up on the hood, camera facing through the windshield.  He grabbed the lube and opened the driver’s side door, and crawled in on his knees.  The panties were soaked with lube and pre-come, so he pushed the front down below his balls, hooking them there.  He stroked his cock a few times, winking at the camera.
Of course, Dean stupidly slid in first, effectively being trapped by Cas.
“Better than the ‘Tossing a Salad with Fresh Vegetables’ one?”
Cas closed the laptop and rolled Dean over, kissing him deeply and caressing his face.  “You want to get in the shower now of after our nap, Dean?”
Even when Dean was a demon, he kept part of Cas with him.  It may have been what had kept his from becoming corrupted completely.  And there was no trace of Michael- and maybe that’s why he was expelled so easily when dark Kaia stabbed him.
Cas allowed this for only a few moments- he could feel that Dean was nearing orgasm- and he pulled his hands away and flipped Dean to his back in one swift movement with his wings.  Dean stared up, his lips parted and red from biting, there was a lovely pink flush all down his body, and he was panting and writhing around, his cock fully hard again.  Cas needed to tase him.
Dean stood and showed off for Cas, posing like a bodybuilder, prancing across the room for a laugh.  He felt so comfortable in that moment, safe.  Dean leaned across the table, ass up, legs spread, and looked coyly over his shoulder.  He nearly jolted when he saw Cas had already crossed the room.  Cas draped himself over Dean, his thick cock resting in the crevice of Dean’s ass.  Cas made sharp little thrusts with his hips, pressing Dean into the table, the friction making Dean whimper and push back into Cas.
“I brought you your laptop after Sam left.”  A smile twitched at the corner of his mouth.  “After I cleaned up a little, I thought I needed to see for myself what exactly you’d had done in my truck, Dean.”
“Was that good?” Dean asked, smiling weakly.
Ellen sighed and crossed her arms.  “Well, I guess that’s close as it gets.  You can’t help being the man’s man that you are, I reckon.  Just know, you can go do some heartbreaking of your own too.”
Cas took a sip, relishing how smooth the scotch was going down.  Raphael eyed him studiously.
Dean’s phone rang, the number local and unfamiliar.
Dean hissed when he felt Cas kneel up again and slide out.  Dean opened his eyes and watched amusedly as Cas pushed his come back into Dean with the head of his cock, and rubbed it around.  Cas seemed very focused on what he was doing, like making a mark on him.
“Balthazar isn’t interested in me that way.  He’s not interested in anyone that way.”
“Sucked that bad, huh?”  Dean shifted so he could look into Cas’s eyes.  They were very close, and he fought the urge to lean in and press their lips together.  He struggled to keep his eyes from straying to Cas’s mouth.
Dean clutched Cas’s thighs tightly as he came again, grunting.  “Cas,” he sighed as he climaxed.
Dean:  That sucks!  Y’all  have a party last night or something?
“Don’t you want pie, Dean?”  Cas’s lips were twitching.
Cas sighed happily and sucked on Dean’s neck.  “Guess not,” he mumbled between kisses.  Dean arched his neck so Cas could reach behind his ear, and thrust his hips up a little, his own cock not as quick to recover.  Cas decided he needed Dean to catch up.
Cas loved to dance.  It was when he felt the most honest, the most free.  The reason he didn’t dance with anyone (except for Dean Winchester, of course) was because he wanted his freedom, he didn’t want to be moved.  The best thing about dancing with Dean was that he let Cas lead, let him take control.  God, it had felt divine, the way they moved together, the way Dean had surrendered to Cas’s body.
Dean snorted.  “I won’t tell anyone, your friends left pretty quickly after I came in, so only you and I know, okay?  If you want to get married, you should.”
The circle of silicone rested against Dean’s skin and looked so beautiful there. Cas stroked it with his finger, and Dean whimpered.  Cas pressed at it with his thumb in a rhythm matching Dean’s strokes, and watched with wide eyes as Dean cried out and came into the bedsheets below himself, the muscles around the plug rippling and pushing out the plug.  Cas held it in, and Dean shouted and kept ejaculating, whimpering as strings of semen fell until he collapsed into it, humping in the wet mess as Cas twisted the plug back and forth, pressing it forward into Dean’s prostate, milking out as much as he could.
I LOVE YOU GUYSSSSSSS
Dean:  A bit too much of what?
“Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck.”  Cas whispered. He cleared his throat.  “I’m not feeling well, Dean, just go on without me!”
Which was good, because once the floodgates of fantasizing about Cas opened, there was no closing them.
Dean:  A bit too much of what?
“Dean, you should see yourself the way I see you, so perfect, so beautiful.”  Cas tossed the plug to the side and felt Dean’s stretched rim. He ran his fingertips over Dean’s cock, teasing, making it jump and throb.   Dean moaned wantonly and tried to get Cas’s fingers inside himself.  Cas chuckled lowly.  “Just a moment, and you can have it all.”
Dean nodded again.
Cas got dressed quickly, and tried to arrange his hair into something presentable.  He concentrated hard, and with effort, willed his penis to stay put and not get hard again.  Now was not the time for marathon masturbating.
“Oh fuck!”  Dean hadn’t expected the warm wetness of Cas’s tongue to touch him first.  He licked at Dean’s hole, pushing and prodding, pausing to hold Dean’s cheeks apart further.  Dean lost balance and fell into the pillow, his ass still high in the air, greedy for more of that tongue.
Cas collapsed into the passenger seat.  He was flushed and his hair was a mess, and the bandage wrapping the cut on his hand was starting to seep through.  Dean felt like he had lost twenty years off his life and his heart seemed to be trying to escape his chest, even though the danger was over.
She smiled fondly at him for a split second, then let her mask of teenage disdain slip on again.  Cas felt accomplished that he made the angsty girl smile.  He liked her.
Dean’s body seemed to blush all at once, and the blood shot to his groin in a rush so fast he had to yank at the front of his jeans to adjust himself.
“I need a nap, Cas,” Dean mumbled, his eyes already closed, “then a snack, if we’re going to marathon fuck, which by the way, is an excellent idea.”
“Didst I sayeth that out loud?”
Dean sat at the bar, on his second beer.  It was nearly 1 am, and he was feeling pretty good about his life choices at the moment.  He did indeed meet Aaron at the bar, but instead of fucking, they played three rounds of pool.  Jo got winner, so Dean played three with her.  They’d laughed, ate awesome burgers (Dean kept saying he’d have gone gay earlier if he knew that the burgers were so good.  Ellen hit him with a spatula), and just talked about stuff.  Dean ended up spilling everything about Cas to Aaron and Jo, and they lent a sympathetic ear, ensuring him that he’d have the opportunity to meet lots of men, and there was someone out there for him.
“Oh, and, Cas?  Leave the eyeliner on.”  Dean loved the way Cas shuddered and grabbed the doorframe, as if the request made his knees weak.
Dean’s eyebrows shot up.  “The BMW is yours?  Holy shit that’s cool.”
He had come four times in a row, soaking Dean’s pillow.
“No, wasn’t planning to.  He was just a guy I, uh, you know…”
Dean shuddered.  “Oh, god,” he muttered as he slumped back into Cas’s neck again, trying not to shift- he didn’t want Cas’s cock out of him just yet.  Even as it softened, it just felt so good.  “Yeah, let’s do...things.”
“I’ve been following your Pornhub channel for a while, Dean.”
Most of the day had passed without a text from Cas.  Not that he was waiting by his phone or anything.  Dean guessed he should should be the one who reached out...but he was pretty embarrassed about the stuff he’d said the night before.  Maybe he could wait until the nighttime- a day of video games and last-minute shopping with Sam would keep him busy.  It was Christmas Eve and Cas was probably...what did rich guys do for Christmas Eve?
“Dean!” he groaned out as he came, this load seemingly larger and longer.
Raphael was sizing him up again, with a critical eye.
Planning to go out and get laid didn’t feel as exciting as it should have.  It just felt forced.
“Wait Cas,” Dean groaned, writhing under him. Cas froze, waiting for the rejection he was so sure he was going to get.  “Let’s go to the guest room.  There’s more room, more private, and I want you all to myself.”
Dean furrowed his brow.  Was this a guy Cas had just fucked?  Was he lying in bed with this Balthazar guy?
He handed off the duvet a few minutes later, and mumbled something about maybe taking a nap (not that anyone was paying much attention to him), and he nearly ran back to the room.  He rounded the corner to the East Wing and-
Cas:  I like hanging out with you and stuff too, Dean :)
“What else did you bring,” Dean panted, motioning to the box.
“Get what over with?” Cas asked, suddenly terrified that Dean would tell him he needed to leave the bunker again.  He knew it was unlikely, but the feeling would sometimes surface for no reason, as if it were imprinted in him, a shadow that wouldn’t disappear no matter how strong the light shining on it was.
“As in, I can’t get it out or remove it from the current location it is in.  It’s stuck.”
“Really?” Cas tilted his head and walked over to look at Sam’s laptop, where the giant flannel nerd was clacking away, probably showing Cas the bunker’s lore database.
“Cas, I uh,”  Dean panted, “yeah hold on, I need to unlock the door.”  There was a clicking sound and the door cracked open, followed by the sound of unsteady footsteps as Dean rushed back to the bed.
Cas kept his face neutral as they walked.  “Of course Dean.  I have a surprise for you.”
There was a shuffling sound of the shower curtain being drawn back, and in a moment, Dean emerged, hunched over in his robe, holding a towel over his crotch.  His face was beet red and he wouldn’t look at Cas.
Dean hummed, watching in satisfaction as Cas’s eyes fluttered shut at the vibration.  Dean reached from behind Cas to pull at his balls, and rub his perineum, pressing the pad of his thumb on Cas’s thobbing hole.  Cas cried out a warning, and Dean sucked hard as the first spurt of come filled his mouth, drinking it down greedily, pushing Cas deeper into his throat, past his gag reflex and sucking every last drop.  Cas pulled slowly out, a dribble or too hitting Dean’s chin which he stuck his tongue out and tried to lap up.  Cas’s eyes fluttered and he moaned again as he moved back down Dean’s body to lick his own come of his face and kiss him deeply.
He looked pretty good right then, cock all hard and poking out of the waistband of the black panties he’d shoplifted from Walmart.  His hair was a little messy, and he was holding an anal plug that his best friend just surprised him with and told him to ‘enjoy.’
Cas came so hard beams of light shot out from him, and he clamped his teeth down into the crook of Dean’s neck, biting him hard, breaking skin just a little, holding back.
Dean wanted to punch himself.
“Dean?” Cas slipped the key back in his pocket.  “What are you doing in here?”
“What’s got your proverbial panties in a twist, my fine feathered friend?”  He sipped his own drink.  “Would it happen to be over a certain green-eyed virgin with devilish good looks?”
Dean cut him off with a kiss.  Cas relaxed and sighed into Dean’s mouth.  Dean pulled back, staring him straight in the eye.
It was two days later that Dean found the second blue anal plug in the bathroom of his hideaway.
Dean shuddered.
“Hey, buddy, it’s fine,” Dean said offhandedly as he inspected his shirt.  “I, uh, feel a little funny.”
Dean gasped and grasped Cas by the sides of his face and opened his mouth so Cas could swipe his tongue in.  He tasted himself on Dean’s lips, and he moaned into the kiss, swept away by the sounds and smells and tastes of Dean.  He pistoned his hips and kissed Dean, feeling the pleasure mount as he slid over the textured bump of Dean’s prostate.  Dean’s cock was dripping again, and Cas pounded into him harder.  Dean was whimpering and clutching Cas, lifting his hips in tandem with Cas’s thrusts.
Charlie began laughing and sat next to him.  “Ye olde liquor has you by the balls.  How bout we stick to water, now, kay?”
He thought he heard a noise and whipped his head around, but there was nothing there, just his empty room full of memories of Dean, who was so close but so far away.
Dean took himself in hand, laying flat and closing his eyes, stroking himself to the image of Cas hovering over him, carefully teabagging him, his soft, warm, loose skin brushing gently across Dean’s lips and nose.
“Uh...what?  Nothing, I mean, go back to sleep.”  He was mortified at being caught.  He’d definitely never tried to jerk off in the bed next to
“No, wasn’t planning to.  He was just a guy I, uh, you know…”
“Hey Ro- yes, of course, I know you’re busy-”  Sam rolled his eyes over to Dean, as he was clearly getting chewed out for always needing something.  He coughed.  “I’m not rolling my eyes, how did you-  oh, okay.  Thanks, I’ll tell him.”  He hung up.
Dean rolled his eyes and pulled away from the curb.
Cas:  Just as well, you probably deserve more than a quick shag.  Casssie seems to think you are the relationship kind.
“What the hell?”  Dean mumbled quietly, turning the shirt over in his hands,  then sniffing it.  It definitely had been stolen from Dean’s dirty laundry, but with an added scent of masculinity and crispness that he associated with Cas.  Had Cas been wearing his shirt?   Or jerking off with it?  Or what?
Dean could barely make it through the interview.  His eyes kept sliding back over to Cas, seeing how relaxed and happy he looked.  It wasn’t a normal state for the angel, but it looked good on him.
********
It only took seconds for Cas to come after him, but those seconds were long enough for Dean to realize he was speaking the truth, and as he felt Cas start to orgasm, he grabbed Cas’s come-covered fingers and sucked them into his mouth, licking his own semen off them, nearly deep-throating Cas’s fingers.  It was weird, but he wanted as much of Cas inside him as he could get.
Sam came back in with ice, which Rowena carefully held to Dean’s forehead.  It felt nice.
Cas huffed a laugh.  “Yeah, that one is just for me.  But…”
“You want me to fuck you?” He growled.  Dean nodded fervently.  “You need me to prep you more?  Because I don’t want to hurt you, or anything.”
Unfortunately, Dean had chosen to stay behind as well.
in his hole.  Cas batted his hand away and used his own fingers to rub slow circles around Dean’s hole, pressing but not penetrating.
He had a better idea.
Cas was dressed down for the occasion.  He’d only brought one suit, packed along with the suit he’d bought and had taylored for Dean.  Of course, Dean had complained that it was too expensive, but Cas tutted him and reminded him it was really for Cas’s benefit- Dean’s ass looked amazing in the trousers.  Dean had blushed then smirked and agreed.
“I know what a Fleshlight is, Cas.” Dean cut him off, nearly sobbing with the effort not to stroke himself to Cas’s description of fucking a sex toy.
“But I don’t want to get married!” Cas screamed, his voice cracking.  He shut his mouth with a snap.
Dean blushed harder.  “I think you might be under the impression that I don’t like you or you’re just a hookup or something, but man,”  Dean looked him square in the eye.  “I can’t stop thinking about you.  I want you, I mean really want you, okay?”
Dean:  I got back early.  What r u up too?
Cas came with a shout, spilling on Dean’s slacks like he’d wanted, standing still as Dean stroked him until he was over-sensitive.
“Fuck, Cas,” Dean whispered as they walked to the door of the station, “I can’t do this any longer, we need to go to the motel.”
Cas hit the bluetooth button on the steering wheel.  “Call Diamond.”
Dean’s stomach dropped again as he failed to see the spark in Cas’s eyes that was just for him.  They looked so cold.
Cas’s lips twitched at the corners.  “You need a massage?  I’m sure one of the other hunters could-”
He bounded up the front steps and unlocked the door.  The house appeared quiet.  He shrugged, figuring someone must have just parked it there.  He brought up his bags to his room, a bit on the tired side.  The last week had been pretty emotionally exhausting.  Revisiting old memories did that to a guy.
“Three times?  Is that even possible?”
Dean got pissed.  That guy had said he was the one that got away, but Cas was still sleeping with him?  What the fuck?  He knew it was fishy that the guy had Cas’s phone.  They had been in bed together!
Dean nodded.  Cas moved back to the plug and worked it out carefully, licking at Dean’s sensitive rim.  The plug came out and was dropped on the bed.  Dean fell on his stomach and was manhandled until Cas was between his legs, the laptop camera pointing at Dean’s open and spasming hole.  Cas dipped fingers in, slapping Dean’s ass and pulling his cheeks apart to show their audience.
“Like the Nephilim that were created before the Great Flood?”
Dean:  LOL you don’t sound so bad
Cas and Sam’s laughter echoed through the bunker as the door slammed shut.
Dean’s eyebrows shot up.  “The BMW is yours?  Holy shit that’s cool.”
“Maybe.  I don’t know.  Yeah.”  Admitting it out loud felt kind of good.  He went on to tell Raphael the entire story, from the kiss to the argument, while liquor inventory was completed and they moved to the stockroom.
“Thanks, Cas,” Dean gasped, his hips leaving the mattress for a moment as he closed his eyes.  He writhed, and Cas could see the blood returning to his penis through the sheet.  Dean looked tired.
He twisted slowly, inching it in, wondering if he should have stretched a little more.  Finally the globe slid in place, leaving him feeling gaping open and full at the same time.
Hannah was much nicer than Naomi, to be sure, but she was that same kind of controlled emotionless domineering woman, and Cas had no idea how to get out of it.  Hannah had basically convinced him that marrying would be fiscally responsible, and they could have children as soon as possible since she was nearing 40.  It sounded logical at the time, but she had a way of posing just about anything as logical and getting Cas to go along with it.
Doubt started to creep in, and it must have shown in his face because Dean reacted quickly and pulled has face down close to his, whispering against his lips.
Dean laughed and threw off the blanket, the chill air feeling fantastic on his overheated, slick skin.  Cas looked back into his eyes.  It sent a jolt through him, the care and affection he saw there.  Dean rolled his hips, eliciting a hiss from Cas, whose eyes darkened and filled with hunger.  Dean grinned, rolling Cas to his back and straddling his thighs.  Cas’s hands moved to Dean’s hips, and Dean scooted up so Cas’s cock lined his ass crack and ground down once, twice, Cas pressing back and gasping loudly.
“I’m just saying you’re not alone.  Sometimes your hand can get boring.”
He couldn’t move.  He laid there on his back, staring at the garage ceiling.  Fuck.  He strained to reach the laptop with his fingertips, the cold of the concrete starting to leak into his muscles as the sweat dired.
Cas’s eyes flashed and his lips stayed parted and red from being bitten, his eyeliner making his eyes stand out, bright and focused beneath half-lidded eyes.
Cas could feel the whiskey creeping into his peripheral.  It was a warm feeling, light, buzzy.  He headed out into the mob, swaying and stepping in time to the beat.  He found a good spot and just let go.
********
Cas swallowed on his suddenly dry throat.  It took everything he had not to lean in and lick Dean, to run his tongue around that puckered hole, tasting the musk and eliciting moans and pleasure from the man.
“What’s this?” Cas asked in the worst impression of innocence.
Dean held his breath as he watched Cas slip out of the bathroom and out the door again.  He was pretty sure Cas hadn’t noticed he was there, and it was a good thing.  He was completely naked except for a pair of black panties, paused in the act of jerking off.
There were several factors, of course.  First of all, seeing Cas after having to kick him out of the bunker was making Dean feel like the biggest jerk in the world, and secondly, seeing him working like an average schmo was just so fucking strange.
“Oops, sorry man.”  Dean turned to face the wall but didn’t leave.
“Hey, man, it’s cool,” Dean said, placatingly.  “There was a time when I was trying to take a break from hooking up the ladies and started being acrobatic with my fun time.  Nothing this dangerous, but I have fucked a watermelon, a knothole in a tree, and I had this sex toy that-”
Fuck fuck fuck no.
“Could you just not stare at it, it’s not helping,” Cas moaned, trying to look everywhere but Dean.
What the fuck was wrong with him!  He really did need to get laid.  Maybe he’d go drive around until the club opened.  Or…
He came with a groan inside the panties, the silky pink fabric darkening.
“Oh, ha ha,” Dean snarked, “nice try.  I’ll ride your dick when I wake up, I promise.  Just let me nap.”
Cas sighed.  “I can’t believe you’re making me do this.”
Thank you
“What’s got your proverbial panties in a twist, my fine feathered friend?”  He sipped his own drink.  “Would it happen to be over a certain green-eyed virgin with devilish good looks?”
Cas regarded her curiously.  “Dean said that men often can lend a ‘helping hand’ to one another if the situation calls for it.  And he helped me out of a... tight situation recently.  Then I walked in on him stimulating his prostate with a souvenir from the Empire State building on my bed.”
He opened the lube and spread some on the pointy end of the plug, bending back over and twisting to see himself press it firmly on his hole.  The tip went in easily, much easier than fingers, and he moaned as he pushed it in more.  The bulb was wide and he had to pause and let himself relax, pushing it in and out, stretching himself quickly.  It burned and ached deliciously when it popped through and into place, resting on his prostate.
“I- I..uh,” was all Dean could produce.
Cas glanced back and forth between his wings and Dean for a moment, confused.  “Perhaps Michael has left residue of his grace behind, enabling you to see them.”  Sounded plausible.  Of course it just made Cas’s grace twist with ugly jealousy; Dean was
Cas cried out Dean’s name, hooking Dean’s jaw with his fingers still in Dean’s mouth and yanking him around for a sloppy kiss.  Dean used his sore ass muscles to milk the rest of Cas’s orgasm from him, Cas moaning weakly into his mouth.
Dean turned to Cas, his face lit up and painfully hopeful.  “Yeah!  I mean, yeah I’d like to go to dinner with you.”
Cas pulled it closer to his chest.  “Yes, a present to cheer him up.”  He was at a loss as to how to explain it, so he stopped talking.
Dean groaned and pushed back into Cas, grinding his hips to push Cas’s dick deeper into his crack.  It wasn’t enough.
It had been so long since he’d gotten off really really well.  It was hard to do when people seemed to always be in and out of every room.  And the showers, forget about it,there was no privacy.  It might as well have been a circle jerk when Earth 2’s hunters were in there, and Dean even interrupted Sam in there once.  He’d started taking showers in the East wing, in the small guest room ensuite, finally getting some privacy.
Cas froze, turned bright red and started fumbling words again.  “I mean- I um, like when I say that- I um, you know-”
“So, Mom and Bobby?” Dean redirected the conversation.
But he didn’t want everything to go back to normal.  He wanted to keep buying sex toys for Dean and maybe watch him use them.  And buy panties for Dean to ruin.  AND to mount him and-
He pulled out of Dean just in time, spilling on Dean’s belly and using his come to jerk Dean off.  Dean came hard, crying out Cas’s name over and over, until going limp.
“What did you tell Cas?”
“I’m not in love with him, that’s crazy,” Dean snapped.  “I’m just saying...he’s cool.”
The world stopped spinning and froze to ice.  In the midst of all the cold, sweat broke out on Dean’s back and his breathing quickened.  He felt like he was about to have a panic attack.  Sex?  Balthazar didn’t say anything about them being a thing
She smiled and came around the counter to give him a quick hug.  She really reminded him of Claire.  Claire had always been encouraging about the situation with Dean.
“I mean, sometimes friends lend each other a helping hand, you know, no big deal, this is kind of an emergency.”
Cas:  LOL I’d break more than that.
Cas grinned and dropped his towel, giving Dean a glimpse of his cock before jumping under the covers and lying alongside him in the dark.  Cas was a little bigger than Dean, leaning toward the left, tan and half hard already.  Dean’s blood had rushed to his groin at the sight, and his mouth watered.  He wondered what it would feel like to have Cas in his mouth.
“The cuffs Dean?”  Cas asked, his voice sinfully low and hopeful.  Dean shuddered and pulled them out, plus Cas’s giant bottle of lube, from the drawer by the bedside.  He climbed up on the bed slowly, wanting to relish every moment.
Dean stared at his phone.  He was so confused.  Was Balthazar completely full of shit?  It really seemed like Cas wasn’t interested in him.
Cas pulled Dean up to kiss him, rolling them until Dean was on the bottom.  Cas then spun around until he was straddling Dean’s face.
“Okay,” Dean mumbled into his pillow, and he bowed his back and relaxed more.
he thought sadly, washing the plug off well.
Nora smiled broadly and handed Cas a bottle of spray bleach.  “Oh, and tonight, 7:00 at my place work for you?”
The color was leaving Cas’s face.  Dean began to panic.  “I’m so sorry, I wasn’t supposed to say anything, cause if you knew, then the other angels would find out…”  It sounded pathetic when he said it out loud.
The area around the catwalk was beginning to fill up, nearing the time of the show.  Cas whirled when someone tapped his shoulder.
They stood there, Dean’s warm hand still wrapped around Cas’s softening cock, eyes locked, stunned expressions on their faces.  Cas glanced down.
Cas stopped what he was doing and crawled over Dean to look down at him.  “I have plans for you, Dean, ways to punish you, but I assure you, they will be just as pleasurable for you as they will be for me.”
Cas was already to the door of the bathroom before he realized he’d taken flight.  It was like a cold bucket of water to the face- he was unaware his wings were in any condition to fly.  He looked over his shoulder and shook them out.  They were still a bit ragged, and there were a few feathers missing, but he could see new ones starting to grow in those spots.  He stood in stunned silence and swung them forward so he could run his hands through them, straightening them.  He shuddered at the touch.  It had been so long since he had been able to see or touch them that they were incredibly sensitive.
“Mmm.  Skin,” he mumbled into Dean’s hair.
Cas smiled to himself.  “Destiny.  We’re more of the Team Free WIll type.”
“Yeah, Dean,” Jo sighed, wiping at the bar out of habit.  “I wish I had someone who I could fall in love with at first sight.”
“The Bureau has been following similar crimes across state lines, so you can imagine we’d want to follow up on this.”  Dean tried to hold as still as possible while the Sheriff nodded.  He grabbed a file and handed it over to Dean.  Cas stood serenely with his hands shoved in the pockets of his trench coat, nodding along.  Dean tried not to let his eyes wander to Cas’s left hand settled in his pocket, where he clutched a small remote.
Cas realized he might be a little drunk.  The 10 o’clock show was starting soon, so he went to grab a water and headed to the stage.  He took a seat at his usual table, leaning back in his chair and trying to look uninterested.  He still had to fend no less than 10 offers for sexual favors, which was like, 3 times as many as usual.  He smiled politely and finally just glowered at whoever looked at him, giving them his best fuck-off face.  A girl dressed in platform shoes and a purple wig was serving drinks and brought Cas another on the house. She was new, so he gave her the rundown. He’d really tip her well.  He went ahead and gave her his card, asking her to hold onto it for him and take twenty percent of all he’d drank at the end of the night and ring it up under the button in the computer marked, ‘angel tips’, which Raphael assigned just for him so the servers could get their earnings from the till.  It was a good system, and it ensured Cas paid for and tipped without fucking it up if he got plastered.  Raphael was like an older sibling to Cas and always took good care of him.
Dean went limp again, and Cas watched as his cock grew hard again almost immediately, and he gripped it again, starting the process over, this time using his left hand to massage Dean’s balls as well.
All he had to do now was wait.  He thought about jerking off to pass the time, but chastised himself- that’s how he got in that mess to begin with!  He closed his eyes and let himself drift.
Dean:  Who is the mystery man?
Dean smiled at her.  “Yeah I really like that one with Mila Kunis and Justin Timberlake.
Dean lifted his head, only a breath away from Cas’s lips, and stared into him, the bright green of his eyes thin around his wide pupils.
Cas froze in place, his eyes darting back and forth between Sam and the witch.  She had a smirk pulling at her twisted red lips, and Cas could see the darkness swarming her fractured soul- like a cloud of flies gathered above roadkill- it fluttered and moved in the way a demon deal could only produce.
Cas’s eyes flew to his in surprise, the intense blue no less clear and deep without his grace.  It left Dean off-kilter and his stomach swooped yet again.  Maybe he was coming down with something.
He pictured the round globes of Dean’s ass, tight and high in the air, his hole stretched and gaping, waiting to be filled, to be filled by
Dean moaned.  He sure felt like dying.  He needed Cas.  Why would he leave him?  He just wanted to make Cas want him like he wanted Cas.
” Dean continued, sauntering slowly back to the chair.  “But it is simple.  Do what you want.”
“Stop!  Stop or I’ll come!” Cas warned, his voice cracking.
“Com’on, Cas, fuck me!”  He whined impatiently.
Cas’s attention snapped back to Dean.  “Balthazar and I don’t have something more.”
Soon enough he was naked and face down on his bed, fucking his tight fist ferociously, remembering how aroused Dean smelled all evening, and the groan that escaped his lips as he orgasmed clutching Cas, and the look of painful ectasy painted across his beautiful features.
Everything had seemed like such a good idea at the time.  Texting Cas in the first place- good idea.  Getting a handjob in a seedy hometown gay bar- good idea.  Getting wasted and texting Cas about aforementioned handjob- awesome idea.  The logic of why he would do such a thing was beyond his grasp in the light of day.  He remembered the whole conversation; he couldn’t claim a blackout- but it was yet another point on the scorecard in the column that said ‘stop drinking.’  It was guaranteed to make him do stupid things, and knowing his genetics, he was doomed to become an alcoholic like his father.
The comments pinged again.  Cas pulled his fingers away and yanked Dean’s hips up again, rubbing the head of his cock over the clenching hole.  Cas spit, the feel of it sliding down Dean’s crack making him shiver in anticipation, and he rubbed it in Dean’s hole with his cock,  teasing and moaning.  Dean whimpered a ‘please’ out, and Cas pushed in just the tip, then pulling it out with a pop.  He pushed it in again, then pulled it back out, slapping Dean’s wet hole with his cock a few times.  The laptop pinged madly.
It wasn’t long until he had decided to try it.
“Not here,” Cas gave one final thrust and pulled back, pulling Dean into a standing position.   “I have some things I’d like to do to you Dean, do you trust me?”
Cas had been making coffee, and one of the other hunters came in and asked if he could have some.  Cas had snapped at him, really kind of
“Dean, do you know what you ask of me?  What will happen if I do?”
“And about damn time too!”  Ellen exclaimed.  “If you could have heard how he mooned over that woman when she married your dad- I swear.  I never measured up, but I hardly cared.  We got to have Jo, then I met the love of my life.”  She nodded over at Pam who was leaning over the bar, reading a man’s palm and laughing with him.  Pam was awesome.  She seemed to feel eyes on her and looked up, giving Ellen a wink.  Ellen rolled her eyes and blushed.  “That woman will be the death of me.”
“Of course, I’m just here getting stocked up for tonight.  You can help me move liquor boxes.”
“I don’t think he’s really interested in me.  He’s having fun or whatever, and maybe I should be doing that too.”
Dean blinked rapidly.  “Wow.  So you went from fighting...heavenly battles to shelving dildos?”
Chapter 4
Dean decided to be brave.  “That was literally the best sex of my entire life, and I want to do that over and over, like forever?”
Cas smiled.  He felt really good.  Really very good.  Too bad he probably couldn’t get Dean to jerk him off every day.  “Yeah, let’s go.”
Then the knob became Cas’s fat cock, thrusting into Dean again and again, making his thighs shake and tremble.  Dean let go of his cock, gripping the backrest with both hands and fucking down hard on the knob, going faster.  He realized he was about to come, so he pulled off and turned again, facing the camera and pushing the knob in again, pressing his prostate firmly and gripping the dash with both hands, coming explosively, hitting the radio, the dashboard, the windshield.  His ass rippled around the knob over and over, a shrill sound piercing the air.  He realized he was screaming in ecstasy, and rolled his hips, causing another wave of pleasure to hit him, making his cock pump out two more spurts of come.   In his thrall, the song had ended and it was silent in the cab as he had come, the only sounds were the sounds of sex, and moans falling from Dean’s lips as he came down.
Dean pictured himself keeping Cas awake all night with an erection.
“Well, not all of us are fortunate enough to find willing partners at a bar every night.”  Cas  was getting irritated.
“May I take you to dinner?  If you’re not busy, that is.”
Cas loved to dance.  It was when he felt the most honest, the most free.  The reason he didn’t dance with anyone (except for Dean Winchester, of course) was because he wanted his freedom, he didn’t want to be moved.  The best thing about dancing with Dean was that he let Cas lead, let him take control.  God, it had felt divine, the way they moved together, the way Dean had surrendered to Cas’s body.
Cas grabbed the blanket and threw it over them as the chill started to dry the sweat on their skin.
“What?” Cas turned to make sure his clothes were in place, and looked back at the other man.
Cas looked around desperately.  He couldn’t reach any bedsheets or anything, the best thing he could reach was the window curtain, and if he tried to cover himself, everyone in the parking lot would see his behind.
“That’s not a dildo, Dean,” Cas said conversationally.  “You could potentially injure yourself, you know.”
Dean had been stationed outside the store for nearly half an hour, and still couldn’t muster up enough courage to go inside.
His cocked jumped again.  He was impressed he had enough energy left after all that for a second round.  At that point, it was already twice as long as all the other videos he’d ever posted.  He closed his eyes and twisted his hand, not quite able to get at his prostate at that angle.  He imagined being held down, with someone else’s fingers inside him, a voice whispering in his ear, encouraging him, their stubble brushing his, catching, and blue eyes piercing his own.  He moaned and finger fucked himself- it wasn’t enough, he needed more.  His brain was so soupy that he couldn’t think of anything else to put in his ass.  A dick.  He laughed at himself, his fingers pushing in further.  He wasn’t gay.  He just had an anal fetish.  And a pretty large gay following on the internet.  But he’d never wanted a cock in his ass before.
The song ended and Dean knelt like a knight and kissed her hand.
“Not feeling well, what?  Angels don’t get sick, I thought.  What’s wrong?”
“Dean, can I…?”
Cas nodded against his neck.  “Dean,” he whispered again.  “Love, I can’t...I mean, I never…”
Cas perused the aisle of brightly colored silicone, his eyes moving slowly back and forth.   Every device was carefully labeled and packaged, some with photos of men and some with women.  Others had no photos but simply proclaimed to be the best at pleasure and simulation, using words like ‘guaranteed multiple orgasms’, and ‘give your partner the gift of pleasure.’  Cas knew the partner part didn’t really apply to his case, but the gift idea was there, so he picked up a package with a set of anal plugs in three sizes.  There was no explanation as to why the variation of sizes, but Cas assumed it was so one could work their way up to a large intrusion without injury.
He nodded.  Ellen was so sweet.  Under all that gruffness, that was.  It was shocking that two old grumps like Bobby and Ellen could produce Jo- she was an angel.  An angel who could smite the shit out of you, but an angel.
Dean waited, his stomach fluttering hard as a slow smile crept across the angel’s kiss-bitten lips.
“Stop!  Stop or I’ll come!” Cas warned, his voice cracking.
Cas: Mother.  She’s awful when she has a hangover.
“Cas, I’m gonna need you to wake up a little and get in the shower, okay man?  You should really wash off that cut on your hand.”
Cas:  LOL pretty much.  It’s to help society spot the douchebags easier
Every day, Cas was grateful Dean had walked into that room and nervously kissed him.
“Cas, take off your shirt,” Dean whined, “the buttons are poking my back.”
“We need to find Cas.” Sam was already out the door, headed to the storerooms for ingredients.
“Would the two of you like to be alone, I mean we can all go home if you’d like,”  Ms. Diamond Larue was standing above them in her floor-length sparkling silver gown and very tall blonde wig.  Apparently the show had started while Cas was flirting with Dean.  The audience hooted and whistled.  Dean smiled broadly up at her and stood, taking Diamond’s hand and kissing it like a gentleman.
“Come on already,” Dean whined.  “I need you, Cas.”
Cas slid closer, his body lining up along Dean’s, his hard cock a line pressing into Dean’s hip as his hand took over and began to stroke lovingly over Dean’s cock.  Dean arched up, calling Cas’s name, his thighs spreading wider.
like Dean, no less.
Cas hushed Dean and kissed him.  “You are perfect in every way, Dean, I’ve always thought so.”
Dean sighed.  “Cas, I want you so bad I can’t stand it.  I think I’ve been thinking about it so long, it’s all built up in my head and I don’t know what to do first.”  Confession in the darkness was nice.  “I kind of want to suck your dick.  I’ve never done that before, so it might be terrible, but hell, I gotta start somewhere.”
“Just get out for a few minutes!” Dean shouted,  “I’m sure I can get rid of it, jeez, let a guy alone, for fuck’s sake.”
Cas watched as a pearl of precome formed on the tip of Dean’s cock as he spoke.
“That sounds like a real case, Dean, maybe I should come down there.”
Sam was staring at the black plastic bag tucked under Cas’s arm.  “Is that...uh...for Dean?”
Cas wrinkled his nose.  “Dairy products are not in the ‘good choices’ category.  I’m only making good choices now!”  He put the shot back on her tray.  “Away with yee, lovely wench!” he called with grandiosity.  Then a little quieter, “Can you bring me some water?”
“You want to get food somewhere else, Dean?”  Cas looked both concerned and amused.
“That sounds serious, you need me to get a key and come help you?”  Dean sounded worried again.
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas whispered.  “I didn’t think you’d ever want this with me.”
Dean shrugged.  “Okay, I guess.  I saw him at the bar a couple of times this week, we shot pool with Jo.”
Cas sighed and stood, straightening his suit, though it was never going to be the same after their adventure.  “Dean, it’s not your fault.  Gabe sticks his nose in where it doesn’t belong...I just...I’ve been with Hannah for five years, and she wants to have children, so we have to get married so we can…you know.”  He waved his hand hoping Dean would get it.
Dean:  And who are you exactly?
There was a distinctive ping from down the quiet hall.  A door opened and Dean could hear socked feet padding his way.
“I don’t think I want to post that one now,” he said, sitting up to look at Cas.
Cas:  Sure Dean.  It’s not my place to say the nature of our past relationship- or lack thereof
Dean clasped his hands together and grinned.  “Yes, yes, yes.  Thanks, buddy.”  He slapped Cas’s arm, also noting how he flinched slightly.
Dean swooned and fainted.
Did Dean think this was a joke?  Or was it a present?  He thought the latter, because he’d seen Dean perform pranks in the past, and it was never in this way, so intimate.
Cas moved back mentally and physically, his cock slipping from Dean, wetness running out.  Dean sighed and relaxed.
Dean:  Look man, I just wanted to apologize.  Won’t Cas be mad about you being on his phone?
Cas stood by the bar, looking around the club as the bass pulsed on the very crowded dance floor.  He certainly was getting a lot of stares.  He wondered if this was the wisest move, letting Ms. Diamond LaRue surface and drag him into the makeup room.  Sure it was just a little eyeliner, but the reactions from the drag queens coming into work while he was back there raved about how sexy he looked.  They said his eyes were ‘stunning’ and ‘to die for’ and ‘panty soakers’, but the only panties he could think about were the ones Dean was wearing in his mind, prancing around his room, teasing Cas.
Dean felt himself be manhandled onto his side, and Cas slid up behind him, molding his body against Dean’s back, kissing his neck and pulling him flush.
Dean yanked his jeans back on and shuffled over to Cas, used condom tucked into the wrapper.
Dean cringed as Cas continued to scrub at the dried come, and bit his tongue on the advice on dried come cleaning that surfaced in his mind.
Cas:  Goodnight Dean.
“Hole-lover69 from Michigan wants me to stuff you.”  Cas grinned down at him, wadding up the silk fabric.
Dean twisted his hand, feeling the knot of tissue inside Cas and pressed.
“No,” Dean gasped.  “Never.  I never even kissed a guy, Cas.  Not before you.”
He watched a pretty looking brunette approach him, laughing, and touching his arm and standing very close.  Dean frowned, thinking of April again.  Cas was vulnerable as a human and wouldn’t be able to spot an predator if they tried to take advantage of him, like April did.
His cock was already hard again.
Cas’s mind growled,
Cas wrinkled his nose in distaste.  “No.  That would be…”  He trailed off, seeing her point.  “So it’s an unconventional friendship.”
“That’s what I mean, dear boy.  But luckily, I fixed the spell so it won’t kill you, maybe, but you must keep your winky appeased for the next 12 hours, to expel the potion, so to speak, or there is a slight possibility you will...die.”
Dean:  Oh.  Cool good for you :)
It pressed so hard against his prostate that he swore and slouched onto the bed again.  He might not be able to even walk around with this one!  He caught his breath and tried again, standing slowly, his eyes fluttering shut as waves of pleasure coursed over his skin.  His cock was hard and leaking, and he kept his hands off, relishing how the pressure and the fullness just broke him.
Cas choked a little on his whiskey.  “I don’t think he’s a virgin-”
I also had to put a whole lot of Cas snark in here- in honor of his canon sass from season 13 so far.  I fucking love SassyCassy.
He flipped off the light and stumbled a little finding the door to the room, then slipped out and headed for his room, smiling broadly to himself.  This was an excellent plan.  He really hoped Dean liked his gift.
Cas brought his wings around to stabilize Dean’s hip as he used his left hand between Dean’s thighs and felt the heat and firmness of his cock.  He made a fist for Dean to push into as he fucked himself back on Cas’s fingers, speeding up and moaning.
Cas was glad he had put a plastic shopping bag over the balloon and was holding it down like he had purchased a ball or something.  He went quickly down the stairs and toward his room, glad he’d not run into anyone-
Dean laughed delightedly, leaving the room quietly, closing the door behind him.  He was quick in the bathroom, brushing his teeth first so his dick got a chance to settle down so he could actually pee.  He smelled his armpits, and shrugged.  He hopped into the shower and quickly scrubbed, nothing fancy, and toweled off.  He made a stop at Cas’s room to steal some bottles of water from the mini fridge.
Cas sat up a little.  “Oh, I almost forgot,” he mumbled and he reached away from Dean somewhere.  There was a rustling sound and Cas settled back into Dean, reaching down and pulling Dean’s legs apart.  Dean felt a slick finger touch his hole.  He shuddered and smiled into Cas’s chest as the angel slowly pushed the remote-controlled plug back into his hole, twisting it until it was comfortable.  “We have another show tonight at 11.  I have an idea pertaining to stealing a few things from the housekeeping cart and the white panties in your bag.”
Dean snorted in spite of himself.  Cas grinned at him.
He pulled the laptop by his head and hit the spacebar to stop recording.  An image of his close-up face flinching in agony as his back spasmed was frozen on the screen, and he would have laughed if he didn’t feel so much like crying.
A quick shower later and he was dumping his ruined panties and jeans in the washer.  He’d take a quick nap and get his laundry after.  He fell into a deep, relaxed sleep as soon as his head hit the pillow.
Dean blushed through his already fever-brightened skin.
“I see,” Cindy said kindly.  “He isn’t into having sex with you, so you need to relieve the pressure?”
“I think I’m going to see a pic of your friend…” Cindy’s eyebrows were nearly to her hairline.
“Me too,” he said gently, kissing Dean’s face reverently.  He sighed, pressing their foreheads together.  “To be honest, I’ve been wanting to bang you since the first time I saw you, but this...I didn’t expect to feel this way about you, I thought it was just a crush.  I mean, we only just started hanging around each other!  You just figured out you’re gay!  It shouldn’t work.  But I want it to, very badly.”  He looked up at Dean with hopeful eyes.
Cas nodded, the corner of his mouth curling up slightly.  “Well then, sweet dreams.”
“Sounds fun,” Cas sighed.  “I’ll be there in 15.”
Dean smiled dopily up at him as Cas placed a towel under his hips.  Might as well be prepared, he thought.
Suddenly, Dean licked Cas’s cock head.  He gasped as he pulled the plug out, feeling himself hardening further.  He knelt there, frozen, as Dean began to experimentally flicker his tongue out and lap at Cas’s cock.  It was the most incredible thing Cas had ever felt.
She left, glancing back at Cas, giving a little flirty wave.  Cas was already staring at Dean.
Cas pulled his cock from Dean’s mouth.  “Are you ready?”
Cas smiled at Dean over the roof of the Impala and got in.  He buckled up and poked around in his backpack until his fingers touched the corner of a plastic box.  He pulled out the mixtape Dean gave him for Christmas and popped it in the player.  Dean grinned over at him, making his stomach flutter.  The strains of
?  Yeah, that’s it.  Fuck, JT is hot, even when he’s being a whiny bitch.”
SO somehow, when AO3 was telling me that it couldn't post due to error, it was actually posting my fic three times... :/ I deleted one, but the other two had already a few subscribers and bookmarks, so I feel like a dick about the whole thing and will update both, and I promise I'm not a narcissist posting my fic a bunch of times or anything like that XD
It was after 2am when Crowley picked them up, Benny and Charlie singing drunken country songs in the back, Dean and Cas in the middle seats, and some drunk good-looking older red headed woman smoking a joint with Crowley in the front seat. Dean swore he heard Crowley call her ‘mother’ at some point, but he was still pretty buzzed.  They’d danced off most of the alcohol, and rolled into the frat house around three, around the same time a couple of the other dudes were getting back- those who weren’t still on vacation.
Cas smiled and slid out of bed, tucking Dean in tighter.  He dressed quickly and wandered out of Dean’s room.
Cas obliged and pushed his index finger in alongside his middle one.  Dean shoved his face into his pillow and pushed it in deeper, pulling back then pushing again, fucking himself back on Cas’s fingers as he held them still and watched in amazement.
the idiot?”  Cas shook his head in disbelief.  “You could have told me-”
“No!” Dean was moving back over to him.  “You’ll just get your hand stuck.”  he looked away, seeming to ponder something.  “I could always...help out.”
Dean stumbled on the stairs and looked back.  Cas had half a smile on his face and a twinkle in his eye.
“Well, I can’t get married now!” Cas shouted back, not knowing why being loud was helping but it did feel good to react to something instead of just submitting to what Hannah wanted.
Cas sighed and propped his head on his hand, looking down at Dean, amused smile playing at the corner of his lips.  “Humans are so funny about their sexuality.  So repressed in this country, so free in others.  It is a natural bodily need, Dean, we all have it, and we all need to take care of it.”
at him, and the guy backed away.  Then Cas brought Dean the coffee and didn’t make any for himself, and still left the room. It was so weird.
Dean wondered how good that would be.  To be so in love that you felt like you would die from it.
When Cas came to, Dean was wiping him down with a wet warm washcloth.  Humming and touching him so carefully, carefully wiping the come from Cas’s wings.
He filled Sam in about Nick leaving, and made a beeline to Dean’s room.  He got stopped by a few other hunters on his way, answering some questions, anxious to be on his way.
“Did your, um,
“Yeah.  I fell for you. Kerplunk.  Can’t un-fall.  I’m sorry.”  Cas kinda hoped Dean wanted to still have sex even though Cas was being all emotion-y.
Dean was so entranced that he almost answered.  Almost.  Instead, he ran out of there as fast as he could with a raging hard on.
“Sam.  I do not want to talk about this now, or ever, really, so just drop it, okay?”
“Yes, I made a mistake and now I cannot remove my penis from its current position.”
Cas blushed and looked away.  “I don’t.  I was just curious.  Sometimes a casual encounter can become something more.”
“I do too,” Dean muttered into his ear over the loud strains of Lady Marmalade, I don’t do feelings real well either, so I open my big stupid mouth.  I’m sorry.”
“Of course not!”  Dean felt shame, but still had his hand down his pajama bottoms.  If he moved it, he’d look guilty.  His traitorous cock twitched under his grasp.
felt like), but it was what he had to work with.
“Do it!” Dean yelled, wiggling his hips.  Dean rested on his elbows and looked over his shoulder at Cas, smiling as Cas faced away from the camera to spit onto his cock and spread it quickly.  Dean trusted Ca’s judgement.
“Uh, I could say the same thing, dude,” Dean retorted.
“My fair maiden,” she said, winking over at Dean who was silently standing, looking stiff.
“Chill, man, it’s cool, I’m sure you can get it dry cleaned.”  Dean said nonchalantly, looking around for his shirt and shrugging into it.
Though Dean just wanted to do it slowly, lovingly, and bring him to the edge by penetrating him the way he did for Dean nearly every day.
He cleaned quickly and joined Dean again.
Dean:  Oh, okay.  Can you tell him I tried to text him?
Dean was glad they’d already came once, because he would have come embarrassingly fast  He was making all sorts of noises, Cas’s skin slapping into his filling the room.
Cas turned to face the wall.  “Get dressed.  I honestly don’t mind you masturbating in my room, Dean, on occasion I have used your room for such activities when you were away.”
Dean moaned and sped his hand up, cupping his own balls with his free hand.  It was hot, thinking of all the things that Cas could do to him, all of the naughtiest, dirtiest, sexiest things- but somehow, it was the image of Cas dragging his nuts gently across Dean’s face that had him arching off the bed and coming hard onto his stomach.
Dean’s cock hardened impossibly more as they exited the station and headed to the Impala.  He was grateful for his black wool pea coat- its length kept anyone from seeing his cock twitch in excitement, but the wool was burning him up.  He pulled it off and threw it in the backseat, gingerly sitting down in the driver’s seat.  The vibrations stopped.  Dean slumped in his seat, the pressure on his prostate still there, but the overwhelming pleasure ceasing for a moment.
“I found it,” Dean sighed, pulling his legs up into straddling Cas, feeling the heat of his now hard cock through the blanket.
“Except that I might have been, um, thinking about men for some time now.”  Cas flushed, feeling shame creep up behind his eyes.  He’d always been attracted to men, but thought it must be wrong because Naomi said it was.  He’d always thought about guys when he masturbated, always snuck peeks at gay porn on his phone.  Nobody knew but him, so it was safe.  He’d not had sex with Hannah yet, so technically he was still a virgin.
“I think it’s safe to say I’ll be cancelling the wedding.  Hannah’s family won’t be happy, but I don’t want...I don’t want to marry her.”  He looked over at Dean.  “It was bound to end one way or another.”
Dean glanced worriedly around the room, making sure he hadn’t forgotten anything.  He yelped when he felt Cas’s hand slip down the back of his jeans.
“Of course, Dean.  I couldn’t deny such a request.  So how was the rest of your vacation?  Hows…” Cas looked thoughtful.  “Aaron?”
Maybe it was a sign that they weren’t meant to be.  Maybe he should just chill out, maybe go with Benny and Charlie to the club and just meet people.  He might not be ready to find the love of his life.  He’d just figured out his sexuality, for fuck’s sake.
“Is it true?” Dean asked after a pause.
Dean came again, between them, the mess sliming their bellies, and Cas paused to mop them up.  He was raging hard, but he kept his head.
“A sales associate?” Dean echoed.
Dean dumbly followed Cas to the kitchen, his legs a little bowed more than usual.  Cas had his jacket off and was washing his hands at the sink.  Dean washed his as well and started pulling things from the fridge.
Cas felt a rush of pleasure watching Dean present himself like that, and he had to take a deep breath again before pulling the lube from his coat and setting that on the mattress next to the large plug.  He took out the other box and sat it down too.
Cas was dressed down for the occasion.  He’d only brought one suit, packed along with the suit he’d bought and had taylored for Dean.  Of course, Dean had complained that it was too expensive, but Cas tutted him and reminded him it was really for Cas’s benefit- Dean’s ass looked amazing in the trousers.  Dean had blushed then smirked and agreed.
Dean:  Yeah, listen, I have to go, my mom is yelling for me.
Dean quit rambling and glanced up at Cas, truly looking abashed.  Cas’s heart fluttered.  The man was just so damn
“Not what I hear,”  Dean grumbled.  He realized his mistake after he said it.
His body was still flushed, his cheeks pink, his lips swollen from biting kisses.  He was fresh out of his first encounter with a man- a man who deserved so much more than was done to him, an angel- and he saw no shame whatsoever.  He searched his eyes, looking for regret and finding none.  He shook his head and smiled.  It had actually been months since he could even face himself in the mirror like that.  He looked happy, he felt amazing, he felt like he had come home.
Cas bit his lip and scrambled out of Dean’s bed.  He grabbed the offered water, looking at Dean’s pebbled nipples and growling.
Dean jumped on the bed and sprawled over Cas, squishing him and squeezing him tightly.  Cas chuckled and rolled to his back, running his hands down the length of Dean’s body until he reached the waistband of the panties.  Cas’s hands froze, then traced along the edge of the satin, running his fingers down the back, along Dean’s crevice, spreading the fabric.
Dean was watching his face, his mouth open, his breath coming out in pants.  His pupils were so big they nearly washed out the green, and he sped up his hand when they met eyes.
Dean sighed.  “Cas, I want you so bad I can’t stand it.  I think I’ve been thinking about it so long, it’s all built up in my head and I don’t know what to do first.”  Confession in the darkness was nice.  “I kind of want to suck your dick.  I’ve never done that before, so it might be terrible, but hell, I gotta start somewhere.”
Cas cupped his hands around Dean’s face and hummed, the understood reply lost in the tide of another soft kiss.
“Oh, and, Cas?  Leave the eyeliner on.”  Dean loved the way Cas shuddered and grabbed the doorframe, as if the request made his knees weak.
It was nice to not be judged, but hell, he just wanted for Cas to feel something, anything.  Wanted him to join in, do something!  He wasn’t sure that Cas felt like that about anyone.  He obviously masturbated, and had sex with at least one person as far as Dean knew, but where hunters and angels seemed to be pairing off, Cas was just...by himself.  So maybe that meant he didn’t find Dean attractive.  Surely any red blooded man would have seized the opportunity that finding someone masturbating on their bed presented.  But Cas had simply suggested burgers for supper.
Cas lowered himself into a chair and watched the images on the screen.  “I hadn’t realized they had evolved to change form.  It makes sense, since they disappeared during the Dark Ages.  We had assumed they feasted on too many virgins with the Black Plague.”
His stomach swooped, making him flinch.  Maybe Cas was okay, maybe he had this job and made enough money to get a place, and was doing alright.
Dean quietly pulled the bag off the chair.
Cas blinked and looked around, nodding.  “Alright.”  He saw his bag on the floor and opened it up, pulling a smaller toiletry bag from it and stumbled off to the bathroom.
“Yeah, Cas?”
Dean:  Who is the mystery man?
“Oh my god,” Dean called out wildly.  Cas pressed in a finger with his tongue, working it in and out, using spit as lube, working it in deeper.  Dean could feel he was close to his prostate.  His cock was drooling a non-stop string of precome on his belly.  Cas pressed two fingers in, Dean groaning at the burn of the stretch, but rocking into Cas’s hand anyway.  Cas twisted his fingers, and licked Dean’s shaft at the same time, pressing his prostate firmly as he swallowed Dean in one go, the ridges of the roof of Cas’s mouth being the triggering factor of Dean’s explosive orgasm.  His hearing went out for a second, and he knew he was being loud, but he didn’t care, the waves of pleasure from Cas’s fingers and mouth was unbelievable.  He’d never come so hard or long before.  It was incredible.  He relaxed and let Cas lower his legs, crawl up him again, and kiss his mouth.  Dean tasted himself in the kiss, and sucked on Cas’s tongue.
“Oh bless his lil’ ole pea pickin’ heart!” Diamond said in her best Southern Belle accent, “sorry baby, I know you have it bad for Ms. Larue, but I can’t do my angel like that- he fell for you first.”
Cas stood up, dripping water everywhere, and staggered over to the door, opening it without bothering to cover himself with a towel.
“You kinky fucker,” Dean told the camera, reaching back to finger himself a little.  Cas pushed his hand away, and started stuffing the panties into Dean’s ass, the rough of the lace and slickness of the soaked silk creating interesting sensations.  ‘Oh, fuck, maybe this guy is onto something.”
Dean hoped he’d die on the floor instead.
********
Cas rolled Dean to his back, determined to see Dean’s face the first time he penetrated the man, and hopefully not unintentionally mating him.
“A sixty-nine?” Dean surmised, “You don’t have-   Oh, fuuuuuck.”  Cas took Dean in hand and sucked him down expertly.  Dean’s nerves were on fire, his cock throbbing in pleasure.  He needed to distract himself or he’d come.  He grabbed Cas’s hips, lowering them so Cas’s cock was touching his lips.  He licked it, fighting the urge to come and pressed Cas’s hips down until his cock slid into Dean’s mouth.
Cas chuckled and pulled away.  “Whatever you say, Dean.”
Except it didn’t feel like slipping into bed with his brother.  It was like he could feel the heat of Cas’s body from a foot away, running the length of his, wondering why he’d chosen to wear a shirt to sleep in.
He got in position on the bed, on all fours, looking through the gap in his knees to see the mirror behind himself.  He popped the cap on the lube and slathered the tip with it and wiped the excess on his already throbbing hole.
“Oh,”  Dean wondered how long Cas had been jerking off to videos of Dean.  His thoughts were cut short when Cas lifted him and slid him down onto his thick hard cock.  Dean cried out.
“You can sleep in the bed, Dean, I won’t molest you.”
He’d never been a very spiritual person, but their connection felt like it was spiritual somehow.  They had the physical thing down, the emotional thing was a work in progress, obviously, and the spiritual connection, something that just felt right, like pieces clicking into place, completing the puzzle.
Cas’s eyes narrowed.  “And how, exactly, would you hear anything about Balthazar?”
“What is it Dean,” Cas asked, not looking away from the tv screen.
Dean sat down on his bed, looking around his room, his face softening when he took in all his belongings.  Cas supposed it was comforting for Dean to finally be home.  The fond way Dean looked at the photos on his side table made Cas twinge with envy, wishing Dean would look at him that way.
“Yeah,” Cas agreed, standing to go to the coffee pot.
It was stupid.  They obviously were crap and communication, they barely knew each other, but Dean knew it was the moment his lips had touched Cas’s that he was lost forever.  Nothing would ever come close to the connection he felt when Cas pulled him back in and worshipped his mouth.  If he closed his eyes, he could almost feel the way his body pressed against that firm, toned chest. The way his eyes cut through to Dean’s very core, the open way he looked at Dean.  Something he didn’t know, couldn’t know, a deep understanding that would haunt Dean forever.  But Cas apparently left a string of broken hearts behind him, and Dean couldn’t let himself get caught up.
The doorknob rattled and twisted.
Cas blinked and lifted his chin, looking a bit confused.  “Thank you.  I’ll.... talk to you soon.  You can reach me on the phone here if you need me.”
“Hey, Cas,” Sam said smoothly.  “Will you get the rock salt rounds from the ammo room?  Dean threw out his back working in the garage.  I’m going to get him set up with painkillers and we can go again.”
“Yeah, uh, don’t come in, I’m...just out of the shower.  Didn’t Sam call you?”
********
“I can throw it away, I’ll get you a new one,” Dean mumbled as he held up the globe.  This was so humiliating.
“...What about you?  How is Cas’s lead panning out?”
“When do I get to make you come?” he asked, touching Cas’s lip with his thumb.  Cas sucked Dean’s thumb a little, and kissed it.
The drive back to the motel was quick, and Dean shot Sam a text from the parking lot, telling him he would leave the file in Sam’s room and they were going to shower and nap before they met for dinner.
“I wish you hadn’t healed your handprint that time,” Dean mumbled, smiling lazily up at Cas.  “I used to look in the mirror for it, but it was gone.  I knew you still left your mark on me, I can always feel it, but I kinda liked the idea that you had claimed me for everyone to see.”
“Sucked that bad, huh?”  Dean shifted so he could look into Cas’s eyes.  They were very close, and he fought the urge to lean in and press their lips together.  He struggled to keep his eyes from straying to Cas’s mouth.
The witch noticed and swung around, flinging her hands out and throwing Dean back against the wall with a crash.  Sam was quick to dart after him, and Cas charged the witch.
Dean smiled.  Too easy.
“Cas...I love you,” Dean mumbled into his mouth.
Cas:  Well spotted, Dean.  Cassie likes you.  You should try again.  I saw what you texted when you were drunk, and I think you might like him as well.  Castiel is my very oldest and dearest friend, and he deserves someone who will love him for who he is.
Dean:  Balthazar?  You still there?
“That’s an excellent way of phrasing it,” Cas nodded, picking up a fleshlight shaped like an anus.  It didn’t look at all like Dean’s perfect little puckered hole, but it might have to do.  He had opened some kind of door, and he was moving into a full rut.  It wasn’t something he’d experienced before, but with the amount of stimulation from helping Dean out with the potion problem, something inside him had awoken, and he was in a constant state of arousal.  Especially around Dean.
Cas sat up straight in bed when he saw Dean in a towel.  “Holy fuck, Dean, get over here.”
“You as well.” He paused, wondering how he could pose the question and get the help he needed without revealing too much about his current dilemma.
Dean moaned when Cas started to speed up, any response lost in the slapping of skin and Cas began to pound into him.
“Sorry, Cas, I wasn’t looking where I was going,” Dean flushed red knowing that Cas knew he had no reason to be headed in that direction except to go to his secret hideaway and get off.
She smirked.  “You mean was he that guy you were eye-fucking last week?”
Sam nodded dumbly and blinked at him, then turned and walked back to the library.
“No, Dean,” Cas felt his pleasure ratchet up as he pictured Dean hog-tied as he pounded into his wet hole.  “I don’t want to....harm you accidentally.”  He had no idea how to explain angel mating to Dean, so he left it at that.
Sam was pinching the bridge of his nose, muttering something about not being able to unsee things.
Dean:  And who are you exactly?
Cas was back in his room cursing to himself.  Dean just came while holding onto him!  It was the sexiest thing that had ever happened to him, even more than a certain handjob involving a room divider, and he was hard as a rock in his slacks and struggling to get out of them without ripping them to shreds.
“Oh,” Dean looked disappointed.  He rolled off Cas’s lap and wriggled onto his belly.  “Fuck, I’m tired,” he yawned.  Cas pulled a sheet over Dean and stroked his hair as the hunter slept for a bit.  He looked so innocent as he slept.
Cas looked back up sharply, and Dean let go of him, and headed to the bathroom quickly.
“Yeah...” Cas sounded breathless.
“Thank
Dean nodded and headed out the door.  Cas glanced over at the hole he’d just vacated.
“You like that?  You like my hole?   You’re the only one, Cas, the only one who has ever been inside me.  You’ve ruined me, Cas, I’ll only ever want your cock, your thick fucking cock pounding into me, making me yours.”
As always, I apologize for the unedited mess this is, but my betas have actual lives and can't devote their whole life to editing my fics.  And I love them anyway :)
“Cas, you’re an idiot,” he croaked, voice worn from shouting.
“Gee, it’s nice to see you too, Cas,” Dean chuckled weakly, swallowing the lump forming in his throat.
“I had suspected the pink liquid in his hair would have been a love potion, but thankfully it isn’t.  Samuel, you are pretty close to the truth about it being Viagra.”
“Because we need soil to live, and the soil needs us, too.”
“Yes, because you could kill a man with too much of you.”
“An almond brother you might say?”
He watches him stride up the small hill, his little worn-in tennis shoes, his small hand clutching the pail that used to hold their food scraps that he had insisted on carrying back. His head is bent up toward the sky where Castiel knows Venus is poking out through the canopy. He was there when she was made, after all.
“Which ones did you choose this time? Trucks or Barbie?” Castiel asks his tired son. Jack sways and plops himself into their old rocking chair, a piece from a hunter-friend of the Winchesters.
“Nothin’ too interesting most days. Horse stuff,” Jack rolls his eyes, like this is mundane to the point of exasperating. “But she did tell me about her affair,” Jack states matter-of-factly. The table is silent, a few peas roll off Castiel's fork half-way to his mouth. “With Neptune. And Marshmallow. And how she wishes Ms. Rosenberg would ‘go vegan’.” He adds, his little fingers forming air quotes.
“Poisoning by cyanide nut, huh? What am I, a Bond girl?”
“No.” Jack answers, his head cocking to the side in question. Dean plops a scoop of his concoction onto each of their plates as he answers. It steams next to the peas and Castiel knows it's going to be delicious and filling despite how it looks.
Castiel smiles as Jack picks up a fat worm from the rich earth in his hand, watches Jack watch the worm crawl around his palm. The evening sun is setting behind the boy, those last few rays clinging to the blonde hairs on his fair head, the cool breeze making it scatter. Castiel dumps his handful of earth back into the pile and rolls the sleeves of his scratchy wool button-up down his arms.
“No - here. Put your finger here.” Dean instructs Castiel, pulling him out of his distraction. “Cas, you’re killin’ me sweetheart. Let me just -” He moves Castiel’s finger to the next fret up on the neck of the guitar; Dean is trying to salvage what he learned as a teenager as well as teach Cas the basics. They’re sitting on their porch swing trying to pluck along to a mellow tune playing on the radio. Dean’s bare arm is warm against his long-sleeves.
“Jack speaks to Marigold down at the Rosenbergs, don’t you Jack?” Jack nods quickly at Cas, speaking with his mouth half full.
“I wish I had four stomachs.” Jack adds morosely, swallowing down his food with fervor. His five year old body is growing so quick he can hardly get enough some days. Dean says it's normal, that Sam had eaten so much lasagna at an all-you-can-eat buffet in Toledo one time that he threw up all over Dean’s shoes in the parking lot.
Castiel was able to convince him that,
“Oh!”
“Maybe so, the worms can’t exactly speak for themselves.”
Dean tunes their radio to some bluegrass station, the heady strumming and vibrant voice of Bonnie Raitt spills from their porch. Jack rocks tiredly in their rocking chair; it's getting late and his eyes are drooping. His feet don’t even touch the ground. He feels a strong hand brush his shoulder and turns around to see Dean staring down at him, his hand out in invitation.
Castiel remembers how Jack had cried and cried at night when they lived in the bunker, how he would only stop when someone would take him up to the roof of the power plant. He wonders if all that power that Jack gave up is still familiar with him. Maybe he does have conversations with the cow down the street, maybe the stars do sing him to sleep at night.
“So if someone went all Hungry-Hippos for that specific nut they could die from an overdose?”
“I wouldn’t go ‘round eating it though, Jack.” Castiel adds hurriedly for good measure. He’s proud of the natural inflection he made when he said ‘around’, the warmth of belonging filling him.
and more
He plants another on his eyebrow, on his stubbly cheek, and finally to the palm of his hand. He holds Castiel’s hand to his lips, then tangles their fingers together. Tangles their everything together. Creation, creation. If Cas still had his grace, he would be able to hear the plants growing beside them, the stars singing and twinkling, but this is better. This is better, he knows.
Rick followed Emma to Hershel, Rick then listened to Emma as she explained. Rick then shakes his head and steps up. "Hershel, those things are not sick people. They are dead, we went to the CDC before we came here. There is no cure, there is nothing coming to help us. There is no government, no hospital, no nothing. We talked to the last man alive in the CDC and then it self imploded." Rick then took a step forward. “Hershel, I’m not saying this cause I want to. This is happening."
“Was it 150 a head?” He asks and Glenn shakes his head..
A few hours after dinner was Brought to them is when Daryl had shown up again slowly slipping into the dark room. He sat his bow down by the bed and then sat close to Tara taking one of her hands in his. He then looks over to Emma giving her a grateful smile before his eyes dart away. "Sorry I was gone for so long. I didn’t mean to keep you inside all day with her. But thank you for doing it," he said softly.” I set up our tent. You can’t miss it. It’s by mine and Tara’s bike. I have checked everything out. You are welcome to sleep there. Only if you want too.” He said, giving a shrug.
"More humane?" Dale bursted out. "It would be more humane to give the kid a damn chance. You are accusing him of committing a crime he may never commit." He shook his head. "I can't believe you people. Are you gonna watch too? No, you're just going to hide with your head in the sand. Cowering in your tents, trying to pretend that we're not murdering a human being." Tears were brimming in the old man's eyes. Emma felt sorry for him. Fighting this battle on his own with no support from anyone. Not even Andrea, who he cared for as if she were his own daughter. Lori then spoke. "I don't like the idea of killing him, but I wouldn't feel safe with him walking around with us." She touched her stomach protectively. "Not around this baby and certainly not around Carl or Sophia." Dale shook his head again. "Do what you will, but I will have no part of it." With that, he began walking towards the front door, stopping briefly by Tara and Daryl and muttering, "this group is broken." If the situation weren't so serious, Emma would have laughed since Daryl had expressed the same sentiment earlier.
"Anytime. Thank you for saving me." Even though Tara had saved her, Rick had also been brave enough to let her into his group. If the monsters hadn't gotten to her, she probably would have gone crazy, out there on her own.
Rick closes his eyes when Emma says she couldn’t, removing his python and moving to point it at Dale as well. His hand gripping the handle trying to get himself to pull the trigger, if anything to help Dale from being in pain, he stood there for a few minutes, then a hand softly moved over his grip of the gun taking it gently from Rick, his eyes shoot up not even knowing how long Daryl had been so close to him. Daryl’s eyes softened as he looked into Rick's eyes nodding lightly, Rick moved away slowly, eyes never leaving Daryl’s until he started to kneel down, Daryl’s face a mask of cool composure. And lifts the gun to put the barrel right to Dale’s forehead. Daryl’s eyes soon found Dale’s pain filled gaze, and he took a deep breath. “Sorry brother.” As soon as it was said he squeezed the trigger of the python, sterling his wrist for the kick back, his eyes never leaving throughout his actions. Daryl stands without a word and looks down at Emma putting a hand on her shoulder. “It’s ok, he ain’t suffering no more.”
Emma witnesses the Dixon's dark side.
Emma glanced over as she heard Tara make the threat. She smiled warmly at her in appreciation and kept walking towards the barn. She walked inside finally and stood close to Rick.
She laid down on the bed and closed her eyes. She knew she wouldn't sleep, she didn't need to. "Sorry I couldn't come find you sooner," she said. "I would have, but I couldn't leave Sophia out there."
"They're not monsters," he said, his voice slightly sounding like he had taken offense. "They're living beings and they're sick. They're the people we know and love and it's our job to help them."
They followed Rick and Daryl until they saw the prison below. She surveyed the scene below her. There were a good bit of walkers down there, but nothing they couldn't take care of if they were smart about it.
She moved to the back of her bike and grabbed her crossbow. It was a Striker, the same as her older brother, only hers had Indian beads and two pure white feathers hanging on the hilt. Her steps were graceful as she stood next to Daryl, her eyes scanning the highway graveyard. She then looked back up to her brother, he only stood a few inches taller than her, but they looked very much alike. Her body was more feminine in all the right places, and her black dirty hair layered to her shoulders. Her chest, larger and her hips a little more thick, but it made her none the less dangerous. She then looked behind her as she started watching the group come out of whatever car they were in to see what the hold up was. Tara moved slowly and hip checked her brother asking the question without words. 'don’t think we can get through?' he looked to her for a second and then back over the highway graveyard and shook his head. She then turned her head to the others. The traditional Dixon no emotion look that they gave to the group of stupid humans, everytime one of them spoke.
There's a bit of a time skip while the group searches for a new place to live.
“Alright, let's go tell officer friendly what’s up. And then I’m done for the day...” he then starts walking back slowly with the girls stopping only a few seconds in.” Hey Em, you have a smoke on you? “ Tara stops beside both of them and raises her brow in question as well, her and her brother must have some freaky twin mind link.. cause she was just about to say it out loud. -
"It's okay, sweetie," Emma said gently walking towards her. "I know you do." Emma looked around to make sure they were in no immediate danger before she spoke again. "I'm Emma," she said, keeping her voice low. "Where is Tara?" She asked, walking closer to the girl and kneeling down with her machete still clutched in one hand and remaining on guard, while still attempting to comfort the girl. She had a feeling that Tara wouldn't have left the child unless it was absolutely necessary. She held out her hand to the girl. She didn't hear anything in the woods right now and she didn't want to leave Tara on her own if she was in trouble, but the girl would never find her way back on her own. "Come on," she said. "I'll take you back to your momma." If anything, she would come back to this spot and continue looking for Tara from here.
Rick had come down in the middle of the song, not making a noise, kneeling next to where Daryl laid, throwing some brush into the fire as they sang. It was a very beautiful moment of peace. As the night went on two hours in and Tara got up to go on watch, even if they didn’t have too, it was hard not too. Once the sun started peeking into the sky. Tara was the only one up at this time as she made her way back to camp, and when she walked upon the camp her lips just moved into the biggest smirk. She stood there for a few minutes watching her brother and Rick. Daryl’s back to Rick's chest while Rick's hand lay limp on Daryl's waist. Tara then shook her head and moved over to her brother and kneeled down shaking him softly.
As the group goes to explore the rest of the prison, all hell breaks loose.
After Rick left her, Emma made her way to the campsite where Tara and Daryl were sitting and eating. "Hey," she said sitting down on the ground by the fire. "Rick wants us to meet with him and the others at the farmhouse at sunset," she informed them. She looked at her hands for a moment. "One day you guys are gonna have to fill me in on your previous torture experience and the why. Not really something on most people's resumes." She didn't say it in a judgemental way at all. "Sorry, probably a bit of a rude question. Just curious. It's just a little obvious that it's not the first time."
“Yeah, sorry to ask, I was going to come get you but .. uh, I thought it would best not to go looking.” He gave a small chuckle as he looked over to Emma again. “I was hoping we can go talk to Hershal. I would rather you be there than Shane. Not like he hasn’t tried but only if you're okay with it?”
Emma stood up and hugged him. "Its something none of us should have had to do. I'm sorry for not having the balls to do it myself." She then pulled away and frowned at him. "Do you know what Tara had to go check on?" She asked. She had been gone since before they left the barn. They had all heard Dale's screams and came running. By all logic, Tara should have heard them too and she knew, even though the Dixon's had a hard exterior, she knew they wouldn't stay gone if they thought someone from the group was in trouble...except maybe Shane...or Angela. She looked down at Dale and sighed softly. Tears were echoing through the group. "Someone needs to go get the truck," she said. "And some blankets. Take him back to the house for now or something until tomorrow and then we can bury him. We cant leave him out here like this though." Shane stepped forward. He looked sad like everyone else here was, but he also looked almost like he was ashamed or something. "I'll go get the truck," he said in a shaky voice, before going back towards the camp. Lori stood up. Sometime in all of the commotion, Carl had come out and was crying in her lap. "Wait, Shane. I'll come with you. I need to get Carl back to the house. I'll grab the blankets while I'm inside and run them out to you." Shane nodded as Lori got up. She picked up the boy and carried him, just like a mother should. Emma walked over to Rick. "Maybe you should go with them," she said quietly. "Be with your son. We'll figure out the rest tomorrow morning."
"What do you mean Emma?"
“Anyone else?” Rick asked looking around. Tara and Daryl both stay quiet. They knew what was going to happen, they were trying to fit some of the old world back into this hellish new world and it was failing.T then looks over to ask.
The Dixon's get more information out of the new comer.
That was all it took the soft brush of Emma’s arm against hers and her soft spoken words had her body relaxing back into blissful nothing. Andrea’s eyes cut over to this new girl with a frown and gave a mocking laugh.
"That probably wouldn't be the worst idea," Emma replied. "The sooner the better, probably. Realistically, he probably won't let us stay forever. Maybe a few weeks, but he was very hesitant." Emma sighed. "Maybe once he gets to know all of us...and if all of us can respect his rules, we may be able to talk him into a little longer. I just hope he doesn't run into Shane or Andrea too often."
Lori stepped in helping Shane up. "No you weren't. You two were trying to go on a whim and try to bribe Hershal. Thanks to Shane, we don't have as big of a problem."
Emma watched the guy who was bound and frowned slightly. Although she couldn't see his face, by his body type she could see that he was pretty young. Probably a teenager or very early twenties. He was a kid. She shook her head. She could tell a tough decision would have to be made soon.
Emma watched as most of the other members of the group arrived. There were still a few people missing, but she was glad that almost everyone was back together. She hoped the missing ones were okay. She smiled when Daryl rode up and Tara went to hug her brother. The twins reunited at last.
Emma looked over at Tara.
"I'm tired of fighting for you, man. I want my life back." Shane said. There was no point in lying about it at this point. Shane pulled his gun out, pointing it at Rick. "All I gotta tell them is how we found the prisoner and he shot you down and I got to him and snapped his neck." He stared Rick down. "Lori's already over you man and Carl's young. He'll be fine. I'll be a better father than you to him and the baby anyway, man. You barely pay any attention to the kid."
"Rick wants to talk to the three of us about something, so don't kill him if you see him walking up." She smiled. "I'm not sure what it's about, but we did talk Hershal into letting us stay...at least for a few days."
She could feel her body slowly coming back online. God... what the hell had happened to her. She then moved her fingers then her toes. She felt the sharp pull on her left foot. Not broken, maybe badly sprained so that was good. Her chest hurt though, she took in a large breath. Her eyes then started to open, her hearing and vision came back online slowly. She then blinked a few times. Emma was there beside her, Daryl looking down at her from her other side. She then gave them both confused looks. She felt like she just got done sparring with Merle who won, and had beat her ass. But she seemed okay. Her eyes then widen and she starts to panic. She tries getting up gasping slightly as she moves her body the wrong way, sending pain through her chest. The girl!! Sophia.. how could she forget! She tried breathing through the pain. She could feel Daryl’s hand on the back of her neck while his other went to the side of her face trying to calm her. “t.. the girl...” she then looks up at Emma, her eyes wide with fear. She had to be alive.
"Thank you," she said in response to Carol. Not only for offering to bring food, but also for getting Andrea out of the room.
Emma's eyes fluttered open. It wasn't quite dark yet and the sun was just barely going down. Swirls of pink, orange, and blue filled the sky. She raised up from the ground. "Hey, Daryl," she said to the sleeping man. "It's time to go." She touched his arm gently, in case just speaking didn't work for waking him up.
Then with the cluster fuck at the CDC, they lost a few more people. She really never stayed in camp long enough to get anyone’s name or even cared too. Her and Daryl were not group people. And both had shielded themselves away from the others. They still hunted and did what needed to be done (obviously since the city folks didn’t know how to get a meal without going to the supermarket).
"I guess so," she said simply, not bothering to make eye contact with him.
"Shut your whore mouth," Emma replied. Her hands were shaking. "We'll be lucky if Hershal doesn't kick us off his property now," she said through gritted teeth.
Emma sighed at the stress of what had happened and the further stress of now having to go confront Hershel once more to beg him to let them stay at least for a little while longer. It would be no easy feat now. It was hard enough last time they begged him.
“H...hello!!! Miss Dixon???” She tried to say softly, seeing the new girl of the group instead. Tears slowly rolling down her cheeks. “ I want my momma.”
They walk on passed the corridor and turn. Rick, Daryl ,and Emma upfront, with Hershel and T staying back a little, until the whispers of “daddy” could be heard. Hershel turns back quickly calling for Maggie and then everything goes to hell. Hershel screams out in pain and Rick turns fast running back and firing off his weapon to kill the walker that had bitten into the older mans leg. The panic increases ten fold as the shots ring out, causing the passing walkers to come back. Maggie, Glenn, and Tara come out as Rick is picking up Hershel. Glenn is quick to help as they start dragging him off.
"Who's this?" The man in the  grey shirt asked, his hand resting just above his gun. The man in the sheriff's uniform slightly smiled and shook his head. These two were friends it seemed.
Daryl snaps quickly.
By the time Emma and Hershel had come back out the twins was packed and heading out of the cell block, Daryl in front. T soon follow along with Glenn. Rick moves over and hands Carl the keys and taps his hat.
"Hey," she said as she approached. "Penny for your thoughts?" She looked at him. "You should come sit with us. Get some rest. We're safe here."
Emma jumped as the arrow went through the skull of the monster who had just been trying to eat her. She breathed a sigh of relief as she kicked it off of her. She got back on her feet, pulling the arrow out of the monster's face, wiping it off on its own clothing and went to grab her machete. She put her beloved's weapon back in its home and followed the girl who had saved her.
Tara nodded as Emma told her of the rest of the group. “ Daryl said he was going after Andrea. But you are right, I’m surprised -“ Tara stops talking as she hears a truck slowing down and she looks over having her bow so it could be use within a moments notice. But then as it got closer she could see Rick and Carl and Tara let out a soft sigh. Once Rick stopped and got out Carl jumping out as well as he speed walks over to Emma wrapping her in a tight hug.” You guys made it!! “ he then lets go slowly and puts his hand on her shoulder and moves to grasp Tara’s hand tightly, and Tara gripped ricks hand tight as he then brought her into a light hug and then letting go, his actions speaking louder then words. Carl then runs over and hugs Emma from the side And hugging as tight as a child could. His hat falling to the ground. Rick then steps back looking them over to make sure they was not hurt.” You guys ok?? What about the others?!”
There was a bookshelf in the bedroom luckily, so Emma took to reading while Daryl and Tara slept. Through the night, she would get up and check on Tara and then take her place again in the chair, reading Shakespeare. She had made her way through most of the plays when morning came. It must have been around 6am when she noticed Tara's eyes had fluttered open. "Daryl," Emma whispered, gently shaking his arm. "She's awake." She went around the other side of the bed and looked Tara over. "How do you feel?" She asked. It seemed like a dumb question, but hopefully the answer would be better than how one would feel after being hit by a truck. If she needed anything for pain though, she could go get Hershel.
Emma overheard the conversation between Daryl and the woman he called Carol. She took off at a run without saying anything, going in the direction where Tara had taken off, finally slowing down as she noticed Tara's foot prints. She looked at the ground for indentions and continued following her footsteps, her machete now in her hands. She crept slowly to the woods, paying attention to where she was going, but also looking at the ground. The footsteps were pretty fresh. She had to be getting close.
Emma sat quietly while the group listened to the plan. It wasn't long before the group was preparing themselves. Stealth weapons definitely made the most sense. A few months ago, Emma had found a pair of sai's and those are what she used most of the time now. She flipped them fluidly in her hands, enjoying the feeling of them cutting through the  air. She then put her gun in her holster. After she was sure she had everything she needed to bring with her, Emma headed towards the gate.
“Stay hidden, and don’t move till I or Daryl give one high whistle. Then come-” she didn’t get to finish her words cut off as a child’s scream pierced the air. Her eyes widened and then she moved to grab her bow and then out from under the truck. Her eyes taking in what was happening as a little girl took off into the woods, walkers right behind her. Then Rick was gone. Damn it, they didn’t know the woods like the twins did. And she didn’t see her brother so something must have happened to T-Dog to not be able to move. She didn’t think and then took off at her fastest speed, jumping the rails and sliding down into the bank and then put on a burst of speed before she was claimed by the woods as well. The other members of the group soon got up. Daryl helped a bloody T-Dog to stand looking around to see what the hell just happened.
Tara nods to Emma in understanding, they had to do some bad shit as well so they know.” So Rick wants us to vote to kill the guy or set him free. ? “ Daryl lays back and huffs. “ please .. this group is so broken it won’t do any good. All that’s it’s going to do is prolonged the unavoidable.”  Tara then stretched her arms over her head as she stood, finally done eating. She then moves over and hits her brother on the shoulder..” get some rest. One of us will wake you up when it’s time. “ She then looked at Emma. “ I have a few things I have to look in on and a few things to do before dark. I’ll be back here before sun down... be careful Emma, and don’t you do anything stupid!!” She told Daryl glaring at him... he only waved her off as she left the dixson camp.
Tara watches her as she speaks, seeing nothing but honesty and a smile crossed her lips as she then nods . She looks back seeing Maggie. Glenn finally gets to Maggie, still a little panicked. “Maggie!! Your dad, is he around! Daryl’s shot! Please.” He whispers hoping he would help, knowing that they were on rocky terms with the Greens because of Shane. Rick hauls Daryl up a little more to try and keep the unconscious man up, T also trying to keep him up. Rick looks up to Maggie. “Please, “ Rick asked her, almost desperate. Tara looks back to Emma as they get closer to them. “I’m going to run to our camp and grab a shirt. Stay with them till I get back?”
Emma dropped the duffle bag as she was grabbed and pushed under the car. Her machete had fallen off as she went under. She grabbed the weapon by sliding her hand beneath the car quickly and brought it back, clutching it against her person. She let out a slow breath before the monsters edged closer to them. She then held in her breath, mostly out of nervousness. In the woods, she hadn't ever seen quite this big of a herd come through. A few stragglers here and there, but nothing quite this large. This was the whole reason she generally stayed in the woods. She quietly moved onto her stomach, like Tara, holding her weapon close to her. Under the other cars, she saw other members of the group. A couple of kids were hidden beneath the car, a couple women, the men she had already met and a few she hadn't. God, she hoped no one got caught. This would be a feast for the mass of monsters coming for them.
"Do you wanna get cleaned up first before going out? You took quite the tumble out there it seems. I think most of the forest came back with you," she smiled. They were all a mess, but with the scrape Tara got in she definitely had more dirt on her. No sooner than she had said it, the old man Hershel came into the room.
Rick listened to Emma and nodded. She had good points, very good points. He was conflicted as well. He knew this was the new world and everything ran different now. He then sighs and looks over to Emma as she asks her question about him and Lori. He then shook his head with a small smile.
“I ain’t wearing this shit,” Tara said, her voice deep with disgust. T then picks up a glove and the same thing happens.
When Emma and Rick finally made it to the others, she skidded to a stop. Her suspicions were confirmed. It was Daryl. She knelt down beside him. "Is he okay?" She asked Tara.
"Hey, Em can I talk to you and Hershel before you go." Emma looked at Rick.
The other group found themselves able to hide, finding out they had lost some people as they all hunched together. Hershel tells them that they had to go back and Daryl nodded.
As the shooting began, Emma saw Carol shoot and it just barely missed Rick's foot. She heard her say sorry and then she shrugged. "Remember, Carol. Take your time," Emma reminded her as they continued to shoot. After they had taken out the rest of the walkers, the other members of the group began entering through the gate. Everyone was smiling true smiles for the first time in weeks. Emma grinned as she stepped into the yard, a comforting feeling finally washing over her. It was at least a somewhat safe space for Lori to have the baby and Emma was sure that the inside of the prison would have an infirmary with probably more medicine than they had seen since the farm. Emma did worry though about the inside of the prison. Hopefully most of the inmates were the ones they just took out in the yard. She frowned slightly at the prospect, but did not want to be the negative Nancy in the group, so she smiled with the others.
She smiled at Hershel warmly. "I hate to ask, but I was wondering..." she looked to Rick. "We were wondering if we could stay here for a couple of days."
Tara gives a short laugh and Daryl just smiles. She then moves around and grabs Emma’s plate and hands it to her. “nah, don’t be sorry. Just ask and we will tell ya if it’s too much... as for that, let’s just say that’s what we had to be to survive before the world went officially to hell.” Daryl nods softly. And spoke up.” We never enjoyed it, but it was necessary if we were going to live. “ Tara nodded sadly at that and took a little more food before she spoke. “And sometimes that pasts flares up with a trigger, and well that guy in there wasn't even close to what we can truly do. “ Daryl scoffs softly. “Not like he didn’t deserve it.”
"Whatever," Shane replied. "Welcome to the group I guess," he said before walking away.
“Your boys shot at my boys !!! Tried to take this farm!! You just telling me you just were along for the ride!!” He yelled and now the guy yelled back.
Lori looked down at the ground once again, almost more ashamed. This almost would have been easier, had he been angry. "I don't know," she said, tears welling up in her eyes. "I thought about getting rid of it. I took the pill and everything, but I couldn't do it. I didnt want to hurt either one of you. I thought it would be easier. That and look at this world we live in now. What chance does this baby have with us being on the run all the time?" She paused for a moment taking in a quick breath as the tears streamed down her face. "I haven't told Shane yet. I wanted you to know first." She turned to face another direction, wiping the tears from her face quickly. "For what it's worth, I am sorry. I never meant to hurt you. Never meant to fall in love with him. I hope you know that. Even before all this shit started and all hell broke loose, some part of me knew I think that we wouldn't last, but then you got hurt and I thought you were dead once all this started, and Shane really stepped up, you know?" She hadn't really felt this bad about it until she found out that she was pregnant and it was like something awakened inside of her, or maybe it was just hormones. "When I found out you were alive, I was so happy. I thought it was our chance to start over, but the feelings for him didn't go away and I'm so sorry about that." She stopped. She was done. She didn't know how Rick would react to this information overload, but it should have been said a long time ago. "I hope one day you can forgive me and I want you to know that you do deserve happiness. Don't wait until it's too late to tell Daryl how you feel." She began walking back towards the house, not saying another word.
Tara’s eyes soften as Emma spoke, taking in everything she says. Her lips pull into a smile as she speaks of her lost husband. And then she nodded. “If ya man was anything like you, he would have been part of my family like you are, I have no doubt in that” She had never accepted anyone as family well.. Daryl and Merle that went without saying, maybe getting through the shit storm would be less hell if she had another family member at her and her brothers side.
“I know right, we all got very close over the winter. They are not as subtle as they think.” She then follows Emma away from the others, her bow in hand as she listens. She looks back and nods. “Damn, I thought we would have longer but with all the running I’m not surprised.” She then runs a hand through her now short black hair. “I know, and we will find one.. just not sure when but trying to find baby shit is getting harder and harder, not to mention medical supplies,” she said with a sigh, looking back at the group.
"No problem at all," Emma said. She didn't mind going to keep an eye on Tara. "I won't let anything happen to her, I promise." She opened up her bag again and pulled out a pack of ciggs, handing them to Daryl.  "Don't go off too far," she said. "You've given too much of your own blood. You need to rest a bit too."
Daryl looked over to Rick and then back to Emma and nodded to her and then walked off to where their bikes are sitting his cross bow down as Rick turned to Emma and nodded as well. “I’ll go too. More eyes the better. Besides, we are not going anywhere any time soon, Dales RV blew a hose, plus the route to Fort Bennett is closed off. There is no way to get through and we don’t have the gas to go back." He gave a frustrated sigh and clapped Emma on her shoulder with a nod. “Thank you Emma, for bringing Sophia back. I know I can’t thank you enough for saving her.”
"Well..."
Rick didn’t really say anything yet and just listens. Trying to pull everything together so he can make a plan on where to go.
"Alright, let's give them some time, we need to go back to the highway and get the others. I know T-dog was hurt as well. Emma, do you think that they would let us stay here, even if it’s just a little while. This place would be a welcome break. Even if it’s just a few nights' rest?”
"Yeah that's probably a good idea," Emma said in response. "Daryl probably wouldn't have been too happy."
She dug through her bag and found a few bandages, some rubbing alcohol, and some towels. None of it would be much to do Hershel a whole lot of good, but it was a start. She began working on him, but heard the conversation outside of the cell. Lori nodded at her.
“I know, you are good people Emma.” She laid her head back on the chair and closed her eyes. And not only a few seconds later her body just went back into sleep mode. The warmth of the fire and knowing if she dropped off to sleep she wouldn’t have to worry about anything happening with Emma and Daryl around. The group could hardly be heard from the Dixon camp far away from the group but still close enough to keep an eye on.
Daryl and Rick looked at one another and then at Emma and gave her a nod. They didn’t need words anymore. The four of them could speak to each other with looks alone. Soon they got up, once the walkers had passed and started down the way they had come, Hershel calling out for each of his missing children, Tara being included, but it just stays quiet.
“True," Emma replied, standing up next to Tara. "Thank you," she said to Hershel. "I'll come back later to wash the sheets," she promised. Hershel nodded in response. "I don't mind if you stay in the bed a bit longer," he replied.
Emma gave a slight laugh.  "Am I okay? Yeah. Those little girls he talked about aren't though thanks to him and his group." She ran her fingers through her Auburn hair, almost ready to pull it all out. "They're monsters, Rick, but what are we if we do this thing? Who are we, if we decide to end someone's life that's not ours to take. I've never been so conflicted, but at the same time, we'll be getting rid of one less evil in the world." She stopped in her tracks. "This new world sucks, but at the same time now, it's all about survival." She touched Rick's arm. "Of course, you haven't," she said. "At least I hope you never had the occasion to do so." She sighed. "Maybe we should put to a vote with the group. It shouldn't be based off of you and I alone or Daryl or Tara. There's other people here who have a voice. Let him go or let him die. It can't be that easy to end someone's life, right? Easy peasy." She sighed. "Anyway, you shouldn't have to handle this on your own. After Lori spoke to you, I imagine you have other shit to deal with. What's going on? If you don't mind my asking. If you do, you can say it's none of my business and you wont hurt my feelings none."
Emma sighed, wondering if it would be better to go take them out or keep them where they were or to go straight to the source and confront Hershal about it. She looked at Rick, questioning like he could read her mind
Emma followed them outside. They had to go get Rick. As soon as she got outside though, she saw the same thing. "Fuuuuck." She said. She grabbed her bag from inside the house and wrapped it around herself like a backpack. She would have left it behind, but it had all of her ammo and medical supplies and she had a feeling they would need it. "There's too many of them," she said. "If they get to the house, they're gonna rip it apart." She had her gun in hand, ready for all hell to break loose.
It was very nice out Daryl was close to dozing off listening to the fire and the crickets that were close by. He then closed his eyes, and let the darkness of sleep take him and rest his healing body.
It was like watching a mirror image as the both thanked her and lit up there cigarettes, inhaling at the same time and the twin look of calm bliss that overcame over them. Taking in the silence for a little long before everything turn into a shit show. Daryl started walking Tara fell into step beside Emma letting Daryl take the lead, taking a slow walk so they could smoke before they got to the others. once they got to where the camp was he saw Rick nod his way and he gave a nod in return. Daryl stop a few feet away hands gripped on the strap of his bow. He then looked over to Rick.” Guys got a gang, 30 guys.... they roll through here are boys are dead, and the woman.” His eyes fall to the side to look at Emma and Tara his words then turned into a growl as he snapped them out.” They going to wish they were. “Tara looks over to the group and then looks away. Her arms crossed over her chest.
"I don't see them," Lori said.
"He does seem like a nice guy," Emma replied about Rick. "I do agree though. I expected to be hounded with questions for trying to join in the group. I appreciate it, but I don't know. I'd almost be more wary over the living now than the dead. At least with them, you know what to expect. Living people were desperate before. I can only imagine now, when the world seems to have almost come to an end...at least humanity." She smiled. "You have nothing to worry about from me though. I'm happy to help where I can." She pulled out another bottle of Gatorade from her bag and handed it to Tara. "Here, you should probably at least drink something."
After Rick left, Maggie and Emma were almost done with the wound. She hardly even noticed when Tara came into the room and asked if Daryl would be okay. She looked at Tara and smiled. "He's a bit banged up, but he will be fine," she replied.
“I’m just running some stuff.. things through. How tomorrow is going to work. I was thinking of a hand to hand combat circle. But I’m not sure yet, and then there’s the baby, and Daryl, it’s just kind of a lot.” His hand moves up just a little going through the beard that had just started to grow and his shoulders slump a little. “I’ll rest when we can get behind some walls. But you need your rest too Emma, you're the one taking care of these people most of the time. You get some rest, I’m going to stay up a little longer. But would you mind making sure Lori eats something? Then get some rest.. we have a long day ahead of us.”
After they had all come to a halt after a few hours, and Rick described the situation, Emma climbed off the bike. They would be here for a minute. It was too close to getting dark and they definitely didn't want to be making too much noise in the night time.
When Daryl comes back from his hunting trip, he is badly wounded. With Hershel nowhere around, they must rely on Emma and Maggie to take care of him.
Daryl jerks at the soft touch of Emma and then looked over to the woods when she said his sister had taken off.
Emma touched her shoulder and looked at her with a serious expression. "If you need anything, just yell." With that, she walked towards the house.
Emma nodded in partial agreement to Daryl. "The group is broken and it may not make a difference at all, like I told Rick, there are still other people in the group who have a voice. People who don't usually speak up and give their opinions. Taking this assholes life shouldn't be up to just us if we're going to do it. Either way, I guess we will see." She finished her meal shortly after Tara took off and then ran in the tent real quick to grab her duffle bag. She laid the bag on the ground outside and then laid on it. It felt good to lay down outside, listening to the flames crackle. It was peaceful which was nice with the day they had so far.
"That will definitely work," she said in reply to Tara, a large grin spreading on her face.
Tara then gave her a true smile, and nodded.” If it’s you, I don’t mind.” She moves up a little on her bike so Emma will have room. And once she was on she and her brother take the lead of the small rag tag group. They just needed to get somewhere far away from the herd so they can take a breath and think.
"Not in the house," Emma said. "Just outside. We can stay in our tents."
It didn't take her too long to make it back to Daryl and Tara's camp. She sat down next to Daryl.
“Come on out, nice and slow,” Daryl said. As they did their eyes moved to the old man bleeding everywhere.
"You call them monsters?" The man who made her uncomfortable asked with a smirk.
Once she had hidden the little girl, Tara turned around now armed with her knife and bolt gripped tightly in her hand. The first walker fingers grazed her arm and then it dropped to the ground in dead weight, a fresh wound up through the skull. She then turned and ran off as the other three gave chase. She runs fast but not too fast to lose the walkers, not taking the chance that they would go back for the girl. She came up to a tent. It looked like someone had stayed there recently. She moved behind the tent to make sure nothing was there and looked up as the first walker came into view. Her arms go up ready for the first one, but that's where it goes to shit. Dead fingers grip a hold of her left ankle and pull her off of her feet, her only saving grace was moving her arms out to stop a bloody impact. Her panic skyrocketed, and then she kicked the lame walker that only had half of his body in the face and then turned to stab it. She felt the first walker grip her shirt and it rips up the back, aged scars littered her skin along with a few tattoos. She then jumps up and the pain shoots up from her foot. But she doesn’t stop. She takes off once again but her bow was now gone, it must have come off when she hit the ground...fuck!! Daryl was going to kill her, but she pushes it out of her mind and concentrates on one thing. Staying alive. She then stumbled into a hunters spot, her breathing had increased to the point where she was struggling to take in air. Something was wrong, she knew it, but now there was an overweight man wearing camo and some orange. His eyes widen as he aims the rifle at her, finger on the trigger as he yells out something. Tara couldn't really hear, her hearing was gone and black shadows started to cross her vision. No! No! No! If she blacked out now she was never going to see her brother again. He would never know...like with Merle. She could do this, she took as much of a breath as she could.
“We didn’t see her Carol, I... I’m sorry. B... but we think she is with Tara," he said, looking over to Daryl as he grunts and then nodded. His eyes then looking at the ground.
“Something wrong? You took your time getting back officer friendly.” She then moves her eyes over to Rick and his gaze never moves from Daryl’s sleeping form. Tara watches for a few more seconds as Rick opens his mouth to speak, Taras lips pull into a knowing smirk. “Nevermind, I’m too tired for that shit right now, me and Emma are burned out and I can’t sleep unless one of you are around. We are going to go get some rest.. I’m trusting you to look over my brother. For now at least.” She then turns and walks out of the room without saying anything else. Daryl would kill her when he found out, yet all it made her do was just laugh and think how red and embarrassed Daryl was going to be. She stopped right outside the house door and then leaned over the wooden rail. The darkness of the night had fully taken over. The moon hung high, while the stars danced brightly. To her, this was peaceful and yet she know it would not last very much longer.
"He's walked around about three or four times already. If there was something there, he would have found it by now." Emma got up and walked to Rick.
“But which way?” he asked.
With that, she walked away and began pacing up and down the side of the road, peering through the trees, scanning for any signs of Tara. Suddenly, she felt a presence beside her.
Rick looked around as they came into the main room of the prison. It was so quiet, he then started up the guard tower. Slowly opening the door to fine the dead guard, he looks over the body and then moves to remove the ring of keys. Daryl moves to the cell block and Tara follows, always on high alert, finger on the trigger as they go cell to cell. Glen and Maggie going down on the left to see what was down that way. It was so quiet. Rick then comes down and looks around the large main room and then he just smiles.” This is it.” He looks at Emma clapping her on the shoulder..Glenn and T walk back to the main room and then ten minutes later the twins walk back into the main room. Tara moves her bow over her shoulder as she then points behind her. “It’s clear. Just have to get the dead bodies out and then we’re good.”
Tara looks at the food then back to Emma shaking her head.” Not really that hungry.” She then looked back over the farm lands.” No, nothing. Emma something Doesn’t feel right. There would have been no way he slipped those cuffs by himself.”
Rick stayed where he was and took a seat on the porch and let Emma take the lead back. It was different having someone helping him get shit together instead of fighting him through everything. It was a nice break from his soon to be ex-wife and Shane. He sat there for a long while waiting for his people to show up or Daryl to come out of the house. Which he did three hours later. Swaying slightly as he took a seat next to Rick. They didn’t say anything for a while. And then Rick looked over. "She okay?" Daryl nodded softly and looked at him and then his eyes went to the floor. "I’ll wait till Emma gets back. She would want to know as well. But she's gonna be okay.”
It wasn’t long after that, they spotted a door with a white sticker on it. It was faded from age, but the red cross was still faint. She looked around and opened the door carefully.
"This is Hershel," Emma said, introducing him. She looked at Tara in the eyes softly, trying to tell her silently that this man was a good guy. "He's the one who bandaged you up. Another man found you. His name is Otis. He brought you back here after you went under."
When he said that Lori was pregnant and that the baby may or may not be his, Emma immediately hugged him. The sad look behind his eyes was upsetting. "I don't know if I should say I'm sorry or congratulations, but I do know that no matter the outcome, you'll be a great father." She released him as he began talking about how he never signed on to be the group leader. "You suit the role," she replied. "Great leaders don't ask for it. They are better leaders when they are chosen and you were chosen. I can see where Shane wants to be a leader and because of that he is reckless and I'm sure other deep seeded issues probably caused that. He is pigheaded. He is cocky and he is jealous. As far as he is concerned, you are still a threat to him. You have become the leader when he thinks it should have been him and for better or worse, at the beginning at least, Lori did choose you over him. You need to watch your back. He wants to be you and he wants to take over Carl and Lori, and that means eventually, you two are going to square up and I don't know how it's going to end." She didn't know where all of that came from, but something about Shane scared her in a way. There was something unpredictable about him.
"I love you," he had said. Emma leaned down and kissed him, making it so much harder on herself to do what needed to be done, but she did it.
As she walked out, she heard one of their newfound 'friends' asking about what was going on back there.
"Not the best," Lori replied.
"He'll be fine, we just need to find the infirmary" she replied. It was a half lie. A lot of it depended on how stocked the infirmary was, but she knew if she could find it, Hershel would have a fighting chance. Her and Tara then walked out of the cell, closing the door behind them. "What do you think the chances are of finding a map in the next few seconds?" She asked with a smile.
Tara sat back in her chair as she finally finished her small slice of deer. She knew others needed to eat. The kids, so she would get something a little later. She had a feeling this new event was going to be a pain in the ass. Rick then stood up looking at Glen asking The Who’s and whys. Rick nodded after Glen had told him how he knew about the barn. He could hear his soon to be ex- wife freaking out the others now worried. He then stood and walked over to Emma and Tara, and clasps Emma on the shoulder. Then Tara. “Emma, would ya mind coming with me for a minute, we need to talk to Herschel. “Tara’s eyes then looked up to Emma, giving her a nod. Emma was better at talking with people.
"Anyway, thanks for your help today," he said before walking away.
Emma felt strangely nervous all of a sudden as the two men approached them. The man in the sheriff's uniform and hat wasn't the one making her nervous though. Something about the other male did though. She didn't know what it was, but something seemed a little off about him.
When the others had gone, Lori went up to Rick. "Can we talk somewhere private?" She asked him, looking down at the ground awkwardly, kicking her boots against the dirt.
“But you don’t know if it’s mine?” He asked carefully.
“Cell block C. Cell 4 that’s mine, gringo,” he said, trying to be as intimidating as he could, but that didn’t work on the twins. They had already seen the worst kind. This ass didn’t even register to them. “Let me in,” he demands.
As everyone was getting ready, Lori, Beth, and Carol stood at the fence, ready to attract walkers. Lori stood by the gate, ready to open it when the others were ready to go in. Maggie had decided to come with the group as well. She was not about to let Glen go in there without her.
As they put Hershel onto the bed, Emma quickly elevated his leg to try to keep the rest of the blood in him as well as they could. She removed her flannel from his leg and tossed it to the floor. And grabbed her duffle bag. She was covered in blood now from trying to keep pressure on his leg. She was glad that she didn’t get queasy at the sight of blood.
Emma sighed in relief as Carol entered the room. "We're apparently in an argument over who gets to watch over Tara," she explained to Carol. She wouldn't be petty and go over everything that had been said, like a child would, but she didn't think it should be completely ignored either. "I was just telling her I'm sure it would be fine if we both did it." Quickly changing the topic. "How is Sophia and how are you?" She asked warmly.
Daryl kept at it, soon he got a little more personal, removing his large Bowie knife and jumped at the guy, his knife sticking into the wood between the guys legs and then Daryl shot his head up fire and darkness in his eyes as he yelled.
Tara and Daryl watched Lori go after Rick, heard the yells and then Emma walking over to pull Lori away. Rick said nothing as Lori came at him. All the doubt and guilt coming back. But his face had stayed calm and in control, although the smack now starts to smart a little he doesn’t let it show. His eyes then move to Emma as she takes Lori away and he turns back around and starts a perimeter check. Daryl then looks over.” Let’s set up camp.” He elbows tara and she nods to Daryl and starts to walk over to the area where there was some brick wall left. The group follows..Daryl stops by Emma.. “ Tara is going to go out on watch, get a fire going and try to keep everyone from killing one another... they are almost in shock, and scared. I’m going to go and try to talk to Rick and see if we can come up with some kind of plan. If ya need me or Tara, two high shrill whistles. We will come running.” Daryl then nodded and took off as Tara elbows Emma lightly.” We will teach you a little later on stealth communication. That way you’ll know things as soon as me and Daryl.” Tara looks at the group and kind of smirks.” Good luck.” And then she takes off to start her walk around.
“Don’t act all high and mighty. Daryl wouldn’t ask anyone to watch his sister. And I’m sure he would ask someone as new to the group as you are. You most likely misheard him. Shane and Rick are in charge and Shane asked me to stay with her.”
"We can get back here from the highway easily. There's a small town close by too where we can scavenge. Little gas station. I doubt all the gas is gone. We can fill up and come back." As far as Hershel letting them stay here, she wasn't sure. "I think he would probably let us a couple nights. At least enough for Tara to get better. Any further and I'm not sure. He's pretty protective over his property. These are good people though...just a little territorial and I bet a little more so now, after everything." She took water out of her bag, realizing now how thirsty she was after the long run she had just taken. She took a swig and handed Rick the bottle and began walking towards the woods to lead them back to the highway. It didn't take long for them to get to the road and catch the others up on everything that had happened. It wasn't long before they were in the little town and filling up their tanks."
Tara ran as fast as she could, staying low and fast, her crossbow up and then releasing the bolt. She hit the walker dead center. She didn’t stop as she shot and ran and removed the arrow while putting her crossbow on her shoulder. Bolt in one hand and Bowie knife in the other. She then looked over, seeing a glimpse of small, blonde hair. She skids to a halt and starts running to the little girl. A handful of walkers close behind. She can hear Rick taking on two, so she took off after the girl. Going around and snatching the little girl in her arms causing her to scream. Tara was quick and quietly calmed the girl, the walkers only seconds behind. She made a spilt-second plan. She took the bolt in her mouth, gripping it with her teeth and swept the girl up and into her chest and took off fast, her crossbow bouncing on her back as she went out of sight, just as Daryl showed up to assist Rick in taking down the handful of walkers. At least three hours passed before someone came out of the woods. Rick and Daryl walking up the incline and getting over the rail. No emotion on Daryl's face but the harsh clinch of his jaw and the tight grip on his crossbow, Ricks eyes slightly water as he looked at Carol as he tried to stop the emotional way his voice wavered.
Rick was the first to speak, looking at Emma still not sure what had happened.
As they began getting everything ready for the camp, Emma pulled Rick aside. "Hey, I'm sorry, but I have to ask. What took you guys so long...and where is Shane?" She had a feeling she already knew the answer, after all it was an obvious set up after they had thought about it during the time they had been gone. Not that she was heartbroken about Shane's disappearance, but she felt bad for Rick for being the one to take him out.
"What's up, Rick?" Emma asked with a slight smile.
"We could take this property easily from them if we wanted too," Shane said.
Emma had kind of a bit of a feeling on that. Too many people had turned too quickly. The whole world, save a few people like them had turned too quickly...the world was over run too quickly. It made way more sense as well as to why Rick wanted to shoot Randall instead of hang him. She was sure part of it was that he wanted to do it quickly so the kid wouldn't have to feel pain for long, but turning into a Walker by hanging would have been a pretty big shock to anyone who witnessed.
“Keep watch,” she nods to the cell with Hershel. Carl nods as he takes the keys swiping at Tara’s hand but it was too late to stop her from pushing his hat down. Tara then turns and starts to the main door out side, to see where her brother was and to help out if needed.
pies?”
“Come on Cas Allman, you dance as well as you play?” Cas laughs softly and sets his guitar aside, grunting as Dean pulls him up to his feet.
They walk back up the road in silence, the gravel crunching beneath their feet, the forest around them humming with the chorus of bullfrog and cicada song. It’s evenings like this, where the quiet in Jack is almost somber, intentional, that Castiel wonders if his son has any memories of who he used to be. Like maybe on summer evenings he remembers the lake house where he was born, the crisp air, the doom of power inside him. How he had lived and died and lived and died. He hopes not.
, he says.
“Don’t worms have something like, four stomachs?” Dean asks.
“Jack was very good with the compost today, Dean.” Cas says, sitting at the table and pouring himself a glass from the pitcher. Dean
and Cas loves the way it sounds coming out of his mouth.
“But, you see Jack, I bet your father didn’t tell you how the worms do it, did he?”
“Bar...barbie.” Jack tries to say through another yawn.
Jack’s grin is toothy as he carefully returns the worm back to the compost pile. He covers the little pink squiggle tenderly in rotting vegetable scrap soil.
“Dean…”
“I’m afraid so.” He answers, letting Dean clasp a hand to his waist. They sway together as she sings
“Oh, ok. Why?”
The table interrupts into a fit of laughter.
“Yep. Ain’t that right Cas?”
“And cows can?”
“No. You’re an Allman girl.” Dean laughs fully and Castiel strums a few off-key cords to punctuate it. Jack runs up to them, out of breath from his frollicking. He has a few scrapes from the thistle on his legs.
When Castiel enters the kitchen, Jack is explaining the great complexities of decomposition to Dean, who is nodding along and spooning peas onto his plate. He presses a kiss to Dean’s cheek and washes the dirt out from under his fingernails at the kitchen sink, splashes water on his face. Evenings here are muggy.
“Here?” Castiel asks, moving his finger a bit.
“Those are some nasty battle-scars you got there, kid, let’s get you patched up.”
Dean and Jack come back outside. Jack is yawning and rubbing his eyes, his legs bearing a few novelty band-aids.
“A mission? Like in Paw Patrol?”
“That’s me, the third Allman brother. And you can be an Allman brother-in-law.”
“No, you’re thinking cows. Worms have five
“Well, you see Jack, the worms eat all the same stuff we do, only it's the parts we don’t want, like the bones and the fish skin and rotten apples. Then, when they’re all full, they
“It’s stinky.” Jack says like always.
and he can feel Dean smiling next to him.
“Go wash up for dinner, I’ll be right in.” and Jack runs inside, making sure not to let the screen door slam at the last minute, as Castiel goes to deposit the pitchfork and pail in their decrepit little shed out back. Because Dean always says that:
It had been hard moving out here at first. God abandoned, Castiel with grace he no longer wanted, Jack free of his responsibility and wriggling in a soft swaddle of blankets in Sam’s arms. Cas didn’t need to think of that now, he was just glad for the towering Black Walnut tree, glad that it might finally bear fruit this year and that they might roast them in the fire pit out back.
’s, shaking his head and smiling, shutting the oven with his foot and setting the dish down on the table.
“All these little worms,” he sticks a hand into the newly stinking mess of decomposing food and pulls out a handful of it, “They have a job to do, a mission. They all work together to make the soil healthier. And we feed them our leftover food to do that.”
“You’ll be a regular Allman in no time.”
The circular table is set with three mismatched ceramic plates and three napkins and three forks and there's a glass pitcher of sweet tea and a citronella candle in the middle because Cas loves sweet tea and Dean hates mosquitos. Dean makes a silent motion for Castiel to take the pot of peas from him, then hurries over to the oven and pulls out a casserole dish, hissing at the heat seeping through the towel he’s using to grab the rim.
“From the cyanide in the almonds.”
It's cold in the mountains, Castiel has found, even in August. But Dean is warm. The full moon finally rises from over the tree tops and shines onto their porch and it reminds Castiel of that Cat Stevens song. He breaths through a smile.
“Yeah.” Castiel strums a few times just in time for Judy Collins to warble
When the kitchen is scrubbed clean and the casserole dish is tin-foiled in the fridge and Jack has dumped all the night’s food scraps into the newly-empty compost pail outside - he likes to lay the celery ends just right and sprinkle the onion skins like snow, or maybe he just likes having a job to do, Castiel will never know - the three of them sit on the porch to enjoy the evening. It’s August and Jack will be starting school soon. The elementary building is a long one-story in town full of new people to interact with; Jack is ecstatic. Dean is,
Jack is chasing fireflies in their front yard, the chaotic mess of wildflowers and grass come above his waist but he doesn’t let that stop him. He whizzes around their large Black Walnut tree and through the mess of thistle. He’s an expert at this sport at age five and Castiel is very proud. He scoops them up from below and holds them gingerly between his little palms, his eyes glowing as they do. And every time, without fail, he lets the insect crawl to the edge of his pointer finger and fly away, let’s it become another star among the mass of constellations above them.
“What?”
it out,” Dean scrunches up his face, making Jack laugh, “and that's what dirt is.” He punctuates his sentence by sticking a fork full of hot tuna casserole into his mouth and chewing.
“Yes. Like in Paw Patrol.”
“Hypothetically,” Castiel says, “Though you are certainly one to transcend the hypothetical. I wouldn’t put it past you to pull it off.”
“It is.” Castiel replies like he does every time.
He and Jack disappear into the house, Dean’s hand patting his shoulder as Jack regails him with the great details of his insect-hunting. Castiel feels, amid the still night, the goose bumps of solitude. He looks out past the meadow and the gravel road, past the immediate oaks and hickories and onto the ridge rising from the horizon. He strums the chord that Dean taught him a few times, serenading the trees. The dark forest blinks back at him but he knows it's not the eyes of monsters, rather the twinkling of lightning bugs.
