Day three involved liaisons with local authorities, after an almost arrest. John didn’t spoke any Norwegian, so Sherlock did most of the talking. They got separated by a detective and then, when they finally got to reunite, it was in front of the suspect.
Mrs. Hudson laugh, agreeing, but Sherlock let his eyes linger on John a few seconds.
"Ignore it." Sherlock said, turning his face in to the sink and pressing the betraying bulge on the cold porcelain. He kept his face down, because if he didn't, he would see John trough the mirror... and he just couldn't bare.
John seemed suspicious.
"I'm going to bloody end you!" John was yelling. Sherlock jump from the sofa's arm to the chair and then in a big jump was almost safe on his own room, but he was not quick enough to shut the door before John could storm on it and push Sherlock's body to his bed in the brutest, and manliest, of manners.
Well, that was it, the air got heavy enough to cut with a knife, so Sherlock had to crack a joke because things were getting way too emotional and this wasn’t his field
"It’s not atrocious."
Sherlock bit his tongue, and archived those wild thoughts for later.
John was staring at his face in the mirror, Sherlock's periferical vision could detect a mix of worry and anger and not even a little embarrassment.
Sherlock relaxed his throat as much as he could, and swallow him whole, all the way down, slowly …
"Mornin’" He answered, looking flustered.
John wiped him up, carefully, and stepped away. Sherlock closed the bathrobe in front of him, giving a half arsed knot (damn stupid casts!) and turned over. John had pink ears and pink cheeks and was very pointedly trowing the dirty towel on the clothes bin.
"Damn, you’re going to make a mess on my bed." John moaned, like it had just occurred to him, and Sherlock opened his eyes to find John looking down at his cock, porn forgotten, right hand now very much
"I don't need a shag and I don't need a fucking doll!" Sherlock yelled to mirror John. "I just need my bloody hands back!"
"I know." He answered.
"What is
Sherlock wanted to kiss him, which was a silly thing to want at that point.
"You like this them?" John asked, quietly.
It had been so simple, all this time, hasn’t it?
They had gotten home so late, last night…and Sherlock had run his thoughts to the point where his eyes hurt, viciously trying to understand himself. He had gone straight to bed, for once tired of all the thinking. John had looked at his back until it disappeared.
under such treatment?
John turned him over and begun to clean the blood around the wound with wet fingers. They didn’t talk for a while, not when John took the loofah and begun to wash his back, not when he picked little pieces of concrete out of Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock, busy trying to not think the words
- You’re terrible at being liked. - John said, trying to sound exasperated and failing miserably because the smile wouldn’t let his face. - And completely oblivious, gosh! You’re so oblivious! And difficult, and a brat, and a
- I’m ready, fuck me! - he hisses again, and John whimpers between his legs. Then there is a pressure and then one finger is in, Sherlock arches on the mattress and bites his lower lip so hard it breaks. Copper taste doesn’t distract him at all. Two fingers, right after, riding in the lubrication of spit and nothing else. John is as impatient as he is, but John is also careful,
John look up at him (he had been staking the first aid kit) with the deer-cought-in-the-lights look.
"John… the bed…?"
Then John stepped back and look somewhere else, biting his lip as if to stop himself.
“The baroness? The old lady on the wheel chair?” John look at him then, just like he always did. Interested and excited for what would come next. Just like that, Sherlock felt the tight hold on his stomach unclench a little. Yes, back on the game, the old game. He was good at
and give names to the things going on between them?! It was ok, Sherlock could handle it if John was right there along with him.
"Now,
Sherlock shuffled his feet and got closer to the table, looking for things he could grab and fidget with.
"Can you come from just my fingers?"
Sherlock's wrists had been broken for the past two weeks. John was not sure how much more he could take.
Sherlock if he wasn't broken... nobody sane ever did.
Sherlock turn and went back to his room, using all of his concentration to not look back.
but his dignity hadn’t been burned to the ground yet.
- Is this alright? - John asked, lower lip touching the red full tip of his cock, glistening with saliva.
- Goddamn your bloody neck on that bloody collar and that bloody scarf… - John muttered between bits, licking and sucking, making Sherlock’s neck the single hot point of his consciousness. - ...always parading around like you don’t know how amazing you look--
He was in a full spiteful Sherlockian mood and the earth was trembling.
Looking in the mirror, Sherlock let himself remember the first time they had done the whole masturbation thing. He was looking at the same mirror, but John’s body against his was a blur, his hand, the relief… Sherlock was sure, had been for quite some time, that he needed the man, actually needed him. It was a liability, a weakness, but then it was John. If Sherlock ought to have a weakness, it was good that John was it, because he was strongest weakness a man could ask for. But then there were the other things, and this was what Sherlock had been trying to grapple with on the aeroplane, the strands of where his logic begun to fade away and his feelings started to took hold. This wasn’t about all the things he knew about John, or all the things he didn’t. It was about how John made him illogical, unpredictable. How Sherlock had a gut reaction to want to make him laugh, to please him. How he woke up wanting to see what his face was like when he was in the middle of his climax. Wanting to touch. Wanting him close.
"I suppose." John said, a beat too late, with a neutral and completely fake smile. Then the smile turned real. "You’re brilliant! Well, more then usual, I mean."
Sherlock didn’t got to the end of the phrase as John’s hand came suddenly to his lap to unzip the now strained front of his pants. His cock plopped out obscenely, partially visible by the sheerness of his white underwear. John wasn’t looking at him, he was very fixated on the video, and that was definitely not the hand he was used to use on those activities (Sherlock was sitting by his left, their knees pressed together), but when his palm made an upwards press against his clothed prick, Sherlock had to summon a lot of self control to not whine.
Sherlock looked down. There it was, his betraying, sensitive, swelling prick, just two inches away from John's still fingers. He felt faint.
"Yeah, sure, it’s your cock. Turn." Sherlock immediately closed the door and brace himself against it.
"Only nine? Just a Thursday afternoon then." Sherlock smiled a little, resting his casts on his destroyed pants.
- Brilliant. - Sherlock answered, before bending down and capturing John’s lips on his.
And when it was over, John didn’t move.
"Do… do you want...me… to?" John punctuated every one of his words with his fingers, and oh this wasn’t fair, how could anyone
“We should rest. Full day tomorrow.” He said, already moving gingerly up the stairs.
resist a deduction.
- No strenuous activities for a month! Now you can wash your hands and are free to go, Mr. Holmes.
Then John’s presence, the heat of him, got out of Sherlock’s immediate premises and Sherlock turned his face to watch as he fish a tissue from the box, then another one, whipping his hand with them in a sort of surgical manner. On the third tissue he spoke again, the matter of fact voice returning with just the slight tremor.
A few days later, just as the bruises on Sherlock's face begun to turn that sick shade of yellow, things started to get ugly again. It was even weirder now, because Sherlock seemed to be trying, and failing, to contain his irritability, and John was very, very quiet for most outbursts.
"Thank you." Sherlock said, because really, what he could say? John wave dismissively before glancing at him sheepishly
Sherlock raised his casts, off-white fiberglass chunks, in front of his face. Those had looked innocent enough when he had gotten them, unaware still of their implication. Sure, he would have to do some physical therapy and probably bully Mycroft out of some of his military regenerative treatments in the future, but he never thought they would significantly change his life. And then, of course, they did, and now Sherlock was here, in front of his mirror, resisting going to his own living room because seeing John felt more daunting then seeing Moriarty.
"I, hum, I think every other day. If that’s fine for you." Keep things mechanical, he decided, was the best course of action.
Time out, then. Ok. It was what he asked for.
In the end the case was closed with a disappointing lack of action, as it happened. The narwhal was found at the aquarium, and the baroness was smart enough to handle the entire operation of postal stamps once she saw there was no other way out. And John, always quick and attentive, was able to pistol-whip the curator before he could get to the old lady.
"Ok, alright, just… sit."
So now it was just the two of them.
Sherlock thought. Was John actually turned on by what he was saying? He sat again, getting closer to John and looking more intently at the video.
Lestrade barely blinked at the sudden entrance, neither did he acted surprised at the deduction. Good, he was learning.
hand leaving him and he felt more then saw when John shove it inside him pants and pressed against his own cock because he was coming right after, right through his pants. Sherlock couldn’t look away as John felt by his side, wet splosh getting bigger, his entire body twitching. John made a sound, like he was surprised in the middle of a moan. Sherlock wanted to swallow that sound with his own mouth, but he couldn’t, couldn’t even move yet.
this one, it had a nice storyline…"
- While you’re at it, let me remind you of all the good things my mouth can do. I deduce I can make you come again before the rain is over.
It was always very lovely to see John get bashful in front of strangers. One of Sherlock’s favorite things about their new, still unnamed, relationship status. Right now it only earned him another poke on the ribs, but the nurse gave a knowing smile.
"Hum, yeah, sort of. Bloody hell Sherlock, this is really weird, you know!"
"What she’s thinking now?" John asked, raspy voice. Sherlock had, in the spam of ten seconds, completely forgotten about the video.
It was another of two blokes and a girl, only this girl was a brunet and the camera work was much more amateur.
"I, hum, I’m sorry. For, ha, this." He did a general gesture in the direction of his crotch. Sherlock could see his jeans were still a bit tighter then they should. "I know you felt it."
Sherlock tries to understand what John is doing. John do some negotiations.
They got quiet for a couple of seconds. Sherlock was about to leave again when John called him.
"No, it’s ok." And John made something with his hand, something that put a pressure on the part of Sherlock’s cock that was the most sensitive and he felt his orgasm getting there so much faster then it was a second before. "Go ahead."
(See the end of the chapter for
- What in the bloody world are you sorry about!? - John asked, rough and tired, after a prolonged silence.
"What a preposterous insinuation Mrs. Hudson! I would never."
"No, gosh no! This… do it again. Again!"
It took John a few seconds to answer to that, and when he did, it was in one unreadable voice.
"What a crazy case." John commented, buttering some toasts. Broke them off in smaller pieces and begun to push toothpicks on them (it was easier for Sherlock to grab, and John didn’t have to feed him this way).
"Why did you do that?"
But they didn’t pay attention to the rain after that.
"Thousands and thousands of it. Not inside the wall... inside the bricks. Which
But John had been obsessing with his neck, hadn’t he? And now, the floodgates were open to everything, because John forced his face up and bite, hard, right at the juncture of neck and shoulder. Sherlock yelp but his cock strained even harder on those pajamas and
"Just doing it. I didn’t need to imagine anything to harvest the endorphins."
"Half. I have the commissioner breathing on my neck over this... You can't just go about tearing Westminster’s walls, Sherlock!"
His knees wobbled, and he had to put his whole weight on his elbows and forehead on the wall. Gosh, that had been ridiculously intense!
His hands run over Sherlock’s sides, down and down until he was pushing the pajama pants out of the way, and Sherlock tried to hang on, tried to breath deeply, but John’s mouth was making a clear, if long path downwards, dragging pants and briefs and dignity with him.
“Yes. Yes we should. Good night” Sherlock turned and bolted to his room, then spend two hours sitting at the edge of his bed, just thinking about John’s fingers.
John’s pressure tighten on his wrist, and Sherlock wished he could have felt that. Then he forgot about it as he watched John look at his mouth.
Sherlock took a breath, and also the time to think about this. He didn’t know what he needed. Not anymore. He used to masturbate in the shower, or before bed, with the same attention one gives to brushing teeth or putting on pajamas. It would help his mind to unwind a bit, to signal the brain that it was time for a general clean up of useless data. He wasn't, despite his best efforts, naturally asexual, but the drug dealers that had demanded blowjobs and the one relationship he had had in college had convinced Sherlock that there was nothing more unnecessarily messy and complicated then sex. He dealt with his body's needs, but hadn’t been paying attention to his own orgasms for so long that have them strong enough to shake his insides now was... disconcerting. Not to mention it was John giving them to him.
Maybe John would kiss him again. Sherlock would let him. Collect data, analyze their collective heartbeat, try to work this out.
"S-Sherlock!" John shouted, or grunted, or moaned, or just possibly sung. The hands grabbing his wet hair got a vice grip, painful, and Sherlock stop himself, breathless, and again let John ride his mouth.
Desperate measures, he supposed, and bashed his left hand as hard as possible on the edge of the bolted-in-place table.
Sherlock's real cause for being such a prat lately spun awake almost instantly. Painfully so. Like it had been for the past two weeks at the smallest of the incentives, and Sherlock could do nothing about it because of his damn wrists! He had become so depended on that particular form of distraction when without cases that it had become an addiction, a fairly healthy one that is... considering. But now that he could not do it, Sherlock had realized he had let his
Liking him close.
"...not good?" Sherlock risked, voice a low rumble. His throat was not prepare for this strenuous use of it, but Sherlock couldn’t find in himself to mind the soreness.
like my Work." Sherlock said, with some despise. "The
"Time off." John agreed, and if he sounded a bit heart broken, Sherlock absolutely didn’t let himself notice.
He is going to come, he is going to come right now, Sherlock just feels it, the way his body combust and his skin prickles and he is going to com--
"Yeah." Was all he managed, and it kinda ended on a moan so Sherlock decided he should not say anything else.
John finished wiping his hands and pushed the box in the general direction of Sherlock, still not looking. Sherlock cataloged what he was seeing.
"I’m doing this so you don’t get destructive and maniac again." John said, getting his things. "You need me to, so I’ll do it. I’ll... think of something else next time."
"...thank you." Sherlock watched.
He still got chills down his spine every time he remembered the word “like”.
"What, you said yourself, we past the point of shyness." Sherlock spit, still frustrated as hell that his stupid hands hadn’t healed yet, and with John’s warped view of sexual etiquette and with a bunch of other little concerning things going on in his head.
John turn his head on the bed, look at Sherlock with an expression that was tired and serious and something else Sherlock wasn’t sure about.
Sherlock took a breath before responding.
to respond… wool under his touch, warm and a little rough, and underneath the clear form of John’s muscles. Sherlock was happy to realize he was very familiar with their shapes now, even of only from feeling them on his own chest.
"I’m...I’m sorry, I’ll come back later." Sherlock muttered after what felt like ages of doing a dumbstruck impression of a statue. He had made a harsh half turn and was already on the middle of the stairs when a thought occurred to him and Sherlock trotted back because he couldn’t,
"Hum…" The sound almost felt alien, Sherlock’s breathless moan more an extension from the dream then a real thing. He couldn't get off on it alone, god knew he tried before, but it was still good, still made his body prickle.
"Well, apparently porn does affect you a little bit."
John audibly swallowed and swore something Sherlock couldn’t make up under his breath and then he turned to look back at Sherlock, but not at his face. Down.
“…It’s going to be hard to travel like this.” John said, low, circling the cast where Sherlock’s broken bones were.
"Hard to." John flinched at his own unintentional pun and cleared his throat. "I mean... is this for me?"
Sherlock look at John straight in the eye then because really, how could a person be this obtuse?!
Apparently his silence was answer enough.
"I’m… Please, don’t, Sherlock… don’t stop that...Sherlock, god, so good… Sherl--" It was a string of senseless words, punctuated by “Sherlock”s, and John would close his eyes but always open them again to look at him, say his name.
John laugh at that, and Sherlock laugh with him, because this was ridiculous. Two naked man talking
him?! And the kiss, why it set his nerves on fire more then all the other stuff? Oh, no. No, no, no. No!
Sherlock could distantly feel his tights tremble harder, the hand John was using to stabilize his waist dig harder, bruise him, and the water on his back, constant, numbing, but mostly what he felt was his arse being finger fucked, two finger, then three, rough, wet…
And that he was alive to come crashing back on earth to realize he was glued to a trembling John, like a wet sticky octopus, panting in little whines. He forced his arms and legs to relax, untangle and turn his vice grip into a soft hold.
"Is this a
John turned back to him, opened his mouth twice, and then just said, very tiredly.
Sherlock gulped down his tea, hot as it was, just to look away.
- Harder! - It falls out of him again, unbidden. John barely hesitates before he slams himself inside Sherlock, and the spiderweb of pain only fuels the pleasure. He is going to come untouched, just like in the shower… sweat is covering his body and making him glisten, and is dripping out of John, from his neck and his chest. For once the caskets don’t get in the way of Sherlock when he unbalances John’s hands and pull him down, hugging his torso with bruised legs, the angle just perfect to hit him where it makes him hiss.
"No, I can’t. Sherlock, I can’t!"
"That’s ‘cause she can’t speak english and only has half of her teeth." John said pressing the remote to change channels randomly. "Besides, you don’t want tho ask the prostitutes. If you wanted, you’ve done it already."
"You're thinking about... uh. Your stress relief."
“Yes! Yeah, I’m fine, give me a minute.”
Sherlock abandoned his pity-party immediately, got into the room while trying to slip on his old robe.
"Advantage...John! You’re not taking advantage of anything, at all, what so ever. You are quite literally keeping my sanity in check, because my stupid body got addicted on this… thing, and if your body decides to react, for whatever reasons, I completely understand that is not because you consciously want to
"She is about to pull the boyfriend in, so they had plan this in detail… Boyfriend wants to penetrate anally while his mate does in from the front, and she agreed as long as he promised to suck on the other bloke. See how they are staring? Ah, camera’s down, I think she is getting her request first."
"Sorry."
“Clumsy.” Sherlock raised his casts, including the one throbbing in pain, as if to justify himself.
One day, Sherlock decides, he will lube John up with both hands, slowly, dragging his fingertips on the underside of his shaft. For now, he resigns himself to watch John do it, hushed and careless. It still makes for a great show.
"Ahn… jesus… Sherlock!"
He didn’t knock, he never knocked before. But maybe boredom had rotten his deductive powers because usually Sherlock knew with hours in advance when John had the intention to wank off and now there he was, froze at his door like an idiot while John didn’t know if he shut his computer first or took his hand out of his pants.
John stared at him, all anger and seriousness and none of the worry left. This was it, Sherlock knew, he was going to had his head banged to the wall and then John was going to find an ugly cheap woman on the street to fuck him the moment he awoke. It revolt him, even more now that he knew he would relish so much on it.
John had composed himself better, sitting properly on the bed and killing the muffled sounds on his laptop, but track pants without underwear were simply not capable of hiding any sort of hard-on. Sherlock wasn’t looking at him but John’s voice sounded like of a man very flustered.
John Hammish Watson, when given a task, was the sort of man that got things done. Pure business like, no time for frills. So the way he pushed Sherlock’s pants down to his tights was very matter-of-fact and the noise of the bottle cap opening and closing had no hesitation behind it. Sherlock was half hard by the time John had finished rubbing his hands together, and even though he was waiting, the way John’s hand circled around his cock (firm, precise, all at once) startled him enough that his body did a weird recoil-and-push movement. John’s body aligned with his back, and John didn’t pushed away (
"Everything was nice back then." John commented, and he did one of those flick of a wrist movements that send a shiver all through Sherlock’s spine. "Is a towel nice?"
"Are you sure? ‘Cause I don’t want to wake up to you destroying the kitchen again." John scolded him.
"I’m sure the blog post will be popular."
"Yeah, yeah is a rugby thing. Time off then. I mean, we have… two days, I guess."
Sherlock didn’t get to see John asleep a lot. They did have separate rooms, and there was no reason to just… stare, like this. But the plane was dark, only lit by the occasional overhead light of other passengers. John’s features were soft like this, nothing at all like the rigid, determined man he was with a gun on his hand, or the long-suffering sidekick he liked to pretend to be. Soft, even a little sad.
"Fuck you Sherlock!" John began do squirm under him, legs and arms and hot living body parts all around...
"Oh great, now you’re ruining my porn for me." John pinched the bridge of his nose. "I was enjoying this one."
place for the things they were about to do.
John giggled before he turned to Sherlock with mock indignation.
"Maybe."
Sherlock didn’t protest, choosing to just fish a tissue and rub it on the spot on the linoleum floor enough that no visible drops were still there. He couldn’t do much with just the tip of his fingers, but it was good enough for Mrs. Hudson to not realize what that strange spot was.
"Yes. We do. So...hum. Time off." Sherlock look at John, plead with his eyes.
"Because…" Sherlock stop, took a deep breath. Saying it out loud was never easy, but he had catch a couple of things about the art of empathy while living with John and one of them was that, sometimes, it was necessary to be a little… vulnerable. Very illogical, of course, but so was the whole shebang that was happening with them. " Because I’m afraid."
"What?"
"No, not always." He whispered, feeling dry-mouthed.
“It is.” John agreed. The look of his face was of a man precluding disaster.
- he said, but as he said it his legs were hugging John’s body in a slow languid movement.
John was an entire universe of details, and Sherlock wondered if he would ever get to the end of it. He didn’t think so.
Their mouths bumped painfully, and there was nothing chaste about it this time. It was grasping for air, tongues sliding against each other, and moaning… John’s moaning, even, he seemed done with his own silence, and then John’s hands, those delicious raspy hands that were so good at getting Sherlock off were framing his face, grabbing at hair, cradling his jaw. Sherlock was suffocating and yet he didn’t want to stop, he would never stop.
"How can you not mind?" John asked, flat toned. Sherlock shrugged.
"That is nice?" John asked mildly surprised, doing it again. Sherlock could feel his erection growing fast, even more so with the clinical way John was talking to him. Sherlock willed down the desire to rub John’s front with his arse and nodded again, unsure of his own voice. John tug at his testicles lightly, the towel ends brushing the interior of his tights. Then, because his cock was already heavy and hard, John circled the towel around it and stroke.
on a bathroom floor. And John’s hair was all messy, and Sherlock’s whole body was bruised, and it was beginning to get really cold.
The water was hot and incessant on his back, his stitches throb with pain, and the tiles were cold were the casts supported him, and Sherlock tried to focus on those little sensations when John begun to move his finger inside him. But it felt so good, oh so good, it felt like sex was described in steamy novels… ardent and mind-bogging. Then John add another finger, and twist them, and Sherlock yelped so loud John stop.
- I know how amazing I look. - Sherlock interrupted, with a touch of humor, mostly without air. - Let me see how amazing you look, John…
"Bit not good." John said, on reflex, then he seemed to think better of it. "No, actually… I’m not sure. I don’t know. Gosh…" John ran a hand over his hair, spiking it in every direction and making him look funny. "Why you did that?"
Sherlock closed the door. This time out thing was such a fragile spiderweb of an idea, it felt close to collapsing under any sort of stare, any different tone of voice. Yet underneath it all there was the old, slightly exasperated John…
"Please..." he heard himself saying. John closed his fingers and the rest of it was just a blur.
“I’m positive.” Sherlock answered, a tad too soft. His mind had been momentarily distracted by John’s fingers working on his coat, sliding it of him. John stop, mid gestured, look up at him.
- ...will do. - John says, taking barely a second to say this before going back again, hot sleek tongue going inside, pushing just past the first ring of muscles there. Is preparation, Sherlock realizes with a start, but it has been way too much anticipated to last as much as it technically should.
"Is that why you are being such a prat?! Oh my god Sherlock, just hire a hooker!"
his pants, movements frantic.
"Mornin’" He said, and John look up, saw Sherlock’s face full of pillow marks, his ruffled hair, and then down, at the erection that had refused to diminish even a little bit.
- It will hurt. - John says, but he is crawling back up, twisting his body to open the drawer, rummaging through the mess there for the little white bottle. The cap makes a pop as John pushes it open.
- Sherlock… - he manages, pushing himself to the root.
“Yes! Indeed, I noticed them as we were crawling out. Odd thing to find inside walls.” Sherlock was glad for John’s innate ability to break any silence when needed. “I believe the baroness knows more then she is letting on, after all.”
! Enjoy, that is. It would be easier if you did, at least it wouldn’t feel like I’m… making you do something you hate."
"Can't." Sherlock murmured, trying hard not to just press his hip on the sink. The cold was doing nothing to aid him on that. "Have a reputation to maintain."
Sherlock was halfway to his buildup already, and he knew not that many minutes had passed (
"What? No! No I’m… fine. You don’t need to do anything. I’m fine."
"Me. Indulging. Is not right."
"Jesus Christ, you are loaded."
Funny enough, when John’s mouth finally touched the head of his cock, cautious and wet, Sherlock felt a sort of inner peace take over. Yes, he was meant to be here, everything was alright. John’s mouth was the righteous place to exist, and there was nothing else in the world with more sense, more truth then that. So what if John seemed hesitant and unsure? So what if they had to talk
Sherlock let his eyes do their icy perforation (or at least, that's what he had been told they did, metaphors were a necessary bore to deal with normal people), and watched John shift a little in his chair.
Sherlock looked behind himself.
- I will.
John paused, looking at him in the eye. John was excited too, not as much as Sherlock, but definitely getting there. He put the mug back on the table.
"S-she will try to make them snog with her in the middle. Boyfriend on the back, Blond on the front. Girl is v-very confident...ohn…"
Sherlock shrugged again.
Gosh, he wanted John to fuck him!
John look up to his eyes, hot water streaming down his head.
Yes, that was much better, now they were fully touching, and even if Sherlock couldn’t feel, he could use his casts to pin John there, over himself, undulating softly under the man, bringing him to full hardness. John didn’t kept to himself for very long though, and he quickly adjusted his position to be between Sherlock’s legs, trusted dry, once, twice… long thrusts that didn’t felt as hushed as they had been so far. The whole mood was more mellow now, as if they were both trying to drag it out, make it count.
“Probably as long as me and don’t think I won’t be having words about how you talked to everyone but me. However I reckon we should go and save mrs Hudson yeah?” John said a bit reluctantly
John really couldn’t figure out what they were talking about he needed to get into Sherlocks phone but he wasn’t sure how it was Sherlock what on earth would his password be. He then came to the conclusion to give up and be bold and ask Sherlock himself. “Hey Sherl what is this group chat called what to do?” John asked casually as to try to catch him off guard.
It was a funny sight on him - the sweater was too short yet too baggy for his long, too skinny body for John's liking. But after all, it was no surprise that the jumper was hanged on him, after all, John was short but well-built, with muscular arms and chest. His belly may be a bit flabbier than it used to be, but it happens to the retired soldiers and he has been in much better condition than some young people...
" Lock, you have to talk! It's the only way to fix that! By the way, you still can talk, some people aren't able to speak at all!" Mycroft raised his voice, the desperation was taking control over it.
With worries in his face about what he might see, he stormed into the bathroom.
John's eyes widened, and if it wasn't such a serious situation, it would be quite funny... That idiot couldn't be serious, could he?
" That's good... I mean this... I think I like it..." Said Sherlock before he could stop himself. As soon as he realised his mistake, he wanted nothing else but bite off his tongue. He knew it wasn't only his fault, it was the closeness and he was sure he could also blame the beer he had drunk. He drank alcohol only occasionally, well aware of the fact that alcohol kills the brain cells. That was absolutely unacceptable!
Sherlock accepted it gratefully and blew his nose. " Thank you, Greg... I'll make some tea... " He said and headed to the kitchen to put the kettle on.
" Fine..." The tall man repeated, bit offended - as if he had expected John to do something about it - and laid down on his right side, turning his back on John.
Hello, dear readers!
" Well done... And now get your ass in gear and give me a hand! They are almost finished, and we haven't even started yet!" He pointed his finger towards the orange tent Mycroft and Greg were working on. He hoped that if he'll find Sherlock something to do, he won't be so annoying and bored.
Sherlock's eyes widened and his heart started to throb in his chest. The idea of leaving the flat didn't seem much very tempting, but this was about John! He had to do something! " I'm on my way, send me an address!" He hanged off, grabbed a black parka which was hanged on the door and ran out on the street.
Sherlock realised that what he just said was a bit not good, as John used to tell him. Fortunately, John was a very tolerable man, he got used to Sherlock's bitter comments and learned to not take them personally.
Detective's thin shoulders shrugged again and he brought his large Belstaff coat closer to his body. " So what? I'll sleep in my coat..." He said, keeping the tone of his baritone neutral, but somehow it sounded like If he was daring John to say something.
John was sat at his desk by the window over looking Baker Street, he was writing up the latest case he and Sherlock (well mainly Sherlock) had solved its was what he was going to call the case of chewing gum dropper. it was case that Lestrade had brought to them it started to perplex the yard they knew it was an outside job that it wasn’t one of the family members and thought they had struck gold when they found a piece of chewing gum that had been stupidly left by the killer. There was a certain arrogance about it because as the yard found out this person had no priers so their DNA was not on file and could not be matched same with Fingerprints. So Greg took it to Sherlock and John. Sherlock of course after analysing the chewing gum, he could figure out what the killer had last eaten and found that the ingredients came from a specific restaurant near  the crime scene. Then with the help of the CCTV was able to identify the killer, who was immediately arrested by Greg and the yard.
Sherlock couldn’t help but roll his eyes at that.
"W-what the hell are we doing?!" John asked, barely over the noise of the water, sounding dismayed, and also rough, and also wet, and like he was straining against the strongest force on earth all by himself.
The cast protected his healing bones enough, but the pain was still sharp and sufficiently enduring that Sherlock could thrust his body to get the message.
A day and a half later, Sherlock had forced the issue out of his mind in favor of some cold-case folders Mycroft had gifted him in the guise of a “get-well” balloon. His hands ached, the high-tech plastic casts not as uncomfortable as they could be but still driving him a bit mad by their mere existence. He knew John was going to show up later, tell him to face a wall and get him off as efficiently as a Swiss clock. But it was early, the sun hadn’t set completely, and John was in his own room probably indulging in some long unnecessary shower and Sherlock had to ask him something about the nature of a particularly weird social phenomenon called “planking”.
" My... Mycroft?" He stuttered through his stiff lips and chattering teeth.
The man cried out on the sofa and began to twitch as if he had an epileptic seizure, and then an almost inhuman scream of pain broke out of his lips.
John sighed and gritted his teeth for a while. Then he straightened his back and made his way towards Sherlock's armchair, he had to lean over his cane. " She told me that if she knew what wack I am, she would never date me..." He whispered as he sat down heavily into the padded seat. He covered his face with his palm.
John was leaving... He can't be alone, not now... He stretched out his arm to grab the leg of John's jeans but even though his limbs were long, he couldn't reach him.
" Are you finished?" John asked nonchalantly, as if nothing has happened.
" Oi, forget it! You're not going anywhere! You're supposed to rest, remember?" He exclaimed uncompromisingly and let his hand fall back alongside his body.
Sherlock's cheeks flushed with pink. Sherlock Holmes was blushing." I haven't got mad thanks to my Mind Palace. I-I..."
"Sherlock, Sherlock, wake up, it's just a nightmare!" He could no longer listen to his screams filled with pain. He grasped Sherlock's shoulders and shook him gently.
Amused, Mary watched the detective cry silently and clutch his belly, and her joy multiplied when the thing she needed fell out of his pocket. There was nothing to stop her from hiding her earring into her handbag and cover her tracks.
Unfortunately, John's words haven't made the effect he was hoping for.
The tent sank into a few minutes of silence, the only thing that could be heard was their quiet breath and the hooting of tawny owl.
" Don't worry, the penny will drop as soon as I'm finished with you!"
At this realisation, his enthusiasm faded away like steam and the flat suddenly seemed empty and cold.
Sherlock tilted his head and it seemed like he was deep in thought. " Almost everything..." His 'egoistic' response made the soldier roll his eyes.
" Can I... Can I see them?" John asked slowly.
The soldier said in a firm voice and watched the tension melting from Sherlock's frame. He paused, giving him some time to digest everything he said before he continued.
John jumped in surprise at the deep baritone somewhere behind him and he was glad that he hadn't cut off his hand together with the tomato.
" You're welcome..." Greg replied, trying to lighten the atmosphere a bit.
" I love you too, you annoying stubborn git..." mumbled John and grinned at the detective. He bowed down his head to press his forehead onto Sherlock's. " You need to rest now. Don't move. "
Sherlock jerked at the sound of John's voice and nodded curtly. " Yep."
Just like three years ago, when he solved the interesting case and heard the loud knocking on the door of the bathroom, followed by John's voice grumbling about the water consumption.
Sherlock opened his eyes and squinted into the darkness, trying to orientate himself in the setting, but with a buzzing in his head, he wasn't very successful. He took a deep breath and jerked at a sharp pain in his stomach.
The detective complained, he needed some distraction from horrible images of memories in his head! He wanted to feel like himself again, to solve crimes and chase criminals with his companion!
Sherlock stared on his phone at least five minutes, his head completely empty. John didn't want him anymore... How could he ever think that somebody could love him? Or care about him at least? A huge wave of self-loathing almost suffocated him. They were right about me, they always were. After all, I'm an only sociopath, freak, emotionless machine...
Have a nice day,
Today 11:11 PM
" Sleep well, my stubborn detective... I'll protect you..." The doctor spoke softly when he was sure that the man was sleeping. In the complete silence, he watched his peaceful features, his calm, smooth eyelids, relaxed facial muscles, his cheeks so soft as the baby's bottom, slightly smiling lips. He listened to his steady breath, gazed at his rising and falling chest, he could easily count every inhales and exhales.
John Watson has never done anything to deserve such a betrayal! He'll be devastated when he finds out that the woman who helped him to get through Sherlock's death had played just an insidious, nasty game!
Suddenly, Sherlock felt unbearable urge to get high on something, absolutely anything. Escape from reality, from all this misery. His left arm twitched, he couldn't stop the shake of his limb. The small voice inside his head kept whispering that John would be so disappointed. And Mycroft too. Mycroft...
" You were right, you know? That I'm afraid of it for some reason..." The Consulting Detective paused for a few seconds as he ordered his thoughts and then continued.
" Well, that's... it was supposed to be a jumper... I... I wanted to throw it away...I tried so hard, I did my best to make this... To compensate a little bit you that yours which I've damaged... I hoped it would look good but... I failed..." Sherlock's voice faded as he admitted his failure.
Sherlock sneered, his face finally became more Sherlockish. " Obviously..."
PaulineHolmes02
A hurt expression ran across the detective's features and the look in his eyes hardened.
" Thank you, Myc... I'm sorry I wasn't a proper brother..."
"Oh, you're awake... I can't sleep..." admitted Sherlock.
The British Government took a deep breath. " He's not completely fine, he had been through a lot, but he's getting better now..."
But his wish wasn't heard... " I'm not going anywhere, Sherlock!" John raised his voice again, filled with an impatience. Sherlock knew this tone, it was almost a last stage, only one left and John will explode. He was well aware that John was a hot-head, it was quite easy to wind him up. And Sherlock became a master in that, especially with his experiments. But on the defence of his, he did not make it on purpose...
He almost cringed when he saw the tired man in duvets, he wasn't easy to eyes. The detective seemed so small and vulnerable. His skin highly contrasted with his raven-black messy hair, he was white like a sheet. His every-time prominent cheekbones were even more protruded, his pale skin tightened over them it seemed it will rip from the pressure of sharp bones.
" He can mock me..." He said almost in a whisper, and he sounded oddly reconciled. " He's entitled, I've been insulting him his whole childhood and in his adulthood too..."
" I will kill you..." He mumbled when he reached his hand into his pocket.
John really didn't want to include Mycroft, but as it seemed, it was inevitable. He knew that he couldn't force his friend to do something he didn't want to, but something HAD to be done.
(See the end of the chapter for
" Sherlock, stop acting like a brat, I'm checking to see if you're alright..." He said a bit more harsh than he intended to and as soon those words escaped his mouth, he wanted to bite off his tongue.
John squeezed lightly his pink bottom lip with his teeth and felt pleased with himself when Sherlock produced a deep moan. Then he loosened his occlusion and brushed his lips against Sherlock's swollen lower one, softly like a wing of the butterfly, to ensure that he didn't bite him too much.
John sighed " God, he's like a child! It's quite a miraculous that I haven't killed him already..."
John Watson was more precious than his dignity. So whatever she had prepared for them, he would swallow that to keep his doctor safe.
John had never seen him so vulnerable before. And why was he apologising, for God's sake? For losing his control? For being sick? For having a nightmare?
John's brows furrowed even more and he shifted his weight to the left.
With a last glance at his sleeping friend, he headed to the bathroom for a morning shower.
The doctor's heart skipped a heartbeat or two. Has he misheard himself? It wasn't possible that Sherlock would return his feelings, was it? " What? Did I hear you well? Have you just said that you love me?" He asked, ignoring how stupid he sounded. He could almost predict Sherlock's 'Stating the obvious again?'.
Then his eyes narrowed in confusion. " W-what are you doing here?" He stuttered.
" And I should probably warn you that it won't be perfect, I'm not a hairdresser. But I'll do my best..."
" That's strange... It shouldn't cause you any harm... Did you have something to drink?" Maybe he drank something which didn't get well with the dinner... Or lunch...
Because he still had to try not-thinking about touching Sherlock's cheekbones, force himself to NOT stare at his magnificent bum or resisted an urge to grab his hand just because he wanted to...
In any other day, John would just smile at seeing his flatmate who has always been considered as a Sociopath grinning like a child.
Suddenly, John realised those movements... He saw this once in Afghanistan... No, this can't be a truth...
" Oh, Sherlock..." John gave him a big smile with familiar dimples. He knew exactly what Sherlock was saying. He didn't want to badger him.
" If you're naughty, then your little secret won't be a secret anymore. You don't want these photos to end in John's phone, do you?"
It was no use, the doctor never gave up. " And did you catch him? Who was it?" He inquired, nervous about what he might hear.
Well, the grieving ex-soldier thought so back then... As it seemed, he didn't know her.
John flew through the room and bent down, well more likely he slide down next to him. " I'm right here..."
" I don't have an eating disorder, eating is boring..." The detective immediately defended himself. He felt no desire in eating, the digestion slowed him down.
Sherlock yelped and his face went white like chalk when something hard hit him in his belly. It was Mary's knee.
The tall man trembled underneath John's hands, his body shook with heavy sobs of fear and panic. His light weepy eyes stared into the dark blue ones and his irises darted as he searched for the clues in John's face " I don't know... It's..." He was getting to the point but he didn't get a chance to finish the sentence.
His blue-green eyes narrowed in concentration and he tilted his head to left, to see the corpse from a different angle.
John opened his mouth to snap some sarcastic comment but the silence was broken by the weird tone in Sherlock's baritone. " Come home..."
Detective's eyes watered, blood ran down from his nose and he felt a nasty metallic taste in his mouth, but he refused to give up. He squeezed her wrists, ignoring her nails that dug into his skin. There had to be some way to get out of this mess!
Sherlock sat in his armchair in the flat in 221B Baker Street and stared sadly into the fire, the shock and exhaustion completely transformed his face and made him look much older and vulnerable.
He wanted to scratch his skin raw with his own nails!
Sally has always despised him and his weight was offering a great opportunity for her to humiliate him, why didn't she use it?
What was wrong with him? It was just a stupid jumper, it shouldn't have affected him like this!
Sherlock pulled out of the grasp of his friend. " Don't touch me! I said I'm fine!" He snapped, angrily. It was a reflex, he couldn't stop himself. Suddenly, he was so afraid of the pain, that he's going to be beaten again.
The look of pure terror ran across his face and his heart almost stopped beating as he realised what it meant.
John's voice gained a professional undertow, after all, he was a great doctor. " We will work on it. But first, you have to finish your sentences - the full sentence with subject and predicate is a base of recovery..."
" How can you tell?" The young forensic, who's been sent with Sherlock to keep an eye on him - since Greg had some dull paperwork to do - asked sceptically.
" You are. " The detective whispered with no signs of sarcasm. John let out a giggle.
Sherlock sighed heavily and rubbed his eyes. " No, I didn't... He ran away..." His voice sounded so tiny yet so disgusted, disappointed with himself.
John always admired their relationship, one could say that it was just a landlady, but for Sherlock (and himself of course) it was a part of the family.
He would envelop him in his arms, but to be honest, it wasn't a good idea right now. Perhaps the physical contact could help him to relax, but it could also make the whole thing even worse.
It was beginning to make sense. " You've been tortured because of me..." Croaked John, his throat uncomfortably tight with anxiety. His shaking hands fell into his lap with a numb thump, his eyes wide and reddish.
An uncomfortable feeling settled down in his guts, was he really so incapable to keep a girlfriend? As it seemed, he was - his relationship usually lasted one date. But strange as it was, he didn't mind too much, maybe it just hurt his ego a bit...
Yes, the Only Consulting Detective in the world was lonely, broken and overweight.
For a few minutes, they just sat like that, the silence got interrupted only by John's comforting whispers when Sherlock jerked occasionally at the sound of the storm.
" Nobody knows that, not even doctors. You have to be patient, it won't heal from the day-to-day..." Mycroft told him the not-easy-to-ears truth.
He snapped and curled into a ball, turning his back at the doctor in a very familiar sulking position.
John rushed into the living room, red in his face. He looked a bit angry. " What is that?" He stuck the thing in front of flatmate's face.
" Just tell me, Brother Mine, you'll feel better," Mycroft told him and wrapped his arm around his shoulders.
But John was tempered, so much he didn't notice the touch of uncertainty in a friend's voice. " I like her a lot! I wanted to make a good impression... And you... How could you?! I look like a complete fool!" The doctor growled. What did Susan have to think about him when he spent almost the whole evening by texting his annoying flatmate.
Mary stroked detective's cheekbone and brushed away a few little tears with her thumb. " Oh, darling, he won't find out... Because you won't tell him..." Her voice hardened - at the end of the sentence she was almost growling - and her fingers pinched his face.
To : JOHN
Sherlock sighed, annoyed by the boy's incompetence. He pointed towards his hands as if it was completely evident.
His bony knees pressed against his flat chest, and on his left one - was it Billy? John's feeling of guilt even deepened, Sherlock didn't expect him to come then, that's why he replaced his skull friend instead of his real one.
He sighed and rubbed Sherlock's shoulders in a way he hoped to be comforting.
He sat down on the edge of the couch, grabbing his friend on both sides of his face and leaning toward him.
Sherlock flinched wildly and tried to pull away from him with such savagery he almost fell down. " I-I-I'm fine!" He growled and did his best to straighten up.
" Hey... It's going to be okay... I understand that you feel bad, but tomorrow will be better, you'll see..."
Sherlock tore away his gaze from the dancing fire and propped on both armrests to scramble out of the armchair, feeling achy all over from corporeal punishments Magnussen has been giving him and the physical effort his body wasn't used to.
Nothing was coming out of him now, but his throat and stomach continued to abuse him as it thought there was still something to get rid of. He just remained in that position, just in case...
John took a proper look at his flatmate and he wasn't happy with what he saw. Sherlock didn't look just nervous, he got a panic attack. His breath stuck in his chest as if the lump sat in his throat. The lack of air in his lungs made him breathe faster and faster, every inhale shortened after the previous one.
John moaned and curled over his belly. He clutched his tortured stomach in agony. His already fair face paled even more as he raised on his knees again and leaned over the toilet.
Today 10:29 PM
And suddenly everything clicked - the kick in his belly, Mary, earring...
John's nostrils widened with a rage, he looked like a lion in the cage. " SHERLOCK, I'm really not in the mood for your stupid puns!"
" It's a bit strange I have to admit, but we will have to get used to it...
He would lay there the whole day if he could, but his bladder began to demand a visit to the bathroom.
The pair of piercing, grey eyes looked into Sherlock's face and gave him his well-known '
" Take things slowly? And how the hell am I supposed to do that? My body betrays me! I feel like a complete stranger to myself! But why am I saying this to you? I have to go now..." Sherlock stood up abruptly and turned his back on John.
Sherlock shifted his weight to his right foot nervously and tried to escape the horrible daggers which glared out of John's usually calm ocean-blue eyes. If the look could kill, he would be lying there in the puddle of blood, torn to the small pieces...
Hello guys!
" I'm sorry, John... That milk wasn't put-up on you, I swear... Trust me that I did not arrange it..." Sherlock blurted suddenly, unable to hold back his guilt.
When the detective drank, John leaned behind him and fluffed out his pillow to make the bed more comfortable for the sick man.
John paused in a surprise and then realised what made his friend upset. The detective must have misinterpreted his words and thought that he didn't want to get seen with him, didn't he?
I'm at Harry, I don't know when I'll come back and I'm not sure if I want to at all...
John's face paled and the colour vanished even from his cheeks. He gripped him tighter. " Oh, Sherlock... I'm so sorry..."
And then...
The ex-soldier ran his hand through his blonde hair and picked up Sherlock's drenched clothes to put them on the clothesline. " Do you want some tea or something?" He asked and was about to make his way to the kitchen when a hand with long fingers wrapped around his wrist.
" Sally?!"
It was almost a miracle that his legs were able to carry him, even though the majority of his weight laid on the wall. The detective was leaning heavily on the wall, grasping onto it with his dear life, his fingers pressed to the plastering like suckers.
The doctor brought him closer to himself and pressed him on his firm chest, so Sherlock's left cheek rested on his breasts. He didn't care about what would people say, it seemed like an only right thing to do. He began to rock them back and forth as if he was carrying a baby.
" Of course..." John smirked. What a cheeky git..." What I want to say is that you have some characteristics which aren't very nice, but come on - everybody has! Remember that nobody's perfect... "
The steady banging of the knife against the chopping board echoed through the whole kitchen as John prepared the dinner. He stood at the kitchen unit and skillfully chopped the vegetables before he threw it into the bowl. However, it was surprising that he had all his fingers left, because his head roamed somewhere completely else.
The uncertainty of what was going on with that lunatic genius preyed on his mind and created the most horrible scenarios, one worse than the other.
" Speaking about him, where is he? He doesn't want to get seen with you, does he? Come on, Sherlock, admit it... Nobody wants a fat detective. How would you like to catch a killer when you can't catch your own breath?"
What the hell was going on? He felt so confused, as always, he's been out of the picture...
John usually dressed like this when he went out, but not for a date... Which could mean only one thing...
But the worst had yet to come.
The ex-soldier was well aware that his abdomen wasn't as firm and fit as it used to be during the military career. He knew that belly got a bit soft, but he didn't care too much. It happens when you're not using your muscles the way you did and John wasn't fat, no one would say that, just a bit chubby, cuddly.
After two months of being exposed to the physical and psychological torture, embarrassment and loneliness he has been left on the street, attached to the pillar right in front of the Scotland Yard.
" What?! Why you're not going? Do you have a date again? Do you remember the last one, don't you? I think you should take a break from that, slow down a bit..." Sherlock said in his 'know-it-all' voice which always drew John insane.
He sat down beside him and put the clothes back on the floor. Sherlock seemed to relax a bit and John was glad he could help. " Don't worry, I'm right here... Nothing will happen to you..."
His and Mycroft's mummy used to buy them a coke when they were ill, the soda helped with digestive problems and calmed down their little tummies. He smiled at the memory of laying in the bed with Mycroft, both of them tucked under the duvets, sweating under them, with thermometers in their mouths. They were really close with his big brother until he went to the boarding school...
John moaned slightly when he moved from his secure position, curled into a tight ball. " Stay... Please..." He muttered and stretched his arm to grab Sherlock's long pale fingers. Their skins met and it felt like an electric current has passed through them.
A few moments later the map zoomed in and showed him the location of his friend and Sherlock's eyes widened in shock.
" How can you tell?"
With his weak abdominals still flexed, Sherlock bowed down his head in shame, avoiding friend's gaze as much as possible.
" Oh, Sherlock... You have no idea how much you mean to me, do you? It's such a shame you can't see yourself the way I see you... You're such a special person, one of the most important humans in my life... You saved me so many times in so many ways, and I let you think that I have abandoned you... How can I deserve someone like you?"
" You must have eaten something bad... Maybe if you didn't overeat so much, you wouldn't be sick..." It has just slipped through his mouth before he was able to stop himself.
John cupped his face into his hands. " We'll make an agreement - we won't go to the speech therapist, BUT you will do everything I say, do you agree?" He asked, his tone was saying that he won't permit any exceptions. Sherlock couldn't do anything else but nod slightly.
He gripped the drink his flatmate was handing him and hesitantly sat down on Sherlock's big bed.
" I'll strangle him, with my own hands and I won't be guilty about it!"
Today 10:25 PM
His tummy looked like a small barrel as it bulged out of his torso and crammed inside his very snug trousers, and the way his hips and bottom squeezed between armrests of the black armchair made him feel like a sardine.
The detective bowed his head and lowered his sight. " I-I-I'm go-going t-to bo-bore the pa-pants off y-you..." He noted.
He took a deep breath until his lungs burned and closed his eyes so he wouldn't be able to see the disgust in John's face." WhatImeantosayIloveyou..." His words blurred together into an obscure united sound.
" Sherlock, for once - please, stop acting like a child and let me finish. You've got it absolutely wrong... No one is going to make fun of you, your brother is simply concerned about your health and safety..."
" I'm with Susan..." Said the doctor, his voice uninterested and cold like an icicle. " I'm sure you can handle your experiment by yourself..."
John was finally asleep after that difficult case. Well... difficult for him, there's nothing difficult for great Sherlock Holmes, of
"But Jawn..." Sherlock whined.
He got a very egoistic reply, just like he expected. " I am..."
PaulineHolmes02
Mycroft took out his phone and quickly started to type a message to John to let him know that he had found Sherlock and that he better prepare his first aid kit.
Beside the very significant weight gain, Sherlock suffered from a higher blood pressure and there were also some breathing problems connected with the lack of condition, but the doctor said that it should get better as soon as he drops some pounds.
" So you can take it, ran away and kill someone else? Like your loving boyfriend?!"
Susan worked as a teacher at elementary school.
The younger one brushed the bent man with a critical eye. " I hope you don't mean of yourself..." He scoffed, finding it very hard to resist to tease his older stoic brother.
And then she punched him in the face.
Sherlock rolled over on the other side and sat up, his eyes scrutinising John's face to tell whether he lied or not.
The fury still raged inside him and showed no signs of stopping soon. Sherlock knew that he had to do something before he goes mad. Throwing his legs against the edge of the bed, he got up on his feet and started to pace around the room.
" Do you ever shut up?"
" He has bled to death, but not from the bullet wound. There's a big amount of blood, which means that he has suffered a a severe injury to his stomach, most likely by a dagger..."
The ex-soldier rushed to him, threw away the blanket from Sherlock's feet and wrapped his ankles in the cool cloth.
" I'm glad you have stayed... But if you're here just because of something Mycroft had said-"
" I meant BOTH of you... Can't you just once behave like grownups? It's just afternoon and I already have a headache from your squabbling!" He rubbed his temples and ran his head through his blonde hair.
"You're back early..." He panted when he realised that there's nothing left to throw up, sat down next to the toilet and leaned his head on the cold wall of the bathroom. He let out a sigh when the cool wall tiles chilled his back covered in unpleasant, sticky sweat.
" Just let me help you, brother mine... I've got you..." He promised and together they stumbled towards the black Jaguar.
" I know that you miss your Work, but is it really worth it when your health is at stake?"
John's corners of his lips lifted in a small smile when he felt Sherlock's gentle mouth on his face. " Did you just - "
However, it faded quite quickly as soon as Anderson's companions took few steps towards him.
Actually, he still couldn't understand why was Sherlock acting this way whenever he was around him. He wasn't different than every other person, was he? He was his best friend and he really cared about him. Maybe even more than a friend does, he had to admit. But he could safely say that he absolutely didn't mind the way Sherlock looked like. Well, actually he did a bit, in the medical facet, he was a doctor after all, and he was well aware of diseases and risks caused by obesity.
Sherlock nodded. He seemed a little better than before, but he definitely wasn't alright. He was still white as a sheet, and when John took a better look at his face, he saw a thin line over his fallen cheek. He was making an impression of discomfort, as if he wanted to be anywhere else than here.
" You could have broken his nose, you fat sh*t!" Growled the first one while the second one raised his hand to strike to revenge his injured friend.
" Is that a stutter? I've never thought I would hear the great Sherlock Holmes lack his words." John teased him a little bit.
" Oh... Well, if you don't want my company, you should have just said it!"
" John, as usual, you see but you don't observe... You're living with me almost a year now, you should have noti- uhm-" The detective's usual tirade was stopped by something warm and soft. It tasted like tea and biscuits and beer.
(See the end of the chapter for
He thought and was about to knock on the wood when his phone beeped and announced an incoming text. Digging his hand in the pocket of his jeans, he took out his phone and frowned at the screen.
The former soldier felt a sting in his chest, his friend was definitely afraid of him. But whatever his problem was, he wasn't going to let it go. He let out a grunt, defeated.
" Surprised, yeah, I know..." Greg finished, knowing very well what was John talking about. It was hard to believe that Sherlock Holmes was just a human after all...
" Možete učiniti što sve želite sa mnom, ali nikad vam neću reći gde je John! Nikad nećeš znati!" (
" Let me guess... Mycroft sent you..." Sherlock said in a tight and calculating voice when he came out of the bathroom, finally fully and properly clothed.
John smiled at him and suddenly he couldn't stop himself from opening his arms and wrapping them around his friend. " I would never EVER think something like this, do you understand?"
The movement made the air stir and John's nose caught remains of smoky cologne, the faint aroma of tea and quite a dominant scent of sweat from the effort Sherlock's body made to deal with the cold.
Sherlock began to tremble." I'm not even surprised! If I was him, I wouldn't want me either... I have to be cursed! I'm so repulsive for everyone! Who could care about such a freak!" He gave out a hateful scream.
John realised that his last message was quite cruel, reminding Sherlock that he was single and the only person who managed to live with him, was John himself. But on his defence - he found the interrupting really annoying.
" Are you okay? Why are you texting?"
JAWN! - SH
Sherlock couldn't himself but smile but it came out as a grimace - his stiff cheeks complicated all facial expressions. Now he knew that John wasn't the only one who was worried about him. His brother often seemed like an emotionless reptile and he almost never opened up his heart. All the more precious these moments of truce were.
Sherlock's hand itched to punch her like he had punched Anderson, but he knew he could just make things worse.
He shooed those intrusive thoughts away and focused on getting the detective in the bed.
The ex-soldier slid his hand upwards, took the tip of the blanket and tugged it carefully under Sherlock's chin.
He had expected a lot when Mycroft asked him to help his little brother. But never this...
Mycroft's unexpected outburst caught up Sherlock's attention again and he almost jumped up when the man beside him put his hand on Sherlock's knee and squeezed it gently in the rare sight of brotherly affection.
" But... that's understandable, you'd be a fool if you wouldn't be frightened... It's so... pathetic to be... scared of the thunderstorm..." His voice faded into the whisper.
John clasped a fist on his lips to prevent himself from the gasp.
John, where are you? - SH
John knew very well that he was faking, but he was afraid that he would upset him even more. " You're not okay..." John noted plainly. " Can I clear your wounds? Some of them are inflamed. But if you don't want to be touched, it's fine by me. You can visit some doctor."
Sherlock shifted under the blanket and clenched his hands into fists. " Maybe you won't like it, but stay away from Mary..." He slurred, his eyelids felt heavier by each second. He desperately wanted to sleep, fall into a sweet unconsciousness, hopefully without bad dreams. " She's dangerous...
He would be pleased to kick her somewhere if the pain had let him. " Shut up! What makes you think that I won't tell anyone?" He growled through gritted teeth, even despite it was obvious to him.
Sherlock's hair stood up on end and he knew that he had to get out of here, but before he could take a step, he felt himself being slammed into the block of flats so strongly his head bumped into the wall.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock let out the breath he didn't even know he was holding and collapsed on his big comfy bed, laying back on the soft mattress. He covered his face with his hands and closed his eyes as he let out a quiet groan of frustration.
A few moments and cup of tea later, with John's willing help, they managed to get him into dry clothes - sweatpants and a t-shirt with a cardigan and the good doctor drove him uncompromisingly to the bed, covering his body with two blankets.
The detective shook his head in a way that did not allow any excuses. " I'll sleep on the couch, I don't mind. Furthermore, I probably won't sleep at all, because I have some work to do..." He shrugged his shoulders as he got up from his bed.
The asked one froze when he realised that the voice behind him DIDN'T belong to the DI Lestrade.
The man from British Government rubbed the bridge of his eagle-shaped nose and thought about what to say, feelings had never been his forte.
His cheeks burned in embarrassment when he couldn't do anything but prop himself against two men, allow them to lead the way to the living room and let them sit him down into his armchair.
he thought when waiting for an app to respond.
The sitting man took a deep breath and an obscure string of fast words left his cupid-shaped lips. " I'mafraidofthunderstorm..." The situation was so uncomfortable for him, he hated being human, showing emotions, exposing his weaknesses...
John's eyes grew wide at hearing the always emotion-less detective sound so tiny and insecure. " What? What do you mean? Why would I be joking?" He didn't believe that, did he?
He expected John to fight with him about the importance of cases, but nothing came. Well, something did, but it was far from a reply. He let out something like a groan and jumped out of the armchair so fast you would see him blur. He pressed his hands to his mouth and rushed to the bathroom.
His bigger brother frowned with disagreement. " Sherlock... I think it's not a good idea..."
When the water was almost seething, Sherlock reached up for two mugs from the cupboard and was about to put them on the kitchen unit and when -
" Sherlock, I AM happy. I'm the happiest man in the world..." John whispered into his ear and stoked Sherlock's curls.
Sherlock sighed heavily and frowned. He couldn't help but remember the last evening when Mycroft transported him to his house and found out...
I hope it's not too much OOC, please tell me your opinions, so I can improve my style and skills.
" Because you don't want me anymore... I deserve it, I treated you so horribly... " Sherlock whined and his lower lip began to tremble. He looked like he was about to cry. But Sherlock Holmes never cries, does he?
Maybe it was better that John didn't live here anymore, there was no way he could face him while looking like this...
He flew up the stairs to the second floor and opened the door into his room. His bedroom looked just like he had left it five days ago. His jeans were thrown over his chair, the book he was currently reading laid on the desk, right next to his UNTOUCHED notebook. And in his unfolded bed was...
The doctor immediately understood what was the detective doing there, when he hid in there. No wonder he was moody and tired all the time, it seemed that his attempts to workout didn't work as Sherlock imagined.
" Please... I can't sleep without you... " Sherlock admitted, half-convinced he will succeed.
" Sherlock..." He finally spoke, but it came rather raspy. Clearing his throat, he continued. " I said no such thing... I just don't want you to be hungry... Look, it will take some time before your stomach accommodates to smaller amount of food, but you have to take things slowly..."
" In and out... Again in and out. You're doing really well... Again... " He kept whispering into his ear. He felt so happy that he could hold him in his arms again, that his Sherlock was with him...
Lestrade put his hands on Sherlock's broadened shoulders and waited for him to raise his head and look him in the face.
" Sorry, what?" John has been used to Sherlock's fast monologues and deductions, but this time he couldn't catch it.
Unfortunately, that would mean that he would have to leave the flat, and he wasn't prepared to do so...
" I think you're doing well..." The doctor praised him.
" But enough of sentiment right now, it makes my teeth rot. We're going to Baker Street, John will take care of you. You gave him a real fright!"
Mycroft almost choked himself. What happened to him? Where was his cheeky sneer? He took a good look at him." I wish I could tell you the same..."
He felt exhausted as if he got knocked down by the train, his stomach hurt and his body became dehydrated as he lost a lot of fluids from his body because of vomiting and sweating.
John raised his head to face his friend and shot him with a dead gaze as his concerns got confirmed. " Sherlock?" John asked in the dangerous voice, which sent chills down detective's spine.
Yours PaulineHolmes02 :)
The deep inhale of air told John what will follow. He has heard it so many times that it didn't even surprise him.
John stared at a few words on the shining display. Suddenly he realised something. Sherlock almost never makes calls, he prefers to text... And there he was, calling him right in the middle of his date.
The doctor ruffled his hair in frustration. He had to fix it somehow..." Susan, I know it was catastrophic, but I will try hard to make it up to you..."
Sherlock took a deep breath before answering. It was there, he had to say it. His heart began to pound faster. " 'Ca-cause I-I-I'm n-not an i-illu...il-llusion..."
They laid there for a couple of seconds in complete silence, each of them deep in their thoughts.
John shook off his hand as if he burned himself. " Stop with that annoying stuttering! If you think that I'm going to forgive you because you're p-p-poor l-little Sh-Sherlock, then you're terribly wrong! I'm sick of your stupid games!" He yelled at him, every other word struck into Sherlock's chest like a dagger.
A few days ago Sherlock woke him up at four in the morning. It turned out he just wanted to show him what the nail would do in the boiler. He had something to do to prevent him from striking him.
John looking into his marvellous eyes filled with anxiety and tears. " Oh, Sherlock, I'm so glad you're alright... There's no reason to be scared. I'm okay, you're okay, we're okay..." Mumbled John as he tucked him in a hug. " Which doesn't change the fact that I'm still angry about your words... But I think that I couldn't live without you... " He spoke softly and began to wadle them back and forth.
To his own surprise, he threw his arms around Greg's neck and and a massive sob found a way out of his throat.
His thoughts were interrupted by John's hoarse yet angry voice. " Go!"
" John... He... He doesn't want me anymore..." Sherlock whined and buried his head in his hands.
Of course, there was many people who judged others just because of the way they looked like, but Greg knew that John Watson wasn't one of them, John would never abandon people he loves.
His eyes stopped at the fridge and he remembered Sherlock's new form.
Not even Sherlock himself couldn't stay here with the dead body. Not when the corpse looked painfully similar to his best friend. He buried his hands into his pockets as he walked through the corridor leading out.
He was staring at a message followed by a few photos. Photos from his fattening stay at Appledore!
Sherlock's heart pounded faster when the adrenaline swelled inside him. He pulled away from his friend and looked him in the eye. " W-would it he-help y-you if I s-said t-that I-I-I ha-have been ha-ha-having t-those hallu... ha-hallucinations too? Y-you w-were wi-with m-me, te-te-telling me t-t-that it's w-wo-worth it... t-that y-you lo-love me and you're wai... waiting f-f-for me..." He closed his eyes as the blood was burning under his cheeks. This conversation was getting closer and closer to his pressure point.
John took out his keys and opened the door. They walked in, took off their shoes and coats and went inside.
He felt like a coward, especially in front of his friend who used to be a soldier... His face burned with shame, and he didn't dare to take a look at the doctor's reaction.
The detective shook his head. Of course, it was a lie, his whole back was killing him, the inflamed wounds stung his skin.
John sighed heavily. He hoped that the apology will work, he wanted to show him how much he regrets everything he has done to him. " Sherlock, if it's about what happened in that restaurant, I'm sorry... I've never meant to hit you..." His words were interrupted by another notification.
He approached the door when the other man stopped him.
" I don't want to be a burden..." Sherlock whispered and dropped the stone mask he wore the whole time, revealing how broken, shaken and exhausted he was.
Sherlock gasped, he didn't expect that. Well, he didn't even dare hope for this and there he was, laying inside the sleeping bag with the man who used to be in the military, declared himself as a straight and managed to live with him for longer than a week. In short, he was kissing the man he has fallen in love with since the first day they met.
Mycroft passed through the room and bent next to him. " What happened, Sherlock?" He asked softly.
Something hefty and warm was pressed against his body, entangled around his trunk like an octopus with its tentacles, and something soft and fluffy tickled his cheek.
Her piercing blue eyes glared daggers into his and her lips were curled into a nasty frown.
"Right...right." He climbed on the bed, and hover over Sherlock, both realizing that it was basically the first time they were on this position, eye to eye, on the
The silence that followed wasn’t oppressive. It was much more satisfied then anything else, and Sherlock was surprise to discover he was almost sleepy. Also sticky and cum-covered, but that had been the closest he had been of being really satisfied so far. Damn, he could probably solve half of those cases now with a glance!
"Among hookers?!"
Sherlock’s vision hadn’t come back from white yet when he felt John’s
"It’s fantasy. I facilitates me imagining myself on those situations and… well, it helps. Godamn you’re only person that would make me explain the appeal of porn!" John laugh nervously "How did you do it? On your own?"
"Terrible!" Sherlock made a point at flipping open the laptop again and looking at the paused scene. "This one is thinking about dinner, the girl is coming down with a flu and the other guy is clearly constipated."
And he left, and Sherlock sat on the bed, extremely clear headed and still confused as hell.
"Well, clean the mess on the floor will ya? I’ll make tea."
He could see John rolling his eyes by the corner of his eye, before looking almost sad at the video. It showed a blond woman with small breasts being penetrated from behind and in the mouth by two almost identical muscle blokes.
Look who's back on their bullshit?! :} Yes my fellow perverts, this thing will finally be completed! I'll celebrate by starting another shameless smutty one.
Move forward.
As if on cue, the couple overthrown the blond man on the bed and the girl sat on his face while the boyfriend lowered himself to get a mouth on the other man’s penis. Sherlock was utterly uninterested until he looked back at John and saw the reaction. John was staring unblinking at the video, dilated pupils and erection beginning to grow again. He wasn’t touching himself, but he wanted, and suddenly Sherlock wanted him to want it, wanted to see John touching himself, even if it was by looking a cheap camerawork and cheap pornography. Sherlock invented a half baked excuse on his brain of why it would be good to know where John’s weakness lies but it was unbelievable even to himself. It was that thing again, that wish to see the man loose it… maybe so they would be equal in shame? Sherlock didn’t know, but he continued.
John got it pretty fast. He just eyed the casts (they left Sherlock with only the tip of his fingers out, and impossibilitate him to close his palms) and the back of Sherlock's trousers and a metaphorical light bulb appeared.
John looked at the towel, thinking. He seemed only slightly disconcerted, now. Somehow...resigned.
"This… what parts?"
"Really John, after what you are doing for me I don’t have any right to expect that you remain professionally immaculate." What he wanted to say was more along the lines of
" ...Yes." Sherlock managed, between teeth, his knees shaking already. His orgasm was building fast, and he didn’t want to make a mess in the wallpaper, and he felt it was the polite thing to try to warn John, but the part of his mind that was preoccupied with those things had lost contact with his language centers, apparently. "J-John, I… ah…"
War, Sherlock thought, was both tasteless and predictable. A boring little rich men's game, one that took interesting, diverse people and turned them into meat drones, breaking away and falling like flies. Even John, in a way... although John broke uniquely, a kintsugi person with cracks made of gold. He would have never
That hurt, a bit. Sherlock knew it was true, of course, he wasn’t an easy person… had never been one and didn’t had any interest in become one ordinary, normal,
"The blond bloke is out of sorts, he doesn’t know what to think of his friend performing oral on him." John took a sharp breath in, but didn’t said anything. "I believe he is going to try to maneuver this to more familiar territory, so he will probably flip the girl or push her back to the boyfriend so he can watch. Ah, second opt…!"
, and also brilliant. Absolutely brilliant! The more I want to punch you in the face the more I love you because that’s who you are, Sherlock. Don’t even know what in the hell we are doing but by god, I want to keep doing it!
“Here.” John came back and hand him his rubber mug, Sherlock took a sip of it. A car honk somewhere two streets away. “Postal stamps, then?”
while he did it. But he had been hard, unmistakeably hard and not denying it. Sherlock thought he had catched John almost kissing his neck, but then he was coming and then John was fleeing the flat saying he had to buy milk. He was probably on the stairs outside, willing his erection away, but Sherlock couldn’t reach or call him… feelings were not his area, and for once Sherlock could admit to himself he was actually afraid of what was going on.
- Yes I can.
), when John spoke behind him. It was the first sign of hesitation Sherlock had seem in him about this whole… ordeal.
And John crossed the tiny bathroom, yeah, and Sherlock was expecting the pain, but instead what he got was hands manhandling his belt from behind.
John still got
It was one of those human-interaction things that Sherlock could barely understand.
"John!" He begged.
"Right." Sherlock looked away. "Thank you anyway. I mean, this is… Just, thank you."
John made a very efficient movement of pushing down his underwear and Sherlock gasped, and closed his eyes, and breath deeply before looking at the laptop again.
"It’s ok, you’re tired, we can do this tomorrow." Sherlock said, before he could properly think about what he wanted to say.
"I’m not even… you know, forget it, hop in the shower."
They got themselves two hotel rooms afterwards, and John was tired enough that he forgot to help Sherlock with his clothes. Or maybe the little glances had chipped at his energy as much as they had chipped at Sherlock’s. In any case, he got out of the elevator and went straight to his room, and Sherlock, after a undignified battle with his own buttons, fell on the bed and ignored his restless dreams for the rest of the night.
- Maddening! - John muttered, Sherlock’s nipple between his teeth.
"Like men."
Sherlock even realized it had begun to rain outside. The soothing cracking noise was almost enough to muff their short breaths and the sliding of clothes.
liking
"… of course you have fucking kinks" John muttered to himself, and pushed his thumb in, and Sherlock made a noise that was not that far away from cheap commercial porn. It should be embarrassing, but he didn’t care.
John snorted, but he didn’t made the slight movement to fight back.
. But the position was as close as masturbation as possible, he had to admit. Only he could feel John’s body pressed against his back, and so it wasn’t so much masturbation as it was a sort of one-way-dry-humping. If John would ever show any interest, that was.
"Anyway, enjoy the lunch boys. But don't get used to it! I'm only doing this because Sherlock is in the state he is."
- Oh, I’m waiting John. This is just a taste… -
Yes, John saying his name like that, in that tone, the good kind of desperate, made Sherlock feel
"Why?! I never saw the appeal of porn."
"Well, I’ll let you to it then." Sherlock said, getting up, but John stop him with a hand at his elbow.
He only realized the small found smile playing on John’s lips when both of his hands were cupping his face, and Sherlock smiled back almost in the same way.
- God, why… you’re so good, Sherlock, so… ahn… Sherlo--
Sherlock thought, not for the first time. What came out of his mouth was more of a request.
And here we are, at the end of this filthy thing that took a turn to fluffy and I didn't even noticed. Thank you for all the kind comments, I love you guys!
next time, again in the bathroom against the sink because “it’s easier to clean” and seemed to be somehow frustrated with himself that he couldn’t keep his cock nice and flaccid for the five minutes it was taking Sherlock to come. Sherlock, by his turn, was not only embarrassed by the fact that he needed this at all but also by the sheer force of his orgasms and by how little he was able to resist them. They didn’t talk, during, and afterward John seemed pretty adamant to discuss the latest experiment with Sherlock like they had been just sorting the laundry. Sherlock indulged him. He still didn’t know what to say, and he still couldn't pin down the reason why plain vanilla straight John was making him trash around like a teenager on the back of a car.
). For a moment or two, it seemed that everything that Sherlock could feel was John’s firmly holding his cock up and his back radiating embarrassing heat. Then John begun to move.
John looked down, fiddled with the remote, then looked back up, this time directly at Sherlock.
Yes, well, Sherlock's face was a bit of a mess. Sore, too. But he was feeling clear headed for the first time in days and for all he cared John could have had chopped his leg off.
“I’m sure we will manage.” Sherlock tried to swallow the thick thing on his throat. “You’ve been rather good as my substitute hands.”
Lestrade turned to leave, then he turned back. He looked a John, just a glance, seemingly deciding if he should say something. Then decided against it.
- How’s the taste? - John asked, softly.
- You still shouldn’t force your wrists too much for the first month, while you recover your full range of movements.
"Yes, that...yeah." John muttered, not sure where he set his eyes on. "You don’t need to hold back ya know."
Really nice pe--
This is weird."
"Always like this?" It didn’t escape Sherlock that although John was speaking with him normally, he wouldn’t turn to look at him. Sherlock pull his pajama trousers up to the best of his abilities to see if it would help.
"You're thinking." John said, many minutes later.
John more or less falls on top of him, and it takes him a few minutes to pull himself out and roll over a bit. Sherlock feels cum dripping out of his arse immediately, and the sensation makes his spent cock twitch. He could probably do everything again in ten minutes if John was up for it. And speaking of John, he seemed quite content in nuzzle his neck and catch a deep breath, eerily quiet as the rain outside still poured.
"I’m making you see even more atrocious porn then usual, what a terrible friend I am."
He made the whole speech with his eyes clued on the ceiling and arms lazily thrown over John’s body, but it didn’t meant his heart wasn’t pounding his chest almost as much as John had. A distant thunder rolled and fleshes of white light filtered through the window and Sherlock look at them, those undeductible things of nature, and hoped he hasn’t about to ruin his entire life.
Interesting.
“…is going to be good to be home.” Sherlock tried to convey his meaning. The thing they were stepping around, it was not the type of conversation he wanted to have thirty minutes before getting inside a flying metal tube with John for hours. And he still didn’t know what to say.
It was an odd day, they did
"I really don’t." Sherlock breathed out, swallowing his little noises as best as he could.
- That’s a stupid idea. I’ll consider it. - he huffed, then Sherlock made a quick movement and planted John’s flat on the bed, using the little strength he had left.
The state he was, Sherlock thought, was much more deplorable then their landlady would be able to guess from just looking him over. It had been a little over twelve hours since John last had put his hands on him, and Sherlock was already buzzing inside his own skin. Not the way he had been before, frustrated and unable to do anything about it... the buzzing was more on the realm of titillation then dread, and Sherlock had been desperately trying to understand himself and this stupid, ridiculous reaction.
"Right, the g-girl is...ah… I think her intentions are quite clear now…" In the video, the woman had positioned herself between the men and was trapping their cocks together between her tights. John looked at the video and back at Sherlock.
let himself be fussed with without protest. Then John turned him over to wash his chest and Sherlock tried very firmly to look sideways.
"Shower. I can’t risk all this grime getting in the wound and infecting it, is awfully close to your lungs." When Sherlock seemed to hesitate moving it, John let a huff of annoyance. "Really, we past the point of shyness don’t you think? I’m going to clean you properly, you can’t scrub debris out of you with this little mobility."
“Oh, I’m sure we can arrange a cozy little room for him, with all the others he tried to dupe.” Sherlock played the game, and soon Karl was singing a different tune.
"Really John? Isn’t this discussion already a month old?"
John didn’t catch it all, he couldn’t (Sherlock had always been one of those man that made an disproportionately big mess with every orgasm), and the goo dripped down to the floor. Sherlock looked down for the first time, he hadn’t realized he was facing the wallpaper so intently, and saw two strong and darker hands circling his prick, cum dripping, and the soft smell of the oil unable to hide the smell of recent sex.
Sherlock realized he was actually smiling, openly, at the end of that. He made an effort to rain over his features, but could tell he was as successful as John had been.
"So." John said, over a cup of tea.
Sherlock had no business wanting more of it.
"Wha--?!"
Sherlock didn’t particularly wanted to look, not now when he was so pissed at himself, the day, John mother-henning him, breakable bones… he started the shower and let the hot water run down his head, washing away the thick of the blood and ashes, but then he felt John enter the shower behind him and he turned over and oh!
"Not like that Sherlock. I’m glad is not easy, most of the time… jesus, you save my life on a daily basis by almost getting me killed all the time, you know that. Is just that
John smiled, his long-suffering smile, and nodded.
"It disrupts your masturbatory pattern." Sherlock interrupted him, still looking the other way.
John looked sharply at him, those blue eyes wide and confused.
It was over, and Sherlock said so on the taxi back to the airport.
like that, anyway.
But then John dragged his hand all the way up Sherlock’s spine, forcing him to bend more, perk up more, and Sherlock moaned loud, unable to stop himself. He almost buckled down when both of John’s hands rested on between his tights, forcing his legs to spread apart. John was panting, and his movements were slower, much more deliberate then they had been so far. There was a moment when John wasn’t touching him at all, busy soaping his hand, and then the pad of a thumb was pressed right on Sherlock’s hole, just a little pressure… Sherlock tried to chase it, to fuck himself on that finger. John steady him with his free hand.
John poked him in the ribs while the nurse rolled his eyes and went to fetch the sew.
- Alright, alright, just cut the damn things off already!
"But you w-want to…" Sherlock risked looking back, and John was so disvailish, and wet, and breathless.
But as he said it, his hands were traveling south of Sherlock’s body. Soapy hands. Sherlock didn’t try to contain the shiver.
"Hum...men." This question had been nagging John since the beginning of their friendship, although he like to pretend it didn’t.
The kiss is sloppy and too wet and it makes Sherlock’s broken lip hurt even more but it is still the best kiss of his life, so far, because John is the one kissing him and John is coming too. Sherlock feels it like a series of pulses on his body, inside him, and it tips him off right into a blank state of mind filled only with that very kiss.
The rest of the day involved crime scenes, cold sandwiches and calling Anderson names, which was a welcome break. It was already ten past eleven at night when they finally got home, John muttering.
. Sherlock thought, as John came closer and opened the front of his robe.
and Sherlock should know.
It was all really weird, very inconvenient and probably dangerous. But oh, so good.
By the time he had been thrown soup at for the second time, John pretty much had had enough (and some), and went full berserk to punch Sherlock's bonny face with all wild rage he could muster. Maybe if he broke his jaw too he could have a moment of peace! And the detective, admitting he was in slight disadvantage for not being able to use his hands, was smart enough to run. The chase all around the flat would have been rather comic if it wasn't for the fact that John's eyes screamed murder.
against something. Against John’s hand, maybe. Or other part of him.
betray him again. But he could barely admit it to himself, and sure as hell would not let John Watson know about it! Well... if he could stop the man, that is.
possible with a wall that was build three hundred years ago. And they are definitely modern, and as far as we can tell, Norwegian... but that's as far as we got."
"If I'm a mystery, you're the bloody Stonehange." Then, finally stretching out of his position, John got up and went to poke at Mrs. Hudson package. "Hum, dumplings! I'll get your sharp chopsticks."
"I don’t hate it." He muttered. "And you’re not making me do anything."
“Yes, I, hum, hit the table by accident.”
- Please, you need to fuck me John, please… - in a string of words, hissed out rather then spoken, because Sherlock isn’t sure he can hold back much longer if John really decides he wants to spend his time opening him up with his bloody tongue!
"God, Sherlock, you utter sod!" Was the first coherent thing that came out of the man, but he said it as he pushed against Sherlock’s throat.
It has been quite a while since the last time he had done it, but Sherlock could still command his jaw to relax, his tongue to curl and move, his gag reflex to recede. Honestly he would be quite happy to let John fuck his mouth completely, take all control, but John was fairly vanilla, fairly used to ladies with less accepting natures (and pharynges), and even if the surprise and the excitement had pushed him to be rough the first few thrusts, he quickly stop the abuse on Sherlock’s throat and look down, as if to say “sorry”.
Something inside his stomach flipped at least three times, and Sherlock put himself on foot before he could think about it. The last few weeks had been uncomfortable but this, this was fear, pure and simple. John like him?!
"No, now you started!"
"Who says I’m taking any precautions? Maybe I just…"
"Don't flatter yourself John!" Sherlock spit, anger and humiliation mixing to the point were he could barely stand the heat of his own face. He was horny, yes, and John was making it worse by being so fuckable (not that Sherlock dig that, he didn't dig anything), but he didn't have to loose the last niff of his dignity admitting that to John. "I would get reactions to a piece of stake at this point."
And then Sherlock went and made a mess on John’s bed. Quite a spectacular mess, when the first wave of his climax got him by surprise and Sherlock’s arms gave away and he felt backwards still trusting up, and his cum made an arch and hit his jaw line and neck and the bed cover by his side. And he kept coming still, over his shirt, and then over John’s hand... all over John’s hand.
"John..."
"I’ll do it. I don’t mind. It's obvious how much it affects you... your mind, I don't know. You only get like this when you can't think, and you don't thrust anyone with it." John had an embarrassed look on his face, like he was afraid to admit something he was good at it and sound arrogant. "I'm your least horrible option in a difficult situation, and it's fine. But I need you to tell me what it is that you need, exactly."
"Sherlock…" John said, even more raspy now. Sherlock realized he had been silent for way too long.
"No!" And Sherlock was back, right back in John’s personal space, then out again, scared brainless… which was a very new feeling, all of his intellect useless against the fear of… Sherlock wasn’t even sure fear of what. The
- I don’t care. - Sherlock uses the position to push John’s pajama pant’s down, as best as he can (at least out of the way of his cock, who is even nicer than Sherlock remembers), planting his own feet on the mattress with legs as open as possible. John drops the lube, then fumbles with his pants until they are out of his person before getting the bottle back.
"Yep."John agreed, facing the TV again. "Fine. Technique?"
- The worse tease! Wriggling this beautiful arse on me, moaning like that for weeks on end… - John run his fingers, just the tips, all over Sherlock’s torso. - And your mouth, I think I was loosing my mind over your mouth even before you felt on your knees like that and after… is going to be so hard to control myself when you’re around running your mouth like a prick at crime scenes.
John opened his mouth to say something, closed of again, looked away, picking at some stray fraying at his bed-cover.
"Get around without my hands made it a tad less boring." Sherlock smiled a little. He pinched a toothpick between his two index fingertips and took it to his mouth. "I suppose being debilitated has its advantages."
He was turned over sharply by two hands on his hips and nearly slipped on the tiled floor, but John hold him enough that Sherlock could stabilize himself by bracing on the wall. He didn’t try to pretend he wasn’t pushing his behind up in invitation. John just reach in front of him, not trying to pretend he wasn’t rubbing himself on Sherlock’s arse. It was all so close to what Sherlock really wanted that he was already feeling his orgasm building up, and he had to keep himself in check this time, he had to control himself at least a little bit more, give John the time to loose his own control… give them time to make this time count.
was something Sherlock didn’t said. He filed it away at the 'Wild thoughts about John masturbating me' mental folder that Sherlock was too afraid to analyze.
"The...noises. You’re not… first time you’re much more vocal." Sherlock felt that even in this mortifying situation, there was always something that could get worse. He didn’t even remember the first time except for the hot burning pleasure and the vague obscenity of his own expressions in the mirror. It had lasted so little time! And now his face, already a rosy pink, went hot red all over.
Sherlock felt his face lit red, before he remembered that he didn’t care (shouldn’t care) about what the quirks and weirdness of his
Now, though, he had seen John there, and he would be thinking about it all night, anticipating the day ahead, and suffering the hot pooling around his lower bits like an anxiety crisis.
"I know is weird! Do you think I enjoy obsessing over basic bodily necessities?! Or your state of mind? I do not obsess lightly!"
Then John positions himself, head of his cock grazing at Sherlock’s entrance, hands on Sherlock’s tights, and he looks up.
was a thought that hit Sherlock with a lightening clarity amidst the fog of desire, and it send him over the edge. He bulked, and the air got trapped in his vocal cords and he could feel burning hot cum filling out the towel, smearing on the length of his cock, dirty and delicious and, oh gosh, his knees really weren’t happy to have to keep him up! John helped, by crossing his free arm around his waist while pressing the last waves out of him.
John look over, and this time Sherlock saw his gaze fixate on the cum streaks that were drying on his neck. The blush hit his ears, and Sherlock thought about running his hands (his free hands, away from those bloody casts) on John’s hair, smooth them over those pink ears.
"Hum..." was the best thing that came out of his mouth.
He was, however, spared of the awkward breakfast silence by Lestrade's voice on the living room.
John stared, then jump with the sound of the toaster.
"You’re ok to do this now?" John asked, murmured.
"You don’t." It came out too fast. "I’ll… ask Ivanka. She doesn’t, hum, gossip much." Sherlock muttered, looking down.
"I… I have to… Hum." Sherlock did his best to wrap the towel around himself tight, yet the shiver on his spine had nothing to do with cold. He watched John get himself up, with a bit more difficulty, and a sort of resigned expression on his face.
out of him.
"Hum?" What on earth the man was talking about?
Thing is, Sherlock has always been a rude motherfucker. He was often clueless about basic social norms or simply could not be bothered. But he usually had the Work or experiments or whatever he did to occupy his free time with, and would at least not go out of his way to make everyone's (John's) life as miserable as possible. But now, with his two wrists completely immobilized by the casts for what seems like would be at least a couple of months, he was intolerable. Yelling every word instead of talking, refusing to eat only to devour other people's (John's) food a moment later, breaking things he
His throat wanted to keep working though, and Sherlock wasn’t sure why he didn’t seem able to stop the little noises, deep and needy, from spurting out of his lips. He focused on John’s hand on his hip, tried to... He had barely felt it before but John was holding him with a lot of force, enough to let bruises. John was wearing jeans, and Sherlock could feel the seams through his bathrobe, on his arse. He could feel what was beyond the seams. He could feel when John’s indifference begun to falter, when his cock twitched and when John tried to find a way to keep stroking him while trying to keep his own hips from pressing so hard against Sherlock’s bottom.
