“Sir?” Rumlow asked from the front seat.
“You’re a mess, Stevens.” Tony’s voice was breathy and low, his words sharp. “Inside and out. But this? You’re good at this. And I don’t mean the cock sucking part. There’s not really anything you are contributing to this right now, is there? I mean the being used part. Being on your knees taking whatever comes, no questions, no complaints. Knowing where you are useful.”
It was just a stupid threat — no way would Tony leave anyone tied up and unsupervised, but when Andrew turned over, his gaze was as full of pure adoration as if Tony was the sun and the moon and all that crap. Swallowing, Tony had to force himself to look away from the man.
Obie didn't move from his position and his face was far more serious than Tony had been hoping for. A movement to his left drew Tony’s gaze. There, at Stane’s car, stood two goons, each almost as large as Andrew and both twice as aggressive in their silent looming. The kid gloves were coming off, it seemed.
He came to a halt right in front of Steve. The feeling was foreign and familiar as if something were there and not there at the same time. Steve could only react by trying to relax his muscles that had coiled up into tense readiness. There was nothing dangerous here, only T— Anthony being spitting mad, but they would get through that.
“I realize that me being here is not an ideal solution for any of you. Some of you are worried that the ‘passing of a titan’ is going to affect our market influence and product quality. And subsequently, our performance in all sectors.” He paused and noted that most of the board members were watching him with genuine attentiveness, some were baffled, and a couple of old men seemed disapproving of him for even having opened his milk-fresh mouth, but it was going better than he'd expected. Tony purposefully didn’t look at Obie.
Andrew’s grunt-huff was not really an answer, but Tony set a punishing rhythm that was almost on the side of too painful even for him. He must’ve been also hitting the man’s prostate at least half the time though, because he held himself still, with his back arched in pleasure; just taking it.
Groaned.
He thought for a moment about it. “Not as long as you’re a good boy, at least.”
“He wants to go to the office again,” Lowell told Rumlow as soon as she got back to the apartment that morning.
Tony looked down at the readings on the detector. They were getting somewhere. That other Stark who had an annoying amount of hair left hummed pensively from his section of the analytic machinery they had assembled. “It follows the predictions from Banner’s model to a T, but we haven’t tried the more extreme ends of the spectrum yet.”
Rumlow had said they were supposed to impress Stane and not Anthony, but Stane still cared about Anthony or at least pretended to, so that should work out too. It could just be the right way to get to him and therefore hopefully to Pierce.
always
There was a pause. “If this is not working out, I can try and get you transferred during the next several months, but then we’ll need to be certain it will be worth it. Any idea which team or commanders could be Hydra?”
“What do you think you are doing? You ruined a million-dollar deal and now you are making coffee?”
Then again, whatever he was working on, it would be among the weapons the next wars would be fought with, and Anthony undoubtedly knew it. Steve’s heart ached when he thought about how that fact would hurt Tony later. He’d once told Steve that if he could change one thing about his past, that would be stopping manufacturing weapons the moment he’d started out.
Tony nodded.
The familiar stab of helpless anger is followed by intense longing. He rubbed his sternum as if it were just a phantom pain from the surgery after he removed his arc reactor, not the fractured emptiness in his very being. The image of the last time he ever saw Steve flared before his mind’s eye, and he clenched his jaw.
"Turn around,” he said coldly. “Facing the headboard. On your hands and knees."
Tony was about to make eye contact with Steve. The rushing stopped and all of Steve’s senses switched back online with an intensity that was barely tolerable.
And yet… It felt like he could trust Stevens not to stab him in the back. Jesus, Tony was a moron. They were all Hydra. Pierce had probably overseen who was assigned to Tony; no doubt he knew who he was sending. All four capable, all four beautiful. Was Stevens just making up the numbers but was not Hydra himself? That was possible. But even then, Pierce would have to be sure that he could influence the man.
He increased his pace.
Breathing more easily, Tony lied, “I didn’t ask you, did I?” He patted Andrew’s arm. “Stay.”
Steve’s head swam with the implications. Useful. Whatever would come after this, he didn’t want to be anywhere else.
Steve needed to explain himself. Make sure he could continue with the assignment. He opened his mouth before he had any idea what to say.
“So, you think you were right?”
Steve huffed. He really didn’t feel like ribbing back. The relaxation from the hot water was still fresh, and not even Clint would manage to ruin that. “Sure.”
Biting back another wave of nausea, he checked the tasers under his sleeves. Then, steeling himself, Tony looked into the peephole. The security detail. Serious, professional, non-confrontational.
“How about I drive you home and you can catch up on some beauty sleep?” Steve suggested. Before Anthony could also start complaining, he added, “Like Mr. Stane suggested.”
Tony pulled his left thumb out and smacked Andrew’s bottom near the hipbone. “Answer me!”
“We can keep an eye out for other things too,” Rumlow winked and nodded his head in the direction of some young ladies. (Steve was tempted to call them young girls although they might have been in their early twenties for all he knew.) He scowled at Rumlow.
'You didn’t put your mouthguard in,' Tony let him know via a glare and a sharp left hook.
Steve couldn’t reply to that. He couldn’t say ‘she’s Hydra.’ He didn’t even know if that was true. “You know she’s a honeypot.”
In the elevator, Lowell tried making eye contact with Tony but he purposefully ignored her. She glanced at Steve and exited for their tiny, tiny apartment one floor below Tony’s with a smirk on her face. 'All yours' it seemed to say. Steve didn’t even blink at the irritation. She was not worth wasting his emotions on.
Rumlow turned around. “Still there,” he groused, but he didn’t seem particularly worried either.
Tony still had no idea. Maybe when the fight was over? He didn't have the time nor the resources right now anyway.
After a while, Tony noticed that he was petting Andrew’s hair. He froze, but then he saw how blissed out Andrew looked with his eyes closed and his posture slumped, even though his hands were still behind his back. God, Andrew looked pretty.
“Bodyguards are always a hit with the ladies,” Steve had no idea where those words were coming from but it was definitely his voice saying them.
What the hell had he even been thinking going to the gym during Stevens’s shift? He clearly hadn’t been. Because as great as the man looked in the suit, it was nothing compared to how he looked in a T-shirt and the classic shell shorts. Even with how loose the T-shirts were these days, they could not hide his amazing pecs or wide shoulders. His shell shorts, which Tony misremembered as being typical 80s, were also shorter than Tony was used to seeing on men.
He jumped up, the chair clanging on the floor. He noticed that he had grabbed the doll by the legs as it was, still folded at a ninety-degree angle and its dress in disarray. He opened the first drawer he could find and threw it in.
Steve was passing building after building, and for the last twenty minutes they’d all been unfamiliar. The few people that were still walking along the dark sidewalks got out of his way hastily or even changed to the other side of the street as soon as they could see his form in the distance. People kept saying that the neighborhood was unsafe after sundown, but Steve had never been lucky enough to have someone attempt at robbing him
“You know what I want to talk to you about. I promised Director Pierce new long-range missiles two months ago, Tony.” He came closer, put his large palms on Tony’s shoulders, and shaking his head in an almost fatherly way, said, “You promised Director Pierce new long-range missiles three months ago. And yet? No missiles. Why do you think that is?” He paused, shook Tony by the shoulders and continued in a sad and disappointed tone. “You know you are letting me down, Tony. And I don’t think you want to do that, do you?”
When, an hour later, Steve was sitting in the car with Anthony and Rumlow, he wouldn’t have been able to tell that the boy was anything other than well-rested. Steve was not stupid enough to actually ask him about it in front of Rumlow, though.
Steve looked at her over his shoulder again but she was already on her way out the door.
“Um… I’ll get up.”
Steve huffed out a breath, righting his pants. Tony wouldn’t see it coming. Steve hadn’t decided how to make the most of the doll and outfit yet. Actually, he hadn’t really spent any thought on how exactly this would lead to Tony being cowed.
Mentally nodding to himself, Steve casually walked from the living room to the kitchen and back. The apartment was secure, he knew that. He strolled past Anthony’s bedroom door and stared at it. He stepped out to the balcony, then pulled the curtains back, closed and shut the door. Walked into the kitchen. His stomach grumbling reminded him that he hadn’t eaten since breakfast, so he pulled some stuff out of the fridge and started to fill up on calories. Anthony was safe, and Steve was okay.
Steve tried to bend the doll’s arms, but there was no way to make it shrug. The face wouldn’t have fit the expression anyway.
“You won’t be around Stark much anyway. Just let Lowell and Madden do their jobs, and you’ll look smarter.”
in communications; how do you not see that?”
It hadn’t lined up with Steve’s shifts so far, or he would have offered to help Anthony with training, maybe even show him some jiu jitsu or judo. Well, the time would come as it was just a question of probability. He would also try to nudge Tony to go out on his next shift. It was good for him to get out of the house more.
Swallowing, he averted his eyes from the easy jog Stevens was taking on a treadmill and went on pounding the bag.
It was an hour later that Obadiah Stane came down the corridor, already a giant smile plastered on his face. “Agent…?” He didn’t seem put out by not remembering Steve’s name again. Steve had to remind himself that it was a good sign. He was playing the unobtrusive SHIELD goon convincingly.
His cock kept twitching. Had he really been this horny at twenty-one? His sixty-year-old mind rebelled but his body was buzzing. Tony stood up, paced his office. Received another phone call, which turned into a conference call where an associate insisted on
Anthony gave him the twenty-one year-old version of Tony’s best press smile. “Sure. I will think about it.”
But he hadn’t fallen off the wagon when the Chitauri had come out in the open, nor when it turned out that they had already lost, nor even after Steve had... under that bridge… And not a sip after experiencing his first hangover in over a decade a few weeks ago, so he wasn’t going to do it now either.
The weight of Tony was suddenly gone from Steve’s legs, and with a few seconds lag, he registered that he was opening a drawer and pulling out something. Steve stood up. He wasn’t exactly sure why. His pants were awkwardly tented and he had a vague idea that it was inappropriate and that he should be ashamed. This was Anthony. Tiny, young, freshly-orphaned Anthony. Steve was barely able to keep from slapping himself.
Rumlow turned his head and examined Steve from head to toe. Steve knew he was on very thin ice and did his best to look genuinely confused and not worried. Or on the brink of fuming rage.
“I could make you hard for me whenever I wanted and never let you come and you would love it.” Steve’s speech was getting less pronounced; it was just so much, so good. “Keeping you on edge indefinitely. Dress you up whenever no one is around.” He could see it, all of it while his focus right here was pinpointed on Tony before him. “You would be mine, and you would be good for me.” The rushing in his ears became louder, and there was a snap he couldn’t attribute but Tony was still not moving. “You would never touch yourself.” For a moment he wondered if there were cockcages for these dolls too. It didn’t matter. Tony wouldn't touch himself without permission. Steve growled out a moan. Maybe he could rig something up or just paint it on. Tony would be locked forever.
Tony’s head snapped up. “What?”
Maybe, just maybe the man wasn't yet so rotten as he would grow to be over the next fifteen years. Maybe.
The sound of the steps echoed straight out the door, thankfully not straying anywhere else.
No. That wouldn’t change anything either. He needed to concentrate on his mission. Charm the crowd, tell them about the new satellite and the better coverage, the phones one could carry in their pockets… Get the people’s imagination going… Then invite a smaller group back to his place; party in the lounge…
something naughty, right?”
Steve shook himself mentally and headed back towards the apartment. Maybe he was tired enough to manage a few hours of sleep, feeling less like having to be drawn and quartered for what he’d done to Tony — Anthony. He almost wanted someone to know, wanted someone to judge him. Make him stop. Give him some way to atone for it and then never let him close to Anthony ever again.
He got on the bed, dropped the tube and the foil packets, got behind the perfect, smooth globes of a butt he was planning to plunder in the very near future. Savouring the sight, he stilled and, for a second, just looked his fill.
“That it’s all mine. As is your ass and your mouth.” He pulls Tony down for a kiss, and Tony can’t resist, not after he’s stated it like that. He falls forward into Steve’s arms losing all of his momentum. He wants to cry, but Steve is kissing him, and instead, he moans into his mouth. It still sounds a little wet.
Tony laughed cruelly. “Of course, SHIELD — or Obie, whatever — told her to seduce me! It’s called a honeypot, sweetcheeks.”
He could tell Peggy. She would never let him do that. Not to Tony. She couldn’t. Steve had to believe that.
Tony doesn’t say that today Steve refused to fuck him. Tony had to fuck himself on Steve. On the last day, Steve has made it extra hard on him, but Tony didn’t care. It was hot to be honest. It still is, but the day has been long.
“Did you think I forgot about this?” The tip of Tony’s shoe was raised against Steve’s balls. It wasn’t meant to be pleasurable and it sure didn’t feel that way, and still Steve’s head insisted that he didn’t want it removed. “Do you think you could come from this?” The sound of Tony’s voice was intrigued, curiosity laced with sadistic fascination. The angle of his foot changed so that the sole was pressing on Steve’s cock from the top. “A wet patch right there and a shoe print to go with it. And then we will have the rest of this nice evening out there, making sure everyone gets a chance to see.” The pressure increased again and Steve whimpered around Tony’s cock. “Aww, you would like that wouldn’t you? Let people know just what kind of big, dumb brute you are. The one who gets his face stuffed in a back room at the first opportunity, who only carries condoms because his CO suggested it. The one who gets himself in trouble just so I take him to task again.”
Also I'll give bulletpoints of emotional development at the beginning of ch 6. So you can skip that last scene if you want.
Tony’s mouth was dry and with determination, he took a sip of his juice.
Having lost all sense of direction, Steve was falling. This was everything he’d always wa— Had he? Wanted it? Steve didn’t know. The kiss felt absolutely right and also so, so wrong. Their mouths were clashing together; there wasn’t anything sweet or tentative about it. Tony was setting the pace and Steve was struggling to keep up. Steve’s hands found Tony’s hips but he didn’t dare to do more than to hold on lightly. When Tony leaned away, he let his eyes wander over Steve’s face, still so obviously angry and calculating.
And as if to prove Tony’s point, Steve’s breathing does get heavier. He skates his hand up and down Tony’s sides, watching him like he can’t get enough of it. Tony rolls his hips. Steve has literally the keys to his sexual gratification, but Tony knows everything about Steve’s pressure points too. They are on the home stretch; not long and Tony will have his tally up to a hundred and Steve will unlock him, and he doesn’t know if he will be conscious for what comes after, but at least he’ll be done with it.
“Popsicle.” It was the first thing that came to mind, and Steve tried to not think of the version of him that was still lost and frozen.
The model was good enough, and after several more tests to waste their time, Stark agreed. Now, they would just need to deal with two more things; all their friends trying to stop them and god Doom. Tony took a swig from his second flask while Banner and Stark were doing a last check on his armors.
What was that? Lowell was going to stay alone with him all night? For some reason, the idea didn't sit well with him. It wasn't jealousy, Steve told himself. At least not only that.
Banner and Stark discussed what their guys' reactions to their deviance and strategy would be.
“You good there?”
Steve drove while glancing at Anthony in the rearview mirror; going by his behavior, Tony didn’t even notice there was a third person in the car. Upon arrival, Steve was shown to the building security while Rumlow went up with Tony. He called Steve five minutes later.
The silence stretched.
With a start, Steve realized that yes, none of the spaces Tony regularly occupied had alcohol in them, but wasn’t young Tony supposed to be a heavy drinker already? Or would that come later? Steve hadn’t noticed because his frame of reference was the older Tony, but did it actually make sense for Anthony? Stane’s words were certainly implying that this was a new development.
Steve didn’t think he had entirely caught up on the conversation, but regardless, his answer was a definitive “Yes.”
Steve couldn’t keep Anthony from doing what he did, but he could try to at least make a difference. Getting Tony to eat breakfast worked the same way it always had. If it was ready and close enough to the coffee, there was a good chance he would pick it up.
That last part, at least, made Steve feel idiotically happy. Still, it felt out of character, so Steve couldn’t stop himself from asking him about it one night right when Anthony wanted to disappear into his bedroom again.
Tony huffs into Steve’s neck.
“Then why are you bringing me food?”
“Tony, Tony, Tony.” Deliberately, Obie walked over the living room floor and sat down on the armchair in Tony’s direct line of sight. Obadiah Stane had never liked to be ignored. “You going to tell me what happened, son?”
Andrew made a quiet noise as he did and shuddered the moment Tony took his first quiet step toward the bed. How he even heard it was a mystery, but by the time the bed dipped under Tony, Andrew was continuously shivering in anticipation. When Tony put his hands on his butt cheeks, the man moaned. Tony rubbed the muscled globes and hummed in reply. He then drew the cheeks part and traced the crack with his thumb past the nub. Down first and then up slower and with pressure; pushing both thumbs in and slowly, carefully, pulling the walls apart as if wanting to see inside.
It was an inevitability. The way Stark was trying to get at Steve, there wasn’t really a choice. It was better than the alternative. The tension that was building between them needed a release, and if it wasn’t this, Steve didn’t dare to think what it would be. Tony didn’t show respect for anything or anyone. He was always pushing against anything that Steve said. He wasn’t a bad team player, not at all, but he had never learned to defer to another's decisions, to not be in charge of everything.
“History seems to be saying yes. Or what do you think?” Obie smiled his friendly ‘you don’t have to be afraid of me’ smile that had always worked on Tony in the past. It was only now that he could recognize the duplicitous quality of it, and it sent shivers of disgust down his spine.
(See the end of the chapter for
Making him take breaks was a different matter altogether. Even Lowell reported that he was mostly working during her shifts with occasional, short
Andrew’s eyes opened at the same time as his mouth did, and for some reason, it felt that the surprise in them was not only for the order but also for Andrew’s own reaction.
Steve frowned. Anthony looked a little bit more rumpled and had a manic glint in his eyes. Steve was just about to ask why he hadn't slept, but at that moment the door opened, and, of course, there Lowell was, with a paper bag from a cafeteria nearby.
Their shift changes were getting more and more sloppy. No one seemed to actually expect any attacks but Steve had a hard time getting rid of the feeling that Tony would get hurt as soon as he turned his back.
As his fingers were drawing the lines on paper, his unease returned. The optical resonator of the alien disintegrator flashed in front of his eyes and the metallic taste of failure filled his mouth.
Andrew here, preferably on his knees… Would Tony be able to come while riding the elevator from the top floor to the lobby if Andrew blew him?
“Give me a gun, I’ll protect you,” Tony quipped, before he opened his door and got out.
Unbelievable.
This was getting out of control. Imagining other people during sex was nothing new nor did Tony feel especially guilty for it — it didn’t hurt anyone if there was no emotional intimacy and he managed to still provide pleasure. Even imagining some young buffoon in the heat of the moment was nothing that hadn’t happened before, but that his brain confused him with Steve…
The afternoon flowed like molasses, and Steve was very aware of Rumlow and Lowell coming and going at different times. He thought about going for a run or doing something else, but in the end, he never made it off the bed.
Andrew whined, cut the noise off and squirmed. In satisfaction, Tony grunted in response and picked up the tube from the duvet near his knee.
Stupid. So stupid.
Steve knew he couldn’t just break Pierce's neck here and now. It would end his mission, maybe even get him killed, and the Chitauri would win. Again. But he still indulged in the thought. So much that he missed the next bit of the conversation.
“And I have a plan for that.”
Andrew had been slowly trailing his fingers up and down between his ass cheeks, probing gently as if teasing himself or maybe he was waiting for something.
"Let's switch," he told Steve before their night shift started.
After that, he sat at the kitchen island and stared at the rows upon rows of empty bottles. At least he didn’t have to worry about hidden bottles at this stage of his life yet. At twenty-one, he’d been drinking with pride.
“First your tardiness with the missile designs and now this?” Obie continued and a part of Tony had to hold in a relieved giggle.
Yes to everything, it seemed. Even Lowell hadn’t said no to him often. Was that some kind of a warning sign? No. Tony didn’t think so; not in this case. Andrew Stevens seemed to be enthusiastic and perhaps somewhat naive, so Tony would just need to be careful. It was just sex after all. They’d fuck it out and move on.
Someone had to.
With a ferocious series of jabs Tony managed to drive Stevens a step back.
"It’s for your own good. I need to check if your apartment is clear,” Stevens said, stopped the car two blocks further and got out.
Struggling to think of an excuse to drag Anthony away from Pierce, Steve missed the rest of the short conversation, but now Tony was slowly doing his rounds, and to Steve's absolute horror, Rumlow had left his post and was now conversing with Pierce. Openly.
“I hear there’s been some progress on your current mission, Agent Rumlow," Steve heard Pierce saying. "Agent Garett has been singing your praises.”
Agent Lowell threw her bag into one of the bedrooms and Rumlow told Steve to take the ‘fucking bed near the door’ in the second bedroom because he had no need to be woken up every time Steve took a piss. Which meant that he trusted Madden more than Steve, but right at this moment, he didn’t care. He was still dreading and looking forward to meeting… Anthony.
“He sure is keeping busy,” Steve said, wrestled his face into a generic smile and reminded himself to keep breathing through his nose. “I guess you’re here to see him?” He didn’t wait for an answer, instead turning around to knock on the door. Stane had the habit of rushing into wherever Tony was without knocking, absolutely used to having complete access to him at any given time.
All the levity that had unnoticeably crept into their interaction of the last few minutes was gone. Steve took a step back and knowingly or not, Tony sat up straighter and pushed his shoulders back and out, occupying as much space as possible.
“Your father had bodyguards too at one point, son,” Stane continued in the meantime. “Just for a short while, and it turned out to be nothing in the end, but it's smart to be cautious. So what do you say, Tony-boy? The day after tomorrow? I’ll send a couple of guys over. It won’t be so bad, you’ll see!”
A gulp of air filled Steve’s lungs without his permission. This was all Tony. He was moving his ass in small circles, leaning all of his weight on Steve’s chest. It was almost nothing.
Steve had no idea where the thought came from, but it seemed so much easier to accept at the moment than the fact that this was Tony. The boy was looking at Agent Lowell now, and the smile, twisting one side of the boy’s face up, felt like a gut punch. It was the smile that Tony used either to flirt or when he was challenging Steve. That was Tony; no denial at all possible.
As far as building that particular satellite, Tony had worked the public and the investors really well. It was too late for SI to turn back now without losing face and Obie knew that, so he had to tolerate Tony tinkering with the fine tuning of the amplitude modulation for the new additional forward error correction signal and wait until Tony declared it finished. It wasn’t the error correction that Tony was tinkering with, of course, he just needed the new unit to control the other satellites as part of the pulse emitting satellite constellation.
“Let’s get this model tested before we talk about creating miracles.”
“Mr. Stark,” Pierce held his hand out, smiling in the way politicians did during elections: friendly and on the intimate side of polite, as if they were sharing a secret.
The animal in Tony was still struck mute. He should at least nod, he thought, but the urge to just grab the man standing next to him and back him to the couch and do
Also, on this chapter I had really old comments from a D**sy which I suspect might be a real name and I am so, so sorry to have no idea now who you are! If anyone recognises themselves, you have me on Discord as WritingSesh - DM me!!
“You like it rough, huh?” Tony pushed in up to the first knuckle and Andrew grunted. “That looks pretty,” Tony went on casually. “It’s a shame you only have a wall to stare at.”
He got into position, bent his knees and suddenly, Tony realized that Stevens, the condescending ass, wasn’t big and slow, he was big and…
He met his new martial arts trainer the next night. Tony had chosen one specializing in several different fighting styles because mixed martial arts was what Tony had preferred in his later years and would serve his purposes the best now too.
Still, if you start reading the explicit part and feel it’s too much for you, you can skip to the end notes, I’ll give the important information there. At the end, I will also add a small spoiler that explains Tony’s state of mind for those who might want to see it, but it is a spoiler, so read at your own risk. :)
The shower was short and perfunctory; Tony didn’t even try hiding his semi hard-on from Stevens or anyone else. Even went as far as to pretend that Stevens was invisible though it hardly helped. He was aware of his whereabouts at all times. Thankfully, the other men in the changing room were politely ignoring his predicament.
He didn’t have time for it, damn it. He didn’t have the time nor energy to pretend to be… whatever he needed Obie to think he was. He needed to finish his arc reactor and the second gauntlet. He needed to charm all the board members and then he needed to figure out what his next step was going to be. Oh god, he needed to make sure Stevens’s custom care and cooking was not all a front for some sort of twisted form of revenge. But whether it was or wasn’t, he needed to keep himself from making another pass at Stevens.
“Get me a coffee, will you?”
Anthony was working on one of the benches, soldering something. When he noticed Steve, he jumped as if trying to hide the part he’d been soldering. His expression wasn’t even his trademark scowl that should have been adorable but made Steve's gut tighten in a weird way he couldn't place. Instead, Anthony seemed confused and weary.
Tony blinked. There was food at his elbow. Why was there a plate of risotto on his desk? An untouched plate and still warm?
In just a little while, Tony wiped the sweat off his forehead.
What he wanted out of this? Steve wanted to say ‘you,’ but he had proven that a lie over and over again. He kept fucking it up and Tony, just as always, had done a much better job of getting them out of the hassle than Steve was even able to comprehend. Steve had only wanted to do right by Anthony and that hadn’t changed. It was still the only thing he was sure about while everything else had been stripped away by time and circumstance. Tony was offering a solution and Steve only had to say yes. It was his biggest regret that he had not trusted Tony every time it had mattered. He had always had a plan where all that Steve had were pointless convictions. And now he was doing it all over again — doubting Tony. This Tony might be younger and maybe more thoughtless, but not less of a genius or a good man.
“Thanks,” Tony pressed out through his clenched teeth. He felt that if he let himself relax, they’d be chattering with shock and fear. “I need to…”
"We have contracts, Tony."
Tony let go of him and reached for Steve’s jacket as if his things were Tony’s, as if Steve had no right to privacy or possessions. Steve sank down onto his haunches, unable to keep himself up without Tony’s hand directing him, correcting him. His breathing was evening out as he watched how Tony found the condom strip and tore one off, dropping the other one on top of his jacket.
Steve reached out towards the doll, the other hand supporting his chin. As much as he’d hated it before, the way it looked now was more appealing. He had to ask himself if it was actually humiliation enough or just another thing Tony would roll with. Steve would need to play it carefully. Wrapping his large hands around Doll-Tony, he righted the headpiece with his thumb.
The pain in his head exploded, and he groaned.  The hangover felt alien and depressingly familiar at the same time. Almost routinely, he made it to the bathroom and threw up, feeling ashamed of his life choices as if this was really him, not his younger, stupider self who had still a lot to learn. It hadn’t been his choice this time, Tony told himself. It was this younger Tony who was to blame — and for a moment he felt lighter, until a voice in his head started scolding him for trying to fob off the responsibility.
There was no question of how much active participation was required of Steve here. Tony was taking what he wanted and Steve was there as an accessory to what he desired. At this angle, eye contact was impossible, and Steve wasn’t sure if it would’ve changed anything. The pace was brutal, there was no regard for Steve needing time to adjust or to breathe or the fact that he was drooling more than ever before. It was running down his chin, uncontrolled, as he had no time to close his mouth around Tony and no desire to. It was dripping down, probably leaving marks on his shirt and slacks. It would be obvious what Steve had been doing as soon as Tony was done with him.
He gently moved Tony’s arms down to his sides. “He is very patient and waits for me to tell him how he can be useful. He let me dress him. And I did a good job of it, didn’t I? Look at you. See how well those stockings fit.” Steve let his fingers trail up those legs again, only shortly hesitating at the seam of the skirt. His fingers slipped under it without flipping it back. “We don’t want you to look indecent to the world, do we? I would never expose you like that.”
Rumlow talked about security at SI headquarters, but he wasn’t very thorough. Not thorough enough, In Steve’s opinion. So he started to comment on it, but Rumlow glared, and Steve remembered that he wasn't supposed to be good at bodyguarding or strategy, so he clamped his mouth shut.
Or maybe it was all Obie, a voice said at the back of his head. Maybe Obie was just offering him an opportunity to fuck on the job so that he wouldn’t go out of his way to party for days on end, and Stevens was just added for his general appearance. Undoubtedly, Obie knew that Tony used to have a thing for Captain America. Yeah, that made sense.
So he removed the jacket, the cummerbund and was glad to see that the button line on the dress shirt was fake, and it had a thin velcro closure behind. Shoes and slacks were gone just as fast.
Tony closed his eyes.
That wasn’t even a lie. He had only heard an exchange rapidly growing louder but just as he was able to make out the words “Stark Industries,” they had obviously remembered their surroundings and lowered their voices. So Steve’d had to come up with something immediately. The only plan he’d been able to think of was barreling in.
Tony stood up from behind his desk to greet him. “Director.” An unpleasant current went through his body at the contact of their palms, but Tony was good at hiding things like that. “What brings you here?”
“Hey, no.” Tony’s brow quirked in amused consternation. “You stay level-headed for this discussion. I’m done with flying this thing blind. You’ll tell me what you want out of this and what you definitely don’t want. I probably can mark humiliation down and underline it twice, but apart from that. What are your hard limits?”
“We live together, Captain Overreaction. If I want to or not, I know when Clint lost a raid in his online RPG, when Jane and Thor had phone sex, and when you are acting weird because you ordered something naughty online. You are all just that damn obvious.” His demeanor changed from annoyed to intrigued in a split second. “It
“Don’t you have anything to say for yourself?”
Steve was fascinated by how large even his fingertip was in comparison.
A hand rested on Tony's shoulder just for a moment, and Tony’s heart constricted. He took a deep breath, sat up straight, took the glass, and drank.
His footwork had never been stellar while boxing, but his left hook was starting to become something that might even be helpful in a real altercation. He straightened himself and, frustration bubbling just under the surface of his (hopefully) calm demeanor, sternly told himself to not dip into the cookie jar; Stevens was off limits.
Tony’s face did something curious, as if he wanted to smirk but wiped it off before it could take form. “I have tools of persuasion they don’t.” He didn’t even say it in a sultry tone, but Steve’s brain supplied that connection on its own.
And there it was, a flat parcel as broad as Steve’s palm and around eight inches long. It was light, of course it was, which made Steve hold on to it that much tighter.
“And?”
BETA: VTHX and ASchmidts - thank you so much, guys!! <3
Stilled. Then started moving in rhythm and now they were both moaning. Tony was going fairly slow at first, stroking Andrew’s hips, squeezing and pinching his skin, but the channel was hot and tight and then Andrew started moving with him and soon their moans ceased, replaced by heavy panting and the sound of skin slapping on skin. Wet, dry, quick.
Despite how Tony had treated him that night, Stevens didn’t seem to hold anything against him. Even though they hadn’t talked, to Tony’s immense relief, it seemed like they wouldn’t need to: Stevens was acting just as if nothing had happened. From time to time, Tony caught Stevens’s gaze lingering longer than before, but he detected neither malice nor calculation. Tony was starting to think that a reassignment was not going to happen.
“It’s not a good time," Stane explained casually. "You know how the creative types are. He’s claiming he’s busy. Tonight will be better. I suggest you can start by setting up your surveillance in the apartment below and assessing the surroundings of the building.” He looked at his watch. “Come back at… ten maybe? I’ll try to be there, but if not, you can call me if there’re any issues.”
Unbidden, Tony shivered as the image of Steve evaporating in front of his eyes rose in his mind, and he pushed it away, choosing an image of another broad-shouldered blond man. On his knees or on all fours, Tony wasn’t picky.
“These are agents Madden and Stevens,” Rumlow answered. “You won’t see much of them.."
Steve snapped out of berating himself and looked up to where there was a small commotion. A grey-haired man had his hand on the upper arm of a middle-aged woman, almost dragging her towards the door. People around them were murmuring and looking around if someone else was going to do something.
“Here,” the dull voice said and a glass of water was offered next to his head.
For a second, Tony glanced at the man driving the car. Stevens. What even was his first name? Roger? Tony snorted.
After that, they went to a diner and ate in silence between Rumlow’s sniping over being treated so unprofessionally.
There was alcohol in this apartment. Strong alcohol; a variety of his favorite drinks.
“No.” Affronted, Steve leaned back, staring back at Tony, frowning.
He opened the drawer on his desk. There were pens and papers and a hole-punch and god knows what else. He dug it all out. He was sure he had put it there. He pulled out the next one, shoveled everything onto the table but still nothing. The third one he drew out completely and up-ended it on the floor next to the chair that still lay as he had left it hours ago. Nothing.
Twenty minutes into the shift change Tony stood up, picked up his jacket and headed off, the (future Hydra) goon trailing after him. The impostor was behind the wheel. Of course.
One day he would punch Rumlow outside of training and he would make it count.
Obie’s words are a meaningless string of noise, and Tony is trying to breathe in, count to five and breathe out and count —
Up until Obie showed him the letters.
“No. I’ll stay where you put me. So… four people for a two-shift system?”
Steve grabs his ass and lifts him off. A protesting gurgle is everything Tony can think of as a reaction. Steve sets him down on his thighs, grabbing his own cock in front of Tony’s caged one now.
It’s not
Steve put the chair in a corner where he would be unable to look over Anthony’s shoulder. It was very obvious that he was trying to keep them from seeing any of his developments. He tended to forget when immersed into work, but Steve didn’t get a glimpse at his screens that often. Not surprising, as the military or SHIELD could use any snippet of information on what Anthony was developing, but Steve was astounded at how keenly aware of it Anthony already was at such a young age.
“No, sir,” Steve answered.
And on top of it all, Steve had a shit poker face around Tony, apparently. Anthony.
Steve ignored the headache starting at the base of his neck. He couldn’t get headaches after all.
“That’s a part of her mission,” Rumlow went on matter-of-factly. “Just be glad it’s her and not you.” He smirked. “You jealous that he's getting some and you are stuck here? Eyes on the prize, sucker. Chase pussy on your off time.” Rumlow paused, then huffed, as if surprised. “This is the first time I actually think you’re acting like a normal dude.” He stroked his chin with his thumb a few times. “You know what? The Egg’s going to some fancy charity thing next week. I hear all the heiresses there are just ready to get dirty. If you manage to get under one of those skirts, I’m going to cover for you.”
Tony rushed into his apartment and, without stopping anywhere, went straight for the bathroom, still not saying a word. A minute later, Steve heard the shower and decided to start a pot of coffee as Tony was probably going straight back to work.
Stevens is not one of them, his heart stupidly insisted. Tony snorted.
With any luck, this version of Tony would be so different that there wouldn’t be a problem with  keeping the two apart.
“Get out.”
* Also, a warning for a possible second-hand embarrassment for something not related to sex.
So here Tony was, pounding at the punching bag with zero focus on his technique. He was sure that anyone knowing anything about the sport saw that emotions were driving him, but he didn’t care what anyone might think.
Tony suppressed his instinctual panic and, resisting looking at St— behind him, walked slowly to his car with purposeful strides. If Andrew was on their side, Tony was doomed, but in the end there was only one person who Tony needed to focus on.
Stane glanced at Agent Stevens still smiling, but behind his eyes something else was going on. There was no hope in hell that he wouldn’t know Steve’s name the next time.
When they returned to the apartment building, the super was waiting with the keys to the second smaller apartment that Stane had rented for them to stay at while on security detail. It was one floor down from Tony.
Clint had stopped eating and was eyeing them both alternately. Tony was silent now but still looked at Steve as if waiting for something. A part of Steve felt seconds away from ripping. He shouldered his way through Stark, not looking back to see if he had done any damage, and was out of there.
“With...your Captain America.”
“I’m glad you’ve come far enough to start thinking about the future, but this is not the way,” Stane went on, hopefully oblivious to Tony’s distress. “See how rattled some of the directors were? Next time run whatever you want to say by me first, yes?”
Tony had gotten that off his chest on the first evening when they had decided to work together. Nothing better as an icebreaker than the story of how you killed your fiancée.
Despite that, Steve didn't have a lot of opportunities to make friends with Anthony as he usually went straight to bed as soon as they arrived. Tony had always told Steve that his bad habits were nothing compared to his younger self, but what Steve saw was a very disciplined young man who didn’t drink, didn’t party, and got at least six hours of sleep per night.
Steve had deserved better. Steve deserved to live.
Pierce, who had followed the conversation with some attention, his freezing blue eyes snapping from Garett to Steve and back, said, “That’s fine; I think we were done anyway. The order comes from even way above my head this time. It’s not as if they explain every reason for their decisions to the infantry.”
“Tony, shut up.”
Steve returned to the apartment to find a grinning Rumlow already expecting him. Steve pushed past him, in no mood for whatever this was about.
“...Tony?”
Steve would go back to being a good influence just as he'd decided initially. He knew he had to, and he had the will to see it through. Anything else was unacceptable.
God, he wanted a drink.
Tony was silent for a moment, sipping at his coffee. Then he put the mug down. “Whatever. I’ll keep a professional distance from Lowell. She knows it’s over too.” He shrugged. “But that means no more posturing like what happened tonight because— Actually...” He turned to Steve inquisitively. “What did happen tonight?”
He slowed his breathing, hummed his contentment and realized that Andrew was still taut and shivery under him.
“There’s been an unauthorized entry on level eight,” the man explained, while rolling the privacy screen up. “I need to investigate it before I can let you enter the building.”
His tone turned concerned. Tony knew it was a ruse, but it sounded so, so fucking sincere that Tony’s heart twinged painfully.
Fuck, were these men even loyal to Stane or were they just Hydra? Stane himself wasn’t part of Hydra surely? It definitely wasn’t Steve if they were Hydra. Or even Obie’s cronies, it was n-not… Not Ste— not Ste—
“You love being my whore.” It’s not a question. Steve’s voice is warm, telling how much he likes it too.
There was a glint of surprise in Andrew’s eyes, but then he started moving and Tony quickly palmed his sagging erection, trying not to think.
“I know a way you can show me you’re sorry,” Tony said with a vicious grin. He pulled off his T-shirt and part of Steve felt like he was dragged back to the surface again.
When Andrew finally drove him home, Tony felt wiped out. His feet dragged him over the threshold and straight over to the liquor cabinet in the living room. Automatically, Tony opened the door and froze. The cabinet was empty, of course, but the fact that he was even standing here like this, was alarming. His fingers gripping the door; Tony stared into the cabinet and breathed.
Most of his correspondence was still on paper. Of course.
the voice went on.
“Yes.” Tony shook himself mentally.
“And Steve — please, be safe.” The words resounded in the empty shower.
“You hung around every morning this week and disappeared as soon as the mail was delivered,” Stark said it with an air of knowing that it was Steve’s private matter and blithely ignoring that fact at the same time.
“You think the threat is real?” he said, trying to sound doubtful but afraid.
The derision of the statement trickled through Steve’s intestines like hot caramel, burning but also addictively sweet. He stuck out his tongue, not expecting for Tony to place the still packed condom on it. “Hold that.”
“Oh, Tony!” Stane exhaled loudly, as if in sympathy. “I’m so sorry you feel this way! You are hurting, it’s understandable. You’re young, freshly orphaned, lost your mother. Of course, that’s got to be playing on your mind, but may I make a suggestion?” He paused just enough to pretend that he needed Tony’s input and went on without actually giving him an opportunity to answer. “Finish the missiles and see how you feel then. Alright? Because you know what, Tony? In the end, having the bigger stick is what saves the lives of our boys overseas, doesn’t it? Your weapons are saving lives, Tony! Not taking them! Just think about that and no rash decisions, alright?”
“I can be.” Tony shrugged. “So what did you want to talk about anyway?”
Tony rolled his eyes to cover for his uncertainty. “I’ll be on time; don’t worry about it.”
I hope you liked! :)
Trying to temper his response, Tony raised his eyes to look the hateful man in the eye.
“Something new? Hasn’t it been long enough already?” Stane said, with an edge of derision in his voice. “What’s going on with you, son?”
“Jet engine geometry,” Anthony answered without missing a beat.
Unable to move, Steve looked down at him. The picture of a deer in a truck’s headlights came to mind but his brain didn’t impart him with the knowledge of how he was supposed to align that metaphor with Anthony and himself.
“We’re boxed in here—” Stevens started, but Rumlow was already running out to the street, his own gun drawn.
Anthony’s head jerked up from reading. “I don’t like the word ‘problem’. What’s going on?”
“Four times.” Four times that Tony has asked if he could please have Steve’s cock in his ass.
And here Steve was — ready to kiss Rumlow’s ass, sleeping with young Anthony and no closer to the solution than he was five years ago. The only ‘accomplishments’ Steve had to show for his years undercover were punching people he wasn’t supposed to punch, going running for hours on end, and now he was apparently patrolling seedy parts of town hoping to find trouble, all without achieving even a shred of what he’d set out to do. Tony would’ve—
Fuck it! Tony unfastened his seatbelt.
The men in the room exchanged some words. One of them started tapping his fingers and the woman rolled her eyes. Dimly, Tony realized that he was late. He didn’t care.
It didn’t matter, though. They both knew that their agreement wasn’t made to last, and Tony knew where his loyalties lay. So, he made his way back. Tony made a split-second decision between the Trisk and the mansion and piloted towards the mansion. There was no way he would get to talk to anyone at the Trisk before Fury had him seized and questioned, and they didn’t have time.
He hadn’t been taking care of Anthony at all over the last few days, getting so much into his own head and his guilt that he'd forgotten everything else. Had Tony even eaten today? Steve had made a decision to take care of Anthony, and now he’d absolutely dropped the ball.
could it?
Andrew was taking too long in the kitchen. Looking towards the doorway, Tony was almost ready to yell for him to come back when he heard the steps and quickly looked down at his work. A moment later Andrew appeared next to him with not only a mug but also a plate with a sandwich on it.
“Is this about the car crash?” He shook his head and opened his arms, walking closer. “My dear boy! I don’t really think it was because your father was drunk. He might have had a drink, but he was always very careful with your mother, you know that!”
For over five years, Steve had been useless at infiltrating Hydra, and now that he was finally working with some of them, he’d suddenly managed to get distracted by his physical urges. Well, okay, maybe it was unfair to put it like that, but at the same time, he couldn’t help but think that Tony would’ve been so much better at this. Even if he went around and slept with a random pretty body, he would still stay on track regarding his mission for sure! How many times had Tony and he had a useless row just because of Steve’s perceived moral superiority? And with no positive outcome? The only thing it did was make everything even worse! If it were Tony in Steve’s place now, surely he would’ve already obtained the necessary information!
“Have you been surveilling me?” Steve put a sufficient amount of warning in the question, hoping it would be enough to get Stark to let the topic slide.
It took a second, but Andrew's jaw locked, and he nodded.
Pierce's eyes lit up at the answer. “Garett, why don’t you send Agent…” he left the blank for Steve to fill in.
The doll was about twelve inches tall, and its smile was far too accurate for comfort. It wasn’t Stark’s full-on shit-eating grin but the press smile that too many people thought charming. One reporter had the gall to call it ‘still boyishly handsome’. They should see him when Steve was done with him.
Tony was coming closer, moving slowly and deliberately and Steve actually pulled himself up to his full height.
Rumlow drove into an alley and parked.
Steve sprang into motion as if on auto-pilot. He reached the two before he had any time to consider what he was doing and removed the man’s hand unceremoniously. The man sputtered angry bits of what might have been insults if they had been at all coherent. Steve should say something, explain that the man’s behavior was unacceptable. Instead he was holding on to the man’s arm. He realized he was waiting. Every muscle in his back was already going taut, preparing for a fight, but the man’s swearing was just growing louder, and not making sense. Steve’s other side got repeatedly hit as he was belatedly noticing. It hadn’t registered as anything but slight pressure before. He turned his head to see the lady whom he’d tried to help swinging her handbag at him. “Release my Harold, you brutish lug. This is an outrage! I will make sure you’ll get fired for this.”
He tugged at his jumper. Checked again that the tasers weren’t visible. Good enough. He opened the door, nodded at Rumlow and stood aside to allow them in. He didn’t look at… the impostor.
Tony is exhausted. Not enough to give up, though.
Satisfied, he returned to the desk, finally opening his package and letting the contents glide into his palm.
“You are right to be worried.” He leaned back but made an effort not to look laid back and unconcerned, but merely appropriately confident. “Howard Stark was a person larger than life, and a lot of the influence and market positioning this company has accumulated has to do with personal relationships as much as the quality of our inventions. I know that I won’t ever be the man my father was, but I will do my best to honor what he's accomplished and try to be the CEO that this company deserves. Eventually, as the market changes, I might want to change some things about the company, but what I can absolutely promise you is that nothing I do will negatively affect the profit margins our investors are expecting. I hope that we all can come together and show our shareholders a united front to reassure them of an unchanged status quo.” He looked at Obie, as if looking for support and was not surprised to see the man’s cold eyes narrowed in what was probably fury masked as apprehension. “Because you know how our CFO is: he runs a tight ship.”
Oh god, he was awful. He needed to get this under control.
, and the sex they’d just had only proved it. Andrew Stevens, as far as Tony knew, was a quiet and well-meaning sort of person. Not bright, but dependable. Tony wasn’t one hundred percent sure he could trust him personally (he was a SHIELD agent, after all), but Stevens’s apparent earnestness had made something in Tony’s chest warm and now Tony had soiled their professional relationship with
“Shhh.” Steve pulls him down, ignoring how the pool of his own come smears in between them. He envelops Tony in his arms and kisses his hair. “You can try again tomorrow.”
“You have performance problems while being watched, Stevens? That normal for you?” Tony said in a bored voice.
His hands needed to do something more practical than just pushing the keys on the machines or writing numbers down on the blueprints. Disassembling whatever was there felt like a relief. A prototype of a processor, a gun, a —
He took off the jacket and put it over the back of a chair before turning back to Tony.
Steve didn’t particularly enjoy listening in when Lowell and Madden came back from their shifts, but he needed to know what was going on if he was to keep Anthony safe, as Stevens or just Steve.
He picked up the dress and put it on the doll. It required a bit of moving its limbs and pulling all the details into place but then that was already much better, wasn’t it? The black and white details looked quite good in contrast to the tanned skin. Steve added the small apron. It took several tries, and his hands seemed so giant all of a sudden, but finally, he tied a nice bow at the back. The headpiece fit perfectly too, and Steve wondered for a moment if the set wasn’t made specifically with this doll in mind after all.
Steve felt heat creep up his neck.
Steve nodded in answer as if it was normal that Madden was being forced on a double shift simply because Rumlow was a lazy ass.
“You should eat,” the mountain of a man standing next to him said quietly, as if not wanting to spook a wild animal.
THANK YOU for reading!! <3
That was fucked up.
“Well, sir,” he said, “someone needs to execute the orders, or the armed forces wouldn’t get anything done.”
Steve would never have looked at him like this. He’d never just submit meekly and let Tony smack him and order him about without saying a word. Nor would he let Tony rake his insolent eyes all over the feast that his gorgeous body was.
“I don’t know what has been going through your head. Or what the fuck the look on your face means now.” He made a vague gesture towards Steve. “But you can’t lug around getting in people’s faces like that.” He pulled the coffee pot out of the machine, although it hadn't run through yet and filled two mugs. “And I can’t let myself get intrigued by it over and over again,” he muttered, maybe not meaning to be heard. “I can’t get rid of the feeling,” he continued louder, “that us having sex just after you’ve done something dumb might be an incentive for you.” He handed Steve one of the mugs. “Is it?”
“About those weapons though — what about the missiles you promised to have finished in a few months? You’re still finishing those, aren’t you?”
He’d have to do it without drinking. All of it.
For those few who are reading  --  thank you! :)
“It seemed like the only way to shut you up.
There was a beat of silence. Then, “Alright, son,” Obie said, sounding genuinely tired. “I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“God, look at you.” Steve rubs his come off the cage with his thumb.
Tony got to work on opening his button and then slowly, slowly his zipper. Drool was starting to pool behind Steve’s teeth and it wouldn’t take much longer before flowing over and dropping down his chin.
A heaving sob broke out of his chest and, hacking out another sob, Tony managed to take a quick breath, too quick,
Afterwards, pleasantly buzzed, he sat down at his computer and, making sure she couldn’t see his screen, set to work. It wasn’t difficult to concentrate, but his efficiency would’ve been so much higher if he didn’t have to remain aware of his surroundings. A couple of times she tried to engage him in conversation, but he simply ignored her.
“Forget the deal!” the man spat, rubbing the sleeves and lapels of his suit as if to dust them off. “I should’ve known there’s no point in trying to help you.”
“What are you researching?” Steve asked into space that was only filled with the occasional clicking of the machine.
Just to think it through once again, Tony typed up the plan.
It started slow as it always did, he made the rounds, was courteous, made bucketsful of compliments and made people laugh, and as the evening slowly turned into a livelier event than it started out, Tony realized that he was enjoying himself.
Steve had just checked all the rooms when Tony, already on his way to his bedroom said, “I’m gonna hit the sack. You can watch TV or eat or whatever.”
Fuck. Tony took a deep breath and put the prototype down.
It had worked. The machine had worked.
Incensed, Tony lunged. “Fight, you ass!”
A/N: Discard what you know about MCU CW movie. Bucky really died in WW2, so the CW happened differently.
Steve must have looked as put on the spot as he felt.
Tony was probably joking.
Anthony looked far grimmer than should be possible with that soft, round face of his.
Tony pushed past him, not saying a word, and that didn’t change for the entire ride home. Steve got the feeling he was still upset but that was only natural. It was a busted deal after all.
Tony stared into Stevens’s hungry eyes. They started taking off their clothes, and despite still being a shrimp, something about Tony’s appearance was very obviously working for the other man. His eyes were roaming all over Tony’s body and in response, a self-satisfied smirk formed on Tony's lips. Usually, Stevens’s stoic, unmoving, almost unfeeling facial expression felt wrong for reasons Tony generally refused to examine but was inescapably aware of. Right now, though, the burning blue eyes were saying
And then Andrew said ‘please’ and there was no holding back any more: the pleasure exploded in his gut and balls and was channeled through his cock into the spasming hole. Milking him, milking and still moving on his cock, although erratically now. Chafing him and not that good any more, but Andrew was obviously still coming so Tony let him until the man collapsed under him, and for a short half a minute, Tony crashed on top.
Tony’s business partner was waiting in a private room as expected, but it had two doors on opposite sides and a simple window. Steve entered, and Tony didn’t even try to argue, being swept into conversation with the older man.
“If everything is alright, I’ll go down and check in with Lowell,” Rumlow said in a measured voice, “I’ll tell her we’re back early.”
This man here was one of the key people for why the future would be as bleak as it... had been. Alexander Pierce was the one who was actively laying the foundations for people losing the Earth to the alien force. And even knowing that the same cruel fate of mindlessness was in store for Alexander Pierce, too, Tony still wanted to just put his hands around that lily-white neck and strangle him where he stood. His hands curled up into fists.
Tony spit the mouth guard out. “You patronizing ass! Stop telegraphing your movements on purpose!”
He gasped again, but there was no air, no air, and he opened his mouth again to fill his lungs, but there was no —
Nostrils flaring in rage, Tony tried again all the buttons, levers and handles, but nothing opened. They must have modified the car after he’d ditched it the last time. Why was he even surprised? It’s not as if anyone would care if he died of heat like a stupid puppy left in a car in the mall parking lot.
"Yes. Yes, I think I do." And that was what made him see red. "It’s about the weapons, isn’t it?”
“Maybe Stevens wanted to show us his old stomping grounds. Although I had figured him to be more of a Brooklyn boy,” Tony huffed.
Steve blinked, and slowly the needlepoint focus of his perception widened to give way to the complete scene around him. The function security was there, demanding that he let the man go, and the guests were murmuring and staring, their altercation providing more entertainment than expected from that evening. Rumlow was standing close by, looking unsure if he should swoop in to tear Steve a new one or sweep in to help him get out of it. Before he came to any decision, Tony was on the scene.
"Undress," Tony instructed while pulling his own shirt off.
Steve nodded, and Tony didn’t say a word either until the door clicked shut behind him.
“I grew up in the city, and they are the best.” Steve hoped that Anthony would not ask any further questions. “I wouldn’t eat clams from anywhere else either.”
Guiltily, Steve looked back up at Tony’s face, grim once more. If he had found any reprieve in his orgasm, it was either already gone or he wasn’t willing to share any of it with Steve. Tony kept eye contact with him, while very visibly snapping a medical glove onto his hand. A fire, similar to the one before, roared in Steve with a vengeance, but instead of enticing a flight response, this one just made him even harder. The strong urge to roll up and hide was as strong as Tony’s order to stay put.
There was no conversation while they ascended the three levels towards the executive floor.
The doll was comfortingly silent.
The whole thing with Tony suddenly having a security detail — had that happened the first time around? Every day, Rumlow was on the phone with Garett, reporting back what in itself seemed to be meaningless snippets of Tony’s day, but which, when added up, would give a detailed look into his life and especially his work. As much of what was possible to find out with Tony keeping them from seeing any scrap of his actual papers or the screens he was working on. And if that all was not enough, if it weren’t for the security detail, Stane wouldn’t have managed to accost Tony as often as he had either.
For a little while, time almost lost its meaning, but since he failed to set his rhythm, he tired of kicking sooner than he would have hoped. Back to regular punches it was. When he looked back towards the treadmill, Stevens was gone, and instead, there was a random guy in a terrible neon yellow singlet on it.
“Want it back, don’t you?”
Tony barely remembered this apartment because he'd only lived there briefly while working on his second doctorate, and his main memory of it was that it was where he’d heard about his parents. The upside was that he knew where to find the painkillers.
“What is this? Are you my mom now?”
Almost two hours and several cups of coffee later, Tony felt marginally better. Or at least he told himself that he did, because the satellite project was finally in manufacturing, and at this point, it was really the only thing that was moving his plans along. At least Obie’s dissatisfaction with the general direction Tony had taken towards inventing better communication devices felt good.
Steve didn’t point out that Rumlow wasn’t sleeping either and walked into the kitchen, to ostensibly look into the fridge. After pouring himself some juice, he started putting himself a sandwich together.
Steve only noticed that it had been seven hours of turning in circles thinking about a man who was dead and what could have been, when Carmel, the old security guide, held out the receiver towards him.
“Is the US military not good enough anymore? Do we have to deal with… other factions now?”
Steve added a mumbled, “I imagine…”
“Not so big on arguing now, huh? Maybe the dress has taught you a lesson. Do you want to apologize? Make it up to me?” There was no answer. Steve didn’t expect one. “Maybe I’m done spending so much time and energy on you.”
Also already naked, Tony smirked. "Have you ever prepped yourself?"
Steve looked at Anthony far longer than he should have. Of course, those thoughts had already existed within that young hot-headed Tony. (Well, hotter-headed; Tony never had managed to evolve into a reserved older gentleman.) Apparently, the shift away from the weapons hadn’t just suddenly happened after Afghanistan; that had just been the nudge to really do something about it.
For a short moment there was nothing and then—
He calmed his steps and
It was a small black dress, as long as Steve’s hand, with white lace accents. The tiny white apron was actually not sewed on as he had expected but tied individually. There was even a white lace looking headpiece and white stockings with a garter belt, as well as a pair of flat black pumps.
“Of course, sir.”
“No, but it’s a nice thought.”
“You’re not my mom,” Tony repeated like an idiot.
Steve opened the door to the meeting room. Two heads swayed in his direction, the silence deafening in a way that said there had been a heated discussion just seconds ago.
“I see agents Stevens and Rumlow are very attentive tonight.” Pierce’s tone was jovial, ready to share a joke or anecdote. His hand landed on Tony’s shoulder.
They had twenty years between them, but Tony had an advantage. Pierce was severely underestimating him; everyone was. Simply by thinking that he was twenty-one-year-old, they were assuming he had close to no experience in navigating the corporate world, but Tony knew in less than a minute what it was that Pierce wanted, even though the conversation lasted for a bit longer than that. Tony had been right: Hydra wanted weapons for their human foot soldiers.
Seeing Rumlow’s ugly youthful face in the doorway put his dick instantly down, thank Tesla for small mercies.
"I'm sorry, Obie, I just don't think I can keep designing weapons anymore," he explained to the man again.
Tony cut him off before that became a problem. “Zip it! I don’t want to hear what the fuck you were thinking.” He moved closer, and Steve stepped back, swallowing. “Take off the jacket.” Tony sounded dangerously calm now. Steve knew that tone, he knew what was happening. This time, there would be no pleading temporary insanity or telling himself that he had no idea where it was going to lead.
“The DOD might ask for a discount or even another contract in return,” Stan continued, “but I’m sure they’ll not be opposed. You do know that the Kramer Group is not the first overseas company we are selling to? Maybe they’ll even want some of that fancy communication equipment you have everyone up in arms about? That make you feel better?”
“Tony, is everything okay?” There was another, more insistent knock at the door.
His fingers tightening into fists, Tony noticed that some part of his brain was weighing the pros and cons of pushing Obie down the lift shaft at the other end of the corridor. Then he remembered that behind the still-ajar door, Stevens was standing on duty. But it wasn’t really the thought of having a witness to his potential crime; it was the disapproval of someone else, the image of whom was painful to even remember, that Tony couldn’t bear.
He wasn’t ready. He had to wine and dine while pretending to be dr—
The ride wasn’t particularly long, but wanting to stare at someone’s back of the head the whole time could make every damn minute unbearable. Stevens’s shoulders were wide, his hands big, and his fingers looked —
He wasn’t. It wasn’t him.
The quiet keen Tony suddenly heard drove his pleasure higher, so high— so… A part of him found himself wanting to prolong the fucking. It was a moment of escape—
Underoos for help with the military ranks, and the rest gaggle of heroes for the beta (in no particular order): VTHX, ASchmidts and BuckyAboveEverything and AvengersNewB. <3 <3 <3
“Which means that in an hour I’ll
Slowly the tension started to seep out of his body, and he felt like he had run three marathons back to back. He hadn’t noticed, but the prospect of being alone with Tony had been looming over his head all day. And now they were in the same apartment and it didn’t change anything, so he should just get used to it. Of course Tony didn’t like having him — them around. It wasn’t about Steve; he was just one of
Tony snorted.
Tony shook his head and swallowed. That was impossible — how could Steve be here? Had Tony fucked up already? It had barely been three weeks! How could the timeline have changed so much in such a short time that Steve was already defrosted? How long…?
Lowering his head, Tony grit his teeth and stalked to the other end of the room.
Steve went to the bathroom to wash his face. He knew that he had only just showered, but it felt sticky and filthy, and he just wanted to leave all that behind. He tugged off his shirt, pants, and socks and threw them in the hamper. He scrubbed his teeth and used mouthwash as one is supposed to, and then there was nothing more he could peel back, and he went back out.
“You ready for another finger? Oh wait, no — that’s up to me, isn’t it?”
“Then let us discuss it, but it’s still a good idea to talk to the Kramer Group Ltd too. They’re willing to invest large sums—”
“Don’t think I will be fooled by you staying still for five minutes because I told you so. If I would roll you over, I know that stupid smile would be still on your face.” He gave the head the smallest shove.
Hi :) Long time no post. Here I am, still breathing and editing. Life has been crazy, but rest assured that unless I die, this story will be posted in full. Here is chapter 7, and this time, I don't think any warnings besides 'canon-typical violence', and just 'sex' are needed. As far as I can judge, nothing should be especially triggering. Let me know, if I'm wrong, I'll seriously consider adding the warning.
“Stark, what in hell are you talking about?”
Back at the apartment, he went ahead and secured their way inside, glad that there was a routine to fall back to. After he checked the rooms, he came back to Tony staring Rumlow down.
The wet trail of saliva on Steve’s cheek drew his attention only for a split second because Tony, whose eyes were glued to where their groins met, was rutting into his own hand. Then closing his eyes, he stilled and came all over Steve’s abs. He kept on fucking himself on Steve for a few thrusts, never looking up. Then he climbed off Steve and the couch entirely.
No. Tony started reading again from the top, but the words were still only penetrating an outer layer of his brain.
Obie must have assured them that Tony would only play a minor, figurehead role in the company and that Obie would ensure that the status quo along with the company’s success would prevail. Tony had interpreted it as distrust of him personally back when he’d done this show and dance the first time; he’d assumed that people didn’t expect much from an irresponsible playboy. Now that he knew Stane' real agenda, Tony saw what was going on with entirely fresh eyes, and Obies's overly familiar dismissal of Tony's abilities felt far more sinister. Therefore, what Tony had to do was to make people feel that Tony Stark was worth paying attention to.
That was obviously the wrong thing to say as Anthony looked at him with even more suspicion.
“No. Do you?”
?” he heard and tried taking a deep breath, a deep breath, a dee—
“Mr. Stark,” Rumlow said, smiling politely. “I’m Agent Brock Rumlow and this is Agent Angelina Lowell of SHIELD.”
a voice in his head said.
With a snort, Steve momentarily imagined Tony turning to Rumlow next, but even a painful twinge at the thought of Tony moving on from him didn’t have time to manifest as he realized that Rumlow would be more likely to punch Tony than sleep with him. Besides, Tony didn’t seem to like Rumlow any better than Steve himself did, and that thought was comforting.
Stevens shuddered in obvious excitement and foolishly, Tony suddenly felt that he missed the fierce blue gaze on him as if the locking of eyes was something he needed when having sex. As if he was about to make love to somebody he actually cared about.
“What is this?” Tony asked, trying not to react in any way before having thought it through. The mere presence of Obadiah Stane always put him on edge and now he was showing him these… “This is bullshit,” he blurted angrily.
Just as the oven pinged, Tony walked around the corner and into the open space behind the counter.
Captain Handsome, one of many.
“Claire, I’m going out,” he called out to his secretary while passing her.
Andrew shivered.
It wasn’t difficult, since both emotions were true enough after all, since his bodyguards would most probably also double as his jailers or killers if need be.
There was no denying that despite their similarities this was a marriage of convenience, so to say. Tony was here for the time they needed to figure the math out well enough to go to the Science Foundation, and then he would be off again to a universe without anyone sharing his genetics and thinking himself superior. Greg was probably laughing in his grave.
“You mean she is…” Steve still thought there had to be a different explanation. Surely, this couldn’t have been
WARNINGS: Alcohol recovery and Obie being horrible.
But that was putting the responsibility on someone else. Steve had done this and Steve had to be the one to put a stop to it. A harsh, cold bark of laughter drove acid up his throat. As if that hadn’t been the plan the first time. It had been an accident. Steve must have momentarily lost his mind or why wouldn’t he have just left? Why would he have let Tony do that to him? Or rather, done that to Anthony. Again, he was putting the blame elsewhere!
“I will call them and get a separate room,” Rumlow said. He hated any new location, and securing it beforehand was always a fight with Anthony. “Stevens can get the books you need.”
Anthony didn’t reply and Steve left it at that.
The moment Anthony was on the move again, Steve followed.
Steve felt his face heating. He should have had an umbrella for Anthony. He had been so worried about not thinking about him that he had also forgotten to make sure that he was okay and not getting wet before facing possible investors. At least that was what all other functions had been about, according to the other agents.
Tony did see. He also wondered how in his youth, he'd never noticed this terribly patronizing behavior. Tony had been such an idiot; right up until his mid-thirties he'd been grateful to Obie for even putting up with him. He’d never realized that everything he did was a deliberate manipulation and gaslighting with the sole purpose of undermining Tony's self-confidence and influence.
It was weird to repeat what had been a usual morning in his youth like this, but the two notable exceptions to his past routine were that he couldn’t hold his head underwater to sober up and he knew that hair of the dog was out of the question.
“No. And neither are yours.”
Tony was the one line Steve would not cross. What was saving the world worth if he let Tony be… used like that?
The feeling of power was heady, and Tony nearly couldn't draw his gaze away from the beautiful vision.
Without lowering his voice, Carmel said, “It’s your colleague who doesn’t know how a razor works.” He was obviously no fan of Rumlow’s tough guy look.
“I don’t know, son, but it would make sense to be cautious, don’t you think?”
“You should see Rumlow in that skirt.”
In his twenty-one-year-old body, adrenaline kicked in, blood rushed to his face and his hands started sweating a lot more easily. On the other hand, his acting ability and the confidence in his bluffing had also improved over the years.
Rumlow managed to actually hit a polite note for once.
They shook hands, and Steve grit his teeth. Rumlow, however, was gazing at Pierce with an expression of deep satisfaction. If he wasn’t Hydra yet he definitely was aiming to get recruited and knew who he needed to impress.
“What?” With some effort, Tony dispelled the figurative red mist from his eyes and tried for some semblance of normality. “No, no. That’s okay. I’m okay.” He tried for a smile and managed to finally look at the monster before him without the insane hatred in his eyes. Hopefully. “I’m really sorry for the…”
Tony must think he was a big, naive oaf. Steve wondered how to dissuade him before realizing that it was exactly what he was supposed to be thinking. “Yes, of course. It’s casual. It’s not as if the world depends on it or anything.”
Steve did not jump, although he hadn’t noticed Tony’s entry. He took a breath to calm his heartbeat and turned around. With the utmost control, he didn’t hide the package behind his back.
Andrew’s breath visibly caught; he shivered and in a controlled movement folded down onto his knees without taking his hands out from behind his back.
Tony swallowed.
Most probably, Stevens was going to get himself reassigned. Or file a harassment suit. One of the two. In any case, there would be no more concerned blue gaze watching him as he ate, that was for sure. Tony closed his eyes and started counting his reps in primes.
“I need to go to the university library,” Anthony said. “Research.”
Okay, no. That was too weird.
“You want to read the article and build the thing yourself?” Anthony snapped at him.
With observant eyes, Obie watched Tony stepping back in a seemingly uncoordinated manner and dropping an oily rag on the reactor on the floor. Stane’s cold gaze sharpened.
He keeps on bouncing himself up and down, and finally Steve can’t stay still anymore. His hips snap up against Tony’s ass. Tony squeezes. It’s about to be—
“Yes, you heard right, tiny. It’s nothing to be ashamed of. You don’t have to be big.” He put the pad of his index finger down on Tony’s hip. With his middle-finger, he made him buck-up at the same time. “Uh-uh. Hold still.”
Purposefully, Tony relaxed his jaw and, trying to appear contrite, straightened to look the other man in the eye. “I’m sorry, Uncle Obie. I just…” He looked for a flimsy enough excuse, but in the end, the best lie always had a kernel of truth in it. “I just suddenly felt so fed-up with it all.” He shrugged and sat down behind his desk, trying to look foolishly cocky. “And what’s the harm anyway? So I skipped one day at the office, so what? I’m sure they managed quite fine without me.” He smiled disarmingly. “Besides, I knew you were there, Uncle Obie.”
But it was imperative that the people he loved would never get to meet him this time. He didn’t want to create unforeseen problems for his future self when he came out of the ice. Maybe the other him would get lucky and meet some of them on some wonderful low-key mission where only a few hundred lives were at stake? Steve smothered a mirthless laugh.
“Yes, sir.”
“Thank you.” He kissed Lowell on the cheek and pulled his pants up. “Get dressed, beautiful. I need to work.”
What had it even looked like to Anthony? That Stevens was fed up with him after he got all he wanted? That he had used him and let him drop like a hot potato? Steve was making everything worse and worse. If he wanted to be a better man, he'd better start now. He almost missed them moving on into a room where a number of guests were already gathered. Several servers were making the rounds with drinks and food.
“You know you have to be in tip-top shape for this, Tony,” Stane admonished him while walking and poking around the room, looking at various gadgets and papers on all the available surfaces, even though they both knew that what he really wanted to see was lying on the floor behind Tony. Thank fuck Tony didn’t really need to draw up the schematics of the reactor these days; they were all in his head.
“I guess it’s a tradition. Like Christmas. Got to bring the family back together.”
So not only had he been supplying terrorists, but he’d also been supplying Hydra and the Chitauri all this time. He’d known that. Of course, he’d known that from the moment the Chitauri had come out into the open, but he’d never let himself think of it in any detail. There simply hadn’t been any time for falling apart. They'd had to mobilize and do it fast. There had been a war that needed to be fought; the next battle needed winning. And then the next. But the next win had been something they always struggled to achieve and soon winning had meant getting as much of the civilian population to safety as they could, and then just getting away to fight another day, only to hear that the other settlement had been wiped off the face of the Earth while they had been elsewhere.
Of course. Wanting to smile, Tony smoothed his facial expression and looked up.
Warmth still blooming in his chest, Steve’s gaze fell on the article open on the screen, something largely incomprehensible that seemed vaguely related to signal amplification. He felt as if he had seen it before. Maybe Tony would use the same tech later on in gear for the Avengers. That had to be the reason why it was familiar.
Another habit he needed to shake.
Tony had wanted to play with Andrew a fair bit before he indulged himself but he really couldn’t wait any longer, pulled his other thumb out too, quickly donned the condom and pushed his cock in as fast as he dared, as slow as he had to. The groan that filled his ears was his own but Andrew was pushing back and, with his eyes closed, Tony grabbed the hips and started moving.
“Do you have a safeword or do you want to think about it?” Tony was more patient with Steve than he’d seen him be with anyone in this decade. It made him want to break down and weep.
“Move it in and out,” he instructed intently, unable to think of anything but what he was seeing for once. “Again. Yes. Stop.” He took a deep breath, circled his shaft with his fingers and tugged in rhythm of Andrew’s movements. “Now tug it out almost all the way, yes, stop. Insert a second finger. Slowly. Yes.” He suppressed a groan at seeing Andrew’s shiver. “Good. Fuck, yeah. Can you do a third— No, don’t. Pull them out.”
You could call him, a voice said.
“I’ll never get that picture out of my head again,” Tony wheezed.
Another car ride with Ste— Stevens at the wheel.
“And he looks good doing it.”
He got up. He glanced at Madden sitting in front of the monitors, overlooking the main entry and the elevator on Tony’s floor. There was no footage of the inside of the apartment, and until an hour ago, Steve would have found the suggestion preposterous, but now he felt ridiculously eager to see behind the closed door.
“What?” Anthony snorted. “Are you also paid for cheerleading? That must be an interesting specialty training at SHIELD.”
‘I’ll just sit down for a minute,’ he thought as his legs folded under him and he slid down the wall.
As if waiting for a response or for his message to sink in he paused again, but in the end, before Tony could even get a word in, he went on.
Tony raised his head. Listened. He heard the door opening and closing. Voices.
Tony, drunk on power, demanded in almost a whisper, “Use your voice, soldier. Do you understand?”
survive
He got off the bed, rummaged in the two drawers of his bedside table and found a box with a medium-sized plug inside. “I’m just gonna put this in, so you’ll be ready for the next time, yeah?”
“It’s probably not a thing the talking heads look for but definitely something that is very much needed. If someone can do it, it’s probably you.”
“So, you’re alright with this?”
“And I want the shirt gone too. I think that is a sight I will enjoy.”
“The man was dragging a lady to the doors, seemingly unwillingly. Apparently, I read something wrong there.”
He tried to pull off the tux the thing was wearing in one go, but of course it just wouldn’t budge. He thought about ripping it, but so far everything about the damn thing was so well produced he was afraid not the cloth but the plastic beneath might take damage, and he would need to get a new one. He really didn’t want to do that. Having one in his possession was bad enough.
Putting his head in his left hand, he let his index and middle fingers wander over the dress, pressing the plastic arms together after trailing over them, rubbing at the spot on the ass he had hit before, then going back up putting index finger and thumb on each side of the doll’s neck. He let the fingertip roll along that indescribably fragile-looking part of Doll-Tony’s body.
“Shut up, Stark.” Steve hit the counter making something splinter. He couldn’t see what, only the short moment of uncertainty on Tony’s face.
He set the correct weight level for the chest press machine and sat down. Working out gave Tony something to do at least. Rumlow was sitting in the corner, working lazily with dumbbells while keeping an eye on the whole room, and Tony was pretending that the man wasn’t there.
“It’s like the brainless himbo doesn’t even want to be protected!”
For a brief moment, she remained silent, but when she raised her eyes, he could see that there was a newfound respect there. She must dislike pushovers. Reorienting herself, she moved her body subtly and a knowing smile blossomed on her lips. It was far more callous but it also sat a lot more naturally on her face which made her instantly a lot more attractive.
“Am I interrupting a date or something?” He smirked back at Steve. “You forgot the candles, Stevens.”
The conversation was in German, so Steve didn’t get everything but the general drift of things. The man offered Tony a seven-figure sum, but he wasn’t satisfied with getting in on that project; he wanted a piece of SI. Something that was clearly not on the table. Tony looped back to the project several times (“The future of telecommunications… much better reception... everyone will have a mobile phone, even your mother...”), but to no avail. In the end, the man pulled his chair closer, talking even more intensely at Tony, who was slowly backing his own chair up against a wall. When he had nowhere left to go and the man leant much too much into Tony’s space, Steve snapped forward and pulled him back by his collar.
Not nominally. But it felt wrong.
“I’ll try to ignore it,” Steve replied dully.
He sounded twice as old as the body it was coming from, and Steve’s heart constricted. Jarring as the idea was, it made sense. It sounded… reasonable? They shouldn’t keep sleeping together. It was what Steve had been thinking even if he hadn’t been able to follow through. So this… the fact that Tony agreed was good.
Startled, Tony whirled around on his desk chair only to see the big hulking figure of his least favorite bodyguard.
There was a beat of silence during which Tony naively thought that he’d somehow got through to Obie, that maybe, miraculously, he’d managed to change the course of history, that painting dollar signs in front of the man’s eyes had helped. But then, Obie’s gaze hardened and he shook his head in parental-looking disapproval, which at this point looked simply patronising and manipulative to Tony.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony blinked in surprise and turned to check for his bodyguard’s whereabouts. He found Stevens slightly to the left, sitting on a mat and doing leg stretches. Tony’s breath hitched: the sight of his shorts stretched over his hip, tight over his junk was mesmerizing. They were riding up, and the powerful thigh muscles displayed on his stretched leg... Mentally cursing, he turned back to the stupid punching bag in front of him.
“Better security, Tony. And I don’t mean hidden cameras to tell the police what your assailants looked like when it’s already too late. I mean real-life bodyguards that are actually nearby in case something happens.”
“But we are…” Steve stopped himself before he could say ‘assigned to protect him.’ Instead, he scrunched up his nose, hoping it looked like stupidity and not disdain.
He was ready to throw the doll down but rethought in the last second. Instead, he put it down face-first onto the pillow.
“Day after tomorrow. Our tuxes are getting delivered. You have an appointment to check out the venue tomorrow.”
But he still wouldn’t shut up. “If you had a bad day–”
Tony’s frustration breaks through in a loud sobbing noise that he hardly can believe is coming from him.
“I don’t care why you are not sleeping, but if you sleep on the job tomorrow I’m going to kick your ass,” Rumlow greeted him from the kitchen.
The design was drawing itself. Tony could breathe and his mind was at peace. For once, so was his cock. St—
“Aren’t you a sight for sore eyes?” he heard Peggy say, the smirk obvious in her voice.
“I apologize for my security detail. If the gentleman is alright, I would like to pay for a dinner at a restaurant of your choice for the both of you to make up for the ruined evening. I will have a talk with the brute here right away.” Simply nodding at the couple’s acceptance of the offer, he barked at Steve, “Follow me.”
