“Somethin’ like that,” Steve tried hard not to blush, opting not to mention one of the most popular reasons for visiting the statue.
“Come on, it’s time for bed anyway,” he pulled her up and into his arms, leaving the room without glancing towards the broken robot that was making weak noises as its ear was glitching up and down repetitively. Darcy wisely didn’t mention it either.
“Right. This is my little sister, Darcy,” Tony was unable to hide the pride in his voice at saying such a thing. “Darc, this is Rhodey, we share a lot of classes at MIT.”
“Ah, yes, he still hasn’t gotten the concept of putting his things out of the way when he figures out his problem.” Pepper sighed, affection clouding her tone.
“I could just get up and grab another cup,” Tony said reasonably, eyes flickering to the coffee pot on the counter.
Tony felt himself relax, a mixture of relief and joy filling him as he watched Darcy continue to pet the dogs head.
It had been a while since something shaken Steve so much. But, he supposed that radiation mutated, cannibalistic sub-humans would do that to most anyone.
So, firstly let me apologise. Oh my god, how badly edited was the first chapter? I’m using a new (to me) software writing system and it’s awful at picking up spelling and word choice errors. This time, I put it through word and some serious reading aloud sessions so hopefully I’ve caught much more before I post it.
He wasn’t sure if he was imagining it, but Tony looked as though he was about to say something before he made a frustrated sound in the back of his throat and threw up his hands.
However, when it really came down to it, he’d known what his answer was going to be from the moment Tony had asked.
“Oh, my god, Steve, do you sit there and braid each other’s hair and nails while gossiping about the boys you like or something?” Amusement swept through him, the image of the duo in that position almost making him laugh out loud.
Fury had to be an idiot if he thought he could keep Tony in medical any longer than Tony wanted to be. He stayed long enough for the doctor to say there was nothing physically wrong with him. His mental state, however, was another story.
When Steve looked up some two hours later, having just finished adding highlight to Tony’s hair so that they matched the gentle play of light from the holoscreens surrounding him, Steve found the man in question listing to the side slightly, eyes half mast as he tried to stay awake.
“Okay then; I’m hungry.” Clint said, evidently moving on from the weird and focusing on the more important, namely his stomach.
“Tony,” Steve tried again. “We promised Darcy that we would be up in time for that movie she wanted to watch tonight, remember?”
Chuckling, Steve gently pulled out from Tony, the other man letting out a small noise of protest. Pushing himself up and off the couch, Steve stretched as he stood up before looking down at his partner fondly. Tony’s eyes were mostly shut, his legs still splayed obscenely.
“Have you made some nice friends?” Pepper broke up what could easily delve into an immature argument and one-upmanship between the siblings.
“Leave it be, Tony,” he muttered, taking the mechanics hand in his own so that he couldn’t pull the binding off immediately.
“Do we a way of outrunning them? That’s a dated Skiff ship they’re using, good for short runs, but not pursuit,” Natasha asked, eyes tracking the small USC ship’s image.
Steve tapered down on the urge to hit the idiot before him over the head and shove him in an airlock, making Tony a problem for someone else.
When Tony had first woken, confused and disorientated, he hadn’t even had a chance to say anything before he was leaning over the side of the medical chair and gagging. Steve had helped to haul him back onto the chair properly when he’d finished emptying his stomach, leaving the good doctor to dispose of the bucket he’d produced with lightning fast reflexes to catch the mess.
Tony opened his mouth to enquire as to what was wrong, when a dreaded hissing sound came from behind him. Tony didn’t even waste time looking behind him for the source; he already knew what he would find. A terrible creature standing on four stubby little legs and as tall as Steve, matted green skin and a life’s goal of blowing people up.
The doors opened and Steve walked into the workshop, a look of complete wonder and curiosity overtaking his features as his eyes tracked around the room, mouth slightly open. Tony couldn’t help but feel a sense of pride at the reaction. The workshop was definitely Tony’s space; full of half-finished projects and lots of metal and ‘futuristic’ technology like the holoscreens and the bots moving about the area. It pleased him to no end to see someone clearly impressed with it all.
“Let’s get inside where it’s safe, ok?” Steve gently pulled Tony up and led him to the door, pushing a button hidden behind a rock to open it via the redstone. He helped Tony over to the bed, sitting him down gently before taking the bag from him and setting it on the floor.
Steve only relaxed when the other ship had finally disappeared into the Dark. Clint had remained remarkably silent as he’d steered The Avenger away, exercising his limited tact into not asking about Steve’s sudden change of heart. One thing Steve knew his crew collectively agreed upon, was that their Captain always tried to act in their best interests. While he was sure that someone – probably Natasha – would come fishing for answers at some point, for now they were amenable to follow Steve’s orders without question. Steve paused an extra few seconds to lay a thankful hand upon his pilot’s shoulder before he left to check on the rest of the crew.
Steve stood staring stupidly at Tony’s door for a long minute, just grinning at nothing, before he shook himself and turned, heading for his own quarters.
Looking out over the huge insects that were currently chewing on various objects in the street, from a car to a lamppost, Tony spared a brief moment to wonder how, exactly, this was his life.
Tony sat back on his heels, the gun in his hand coming to rest over his lap. His lips were pressed together in a frown, a line between his eyebrows visible on his face.
Tony still wasn’t convinced. Going on a systematic witch hunt for a misguided fool who had played around with gamma radiation and the super soldier serum just left him feeling… uncomfortable.
“Yeah, well, while you two were getting your godlike freak on, some of us are left having to pick out kitchenware from a rack rather than a draw,” she rolled her eyes.
Secondly, he would go to his grave with the knowledge that Aldrich was exactly what he could have become, if he hadn’t of had Darcy. Yes, the money was certainly a factor in there somewhere, but he was positive that without Darcy, his life would have been a lot closer to supervillain than superhero.
He watched as she caught them, looked them over individually for a moment, before a huge smile broke out on her face.
That hurt,” Tony whined as soon as the tape was gone, his tongue darted out to wet his dry, sore lips.
“Tony, come on. Think rationally about this. Doesn’t the world you’ve created in your head not make any sense? How could you be a superhero named Iron Man, saving the world every other week? Your delusions have cost you your sister and most of your friends. We just want to help you before you lose everything,” Steve’s voice was gentle, but Tony felt his heart seize.
The doctor took hold of one of Clint’s arms and began towing him towards the ramp, ignoring his protests. Thor laughed loudly, and followed with Natasha at his side, the crew looking excited for the harvest festival that they were attending.
Tony’s mouth actually fell open at that, his eyes now fully dilated with lust and his hands tightening where their had found a home for the moment by clasping Steve’s biceps. Pulling his now soaking finger from the open mouth, Steve wasted no time in reaching down and easily slipping it behind Tony’s cock and balls, running it lightly up the space behind his balls before circling his hole.
“Since I know you really wanted a pet, but we can’t have one, I thought this might be the next best thing,” he bit his lip, nervous all of a sudden.
“Well, well, well, if it isn’t the aspiring university student,” he teased, taking in his sisters excited looking face for any possible sign that she wasn’t happy.
Groaning, Tony tried to get his bearings and work out what the hell had ploughed into his side. Pushing a weight off of his chest, he looked down to see someone dressed in uniform - no doubt the security uniform, judging by the standardized black ensemble - lying across him, body riddled with bullet holes. Shoving a lot harder and struggling to his feet so he was no longer beneath a corpse, Tony looked around him and tensed upon seeing the man they were looking for standing in the hole he had made in the wall.
“As charming as watching you two act like the little kids you are is,” Pepper broke in before Darcy could retort. “Darcy, I need to get your brother to actually do some of the work he’s been meaning to do - today, preferably,” she gave him a very pointed look.
He could recall seeing the large tower, all shiny with real glass reflecting the light of the closest sun onto the nearby port. It was more than a beautiful piece of architecture, it was also a symbol of the strength, might and power of the Stark family name. It was meant to remind people where they should look for leadership and advancement for the future of the planet. It was a beacon for where the future of the military equipment for the ‘verse was thought up. Tony would never say that his father hadn’t been obnoxiously self-assured.
It seemed that Tony’s apparent willingness to tease back with Clint had opened the floodgates of the archers’ innuendoes. The man even went out of his way to stick around until Tony had finished his cleaning just to hear what rebuff the genius came up with. What Clint didn’t know, was that it was only Tony’s continual rebuffs that were standing in the way of Steve punching him.
Steve consciously relaxed his pencil grip so he wouldn’t snap the wood and slowly looked up. Clint was already immersed in whatever show he was watching and Tony was still busy polishing the boots on the floor.
thing. But I’m okay – we’re all okay. So, don’t panic!” Darcy blurted out as soon as the call was answered.
“Agent Mark Millar was terminated this morning. Agent Barton is needed for reconnaissance while we find a suitable replacement,” Fury finally spoke.
“Heard more about your brother, but I’ve heard stuff about you, too.” The nasty look Loki shot him confirmed he’d hit a nerve and Tony chuckled.
“Clint, shut up!” Steve repeated, not having time to focus on his stroppy pilot who, he knew, lived for this kind of crap. If Clint didn’t have someone coming after him then he complained, often until someone got sick of it and either threw something heavy at him or left him on a stool in a no name bar to return to the ship the next morning with bruises and stories of fights.
Pepper’s lips pressed together in displeasure, her heeled shoes clacking loudly against the ramp as she went to take a step away from the mouth of the ship. Natasha, however, still held loyalty to Steve first and foremost, and slipped up beside the woman, one arm around her waist and the other pressing something that glinted of metal against her side.
was a decent mechanic. The argument between Natasha and Clint had cemented the seriousness of the situation, as it was clear that the others had noticed as well. It would have been one thing if only Steve had been aware of it, he’d been looking at Tony a great deal, after all. But, the fact that the others had noticed how easily Tony had fit into the ship’s daily life…
“Why don’t we head over there,” Steve nodded his head to where people had began to stretch out on the lush grass near the musicians, winding down as the night grew cooler.
“Yeah, okay. Hey, Jarvis? Pull up the media response to our little tête-à-tête on the main television. Let’s see how the vultures liked their meal.”
“Well, yes. You’re pretty great yourself.” Tony blushed slightly, a smile peaking out of the corner of his mouth. Steve, feeling no need to resist, lent down and kissed his lover softly before pulling back with a large grin.
“There’s a perfectly comfortable couch in my workshop, you know,” Tony half-heartedly protested as she turned down the sheets like he was a child. A couch had been the first thing he’d bought for the workshop after it had been finished. He would never hear the end of it if Darcy stopped by and there was nowhere for her to sit when she invaded his workshop.
Stepping back, Tony took one last look at his peaceful sister before leaving the room. Mind already racing with ideas about what kinds of games they could play together.
“Notch, Steve; am I ever glad to see you.” Tony let out a breath, briefly contemplating the idea of flopping back onto the ground and letting his poor heart recover from the scare it had just suffered.
For such large creatures, they were still just bugs. The battle didn’t last longer than twenty minutes, and the six met up afterwards next to where the SHIELD Agents had appeared with large containment vans for the clean-up.
all the time. I just can’t take that seriously, so many jokes in one word,” he shook his head. “I’ll never be able to talk to you without laughing. I mean, what can I say, I’m a child at heart and immature jokes get me every time,” he offered a slightly apologetic shrug.
Gently pulling free his fingers, Steve added more lube to his hand before dropping the tube off the side of the couch and stroking his cock so it was sufficiently covered. Reaching down, Steve slowly pulled Tony’s hand away, his finger shinny from the excess lube Steve had used. Moving closer, Steve released the badly shaking right hand from holding Tony’s leg, allowing both legs to hook over his shoulders and Tony’s hands to grasp tightly in Steve’s hair, his breath ragged.
“Tony?” Steve reached out, hand barely brushing his shoulder before Tony spun around, hands slipping behind his back and an overly large smile upon his face.
Steve blushed bright red when the genius eventually let out a pleased sounding ‘yes!’ before he’d quickly gotten up and left the room in a hurry, evidently having solved the problem, leaving bits and pieces of kitchen supplies lying all over the floor around the open cupboard door.
Steve pressed his hand harder against his heart, hoping that it would offer him some measure of comfort.
Tony tore his attention away from the glass dome he’d clearly been trying to work out the engineering behind since they’d arrived underwater.
The grin that spread across Steve’s face, however, was like he’d just told the man he had an all you can eat buffet lined up for all the orphan kids in New York City.
Steve had just enough time to grab hold of the control panel as Clint shoved the lever forwards and the whole ship jerked before they were flying through the darkness.
“Twenty credits,” he repeated calmly, not interested in bartering with the man too much as he wanted to get back on his ship and into the sky. He had deliveries that needed to be made and a schedule to keep.
The bastard was responsible for selling his weapons under the counter to America’s enemies. He was the sonofabitch who’d ordered the hit on him in Afghanistan. He was the immoral bag of dicks who hadn’t cared how many people, how many
Clint just grinned at him, momentarily holding his tongue. The pilot had been sprouting various theories since he’d arrived in the infirmary after they’d gotten a decent distance from Yurma and the authorities.
“No transmissions’ of any kind, Captain. The ship appears to be runnin’ on backup generators,” Clint frowned at the unusual reading on the screen to his right.
It seemed that allowing Steve into his workshop had released something in Steve’s demeanour, because suddenly Tony was finding the man around him all the time. Not only that, but he was friendly and always seemed to be just slightly in Tony’s personal space. Tony liked his personal bubble, thank you very much, and Steve’s constant invasion of it should have bothered him a lot more that it did. He wasn’t sure what to do with the fact that Steve was fast becoming the exception to a lot of things in his life.
He waited another few minutes before emerging from his hiding place. Dusting down his clothes, he took a step towards his ship when a voice startled him.
“Keep your gun handy,” Steve was equally as quiet as he slipped off the cargo and began to quickly and efficiently unload it onto the ground.
Thank you so much to everyone who stuck with me, I'm an awful poster, but I said I'd finish this and here we are. Not going to lie, I had this chapter written months ago, then my computer crashed and I lost it. Did I just rewrite the chapter and finish the story? No, I rewrote the entire thing and fixed various translation mistakes and character inconsistencies as I went along. So, hopefully the whole thing will flow a hell of a lot better now, but no promises. I definitely didn't catch everything.
“Why aren’t you wearing the pyjamas I bought you?” Tony asked, staring down at his phone screen with a look of betrayal.
“I want it noted that I don’t approve of you two being best buddies and ganging up on me,” he said, glancing between Darcy behind him and Steve in front of him.
“Jarvis, where’s the coffee?” he asked, staring at his empty cup as if that was all that was required to get more.
Tony tried not to panic, memories of Afghanistan lurking in the back of his mind as his skin broke out in a cold sweat. He just needed to be logical about this, there was no way this was actually happening; it was completely defying the laws of every science he knew. The water had reached his chest and the frigidly cold liquid was hampering his ability to think as his heart beat a thunderous rhythm against the Arc Reactor.
“Is there anything in the paper other than talk about the clean up?” Bruce asked, glancing over from the stovetop and frowning when he eyed Clint’s bowl. “I’m making pancakes, you know.”
“Talk,” Steve said, not even bothering with the illusion of eating. After he had some answers, then he’d start worrying about sustenance.
Tony reached out as Bruce was about to put the cream on him and thunked his hand onto the doctor’s chest a few times.
"Ay, everyone has returned and supplies have been acquired," Thor said, standing and beginning to pack up his chair.
Tony lent back in his own chair with an innocent looking smile, but his brown eyes sparked with mischief and Steve immediately realised the trap he’d walked right into. The alcohol made him more amused then annoyed at being played quite so blatantly, at least that’s what he told himself anyway. Steve had the disturbing suspicion that it would take a long stay in the deepest pits of the Dark of the ‘verse to get him mad enough to stay angry at Tony.
When Steve awoke the next morning the sun was shinning in through the window and his bed was empty. The clanking sound coming from the next room, however, told him where Tony had wondered. Dragging himself from the bed, Steve moved throughout their home to find Tony in front of their crafting table, his bag was discarded on the floor nearby and something was glinting off of the torch light from within the leather folds.
Steve laughed, his whole world narrowing down to the delighted looking smile spread over Tony’s face.
“Well, let’s keep going and try for that new record,” Tony snipped back, getting to his feet and heading for the elevator.
“Hey, I haven’t even said anything!” The archer put up his hands innocently, having learnt his lesson by now that if Steve was around when Tony went into one of his cleaning frenzies, he shouldn’t blatantly hit on him as Steve’s glares were scary.
The man looked up, blinked twice in surprise before looking around in confusion, a small blush working its way onto his cheeks.
“A surprise,” Tony echoed, suddenly much more awake and cautious. Tony didn’t really have much to do with surprises directed towards him, and the few he had encountered tended to be the ones that almost killed him. Things like Stane selling him out to the Ten Rings and SHIELD actually being useful when it came to preventing Tony’s death via Palladium poisoning. So, not a very good frame of reference, really. Darcy's surprise of the Bots a few months ago was the only solely good surprise that came to mind.
Tony’s head snapped up, blinking over at the elevator where two new arrivals stood. He’d been so deep in thought that he hadn’t even heard the elevators door, nor had Jarvis announced that they had visitors. Tony was pretty sure he knew the reason behind the AI’s silence, and it started with a ‘D’ and ended with ‘arcy’.
“Well, aren’t you lucky? Pretty sure your rich friend is completely cool though. I mean, to basically put you up while you’re in Manhattan. The coolest person ever, I’d say,” Tony grinned, relief rushing through him. It wasn’t until these past few minutes that he’d realised how much he needed his friend here. It was fine with Darcy, but she was only nine and still had yet to fully grasp that they were all that was left of their family now. Obie kept coming and going, but he was trying to keep the company afloat in the crisis that was the head of the company, the founder, CEO and brains behind the majority of the weapons created, suddenly dying. Tony had been avoiding the papers since it had all happened.
, was best known for. Natasha had sauntered out of the crowd, her clothes as perfect as when she’d left, a small smile lurking at the corner of her mouth that suggested she’d been up to something that she wouldn’t be sharing with the rest of them. A normal look on her face, after a planet visit. Thor, too, returned victoriously with the new pressure belt, although the boisterous grin matched the small pouch he kept touching at his hip, no doubt holding something of value that he’d managed to persuade someone to part with.
“-s’ok, Tony. You’re alright.” Steve cupped his cheek in reassurance and Tony couldn’t even find it in him to flinch as Steve’s thumb drew across the cut there.
“Don’t pretend like you’ve never had her give you a manicure, because I’ve seen the pictures,” Steve shot back with a slightly arrogant tilt of his head.
Steve hated to admit it, but Tony had proven to be much more useful than he’d ever thought the man could be when they’d met on Stuttgart. He was acutely aware that the mechanic was the only reason the crew had managed to get away from the clutches of the USC. That extra boost of energy had been just what they’d needed. The fact that the ship was still operating at the same excellent speed days later, meant that they’d arrived on Ariel six hours earlier than expected.
Obie convince his father to have Darcy’s last name changed to ‘Lewis’ on all forms of public, nonessential identification, that her image be screened so that it was something people had to look relatively hard for, so that this could never, ever, happen again.
Unable to resist, Steve reached out with the same finger as before and traced the edge where the skin was stretched around Tony’s finger. Pushing slowly, the tight, warm skin slowly stretched to encompass the tip of Steve’s now dry finger, Tony making a loud moaning sound the whole while. Glancing up, Steve smirked at the sight of Tony’s head once more thrown back, neck now stained red with bite marks and slightly shiny with a combination of sweat and spit.
“Tony, you need to show them something,” she argued, a StarkPad beta test model held before her as she attempted, with repeated failure, to get him to understand and concede to her point.
Taking in a sharp breath, Tony went to push himself to his feet, only to halt when he heard the distinct sound of a gun cocking behind him, the horrible feeling of the metal barrel pushing into the back of his skull causing him to freeze.
Tony took a stumbling step backwards, eyes locked on the man, waiting for him to rise again, to blink his eyes open and say something about finishing the job he had begun so many years ago.
Slowly, The Avenger drifted away on the momentum of a single burst of power, as the Reavers’ ship no doubt boarded the USC one and committed their vile and horrific acts. Steve felt a brief pang of regret for not helping them, but there wasn’t anything his small ship could have done anyway.
The rondevu point had been on Aquamarine’s limited landing docks on the surface of the oceanic planet. Rumiko had organised for Doctor Cho to get off world for a little while, until the heat around her dissapearence had died down and Tiberius had left for one of the Rim planets of the ‘verse.
“When you’re down on your hands and knees, ass in the air and just begging for me to touch it.” Tony groaned, finally succeeding in removing his own shirt and undoing all the buttons on Steve’s, pushing it down off his shoulders and rubbing his hands over his bare chest. Steve breathed in sharply when the other man pinched a nipple, grin on his face before he dove in and eased the sharp sting with his tongue.
“Drowning in your own armour, how poetic. Are you wishing you hadn’t spent so much time making it air tight now, Mr Stark?” Doctor Traveller asked, voice tinged with amusement, but also a creepy, genuine curiosity.
“Pick a bug, try to squash it?” Tony tried again, eyeing the two large grasshoppers, hoping that they didn’t start hopping around.
It was as if he’d stepped into a completely different reality. It had to be the illusionary magic Fury had told them that Traveller wielded. If Tony reached out to where the hole had been in the wall, he would be able to put his hand through the seemingly solid structure – wouldn’t he?
Darcy… he had always tried to do right by his sister. But, how could she possibly be expected to be as affectionate and loving towards him as his mind made her out to be? It was completely rational that she would hate him, would refuse to even speak to him.
“Now, Stark, tell me: how does all of this make you feel? I’m looking to understand the minds of both the good and the bad, so your honesty is appreciated,” Traveller said, voice still as pleasant as if Tony was paying him thousands of dollars an hour to sit on his couch and natter on about his depressing childhood.
Steve stepped away from the man, heading for the door where he paused once more to glance back at Tony with a growing feeling in his chest. Tony’s quiet breathing was barely audible to him, but the comfort of the sound reassured him enough to leave and head back to join the rest of the crew.
“That’s a lot easier said than done, Captain,” Clint huffed, sidestepping a hunched over man who was shuffling down the dirt compressed road at an impressively slow pace.
“Come on, sweetheart, let’s get to bed.” Steve said quietly, reaching down and scooping up the other man, enjoying how sleepily affectionate in the afterglow Tony was, wrapping one arm up and around Steve’s neck while the other slipped around his back. Holding the love of his life in his arms like a new bride, Steve couldn’t help placing a gentle kiss on messy black hair.
They had retreated to the Rim sector of the ‘verse after the excitement of Ariel. Steve always found the close eye of that the USC kept on the Core planets’ to be far too curious for his comfort. It had been a bit of a travel, but they’d managed to make it deep into the Rim in just under two weeks. The only interest the USC had in these rocks had been at their initial discovery and colonisation, it had been a long time since their names had been spoken in the governments’ halls. These were the planets that were poor in all ways possible; economic, social, and quality of life. Many of the planets were visited only by illegal traders, and their version of police was as corrupt as they come.
“I just think that you should slow it down a bit. One problem at a time. First, work out who tried to hurt you. Then, once we’ve taken care of them, we’ll see about hunting down the weapons.”
“Here, Sir,” Clint sat up straight in his chair, even though it was only audio and there was no way Fury could actually see him.
“See, Steve knows how to be appreciative,” Darcy leaned into Tony’s side, grinning at the super soldier.
He definitely recalled parting from her. He’d wanted to check out all the changes that he could while he was on planet. There had been a part of him, small and completely irrational so not worth listening to, that had believed that as soon as he’d stepped foot back here, that there would be men waiting with guns for him on the docks, ready to take him away. He was good, but even Tony wasn’t sure he’d be able to survive another kidnaping like last time. But, that had been pushed aside in the faceless sea of people that swamped the streets. He figured if he kept on the move, to the middle of the masses where no one ever looked anyone in the eye, he’d be fine for his little sightseeing adventure.
“Yeah,” Clint echoed her, scrambling to push himself up from where he’d sprawled onto the control panel.
Steve felt relief spread though his chest at the almost shy question. Tony’s own nervousness made his heart rate slow and a sense of calm spread through him.
“Captain, who’s this?” Clint asked, the laughter on his face fading rapidly as his keen eyes took in Natasha’s threatening demeanour and Steve’s tense shoulders.
Silence fell over the table again, not even Clint filled it with the sound of his chewing. The crew looked slightly chagrined for having pried into Tony’s past, while Steve felt as though he was on an emotional rollercoaster.
Steve smiled, feeling almost indulgent of the stupid shortening of the title that Tony had taken to calling him. Usually, it just increased his exasperation with whatever Tony was doing at the time, but the ale was working wonders and he found he didn’t have the energy to be even mildly irritated right now.
“No, no that never happened,” Tony shook his head. What the hell was Steve talking about? He’d never been in a car accident, unless you counted that time the hum-vees were attacked in Afghanistan.
He led the trio through the crowds towards an unmarked sushi place that had been selected as the meeting spot via the wave.
Tony dashed across a busy street with flashing signs advertising the latest in Stark Galactic wares, and Steve cursed.
“Yeah, I mean, sure. If you want to come down here and sketch that’s not going to bother me,” he shrugged, aiming for casual but he was pretty sure he hit awkward instead.
Well. Tony could always claim the flush to his cheeks was from anger once he saw the half-burned state of the kitchen.
He hadn’t been allowed to go to the hospital, so Tony was at the mansion with Edwin Jarvis, the family butler, when the phone call came. Maria’s death was quickly linked to complications she’d suffered during labour. The fact that his mother had even been pregnant was something of an abstract concept for Tony. He’d been busy with school, and only Jarvis had thought to update him regularly on his mother’s progress over the nine months of her pregnancy.
“Why don’t you just tell Tony how you feel? Or, at least, tell Clint to lay off the jokes if they’re upsetting you so much. He’s only doing it to get a rise out of Tony, anyway.” She continued; her words making Steve squirm uncomfortably in his seat.
Silence stretched for a long moment between them and Steve thought that maybe he’d misjudged the lingering looks Tony had sent him, the way Tony always seemed to be tuned into Steve’s presence on the ship, the moments they’d spent alone in the engine room together.
He loved his sister, but there was no way she could ever understand this. It was his fault – no matter what she said – it was his entire fault. He had allowed those weapons to get into the wrong hands and now innocent people had been killed because of his negligence. He had spent all that time in the cave, with Yinsen a constant reminder of his foolishness. There was no way he would ever be able to atone for all the blood on his hands, but he could definitely do something about stopping anyone else from winding up dead because of him.
“Greetings, fellow warriors, we have arrived,” Thor’s voice boomed, causing everyone to startle slightly and look over to where he was standing, Natasha and Steve flanking him.
“Have a successful day at the office?” he queried tentatively after the silence had managed to get under his skin.
“It’s been a long time, Rumiko,” Tony spoke softly, something more like a grimace than a smile on his face.
“Work on those StarkPhone designs. I want them by the start of next week so I can present them to the board. I’ll put Jarvis on your case if you don’t,” she threatened, making Tony roll his eyes out of reflex alone.
“Wait, what are you doing out here?” Tony asked suspiciously. Honestly, if Steve was going to preach about the dangers in the darkness, he should at least set an example Tony could ignore.
The man’s already dangerously red face turned an almost puce colour and Steve resolved himself to loosing Tony. This idiot was going to hold him up for a while, and a quick glance at the door to the tavern showed that Tony had already slipped through and disappeared.
“Here I was, thinking you’d appreciate a call from your loving brother, and all I get is complaints,” he sat himself down in one of the humvee’s, amused at his sisters’ drama as she hung her head, a personality trait that Pepper claimed she had mimicked from Tony himself. Tony was adamant that she’s adopted it from Rhodey.
“Come on, Pep. It’s not like the army needs anything Hulk related right now, he’s been MIA for years. He’d have to be stupid to suddenly appear after such a good streak, and Doctor Banner is an incredibly intelligent man,” he paused for a moment before amending his sentence. “Apart from the miscalculation and gamma exposure thing.”
“Is it meant to bring good fortune or somethin’? People love a good fortune statue,” Tony asked, a smile curving his lips in Steve’s favourite way.
“That feels like a lot of responsibility for one statue,” Tony still sounded amused rather than upset.
It took a moment, but Steve was able to decipher the loops and swirls before him into sense, and he realised that they were personal notes about somebody’s life. Flicking through the book, it was more of the same. All the way until the final filled in page, still many from the last within the book, that spoke of the hope the ships’ crew had that they’d find a home at the end of their trip. The trip that none of them would survive.
“Not at all,” Darcy’s voice was chocked as she moved towards him, carefully taking his free hand in a tight squeeze, willing to wait until they were somewhere more private where she could hug him and not have to let go of him for a long time.
Brown eyes slid over to him and a small smile quirked up the corner of his mouth in a way that Steve couldn’t deny was attractive.
Finally, thanks so much to everyone who expressed their thoughts about the translations. I've gone with the majority here and left them at the end of each chapter.
Darcy’s thirteenth birthday heralded the creation of a new charity organisation, the Maria Stark Foundation, which Tony had made happen - as only he could - as a birthday gift for Darcy. After being fed a steady diet of half-truths, embellishments and, at times, flat out lies, all her life about her mother, Darcy near worshipped the ghost of a fictional woman. Tony tried not to feel too guilty about it, to the point where sometimes even he had to question if an established fact in Darcy’s world was truth or a convoluted story to ease a broken heart.
“Doesn’t look like it,” Steve said after a moment’s pause, eyes still wandering over the people outside the ship, searching for the dark-haired man.
“Anthony,” he began, Tony instinctively listening carefully as his full name was only used by the man when the situation was very important.
“Was Darcy in the car?” he almost yelled down the line, uncaring for the many looks he received as he pushed his way out of the frat house and into the open where he could hear Obie clearly. All he could do was hold onto the phone, pressing it tightly against his ear so that it would leave red marks on his skin, as if that would make the information travel down the phone lines faster.
“You ever wonder why we call these structures rebuilt and recreated when the original was so long ago no one alive today’s even seen it? It’s not like the original creators back on Earth-that-was, will come at the owners of New, New York and claim copyright infringements on them.”
Happily, he extended an invitation for the man to come back to Stark Tower, something he knew they’d both enjoy, as there was nothing better than working on genius level stuff with cutting edge equipment.
Reaching out, Steve ripped the duct tape from Tony’s mouth unsympathetically, ignoring the small yelp of pain the action caused.
Steve winced slightly at the thought, a Good Night Kiss was a narcotic compound usually used by low-and-dirty seducers who were trying to swindle people into their lies. Usually applied to the lips, one kiss and the victim would be unconscious for hours, allowing the swindler to ransack their place and escape with time to spare.
Thor grinned widely at his arrival from where he’d set up a beach chair on the ramp, complete with a yellow parasol to keep the light of the two suns’ from burning his skin.
“I’m sorry, but I won’t stop,” Tony’s voice was equally as soft, staring at his semi-destroyed workshop rather than his sister.
Shaking his head, Steve turned and walked back along the back hall, through the dining room and front hall, before finally coming out at the bridge.
When we was sure it was nice and wet, he pulled it from his mouth and guided Tony’s hand down and between his legs where Steve pushed the wet finger into the slightly loosened hole.
“Don’t go telling them embarrassing stories, Darcy, or I’ll have to share some of yours,” Tony threatened as he left, Darcy’s laughter following him.
The woman turned around, a pumpkin that was small enough for her to hold comfortably in one of her hands cradled to her chest. Her features were delicate, dark eyes inquisitive.
Slowly blinking open his eyes, he was momentarily grateful for the dim lighting, until the familiar surroundings registered in his pounding head.
What the hell was going on? One minute Tony’s in a battle with a hallucination creating wizard wannabe, the next he’s meant to be in what looked like a psychiatric hospital as a patent? He’d never thought a hallucinogenic magical power could be this realistic.
“Here,” Tony suddenly appeared again beside Steve, the mechanic having said something about needing to really assimilate with the festivities before disappearing for a moment.
“Let’s not stay too long. Go out, get what you need and restock, then back on the ship,” Steve told his crew, eyes darting around looking for the one man not part of it.
“Excellent, Bruce does the best spicy chicken,” Tony offered Steve a grin as the man stood from the couch.
“We don’t know how much they saw of the drop. They might be speculatin' and we’d be fine. Or, they might’a seen what went down and are plannin’ on boardin’ and arresstin’ us all. How long till they’re on us?”
The limo was mostly quiet as they headed back to the Tower. Tony was leaning back casually with one leg stretched out before him. He watched as Clint wrestled himself out of the tie Pepper had forced him to wear, while Thor kept shifting in his seat, still uncomfortable with the confined space within the vehicle. Natasha was staring silently out the window, crossed legs pulling her pencil skirt tight, while Bruce was cleaning his glasses on the edge of his now untucked shirt. Finally, Steve was sitting directly across from Tony, their legs almost brushing and a contemplative look on his face as he stared directly at him. Tony resisted the urge to fidget under that focused gaze.
Tony became aware slowly and naturally. No nightmares jolting him back to consciousness or loud noises pulling him from much needed sleep. The first thing he felt was pleasantly warm he was, the second that he was leaning against something rather than lying down. The third thing he noticed, was that his comfy pillow was most certainly rising and falling in a deep, steady rhythm.
“Will she…” his voice was soft, almost a whisper as he licked his lips before forcing the words out. “Will she want to play with me?”
“None on the radar. Looks like we got ourselves a good amount of time to check it out.” Clint looked up at him, waiting for Steve’s go ahead to issue the command to the rest of the crew.
“Sorry Pep, you’ll have to wait a moment,” Tony grinned unrepentantly as he twitched his fingers through a holoscreen like he’d pressed an invisible button to accept the call.
“Hmm,” was all Steve offered, eyes still unwaveringly focused. Tony had to dig his nails into the palm of the hand that was mostly hidden from everyone’s view in order to stop himself from reaching up to tap against the arc. He
“Let me see?” Steve reached for his hand, pulling it close so that he could see it in the flickering light.
Glancing at the mechanic, Steve raised an eyebrow at the amused look on Tony's face as he stared at where Clint was fiddling with one of the crates near the catwalk stairs.
“It’s not real,” he muttered to himself, voice pitched a few octaves higher than usual, the water beginning to drip down his arms.
“It looks like it’s mostly just spiders and skeletons… Oh, there’s a zombie back to the right.” Steve muttered, eyes trailing over them.
“Great, see you kids later,” he waved to the bots who had been diligently working for a change, receiving a series of beeps in response that made him smile.
Tony glanced at him, mind still not fully online from where he stood between the other two occupants in the box.
“This is really good,” he shook the paper slightly, smile returning to his face at the truth of his words. “I’m so proud of you.”
Slowly opening his eyes and turning around awkwardly as his body refused to stop leaning against the counter - so really, it was more of a roll, then a turn - Tony belatedly realised he wasn’t quite as alone as he’d thought.
Firstly, he would never, not even under pain of death, admit that SHIELD and his own father were key factors in him figuring out how to save himself. Also, SHIELD could go screw themselves over their personality evaluation and only wanting him to consultant with them. They could complain about him all they wanted, but everyone knew he held the real power because if he stopped supplying them with all their little gadgets, who else were they going to turn to? Fury liked to think he had more power than he actually had, from what Tony had been able to learn via hacking into SHIELD’s systems. Tony was content for now not to challenge the decision made, he had more important things to worry about than some super-secret boy band.
“I am sure she would be delighted. In fact, I know she would very much enjoy such a thing, she has been working hard on a new skill and would like to show it to you,” Jarvis sounded faintly amused now.
“Come on, Tony. You can do it,” Steve encouraged, a comforting squeeze to his sounders accompanying his words.
“No, the couch is fine, thank you, Tony,” Steve offered another of those shy smiles and Tony gave a curt nod before turning back to what he’d been working on in an effort to hide the flush he could feel heating his skin.
“So, out of curiosity, why was it that I was called an idiot when I so innocently came down here - temporarily ignoring the impossibility of such a thing seeing as I am a genius and all.”
“That’s it, baby, get it nice and wet.” Steve groaned loudly when Tony lightly bit at his digit. Leaning back in so that he was breathing directly into Tony’s ear, Steve whispered.
Listening to the pretentious dick talking about his upcoming news spread with a journalist who was clearly more interested in talking to new CEO Pepper Potts, was somewhat amusing, at least. But, Pepper leaving him alone allowed his mind to wander and, eyes catching sight of the television on which they could watch the car race, an idea occurred to him.
It was almost comical, how quickly things fell apart. The way an argument could escalate to the Helicarrier almost being grounded, how the Hulk was now gone. Thor was gone. Phil was… gone.
This was an illusion, that was all. He just had to hold on for the rest of his team to arrive and break it, then hopefully knock that wannabe quack on his ass.
Tony’s eyed darted around for a moment, flickering up to Steve, to his door, to the empty corridor around them.
“Oh, so they passed the background checks you got Jarvis to conduct the moment I decided to get my credits with them?” she raised her eyebrows at him as her attention was spilt between Tony and Dummy, the latter who had come over for attention as soon as she was in the workshop.
No more lives needlessly lost because of his ignorance. No more people hurt because they weren’t part of the profit margins. No more ignoring the problems.
Steve felt an answering smile pulling up his own lips, and he headed towards the crowds without any further prompting, finding his attention entirely swallowed up by the man beside him rather than the loud sights and sounds.
“This ain’t lookin’ good, Steve,” Clint said quietly as he shut off the bike, not moving from his seated position as he looked around them carefully, a bead of sweat slowly rolling down his cheek.
“Fucking hell, Darcy. Are Doctor Foster and Selvig okay?” Tony, who had begun to relax, sat up straight once more, eyes widening.
“When I heard about the accident at the Ten Rings’ Station, I did admit that I thought of you, but I never imagined that you’d manage to wiggle yourself out of the line of fire.”
“Steve, that look could probably make villains cry in their spandex suits.” He knew it wasn’t right, but Steve couldn’t help the almost proud feeling that swelled in his chest at her words.
So... still here. Just, don't look at how long it's taken me to write and put up with chapter. This wasn't quite as dramatic as I wanted it to be, but for some reason I had a lot of trouble getting into Tony's head and not focusing on the things that I had already written about.
“Pepper, come onto the ship and let us reminisce some more,” she said, voice friendly as though there wasn’t anything odd about the entire situation should a curious bystander pay them any attention.
Finally, this is the second last chapter. There's one more, that is longer than this short one, then it's all over.
Tony, seeming to realise the futility of arguing this time, rolled his eyes and started moving towards where the two ships were joint.
It took them another half an hour – Earth-that-was time – before they managed to find someone who had a dusty stockpile of semi-legal looking engine parts, including a newer model compression core.
“So, how do we stop him? If he’s got a power of some kind, how does it work?” Tony asked, mind already beginning to tick over possible ways of minimizing the effectiveness of various mutant powers. Could they use power dampeners? Maybe brute force would be enough?
Whatever Bruce was planning to reply with, though actual vocal responses may have been out of the question as he just looked bemused, were cut off by the elevator doors opening again and Thor’s voice as he stepped out, almost bumping into Jane in the process.
“I’m asking you if you’d like to do what, apparently, all modern people do when they ask someone if they’d like to get coffee some time as a precursor to a date.”
If Steve kissed his cheek and quietly said in his ear: “I had a really great time, let’s do this again soon, yeah?” just before they got off of the elevator.
“The Avengers moved into the Tower weeks ago, Darcy,” Tony said cautiously, body tense and waiting for the bomb to drop.
Steve turned back to the controls, Tony would just have to wait, and peered down at the beacon monitor that showed the USC ship as a blinking green dot right beside them. Clint was right, however, there was another, larger dot speeding towards them from behind the USC cruiser.
“Tony, trust me. No one else has a chance at developing the right kind of machines in order to find this crazy scientist turned monster,” Obie said seriously, hand coming to rest companionably on Tony’s shoulder.
He won their argument, the perks of being everyone bar Darcy’s boss, and found himself finishing off the first of his cheeseburgers with the cemented feeling that this was it, he was really home.
Tony was up and off the couch before he was even consciously aware of what he was doing, half of it an automatic reaction to the familiarly yelled words and half an instinctive need to protect his sister. A quick glance at his father revealed Howard clearly about to launch into a long, loud, and aggressive tirade about inconsiderate children interrupting him.
“We’re waiting to hear what the kidnappers want, Tony. This isn’t something that can be rushed, as you should be aware.”
The motion caused the man’s black singlet to pull up each time he reached upwards, exposing a frankly tantalising sliver of tan skin at his hips.
“I don’t think any of you have any kind of leg to stand on. I’m sure you workout in the gym or something equally mindless when you need to let your mind wander and think through things without actively thinking about them.”
“So, yes.” Tony walked over to him and, with only a moment’s hesitation, held out the pressure belt to Steve with a small smile. Steve automatically took it.
Steve packed up the chair and parasol while the rest of them got back onto the ship, laughing and joking about their recent exploits – or smirking mysteriously in Natasha’s case. Steve stared into the mass of people, wondering if he’d see Tony again, if the man would return to refuse his offer, or agree to join their crew.
Tony glanced at the others to see their unsurprised faces; only Thor appeared to not have known. Though, given how much information Tony had been handed about his teammates, he wasn’t surprised that they were already aware of Darcy’s existence. Despite his best efforts, Darcy did still come up if you googled him enough.
Giving himself a mental shake, Steve spared a glance at the duo still in quiet conversation, before turning and leaving them.
Summer was almost over and Tony was anticipating the start of his first year of high school in the fall. The middle school work he had been doing was easy, but maybe high school would present something of a challenge for him. The kids in high school were older too, so maybe, if he was extremely lucky, they might just leave him alone while he was there. Not like in middle school. Those kids had made it a point every day to remind Tony that he was too young to be there. That he wasn’t welcome.
“Steady,” Steve said quietly. Thor, Tony and Natasha were trying their best to blend in with the few people still milling around the electrically lit street, the red dirt the planet was covered in appearing almost black beneath their feet.
Tony tried not to fidget as he stood beside Steve. He knew elevators were relatively small in terms of space, but he was also pretty sure that they weren’t so small that Steve needed to be brushing up against his side. When the man’s hand touched his own, Tony casually crossed his arms and cocked his hip, nerves prompting him to tap his foot.
“If I may, Sir?” Jarvis asked, the holoscreen before Tony lighting up brighter as the AI took control and proceeded to dress the area with a simple, slightly old-fashioned finish.
Darcy, who apparently knew him better than he’d ever realised, intercepted him on his way to his workshop and all but frog-marched him to the communal level of the Tower. Where everyone else was. All eating and chatting like every morning, but with the occasional sly, pointed look directed at either Tony or Steve.
“Tony,” she whined. “We agreed that event should never be spoken of again. I’m going to need so much therapy over that,” she sighed loudly.
When she approached him the next morning on the catwalk of the ship’s cargo hold, Steve’s instinctive fight or flight responses immediately lit up. Like a predator well accustomed to her prey’s attempts at escape – of which Steve had attempted many times before – she slid an arm through his own where he’d been leaning them against the safety-rail and pinned him there.
Sitting down at the table in his normal seat, Steve looked over at Tony who was single-mindedly using his fork to break apart the food, though none of it ever made it to his mouth.
“I had assumed that, like so many others, he’d become lost in the Dark. But, I guess, a worse fate befell him.”
Steve didn’t know if he appreciated her bluntness, or if the slight feeling of unease at the back of his neck was too big of a warning to do so.
Steve wasn’t exactly proud to admit it, but Tony’s little quirk quickly became one of his favourite things about the genius. It wasn’t the nicest thought, but Steve came to enjoy seeing the dark haired man sitting on the floor beneath the table polishing the wooden table legs or wandering around the den wielding a fluffy duster.
“Oh, yes, this is completely real,” Doctor Traveller said, voice somehow still perfectly audible over the sound of Tony’s own breathing and the occasionally chocked-off noises as his body began to betray him.
“Looks like their stabilisers have been damaged,” Clint muttered, hands working over the controls and causing a small screen to light up amongst the various screens before him.
“What? No, what the hell are you trying to pull? Let me go, Igor!” Tony snapped, trying to crane his head again to see the man holding him, only to falter slightly when he saw a perfectly normal looking man behind him.
He’d only made it as far as Stark Tower, the shining beacon on this side of the planet, when his memory stopped.
“A cyborg,” Clint’s voice was a touch gleeful as he sat on the cushioned seats in the corner of the room, hawk-like eyes watching as Bruce carefully moved the Dermal Mender over Tony’s wound, the device working to stitch the skin back together.
“Look, all I’m askin’ is if you wanna join this crew. How about,” Steve paused, not believing he was going to so much trouble for someone he barely knew.
“Bye Pepper, try not kill him. Bye Tony, don’t make anything explode or she really will murder you in your sleep this time.”
Nick Fury, a literal one-eyed captain, was part of SHIELD, a large sub-group of the USC. While Nick was content to work under the governments ridiculous rules and regulations, he was just as willing to hire outside help when particularly delicate situations that provided too much red tape to resolve to his satisfaction appeared.
“You’re a good boy, aren’t you, Dummy? Yes, you are,” she cooed at it, the bot beeping in what could only be described as delight.
His first instinct was to get up and get out of there, however as soon as he levered himself to his feet with the aid of the wall, the world swam before his eyes and starbursts blocked his vision. Disorientated, and feeling his stomach rebel at the change in altitude, he stumbled blindly forward for a moment before a chase lounge tripped him up and he collapsed onto it. Desperately, he tried to simultaneously swallow the bile building in his throat and blink away the floaters in his eyes so he could once more see.
The doors to the elevator opened and Tony quickly stepped out, making sure not to actually touch Steve as he did so. The whole living space smelt like a bakery: sugar, vanilla bean and chocolate being the most prominent scents. The large television in the lounge area was on, showing the coverage from the press conference, the volume turned up loud so that it would be heard over the various noises of Darcy’s baking.
“It’s a good surprise, I think,” Steve said, voice full of reassurance, if slightly tinged with nerves.
The brief touch to Steve’s shoulder as the doctor passed him made Steve feel pride swell in his chest. Although he would like to think that he was the one who made Bruce feel so at home when on the ship, he knew that this new closeness had Tony written all over it.
It took a little over a minute to reach the spacious front sitting room, the sunlight streaming in through the huge glass windows showing off the tastefully maintained garden. An African-American man stood before the windows, staring out at the garden, only to turn at the sound of their approaching footsteps.
“It was, but someone’s crew can’t seem to keep themselves out of trouble for a single night,” Tony teased him.
“Okay, so, coffee tomorrow then? If you’re not too busy?” Steve asked, looking over the back of the couch hopefully.
“Ariel? Capital of culture and beauty just this side of the ‘verse?” Tony cocked his head, but appeared to be thinking about it.
Unfortunately, Clint was also quick to pick up on this and in his usual highly immature nature, according to Steve that was, began loading pointed comments towards Tony whenever he came across the man in one of his cleaning spells.
He could still feel the adrenaline in his veins and his heart was yet to return to the skipping beat that had become the norm ever since his body modification.
“Yes. It’s nothing to worry about. You’ll probably end up appreciating it. Rhodey did during university.” She laughed lightly before turning back to her tablet.
“Last night,” Tony shot back; fully aware that the woman didn’t like him and had never bothered to cover up her low opinion of him. Something about that made Tony want to like her, but they just weren’t at that stage of their relationship yet. “The packet, Selvig’s notes, the extraction theory papers. Am I the only one who did the reading?” he asked, looking around, half curious if anyone would volunteer an answer, half just enjoying how Maria had to be grinding her teeth in irritation.
“Sir, Director Fury is on the line for you,” Jarvis broke over the noise of chewing that had quickly filled the room.
There had been nothing wrong with them following after and checking on what Tony had been doing. Despite his easy countenance, Tony was still very much an enigma when it came to his background. He had been very good at keeping his past close to his chest and was excellent at deflecting unwanted questions. Steve had a duty to both his crew and himself to be suspicious of odd behaviour. Ignoring something out of politeness or a misplaced sense of guilt wasn’t something he could afford to do.
“Got everythin’ we needed, Captain,” Clint said, cheerfully jostling the large sack hanging over his shoulder.
“It’s stupid o’clock, Tones, why’re you ringing me?” Darcy asked, appearing to be fairly awake despite her complaint. Tony grinned down at the small screen, as the familiar swell of happiness he got every time they spoke filled his chest.
“I don’t know if I’d say its stress. It’s more, when he get’s stuck and can’t think of an immediate solution, he cleans whatever he can get his hands on.” Pepper mused thoughtfully.
Tucking away what he had heard for later, Tony stared at the screens before him, his attention immediately being captured by a glowing cube. Reaching for it, he twisted it one-way and then another, curiosity quipped.
He tried to push himself up on shaking arms, making it only so far as to lean his back against the wall so he was sitting upright.
Green energy was the future for him. He’d not just donate money to charities, he’d go out there and build the buildings himself, do the research to find the most efficient and safe way of pushing the world into the future. He’d still be a futurist, but this time he’d do it with a peaceful and thriving world in mind. The bottom line was no longer his concern; he’d sooner tear apart his own company and make a new one than continue the way things had been going.
“Thanks,” he said, a soft smile lifting his lips before the moment was broken by Dummy rearing back up and shoving his claw in Tony’s face once again.
Being kidnapped in the Afghani desert and having your body ripped open and an electro-magnet installed with wires snaking out to connect with a car battery was… horrific. Tony had never really appreciated what kind of mind spinning horror that word really encapsulated. If it hadn’t of been for Yinsen, Tony knew he would have lost his mind the moment he’d woken and realised his situation.
“Come on, a pay rise and the allowance to call you Pepper. I’m sorry, but I honestly cannot go around calling you
Steve clenched his hands into fists, but patiently remained still and silent as Tony slowly, hesitantly, continued.
“Morning, Pepper… Tony?” Steve’s voice lifted at the end as the rest of the team approached, confusion still evident on their faces.
Finally, after a ridiculously convoluted trek around various alleyways and through a couple of stores entirely, Tony slipped into a small tavern with little signage and a distinct air of lower class, despite the expensive taste most of Arial’s occupants and visitors demanded.
“Mister Stone plans to only be on-planet for another two days, then he will be departing to places unknown. We only have a short window in which to rescue Doctor Cho,” she finished.
Steve remained silent for a long moment as he stared at the lazily spinning ship through the large window before him.
"Hey, you might be happy to let that idiot get away with sayin' shit, but I know exactly what this kind of crate is for," Tony called to him, clicking open the latch mechanism with a pleased sound before flipping open the lid and jumping back triumphantly.
The sound of his crews laughter warmed his heart, as fondness warred with the anger of his pilot bringing a live chicken onto the fucking ship.
“We have arrived, Sir,” the driver looked back at him in the review mirror as the car rolled to a stop before the large manor.
“Are we not going to wait for the others?” Steve asked, eyeing Tony and Clint who were eating already.
“I-I losted hew,” she sniffed loudly, causing Tony to instinctively wince as his eyes flicked over to their father, knowing such a noise would erode what little patience the man had for his daughter.
When they arrived at the Ravecroft Asylum, it was clear from the open iron gates that Doctor Traveller had already arrived. The sound of screaming and shouting coming from the large rectangular asylum assaulted their ears as they approached the oak front doors that looked like they’d been blasted open, the wood scorched around the handles. A series of gunshots sounded from within the building and Tony looked over to Steve for his direction.
Tony wasn’t in his usual place of poking around the engine, or fiddling with other mechanical systems of the ship. He wasn’t sprawled out on the floor reading like Steve had seen him do on a handful of occasions. He wasn’t even doing that ridiculous dance Steve had unintentionally walked in on him doing three days ago, the music Tony’s hips swayed to heard only in his own head.
“Maybe I should come home this weekend?” he said slowly, half to himself and half to Jarvis. He wasn’t sure if it was too soon to be returning home, even just for a night.
The feel of her small hand slipping trustingly into his own made something in his chest tighten and then release.
It wasn’t until they all happened to be coming up the elevator together for breakfast one morning, that they found out.
“We should only be an hour,” Steve explained as Clint and Thor finished loading the goods onto the transport bike.
For people with nothing to lose, the idea of settling on a new planet was no doubt appealing. Especially as it advertised as a grand adventure. But, no adventure came without its dangers.
Tony shrugged off her hands and took a step backwards, uncomfortable with the weight of feelings now filling the room. There was something in her eyes that made his skin crawl, and the urge to bolt from the room was only suppressed by years of practice.
,” Tony swore from behind him, and Steve belatedly noted that the mechanic had followed him up through the ship.
The sudden sound of the large wooden doors opening behind him had him turning quickly, sweat damp hands tightening on his weapon of choice, his heart beating so hard against his ribs that he felt as though it was trying to burst through his bones.
Without further ado, Steve shoved back up into Tony’s body, forcing the air from the other mans lungs. There was little in the world Steve loved more than this right here, pounding away into Tony’s body and listening to the man’s exhilarated gasps and moans as he tried to form words but lost them as they tried to escape his mouth. Licking and biting at Tony’s salty skin, Steve gasped as Tony’s hands moved from his hair to grip and rub against his shoulders and back, his short nails raking up Steve’s back, the light wounds stinging with sweat. The feel of Tony’s hot cock against his abs with every thrust from where it was trapped between their bodies only turned him on more.
“A greatly appreciated thought, Young Miss,” Jarvis piped up, causing a tendril of suspicion to grow within Tony.
“Just don’t do anything reckless, okay, Tony? I just got my brother back, I’d hate to lose him again,” Darcy clutched at the drive tightly in her hand, face still troubled, before leaving the room with a crunch of glass under her shoes.
“I love you,” was all he could say, knowing that any kind of promise he made that would make her feel better would be nothing more than a lie on his tongue.
“There,” he paused for a moment, mentally going over the steps Jarvis took when applying Tony’s own band aids, before leaning down and pressing a quick kiss to the robot patterned plastic.
“Seriously, though, you two were tryin’ to butcher my sweetheart, weren’t you?” Like the flip of a switch, Steve blinked and Tony was off on another tangent about how Clint and Steve clearly didn’t know anything about engines, and why the hell had they been trying to take care of one?
Steve followed them up and into the cargo hold, moving towards the catwalk where the rest of the crew were curiously gathered.
“I know that Maria Stark didn’t particularly care for her son, that she had hardly anything to do with him, and if asked a question about him in an interview she always got the answer wrong or had someone else fill in the blanks for her. I found out when I was fourteen; I was curious about all you said and so I Googled her,” her smile turned slightly amused. “Needless to say, I was pretty surprised when there wasn’t one mention of any of the things you used to tell me she did with you, and would have wished to have done with me.”
“That’s unusual, considering how much he didn’t want to come here in the first place,” Natasha said, giving voice to the dark thoughts in the back of Steve’s mind.
“Jarvis, mute that,” Tony waved dismissively to the television. “Darcy, my Cupcake, what’ve you got for me today?” Tony called out, walking into the kitchen where she was holding a large white bowl with a wooden spoon poking out of it. A variety of baking ingredients were in disarray, with more flour than was advisable covering a large section of one of the counters. There was a vanilla sponge cake sitting on the cooling rack and the oven light was on, the shadow of something else baking away visible through the glass door. A muffin tin was peppered with cupcake wrappers, no doubt in preparation for the batter Darcy was stirring.
Climbing down the ladder, he made short work of his clothes, until he was in only his underwear, and finally allowed himself to flop onto his bed, a loud sigh draining his body of tension.
“Can we please change the subject?” Steve asked, finishing up and brining over a plate stacked high with pancakes.
Originally, he had hoped to have it ready by her seventh birthday, but, with all his university commitments, he hadn’t been able to finish it in time. Still, it was only a little bit late and he just knew that she’d love it. Well, he hoped she’d love it, anyway.
Even the sound of people around them and burning corn husks couldn’t hide the snort of derision from Tony.
Across the table from them, Clint and Thor hung off one another’s’ shoulders, Bruce having been dragged under Thor’s other arm, and their voices cresting in the end of their song.
Tony hummed lowly, body relaxing back onto the medical chair as he closed his eyes again, his still weakened body quickly succumbing to a healing sleep.
“I want to sit on something nice and soft for a change,” Clint said, hand dramatically going to his heart and throwing back his head. “I’m getting old and need something soft to cushion my ass.”
Tony counted his breath, tense, waiting to see how much more of their family’s past his sister was going to talk about. He would never try to restrict what Darcy was comfortable telling people about their childhood, but he knew that any mention of their parents had to be handled delicately. Darcy wasn’t, after all, always known for her tact.
“I’m good at ‘em, is all. Always have been good at anythin' involvin’ buildin’,” Tony looked faintly pleased with himself, clearly confident with his abilities.
“Forgive me, I became remiss,” Thor sent a wink towards Jane, who was so immersed in her magazine that she didn’t even notice, not that it dampened the gods’ sunny grin.
A part of Steve, the part he tried to ignore as it was firmly fixed on mentally cataloguing everything Tony did, wanted to capture this moment forever. The way the rest of the bar had fallen into the background, how Tony’s skin was softened by the dismal lighting. The sheen of sweat on his brow from the drink, the warmth of his brown eyes as they stared back at Steve with amused confusion.
Bruce snorted slightly with laughter at the philosophical words, and Steve could see him gently knock shoulders with Tony, the mechanic’s smile growing to a grin.
“I met a man there, he was acting as a medic of sorts. Back on his planet, he’d been one of the finest doctors, but,” Tony let out a small, humourless huff. “He saved my life at one point and soon we got to talking. Before I knew it, we had a plan to escape. Between my innate knowhow of the workings of the ship, the freedom privileges he was allowed due to his medical knowledge, and a lot of luck. We managed to get away in one of the escape pods during a landing.”
Medical supplies, he supposed, had been smuggled onto the planet, only for the culprits to have been caught before they could move them on to their real destination. Hence, Steve and his crew found themselves picking up the pieces and taking on cargo of unknown origin. Steve would charge extra for that when they reached their destination.
Darcy pulled back suddenly with a shaky inhale, choking on a small laugh. Moving quickly to the coffee table, she picked up something wrapped in fabric that he vaguely recognised as being the jumper she had favoured when she’d been about twelve. Moving back over to him, she gave a small smile as she held it out to him.
“Mm, apparently the chicken told him that was it’s ‘true name’,” Tony replied, looking delighted with the ridiculousness of it all.
“You may, however, wish to get to the kitchen before her in an effort to prevent another baking session,” Jarvis suggested.
Although, Steve couldn’t really fault Tony for ending up shot, it was a miracle that no one else had been injured with that many guns going off at them.
“That’s not very nice of you, Stark. All I want is to understand,” Traveller frowned at him for a moment before a small smile lifted the corner of his mouth. “Perhaps you just need a stronger incentive?” he offered, like he was suggesting Tony have an extra piece of candy in the hopes it would make him a better-behaved child.
Steve had a brief moment of disappointment, but the feeling faded quickly when Tony turned and linked their hands together on the table, his calloused fingers slipping between Steve’s own. Contentment curled within his chest and he leaned back in his chair, sipping on his ale with his other hand.
“Steve,” there was a definite breathlessness to Tony’s voice as he ran a hand through Steve’s hair while rocking his hips downward, both of them moaning when their cloth covered erections met.
Thor and Natasha were already heading back to the Avenger, tired but cheerful after another successful job.
“Let go! I didn’t create you to be literally clingy. Let go, you bas-you dummy!” he checked himself just in time. He probably swore too much in front of Darcy as it was, no use adding fuel to that preverbal fire when he was attached to a machine. The bot gave a particularly hard tug at the last word, almost succeeding in sending Tony, and by extension, Darcy to the ground.
When Tony looked up again some two hours later, he was surprised to find Steve was still there, sitting on the couch and diligently sketching away in a familiar sketchbook with a small case of pencils resting on the arm of the chair.
“So, where were we?” He asked, taking two different flavoured cider mugs and handing one over to Tony with a small smile.
Steve had been doing the odd job for Nick for a few years now, and the two shared something of a grudging respect. Steve provided a way around the law for Nick to achieve his goals, and in return Nick paid Steve for his services and looked the other way instead of arresting him and his crew.
sent vibrations throughout the vessel, so strong that they felt as if they were rattling through Steve’s very body. Tony stumbled during the impact, and Steve grabbed for him, hauling him into the space between his chest and where he was holding onto the metal lip of the control station.
The best discovery Steve made as Tony’s boyfriend, however, happened almost a month after they’d begun dating.
“Come on, come on,” she grinned. If Tony hadn’t been so rudely awoken, he’d have been more amused by her excitement then mourning his sleep.
Climbing onto the crate attached to the bike, Steve steadied himself as Clint revved the engine before the machine jerked forwards, taking off down the ramp and onto the sandy soil of Tadamori.
Tony managed to calm his pounding heart and once more immerse himself in the mindless chick flick. It wasn’t until, half an hour later when Steve laughed at a particularly amusing moment within the movie, that Tony realised the Captain had, at some point, moved closer to him so that they were now pressed together from shoulder to knee.
Looking around the large room once more, he felt a cold lump settle in his gut at the familiar looking lamp sitting innocently on a small side table before him. While the shade was nothing extraordinary, the lamp had precious jewels embedded into the solid gold stand.
“If you two wanna catch up, how’s about you do it in the privacy of the ship? We don’t need everyone gawkin’ at you.”
On the evening of the fourth day, Tony was pulled from fiddling with an upgraded code for the camera software on the newest StarkPhone, by the sudden silence in his workshop. Lifting his head in surprise at the lack of music, he blinked a few times to adjust to looking at something other than codes and schematics, only to tense at seeing Steve heading right for him across the room.
Tony turned back to Darcy. Gently stroking the baby’s cheek, he wondered when she would wake up so that she could meet him properly.
“Of course,” she nodded her head slightly, the look on her face saying that he needn’t have bothered asking as she’d have done it anyway.
Over the next few days, only the appearance of food in his workshop three times a day, the rest of the Tower’s residents left him alone. Tony would have preferred to be left completely alone in a locked down lab after his small breakdown in front of most of the important people in his life.
Steve opened his mouth, not yet sure if he was gong to tell the archer to go away or not, when Tony let out a happy sound and was moving across the kitchen to the exit, hands wiping on his dirty jeans and staining them black without a seconds thought.
Darcy giggled and let him lead her out onto the floor wherein he’d slowly spun her around in a simplified version of the waltz, ignoring the two hundred other people there. Watching as she tried to mimic his feet placement, her eyes stuck on his shiny black dress shoes and her own black baby heels, he gave in and nudged her until she was standing on the toes of his shoes so that he could sweep them about the large ballroom floor to the sound of a live orchestra and her delighted laughter.
“I thought, since you’ve decided to move to New York on a semi-permanent basis, that you might need a bit of extra help in the workshop. You know, so you don’t drive Jarvis up the wall with your menial demands,” Darcy smirked.
“Obie was my godfather, I thought that meant something to him. I was wrong. I found out when he sold me to the Ten Rings. Later, I discovered he’d been the one to arrange my father’s death as well. He wanted the company and the money that came with it.”
“Alright, Tony. I’m going so why’re you hiding down here,” Darcy was a whirl of energy as she came into the workshop with a quick press of numbers, nervousness hidden behind the excitement.
Tony had been at a collage party the day he received the call from Obie, telling him in subdued tones that his father had been involved in a fatal car accident, that Jarvis had been behind the wheel and that the other motorist had run a red light; Tony’s first thought was to wonder why bad news always reached him via phone. He then had a near panic attack about Darcy’s whereabouts.
The last thing he recalled was parting ways with Pepper, feeling as though he was on a high from having seen his friend for the first time in many years. The bright, ludicrous apprehension that she wouldn’t recognise him had quickly vanished when her eyes had widened in recognition and she’d thrown her arms around him. He’d allowed himself to indulge in her familiar warmth for a few moments before they’d pulled apart. The brief updates he’d sent her for the past few years via a network of bartenders that she payed off around the ‘verse didn’t exactly work two ways. It was rare that they’d had anything for him, as Pepper was good, but not omnipresent in her ability to predict where he might turn up next.
Steve moved quickly through the ship, glancing into every room as he passed, making sure there was nothing there and that it wasn’t what he was searching for.
“Mister Stark,” Pepper seemed to have pulled herself together as the conversation delved into superhero territory. “You need to sign these papers. I will be back in an hour to collect them,” she dumped the papers on the closest worktop bench before turning in her very high heels and walking from the room.
The crew find more then they bargained for when investigating some space debris, but the bigger problem it yet to come when an encounter with a USC ship ends in horror.
Natasha was playing a game of Tall Card with Bruce and Thor in the dining room, the trio most likely betting ship chores as their currency. As usual, Natasha was winning, however Bruce wasn’t too far behind her. If Thor had any sense he’d have backed out by now, but Steve was sure the man would end up with the majority of the ships’ chores for the next Earth-that-was month.
robot and all. I figure, Darcy’s kept him all this time, she may as well have him at his best rather than half broken and all scratched up,” Tony kept his eyes on the robot, fingers moving over the sleekly finished metal pieces now painted a shiny black, Sparky’s tail wagging as the touch sensitive software picked up on the contact.
“From the limited intelligence we’ve gathered so far, a mutant who calls himself Doctor Traveller is behind this. He was a specialist in the field of criminal psychology, but had a nervous breakdown that triggered latent mutant powers. Now he’s going around screwing with people’s heads and causing people to have psychotic breakdowns, while every serial killer he comes into contact with is suddenly becoming a super genius,” Fury bit out.
A grin spread over his face at the familiar sound of a British accented voice coming through the slightly tinny speakers.
“Thought you might find it interestin’,” Clint said. “No signs of any official USC tagging on the debris, so it might yet have been scavenged.”
He didn’t think about the scorching heat of the sun on his back and how his feet burned in the sand. After God knew how long of being stuck in that dank, dark, cave, his skin was particularly sensitive and it had steadily reddened under the foreign sun.
“It wasn’t even just me, Darc. My weapons killed good, honest soldiers. The Stark name was written all over the sides of those bombs. God,” he closed his eyes, hands clenched into fists. “Some of those kids would have been your age. I can’t, I just,” he broke off as he pushed a hand through his hair in frustration, his throat tight.
Steve couldn’t help but smile fondly before he moved to shove everything back into the cupboard, no one would notice if it was a bit messier than usual. And if Steve’s dick was half-hard in his pants while he did it and his thoughts carried the image of Tony moving rhythmically and making a similar, more pleasured version of that ‘yes’ in a slightly different situation, well, that was his business.
Sitting down at one of the back tables, just in case someone did see them and thought to approach, Tony fiddled with the small packet of sugar that was sitting in a metal container besides the flower vase. He hadn’t felt this nervous about a date in his life, even when he’d had that first date with Rumiko Fujikawa, who he’d thought himself crazy for when he was sixteen and rebelling against his father by dating a business rivals’ daughter. That particular relationship had crashed and burned due to their differing priorities in life, and Rumiko’s inability to understand why Tony always put Darcy first.
Tony was still at the bar; however, he had attracted the attention of the bartender and the two were leaning close together, appearing for all the world as if Tony was asking for a certain drink over the low murmur of the crowd.
Obie’s head snapped back and the man himself fell heavily onto the tiles, a dent visible in his forehead where the lamp had connected.
“What-what happened to the room? Where’s your stupid outfit gone? Where the hell is my Iron Man armour?” Tony yelled, renewing his struggles against the strong arms around him.
“Oi!” Tony called out when they didn’t separate after what he considered an acceptable amount of time to be snogging someone in a room full of other people.
He managed to get a hit into Obie’s side, before he shoved the older man off him and scrambled to his feet. Snatching up the heavy ornate lamp, he turned around as Obie began to get to his feet and he didn’t think, he just swung.
“Are you kidding me with this, get rid of them,” Tony snapped, annoyed at the sight. There was no way he was spending any time in a hospital after being cooped up for months. He’d already had the medics at the American base swarming over him. Not to mention, he knew the paparazzi sharks would love to catch him in a moment of weakness, being held by a terrorist organisation for months on end wasn’t enough of an excuse for them.
“You said it, buddy,” Clint laughed loudly beside the large man, the ale in his own mug sloshing dangerously close to the lip.
He leant an elbow on the table, cushioning his chin on his palm, the other hand still free to gesture as he spoke. The fact that he was sitting at an empty plate with no clear indicators that he was actually going to get up and get himself something to eat, didn’t seem to bother him.
“Did you get a different one to me,” Tony broke through the gentle quiet that had settled over them, leaning forward and clearly sniffing the air, the scent of cinnamon that had been added to Steve’s cider was strong.
“Darcy, listen to me, okay?” Tony said, a touch of urgency in his voice as he got closer and closer to the portal.
Breathing in a deep breath, he moved in order to lever himself upright, but paused in surprise when he realised that a large, warm hand had been slowly rubbing up and down his back in a manner that was unbelievably soothing
“Yes, she-” Jarvis broke off and Tony could just make out the sound of a voice in the background, before there was a muffled noise.
– Pay attention to the freighter, number “Avenger”, ID card registration number 110-412. Previously issued detention and arrest warrants on behalf of the World Security Council. Suspension in the name of the law and preparation for boarding immediately.
The seating arrangements for their movie nights was the same as last time, with Thor and Jane once again claiming the double couch, and Natasha contorting into what Tony was positive was a highly uncomfortable position on the single chair. Bruce calmly took the floor, while Clint bitched and moaned that it wasn’t fair that he never got a seat. The rest of the room ignored his complaints, and Darcy, Steve and Tony sat on the three-seater couch. Only this time, Darcy claimed Tony’s usual corner, leaving him with no choice but to sit in-between his sister and the man who seemed determined to invade his personal space.
Steve caught Clint’s eye and the man nodded, hand resting on the appropriate lever, his fingers flexing.
“You need to take better care of yourself as well as doing all this inventing,” she pulled back with a small smile, her hands moving to rest on his biceps.
“Aye, you do us proud, dear Captain. We must stand united against all those who seek to divide us,” Thor banged his fist on the table top, causing all the plates and forks to rattle dangerously.
Steve looked over to see a young woman standing there, her pale face framed by long dark hair that fell past her shoulders in loose waves.
“Rhodey doesn’t have a sense of fun, so he’s hardly someone to reference,” Tony let out a sigh, eyes gazing at his poor bot that was still unsuccessfully trying to pick up the wire. “Dummy, give it up, will you? You’re just embarrassing both of us now.”
Steve had been coming home from a morning run, Bruce just arriving back from the early morning market where, apparently, only the good stuff could be found if you were one of the first to arrive. Clint and Natasha had been at SHIELD and were only just arriving home and Thor had just come back from one of his favourite past times, ogling the rush of the early morning commuters via train.
“Love it when you’re bent over cleaning something, the way your ass looks is so fucking hot.” Steve grinned, kneading the flesh beneath his palms and delighting in the stuttered breath Tony took at his curse. The fact that Tony could almost cum from a few light touches and a load of swearing and dirty talk in his ear was something Steve absolutely loved about him.
“It sounds like the name of a superhero,” Darcy offered eagerly, leaning forward with a large grin on her face.
“If it’s Obie, tell him to wait a minute and I’ll be right up,” he squinted at the screen before him, mind turning over the streams of coded numbers, letters and symbols.
Letting out an exasperated breath, Steve turned to leave, only for Tony’s quiet call of his name to stop him.
Tony waited until he was sure she had passed into an exhausted slumber before looking up at Obie who had been quietly on the phone in the corner of the room since Tony had sat on the couch.
The weather was already beginning to chill as September approached and Tony found himself in the unusual situation of sitting in a hard-backed chair in the drawing room of Stark manor. A textbook sat open on his lap as he silently read while his father stood before the open fireplace, a glass of brandy reflecting in the flames. The only sounds in the room came from the cracking of the fire, the clink of ice against glass and the steady tick-tick-tick from the ornate clock on the mantle.
But Steve held his wrist still; leaning over so that their noses were almost touching and he was sure he had at least 50% of Tony’s attention.
Resolving that a night out was the best course of action, Steve raised a hand in greeting to Clint and Thor as they emerged from the crowds.
“It’s good,” Tony hummed, eyes slipping closed in happiness and dark thoughts fading in the face of perfection.
“That’s You and Butterfingers, they’re a bit shyer than Dummy,” Tony supplied, content for the moment to watch his bots interact with the new human in their domain.
“In the end,” Tony said, opting to ignore the pilot. “We were lookin’ for different things, and she couldn’t accept me. I was a nobody, she is the heiress of a major galactic corporation. It was better for me to leave, better for the both of us to part ways.”
“Please tell me that the fact that this is the university that Doctor Banner, now the Hulk, taught at has nothing to do with your decision to apply.”
Allowing himself to relax slightly with no chance of his crew poking their heads into the space, Steve sat down heavily on his bed and ran a hand over his face. Leaning forward with his elbows on his knees, he gave himself a moment to let his mind drift. It was only a small respite from his growing headache, but it was enough.
They walked over to the grass, sitting down in a clear area where they could still hear the music, but it wasn’t so loud that they couldn’t converse with one another if they wanted to.
Heaving a great sigh like this was the most inconvenient thing on the planet; Tony pushed away from the worktable and stood.
“While the USC ensures planets have enough oxygen and water for human inhabitance, it doesn’t alter the planets’ reaction to colonisation. Every planet has it’s own effect on the humans living on it, for good or bad,” she said.
“Oh, my God, he’s so cute! Tony! Look at his little nose,” she gushed happily, holding the dog up and looking at him with large eyes. Sparky let out a series of happy sounding yips, tail almost a blur with how fast it was wagging.
“I’m lookin’ for someone to work some maintenance on my ships' engine on the way in to Ariel. If you’re interested?” He offered.
Finally, he was as alone as he was able to get, back in his workshop where Dummy, You and Butterfingers had attempted to clean up the broken glass on the floor from the smashed case.
. He was sure that he would break, he’d shatter, and he’d reach for the bottle and stay there for as long as it took to numb the hurt in his chest. He’d turn into his father, something he couldn’t do. He had to look after Darcy; she needed him.
Sitting on the kitchen counter, he poked and prodded at his StarkPad, for once not in the mood to really do anything. When Steve had returned from the debrief, he’d wasted no time in tracking down Tony and chewing his ear off. Something about being part of a team meant Tony had to sit through boring-ass breakdowns of fights he had been directly involved in.
"Don't you have a ship to pilot?" Steve called out to him, wrapping his arms around Tony and pulling the laughing man into his chest properly as he stared down the pilot over the mechanics head.
, Tony thought as he was lectured on proper safety protocols. Seriously, Tony didn’t need this crap from a man who had deliberately disobeyed orders to get where he was in life… Okay, the 70-year sleep had probably been a surprise to Rogers as well, but really. Then he insulted the Tower and, honestly, Tony sternly told his libido to get lost and focus on someone not as infuriating.
Confused, Tony looked down, but the hem of her dress hid the majority of her legs. Kneeling on the hardwood floor, he pulled her dress up enough to see that her right knee was bright pink. A single red line stretched diagonally over the cap, a tiny bead of blood having welled up on the surface.
The archer had taken one look at the mumbling genius and a grin had stretched across his face. Making his way towards the couch, no doubt to turn the television on, he had thrown a wink over his shoulder to Tony and the comment:
“What do you think?” Steve asked Tony, amused by the way the mechanics' eyes were darting about, trying to take in as many of the sights as possible.
Natasha placed a calming hand on the man’s arm, but it only softened the set of his shoulders slightly.
“Captain, shall I take the far side?” he gestured to where a few lone stairs were will attached to what had been the floor.
“Come on, how about we get you back to bed?” he suggested, loosening his hold on her after a moment of silence.
“Look,” he finally tore his eyes away from the book and looked at Steve, mouth drawn hard with determination. “If you can’t swing it, no problem. Drop me off on the nearest planet with an intergalactic shippin’ station and I’ll make my own way.”
Then he was on his back, pain blooming in his chest and ears ringing. Pulling at his shirt, he saw red staining his fingers and knew, just knew.
Tony blinked at him in genuine surprise. It appeared that, while he’d wanted to ask, he’d been expecting Steve to reject his request and dump him on whatever was the closest planet.
“I am, however, increasingly curious as to how such a group as yourselves came together under one ship’s crew,” he added, eyes once more jumping from person to person.
“Yes, Jarvis,” Tony committed the words to memory, assuring himself that this was something he would never forget. He wouldn’t let Jarvis down.
“I feel…” he began, for some reason his tongue was hard to work, like his mouth was full of chocolate cake and he was trying to talk around it.
“Well, this isn’t creepy, like silence of the lambs, at all,” he said quietly, eyes looking around carefully.
“Excuse me!” Clint squawked, flailing slightly as he pushed himself upright and then to his feet. Stomping over to Tony, he turned and all but shoved his butt into Tony’s face.
Tony laughed, looking cheered up by Thor’s tale, and Steve slipped his own hand beneath the tablet to clasp the mechanics. Tony spared him a quicksilver smile, his hand turning to link their fingers together, before his attention returned to the loud man.
Steve gestured to the small kitchen area where the many compartments of protein and other foodstuffs could be found in a series of cabinets.
If Steve noticed - and how could he not? Tony was practically a red stoplight his cheeks were so warm - he didn’t say anything. Although, the remarkably pleased air about him told Tony that he was somewhat aware of it. Tony, for his part, stared determinedly at the elevator wall as they rose in silence, Steve standing more in Tony’s personal space than out of it.
Sneaking into Viastone's factory had required him and Thor to dress up in Viastone uniforms, pushing a delivery crate into the buildings loading docks. Some forged paperwork and they were inside the factory. Locating Doctor Cho was as simple as finding the only locked door in the storage room sector. They’d hidden her in the crate and walked out of the building with no one being any the wiser.
There was no way in hell Tony would leave Darcy to face the world alone. He knew he wasn’t the prefect role model or brother, but he would always be there for her, whether she needed him or not. When he got out of here - and it had to be when because he couldn’t bear the thought of her having to bury another family member, Jarvis and their parents had been enough - he was going to change for the better.
Clint had laughed to himself, evidently amused despite the lack of response he received from the genius who had flat out ignored him, before flopping down on the couch and requesting JARVIS turn on some movie about a kung fu kid.
“Obie,” he pushed the word out, mind trying to run at its usual 150%, but stagnating at a measly 70% thanks to some asshole whacking him over the head.
“Hi, Rhodey!” Darcy’s voice came loudly from the tinny speakers of Tony’s phone. Honestly, he needed to do something about using other people’s phones, he’d improved the laughably clunky Microsoft tablet that had been knocking about the local market, and phones should logically be the next step. Just because he was a weapons dealer didn’t mean he couldn’t branch out a bit.
Natasha, who had been quietly sipping her cup of coffee and watching the others, waited only long enough for Clint to depart as well before speaking.
“You can hardly blame us. You’ve spent all your time since you came out as Iron Man, superheroing around and saving the world. Then you suddenly decide to chuck together a Stark Expo like dad did back in the day? Even for you, Tony, this is pretty erratic behaviour.”
” Tony murmured suddenly after a few minutes of silence, his hand casually reaching behind him to brush against the small of his back where he’d concealed his gun before they’d left the ship. Given they’d been travelling together for a while now, Steve had relinquished the laser gun back to Tony, figuring that it was unlikely that the man would turn it on the rest of the crew at this stage.
Steve remained where he was, mind wandering to the engine room where he knew Tony was currently crooning to the bloody engine like it was his baby he was trying to sooth. As ridiculous as the man’s antics were, no one could deny that they’d never had such a long period of efficient travel. The engine had been working like it was brand new ever since the man had laid his hands on it.
“Lies. I’m too fabulous to drool,” he snorted, discretely running a hand over the sheets and internally wincing at the wet patch it encountered.
“No, nothing to do with that,” Tony reassured her. “This is something I’ve been thinking about for a while, now.”
Wrapping her up in his arms, Tony helped her sit on his lap, the position not the most comfortable one in the world when he was sitting on a small stool, but tolerable for the moment.
“What’s he doin'?” Clint muttered as they followed along, crouched low in an effort to remain covert.
In fact, Steve wasn’t actually sure why Tony had been waiting in the cargo hold for them in the first place. Why the man had seemingly pulled that gun from nowhere again and had begun firing away with an unusual degree of accuracy for someone who claimed to be a traveller and sometimes mechanic.
“Don’t you have another mug of cider to guzzle?” Tony asked, voice sugar sweet as he lent into Steve’s side comfortingly.
“Hey, you awake now?” he asked, rolling over to her. Once in reaching distance, she immediately took his hand, giving it a quick, tight, squeeze, before letting go.
Turning back to the baby - to Darcy, his sister - Tony stared down at her silently. Reaching out, he grabbed the railing with one hand and slipped his other through one of the gaps in railing. Slowly extending it, he paused with his fingers mere inches from the baby’s face, waiting with baited breath to be told not to touch, not to disturb, that he wasn't allowed.
“She’ll be thrilled,” Tony snorted. The weird back and forth thing with the StarkPlayer that Darcy and Phil did was a mysterious game that Tony didn’t even pretend to understand. “Now, what’s this I hear about a cellist?” Tony couldn’t keep the grin off his face this time, pleased when the smallest amount of surprise flickered across the agents face.
“Jasmine,” he found himself saying, looking slightly over Darcy’s head, unable to lie to her face but unwilling to stop his tongue when it started. “She smelled like jasmine, I think it was something to do with her perfume?” A lie. Maria Stark had favoured whatever was most popular at the time. Tony could distinctly remember the orange coconut fragrance of that year and, whenever a woman passed him by smelling of Escada, he had to double check it wasn’t her. “And she, she smiled a lot. A nice smile, like the ones you see moms on TV give their kids,” he glanced at Darcy, slightly taken aback at her undivided attention, little hands clutching excitedly at the armrest of the chair.
“But, custom on this planet is that if your next year is destined to be extremely bright and prosperous, the fire eats the corn husk so quickly that it burns your hand, cautionin’ you to be thankful for the gifts you’re about to receive.”
“Go ‘way,” he groaned, bringing his arms up to cover his head in the absence of a pillow to hide under.
“We should have thrown a party to welcome them. With streamers and lots of cans of motor oil,” Tony said, a touch saddened by the missed opportunity.
"Hey, I was thinkin'," Tony began, a slight pinking of his cheeks successfully capturing Steve's entire attention. "There's a dwarf planet called Eris not too far from here, and they've got a harvest festival approachin'. If you'd like, we could stop over for the celebrations?"
“It was a waste of valuable time. How do you expect to take over Stark Industries one day if you can’t even conduct yourself appropriately now? You’re fifteen, Anthony, the only projects you should be working on are to benefit the company. Time to grow the fuck up,” he took a menacing step towards Tony, finger extended in his direction.
Swinging his legs back to the floor, the sound of his boots thwacking on the metal caught Tony’s attention, and he turned his head to face him, eyes slow to focus.
“There’s someone here to see you,” she blurted out before she’d even reached the last step, her breathing audible from where Tony was sitting.
“Yes, but there is a chain of command to adhere to… Sir,” Steve tacked on the last word almost as an afterthought.
“How is Darcy?” Tony asked, sitting forward with both feet planted firmly on the ground, his whole attention focusing on Jarvis’s voice, listening closely for any change in tone or inflection.
The cargo finally loaded and secure, Steve eyed the town’s people as he climbed up to perch atop the goods themselves. Thor sat behind the wheel of the transport bike they were using to move the cargo, the whole load dipping slightly with the man’s weight. Natasha slid in next to Thor, while Tony seated himself with his back to Steve, body facing the small dirt cloud the bike stirred up as they began to make their way back to the ship.
“I’ll be in a tiny town no one’s ever heard of, spending my nights staring up at the stars,” she couldn’t hold in the smile.
“You need to work on those projects for General Ross,” Pepper said, making Tony groan loudly and try to roll away from her via stool.
“Can we not talk about that at the kitchen table?” Steve asked, ears slightly pink as he stared determinedly at the frying pan before him.
Now, if only Tony would tell him what in the ‘verse his problem was, life on the ship could return to normal.
The mechanic grinned in return, accepting his mug and taking a sip, humming happily at the sweet apple taste.
Steve stiffened at Thor’s words, surprised the man had just asked so boldly in front of the rest of the crew. A look around showed that, while not everyone was staring at Tony, they were all clearly listening for the answer.
“Iron Man, we have a debrief with Fury to get to,” Steve took a step towards him, hand rising as if he was preparing to grab hold of the armour to him to keep him there.
He stood staring into the darkness for a full minute before clenching his jaw and turning in the direction he knew home was.
Every time Steve heard one of the comments, from when Clint caught Tony wiping down the glass table and said: ‘I’ll give you something to rub down’, to when Tony was on his hands and knees scrubbing at a particularly stubborn mark on the floor and Clint walked past with an amused: ‘I’m pretty sure my bedroom floor needs a good scrub too’. Steve felt the now familiar heat curl in his stomach and he couldn’t help the way all his muscles tensed with anger, his fists clenched at his sides.
“I don’t think there’s actually a cake with a name that ridiculous,” Clint snorted, fork already spearing a large chunk of his slice.
Steve stared at him as he weighed his options. Tony was leaning as far forward in his seat as his restraints would allow, as though he’d be following right after Steve given half a chance. His brown eyes were trained on Steve, mouth set in a determined line.
had time for me. You gave me the most incredible memories and sense of being loved and cherished, all without ever asking for anything in return. And I,” her eyes suddenly grew wet.
“That’s what you get when you overindulge with ale. If it wasn’t for our dear mechanic bringing you back to the ship in a timely manner, I’ve no doubt that you’d be trying to convince him to go sightseeing still.”
A soft, blue light filled the room, and Steve found himself frozen, bloodied shirt in one hand, scissors in the other, Tony’s hand still weakly holding onto his wrist. He stared at the man lying before him, the bloody wound barely registering as his eyes were stuck on the strange blue disc of light that peaked through Tony’s fingers.
Thank you, honestly, from the bottom of my heart for those who are still sticking with this. There's only one chapter after this and it's all wrapped up, but here's the first - and last - chapter in Tony's POV.
Steve cautiously moved throughout the ship, taking note of the strangeness that only increased the further they moved into it. They passed through a dining room, meals still sitting on tables half eaten, as though someone was coming back for them. They peered into what appeared to be sleeping quarters and saw beds half made, a young child’s teddy bear laying on its side on the floor, forgotten. They made a few more turns before they reached a securely locked door.
“This might be serious. Coulson doesn’t look so good,” Darcy said quietly from her place at his side.
“They’re very… interesting, names,” he held his hands out to the other bots, like they were strange dogs that needed to scent him before they would let him touch them. Tony didn’t know what was more ridiculous, the fact that Steve was treating some of the only learning bots in the world like nervous puppies, or that it was actually working. Tony had no idea where the nervousness around humans had come from for You and Butterfingers, but they generally took a while to warm up to new people, they’d taken months with Pepper and Rhodey. Darcy had even taken a week before they’d happily allowed petting and cooing. Butterfingers especially, was rather fond of Darcy now.
“Stay safe, Rumiko,” Tony said, before Steve heard him approaching and saw him pass from the shadows where he was hidden.
Moving over to the cot, Tony leaned up on tiptoe so he could see over the railing. Unsurprisingly, there was a baby within, dressed in white with a white cap, eyes closed in sleep, pink chubby cheeks standing out as the only splash of colour.
Tony stopped listening after that, his knees giving out on him, causing him to stumble slightly before he allowed himself to give in to gravity and sink onto the grassy front lawn of a strangers' house.
“The Avengers Initiative was scrapped, I thought,” Tony commented as he easily sidestepped his sister. “And I didn’t even qualify,” He glanced over at Phil, ignoring the sting he still felt over that. It wasn’t that he’d wanted to be a part of the super-secret boy band Fury was putting together, but it would have been more fun if he’d refused rather than been told he couldn’t join even if he’d wanted to.
Tony wound his way through people and shops with almost telepathic ease, and Steve didn’t doubt for a moment that Tony was familiar with this planet. There’s always been a certain ease with which Tony navigated streets, but this wasn’t just a good sense of direction, this was experience.
“What the hell?” he gasped, staring at the rising water level in disbelief, it was almost at his hips now.
“It’s okay. You know I’ll stand by whatever you think is best for the company… You might want to steer clear from Rhodey and Obie for a while, though. I think your announcement just about gave both of them a heart attack,” amusement coloured her voice for a moment.
“Jane went to some planetarium observatory thing at the university, so Thor tagged along with her. Darcy is out to lunch with her university friends,” Tony ticked off his fingers. “Natasha is…” he trailed off, and looked at Clint expectantly.
“Yes, we haven’t seen one another in many years – I didn’t even think you’d still be here, given everything that happened,” Natasha said, looking at Pepper.
Like a magnet, Steve’s eyes found Tony’s at the sound of his name, and the warmth there eased Steve’s nerves.
“Okay! Yes, I know you’re there! We have company, in case you hadn’t noticed, so how about you pretend you know what good behaviour is and you go and say hi?” Tony gently pushed the inquisitive bot towards Steve, who looked almost as curious.
“What I find more interesting, however, is that you wanted to sightsee at all. I’ve never known you to care about the tourist traps on any planet in the ‘verse before.”
“Are you sure this is what you want to do?” Darcy asked quietly, looking down at him from where his head was resting on her lap, the rest of his sore body stretched out on the couch in the main lounge room of the Malibu mansion.
“If we had a stronger engine, no problems. With what we’ve got, Captain, the fasted speed we’ve ever managed to coax outta her is under their maximum. We’d just as well stay put then add attempted escape to our list of transgressions.” Clint groaned.
“Indeed, Sir. Perhaps, if you’re having difficulties remembering the exact location of the kitchen coffee pot, you might consider taking a nap instead of caffeinating?”
Steve had been reluctant to venture so far into the Core planets to get to New, New York, but their contact had insisted that they deliver the goods there and he wanted to get paid.
Tony blinked quietly, surprised by the outburst from the usually calm and collected man. Though, he supposed, it was bound to happen eventually. There was no way someone could adjust to such an alien world without some kind of backlash. It might also explain why Steve had been such a pain in the ass recently, uptight and getting annoyed over the littlest of things.
As seems to be my thing, sorry about the late update. If you’re interested in why then head over to my Tumblr (linked at the bottom of the post) where I explain a little bit.
“Come on, we’d better get back home, before anything else decided to attack us tonight.” Steve said, hand moving to rest on the hilt of his own iron sword that hung around his waist.
“That’s right, I got you sweetheart, I got you.” Steve peppered his face with tender kisses for a moment, resting his weight on one arm so he could reach down and position himself at the stretched pucker of Tony’s hole.
“I’m working as something of a go-between today. I have someone who has had an employee kidnapped and they wish for their safe return. They should be arriving shortly,” Nick said.
As the mechanic was about to slip around a corner, he suddenly did a double take and froze where he stood. Then, before Steve could work out what it was that had caught his attention so thoroughly, he was off in a different direction. It only took Steve two streets before he realised that Tony was no longer headed with a destination in mind, rather he was following someone.
“I brought Bruce back the new Standard Companion Immunization Package, so he’s playing with it in the Infirmary,” she said, telling him more than she usually did about what she got up to when she was working. If she’d had an Immunization Package, she must have been seeing more than just clients, she had likely seen an official from the Companion Organisation.
“We just call him Tony,” Steve said slowly, eyes darting around briefly to take in the most likely escape routes in case Pepper decided to try and run.
Tony spent the rest of the elevator ride spluttering and trying to get his tongue to work properly in order to tell his delusional sister that she didn’t know shit, and that if she ever told anyone he’d had a Captain America poster on the wall of his room until he was nineteen, he’d hack her Facebook account and post all the embarrassing pictures of her he could find - and with Jarvis as his accomplice, that would be a
“Pleasure doin’ business with you,” the stranger tipped an imaginary hat and quickly turned to Steve and his crew. “Let’s go before he decides he don’t much like our transaction.”
While Jane looked like she was struggling between being annoyed at his interruption, and embarrassed by the attention they’d gained, Thor just nodded.
“Just so you’re aware,” he called out as Tony moved to the kitchen. “We need to make a short stop on Tadamori before we reach Ariel. We’ve been tasked with delivering some supplies to them. I hope that ain’t no problem?”
“Since the Fantastic Four have gone AWOL this week, it’s fallen to us to play clean up,” Clint explained as he flew the Quinjet to Kentucky, where Doom had decided he would take over the world - and seriously,
“Ready?” Steve looked to Thor who was securing his bubbled helmet in place, a large grin stretched across his face as he raised a hand, thumb upwards.
Steve resumed eating his meal as if nothing was out of the ordinary. The last thing he needed was for a mechanic to be sniffing around in his business, especially one that they knew nothing about.
“Thank you, Doctor. Alert me when he’s conscious, please,” he turned to leave before pausing and looking back.
“Look,” Tony let out a loud breath through his nose. “I really don’t think we need to sugar coat this, okay?” he dug his fingers into his thighs. “Just tell me flat out that you want me off the team. I can go back to solo work.”
“Come, good doctor, let us prepare the midday meal together,” Thor clapped a large hand on Bruce’s shoulder, but the man didn’t seem phased when he rocked forward from the force on the hand. The two wandered off after the others, leaving Steve alone in the cargo bay with Tony.
“Thor, go,” Steve called out to the front, one hand clamping down on the secured cargo so that he wouldn’t fall off, the other reaching for his gun.
“Come on, we can always do with a little bit of extra luck on our side. A bountiful year sounds pretty good to me,” he grinned.
Steve only had a moment to enjoy himself, the warmth of Tony's lips against his own, the light scratch of his beard when he tilted his head to the side to slot their mouths against one another at a better angle. The moment was lovely, but before Steve was ready, the other man was pulling away from him, laughter bubbling up from his throat. Tony ducked down bashfully, forehead resting against Steve's shoulder as he shook with laughter. Steve was confused for a moment, before the sound of Clint's loud exclamations of protest reached his ears and he was rolling his eyes before he'd even registered the words.
“No is a complete answer,” Tony didn’t react as he felt Darcy press gently against his side, although she was trying to be mindful of his injured arm, he had to suppress the desire to pull away as she leaned in a bit too hard.
“Yep, a Diamond Sword. I thought you might like it.” Tony grinned in pleasure at Steve’s speechlessness.
“Maria Stark, the woman who gave birth to us, was a distant, cold, and entitled woman who only had children because it was the current trend and it was expected of her. She was almost worse than our Father, at least he acknowledged that he had kids,” Tony let out a bitter laugh as he looked away from her, unable to stomach seeing the shock and betrayal that was sure to cover her features.
He noted absentmindedly that he could make out Thor standing at the ring tossing stall, Clint behind and to the side of him as he cheered him on.
Before Steve, the cobblestone streets held only foot traffic, all types of transportation strictly limited to the various ships that filled the pearlescent blue skies. The people that walked the streets were almost as beautiful as their surroundings, the light bouncing off the various gemstones and baubles that they had adorned themselves with. Ariel was the playground for the culturally inquisitive of the ‘verse.
“Hello, Darcy, how’s university life treating you?” the earlier exasperation at Tony now replaced with warm affection.
“I’ll focus when I can go home,” Tony muttered, leaning back in his chair with a huff. He’d had plans today, important plans that had involved a lot of inventing and making out with his boyfriend on the couch in his workshop.
“Twenty-five credit, twenty-five credit. You want, Mister, you pay,” the seedy-looking man gestured emphatically with his hand, the fancy rings weighing down each finger catching the muted light. His yellowed teeth were visible in a sly smile, and Steve knew he was getting ripped off with the price.
important, Tony,” she argued as he pulled his jeans back on, finding a Black Sabbath shirt on his dresser that looked clean enough, he slipped it over his head.
“The investigative detective had been silenced, and my safe looted and the house burned to the ground. Tony disappeared from my life and I was left with whatever I could scrounge up as compensation,” Rumiko stood and brushed down the front of her skirt.
“Actual pathways, the subtle indicator of a Core planet, you never see that kinda stuff in the Rim,” he rambled.
When the all clear had been given, Natasha opened the airlock door and Clint, Tony and Bruce moved forward to help lug the boxes into the cargo hold properly, while Steve and Thor removed their space suits.
“Are we diggin’ it up, Captain?” Clint asked, already squatted down beside the rock and poking it with his finger.
“Dummy! No, just, no. Get out of my face, you menace, you're the reason behind most of the mess in this place,” Tony gently pushed the bot out of his face as he fought a grin, fingers automatically running up and down the bots’ support strut in a familiar and comforting motion.
“However, there was much he did not tell me. I knew nothing of his past, he spoke not a word of where he was from or what he had spent the first decades of his life doing. All I knew of him was that he had arrived on my planet a few weeks before we met, and that was all. It didn’t matter how I begged or tried to bargain, he would not reveal anything to me.” Her fingers stilled, eyes becoming distant.
“Rhodey, I’m touched, really, I am. I think I’m tearing up even, completely chocked up,” Tony dramatically clutched at his chest with his free hand, because if he didn’t joke about this, if he admitted that in the three weeks since his father and Jarvis had passed that he hadn’t been coping well, that he didn’t know what he was doing, that the funeral had been nothing more than a circus act gone
The tightening in Steve’s gut increased and he looked away from the duo, something that resembled shame creeping up his throat.
“Tony,” Darcy groaned loudly, hand coming up to her forehead in what was a remarkable display of exasperation for a thirteen-year-old.
“You were particularly eager to see the sights with our mechanic,” she continued as if he’d not spoken.
“I’m glad you like it,” he pressed a kiss to her forehead and watched as she pulled back and proceeded to sit on the floor, placing the dog on the ground before her and laughing when its little camera eyes tracked her movement.
“Tony!” she reached out and grabbed his arm, causing them both to come to a stop, people rushing around behind the scenes of the Stark Expo were forced to go around them. Tony finally looked back at her and found a small smile curved his lips unbidden. She looked so grown-up, in a beautiful dress that probably revealed more of her cleavage than he felt was necessary, but he knew she’d merely roll her eyes and do her own thing even if he mentioned it. He found it hard to believe sometimes that she was already twenty, almost a full adult and thinking about what she was going to do with her future. It felt like only yesterday that she was a little kid, asking for his help on how to correctly write her alphabet letters.
“Yeah, yep, I’m goin'. I just, the pressure belt has begun to deteriorate and I was, well, you guys’ll be dead in the sky if you don’t get it replaced while on-planet. It was alright while bein’ used, but now that we’ve stopped, the restartin' process'll tear it up. I mean, I won’t be here so, no problem for me, but…” Tony rambled, yanking on something a few times before a short, flat cord came free. Steve could see how frayed it had become along the sides, even from where he was standing.
He brought his mug to his mouth and finished it off, placing the clay mug off to the side in the grass.
“I have been doing important inventing, Pep. It just wasn’t for SI,” he said, feeling exposed as her eyes flickered from project to project. Leaning close, he proceeded to point to various projects as he spoke. “Clint needs a more flexible wrist guard, that SHIELD one is going to have him snapping his wrist before long. And Natasha’s tasers take too long to recharge, I think I could get it down to half that time if I tweak them just right. The comms get super static-y when Thor uses them, being a thunder god has its drawbacks I guess, so I need to work out a way around that. Poor Bruce flashes the world every time the he Hulk’s out, and I can’t leave a fellow scientist running around starker’s after a fight. And Cap’s uniform needs an update…” he trailed off as he noticed the look on her face.
“Sir,” Jarvis trailed off, and Tony just knew from his tone that he was frowning at him, but he refused to be swayed.
Silence filled the room, each of the crew looking away from one another as they tried to process the tragic tale.
The start of the dancing had women swarm for Tony and he’d internally cringed before an idea occurred to him.
He spared a glance down as he crossed the catwalk, seeing Thor leaning against a crate laughing uproariously, while Bruce adjusted his glasses, a relatively large smile on his face. Tony had crouched down near the chicken and was trying to call it to him amidst his own laughter, his outstretched hand was completely ignored by the chicken that was now pecking at the floor as though there was food to be found there.
Beneath their feet the ship rumbled to life, and the cabin pressurised with a tightening of Steve's skin.
“I mean, it’s just…” Steve sighed and sat up properly, a hand running through his hair in frustration. Then he seemed to gather himself; he licked his lips and looked over to Tony, eyes locking and voice serious, if slightly rushed.
“Is this about the Avengers?” Pepper asked curiously. “Which I know nothing about,” she added at the look Phil shot her. Tony wasn’t sure why the man was surprised, he always discussed ridiculous ideas with Pepper - Fury’s meetings always leading to numerous hours of cross examination between them and a bottle of Screaming Eagle Cabernet Savingon. Tony believed it was an appropriate choice.
A humanoid creature that was once recognisable, who went mad from staring into the darkness of space, and violent from exposure to primitive engine’s radioactive generators. They were said to slice up their own skin, shove bits of metal into it to disfigure it further, then cannibalise their fellow man. They would hunt in packs on their ships, trapping victims before raping them to death, eating their flesh and then sewing their skin into their clothing. If the victim was lucky, they’d even do it in that order.
techniques that the Ten Rings employed. Being submerged into a bucket of water with a series of cables running out of his chest served to make the experience doubly awful. If he wasn’t half drowning, then there was the painful tingling sensation in his chest as water got onto the cables and the electricity conducted, sending out small shocks each time.
Refusing to look up from his own plate of the same protein pack, Steve took an angry bite of his own.
It was something Tony was dreading having to talk to the man about, because Darcy would break one of those guys’ noses before she thought about dating them. Especially at the suggestion of her pseudo-godfather.
“Tony!” He could hear her calling his name before she’d even entered his room, her hands roughly shaking his shoulders pulled his further from blissful sleep.
To find out that the man who had saved your life, someone you’d experienced so much with, had been the victim of the most twisted and inhumane creatures in the ‘verse wouldn’t have been easy for Tony.
“Well, what does he look like? I would be very fortunate if two of my friends happened to be travelling together without knowing it,” she said.
Clint opened his mouth to retaliate, but Natasha - who had since taken back her rightful seat while Clint was distracted - kicked him.
The various growls and spitting from the zombie and spiders filled the air, accompanied by the ‘thwak, thwak’ of arrows from animated skeletons. Tony waved his sword around at the enemy like a madman, feeling a sharp sting and warm rush of liquid when one of the arrows went by his cheek too close for comfort. As he fought, Tony spared a glance at Steve, relieved to find him in the process of killing that stupid spider jockey.
“It ain't matter anyway. He refused and brought me back to the ship,” he grumbled the last part, trying to ignore the disappointment that welled in his gut at his words.
The bastard had the sheer nerve to paralyze him with his own invention, threaten both Darcy and Pepper, the two most important women in his life, and then finally to rip the arc reactor out of his chest as the cherry on top of the shit cake that was currently his life. He was going to get to the spare in the workshop, no matter how hard it was to move, or how agonizing it was as the little bits of shrapnel sliced into him, heading for his heart.
Rhodey stared at him silently for a moment, appearing to be trying to verify if he was telling the truth or just bullshitting him.
"Quick, let's get out of here before he realises this is worth twice as much," Tony hissed to Steve, slipping the hand not holding his prize through Steve's and pulling him along.
“When we haven’t had a job in a while, we usually play passenger convoy for a small group as a oneway ticket to somewhere,” Steve explained.
Tony coughed before gasping in oxygen, hunched over slightly as he ran his hands up and down his freezing, wet skin. Trying and failing to get his heart rate back to a regular rhythm once more.
“If you wanted to, we could go,” Steve said, voice dropping to an intimate whisper as he reached out with liquid courage and covered the mechanics hand within his own slightly damp one.
“You know,” he huffed, laughter in his voice. “I’m almost tempted to keep you alive. All the things you surely saw on the Ten Rings’ Station? Some of the most cutting edge technologies available to us today.” He leaned closer to Tony’s face, their eyes locked and the sour smell of the Tabaco that Obie liked to say he received as a gift, but Tony knew was actually harvested from the poor on the small planet of Penthesilea, filled his lungs. He had always hated the smell of it.
Tony smiled as he stood, putting the cup of goop down before moving over to her and enveloping her in his arms. She was warm and familiar, the closest thing to home he had ever had. The traitorous part of his mind cruelly wondered how many hugs he had left, if this would be one of the last times he’d get to hold his little sister in his arms.
“Regrettably, Sir, we appear to be out of coffee within the workshop. I am happy to report, however, that the communal kitchen has a plentiful supply of freshly brewed coffee awaiting your consumption,” Jarvis said, briskly.
The cargo hold was the largest room in the ship, two stories high and able to store everything they’d ever tried to smuggle or legally transport. Currently, it held a few of the standard issue plastic crates with nutritious protein packs and miscellaneous supplies. Steve led Tony up the stairs of the catwalk that overlooked the cargo hold, then through the dining room and back hall to the engine room.
The Avengers crew had been different. They clearly had secrets, some of them legal, but they’d seemed to genuinely be interested in him and wanted him to stay on with them after Ariel. Tony had felt something he hadn’t in years, a sense of belonging. So, after only a few months, Tony had thrown his lot in with a ragtag crew of sometimes law-abiding citizens.
“Giv’ us a m’ment.” Tony almost seemed to sink into the couch a little more, breath now evening out and moving towards the familiar rhythm of sleep.
“Five days ago, my lead scientist, Doctor Helen Cho, disappeared from our laboratories in the middle of the night. She is extremely loyal to our company, and was working on some highly classified technological developments into biomechanics, at the time. Understandably, we are both worried for her health and the possibility of the information she has getting found out by the wrong people.
Steve made her wait a moment, the niggling voice in the back of his mind that demanded he ignore the job and instead investigate how she knew Tony was almost overwhelming, before he managed to push past it and reached out to clasp her hand.
“It’s okay, Darcy. It was an accident, it wasn’t your fault,” he repeated the comforting words Jarvis often said to him and allowed her to cry until there was nothing left.
“I’m brooding,” he replied, looking up and glaring at the woman seated at the kitchen table, her own StarkPad before her and an orange and poppy-seed cupcake in her free hand.
“What kind of cake is it?” Thor asked, reminding Tony that there were others in the room. Natasha and Steve were pulling out small plates and forks, while Clint slid the vanilla bean cake off the cooling rack so that they could cut it. Thor had sat himself down at the table to wait for his own piece of cake and Bruce was boiling the kettle, a selection of mugs before him.
“But, I’m not foolish enough to believe that you wouldn’t weasel yourself out of any kind of cage I put you in.” He leaned back and a smug smile stretched his lips.
“Oh really?” Tony could feel an answering smile quirking his lips as he wondered what new skill Darcy was planning on accomplishing this week. The girl was notorious for trying out new things, working tirelessly at them for a week before either declaring herself to have mastered them or that they were not appropriate skills for her repertoire and moving onto something new.
“I’m sure that it’s nothing to you, but for that very same reason I want to pay. Please, let me. Call it old fashion charm or something if it makes you feel better,” Steve smiled boyishly, and Tony was pretty sure the man was beginning to figure out that Tony’s brain basically turned to mush every time he saw that smile, and he would happily let Steve do whatever he wanted. No one could ever call Steve Rogers slow on the uptake.
“What a coincidence, I happen to know a mechanic with the same name. Might I enquire as to his family name?” she asked, voice still light and polite, but her eyes were sharp.
So, after this chapter we move into completely new territory and - how I refer to in the planning of this story as - the ‘after Avengers movie’ part. Thanks for everyones’ support thus far!
“Just because you made him doesn’t make him yours,” she folded her arms over her chest, pout now firmly in place. The bot, realising they were talking about him, rolled over to Tony and proceeded to shove his camera claw into his face.
“Shiny,” Tony said, a grin breaking out over his face, only serving to make him look both younger and more attractive.
Clint didn’t even bother with his normal banter routine, his hands flying over the controls and doing as he was told. The ship gave a sudden jerk backwards, making Steve and Tony stumble once more. The engine was cut just as quickly and the overhead lights flickered out before the dull blue emergency lights came on.
Instead, the man was tucked into the corner of one of the honeycomb-shaped walls, his legs folded up to his chest and arms wrapped around them. A well-worn book was sitting on the floor before him, its cover showing the wear and tear of time.
“If you had of been sitting where I was when you were up on stage accepting the CEO position for the company, you would have said the same thing. You practically had a neon sign above your head flashing the word,” her amusement was palpable.
It had only been a day after Tony, himself, had moved into the Tower – Tony and Darcy parting ways once more – when he’d received his first houseguest in Bruce. The scientist had appeared from the elevator with his small bag and told Tony that, while he appreciated staying in the lap of luxury in the penthouse, he’d rather be in the Tower where he had access to research equipment and he could do things without worrying about housecleaning knocking while he was taking a bath. Tony had only laughed, welcomed the man, and that was that.
Before Tony knew it, hours had passed along with numerous coffee cups and plates of baked goods from the front counter. He was laughing at a story Steve was telling, about how he’d attempted to go for a jog in central park during lunch time and ended up somehow amongst a flock of irate pigeons when trying to flee all the fans, when his phone’s incessant buzzing in his pocket distracted him.
What else could Steve say? It was now up to Tony, who turned from him and continued to walk down the catwalks stairs, across the cargo hold and down the ramp into the Ariel sunlight.
“We’ve been making sweets. Jarvis says I’m real good at it. We made gingerbread men and women as well as a dog, yesterday!”
“That’s fine, because I love to be handed things. So, let’s trade,” Pepper said smoothly ignoring his behaviour as usual, swapping her Champagne flute for the folder, before taking Tony’s glass and pushing the file into his hands, making him take it lest he drop it. “Thank you,” she said, taking a sip of his drink.
“Sure, no problem. Just don’t let me see it up on MySpace or anything,” the soldier shuffled across the space between them and posed.
century with what he assumed 1940s Steve Rogers would be more comfortable with in terms of fixtures and technology. In the end, much of the technology, though cutting edge, was hidden away, so Steve probably wouldn’t even realise half of it was there.
“I’m leaving now, Sir,” Clint pushed to his feet, shoving one more fork-filled bite of cake into his mouth before casually saluting the others in the room and heading for the elevator.
“Well, yes. But,” he hurried to add. “You lot are too, if everythin’ I’ve seen is anythin’ to go by.”
“Right, yes, let’s jet,” he almost seemed to dance away from Steve’s reach and, before anything more could be said, Tony disappeared back to The Avenger.
With another sigh, he pushed away the painful memories and turned his attention to his mechanic and the ongoing drama that he was bringing to their ship.
He focused on quietening his furious thoughts at the idea of someone hurting Tony like that. Of whatever incident it was that caused shrapnel to become imbedded in Tony’s chest, so close to his vulnerable heart. The Ten Rings were nothing more than a defeated terrorist organisation of the ‘verse. There was no one for Steve to fight anymore, the battle was over before he’d even known it had begun.
“Mister Stark, we need to talk,” Agent Phil Coulson’s voice suddenly sounded over the phone. Tony pulled a face, causing Darcy to let out a small laugh, before he reached over the picked it up his StarkPhone. Holding it before him so he could see Phil’s face, Tony finally spoke to him.
Tony spent the next twenty minutes nursing his drink, taking only the occasional sip, before he finally stood, settled his tab, and moved towards the exit.
“His name’s Dummy, he can’t talk, exactly,” Tony supplied, the bot letting out a series of friendly sounding beeps and whirls.
“I can’t believe how stocked they were – on everything,” Bruce muttered to Steve, hands mechanically packing up the medical equipment and supplies that he’d found so he could transport them back to The Avenger.
Clearly known when she was beaten, Pepper stepped forward and up the ramp, her head held high as she ignored Steve when the two women passed him.
They stood for a moment, seemingly just looking at one another, before the woman sighed and threw her arms around him, hugging him close.
“Attention unauthorised ship. You have been detected leaving the quarantined planet, Tadamori. Please kill your engines and prepare for boarding.
Fuelled with a burst of angry adrenaline, Tony pushed off form the chaise lounge and lunged for Obie, hoping to gain the upper hand with nothing more than the element of surprise. All that he succeeded in doing was knocking them both to the ground, the whiskey went flying and further stained Tony’s shirt, while Obie’s hands clawed at him as they bumped into the now fallen over chair.
