“I was just curious, you don’t have to-” he starts, but Dean waves him off.
But that’s okay, because Sam finally agrees that he might need to see the movie, since even Cas gets those references and he can’t take Dean’s nagging anymore.
Castiel does a crude gesture with his hand and Dean laughs.
Castiel doesn’t understand.
Tony’s sword flicks his blade from his hand and the hilt of the weapon collides with Cas’ face and he can feel his vessels nose and lip bleed. His eyes flick to the ground where his blade is.
He can feel Castiel’s body move against his own and something short-circuits.
It turns out that cleaning is kind of fun, because there are some things in his room and in the Dean-cave that the hunter has completely forgotten about.
They’ve done this before many times by now, for Dean to know there are many ways Castiel kisses.
The pain in Castiel’s chest is still there and it flares and flares and he doesn’t understand why it won’t go away but he realizes - it’s a different kind of pain.
They don’t hear anything else, don’t see anything else.
It’s enough to hear the words.
No ghosts appear, so Castiel detects it’s just a busted bulb.
“Logical as ever. Alright, Sunshine.” Dean mocks warm heartedly and comes to a sitting position, dusting off the sand from his feet and belly.
They’ve never actually-
It pains Castiel to hear him say these words.
But it matters, Castiel has come to the conclusion. For once, he thinks it’s okay to put himself first.
“They’re having fun at my expense, Jack.” Castiel announces to the kid, raising his hands into his hair. “Short-jokes, really?” He eyes the two brothers who burst into laughter simultaneously.
Dean’s shy smile lights up his face along with the morning sun that’s creeping over the treetops.
It almost seems like one of those rom-com movies that Sam likes to watch (though he denies it).
He should stop talking, why is he even saying this to the angel? But Castiel is getting up now, approaching him like Dean’s a sleeping lion, ready to wake and tear him to pieces at any given moment.
“I’m good. Thanks for the, ugh, offer though.”
Cas’ arms go to Dean’s shoulders behind his back, listening to the sound of him laughing and he feels as if he’s home.
Cas stares, dumbfounded, as Dean runs towards the edge of the sea, laughing all the while. It takes him a second to realize that a race implies that he should be running, too.
After the first day, the jokes are wearing out, but Sam and Dean find all new ways besides short-jokes to amuse themselves on the account of Castiel’s newly-found size.
He can’t say anything, it would seem, he can feel his throat closed up. Can feel the throbbing of his fingertip where it was cut, can feel his knees shaking along with his hands. The humane feelings flood him so quickly, it’s hard to not be overwhelmed.
“And what would a demon be possibly doing with a demigod?” Castiel asks back, unlocking their blades and takes a step back to swing at the demon.
The sun is scorching hot, so is the yellowy sand that gets absolutely everywhere, and Cas feels like Dean might be doing this just so torture him.
The angel’s hands almost automatically find Dean’s hips and steady him, looking up towards the hunter, still linked with him and the mixtape player by the string of earbuds.
“Baconiest is, not to my knowledge, a word.” Castiel says helpfully.
when it pokes him in the eye, that
She smirks, her hand going to Sam’s jaw and he pulls himself free of her grasp. “Go to hell.” he says through gritted teeth and she laughs again, her hammer swinging in her hands.
“We’ve seen weirder things.”
“I could watch it.”
“I’m guessing you’re Tony.” Dean tells him, a victorious smile on his face, when they hear a scream.
He wonders all the way back to the motel they’re staying at.
Kissing is awesome, especially with Cas. But they’ve only recently discovered that they were both being morons and that there was nothing preventing them from being able to touch each other they way they wanted to.
He knows that Dean Winchester's heart beats for him.
“Very funny,” Sam says, rolling his eyes and getting both their now empty cups into the sink.
But his hand is still in Castiel’s and when the angel glides his thumb over Dean’s knuckles, the hunter squeezes his hand tight.
Castiel is pacing on the floor and Dean finds it adorable, because of course he does.
Dean tries his best to keep a straight face and not burst into laughter and with a quick glance to his right, he can see that Sam is trying to do the same.
“Sexual intercourse, yes.” Cas says, blunt and Dean cringes, while also laughing, it makes a comical look.
“Um, in that piece of crap you drive?” Dean snarks and Castiel knows he has done nothing to deserve it ,so for once, he stands to protect himself.
The angel tilts his head a bit. “Well, roller coasters do have ups and downs of very sudden and unpredictable angles and depths, so that would be an accurate metaphor to describe this sequence of songs, yes.”
Dean’s probably making heart-eyes at him at this point.
“Nothing at all.” he says happily and pulls their joined hands up, to kiss the back of Dean’s gently.
“I wouldn’t be that big,” Castiel comments as Jack lights up, “That’s my true size.”
"I didn't think you... That you'd come."
“Cas? Cas are you-” Dean’s stumbling towards him but the woman, Procrustes no doubt, raises her hammer.
She scoots closer, smiling brighter now and pulling a thinking face, “Hmmm,” she hums, hand skimming on the couch between them, “I don’t think so. Sorry, I have awful memory.”
“Cas? You okay?” Sam asks and kneels down and Castiel stares at him, hard.
Dean remembers the weird feeling he’d gotten when talking to the motel manager. The shivers and the eerie feeling of hair standing on end at the back of his head. “But she’s a woman.” he says dumbly and Sam sighs.
“I don’t understand-” she starts and Sam goes into the rehearsed monologue of ‘why the FBI is taking over’.
“We’re both tired from a hunt, everytime. I’m giving us both space.” Dean says now, like he’s arguing in a debate contest.
“Technically,” Dean starts and Castiel gives him a heated look that’s saying ‘
Dean moves closer to Cas, brushing his arm and the angel smiles, when Dean says “Cas likes them.”
But not without Tony swinging at him so Cas takes two quick steps and blocks the heavy sword with his own blade, letting Dean slip from the room.
Cas takes the cover and flips it, looking for the song he had in mind and taps it. “Could you play this one?”
„Maybe it’s someone’s pet!“ Jack exclaims, now clearly worried that an owner has lost it’s best friend.
“I think Ritika would be very impressed by my car.” Castiel says defiantly, out of spite if anything, and gets the expected reaction.
“I’m pretty sure I’m not a giant ball of fire, Dean.” Castiel says, clearly tired, but Dean is relentless.
“It’s perfect,” Dean tells him and Castiel’s heart soars.
“What? A lunatic… stretching body parts for torture without being in the same room?”
A beat passes, then another, and then Castiel closes his eyes, a ghost of a smile on his lips.
“Wait, were the others in a pattern?” Dean asks and Sam shakes his head.
It’s weirdly quiet, when they dust and replace things and suddenly, Dean accidentally starts humming a tune.
And the words set up a flare inside of him and he wishes he could shake Dean for it.
“Figured it out, did ya? Unlike this dummy here,” she nods towards Dean, who gives her a glare even Cas would cower under, “Literally showed him around the motel, the paintings, everything. Told him my family name. Nothing, nada. What are you made of, sawdust?” her laugh is shrill and unpleasant and Castiel grits his teeth at it.
then what is?
“The other murders. That was you too, or was that him?” Dean asks, leaning onto the desk again, his face scrunched up in pain. His hand is bleeding more than it was before and Castiel is positive if he’d move his hand, the bone would be visible.
Castiel wants to close his eyes.
“Yes, that’s what it is.” Castiel confirms.
She snaps her fingers, as she takes the hammer off Sam and the taller hunter breathes out in huffs and Castiel almost winces when he sees the pain in his face.
“Dammit, Cas,” Dean lets out, he sits on the bed and puts his head in his hand. Something tells Cas that he’s pushing, pushing too far towards the breaking point.
Dean blinks. “What?”
“Toes in the sand, Cas.”
Dean stands there, gaping like a fish on shore.
“So we’re still at square one?”
. That’s a cinematic masterpiece.”
But Castiel raises a finger, to shut him up and strains his ears. He’s sure he heard something.
And it's so fucking cliche, Dean's pretty sure he would rather die than let Sammy find out this was their first kiss.
Castiel mouths, ‘What?’
Cas does, as if he has a choice, what with Dean's hand guiding him in the quiet of the room.
Dean lets a hand go through his hair, about to snap back, when Ritika comes around again, smiling brightly and her heels clicking on the floor.
It also means that when they do get out, Sam is already there, waving.
With that, they pull back onto the highway, Cas getting another lecture from Sam on how to be more respectful to the feelings of the deceased’s families.
It’s easy to imagine that this is it, the end of the road, that from here on out, it’ll be a walk in the park, as Dean would say.
Castiel lets go.
“Can we slide down the stairs on mattresses?” Jack asks out of the blue, staring at the bunker’s staircase.
His heart beats so loud, it’s frightening - how can a human heart make that much noise?
“I don’t like the way you wake up in the morning, when we’re on a hunt, and leave like you’ve done something shameful. If falling asleep next to me is so horrible, don’t do it at all and spare me from having to watch you go through the 5 stages of grief everytime.”
“Can someone just throw the damn thing out!?”
Usually, Castiel goes to take a room for himself or just goes around town, finding things to do, but Sam was the one who said that Castiel shouldn’t be kicked out just because he doesn’t sleep.
And yet, it's not, because Dean knows that he's not supposed to be out here, looking for the damn stubborn, dumbass friend of his, because Cas was supposed to be in the bunker, with him.
could be achievable.
When he leans back, legs on another chair stretched out and the clock hits 3:57, Dean stirs.
But the hunter laughs, the sound softening into a small smile as the songs changes from “
But this-
And Cas doesn’t care about the losses - the foosball, the movie-watching.
It had been years since Castiel first understood what he felt was love, but it felt twice as much had passed since Dean had also understood this, acknowledged it and never spoken of it.
Cas can’t imagine Dean having a lot of birthdays, living the life he has, but it still surprises him a bit. “Really?” He asks, hesitating, “Beach, drinks, sunset?”
“13?” he asks, amused.
There’s a rustle and then they hear Sam grunt and a bang, like something hitting the door of a car and then a shatter of glass.
“I’m glad you’re okay, but you could’ve at least told me. I was worried-”
Castiel lets his other free hand go to Dean’s jaw, raising his chin to look at him.
Cas’ eyes flick from Dean to the wooden stake behind her again. It’s not far.
“Dean, I think you found it.”
- Castiel turns to the combo meals section.
Dean’s smiling at him, a small question etched in his eyebrows, but he doesn’t voice it, waiting for Cas to say something.
They are interrupted by the clicking of Ritika’s heels on the plated floor, setting down their foods.
Procrustes screams and the light that pours makes Dean shut his eyes, while Castiel twists the stake for good measure.
“Do it again!” he demands and Castiel rolls his eyes.
But there’s nothing else they can do, is there? If they can’t talk and if Castiel can’t go over and kiss him senseless, what else is there?
Even Castiel pretends not to notice, because what if he stops pretending and then makes Dean all uncomfortable again?
After many more moments of Dean refusing to admit he’s scared of the thing (he’s not) and Castiel refusing to just dump it outside, they call Charlie.
„I always wanted to be a hunter, like you guys.“ Jack says dutifully, like it’s a rehearsed reply. And maybe it is.
“Hmm, I think there might be some Elvis here, actually… I found it from the basement, there were a bunch of vinyls there. The men of letters sure had taste,” the hunter lets him go, steering towards the table and Cas watches as Dean shuffles through the covers.
“I could do with a shower.” Sam says, just as Dean says “I could eat a burger right about now.”
„Wow, I can see myself in this thing.“ He says while staring at the door of the fridge.
He pulls himself away, leaning down to pick up the blanket. He lets it fall over Dean in a careful gesture, moving back to his chair.
The way it's pouring, one might think it's the flood. The apocalypse. The Noah's Arc and the whole Biblical shit.
Why wear any clothes at all, Dean thinks.
“Toes in the sand, Cas. Toes in the sand.”
“Hell yeah!” Dean whoops, “Pocketed!”
„That thing is unnatural.“ Dean replies swiftly, eyeing the said thing.
“If you keep up that pace, my grandma can beat your feathery ass.” Dean tells him, gulping the beer and setting the empty bottle on the table a little further from the foosball one.
’ and Sam gives his signature eye roll.
“Nah, it’s a good change.”
He lets Jack clean it with a rag and place it back on the shelf, but not before he takes a couple experimental spins with it on the wooden surface.
“I’m tired.” Jack says over a mouthful of pizza.
And the tension in Cas dissipates completely, letting him breathe out and nudge upwards, to kiss Dean on the lips like he’s been wanting to do for the last few minutes now.
“I see.” Sam quickly interrupts. “We’ll, ugh-” he eyes Castiel, “I think we’ve got everything we need, thank you so much for your help, Ms. Cortese.”
“I’ll follow you then.” Castiel says.
Dean’s gaze falls to the movie and he makes wide-eyes, staring at Cas and back at the DVD. “You’re kidding.”
Castiel then bends over to pick up some of the scattered papers on the floor and Dean almost closes his eyes in frustration.
“This is so not what I ordered.”
”, Dean can’t hear him.
Dean’s mouth seeks him like he’s a drowning man in the desert.
“Humor me.”
Ayesha's hands twist. “I don’t see how that’s relevant.” Her voice is now aggressive and she stands. “In fact, I’d like you to leave.”
“If you hate it so much, we can always watch the original version.” Is what Cas finally says, after Dean’s done commenting on John Reid’s outfit and the white hat.
“Sure,” he says sarcastically.
, but he can't get any of it out so he just repeats himself stupidly. "Cas."
“Dean,” Castiel says again and it’s funny how many different ways he can say it and mean entirely different things. Like right now, he’s being all insistent.
He’s patient like that, with Jack. With kids in general, in fact.
The angel closes his eyes, enjoying the warmth. It’s like he’s touching the sun, finally.
Dean’s walking to his room and Castiel follows. It’s hard to do so, with so many times he’s let Dean walk away and so many times he’s stayed behind, sitting in the dark and missing the moments that he’s never gotten with him.
“My lips are sealed.” Dean replies swiftly, raising Cas into his pocket. “Let’s get you dried-”
Cas makes a face. “That’s just stupid.”
Dean moves through the door after Sam, with Castiel in his front pocket and they listen to any sounds.
Dean’s fingers brush over his cheekbone and then, he leans in, forehead going against Cas, the ragged breath released is of relief. The green eyes close and Castiel decides to close his as well, the grace that’s left humming in his fingertips, hot where he touches Dean.
Smug son of a bitch. Dean hasn’t had his coffee yet, he’s entitled to a little morning brain-scramble.
„We don’t even have a mop. Or a vacuum cleaner. Or that dusting thingy on a pole.“ He contemplates.
“I know what you want, Cas, and I can’t give it to you.” he finally says and his voice is so small, Castiel wouldn’t have heard it if he weren’t an angel.
Cas is drying the last plate, when he realizes it’s gone quiet and he looks to his right, where Dean is leaning onto the counter next to him.
He doesn’t pay Cas much mind for a few minutes, waiting to hear if the angel has a witty reply, but nothing comes. Dean tries not to be too disappointed.
Heavenly humane.
“As a hunter,” Cas starts, conversationally, “I didn’t think you’d be that easily scared.”
Dean’s in his arms and he thinks that’s a pretty big win.
It makes no sense to make a whole new dish out of it, but seeing that Dean’s already ordered a plate -
“Dean?” he asks, when Dean stumbles back a little, hand going to his nose. Another scream and Dean’s head flips towards the ceiling, where it seems to emit from.
Castiel gives Sam a suspicious glance but inquires no further into the invention of this new word and concentrates on picking a meal.
Dean laughs. “You’ve got to stop with the internet thing. You may end up in places you don’t want to be. And it wasn’t a pickup line, dumbass.”
They don’t realize, not before morning when the sunlight drapes through and Dean says with a groggy voice
The angel’s been paying attention to human behavior too much, obviously, his tongue sticking out a little as he reads.
“I can still accompany you on hunts.” the small angel says, determined.
It’s tricky, the globe being round and all, but Cas instinctively grabs onto the top of it and stands up, looking surprised.
“I can do it by myself, Dean.”
„I know what a mop is.“ Castiel says defensively and Dean loves him for it, even though the angel is most probably bluffing. When would’ve he ever needed a mop before?
„I like this coat.“ Castiel defends, while Sam huffs, pulling at the damn thing.
Dean feels something tinge in him at that - is Castiel really so bummed out about not getting to leave this place? Of staying alone with Dean? He clenches his jaw and stays quiet, only mumbling a goodbye to Sam.
“A couple of ghouls, no big deal. See, not a scratch.” He turns, showing his arms and everything, like he’s a child being admonished by breaking out of the house while he’s grounded. He’s mocking Castiel.
“This better be good. But nothing can beat
Dean is an alarming shade of red and Castiel stares at him, not really understanding why, but knowing that's not a good sign.
Dean feels like an absolute shithead.
Procrustes gives them a wide smile, getting up. “Bingo. And, I don’t mind more company, but you’re kind of ruining the vibe. So, if you wait your turn I promise it’ll be quick. Well,” she seems to consider her words, “quick for this one.” she nods towards Sam.
Dean stops him mid-sentence, because Sam is right there. “After all you put me through, you expect me to help you?” he asks, suddenly trying to hide a smirk. He can see that Cas is staring at him with wide eyes, and for a second he’s spooked. But then Dean raises his voice a smidge and says “Just like that?” and he sees it dawning on Castiel’s face.
This is why Dean’s face gave way to intense horror when Sam opened his mouth on one Sunday morning, after they’d had breakfast.
Castiel leans heavily on the door, he doesn’t want to go near Dean yet.
Just a white light, bursting and falling away, leaving him standing in his vessel once more.
Castiel picks it up, lifting it to his eyes and letting the sunlight shine through, making it sparkle. He can never feel it flow through him again, and he finds that that’s okay.
” as he finds what he’s looking for - it looks just like the mixtape, but it’s bigger, with buttons on it and a small, tiny screen.
His tongue sweeps along Cas’ own and he bites down on the angel’s lip, slow and sweet, and Cas groans.
“I’ll watch something educational next time, I promise.” Jack says, like he’s at a class and being the best student there is.
“Says the guy who’s afraid of cats. That’s just weird.”
Most of the time, sweet and slow, like the morning sun rising by the edge of the forest. Sometimes, swift, chase, so no one would see, like it’s their little secret.
They find the first one with a hostage - a young blonde girl, looking about 15 - ready to feed and Sam takes him out.
He takes out the vinyl, while Castiel basks in the praise, humming into his shoulder. “Don’t know about that.”
“I need to go to bed, long day. See you in the morning, Cas.” Dean says, the finality in his tone telling Castiel that it’ll be another day.
But Dean knows that's not it, because God is not Chuck, God is a fucking 3-year old and apocalypse looks a whole lot worse than this.
“Hey, Cas.” Dean says now, half-whispering and suppressing his smile to look solemn.
The soft words travel around the room as Dean smiles at him.
"I know you said you could, uh, hear my heartbeat, when you were an angel," Dean's voice reverberates through Cas from where he is pressing against the hunters chest.
“Don’t worry, Cas. I’m sure there’s something in the lore that can help us, or we could always call Rowena. We’ll get you back to full-size in no time.” Sam says, looking around and establishing that their hunted witch is nowhere to be found.
Dean makes a face. “I would like to forget.”
A younger woman comes up, her hair tied into a ponytail, short and eyes as wide as her smile she’s wearing.
But then Castiel looks like that with his trench-coat and raised eyebrow and a slight stubble threatening to grow into a beard and Dean can’t help but think – when will he finally throw me against a wall and have his way with me?
are.”
“Is it possible?” Dean asks again and Castiel thinks back to the time when Dean was a demon. When he was something else entirely, not himself but trapped within himself.
He can see the world. His world.
“Aren’t you easily impressed.”
Sam goes straight to the fridge to get an ice-pack for his head and Dean saunters to the kitchen table.
The last almost always falls on Dean, not that he minds. He loves when people compliment his cooking and cherises the satisfied smiles he gets when the stomachs have been filled and the relaxed atmosphere takes over.
When Dean Winchester finally reaches Heaven, when Castiel finally finds him again and they finally lock eyes, it’s easier than breathing.
“Am I missing an inside joke?” Cas asks and Eileen signs, “I would like to know, too.”
“Hey, that’s a classic. You don’t go insulting the classics. Have I ever said a bad word about Celine Dion?”
It’s exhilarating, to say the least. And he’s seen so many things in this world, experienced so many things and yet, this is the one thing that never ceases to amaze him.
She falls to the floor and Dean’s eyes stare into his.
“If you tell Sam about this, I’ll stab your eye out.”
Procrustes’ eyes stare towards him, a smirk evident on her face. Her hair is tied up but some strands are on her face and there’s a small scratch on her cheek that’s bleeding. Dean must’ve done at least some damage.
He loves Dean so much it hurts.
After a beat, and a lot of staring, Dean smiles. “Let’s get you into normal-size so I don’t accidentally eat you when I try to kiss you.”
“A tradition we should uphold.” Dean chimes in, like nothing happened and the air around them did not turn awkward for a moment. He grabs the plate and unceremoniously bites in.
Then, there’s a thumping sound from Sam’s direction and Dean sees him tapping his foot to the same beat.
Sam seems to think so as well and when Dean takes another few minutes to look through the rest of the menu, Sam snorts and says “Dude, you’re going to get the greasiest and baconiest thing on it anyways, I think you had made up your mind before we even stepped foot into this place.”
Dean’s face looks peaceful now and it’s hard not to look, when Castiel finds him so utterly vulnerable like this. So beautiful.
Castiel doesn’t ask how Dean could possibly know that, in case that would frustrate him even more.
“I don’t want space. I don't want it at all.” Castiel says and he can hear Dean draw a breath. He looks a bit lost, eyes going around the room, like he’s grabbing for answers from somewhere it won’t ever come.
Castiel allows himself to smile and averts his eyes to the table, because slightly out of his peripheral vision, he knows Sam is smirking at them and he doesn’t need to see that.
He makes a motion as if flapping his wings, and the candle goes out.
Castiel’s eyes burn into Dean with a viciousness that makes Dean back up a bit.
Dean doesn’t shy away when Castiel’s hand finds his, it’s a gentle touch and barely lasts a few seconds.
“Okay, fine, jeez. Be like that then.”
“Well, fuck you.” Dean says to Sam and Castiel raises an eyebrow in question, staring at them.
“So, in other words, she caught you here and you made a deal.” Castiel snarls and Tony tisks, pointing the balde at him, while they circle around each other.
His eyes look like they’re shining.
And all the while, the song still plays and plays.
Cas frowns, acting insulted. “Is it because I picked the movie?”
This is when Castiel realizes what’s happening.
While Dean is in the room.
They turn to Sam, breaking up, and Castiel’s lips twitch when he directs himself back to Dean. He’s wearing a proud little smile so Dean gives in.
Dean's hand goes to Cas' head, slowly making it rest against his chest while he lays back on the bed they're cuddled up on.
And that’s exactly what happens, when Dean says “I’d give you everything I could” and closes the gap between them. Like the incredible force field that usually stands in their way has vanished into nothing.
Dean’s eyes flicker to him and they are full of soft warmth, the sunlight from the horrible drapes barely getting through to make them shine and Cas has the urge to move them, to let the light shine on Dean just a little more.
“Cas, you ready?” his long hair is even longer than usual and he refuses to let either Dean or Castiel give him a haircut (Castiel is actually very okay with that, since he doesn’t know the first thing about cutting hair).
But, when Ritika comes off to collect the payment, Dean’s upset demeanor makes a comeback in the form of a half-muttered threat and vague hand gestures.
„You guys don’t have a van to drive in. And all the monsters are real.“
He wants this to be clear as day so he can finally find something relative to peace of mind. At the very least.
Castiel doesn’t shy away. He tells himself,
“Here ya go,” she seems not intimidated in the slightest by Dean’s obvious glare and smiles back at Castiel who is trying hard not to look at Dean.
Castiel looks down at the human, Dean Winchester, speaking of starlight and beauty and he thinks that maybe heavenly doesn’t mean heaven-made or heaven-touched. Maybe heavenly is
“Yep, got the stake,” Sam says and that must’ve been what he had been reaching for, “But I haven’t got any blood. How fast can you-”
His eyes dart to Cas. “No, I mean, you made it? By yourself?”
Jack nods dutifully and goes to the shelves where the vinyls are neatly stacked and cleans every one of them.
Cas’ glare is horrendous on him. “He started it!” Dean accuses, pointing at Sam, who shrugs and smirks.
“I don’t like to see you in distress,” Castiel says, matter-of-factly, but then he says “I want you to be happy.” in a much softer tone, one that involuntarily comes out now.
They end up watching Guardians of the Galaxy instead.
Castiel closes the door behind him and Dean startles, looking back over his shoulder.
„Sure, Jack.“ Cas now says softly to the teenager and Jack’s eyes light up.
“Cas, what are you-” Dean starts, his hand going to Castiel’s himself this time and to the angel’s surprise, he laces their fingers together as Dean takes one step closer.
“Sam? What in the-” he comes over, and forgets he’s wet, hugging Sam.
The angel approaches him. “Dean, are you…?” his voice fades out, looking down on the ground but Dean holds up his hand in dismissal.
Dean’s hand goes up a little, like he’s adjusting in his seat and his hand falls next to Cas’ on the seat, their pinky fingers touching.
“Oh-kayy…” he drawles and then pulls out his laptop. “Let’s conclude what we know so far.”
So he just says,
“You don’t have a grandma.” Castiel deadpans, fishing for the small football. The little miniature men are watching him with a sense of dismissal.
This is probably exactly why Dean doesn’t want him here, in the night. Standing beside them like a creep.
Regan delivers another laugh. “I wasn’t in town. One of my workers, Tony, had the reins at the time. I was taking a vacation, so I wasn’t in for two weeks.”
“Oh,” Jack says, understanding clear on his face, “I get it.”
Dean takes one careful step towards him, unsure, tentatively reaching out his hand, shaky fingers cradling the side of Castiel’s face.
Dean is muttering something and Castiel finally says, “What?” a little too aggressively.
“It doesn’t work like that. I can’t change my form. Remember Jesse?” Castiel now says, as Dean lifts his palm up to get Cas to his eye-level.
Castiel rolls his eyes, bumping his knee with Dean. “Fine, suppose I could.”
“What are you-” Dean starts up again, but blinks when he sees Eileen behind Sam, waving a little.
“I don’t like the way we come back from a hunt and pretend nothing happened.” Castiel counters now and Dean flinches.
“I don’t like you leaving without telling me. I’m not your sitter, or anything else, but knowing is better than not knowing. That's all I ask. To know.” Castiel says carefully, eyes going back to Dean.
For a moment, Castiel is consumed by fear, that this might have been too much for Dean, too hurtful.
A soft melody starts playing and Dean turns towards him.
Sam pays, trying to hold back a laugh, while Ritika smiles at Castiel, before moving behind him to reach out to the plate in front of him, that Dean had shoved there.
Clearly, even an angel of the lord is not immune to a simple spell by a powerful witch.
Sam gives him a side-eye. “You don’t say.”
Castiel’s finger stops at another line, the obnoxious red colours in a checkered pattern looking back at him.
Well, almost, because as they stride over to the kid, Castiel’s hand briefly brushes over Dean’s ass and the hunter has to stop himself from throwing Cas down on the floor (he doesn’t really think he could do it. He just likes to think he can).
“You’re an idiot.” Castiel says with a sigh, but Dean keeps on singing.
The angel turns on the bedside lamp and in it’s dim lighting he can see the fear in Dean’s eyes.
Then he remembers he actually can, but in front of Jack and Sam, he holds himself back. Instead, he just gives Castiel his most adoring look.
Looking at Dean now, lying on the golden beach, hands carefully letting the sand slip in between his fingers as his chest rises and falls calmly, Cas looks at the sand in his hair, on his forehead, a grain on his lips.
No, it’s all he wants but he pushes himself into thinking that he doesn’t. Maybe it’ll be easier if he just pretends that he doesn’t want to go to him and embrace him. And hold him and kiss everything away, all the hurt and problems and doubt.
But Sam and Dean were strangers to this land. They didn’t know the significance of this particular spot in the Midwest, one that was born of the blood of men sacrificed to war, to commerce, to steel. Men sacrificed for causes far too eager to trade their lives for strips of paper; men sent to die for causes stained with the oily residue of a callous greed. It was a gruesome mixture of exploitation and needless sacrifice that was too tantalizing for an Old God – one of the oldest there was – to ignore.
“I’ll be fine,” Dean had promised, though he only half-believed it himself. He finally had a purpose again – and he knew if this didn’t work, that it was over: over for him, over for Cas. There was no other way, and he couldn’t keep on like this. Dean knew that for certain; losing this battle would break him. It was a surety set deep in the marrow of his bones.
But he’d wanted to see it through, to see Heaven get fixed, to make sure they were really, truly free of the Empty. Jack was putting the finishing touches on Heaven's final draft at Cas’s behest, and now, people had a way out. A true end they got to choose, where everyone – no matter how abrupt the circumstances of their death – could stay as long as they wanted, see all their loved ones, and make proper goodbyes. And when they were ready, in a true manifestation of free will, they could choose to truly move on.
His phone buzzed with an incoming call.
Maybe it was the fact he hadn’t gone on a hunt like this for a while. Maybe it was the way the briars and underbrush reached thick, dark vines like fingers of an outstretched hand toward the road, toward their tires. Maybe it was the quiet, lingering voice in the back of his head mocking him for not being as good as he thought he was now that God’s storyline wasn’t on his side.
“So what’s the deal with the whole insane clown posse shtick,” Dean asked. It was about time someone asked the
“March. 2021,” Dean emphasized each word with his hands. “I’ve been gone for
“I told you this was a stupid plan, you stubborn—“
Don’t,” he choked on the word. “Don’t throw that away like I did... with Cas.” He felt some relief as the truth tumbled out of him. There were no secrets in death.
Dean snorted. “Right. We didn’t save them, like
Sam punched the dash in fury. And again. And again. Dean knew if he weren’t driving, it may have been his face beneath Sam’s fist.
old. This isn’t the only place it’s cropped up. I first ran across it near an old ghost town by Buena Vista, Colorado. Then again a few years later in West Virginia by the mines,” she said, wrapping her arms tight around herself. “But for some reason it’s the strongest here.”
,” Jenny yelled, waving to get their attention. The two brothers snapped their heads around in surprise, almost as though they’d forgotten she was even there. She straightened and rolled her eyes. “I’ll just ride in the trunk.”
The boy looked down at the machete like he’d just realized what he’d been holding this whole time. “I did what you said,” he said, his voice eerily calm and quiet as he stared unblinking at the blade. Poor kid had already been through hell, and now he had to live with
“My angel blade,” he said. “It’s not manifesting.”
This time, it wasn’t a dream. This time, he knew what he was seeing in front of him was real.
“Your way in? Yep,” Bobby said, pulling a wad of folded paper out of his vest pocket. “I took the liberty of lifting Sam’s notes from the Impala before I picked you up at the barn. That’s what took me so long. Thought they’d come in handy, an’ they did.” He glanced down at Sam’s scribbled writing, which was organized at first before being messily annotated in the margins with three different colored inks. The kid was detailed, all right, albeit disorganized. “Says here the Empty lures people in by manipulatin’ silence. So it only made sense to me that speakin’ truth would do the opposite.”
Dean paused, turning his head to not quite look at Sam over his shoulder, but enough for Sam to take it as an invitation to continue.
had been snuffed out, through luck, no less – the waking angel had fallen silent, and the Empty could return to its preferred stasis of silence.
“You— Dean— wh-what,” Sam stammered, the gears of his thoughts audibly grinding as they tried to remember the rules of syntax. “Y-you two… Good for— I mean, it’s about ti—“
He… hadn’t heard this song in a while.
it to see someone treat the scythe that way, but Dean thought the Old Death might’ve gotten a kick out of it.
The cycle shattered, and with it, Castiel.
Despite everything they’d been through, everything they’d given up for each other, despite going to the ends of the earth and beyond, breaking the rules of time and reality, something deep down in Dean worried that this would be it. That this would be the final thing, the thing to make Cas take it all back.
“Wh-“ Dean gasped. “Who are you?” He dragged out his words a little longer than he needed to, buying some time. He no longer had his machete, or his gun, and he couldn’t hear Sam behind him anymore. He didn’t want to think about what that meant.
“Dean, I’m thousands of years old.”
wings. He knew the angels had them, but had only ever seen hints of what they’d left behind in shadows and scorch marks. Even when Michael had possessed him, Dean had been kept locked away in the recesses of his mind. He’d felt them, sure. But he’d never
cared.
Cas just gave him a watery smile, soft and sincere. It reminded Dean of the expression he’d had trouble placing back when they were on that riverbank in Minnesota, when Cas had found out he’d read bedtime stories to Jack. It was a four-letter word he was still fighting to formulate in his mind.
All the ways he wasn’t worthy.
The grace around his neck burned as a warning as the thing grew closer. Dean winced, raising his hands and ready to cut his fists on the teeth of this thing’s jawline, when the necklace suddenly seemed to pull his attention elsewhere.
“I’m sorry,” he breathed, pressing his lips against the glass. He clamped his wings in close to his body and freefell further into the dark. He had to find a new way through. “Just hold on a little longer, buddy. I’m coming.”
Something wooden dragged across the ground behind him. Slow and steady, he could hear soft footfalls accompanied by the gentle scrape of a long, heavy scythe along the stone floor.
The thing he’d once mistaken for Cas reached toward him with a piecemeal hand made from a thousand other corpses, and it began to bleed. Blood dripped from between the hundreds of teeth protruding from its face, smeared across its hands, seeped from between all the grotesque stitches of its fleshy jacket.
Dean shrugged.
It was several more moments before the quiet ate away enough to make Dean speak again.
The light was out. The soul was
“Because I’m the one who killed her.”
The kitchen fuzzed at the edges, the smell of grease making the air feel thick, too thick to breathe. He gasped and gripped the edge of the table until his knuckles turned white.
But none of those things happened. No one checked in. Dean was alone.
This was one he, unfortunately, recognized.
“What is it?”
“Happiness?” Cas offered.
By the time October rolled around, they’d put a few thousand miles on Baby’s engine, and a few thousand more between them and their memories of the Empty.
He knew this wasn’t Cas. But if something was possessing him, or if it really was Cas calling out to him, he’d never forgive himself for standing by once again and letting the angel die. With a surge of resolve, Dean gripped the doorknob, which was fuzzed with moss and mold.
Dylan nodded.
“Cas?” Dean said hesitantly, stepping toward where the angel stood.
Sam, of course, didn’t react. He just tangled his fingers in the hair at his temples and curled in on himself.
we’re dealing with.”
“You’re safe now,” Dean said, trying his best to sound comforting. He tapped into a vein of knowledge he hadn’t had to access since the day Sam turned 16 and started shutting both him, and their dad, out. “We’re gonna get you out of here.”
Dean sucked in an instinctive, stuttering breath, and fell to the ground, dead.
“You’re beautiful,” Cas murmured, despite how much of a mess Dean felt like he was right now.
Sam reached across the hood and slid the journal over to where he could see it. He paused for a minute, skimming the page. “One.”
. Where he’d been used to seeing a black sky with just a few pinpricks of light, here he couldn’t count the stars if he tried. The sky was marbled with hues of deep purples and pinks and blues and specked with brilliant yellows and whites. The Milky Way stretched across the sky like a scar, but a beautiful one. Like a scar the world chose to bear, and show only to those who cared enough to look.
“Yeah, well,” he huffed a laugh. “I’m shit at following orders.”
“You shouldn’t,” Bobby said with a grunt, collapsing into the chair next to Dean. He rummaged around in the cooler between them as Dean shot him a quizzical look. Bobby seemed to just feel Dean’s unspoken question hanging in the air, because he didn’t pause his search for beer to look up before he answered. “It never happened. Heaven ain’t just relivin’ your greatest hits anymore.”
Dean clenched his jaw and shut his eyes as the Impala scraped over the body. They could feel the steel undercarriage cutting over every excruciating inch of Cas’s body until finally, the Impala broke free, and it was just pavement under her tires once again.
“Better than ever,” Dean grinned. “It’s just. I love you.”
,” the word slipped out as a breathy whisper.
And it was his fault she became a vampire in the first place, after all.
“H-how?”
Bobby waved a hand dismissively. “S’fine. Thanks for rescuin’ other me outta Apocalypse World. I’m just glad you stopped at there bein’ two of me. That’s more’n enough.”
” the word ripped from Dean’s chest in a voice he barely recognized as his own. Dean clawed at Sam’s hands and twisted around like a feral animal wrestling to escape a trap. Dean wasn’t just unhinged, he was unraveling at the seams and he could feel every carefully placed stitch pulling loose.
“I saw Cas. Sortof,” Dean said. “In a dream.”
“None of their deaths were my fault!” Sam shouted.
Dean yelled and sprang out of his bed, chucking the blankets as though they’d burned him. He instinctively clutched his chest, breathing hard and fixing a vacant stare at the handgun he’d left half-disassembled on his desk.
“You sure?” He rasped, low and hesitant, to the vial, watching as the malignant creature of meat and bone came within just feet of him. He gagged on its scent, one that carried a sickly sweet tang of decay that scraped up his sinuses. Just one more step, and it’d be upon him.
The next (final) chapter will hopefully be up soon. I already know how this ride ends. I'm excited to share it with you <3
The illusion began to melt away, the blades of grass flickering into pale blades of bone, the trees beginning to weep dark gore from between the bark, the angels’ features melting into twisted flesh and teeth. He didn’t dare look back, but he could feel blood beginning to rise from the earth, lapping at his heels.
But falling meant getting to be graced once again by that beautiful soul, getting to lay eyes on it for the first time, over and over. Castiel knew every time the Empty pulled him beneath the surface into the murky depths of regret, shushing him to sleep and
“Hey, hey, c’mere,” Dean said, reaching up with a hand he could barely feel and gesturing for Jenny to lean closer. The blood loss made him feel bolder and a little drunk. He clasped his hand around her forearm, and his words came out slow and slurred. “When we hunt your ass and gank you, you find Benny and you say Dean sent ya,” he winked.
A mockery of a soothing noise, the voice that cooed in his ear was drenched with venom.
It paused, considering Sam for a moment that stretched on for an eternity.
By June, Dean and Cas met up with Claire and Kaia for lunch at a tiny red hut somewhere near the coast of Maine in a town Dean didn’t dare try to pronounce. Cas had seemed suspicious about eating shellfish out of what he’d referred to as a glorified fisherman’s shack, but the noise he made during that first bite of buttery lobster roll was damn near pornographic.
He was ready to attack the Empty like it was the last moment he’d ever get.
An odd sort of guilt settled in Dean’s stomach. He didn’t even
“Right.”
Bobby didn’t respond. He didn’t have to. He turned back to the Roadhouse, taking the few short steps back to his patio chair and his cooler of endless crap beer. He heard a rustle of feathers, the flap of wings, and by the time he turned around, Dean was gone.
“That tracks,” Sam hummed in agreement. “Or maybe,” he shot a hopeful glance at Dean, “maybe it still can’t sleep. Maybe Cas is still fighting. Maybe he’s awake.”
are restless.
The room was pitch dark, and the only noise he could hear was Sam’s soft breathing and the rumble of the occasional car outside. Had he really blacked out for an entire 12-hour car ride?
Sam pointedly looked up and away. Even all these years later, something about seeing blood-drinking still snapped against a painful old wound in his mind.
Cas, hold him close and whisper all of this into his temple. His chest ached with it.
feel the Empty turn its rage on him. The concrete floor of the warehouse flickered and bubbled, the illusion around him retracting as the Empty seethed. Dean retreated, turning on his heel and sprinting through the rows of bodies, trying to loop around back toward Cas.
Hearing the name spoken aloud turned Dean’s grief and fear into a defensive ferocity he didn’t realize was simmering just below the surface. He whipped around with something akin to a snarl.
“Hogweed?”
She paused, but neither of the brothers chimed in. The tension hung thick in the air.
“Just mom?” The question rolled out of his mouth just a touch too fast to be casual. Dean gathered himself, hiding his trepidation with another swig of beer.
“Kate,” Jenny said. “Only … she seemed
He stood, sullen, staring down at where his body sprawled in the dust. Sam’s face was streaked with tears, his hands shaking as he pressed the defibrillator’s paddles to Dean’s chest once more, his hope fading with each failed shock.
“I’m not goin’ anywhere, sweets,” the pet name surprising Dean with how easily it slipped off his tongue. “Just checking the time.”
Dean shook his head. “Rowena’s got that shit locked down, remember? No deals.”
Dean shrugged. “I thought I was just seeing shit. Like after Purgatory.”
Dean felt like a weight had been lifted off his shoulders, one he didn’t even know had been pressing down on him.
Dean grumbled an acknowledgement before trying to sneak a piece of bacon fresh out of the skillet, but Sam smacked his hand with the spatula. “
“How far out?” Dean asked, massaging the spot on his hip that had been pressed uncomfortably into the handle to roll down the window.
he didn’t dare say. “Rough,” he decided on instead.
Dean groaned, tipping forward out of his chair and landing hard on his knees on the wood. He barely felt the impact. Every nerve in his body was thrumming, vibrating so loud, Dean pressed his palms against his temples as if to try and shut them out.
,” Dean groaned, and the air around him rippled and cracked as his wings flared up, shoving the onslaught of corpses back.
“Well?” Jenny said, gesturing her hands down at her mangled knee expectantly.
“And we can’t exactly put her in the car with those kids,” Sam finished.
“Wait,” Sam said as he stepped back from hugging Cas. “What did you mean by ‘that’s not entirely accurate.’ Dean, what does he mean?”
, could become angels after death.' Or some shit. Sounded way more poetic when he said it.”
” in mockery at the dog as he headed over to the table.
Sam and Dean exchanged glances. Sam shrugged. Dean sighed, reluctant, but gave in.
The pen ran out on the last word, and Dean knew his time was up. He folded up the note and tucked it into Sam’s jacket pocket just as his brother stood and lifted Dean’s dead body into his arms.
“It’s not about killing anyone,” Sam said. “It’s about guilt.”
the soul pulsed with a movement akin to a sob, had it had a body to inhabit.
Jenny nodded slowly. “Yeah, now that you say it, that’s exactly what it felt like.” She pulled her arms – still bound at the wrists – close against her ribs and squeezed as she replayed the memory in her head. “I thought of it more like ‘The Thing’ impersonating her, just really badly.”
“Jack rewrote the rules,” Bobby continued on, still sitting casually in the patio chair. Concern wrinkled in the lines around his eyes, but he didn’t intervene. He couldn’t if he tried. This was far above his pay grade. “Said it wasn’t fair that only God could create angels. How’d he put it?” Bobby tapped the armrest of his chair in thought. “'The most righteous souls, the most loving, the most
Well. Mostly.
Sam,” Dean huffed, grabbing his beer and shoving his chair back to stand. He had to leave, had to get out of here before the room started fuzzing again. Every inch of him was screaming to get back to the prison cell that was his bedroom. Locked up, alone, where he deserved to be. “Nothing good happens in Ohio.”
“You sure about this?” He asked Cas. “We have that reservation at that bed ‘n’ breakfast in Vermont, and—“
. And Castiel’s hand fell through empty air as he was plunged into what he knew now would be an endless darkness.
“I just thought you might be ready to talk about it, is all. It’s been weeks, and…”
“Hm,” Sam mumbled, massaging his sore hand while he considered it. “What’s so special about the barn?”
Sam backtracked. “I mean, how did he summon the Empty? I must’ve read Rowena’s grimoire and the Angel Tablet a thousand times and I’ve never seen any spell that would do that.”
Dean was barely listening. His arms quaked as the burning in his back spread, coursing out into his limbs, every vein beneath his skin beginning to glow a faint blue. A shout of pain wrenched its way out of his throat, and with it came the pops of shattering glass. The patio lights burst, raining shards of glass that disintegrated before they could touch Dean. Bobby muttered a curse under his breath as the beer bottle in his hand cracked and exploded.
They sat there in the middle of the road, idling.
Sam closed his eyes and took a deep breath to compose himself. “Alright,” he said, reaching up to push his hair out of his face. “Whatever it is only seems to hunt every few years, so they probably won’t be hitting another family anytime soon. So we’ve got to find their nest.”
“I know, it’s okay,” Sam said, trying to soothe him.
“You will not find my breaking point. You cannot even fathom it.”
He blinked in the sudden light and—
He skidded forward on his shoulder, his wings haphazardly thrown around himself in a last-second
“Yeah they have dozens of pie shops from all over the state, there’s even a ticket for all-you-can-eat, and—“
finally, we find him.
his wings, and here he had been freakin’ flaunting them in front of Cas. He didn’t know what to do, except—
Sam turned around in his seat. “What?”
Its sheer presence hiked an anxiety up Dean’s spine. It was akin to the memory of stumbling drunk and alone and vulnerable in an empty bar’s parking lot long after closing time, and hearing the sound of an approaching car slowly sliding stopping behind him – but he’d turn to see the street is dark and empty, stretching into nothing.
Dean squeezed Cas’s hand back, took a steadying breath, and killed the engine. But where the Impala’s lights went dead, the field itself came alive with a light of its own, as thousands of fireflies danced through the wild grass in a hopeful search for love.
Dean got better, over time. With each passing mile, each highway sign flying by the windows, Dean’s grip loosened on the wheel. His shoulders relaxed more. And finally, he felt safe enough to stay in real beds again, knowing he’d wake up with Cas’s heavy arm slung around him and his breath warm on his neck.
“Oh. Would this work?” Dean reached down into the collar of his undershirt and pulled out a long chain. A small vial dangled on the end, and inside it swirled a luminous blue substance that somehow straddled the line between liquid and light. It glowed a soft blue, and Dean could feel his palm tingle as his own blue light rose to the surface of his skin, as though it was drawn to the vial like a magnet.
Sam looked at her, surprised. Dean met her eyes in the rearview.
She paused, considering something. “Maybe it’s because we didn’t cut out one of their tongues? But I just. Eve, I couldn’t do that. Not to a kid.”
He stretched his legs out, burying his toes in the hot late-summer sand. Sure, it was October, but fall didn’t really exist this far south in Florida outside of a handful of cool days around Thanksgiving time.
to happen – but all this had done was remind him over and over that Cas was gone, and he was the reason why.
This felt nothing like Lisa.
The vampire’s head tipped back and tore free, tumbling to the floor with a heavy thud and sending a spray of blood through the air.
The soul’s light flared like one last, stuttering breath, one last act of defiance, before being extinguished along with the exhale.
That’s the first scent that came into Dean’s consciousness. There was no rot, no putrid decay, no hint of humidity wafting through the air. Just the cool breeze of a late summer’s night drifting through his feathers as he laid in the grass, his wings wrapped around himself and Cas.
Deep down, Dean hoped his reaper would guide him to the Empty like Billie had promised. After what he’d done – his inaction and avoidance leading to Cas’ sacrifice, and now his own self-destructive grief leading to Sam’s pain – he figured he deserved an eternity of torture at the claws of the entity he’d just royally pissed off.
here, we can’t leave, what do you—“
!” Dean shot him a betrayed look, but Sam only clenched his jaw and sternly side-eyed him in return.
Dark forces have a way of controlling the mechanics of flesh and blood and bone, but their reach does not extend to the deadly forces forged by human hands. And a lot can go wrong with homemade bullets, crudely crafted by hands shaky with the fog of alcohol, and a mind too grief-stricken to notice it’d poured far too much powder into the cartridge.
“I don’t … I don’t know,” Dean said. It was the truth. He hadn’t quite realized something sinister was pulling his strings until now. His head throbbed in tune with his injured hand, but the static was gone. He felt in control again. “Whatever the son of a bitch is, it’s out of me.”
He tried to repeat the word again, but found it had drifted out of his grasp.
The ache in Dean’s back grew into a searing pain, a burning along his spine. Dean’s hands were shaking, a tremble that began to spread up into his arms, and he clenched his hands into fists to try and stop it. “What,” he managed to ask through gritted teeth, “is happening to me?”
It was vague. It felt so distant, the memory silhouetted at the wavering surface leagues above the deep water he was sinking through.
They dropped the kids off at their grandmother’s house with no incidents, though Dean had to check the floor of the backseat twice to make sure Dylan didn’t try to take the machete with him. Dean would’ve let the kid take it, but he was fairly certain the boy’s grandmother would’ve had a heart attack at the sight of her grandson brandishing a giant blood-stained knife on her porch in the middle of the night.
“Ah, I see,” the Thing leaned forward to peer at Sam. Black pus dribbled out of the edge of its mouth and nose, and leaked from the empty sockets where Cas’ eyes should’ve been. It raised its blistered, bleeding hand to point at Dean. “The crux of your guilt is still alive.”
“Does … does she make me say,” he choked on the words, “that you were wrong about the one thing you thought you couldn’t have?”
“He don’t belong here, Dean.”
“Where is it now?” Sam hissed. He still couldn’t see it. The voice seemed to come from all directions.
He sighed in defeat. “Fine.”
Jenny just pointed forward out the windshield, her arms trembling. She was straining her wrists against the rope in panic. “T-that’s not k-Kate,” she stammered. “Who…?”
“I don’t know exactly,” Jenny said. “But in all of my dreams, it seemed to lure me to Ohio. Specifically to that barn. Like it wanted me there. I think it can only show itself in person near here for some reason.”
“’M not healing that for you,” Dean mumbled as he pressed a softer kiss against Cas’s throat. He worked his way down, nuzzling and nipping at Cas’s skin. Cas fumbled to keep up, loosening his tie and undoing the first few buttons of his shirt as Dean scraped his teeth along Cas’s collarbone.
“Are you comparing me to a talking tree?” Castiel says, taken-aback and then sputters as the water hits him, “Stop that!”
Angels might be heavenly entities but they can’t just snap their fingers and make it better.
“You say something, angel?” he asks, hand slipping into his while Jack and Claire bicker over whether they should have honey-glazed chicken wings or just bake an apple pie with honey.
“Oh, wait, you want me to-” Dean starts quickly, but Cas is already taking his shirt off and unbuttoning the pants.
“Oh yeah? Why don’t you just take her with you then.” Dean snaps.
“Hello, everyone! Welcome back!” the kid stands in the doorway, waving and his eyes bright and smile even brighter. Clearly, he’s happy they’re home. “How was the hunt- Oh.”
They see Cas’ car parked right outside of the motel, the door hanging open. On further inspection, Dean finds the broken car window and a splatter of blood.
“It’s a very respectful car. I’ve been told that this 1978 Lincoln Continental Mark V is a very ‘pimp’ car.”
“Thanks, Cas, but it’s quicker if we all help along.” Sam says immediately, waving him off, almost knocking over the book that’s stacked next to him.
He breathes out, even though he doesn’t actually have to, and it’s a soft breeze.
“Now what did we say about lying, Jack?” Castiel admonishes, while Dean grabs a chair to sit down in.
A steady thumping of a human heart.
"Just lay down."
“What?” Cas says, suspicious.
There is no hesitation when Dean obeys.
“I know you’re tired, but so am I.” Cas says to Dean, determined like he’s never been before and Dean eyes him carefully.
When he opens them, they glow blue, like little headlights of a car.
“Ain’t he short-tempered.” Sam says then with a totally straight face.
“What was it?” he wants to know now and Dean sighs.
“You’re going to eat them all by yourself?” Castiel asks him in a very blatant manner and Dean looks down at his lap.
“Cas,” Dean says and doesn’t know what should come next. So he says again, “Cas.”
Jack comes over, very excited. “Can I touch it now?”
The dim light blinks next to them, probably a very old light bulb, and the light flickers across Dean’s face.
“Just say that you don’t feel the same way so I can move on from this or at least try to, because not another day will go by that I will wonder and keep wondering - would he say no if I’d tell him the truth? The one he already knows? Because it isn’t what you can’t give me, Dean, it’s what you’re afraid to give. And that’s okay. But I just need to know.” Castiel speaks slowly, so nothing gets lost, not the meaning nor the words.
“There are no pictures of said boyfriend here,” Castiel ploughs on, “But there are plenty of people who I’m guessing are friends and family. But no sister either.”
But, looking at the fading puff of smoke, mixed with the smell of sulphur and a weird, but sweet aroma of lavender (anyone’s guess, really, Dean’s no botanist), things hadn’t really gone according to the plan.
“Nope,” Dean wiggles a finger to his face and Cas frowns adorably, “You’re not using your mojo for mundane shit anymore. Besides, you don’t have to wear that suit all the time.”
Then, when Charlie is gone (quite swiftly after hearing of their ‘clean-up’ day), commences about 15 minutes of debate between Cas and Jack on whether he should get a pet.
Dean comes to a hilarious scene just a few hours before Max and Alicia are to be arriving.
“Just the legs and heads chopping, though the sword was with Tony so I guess a hammer will have to do. You two,” she points at Dean and then Cas, “Are obviously too short. Takes more time with the stretching and all.”
“Did we actually manage to tire the kid out? It’s like 9 p.m. We did it!” Dean fake-whispers, fist-pumping the air.
There’s a silence that follows, where Castiel neither confirms or denies it. He’s still standing at the edge of Dean’s bed, close but somehow so far.
Dean is probably rolling his eyes, Cas can’t tell, but he knows him well enough to imagine him doing it.
Dean groans and steps closer to the angel, rolling his eyes as he does so and leans over, taking the small ball from his hands. “You’re impossible.”
“What about the twins?” Sam asks, flipping his phone in his hands, “Maybe Max can help?”
“Which one?”
” Dean sings as he puts the coffee machine on and pokes at Castiel in his pocket.
“No, Cas, that’s not a problem. You’re allowed to think people are pretty for fucks sake.”
It would also explain why Dean was not at all complaining about eating here, considering his extreme obsession with anything on wheels, but the amount of burger choices they offer must have something to do with it as well.
“So, what you’re saying is, if there’d be a grandmother Winchester, she’d be exactly like you? Or rather, you’d be exactly like her.” Castiel prompts, when Dean doesn’t move to the table, but leans on the bar he’s built in his ‘Dean Cave’.
Every beat says something.
There’s a certain kind of sadness in there, somewhere, and Cas can feel it same as Dean. So he scootches closer, legs going in between Dean’s and head falling onto his shoulder, kissing the hunters shoulder blade.
Dean sleeps in his sweats, which Castiel doubts he usually does when the angel isn’t around.
“There’s no sign of a boyfriend.” he says bluntly and Sam gives him a side-eye.
“Well, that was stupid,” she smirks above him, hammer raised.
“That’s very smart of you, Dean.” Sam teases.
Dean’s eyes go wide when the music starts and the little make-shift stage at the corner on the beach fills with just that. Hula girls.
Another year, and he can be with him. Another year, and they’re still here.
"CAS!?"
It’s quiet and there’s no receptionist.
And Castiel makes sure the next kiss stretches said time into an eternity.
To Cas, the actions matter the most. And the way Dean's hands are around him, one thumb gently caressing the hipbone under his shirt, his chin propped on top of Cas' head, it all echoes different emotions, even if Cas can't sense them in the angelic way anymore.
“Dean!” Castiel yells, shocked and anguished, “Stop- Put me d- Unhand me, I’m an angel of the lord-”
He can see Dean swallow and then school his face into the usual smug one. “Maybe next time we should just buy more nachos.”
He tries hard not to show that he likes it and Sam squints his eyes at Dean, rolling them again, when Dean says “It’s not a burger, I’ll tell you that.”
“No,” Castiel agrees, leaning onto the top of the globe and manages to look sexy even at 5 inches, “I learned how to make you blush all on my own.”
See the starlight.
“I was waiting for your return. I didn’t think you’d go out on a hunt alone, but Sam informed me about it this morning. You could’ve told me.” Castiel tries to sound neutral, like he isn’t upset that Dean didn’t invite him, didn’t invite anyone, and took the risk of going alone.
“No but, hear me out-” Dean starts, scooching over in his chair a bit. “If you were that small, you could totally fit in the snitch.”
Dean looks to him and his eyes fall from Cas’ face to his hands.
Castiel sighs, his hands going to his face. “This isn’t helping, Dean.” Cas says, his voice small and Dean leans in to hear him better, his smile falling. “What if it doesn’t work?”
Dean says go for dogs but no go for lizards or spiders. Sam says cats make him sneeze. Castiel is fond of parrots, but anything winged (like bees) gets his attention.
When they’re out again, Sam sighs, obviously not pleased. “Nice and tactful there.”
“Were we really going...where I think we were going with this?” Dean asks, before he can chicken out.
“What exactly is it that ‘happened’?” he asks, but his hands are tightly knit together, he’s wringing them and Castiel knows Dean himself could answer that question.
“Yes. He’s very persuasive.”
Dean stands his ground. “I already cleaned the bathroom for you. I also cleaned the spiderwebs in our bedroom. Castiel, babe. No.” Dean says determinedly.
“And I can? Have you met me?”
So it’s hard not to look. It’s like the blue eyes are magnets and Dean’s just being pulled right in.
When Castiel comes over, Dean leans in to kiss Castiel’s cheek and Cas breathes out happily.
After a good five minutes, Cas suddenly looks towards the beach and then back, remembering something crucial.
Sam says nothing, but keeps smiling smugly as he watches TV.
Dean wraps himself around Cas like a vine around a tree, and in the water it’s that much easier to do, especially because it’s shallow and Cas’ feet still touch the ground.
He keeps Dean close when he leans back in and even closer when the pain in his chest gets a bit too much.
She’s definitely beautiful and Castiel tries not to pay attention when Dean gives her his most flirtatious smile and says “We sure are, sweetheart.”
“My dear boy, of course it was me. I got the alibi by letting Tony lie for me and fake my accounts and credit card bills at a farther away motel. The police were getting suspicious so I had to start covering my tracks,” she makes a bored face as she speaks, sitting next to Sam on the bed. “And when a demon wandered into my motel, well. I couldn’t resist.”
“You gave me 13, so. Seemed only fair to give you the same amount.”
Castiel gets up when Dean passes and his arm slides to Dean’s wrist almost by instinct, holding him for a moment.
Sam stares at him. „Looks like the two celestial beings in the room aren’t the only people who don’t know what cleaning supplies are called.“ He snickers and this time, Dean smacks him in the head.
And his eyes don’t leave Cas, he keeps staring at him, while the girls dance and when Cas says “Dean, what was the point, if you don’t even watch,”, the man just leans in and kisses him again.
Dean’s lips move on his in a slow, languid manner, like there’s nothing else to do but kiss for the next eternity. If Cas could have a say in it, that would be exactly what he’d be doing.
“This,” Cas says, his hand dropping and Dean instantly misses it, but the angel's other hand goes to his own, gently nudging at the knuckles and sliding against his fingers, “This is real.
Dean’s lips on his are wet and soft and warm, his own are chapped against them, but Dean’s sweeps his tongue over them and it’s made better.
“No, but if I did, she’d be whining about no competition.”
“Wuss,” Dean counters and Sam raises and eyebrow with another huff, this time out of discontent.
„Okay, suck-up. Whatever.“ Sam rolls his eyes again. „Guys, come on. Don’t you want a day off from monster-hunting?“
“Whatever you say, big guy,” Dean snorts, sorting through the vinyls again, waving Cas over with one hand.
When Dean settles down on the bed, Cas is still standing in the doorway.
“Jack, Jack! That’s not- how that- works,” Dean is wheezing, trying to save Castiel from the kid while laughing his ass off.
How can there be boneless wings? Aren’t wings the part of a bird that most certainly has bones? And what if the bones are taken out of the wings? Isn’t that just chicken fillet?
It felt like it would be another set of years before Dean would allow himself to admit that he might just feel the same.
, so…”
There’s music coming from the ‘Dean-Cave’ as Cas approaches it a few days later, the sound of Led Zeppelin clearly blasting louder than it usually would.
Castiel is a big softie when it comes to kid’s movies.
In the meanwhile, Castiel looks around the house. It’s small, at the end of a not so good looking street, the wallpaper peeling off here and there. There is a dying plant at the corner next to the TV, where an infomercial is playing. The carpet beneath their feet has seen better days.
The sun is shining and the warmth feels good on Castiel’s skin. He lifts his hand, feeling the smeared blood on his face.
Dean’s wearing his dark-green flannel, the white shirt underneath clinging to his body and Castiel’s eyes almost, almost don’t notice because they fall onto Dean’s lips instead.
And Dean smiles at him, hand on Cas’ shoulder holding on tighter as they sway in an even slower rhythm.
“Cas, let’s get you into dry clothes and then we’ll see about the mattress-surfing.”
“Compared to what you are now, your usual self
It’s easier than breathing now. Dean’s packing all his strength behind these words, almost as if defensive of them. That someone would dare to doubt it. Least of all Cas.
“Pity. He was useful, sometimes.”
Castiel knows immediately that she’s about to lie.
“What about records?”
Pancakes on Sundays.
Sam orders a salad and a smoothie and the boy looks towards Castiel.
On one crisp autumn morning, they’re standing in the kitchen, with Dean shaking his head in disbelief at Cas, while the latter holds a sponge in one hand and dishwashing liquid in the other.
„I know you two just discovered making-out but this doesn’t mean you get to spend every second exchanging saliva. You two aren’t cleaning together if we want anything done.“ Sam says and even though Dean’s usually very breezy about him and Cas, his ears turn red.
They fall to his face and he impatiently moves them away to get a look at Cas.
The music still blares on and Cas asks “Do you only have rock songs here?”
“Dean, just throw me!” Castiel suddenly says and Dean stares down at him in confusion.
The redhead hits his shoulder and laughs. “Is the great Dean Winchester scared? Of a little tarantula?”
“Don’t worry, soon you’ll grow back, just like Groot!” Jack says, all cheerful, and dumps the contents of the mug onto Cas’ head, making Dean spurt forward, holding in his laughter.
Castiel leans into it, it’s warm and welcoming and for once, no one is dying. No one is on the brink of death, to insinuate such gentleness.
Dean knows that Castiel thought of himself as Stitch.
Dean laughs. “Such a mature answer.”
And Dean’s eyes certainly don’t find Cas’ flexing muscles underneath the dress-shirt he’s wearing, but Castiel gives him a look and Dean swallows.
Something bubbles up in the angel and he resists the urge to snort, but instead, knocks.
He stares at her, smile in place and leaning onto the counter casually and Regan’s smile widens. “Well,” she drawls, hand tipping over the counter, fingers moving and brushing the sleeve of Dean’s coat, “I suppose I always have time for handsome agents.”
“Oh yeah, I sometimes forget that as a human, you’re always hungry. And thirsty.” the last comment is made with a wink and Cas rolls his eyes, but for good measure still presses Dean against himself under the water, their bodies moving against each other easily.
Dean is kissing him with a gentle, but evident enthusiasm, the hand that was under his chin still there, fingers holding on as he presses his lips to Cas.
It’s precious and unique.
The position not ideal for kissing, but they make it work.
Cas smiles brightly, when Dean raises the needle and lays it down to where he’s pretty sure the track starts.
Not the way the clock on the table shows ‘12:08’ or the way the door is slightly ajar.
Castiel gives him a confused glance.
Jack almost vibrates with excitement. „Really? That would be so cool!“ he exclaims and leans down to help Dean.
He peers in from the door, not wanting to invade Dean’s privacy and finds him on the recliner, standing up and playing air-guitar while mouthing the words.
When they settle down in the chairs, Cas feels something under him and remembers what’s in his pocket.
Sam goes onto a chair to reach the upper shelves and Jack cleans the table.
They make do, whenever they can’t quite manage with upholding a tradition. They try and that’s what counts.
Cas knows he’s only joking, Sam and Eileen both know that Dean and Cas still hunt, from time to time, when it’s needed, when it’s a local case. But yes, in a way, they have retired.
Castiel detects Sam’s smuggish smile but ignores it - Dean hums happily and Castiel counts it as a win. Even if Dean called his car a piece of crap.
Castiel’s eyes are squinted in concentration now, like he’s drinking in words and that compassionate look in his eyes is what makes Dean go on.
Cas catches Dean’s eyes, when the taller hunter says “And I know that’s not true.”
“Alright, come on, tinkerbell.” Dean says, closing his fingers around Cas, who protests loudly and wiggles his tiny arms, “Let’s get this show on the road.”
You would think that angels being angels, some things just wouldn’t get them, what with all the angels-of-the-lord, wrath-of-god, old-testament kind of shtick they got going on.
That’s the part of Dean that’s by far the most interesting one to the angel, the curve of them is so elegant somehow. They always look inviting, even when Dean’s eyes don’t.
Sometimes Castiel wishes he could and other times he wishes he wasn’t an angel at all.
In the middle of the room, there’s a bed, just an iron cast of it and on it is Sam. His hands and legs are spread and tied up to the bed posts, his legs dangling over it and his head propped up on the wall behind him.
He waves around the table, “I suppose that’s an option. Let’s get to it, then.”
“No, Cas,” Sam sighs, rolling his eyes yet again, “That was sarcasm. I know baconiest is not a word.”
Dean snorts. “Never should’ve taught you how to use sarcasm,” he mumbles, taking another beer and one more, coming over to pass it to the angel.
„Can we play monopoly afterwards?“ Jack now asks. He’s big on the task-reward kind of thing. Dean always lets him watch cartoons when he’s helped him cook.
It’s not at all surprising, then, that Castiel doesn’t need a long time of persuasion to believe every word he says, that he doesn’t need Dean to beg on his knees or shout at him until he cowers under the harsh words.
Castiel lets out an annoyed breath, “Dean…”
, Cas thinks, watching as Dean protests about Sam snatching the beer from his hand, making the hunter get up and bring another for himself,
Safe. Content. Happy. Loved.
“Do it again, Cas.”
“Nah, I’m gonna get some sleep.” he says.
She sets down the boneless wings and their drinks expertly, flipping the empty tray and tucking it under her arm and then flashing a toothy grin towards Castiel.
“Okay, why don’t I go with Cas and you,” Sam points at Dean who now has a smudge of ketchup on his upper lip, “can go to the motel, see what you can get out of the manager. They must have some records on who stayed in the rooms or something.”
“Cas, that’s okay, I don’t mind.”
Dean laughs, when Cas does stumble, and Cas blushes and says “Stop laughing,” but Dean doesn’t, so Cas leans in to press a quick kiss on his lips to make him stop.
He leans in, touching his lips to Dean’s in a split second.
“Sam don’t appreciate shit,” Dean says, dismissive, “He’s just glad that you two can gang up on me.”
Cas’ leans in automatically and Dean doesn’t pull away, their foreheads touching from the sides, as Dean leads them in a small circle.
Dean stands there, half in the dark and he still manages to look more ehtreal than anything Castiel has ever seen. It makes it hard to look at him and Cas blinks, eyes going to the ceiling for a moment.
She smirks, gives Dean a very provocative glance and a raised eyebrow, before she clicks away.
“Oh, fuck off,” Dean shoves him and Castiel raises his head, staring at him with a playful smirk.
Then, unexpectedly, they hear Sam say, amused: “Fine? You’re doing what he says?”
“Well, thank you.” Dean’s voice is so quiet, so soft, that it’s barely audible, if Castiel wouldn’t be an angel, he’d probably not heard it.
There is a slight shade of hesitation and Castiel stills, his grace humming in what he knows is fear. Fear that Dean would change his mind at the last minute.
His fingers still grip the menu while his eyes turn to the waiter, who is clicking his pen nervously. He looks about 16 with a scrawny look and ginger hair. There are freckles on his nose, though not so much as Dean has.
“I don’t need a babysitter, Cas, how many times-”
“I’ll crawl into your ear while you sleep.” Cas says, seriously.
Cas blinks at him, caught by surprise, and then he almost shrugs, ducking his head.
again? You’ve seen it like a hundred times. You probably have it memorized.”
If Cas steers them right, it could be so much more.
Sam’s hand stops and Dean looks up.
The look on Jack’s face is worth Sam’s infinity glaring.
“I can come with!” Jack immediately fills in as Castiel protests.
“You’re an angel of the pocket, is what you are. There we go.” Without further ado, Dean places Castiel into the front chest-pocket of his flannel and the angel struggles to stay upright.
’ Well, that’s not gross at all.” Dean reads out loud, hand moving on the pages as he traces the lines.
None of it matters to him, though, because doing it for Dean, it’s but a grain in the sand. A teardrop in the ocean. His grace for humanity that he could share with Dean.
Once again, they don’t question how or why it is there.
“I’m not going to be your god-damn flashlight, Dean!”
But Dean’s lips part softly when he studies Castiel’s face, the lines and the curve of his mouth like he’s done before, but this time he doesn’t cower away when Castiel catches him staring, he doesn’t shy away, eyes to the ground and ignoring that the Angel sees and knows. He stares, still, resilient and takes one more step closer.
“I’m thinking movie night.” He says, determined, but Sam delivers a yawn.
“You didn’t sleep well last night,” Castiel starts and Dean’s eyes flicker to him, the panic rising. Is Cas going to talk about last night? But the angel continues effortlessly, gliding over the awkward tension Dean’s feeling, “You should maybe get some more rest. If we need to fight tonight, you should be your best self.”
He hopes Cas goes the opposite direction, but the angel follows him (of course) and stays close.
Castiel watches him go with some remorse, but when Dean’s in the car, putting Baby into gear and driving past, his eyes still find the angel, quickly averting when he sees Cas staring back, as if he wasn’t planning on giving him a ‘one last glance’ but couldn’t help it.
“It’s bad.” Jack recites and then makes a face, “I don’t like lying. It makes my stomach hurt.”
Dean’s hand covers his half way, his thumb gliding over the back of Cas’ hand.
„I thought you liked hunting?“ he asks now and Dean stops dusting the bar counter.
“Okay, guys, what can I get ya?” She’s chewing gum, her red lipstick a little smudged at the edge, but her hair is beautifully drawn up, covered by a bandana, that’s knotted at the top of her head.
Cas pulls back a little, his lips still look glistening and a little swollen and Dean wants to bite down on them again.
Dean waves a hand, “Yes, I realize, Ms. Damas, but we’re just following up some leads and I have only a couple of questions, won’t take long.”
Dean stares at him, eyes crinkling when he smirks and shakes his head lightly, as if Cas said something funny. “Yes, Cas, we’re eating nachos. Come on, you were supposed to pick this one, remember?”
Castiel’s eyes find Dean first, he’s perched up on a desk, holding onto his hand that’s bleeding excessively and is in a weird angle. It’s most likely broken. His face is glinting with sweat, nose covered in dry blood, lower lip caught between his teeth as he grimaces in pain, but his green eyes open when Cas walks in and immediately he shakes his head, but it’s too late.
His eyebrow is raised in question.
With the word ‘home’ come responsibilities like ‘keeping the rooms clean and tidy’, ‘doing chores’, ‘cooking breakfast (and any other meals of the day)’.
He could fall, fall to his knees and take Dean with him, combust into the light he used to be, embracing them both in the sweet sensational bubble they’ve created in the abandoned playground.
And it’s perfect.
“This keeps getting worse.” the angel says, when Dean’s hand finds Cas’ arm and he is curling his fingers around it.
There are unspoken words there, something Cas is accustomed to - Dean is not great with words, but it doesn't matter.
The defiance with which they are spoken, the harsh line of Dean’s mouth and the determined green of his eyes that could reflect either the green of emeralds or the green of jades, depending on the light, it all takes but a second to convince Castiel.
Watching Scooby Doo whenever someone says ‘I don’t know, just put on whatever’. Jack uses this to his advantage more than once.
Cas pulls back and Dean chases after him.
Castiel looks down at his hot dog, a small smile pressing its way to his lips, no matter how hard he tries to ignore it.
Castiel moves closer to him, pushing himself off the door. He gives Dean the softest look. “What’s at the bottom?”
“Cas, no. It’s not that.”
The words are soft, almost lost in the space around them, would they not be so close. The closeness is something Castiel has longed for as long as he can remember his time around Dean and his soul. With a jolt he realizes, he won’t ever be able to see it again.
Dean’s fingers curl around the box and his holding it like it’s something that can shatter any moment. Or explode.
Whatever Dean’s feeling, Castiel is feeling more intensely, he’s sure of it. He could not know, because Dean won’t say a single thing, but Castiel knows how rejecting love looks like. It doesn’t matter, because he’s done being in the unknown.
Castiel has the nerve to wink while Sam shakes his head with a fond smile.
Castiel knows Dean likes hot dogs, and he also enjoys chili. Would he find the combination of the two satisfying?
That smile, beautiful, so full of joy. It’s so sincere, Cas feels as if he’s almost not allowed to witness it. Almost.
It’s not surprising, then, that Dean, the supposed Michael Sword, the one who would lay waste to the enemies of his family, the one who would be the key to all peace on Earth, the one who would not let himself be manipulated, pulled, pushed or dragged through the mud and blood, that this Dean, his Dean, would say these words.
“You’re not the only smart one, Sammy.”
“Like what, Jack?” Castiel asks, utterly patient and Dean smiles at them both.
Cas had heard this track many times in the Impala, while they drive to hunts or just on a beer-run, so the words are already embedded in his brain.
He manages to tower over Dean, not as tall as he once said he’d be, not the intimidating height of the Chrysler building, but half of it - it’s the best he can do at this rate. His grace is uncontainable, vastly, but can be controlled for a moment in time. Just enough to make the adjusting more comfortable for Dean, perhaps.
When they stand on the ground, Dean’s breath slightly knocked out of his lungs (for which Castiel plans to apologize), it’s mid-day, sun shining onto the abandoned playground like nothing has happened. Like no time has passed since he was last here.
Hercules fighting the Nemean Lion.
“Everything. Anything. Something.” Castiel says and it’s like he’s pushed an invisible button.
“How’d you figure it out?” Sam sounds mildly surprised and Dean rolls his eyes.
Dean groans, but when Cas turns, he’s delighted to see he’s not the only one trying to direct blood back north.
And Dean Winchester, of everything on this Earth, would bring him to his knees and have him fall, fall, fall, straight into the darkness so he could be the one to pull Cas into the light.
He’s never been good at denying Dean anything and right now, he can’t deny that he would do anything, give anything.
Cas decides to go in, then, quietly shutting the door and leaning onto it, observing Dean.
“I’ll get it. I’ll run by the motel as well. What you told us about this manager’s story… Something doesn’t add up. And I feel like I’m missing something… I need to clear my head anyways.” Sam butts in, already slinging a backpack over his shoulder.
Castiel lets go, lets the vessel around him fall apart, knowing he can reassemble momentarily.
"Cas, you dumb fucking son of a bitch." Dean says and then, he laughs, he laughs almost hysterically because they're standing in the middle of a freaking storm and Cas thinks...
“I know,” Cas says, which is also evident, but Dean chuckles and Cas continues. “We have time.”
When Sam comes in, he does it all over again.
But no pictures of her sister.
“Hey, show some respect,” Dean says. Then, he puts his hands on Cas’ hips, his face changes into a comically serious one and he announces “After all, I’m the one who gripped you tight and raised you from the Empty” with a low, rumbling voice, clearly imitating Cas.
He can see it, Dean’s soul beneath his chest, pulsing in the white of a pearl and black of tar, almost reaching out to collide with his grace.
He reads and reads, without getting tired, but it does get tedious. He sometimes stands, looking out the window, seeing the lamp light flicker.
She seems apprehensive, when Sam and Cas introduce themselves as FBI agents, as people usually are when they go with this cover.
Tony steps left and avoids him, sword clashing with his blade again when he steps closer.
“Fuck yeah! Say hello to my little friend!” Dean whoops and barely registers Castiel’s roll of eyes as the angel jumps off to the third vamp, while Dean makes quick work of the already injured ones.
Sam and Eileen howl with laughter when Dean lets out a disbelieving, “You didn’t.”
He can see Dean’s smile falter a little, eyes widen a bit, when Cas leans over his own armrest, supporting his elbow on Dean’s chair and with the other, takes a bunch of nachos from the plate.
There’s the distinct clatter of the little miniature ball making its way through the goal (which is, evidently, just a small hole inside the table) and Dean whoops, loud and obnoxious.
“This. A demigod.” Castiel says, laying the book down on the table. It’s pages are yellowish and the swirling letters are in cursive here and there, some of them in capital letters and a picture of a man, upper half of his body naked and the lower covered in a short cloth, one hand wielding what looks to be a hammer.
“Why can’t I-” Jack starts, slightly whining, but Dean raises a finger.
Dean takes Cas with him. That time, and every other time he wants to come.
“Alright, activate your eyes, Cas.”
It’s not his fault that he feels...not indifferent towards Cas. Duh, he’s family. But no one asked the angel to come along with his magical curing hands and heal Dean from his recurring nightmares. No one asked him to- to be that compassionate and caring about Dean’s wellbeing. Completely smothering him with it.
Cas mimics the movement of Dean’s from earlier, putting the bud into his ear, and Dean presses play, after which he leans his forehead against Cas’.
“Why don’t I start and you can just...listen?” Castiel offers and he can see Dean already panic. But Castiel waves his hand in dismissal. “Just listen.”
“I’m fine, just not looking where I’m going, is all. Cas?” The angel has been staring down at the ground for like a minute now and Dean steps closer gingerly, his foot still aching from the damn book Cas is eyeing.
Cas takes off his coat and holds it above their heads, even though they're both already unsalvageably soaked.
“And who even said that?” Dean asks, rolling his eyes.
And then Dean looks at him, his eyes on him are determined and when Dean’s hand goes to Castiel’s trench coat to pull him in, it’s not like Castiel was expecting it.
“Am I making you uncomfortable, Dean?” Cas asks and his voice is low and sweet.
And with a jolt, he realizes, he is. Home.
They’ve been up and at ‘em for so many days in a row, one good night sleep is far away from fixing it.
Sam scoffs and rolls his eyes affectionately. “Let’s get back, shower first and then eat?”
Castiel eyes them, suspicious.
But nothing comes and Dean laughs that small laugh of his, it’s sound almost sorrowful, if it wasn’t voiced in the most happiest of scenarios.
“Atticus. That’s the name of the motel.” Sam says, grunting like he’s reaching for something. “And I remembered that Procrustes was descended from Attica. Seemed like too big of a coincidence. My money’s on the manager.”
Castiel gives him a pleading look. Dean doesn’t falter. “Cas. I scraped the lasagna you burned off the pot for 30 minutes.”
So he comes up to look at Dean and for some reason, gets the urge to kiss his nose, so he does. Dean smirks at him. “Softy,” he says and Cas slaps his arm playfully.
Castiel didn’t expect it, nor did he wish for it.
Castiel’s head tilts as she observes the woman. He stares right back at her, as she gapes at him and then Sam, as if caught between a crossfire.
“Cas?” Dean asks and his voice is gentle, Cas smiles while still hugging him.
“You haven’t even listened to it yet.”
“I love you.” Dean says then, his voice steady and strong. He’s been making it a point not to let his voice quake or quiver when he says that to Cas.
Watching him is like watching a little miracle - every move is unexpected but always pleasant. The hunter can be childish, the hunter can be with a ‘can-do’ attitude, ready to take down the next big bad with a paper-clip and no plan on how to do it.
“Ice cream?” the boy asks and Castiel nods.
Many things run through Dean’s head, starting with ’there are so many spider webs’ and ending in ’has Cas even ever seen a vacuum cleaner?’, but instead of rolling his eyes he opts to look at Sam in pure disgust.
Castiel’s hand goes around the stake inside his coat and he takes it, tosses it to Dean who catches it with precision of a hunter and drives it through her chest from behind, having moved over the floor while Castiel distracted her.
“Okay, so maybe it’s just some kind of a freaky human psycho?” Dean says, licking his fingers and Castiel finds the sight fascinating.
His head is moving around on the pillow, as much as Cas can see in the dark and since he’s an angel, he can see Dean’s sharp outline well.
Castiel feels like he needs to clarify himself, but Sam’s eyebrows rise way up.
Sam coughs. “Anyways,” he smirks, but his eyes are on the laptop,” I think we should talk to the victims sister, Ayesha Cortese. She lives just outside of the city…”
„Guys!“ Jack calls them over and Dean is saved.
“Yeah, yeah, I know.” Dean tells him and rests his forehead against Cas’.
“Wait ‘til Jack sees you.” Dean goes on, his smile now almost splitting as he thinks about the nephilim's glee in seeing the angel this small.
“Just go with it, Cas.” Dean says and closes his eyes.
“Maybe, she had accomplices…” he whispers back and sees Dean’s face scrunch up in concentration.
„Or maybe, it’s put here by some of our frequent and most petulant guests. Like Crowley.“ Dean announces.
“You’re beautiful.” Dean says, his voice is so small, just like he is, beneath Castiel, staring around him, lost in all the grace that seeks to wrap Dean in it, like Castiel’s very being aches to be close to him, close to his soul.
„We should clean this place.“
“I’m not being gracious,” Castiel says, seeing Dean’s glare, “I’m being reasonable. I don’t sleep, which means I can research all night. You, on the other hand, are falling asleep while standing up.” he gestures to Dean, who opens his mouth, no doubt to protest, and knocks over his beer bottle.
Dean’s sleeves of the flannel shirt are rolled up, revealing his arms and in here, when it’s just the two of them, he’s barefoot in the blue faded jeans.
His eyes squint a little, as he reads the listing.
Dean gives him a look. “I’m not whining,” he says proudly, but the angel tilts his head.
But he can’t, because damn him if the kid isn’t adorable. He smiles weakly. „Sure thing, kiddo. Let’s go, I’ll show you how to dust shit.“
Dean takes a step toward Cas, ignoring the surprised look on his face, and the parted lips and the small
Cas, in the same, now soaked, trenchcoat, same unruly hair that are flat on his forehead from the rain, eyes so fucking blue even in the dark of the storm.
Dean moves a little, leaning back so he can look Cas in the eyes.
His fingertips pulse painfully as soon as the grace realizes it’s on the Earth, pulled from it’s Heavenly home, from the Angel it cradled, and Castiel takes a small vial from the pocket of the trenchcoat.
Sam gives Cas the greatest bitchface of all time, then mouths ‘dude’, behind the whitening Ayesha.
Whenever the part comes up where Stitch is alone in the woods with the book of the ugly duckling, Castiel lets a few tears slip. Dean only mildly teases and bundles him up in a blanket, hugging him close and kissing his forehead with a small smile.
Castiel only has time to nod, when the red-haired waiter is back.
Dean waves him off. “Not that bad.”
Jack’s growing excited now, too. „I could help!“
“Look at you, best seats in the house!” Dean almost cooes and Castiel’s eyes flicker a dangerous blue and Dean raises a hand. “Aren’t you cranky.”
From under the jacket and the unmistakable flannel peeking out, he hears the steady rhythm.
His mind stretches just as his form does, bright and blinding and glorious. His grace hums and flows and pulls at him, he can only feel the warmth, the power beneath it. He can see Dean, small, like an ant beneath him and presses at his grace, forcing it to take smaller proportions, however hard it is to contain himself.
Cas is dusting the upper shelves and when Dean gets to the chorus again, he hums along.
He returns Dean’s kiss eagerly, every time they kiss it sparks so much joy in Cas it’s hard to explain the feelings running through him.
Castiel would smile, would he be in his vessel, he would pull Dean in and kiss him breathless, let the grace in him surround them, hugging tight, and then dissolve. Clinging to hope that if it’s gone, if he’s not him anymore, Dean would still look at him and see it.
After being called out for it by Cas, Sam glares for a while and then launches into the schematics of who cleans what (turns out, they do have cleaning supplies, Dean just didn’t know about it) and loudly protests when Dean wants to clean the Dean-cave with Cas.
It turns out that the mattress-surfing is successful.
“I mean no, I don’t wanna stop.” Dean tells him quickly, hoping that maybe Cas changed his mind.
„Or Rowena.“ Sam interjects.
„We wouldn’t?“ Castiel asks, one eyebrow raised in a challenge and Dean wants to squirm in his seat.
In those shorts and that ridiculous shirt.
He picks a song out of each one and tells it to Dean, who then has to guess what kind of album they’re dealing with.
Dean is singing as he gets to the kitchen, much to Castiel’s dismay, but that doesn’t mean Dean’s about to stop.
“Cas?”
Sam’s brows furrow. “Okay, so the victim, Eli Cortese, was found in a motel room, on the bed with no mattress and just the frame, arms and legs stretched to the point of dislocation and tied to the bed posts, as well as,” he says, eyeing his laptop, pausing in disbelief “the head was also um, stretched, until it came clean off.” Sam finishes slowly.
“In the nightmares, I mean.” Dean gestures with his hand vaguely, leaning onto the wall next to the sink and the other sloshes the water around in the glass. “I see them dying, over and over again. Sam, Bobby, Ellen, Jo, Charlie… You.”
He looks back for a moment and sees Dean’s wide eyes on him. The green is laced with slight panic and fear. Fear for his brother.
“It’s a vessel, most likely.”
“Jack- What are you-” Castiel can be heard saying, while Jack raises a mug.
“What about you?”
“Jesus, Cas, a warning would be good next time.” Dean exclaims when he turns on the light and sees Castiel just sitting there, hands in his lap and playing with the edge of his trench coat.
Dean doesn’t say anything, but smiles at the angel and Cas keeps his own eyes glued to the TV, where people are shooting and John Reid is not really handling it well. The Lone Ranger doesn’t seem up to the job, not yet anyways.
Castiel takes a step back, alarming Dean as the hunters hand falls away, but Castiel smiles.
“So, it’s a rollercoaster of tunes?” Dean snickers, thigh pressing against Cas’.
"I didn't think you'd want me to stay, after what happened."
“A little self-preservation was in order.” he says almost casually and moves before Cas can react.
„I thought you didn’t like it.“ Castiel challenges, leaning onto the counter.
Sam, finished with his own food, looks very satisfied. His hand goes over to Castiel, where the angel is sitting next to the hunter, and reaches for his food.
He looks absolutely gorgeous right now.
Castiel’s hand around him tightens a little bit and Dean feels tired all of a sudden.
Dean’s looking at Sam like he’s gone full-on berserkers. „Like our job isn’t physical enough.“ He mumbles.
She is wearing a uniform of sorts, a two piece suit and looks professional, if not considering the hammer she’s holding along with a murderous gaze and a predatory smile.
“What are you, the boyfriend police? He’s out right now.” the young woman snarks and Sam jumps in.
Dean grumbles and it can be seen that he’s trying hard not to roll his eyes. “Yeah? Well, I think the ‘saving you’ thing is mutual and there’s really nothing to do about that.”
And it’s not on the lyrics from songs that Cas deliberately put on the mixtape.
He sighs, peering up from his book. Cas is just turning the page, eyes on the writing, utterly concentrated.
, is what Dean always says. Castiel quickly disregards the burger with two fish fillets and his finger stops at hot dogs.
Dean stops for a minute, staring at the boy. Jack’s dusting the last of the vinyls and is smiling down at the Zeppelin's Mothership.
They finish up there and head to the map room and Dean checks on his angel and his brother in the kitchen.
Castiel raises his hand, “I can fix your sprain.”
Sam snorts, Castiel gives Dean an apprehensive look but then directs himself towards Jack, smiling once again.
“Ms. Cortese,” Sam starts, but Castiel cuts in.
“Start the coffee, moron.” Dean throws a pen he found on the table towards Sam.
“I don’t know, but we need to call Sam, he’s on his way there, remember? We need to prepare ourselves.”
“Wait, what?” Dean asks, when his brain catches up.
“Yeah, sure, kill the fun.” the older hunter says with an irritable tone that Castiel can detect but can’t place.
Dean is definitely trying to hold back tears, Cas can tell, and so the hunter distracts them by pointing at Sam’s shirt. “What in the hell is that?”
They’re long past trying to control each other, trying to keep each other safe.
Dean finds Castiel trying to climb down the table on his own when he delivers the line “You think you can do these things, but you just can’t, Cas!” and Jack quickly picks up on what they’re doing after that (clearly, the kid’s been watching way too many cartoons).
“Dude, it’s likely a sprain, your whole arm is broken.” Sam scolds, getting up and reaching out.
“Okay, no more Princess Diaries for you, mister.” Dean wags a finger, but Sam gives Jack a sympathetic glance.
Dean is regarding him in disbelief. “You’re...amazing.”
“Can I-” the start of a sentence, when Dean’s hand goes to Castiel’s arm, stopping his movement that would hurl them both towards the Earth, away from this place between the terrestrial planes and the Heavenly gates, not exactly nowhere but the at the same time, not existing.
The rain is pouring down like crazy, it's windy and he can't see shit and it's fucking freezing but he shouts over the wind the one word he can think of right now.
Sam shrugs and smiles. “Yeah, okay.” he says and Dean comes over, leaning onto the counter.
Dean couldn’t help the laugh that bubbled out of his throat. “You remember that, huh?”
That … confession. Cas’s final words had torn through Dean’s very soul as though they were Death’s scythe itself.
“I didn’t start seeing her outside of my dreams until I got to Canton. And at first, I thought it really was Kate,” Jenny said. “It sounded exactly like her, and saying things only she would know. But everything about her was just …
“W-what?” Tommy looked like he was really fighting to put the pieces together in his head. “Who … who’s askin’?”
What he didn’t have to admit, was that Cas was right about this side of the falls.
“Hey, it’s okay, it’s okay,” Dean mumbled, the reassuring words just tumbling out of his mouth after an entire childhood, an entire lifetime of practice. The man who’d been trained to be a killer, whose every nerve had been broken and reshaped in the art of taking a life, had words of comfort arise as his deepest instinct. He reached out his hand, palm up, unthreatening into the stall. The two boys recoiled, the older one curling protectively around his brother – an act that sat all too familiar with Dean.
“Sounds like Jack,” Dean said.
But that’s where it was wrong. There was
“Shut
Dean couldn’t help the soft, reluctant smile that pulled at the corner of his mouth. Bobby looked just as he always did – clad in old flannel and a fishing vest, his face framed by a scruffy beard, and that old trucker’s hat Dean swore was older than he was perched on his head. The only difference now, was the long scythe Bobby leaned on like he’d always had it, like it was a part of himself, and Death’s large white ring around his finger.
, his mind overenunciated, tasting the word as though it were an interesting new food, full of nuance and odd flavors. He poured all of his focus into conjuring the image of his hands, but all he could see was dark.
Over the months, the hunter network had grown into an incredible support system. A hunter going missing was rare, and funerals even more so. They had guidebooks and trainings and protocols and researchers. Eileen had made sure every hunter in the network learned sign language to communicate soundlessly in the field, something that ended up being an invaluable skill when stalking monsters that would much rather be stalking you. They’d even worked out a system for determining how to keep tabs on monsters who’d held on to their humanity, in a branch of the network spearheaded by Garth. Live and let live, he’d called it.
“I don’t care what you’re the God of,” Dean raised his injured hand to grip the wheel in rage, ignoring the pain that seared up his arm. “Get. Out. Of. Cas.”
Dean followed the vine with his eyes, glancing up to the source. Thick, oozing tendrils of darkness coiled around the rafters, slowly winding down the pillars and toward the multitude of dead bodies. Toward Cas. The vines throbbed, swelling and compressing as though they were alive. As though they were all breathing in unison.
, Sam! Look!” He grabbed a fistful of Sam’s jacket and yanked him forward, pointing. He could feel his frustration curling down his arm and into his fingertips, tightening his grip. Dean could hear his own heartbeat now, every rhythmic pump of blood echoing in his ears and pounding in his jaw.
By the time Sam stepped into the library, he’d heard Jason Manns croon out that song about four times too many. Sure enough, his iPod was no longer in the Impala; rather, it was plugged into a speaker set on one of the library’s tables.
The routine continued as the months went by. Dean went on a few hunts at first, swooping in to kick the shit out of a few wayward demons and lay a few ghosts to rest. He had wings, but still insisted on driving for days – a decision Sam didn’t get, but Cas didn’t mind, since it meant a lot of time nestled close to Dean on the Impala’s front bench seat (and more often than not, the backseat too).
“Well—“ Dean said before he could catch himself. “Not quite.”
it!” Sam pointed the tip of the machete at Jenny, who was now rocking on the floor, sobbing and clutching her the shredded remnants of her knee.
Dean?” Sam shouted.
Jenny shrieked.
Jack’s shoulders dropped with relief. He turned to Cas, brimming with excitement. “The system works!”
Cas tried to scowl, and failed. “I told you to run.”
“Aw, why not?” Jenny pouted mockingly. “It’ll be like a picnic! You even packed me a dinner.”
his mind corrected.
“My…?” Cas squinted as he pieced it together. “You’re referring to my wings.”
It seemed like a pretty typical hunt.
The pain in his hand had dulled to a numb ache. He wanted so badly to be back in the bunker and out of this hellhole. He’d only agreed to a hunt to distract himself from what had happened to Cas – what he’d
“C’mon, boy,” he said. “You look like you could use a drink.”
Dean figured out what to do with his hands. He wrapped one tighter around Cas’s waist, and brought the other around to cup Cas’s jaw – more to steady himself than anything else. He opened his eyes to meet Cas’s gaze once again, and this time, he let himself be lost. “If you’ll have me,” his voice barely edged just above a whisper. “I’m yours.”
His heartache suddenly grew more intense with the words, as though they were directed at him.
“Humans can’t just waltz into the Empty, Dean.” He gestured to Dean’s wings. “But Angels can.”
They soaked some bullets in dead man’s blood, since there was a good amount of evidence in Dad’s journal to suggest this really was a bunch of vamps who were just inexplicably extra freaky on the side. Dad had hunted down a few of the fuckers from this nest before, and decapitation worked just fine – so Dean didn’t think they needed to prepare much else. But they doused their machetes in holy water, just in case.
Jenny smiled, the first genuine smile he’d ever seen from her. “It’s okay,” she said, sliding her arm up out of Dean’s grip so she could grasp his hand. She squeezed it gently. “You’re saving me now.”
He scrolled faster, desperately thumbing down his screen, every muscle in his body clenching, telling him both to run and that he fucked up again, that he wasn’t here when Cas needed him, that—
there for him in a way his old man never was. The beer itself was cheap and badly brewed, but it tasted like memories, and good ones at that.
And as Dean pulled away from that goddamned barn, he swore he could see black vines pushing through the wooden planks and winding up the doorframe out of the corner of his eye. But when he glanced into the rearview mirror, there was nothing but night.
“What did it mean, ‘the crux of my guilt is still alive?’” Sam mused. “It can only manifest as the dead?”
“That’s part of it. Happiness is too…” He sighed as he trailed off. “Nothing feels … heavy enough.”
Bobby’s ring now, he supposed.
The sun felt warm on his face, and he closed his eyes and savored a deep breath of sweet summertime air. There was a peace here, but a fleeting one. An undeserved one. How could he rest when there was so much unfinished, so much unsaid?
He stretched out his other wing, testing the movement, flaring them out to the side, then up, furling and unfurling them separately at first, then together. He marveled at the way the feathers folded and splayed with the movement, the way they ruffled in the breeze and glimmered in the sunlight. They were stunning. He distantly wondered what Cas’s wings had looked like before he’d fallen, and now deeply regretted not getting the chance to see them. He was sure even his wings, as sleek and beautiful as they were, wouldn’t hold a candle to Cas’s.
Dean squeezed his hand around Cas’s forearm, but Cas kept speaking to the memory of an angel who wasn’t there.
“Yep. It’s all one big Heaven now. A real life after life.” Bobby passed one of the bottles to Dean. “You boys raised him right.”
“You will,” Sam said, leveling a hardened stare at her. “Count on it. We’ll come after you.”
i've known dylan for approximately six paragraphs but if anything happened to him i would kill everyone in this room and then myself
lost Cas. I need you to see that.”
Dean knew this was a possibility. That the plan to banish the Empty by drawing it completely into himself and dying to slingshot it away from the mortal plane was reckless; made even more so by the fact they didn’t have enough serum left to stop his heart on its own. Jenny had to weaken him for it to work. But it worked a little too well.
Dean cut him off. He fished the Impala’s keys out of his pocket and dangled them in the air. “Let’s go.”
“Okay, good, because I have a weird amount of questions for you tomorrow. Your room is still the way it was, but—” Sam turned to Cas with a wince. “I sort of gave your room to Claire, she crashes here sometimes in between hunts and I—“
when he hit the ground.
“Dean, that’s it! That’s the connection between what you both saw,” Sam said almost excitedly as the pieces came together in his head faster than he could speak. “You both—“
“It like … oozes,” she said. “Like oil. Right before it shows up you just see … black. And wet.” She scrunched up her face. “And the
He flexed one wing, slowly unfurling it as wide as it would go. The dark feathers shimmered an iridescent blue-green, reflecting an ocean’s depth he felt he could get lost in. The feathers closest to him were a stark contrast to the primaries, which extended into a brilliant white, and were then tipped in black like a knife’s edge. The further out along the wing he looked, the more translucent the feathers became, the sun glinting through them like stained glass.
“But—“
And there it was. The question Dean had been half-hoping for, and half-dreading at the same time. And it was one he realized he had no idea how to answer.
“Life’s only precious because it ends,” Dean mused, recalling a quote from a book he’d once read to Jack, back when the kid was struggling to define the line of morality and where he stood on it.
Dean leaned back in the patio chair, letting a slow and languid stretch roll through his body. He couldn’t remember the last time he stretched his legs out without feeling his knees pop or his muscles burn. He’d been battered and bruised by the hunt long before the aches of age could settle in to his joints.
Bobby shrugged. “Only the best beyond the pearly gates,” he said as he took a drink. “What, you were expecting somethin’ fancy?”
“Dude, what you’re messing with here is
Cas handed him a napkin, though Dean wiped his hands on his jeans anyway. “You run across a vamp named Jenny?” he’d asked, off-handedly.
By the time they padded into the kitchen, with Cas still yawning and leaning on Dean to stay upright, it was well past one in the afternoon.
They flipped a coin and, since they didn’t have God writing luck into their cards anymore, did exactly the opposite of what the coin toss decided.
He shoved that thought down – if that was the case, the world would’ve ended weeks ago.
The static Dean just realized he could hear, right now.
“I forget how weak and stupid you humans are,” she mused, curling her lip up in disdain. “A vampire never forgets a scent, though I doubt even a dumb mangy ‘wolf could forget a Winchester stench.”
Bud barked. Case closed. Dean threw up his hands in a shrug at Sam, who rolled his eyes and turned backed to the stove.
Dean tried not to think about that too hard.
“Wait a second,” Dean said, opening up the file they’d gotten from the scene. “How many kids were snatched in the other three cases we know about?”
“So you … what, got a job?” Dean smirked, jabbing his thumb at the scythe.
It was a tone he knew Cas didn’t deserve. Neither of them did.
“Sam!” Dean yelled, gritting his teeth and twisting his arm to try and wrestle free from the monster’s grip before they could break his wrist.
“Should we go back to the—“
The Empty’s demeanor inverted on a dime as it felt its grip loosening on Dean’s mind. The jovial mockery in its posture and tone snapped into a sinister rage, its sneer melting into a snarl. It was a sudden shift in temper Dean knew all too well from growing up on the wrong side of John’s fist. The Empty sprang forward, sinking its fingertips into Dean’s temples, burrowing down with its jagged nails.
Whatever, whomever had just come crashing in, would never leave. Only one thing ever had.
” Dean yelled, punching his good hand against the driver’s door. “He… he
Dean had been wary about going somewhere so sprawling and dark, without any source of light – it reminded him too much of the dark of the Empty. Anything that seemed endless and devoid of life still made fear twine around every one of his nerves. He gripped the steering wheel tight, Baby’s engine rumbling as she idled, waiting for Dean to work up the courage to shut her headlights off and plunge them into the dark.
everything from me under the twisted guise of my consent.”
wasn’t quite the right word.
memory.
He stood in the doorway, relishing in the gust of fresh air that wasn’t heavy with whatever the fuck was going on in the motel room. He’d been through this before, he thought. After he’d made it out of Purgatory without Cas. He’d started seeing things, hearing things, things that weren’t there. He’d chalked it up to guilt and loss – and this time seemed no different.
Castiel floated on, numb. This place was cold and wet and devoid of any and all meaning, and though it was far from peaceful, it was the most at peace Castiel had ever felt.
“You—
you if you put an iPod in Baby, I’d haunt your ass.”
Dean was suddenly uncomfortable in his seat. The muscles in his back ached like they did after he’d been driving for hours. He twisted and shifted in his chair, trying to work out the tightness he suddenly felt pulling between his shoulder blades.
Dean had been hoping to somehow sneak out of here, to wrap Cas up in his arms and make a break for it, but he hadn’t accounted for the angel to be in some sort of trance. It looked like he was going to have to confront the Empty itself to snap Cas out of it – and he’d have to deal the first blow.
“Uh,” Dean tensed. “Bobby’s Death now?” That gas station sink was on full blast, huh.
“What?” Dean said. “Why?”
Dean just nodded solemnly. “And everyone else?”
“Dean,” Cas’s voice was rougher than he remembered. Empty, even. Like the first time they’d met, when Cas was still a soldier with the personality of a heart monitor that had flatlined. “Help.”
“Cas, answer me,” Dean choked out through clenched teeth. The blisters had started to creep along the back of his hand and up his arm, weeping a thick, black liquid of their own. But he refused to pull away. “I’m not leaving you like this.” Tears stung the edges of Dean’s eyes. “I won’t.”
Dean cut him off. “Do you trust me?”
They had a game plan. Find the two missing kids, and kill the sons of bitches who’d snatched them.
The darkness poured down from where it had pooled itself in the rafters, a steady stream of black ooze slowly taking shape as it touched the ground. And out of the viscous, oily black – a shade so dark it swallowed any shred of light that came near it – stepped the visage of a man that cut Cas to the core. Cas flinched, stumbling back until he collided with Dean.
“He just
“You know,” the stolen voice of Cas drifted out from somewhere behind him. Dean spun around on his knees, eyes searching. But there was only darkness.
“Because you’re not the only one dealing with this,” Sam continued. “We both are. We
“No,” Castiel stretched his arm out further, desperate, straining to reach it before – before – “
Jack just furrowed his brow and tilted his head in confusion. And
it. The heaviness of the Empty pulsed from within every rusted nail inside the barn, and every eye burnt into the wooden beams turned its petrified glare upon him. He could sense it whispering beneath his footsteps in the dust, slipping through the spaces of his exhales, winding and writhing into his thoughts with every aching breath.
“You idjit,” Bobby snarked. “You saved the whole damn world and you still think you outta be in Hell? You’re denser than a bowl’a motel oatmeal.”
There was silence in the car for a long moment.
“Dean?” Sam whispered, glancing around nervously. “What is it?”
“Humans can’t enter the Empty,” Cas explained. “But angels can.”
-- Young Rising Sons
!” The words came out almost as an accusation.
Dean’s heart pounded in his ears. The way Cas was looking at him, wide-eyed and brows pinched up –
He burst into the barn, turning his body sideways to squeeze into the gap between the doors without slowing down. Dean glanced around frantically in the dark, fumbling to switch on his flashlight.
from her life. Dead. Not psychoanalyzed.
“self-destructive—“
She wasted no time in analyzing him back. The vampire hissed, baring her fangs and shoving Dean to the ground. His head snapped back, grazing the dusted concrete foundation, and he caught a glimpse of Sam wrestling with the one remaining vampire he’d yet to kill. The other one’s severed head lay a few feet away from Dean’s face, its jaw still reflexively snapping at the air as blood pooled around it.
It only took a few minutes. Vampires work fast. There was a low, nagging fear in the back of Dean’s mind that Jenny wouldn’t stop, that she’d just bleed him dry right then and there. But where he lacked trust for this monster – this thing that defied his often black-and-white worldview with her claws and her sympathy – there was a trust in the circumstance. It was a temporary alliance forged in a shared fear and loathing for the same thing that haunted them, and was preying on kids.
.” Dylan waved his hand in front of his brother’s face. After a moment, Tommy looked up at his little brother, his eyes struggling to focus. “Where does Nana live?”
She shoved his head into the concrete. Dean’s vision swam. His head ached and his lungs burned, and the ringing in his ears started to sound a lot like radio static. He could feel his hand in his pocket, could feel the cool metal of something he was reaching for – something he couldn’t quite remember now.
maneuver when he’d realized he was about to crash. Of course he’d break something on his first time in the air – he knew he just wasn’t meant to fly.
A knowledge that all those lured into that cursed place were already, irrevocably, lost.
Dean wished he had a book to throw at Sam’s head. He opened his mouth to reply, but Cas beat him to it.
Jenny paused for a moment. “I heard a voice, but I don’t think it was the same one you heard.”
“Dean.” Cas stiffened in Dean’s grip. There was a shuffling, a small sound echoing hundreds of times over, bouncing off the cavernous walls of the warehouse and rolling into something much louder. Cas took an instinctive step back, throwing a protective arm in front of Dean’s chest.
Cas melted into him, dozing as Dean stroked his head and watched the sky turn pink and orange with the sunset.
“You’re not broken, Cas!” He gasped as he ran. “The ‘crack in your chassis’ … it isn’t damage. It’s … It’s kintsugi, man.” Dean wove through the macabre maze of himself, searching,
flying.”
“Happy trails, Hans,” Dean quipped. He flung his wings up around Cas, the sharp feathers slicing through some of the Empty’s vines. It shrieked in fury, and just as it shot its thousands of lethal spikes forward, Dean smacked his bloodied hand against the angel banishing sigil he’d carved into his own chest.
split through the air. Every light bulb in the library flickered and buzzed as Dean’s wings snapped into their dimension, knocking books off the shelves and scattering Sam’s piles of notes across the tables.
Jenny murmured something Dean didn’t quite hear.
He felt blood dripping down the back of his hand.
“Well, go on then.”
Dean glanced over to Cas, still standing stock-still as the Empty approached him draped in its illusion of Jimmy. He hid behind one of the frozen bodies and shouted.
Jenny just narrowed her eyes at him, contemplating the distance between the two of them and wondering if it was worth the pain in her knee to get into another fight.
Bobby just smiled at him fondly, the warmth of it crinkling in the corners of his eyes. If Dean didn’t know any better, he’d think the man looked damn proud.
“The Empty,” Sam breathed.
“I thought you said you weren’t gonna ‘let me die,’” Dean said. “Besides. I already won the ‘be Death for a day’ raffle prize once. I’ll pass.”
The air around it fuzzed in tune with the static they heard. Not-Cas halted in the weak pools of light given off by the Impala’s headlights. The static grew louder, and louder, Jenny breaking her ties and clamping her hands over her ears and whimpering, Dean revving the Impala’s engine in panic. But it was no use, Baby wouldn’t move, her tires screeched in a futile spin in the thickening glaze that now churned like deep sludge onto the pavement. Smoke rose from her tires, and the smell of burning rubber mingled with the stench of the Thing’s putrid rot.
As Cas.
Sam whirled around, throwing his cast iron pan up like a sword and pointed it just inches from Dean’s face.
, that the pull of that soul still burning bright would awaken him once more.
By September, as the heavy humid summer nights slipped into the crisp cool air of fall, they’d finished their first hunt in a long time. It had been weeks since the hunter network Sam and Eileen were running had put out a bulletin nearby. Dean found he wasn’t seeking out hunts anymore, but if one came their way, they grabbed it.
A stupid grin broke across Dean’s face and he shook his head. “Not for you.”
“Answer me,” Sam tried to sound menacing, but the way he shifted his weight gave away his nerves.
Sam just pressed his hands against his face.
“Don’t,” he said, closing his eyes and taking a deep breath to ground himself. “We’re gonna end this. And then you’re gonna get me that pie you promised, alright?”
“Huh,” Sam puzzled over the sheets of paper and notebooks that were spilling out of the compartment. “That means it’s manifesting to multiple senses.” He chewed absently on the back of his pen, a habit that irked Dean, but now didn’t seem like the time to berate him about it. “Is it a physical presence, or like a ghost? Like, is it solid?”
The impossibly wide grin fell from the thing’s face, its jaw falling slack, and its eyes snapped open.
“It’s
“Cas, listen to me,” Dean said, concern lacing his voice with an urgency he hoped would reach Cas. “We have to move,
the fuck?” He shouted, eyes wide and gripping the bookshelf to steady himself. “What the fuck, Dean, what the—“
Dean just smiled and let out a laugh. “Trust me, kid. He’s still my ‘little’ brother no matter how tall he gets. But it’s still my job to protect him, just like it’s your job to protect your little brother too.”
“Oh,” Jack looked crestfallen.
He paused for a moment, scribbling the pen in the corner to draw out the last few drops of ink.
“How?”
“Is that—?”
Dean shrugged. Sam went back to his notes.
“No, wait,” Sam said, rifling through the papers he’d pulled out of the dash. Among those were some more recent notes he’d taken when Cas had first told them about the Empty. “There is a way to summon it. Cas never told us how, but—“
“My grace is waning,” he said matter-of-factly, eyes still closed. “I’m still an angel, but I seem to have human needs. Not unlike you.”
“C’mon,” Dean said, helping Cas to a stand. “We gotta bolt. You wouldn’t happen to conjure up a memory of a big emergency exit door or—“
“You still never told me what happened back there. What happened with Cas.”
Dean heard a gut-wrenching
“Dean, you practically shouted his name in your sleep.”
“You’re not alone,” Dean stressed. “You have Jody and the girls, you have other universe Bobby and Charlie and all of those hunters
“A pie festival does,” Sam blurted out before Dean could stop him again.
Dean finally lifted his head, squinting as Jenny came into focus. She was leaning against one of the pillars in the barn, keeping the weight off of her broken kneecap.
“It doesn’t have to feel heavy, Dean. You can be afforded the luxury of lighter emotions.”
get it. Dean was ready to open his eyes, to sit up and yell at whoever wasn’t letting him sleep, except—he couldn’t. Dean couldn’t move, couldn’t blink, couldn’t breathe. He was paralyzed where he lay bruised on that dusty, goddamn barn floor.
” Dean barely recognized his own voice, as the name ripped from his chest with a sob sown with desperation. “Cas, are you in there?”
“I remember you ruining my life!” Her voice grew unstable as she rammed Dean’s skull into the floor again.
Dean didn’t get a chance to even shoot Sam a look that would shut him up. The Thing snapped its head around to stare directly at Sam – with the gaping, weeping holes in its face that should’ve been eyes – the disjointed and splintered bones of its neck cracking with the sheer force of the movement.
“There’s one here for you too, if you want it.”
“About … about what you thought you couldn’t have,” Dean said, the words heavy in his chest.
” he said, with force.
“I swear to God,” Dean threatened, but the Empty didn’t let him finish.
“What are you—“ Sam started.
The third shot missed, burying itself into the wooden pillar next to another vamp’s waist -- but two out of three ain't bad. Dean raised his pistol up to his mouth, winked, and blew the tip of the barrel in a kind of wanton challenge.
it was. Tears of frustration and despondence stung Castiel’s eyes. This soul’s sadness was an
Dean shut his eyes to stop himself from spinning out. When he spoke, it was flat and devoid of feeling, thanks to years of choking down fear and guilt and any other emotion his Dad had damn near beat out of him.
!” Jimmy snapped, stalking forward.
Cas quieted him with a kiss. “We can check in tomorrow,” he murmured, before pulling away.
. Like…”
But lucky for them, the city had started to convert a lot of them into usable things again, from art galleries to eclectic apartments. That left them with just a few places that were truly abandoned. There were a handful of old factories, but those were all surrounded by urban sprawl. Not secluded enough. A little further out was an abandoned auto plant, but Sam pointed out it seemed too big and open on the inside for a nest of monsters to feel hidden enough.
“Stay,” came the half-asleep grumble in return.
Dean didn’t fight him on that. It didn’t feel right to reward himself while two kids were still missing. And honestly, Dean hadn’t wanted to break away from the case. He’d been burying himself in it, focusing only on the task at hand, and it was a welcome reprieve from all the intrusive thoughts that flooded in during downtime.
Dean finally met Sam’s eyes, fixing a glare in his direction.
The Empty laid its thumb under Dean’s chin and tilted his head up, forcing Dean to look at it. He felt the burning of blisters blooming beneath his jaw. Dean narrowed his eyes, a tear streaming down his cheek, propelled both by fury and the fire in his lungs.
whisper, sent new strength surging into his body, sharpening his thoughts, reigniting his soul.
He took a sip, sitting sentinel at the gate toward a dark and torturous unknown. And for the first time in what felt like an eternity, he felt purpose again. He felt hope.
“Mimes,” Dean’s face lit up and he spread out his hands. “
This soul, despite its jagged cracks, was still the most beautiful thing he’d ever seen. And its hopelessness tore at his heart with claws serrated with empty promises and shattered reverie.
He heard the slow, climbing cacophonous static rising between the gnarled trees, growing louder and louder like someone had cranked a dead signal up to 10 – and this time, he knew it wasn’t the wind.
(See the end of the chapter for
Every joint ached and creaked in protest as he awkwardly tried to stretch within the confines of the Impala’s passenger seat. He didn’t even realize he’d zonked out like that – he’d only been faking sleep to prevent Sam from trying to make “meaningful brother bonding” conversation.
He flicked his wings forward, and the gust of wind from even that slight movement nearly knocked Bobby on his ass from where he stood on the steps. The wings felt powerful.
Meat was meat.
She let go of his hand, and the next thing Dean knew, Jenny was gone. He’d looked away only for a moment, and felt a soft brush of air as she bolted out of that barn despite her wounded knee. Her sudden exit carried a familiarity with it that panged in Dean’s heart.
“That’s cool!” Dylan said. It made enough sense to him, to this little kid who’d just seen more murder and violence and blood than any kid should ever see in their lifetime. But this boy was too young to ever know the monsters under the bed weren’t
Dean tuned in and out as they chatted about the ethical quandaries and challenges Jack faced. He marveled in how much Jack had grown up, but was also struck with sadness as to how fast he’d been forced to. Dean sat quietly, giving only a few nods of acknowledgement as he nursed a much nicer beer than Bobby had offered him at the celestial Roadhouse. It was a last-second decision to purchase a nicer brew – he deserved it, after all.
, boy?” Bobby dropped his empty bottle back into the cooler and sifted a new one out of the ice. “I’m Death now,” he said as he cracked open the beer with his scythe again. “This shit ain’t just a fancy bottle opener, y’know.”
acceptance.”
His bones – the ones he didn’t even know if he still had – ached with weariness. He didn’t know how many times he had drifted into consciousness, slowly regaining awareness of who he was and where, only to collide with the most beautiful glowing light he’d ever seen.
Sam looked relieved. And then immediately concerned.
Dean drove them out of the city, finding a quiet and more secluded spot to stretch his wings. In an instant, they were in Canada, and Dean had to admit that skirting federal border agents felt a little more thrilling than he’d anticipated.
“Than what?”
He felt safe.
This was the life he’d always thought he’d wanted, but it was hollow without Sam. Without Cas, as fledgling as their relationship had been back then, it felt empty.
“Oh,” Cas said. He paused for a moment to think, his fingers stilling on Dean’s bicep. “Freedom.”
“This is fucking crazy,” he breathed. He ran a hand through his hair. “And I fucking
By August, they’d made their way over to Niagara Falls, taking the scenic route on a trip to go visit Garth, Bess and the kids in Wisconsin. It was about time Castiel met his namesake. Dean couldn’t wait to see how much they’d grown.
No, not Cas. Something
face.
“Cas—“ Dean warned, his eyes widening, as one of his own corpses had staggered to a stand and was reaching for Cas. He felt Cas’s arm stiffen, his hand curling into a fist, and— “Cas,
Well, almost. Dean swayed, unsteady and woozy on his feet. In this moment, his resolve was stronger than his body.
meant a lot of sleepless nights in the library.
triggered a higher instinct he had yet to fully grasp. And with an ear-splitting
Dean could feel the sting of a tear at the back of his eyes as he was dragged down into his own darkness. His lungs burned, screaming for air. He scrabbled at the hand on his mouth, sinking his nails into the flesh and –
“Dark, like yours. But more so,” Cas said, his voice distant and edged with a kind of bittersweet mourning. “In Heaven’s light, they shimmered with colors you cannot perceive.” He reached up and ran the pads of his fingers lightly down the inside of Dean’s forearm, where his angel blade would manifest. “They looked a lot like your blade, actually. Almost exactly.”
Finally,
Cas squinted and watched Dean carefully from the corner of his eye, his gaze falling to the oil-black blade in Dean’s grasp before dragging slowly back up to Dean’s face. In that moment, Dean felt – oddly – laid bare.
The older boy looked shell-shocked. It was his younger brother who actually moved first. The younger kid practically flung himself toward the machete, grabbed his older brother’s arm, and dragged him forward. The older boy followed his lead. The pair squeezed through the small gap in the back door and vanished into the night.
They posed as a couple of Suits, flashed a badge, got the cops to tell them everything they needed to know about the investigation without question. This was one of the few parts of the job that got easier with age – they were questioned a lot more a decade ago, with Sam’s baby-face and Dean’s voice hitting at a few octaves higher.
Bobby just looked at the vial, then to Dean, and back again. A fondness spread across his face, and he chuckled as he pieced together what exactly Dean had been wearing around his neck for God knows how long. He should’ve known. He
He couldn’t hear, couldn’t think, and the next few movements didn’t quite feel like they were entirely his own.
“You really think I’mma just
Dean cleared his throat as he folded his wings in carefully. He shot Cas a hard look to say ‘
Dean lifted his hand to cup Cas’s face, his eyes searching Cas’s for an answer. He flipped through the page of new emotions he’d been compiling in his head, but there was still so much unwritten.
Come yell at me on tumblr in the meantime! @withclawsandsympathy
Every inch of the place made uneasiness settle deep into Dean’s bones.
“I’m Hawkman,” Dean grinned.
The scars of this land bore all the hallmarks of what a farm shouldn’t be. Of one that ended more life than it grew; of one that spilled more blood into the ground than it did water, and sowed its fields with gristle and bone.
Castiel refused to recoil from where the needle-sharp barbs of the vines hooked and ripped into the flesh of his hands. The darkness of the Empty swelled around him and reveled in the spilling of blood and desperation and grief, feeding off of Castiel’s pain like a swarm of starving mosquitoes in the summertime.
Dean tucked the grace back down beneath his shirt with hands that now shook with anticipation, a cautious excitement, and raw fear.
Dean sprang up and turned to the door of the motel room, which was stained black with mold. It was only then he realized the whole room reeked of decay. The picture frames hung slack and crooked on the walls, the glass spider-webbed with cracks, and there were entire clusters of mushrooms growing out of puddles in the sunken carpet. Dark, black tendrils of fungus crawled up the wallpaper, burying themselves deep into the very bones of the building. Mold had claimed every bit of this room as its own.
Dean squinted at Bobby with suspicion before turning to glance over his shoulder. What he saw nearly made him leap out of his skin. Dean jerked sideways, startled, before realizing the giant dark mass of feathers was attached to him. Dean’s surprise rippled through the feathers, which puffed up in response.
And really, despite the uneventful night proving his nightmare was nothing more than a harmless dream, this motel room made every hair on the back of his neck stand on end.
Dean didn’t even flinch. “Not a demon.”
“I thought you didn’t need sleep, anyway,” he said instead.
“It surprised us. Popped up a
Dean just stared down at his body, numb.
Dean knew that tone. He’d heard it a thousand times before on a thousand different hunts. It carried a very “Poughkeepsie” vibe.
The slow, building static that masked itself in the background of the stereo, as the rising breeze rustling the final autumn leaves in the trees, within the folds of true silence. The static now muffled by the idling engine of the Impala until it was too late to run.
Castiel’s eyes snapped open. The soul he cradled that was brimming with light and a steely resolve to do right by a world that never would do right by it, now flickered and faded in his grasp. Thick, dark tendrils of shadowy briar slowly unfurled and reached their gnarled vines like clasping hands around the light, intent on snuffing out this stubborn match of a soul.
, his disjointed thoughts offered as they scrambled to make sense of the world around him. That was odd, he wondered. He wasn’t expecting anyone.
“No, get up,” Dean said, swatting Cas’s shoulder. “I am not sleeping through breakfast, I haven’t had eggs ‘n’ bacon in— well. I don’t know how long.” A few days, tops. Right?
“Be glad you couldn’t see that,” Dean said numbly. He was still struggling to process the atrocity he’d just witnessed. He wasn’t sure if he’d ever be able to. He’d seen a lot of messed up shit as a hunter, but that …
Until it was.
There was no way he was in love with Cas, was there?
. “I—“
Now, he was finally heeding the warning.
The feeling that clenched his gut looking out at the endless rows of his own corpses wasn’t fear. It was anger. Anger that someone had even forged this memory in Cas’s head. That it was one that pained Cas the most.
Silence fell over the Impala. Sam had long since turned off the stereo, and the only sound around them was the engine’s ever-familiar rumble as they sped down the darkened highway. It was a long moment before either of them spoke again.
“I love you,” Dean murmured after him.
It was the same gun he’d carried for at least a decade, always keeping him and Sam safe on their hunts. And yet, the second he’d turned it onto his brother, it backfired – and destroyed itself instead. Dean dropped to his knees next to the wreckage of his gun and clutched his shredded hand to his chest.
them. Not like this.
him.”
“It’s because of you that Dean was able to save me at all,” Cas said.
The static around Dean – the one he’d mistaken for a harmless breeze rustling in the trees – started to form whispers of encouragement in a cacophony of clashing languages he didn’t know, yet still understood. They spoke them in a thousand stolen tongues, with words swollen with betrayal and loss. And yet, every single one of them was urging him to pull the trigger.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah, uh—“ Dean started.
Because it was something he thought he could never have: Dean. Requited love.
Dean couldn’t answer.
hint: it's not mimes
It was a sound Dean never thought he’d get a chance to hear.
He swung open the door and almost tripped over a scruffy yellow dog that’d been curled up right outside.
“Mm. Maybe,” she mused. “Normally we stalk a family, find one with just one kid. Minimal damage. We only
Dean’s world snapped back into focus. The whisper,
Cas just deepened his pout.
“What are you—?”
But no. Cas had stubbornly refused to follow the Way Things Were Meant To Be, something Dean had seen him do time and time again. He should’ve seen this coming, too. But he never expected it to be like
sooner than anyone here expected, right after the blip when everyone vanished and then sorta came back?” Jenny said, uncertainty tipping the edges of her voice. Sam and Dean exchanged a glance.
. You have to talk to me. You can’t keep hiding this stuff!” Sam pushed his hair back from his face in exasperation. “Unbelievable, dude.”
Dean hadn’t really considered that to be the dog’s name, it was just a term of endearment he’d thrown around until it stuck. But he had a history of doing that – the same thing happened with Baby.
