“In other words,” Cas concluded, “I would like to date you.”
“Shit, Sammy,” Dean said weakly.  “Are you crying?”
When all of it was over, Cas showed up at Dean’s door looking exhausted. Still, he smiled at Dean and pressed a warm hand to Dean’s shoulder in greeting as he passed through the doorway.
It was the most Cas could hope for, and he was looking forward to it.
Dean straightened up and put a hand on her shoulder.  “I mean it, lady.  Stop.  Cas and I fought, and yeah, it started because you were upset - but… really, it would have happened eventually.  I would have done something else stupid, and he would have...he would have had enough.”
Dean got up very suddenly from the couch and started pacing.  “I just mean instead of me leaving and you staying or the other way around or something - we could just
Dean did not say goodbye to Cas or Daphne, but neither did he say goodbye to his brother and sister-in-law, so he figured Cas would understand.  Aaron, however, insisted on saying goodbye, presumably to Charlie, so Dean went outside to start the car.  He programmed his GPS to Aaron’s place.  Seeing Aaron’s address stored in his phone already, however, had Dean beginning to feel a little bit cramped.
Dean didn’t bother asking what Sam was talking about. “He doesn’t need that on his plate right now.”
Dean’s head sinks slowly into his hands.  “Thanks,” he mumbles to his lap.
“Well, alright,” Dean said, not bothering to hide a long sigh.  “Guess I’m gonna have to hang out with Sammy.  Good luck, though.”
Dean sighed, and his warm breath skated across Cas’s collar.
“You gotta relax, buddy.  Find some way to let off steam.  Get laid, maybe?”
Cas’s breath was still shallow.  He nodded jerkily, his face still burrowed in Dean’s neck.
Dean lifted a hand in frustration. “Dude, it’s a fever, not fucking pneumonia.”
Dean shucked off his coat.  “Is it really living if I’m drinking grape juice?”
He didn’t.
Cas suddenly realizes how much he’s missed sitting in the passenger seat of Dean’s car.  The trips they’ve taken recently have only been fraught with worry and tension, and Cas desperately wants to correct that. “If you’ll have me,” he replies.
“How was it? Did it change your mind?”
Cas rolled his eyes.  He served himself and began eating, thankful that he had something to do other than think about the way Dean’s leg was leaning against his underneath the table and how it had to be deliberate.
The cold was getting to him. He grit his teeth against a shiver.
“But it isn’t a big deal,” Dean said.  He felt his arguments crumbling.
Cas stares at the back of Dean’s head, trying to figure out the reason behind his behavior.  Then it hits him.  “But before that you have three weeks stuck in your apartment.”
Cas looked up from his phone, seeming to come out of a trance. He looked around at the other restaurant patrons as he straightened in his seat. “Sorry,” he said. “I was just reading something rather engrossing.”
Cas is still sitting at the table where Dean left him, despite many minutes having passed.  He’s staring at the wood grain of their tiny dining table, but when he hears the padding of Dean’s feet, he looks up.  His eyes are wary but sharp.
“Okay,” Dean said, settling on his couch and groping for the TV remote.  “You, uh - wanna tell me why you’re so quiet?”
There was a knock on Cas’s open door.  Cas, sitting in a gown in the hospital bed, looked up.  Special Agent Dean Winchester hovered at the threshold, unsure.  He was holding a bag in his hands.
“You’re welcome,” Cas says.  In the place of his earlier grin is something softer, the kind of smile Dean wants to wake up to.
Cas was squinting at him.  “I take it you are
Cas frowned at Dean. “What’s going on?”
After that, it was easy enough to fall into a routine. Their schedules allowed them to make time for each other easily, so before Dean knew it, only a few months after meeting Cas in that bookstore, they were seeing each other at least once a week - sometimes for lunch, sometimes for dinner, and sometimes just because.
“For just because,” Dean mumbled. He wasn’t looking at Cas. “I mean, you’re here half the time anyway.”
Cas shook his head.  “I know you accept me, Dean.  I was - I’m just tired of a world that makes sex out to be the be-all, end-all of relationships.  That’s not my world.  I was just frustrated and tired and a little… a little lonely.”
Cas started tugging on Dean’s apron strings to undo the knot. He leaned in close to Dean’s ear to say, “You realize my name doesn’t magically change when I say ‘I do,’” right?”
Cas kissed him again. “Please don’t do that.”
Cas didn’t bother arguing.  He was too busy smiling, too busy soaking in the anticipation of what was going to happen next, too busy trying to memorize the way Dean’s eyes shined in the reflection of the string lights outside, the warmth of Dean’s skin under his palm, the affection in the upturn of Dean’s mouth.
It’s this revelation that makes Cas push himself away from Dean, just a few inches, just enough space to get both of them thinking again. It’s still difficult to think, however, when Dean’s lips are shining and the breaths he’s taking are still harsh and loud against the silence of a house in winter.
Dean said immediately.
Cas swallowed; Dean heard it.  He waited.
XV. 	Retirement suited Bobby.  When it finally came, a few years down the road, neither Dean nor Cas heard a peep out of him for a few months.  When he finally did come around to visit them, they found he’d grown a little rounder and a little redder and a lot more ready to laugh.  It wasn’t laughter he responded with, however, when they asked him to be a groomsman at their wedding; it was with a red nose and a sniffle and a mumble that sort of sounded like, “Of course, you idiots.”
He spent the rest of the ride wondering how to bring up his suspicions without offending Aaron.  By the time he pulled up in front of Aaron’s apartment, however, mortification had sealed his lips shut.
Cas’s eyebrows rose. “I see why you’re so well-read, then,” he said. “What kind of books do you work with?”
“Nope.  Not ready to talk to you.”  He opened the door.
He arrived with Charlie and Aaron in tow.  He’d called ahead to let Mary know, but even so, when she opened her front door, her smile was a little brittle.  She liked Charlie enough, but she’d heard enough about Aaron from Cas to be a little defensive.  “Come in,” she said.  “We have… more guests than usual this month.  It’ll be… great.”
“Well, hopefully it doesn’t just happen on Christmas, but yeah.”
“Sam’ll find his own way home; he hated the drive there anyway.”
Dean was looking at Cas through his eyelashes. His cheeks were red, and his mouth lifted in an unsteady smile. “Cas, I’m hungover and probably dehydrated,” he murmured. “It’s taking a while for things to click.”
It was the way Cas looked at him that made Dean remember what Sam had said a few months before. If Dean was ever going to say something, it had to be right at this moment.
Sometimes work overwhelmed Cas. Whenever it did, he’d arrive at Dean’s apartment and silently seat himself at Dean’s dining table. He’d put his head in his hands and shake his head when Dean asked him any questions.
he eventually messaged back, though his thumbs felt like they were made of cast-iron.
Dean sat up.  He touched Cas’s face, looked down to where the flush was almost down to Cas’s navel.  He was in love with Cas.  And he was going to marry Cas, if Cas said yes.  “Cas, will you marry me?”
Dean cleared his throat. The man looked at him curiously, and Dean took the opening. Unfortunately, he opened with “Nice day, isn’t it?”
ness of the answer - that lifts the weight off Dean’s chest.  Now it’s just Cas’s hand on his chest, and it’s touching him, and it’s grounding him, and even in his wildest dreams Dean never thought he’d feel Cas’s hands on him quite like this.  He lifts his own hand and curves it around Cas’s jaw.  He can feel Cas’s smile underneath his palm.  To see it this up close is a privilege.
“Didn’t Jody tell you to behave?” Dean demanded.
The implications were obvious, and Cas was sure his cheeks turned bright pink, but luckily Sam was too busy staring awkwardly at the side wall to notice. “I see,” Cas said, just to fill the silence.
“It’s Christmas!” Dean said as soon as Cas picked up.  “You gonna wish me Merry Christmas?”
“Have you read Tolstoy?”
This was more painful than Cas had ever imagined, but saying yes would make the pain even more acute in the future, because there was just no future for them. “I like you too,” Cas said, because Dean deserved that truth at least, “But I don’t think it will work.”
“Buying a house ‘for the future’ is indication enough, dude,” Dean said, but he was smiling, his forehead against Cas’s. The hand on Cas’s ribs was expansive and comforting. “By the way, I’ll take you up on that offer.”
“You’ll be spending much more time in my house than she will,” Cas said, “So her opinion doesn’t count. Also, be careful or I might mistake that tone for jealousy.”
“There’s a few options.  I might take a look at one of them later on today.”
Dean just shrugs and turns away.
The details of that night were still fuzzy to Dean, but he definitely remembered thinking about Emma Watson.  “Oh, yeah.”
Dean plucked another ornament from the box. He hung it up. Then he hung up another. And another. Cas did the same on the other side of the tree. In a lot of ways, the way they kept hanging ornaments was worse than the moments immediately following Dean’s unfortunate comment, because at least when they were staring in horrified silence at each other they were in some way acknowledging Dean’s words. This busy silence was different; it was, to Dean, an indication that they’d bury the moment in the back garden and never speak of it again, though the horrifying truth would always be in the back of their minds.
“...Merry Christmas, Cas.”
too.  And Dean was learning it wasn’t true.  Cas had gone away just to get away from Dean.
But then he heard a cupboard opening. Water from the tap. A burner clicking on.
“Have you let him in yet?”
Gilda blinked a few times, like she was trying to puzzle out his meaning.
What was next on the script?
“She had to leave,” Cas said quickly, almost like he’d been waiting to defend her, or almost like he’d been repeating it himself the whole night.  “She didn’t mean to.”
A long, tense silence followed.  “What if - what if I don’t want you to?”
Dean paused. His grin grew slowly. He stepped even closer, though Cas hadn’t thought it possible. “You like me in an apron?” Dean asked, suppressing a laugh.
“No,” Cas said, standing up and taking Dean’s plate.  “You’ll see.”
Cas smiled.  “Will you not hog the covers this time?”
Dean snorted. His elbow brushed Cas’s. “So where’s Miss Fancy Pants? I’m sure she has an opinion.”
Cas nudged Dean’s knee with his own.  There was something in his throat that was making words difficult.  Softly, he managed to say, “Not if your bravery is rewarded.”
“I have a home here,” Cas said.  He wasn’t looking Dean in the eye.  He kept rearranging the stacks of paper.  “I missed it.”
Charlie was every bit as sweet as Eileen said she was.  She was sweet and sincere and smart as a whip, and now that Sammy was all grown up and had Eileen to protect him, it felt right to fill that gap with the nerdy, cheerful Charlie.  And just like he’d helped Sammy and Eileen, Dean was ready to help Charlie.
Then just as suddenly his brain is back online and all Dean sees is the memory of the tilt of Cas’s chin, the proximity of Cas’s lips, the feverish warmth of his skin as he neared Dean.  The breath leaves Dean’s lungs all at once.
That got Dean to eventually stagger to his feet. His clothes reeked, so he was glad to leave them in a pile on the floor as he stepped into the shower. He ran the water and slowly, painstakingly, scrubbed himself of the stench of the bar they’d been in, washing it out of his hair and from under his arms.
“You’re the agent and I’m the felon?  Yeah, I know - you’ve only mentioned it twice today and three times every day since I’ve come back.”
Eventually, slowly, he gets up.  His limbs are heavy but he breathes through the task.  When he’s on his feet, he stares at his hands, blurring at the edges and fighting to fall back to his sides.  He clenches and unclenches them to ground himself.
Dean was thrilled -
Dean tore his eyes away from his best friend’s arms and looked back at the ceiling again.  He didn’t want to sit up.  He felt a confrontation coming and he wanted to stay cool.  “People who need help don’t ask for help, dude.  Take you, for example.”
Cas found Dean in the living room, staring at the fireplace. “What do you think?” he asked, once he was standing shoulder to shoulder with Dean to examine the hearth. “Too big? Too small?”
The first time they go grocery-shopping during the stay-at-home order, they go together, and only because neither wanted the other one to go, but neither could no one go, and so their stubbornness resulted in this:
“C’mon, man,” Dean mumbled, “You know we’re not big on Christmas.”  His voice was heavy and slow with the after-dinner fog he’d eaten himself into.  “Probably just gonna grab some dinner or something.  Ugh.  Still gotta get him a present, though.”
It hit Dean all at once. Cas was his. Jack was his. Everything he’d ever wanted in this world was his. He kissed Cas properly this time.
“I don’t understand it,” he said one day, putting his phone face down on Dean’s dining table, and looking at Dean, distraught. “It’s a horrible show. The writing is poor, characterization inconsistent - but I can’t stop browsing through Twitter for news.”
Oh. “You’re such a dumbass,” Dean said on a laugh, before reaching forward with his free hand to pull Cas into a kiss.
Dean chuckled imagining the look on Aaron’s face.  “Y’know, you could have told him where it was actually from.”
Dean messaged Cas two weeks later and made plans for lunch.
Dean looked again at the papers he was clutching. “I know what the numbers said, Cas, but these numbers are real. And they’re
Cas made a distracted noise. Dean heard the clicking of a retractable pen.
Cas didn’t bother feigning ignorance.  “Haven’t decided yet.”
“Cas,” Dean stutters.
He dreams for a day he and Cas share a kitchen that belongs to both of them, in a house that they paid for, not as roommates but as something infinitely more lasting.  He dreams for breakfast and lunch and every casual touch in between.  He even dreams for more clogged sinks and creaky cabinets, if only because Cas wanting it fixed would mean he wants to stick around.
” she shrieked.  She sounded legitimately terrified.  “
“How’s Charlie?” Dean asked, watching Aaron’s face.
and walked toward the back of the house through a side path lined with stepping stones.
Cas pressed his palms into his eyes and swallowed thickly. “You’ve been lying to me,” he said. His voice shook, but it was fierce. Angry.
, then yes, Dean, we’re going to do that again
When they’re done Cas nods his approval at his reflection, turning his head left and right. “Who needs a barber when you have Dean Winchester?”
Cas was silent for a beat, then another. Eventually he said, “I don’t know where you keep the honey,” which was answer enough.
“Anyhow,” he continued.  “Good news.”
Cas snorted.  “I don’t know how that tradition will work out when we’re 70.  Maybe we can come up with a few back-up plans.”
“Okay.  Uh.  I think there may have been a misunderstanding somewhere along the line here.”
“Since when have I been nice?”
“But at the same time you challenge me,” Cas continues, still chewing, “in the best ways possible.  It wouldn’t be a particularly healthy relationship if we didn’t make each other better, after all.”
Dean’s jaw dropped. “I’m not giving anyone a hard time - “
Cas sat immobile at his desk for a few seconds. Then, arrested by a sudden need to be alone, he got up, shut the door, and put his face in his hands. He stayed like that for many minutes, palms flat against his flushed skin. Outside his door, he heard his colleagues’ footsteps, the occasional murmur and laughs. Inside he could only hear the low drone of the vent above his desk and the soft whir of his computer.
Besides the spare bedroom. Dean was never going to touch that spare bedroom.
And that was it. Their regular friendship was gone just like that - destroyed by
They made it to the toilet just in time. Cas looked away politely while Dean heaved over the bowl, but he kept a palm moving in comforting circles on Dean’s back. It helped, and eventually Dean unloaded a night’s worth of drinking into Cas’s toilet.
“Thanks,” Sam said.  “By the way, tell Dean he’s going to pay for taking the apple pie.”
She held up Dean’s left hand between them. A shiny silver band shone on his ring finger. “Well,
The customers who returned after the first day, however, did so not because of Claire’s social media posts, but for two other reasons: 1) the pastries and 2) the handsome baker with green eyes.
“Wow,” Sam said, sounding vaguely impressed.  “You do a lot of shit that
“No one’s used ‘chillax’ in a decade, Dean,” Claire said, watching the scenery go past. “Also we’re late to your appointment. If there ever was an appointment.”
“That doesn’t mean I’m interested - “
“Not really,” Dean said, still at the door.
This conversation was just making Dean feel worse.  He pulled the covers over his head and closed his eyes.  The answer, Dean knew, was
“I find that difficult to believe,” Gilda said.  She kept smiling like she knew the secrets of the universe.  “You seem to be a very kind person.”
“Where’d you meet her?”
“I take it you didn’t mean it?” It wasn’t quite disappointment that Cas was feeling, but it was a little pinch of hurt right under his ribcage.
“Stop right there,” Dean said, shaking his head, “because that’s not true. Whatever I did, I did because I wanted to. Because I’d do anything for that kid.”
“Always,” Sam said.  “See ya.”
And despite Cas only being a few dozen miles away, distance was not what Dean meant when he thought,
“Shit,” Dean said, recalling the rest of the night.  His migraine throbbed when he laughed bitterly at himself.
Through the door, though, he added, “I’ll check on you in a few minutes.”
Dean motioned to the dance floor in front of them.  “See that?  That’s my brother and his gorgeous new wife.”
Dean’s instinct was to laugh it off, but he stifled it, letting Cas have his moment of sincerity even if it made Dean’s skin itch with embarrassment.
A silence falls between them, though meanwhile the governor has finally made his way onto the TV screen.  “
An inkling of a suspicion started tapping at the inside of Dean’s skull.  Carefully, he said, “I dunno; I like her.”
They stared for a long moment, then another, then another. Dread, mortification, shame - it all formed a horrible lump in Dean’s throat, and the longer Cas just stared at him, the harder it got to breathe.
Dean stared for so long that Cas thought he might never find out the rest of what happened.  Finally, though, Dean moved a little closer on the bed and began again, speaking a little more quietly.  “I had to sell it hard for two years.  Bobby wanted me to stick with it longer, really build my rep as a guy willing to do anything for the right price, but two years away from my life, pretending to be a traitor, knowing you and Sammy hated me… I couldn’t do it any longer than that.  I convinced him to move forward with the plan.
“Good night, Dean.”
“I think you wanted to prove to me that you were good at matchmaking.”
They go through bacon at an alarming rate, and one day when they run out Dean sulks the whole day.
“You don’t care...about sex,” Cas said, watching Dean’s expression carefully. “Is that what you’re saying?”
Wordlessly, Dean walked to the bed and climbed in, leaning his back against the pillow braced against the headboard and staring at the space between his knee and Cas’s.
When they rounded the corner, they found Sam measuring out dog food into a bowl.  Eileen joined him to pick up Willow where the puppy had been sitting patiently.
He met up with Charlie a few days later at a local Applebee’s.  Despite heavily hinting to her that she’d be meeting one of his “good friends,” she was dressed in her usual jeans, sneakers, and nerdy T-Shirt.  This particular one read, “What Would Buffy Do?” and had a picture of Sarah Michelle Gellar with her hair in a ponytail.
if this changes things,” Cas said quickly, almost laced with desperation.  His eyes were almost overflowing.  “But I needed to tell you; I just couldn’t take it another second, Dean.  I’m sorry.”
Cas’s heart is in his throat. He opens his mouth to speak, and Dean’s thumb follows his bottom lip. He forgets his words.
Dean snorted. “I’ll probably still be up at dawn with my luck.”
Cas could feel Dean’s gaze on his profile, but he fixed his eyes in front of him, where a fire might burn in just a few short weeks if everything went according to plan. “I will always value your opinion, no matter how wrong it might be.”
“That’s not the definition of kidnapping,” Cas mumbled.
,” Cas said again, and this time he did understand.
Cas got to his feet, heart thundering. He didn’t let go of Dean’s hand. His other hand came up to brace Dean’s elbow. “I don’t want you to have the guest room.” It was absolutely the wrong thing to say, but it was the first thing to come out of his mouth and he couldn’t take it back. He wanted to laugh and cry and scream at the same time.
Dean’s smile felt like concrete: cold and immovable.  “Shop’s been getting busy and all; not much sleep.”
“So what?”
Cas couldn’t quite wrap his head around the fact that he’d kissed Dean and it had made Dean happy.  The concept that Dean returned his feelings was so immense it didn’t seem real.  “Then I think I’m hallucinating as well,” is all he had to say, very unhelpfully.
“It’s important.”
“Don’t care,” Cas said breathlessly, his hands scratching lightly down Dean’s chest, making Dean grunt in surprise.
Dean remembered the way Cas’s voice had faltered earlier before Dean had kissed him.  He made another promise to himself: to never let Cas go one second in doubt of Dean’s feelings.  He smiled and hid his face in Cas’s neck.  Cas smelled like salt - sweat, tears - and his citrus shampoo.  “We can tell them together,” he said against Cas’s collarbone.
Still, by the time Friday rolled around and Dean was scowling at his closet trying to decide what to wear for the semi-fancy “lounge” Aaron had picked out, he had managed to drum up a level of irritation that made even seeing Sammy and Eileen seem like a chore.  If he hadn’t already told Cas he was going, he wouldn’t have bothered to show up.
But Charlie had finally lowered her fist.  She was grinning a little cheekily.  “Emma Watson is a babe, isn’t she?”
Dean stares at his husband, marveling at the audacity.  Finally, he says, “You’re such a jackass,” but diminishes the effect by pulling Cas in roughly by the front of the shirt and kissing him, much to Cas’s delight.
“As good as yours?” Cas asked, not to be flirty, but because he was genuinely curious.
“No, but I’m not stalking girls at weddings and setting them up with my friends.”
to say.”
“I know,” Cas agreed. “But it’s what I needed.”
Cas was in his office responding to emails on Friday morning when someone knocked on his door frame. He looked up and felt his stomach flip.
“You gotta make it worth it,” which was possibly even worse. As soon as it was out of his mouth, Cas wanted to sink into the earth, not least because of the slow, contemplative way Dean looked at him.
It took a few moments for Cas’s words to sink in. Dean’s ears heated at the conclusion Cas had reached, but he’d been given an opportunity to move past the question for the foreseeable future and he was going to take it, assumptions be damned.
Gilda asked for a specialty cocktail.  Dean did not doubt it would turn out to be a primary color.
Dean was tired and buzzed from two thumbs of whiskey. “It was pretty good,” he said, staring at the opposite end of the couch where Cas’s near-constant present had made an indent in the cushion.
“You were smiling into your champagne.  You don’t like champagne.”
Cas’s expression was pure gratitude and affection. “You indulge my moods too often, Dean.”
Cas wants the sounds even closer. He wants Dean’s footsteps in his bedroom, Dean’s murmur from the pillow next to his, Dean’s music from the nightstand while he gets ready for bed. He wants the noises of a lifetime of routine, the noise of a life with Dean in it.
Dean couldn’t stop smiling, and now his hands were around Cas’s jaw, his thumbs on Cas’s cheeks.  “You’re crying.”
“Whoa,” Dean said, grabbing Cas’s wrist. He’d just sat down on the bed. “You’re with me.”
A few hours later, Cas was lucky enough to find out that Dean was indeed a blanket hog.
Even though that dream was sitting across the table from Cas, wearing flannel and staring like Cas had grown two heads.
Dean shook his head.  Laughed.  “No, you wouldn’t.”
Cas presses a kiss to the tender skin under Dean’s eye.  He feels Dean’s amused breath on his chin.  He lingers.  He delivers the next line next to Dean’s ear: “I don’t feel like going to the party.”
Amusement lifted the corner of Cas’s lips. “Forget? No.” He ran a hand down Dean’s arm slowly and looked at Dean with darkening sky eyes. “Forgive? Maybe after you write me more poetry.”
Dean winced. “Well, no, but - “
“You’re working too hard,” Bobby said.  He clicked a tongue.  “Never thought I’d say that.”
Cas looked at him, affronted.
Cas scowled.
“Earlier - did you mean it?”
Cas continued, heart in his throat: “Probably more than you think I do.”
“That supposed to be a criticism or something?” Dean asked, unimpressed. He gestured for Cas to stand up. “Chop chop, buddy.”
“Yeah, well, that’s because I don’t date any of them,“ Dean snapped.
Dean scowled. “Why am I your friend?”
“Too many people pay attention to you, Dean,” Cas said, closing his laptop.  “That’s how you became an arrogant asshole who thinks he can improve other people’s lives when they don’t need it.”
Dean should have been happy to hear this.  But he only closed his eyes and muttered a numb, “Thanks.”  His cheeks were red in mortification; his throat bobbed painfully.
“You don’t even know what I’m about to say.”
“Ya think?” Dean said.  “Charlie trusted me.”
Cas rolled his eyes and went about his work.
Cas drew back at that, soft as sunrise.  He was still smiling.  His eyes were amused.  “Good morning, Dean,” he murmured, affectionate.  He curved a hand around Dean’s cheek gently, and that, of all things, made Dean’s face flush.
Dean let him go and got into bed, marveling at how much had changed over a few hours. When he’d left the bed this morning, he’d thought it’d be the last time.
, like their future involved spending Christmas together and roasting turkey together and making traditions together.  He felt his hands start to shake a little.  He shoved them into oven mitts and shooed Dean away.
“I’m investing in my future,” Cas eventually said diplomatically, ignoring Dean’s intense gaze. He turned to Sam. “Will you please pass me the broccoli, Sam?”
he knew he was going to have to say eventually would be doubly painful for both of them.
They had lunch on Tuesday at a bustling little bistro a few blocks from Cas’s workplace. Cas was a benefits advisor for a local insurance company and had a flexible schedule, so when Dean looked at his watch and saw that they’d been talking for two hours, he didn’t feel the need to cut things short.
As far as Cas was concerned, everything in this house was just as much Dean’s as it was Cas’s.
Dean had avoided looking toward Cas, but he couldn’t avoid it any longer.  When he looked over, Daphne had a pair of tongs too and was standing with Cas at the grill.  She had a hand on his back.  As Dean watched, the hand moved up and down, up and down.  And Cas didn’t move away.
“Are you
He stops only because he hears the phantom of Cas’s voice in his ear.
Dean was satisfied that she was showing some interest.  “He’s pretty cute,” he said, though Aaron wasn’t really his type.  Only a few people could pull of the scruff, and Aaron was not really one of them.  “Scruffy,” he said, watching her reaction.
Dean winced.  “36 hours ago?”
Cas put Willow down.  She started chewing on his thumb.  “Were we still fighting?” Cas said mildly.  The late spring day made Cas’s eyes look so blue.
“Thanks, dude,” he murmurs, almost overwhelmed with affection when Cas starts eating again like he hasn’t just killed Dean’s remaining brain cells.
The plates had been on sale, and knowing he would have Dean as company on Christmas Eve, Cas hadn’t been able to resist.  “Yes.”
Aaron nodded.  He seemed pleased.  “I’ve gotta say, it’s great to meet another one of Dean’s friends.  I only ever met Cas, and he was - Dean, I hope you don’t take offense, but he’s not the easiest to talk to.  Do you - do you two still hang out?”  The last few words were tentative.
Dean’s eyebrows flew up.
“Shut up, Grumpy.  Go to sleep.”
Eventually Dean turned to face Cas. His tone was casual but Cas heard hesitation in each syllable. “Sammy and I never had a fireplace growing up. It was always tiny apartments with heating that never worked half the time. It’s why I’m so damn proud of him, y’know? Got the whole picket fence scene over there with Eileen.”
Eventually Dean pulled into Cas’s neighborhood and idled outside the building. Cas rarely found himself in this position, in the passenger seat of a date’s car, about to end the night, so he found he didn’t know what to say.
“Infinitely,” Cas said, and he really did sound relieved, much to Dean’s irritation.  “Now can I go back to sleep, or do you have any other problems to bring to my attention?”
Cas hadn’t removed his hands from his face; his reply was muffled.  “I don’t know how you’re going to react.”
He waited for Dean to figure it out in the silence: he wanted Christmas this year to be for them and no one else.
Cas had only spoken a few words to him.  He’d asked Dean to pass the relish, then after standing around awkwardly for a few moments with an uneaten hot dog in his hand, wandered back over to where Daphne was lounging on a blanket.  The blanket looked like one from Cas’s apartment, one that he occasionally draped over his bed when the weather got cold and his heat was acting up.  It made Dean a little uncomfortable to see someone else other than Cas on that blanket.
Picking Cas up from the airport was an ordeal, mostly because the relief at seeing Cas in his passenger seat made Dean a little lightheaded in the middle of airport traffic.
“1pm isn’t sleeping in, dude.  That’s like.  That’s - I mean, what, are you gonna just -
“Of course I will, Cas,” Dean said, because the only thing worse than painfully-attractive-Cas was sad Cas.
Cas scowls, but Dean can’t see it behind the mask.  “I’m fine.”
“Fair enough,” Dean said. He gestured to a member of the waitstaff.
was playing on the TV.  “You should come get it.”  All Cas wanted was Dean next to him, and it didn’t seem fair that he wasn’t.
Cas had been too touched to reply at the time, so he kept chopping. He’d blamed his teary eyes on the onions.
“Too late. I have two weeks starting next Thursday.” It gave him two days to help Dean before the opening on Saturday.
There was a moment’s silence as Cas contemplated this. “I agree,” he said eventually. “‘
When Cas looked up again, Dean’s expression was unimpressed. “Is this just a repeat of the conversation we had two weeks ago? Because going on a date with me would be kind of counterintuitive.”
Cas heard Dean step a little closer.  He was by Cas’s feet now.  When Cas removed the hand from his eyes, he saw Dean looking at the table in the corner of the room.  On top of it was Cas’s bloody shirt in an evidence bag.  His face was pale.  “It’s a long story, Cas.”
Dean is half asleep when Cas walks in wearing Dean’s jersey and a pair of sweatpants - then Dean’s suddenly wide-awake and half-hard.
Dean wanted to say
of a position, I meant to say,” Cas said.
Dean straightened up, his decision made. “Alright, movie night’s canceled,” he proclaimed. He patted his pocket for his phone and wallet, then picked up his keys on the table. “Let’s go for a drive.”
At some point Cas presses even closer.  The warmth in Dean’s gut builds to a dangerous simmer.  His hands cling desperately to Cas’s ribcage.
So Cas dragged a chair close and split breakfast with Dean. Dean shuffled the bacon off to Cas, but they shared the eggs off the same plate, hands and forks knocking every so often. Their shoulders brushed every time Dean fidgeted in his seat, and Cas leaned into the contact, wondering if and when Dean was going to call him out on it.
Cas smiled softly. He indulged Dean. “Still, if I should go before you - “
Dean’s relief was short-lived, because none of what Cas said solved the Daphne problem.  But Dean couldn’t say her name, so he nodded instead, then looked away.  He met Charlie’s eye.  She gave him a sympathetic smile.  He wasn’t able to even think about how to respond to the sadness in her face before Cas had his hand on Dean’s arm.
“Is that so?” Dean asked, raising an eyebrow.
The days leading up to the bakery’s opening were a flurry of buying, baking, and frustration. Dean’s recipes had to be tweaked for the new equipment, and it required a lot of testing. Cas, newly freed from his responsibilities at work, became the tester by default.
“Her name’s Charlie, and she’s a - “
Mary frowned.  “That seems so unlike her.  I hope she feels better soon.”
Cas swore to himself at that moment that he’d never make Dean feel like he had to apologize for needing something.
be okay?”
The ball was in the air. Dean attempted a half-hearted swipe at it but he was too busy staring slack-jawed at Cas that he missed entirely. It fell to the floor, bounced twice, then rolled to Cas’s feet. Cas picked it up and squeezed it in his fist by his side.
But such was his life, and it didn’t mean that the conclusions Dean was drawing were untrue. “I don’t get out very often,” Cas said diplomatically. “I’ve heard good things about it, though. I don’t mind trying new things.” If he said it a little defensively, Dean didn’t react.
“It’s because you didn’t say anything to us.”
Charlie had been pulling her arm back for another hit, but she stopped.  “True,” she conceded.  “But come on.  I wasn’t hiding it from you!”
“Both,” Cas breathes, helpless.
“I’m good,” Dean said. He smiled, or at least tried to. “Smells great.”
“Dumbass? Where?”
“Any plans today?” Cas asks eventually.
Cas picked up the sweater (Christmas-themed, very rude) and jeans on the floor and tossed it into the basket in the corner. “With Ellen behind the bar, you should have been more careful.”
“Don’t do that,” Dean said immediately.  “Stop sighing.  It’s never - it’s never a good thing when you do that.”
Dean was next to Cas, depositing fresh donuts in the display. He straightened when he heard the question. The smile on his face was pleasant but brittle. “He’s as good as one,” he said before Cas even had a chance to open his mouth. “Have a good day, ladies.”
Dean pulled one of his knees up and wrapped his arms around it. He gave up his attempts at a smile for a long, deep sigh. “It’s not goodbye, dude,” he said, in a tone that implied that it was
Cas kept going, a snowball gaining momentum, cold and dangerous.  The words were ice on the tip of his tongue.  “You’ve probably wondered why I haven’t asked why you did what you did.”
That it will come again.
Cas snorted. “Then prove it.”
Dean was taken aback.  His ears were hot, his eyes damp in mortification.  He tried to respond, but what could he say?  Dean had no defense.
“When was the last time you ate?”
Cas’s sigh was frustrated. “Dean, I would have preferred that. At least that would have been you taking responsibility. Were you even ever going to tell me?”
Dean was looking at the door, but his fingers clenched in Cas’s hand. “You will, Cas.”
“You okay, Sammy?” Dean asked, as Sam cursed quietly and bent down to clean up.
Dean shook his head. “Appreciate it, dude, but I can’t let you do that.”
Dean didn’t realize how much it bothered him until Cas opened his door looking obnoxiously good in a navy blue sweater.
Cas put his fork down.  “I’ve met her half a dozen times.”
“I can do that,” Cas murmured, standing up.
Mary furrowed her brow.  “I don’t think I was listening very much when we were introduced.  It started with a G, I think.  Glinda?  Gladys?  Why?” Mary said, sending a cheeky smile her son’s way.  “She’s cute, isn’t she?”
that was a problem for Dean.  But he knew the answer Cas wanted to hear.  But he’d never been able to lie to Cas, not with any success.  “I don’t know,” he finally admitted.  Then, truthfully, he said, “But I’ll try to be okay with it.  If it happens.”
“Are you enjoying yourself?” Gilda asked, and she finally turned that smile on someone else.  Dean massaged his jaw discreetly.
The first kiss was soft - just a warm, tentative press of the lips - but the second quickly followed, which turned into the third into the fourth into the fifth. In between kisses, catching their breath, studying each other’s faces from up close, Cas saw the disbelief in Dean’s expression, so Cas just kissed him harder, hauling Dean closer by the shirt. It must have worked in convincing him, because the next time Cas pulled away to see Dean’s reaction, it was spit-slick lips and lust-blown eyes.
Dean’s hand had landed tentatively on Cas’s ribs, the touch so soft it almost tickled. The other hand was still on Cas’s face, a warm cradle. “What the hell is happening?” Dean breathed, his gaze dancing over Cas’s face as if he’d find an answer there.
They were so close it took next to nothing for Dean to arch in and kiss him.  He hoped Cas would stay this close forever.  “I’m sorry I made you.”
“Are you seriously saying you saved me from the situation I wouldn’t even have been in if
For now, Dean watches.  He watches because it’s easy and there’s no consequence.  Dream time won’t catch up with him.  Maybe he could pass forever away staring at Cas’s profile, the shadow of his lashes against his cheek, the stubble darkening his chin.  He could never try this in the real world, not when Cas might actually catch him at it.
“If you were curious, I was smiling because life’s good.”  He slid his gaze to Cas to see if he was listening.  “Life’s great, actually.”
The next few houses were a bust, and Dean celebrated when Cas announced in the fall that he was taking a break from his house hunt.
“So you
“No,” Cas said, more loudly than he intended, “I - “ He took a deep breath. “It’s fine.” He took a sip of water, and it helped the dryness of his throat. “It’s fine,” he reiterated, because it really was. It was a joke, and a good one, with maybe a little more innuendo than Cas was expecting, but the only reason Cas had flinched was because maybe, for once, he didn’t want it to be a joke.
It’s not fun, being the only player in the league out of the closet.  His teammates don’t treat him any differently, but Dean sometimes feels like he’s slowly being frozen out.
Cas refilled their glasses once he got to the couch and sat down next to Dean.  One of Cas’s neighbors was blasting Mariah Carey’s “All I Want for Christmas Is You,” and apparently Dean began humming along.
“You busy or something?”
“Sounds suspicious,” Sam said.  He dug his measuring cup into more dog food.
He watched two young people toss a frisbee back and forth between themselves for a few minutes and tried to remember when it was last that he and Cas did something by themselves - just two best friends spending time together.  It must have been at Sam’s wedding, or in Sam’s backyard playing with Willow.  Every interaction after that had been with other people.  With Daphne.  He wondered if he and Cas would ever spend time together again, the way they used to.
Cas paused.
“This place is nice,” she said.  She sounded like she actually believed what she was saying.
Oh, yeah.  “Shit,” Dean said faintly.  “Dammit.  Cas.  I’m sorry.”
It was the Saturday between Christmas and the new year that Cas asked her to close early.
“I am sorry - I did not think - I did not mean to - “ Ernesto was so nervous he was babbling.
“Don’t remind me,” Dean groaned.  “Dumb idea.  If Aaron wanted to spend time with Charlie, he should just
“I know!” he yelled, “I heard, alright!  Stop hitting me!”
“Yeah,” Sam said, sounding wistful.  “Gonna stop by the shelter tomorrow.  Hopefully by the end of the week we’ll be able to take one home.  You and Cas should stop by for dinner.  Maybe we’ll have a little barbeque or something.”
Cas pulled open the top right drawer of his desk and picked up his phone to show Dean a little guiltily. “I had to put my phone away so I wouldn’t spend my whole morning talking to you.” He only recognized the implications after looking up at Dean and seeing a flash of pleased surprise cross his face.
In front of him, Dean’s laptop went to sleep, tired of waiting. The room was dark now, but Dean felt lit up from the inside. “How do you mean?”
Dean was frowning at Cas’s discomfort.  He made a movement to touch Cas on the arm, but he pulled his hand back.  He looked away, embarrassed.  “Apparently betraying the country is the family business,” he explained.  “I couldn’t figure out how, or even if, she was communicating with her contacts.  Then the flowers from her brother started coming, but of course no one ever let the neighborhood felon near them.”
“That’s not - “ Cas was sure there was a speech somewhere in his head, but he cut himself off to step closer, close enough to see Dean’s pupils dilate, figuring maybe that closeness was what would get through to Dean - and it worked, because Dean’s expression changed instantly from exasperation to surprise, then dawning realization.
and Dean was absolutely thrilled to meet her.
Eileen texted later that week that she and Sam were having a small barbeque with their friends and family at their new place.  She invited Dean and told him that Cas had already told her he would be there, then followed up that text with a kissy face and the words
“Honestly, I’d prefer that.”
Dean didn’t answer, but there was a minute shake of the head, like he was ashamed to be caught at it.
Dean threw a cushion at him. “If you ever do buy a house, I’m egging it every weekend.”
“We keep meeting like this,” Dean said with a smile, his arms crossed.
Claire’s presence brought a previously-underrepresented demographic to the bakery: teenagers and college students. They came in droves to buy something touched by her hand, and on multiple occasions, Cas had had to pass her a note that some poor student had been too shy to give to Claire themself.
Cas’s terror had died away with the first touch of Dean’s lips. Now it was just relief and unfettered joy dancing in his chest, a bird seizing its first chance to fly. Every detail of the moment he tried to memorize: the slight scratch of Dean’s stubble on his palm, the cotton under his other hand that stretched every time he clenched his fingers, the heat of Dean’s kisses, the cold of Dean’s nose, the force of Dean’s breath.
They sit near the window to eat for the most part.  They chat about the pains of working from home, all while watching the eerily empty streets outside and carefully avoiding the topic that dominates the news.
“Good night to you, too, Dean.”
“I don’t know if I have time to take a break,” Dean muttered. He looked at the clock on the wall. “I still need to start on the croissants.”
Dean examined Cas’s face for a few seconds. “I don’t blame you for being skeptical.” Then he grinned, full of cheek. “You didn’t know I’d be special.”
“I thought I might have been bothering you,” Cas said honestly.  Now that he knew that wasn’t the case, he didn’t bother hiding it.
yet to be seen, alright?”
The neighbors to the right of Dean and Cas’s apartment always got up obnoxiously early, and Dean and Cas were never particularly happy to wake up on a weekend morning to the sounds of their vacuuming and petty bickering. That being said, when Dean walked out of his bedroom the morning after putting the lights on the tree, he was grateful to his neighbors for the first time ever - because the barest strains of some vaguely familiar Christmas carol was being carried through the wall, and that, coupled with the sight of Cas asleep on the couch and the fragrance of Christmas in the air, made Dean’s entire month.
“With toast please.”
“Are you actually with her, then?”
XIII. 	Cas’s ride was late.  After he’d blacked out in the director’s office, he’d been taken to the hospital to get patched up: painkillers, bullet removal, stitches, dressing, and a sling.  That had taken an hour.  After, he’d tried and failed to take a nap and instead wheedled a meal out of a passing nurse.  Still the department vehicle hadn’t arrived to take him back to the office despite Cas’s repeat phone calls.
Dean drops his eyes.  His bravery flees.  He heads to the sink instead of the table and turns on the tap.  He washes his hands, aware of the way Cas’s gaze lands heavy on his back.  He feels the itch in the back of his throat that should have told him all he needed to know and clears his throat.
It was amazing to him that he found himself in this moment, that something like this could happen to him, that Dean Winchester was smiling back at him in his apartment, that they were about to move forward together after years of friendship, that this was a thing that he could trust in.
Cas hadn’t been lying when he said he liked taking care of Dean - it was always a privilege when Dean allowed himself to receive rather than give, and though the circumstances were unfortunate, Cas was enjoying being Dean’s caretaker -
Dean bit back a smart remark.  He dragged his palms down his denim-clad thighs and tried not to clench them into fists.  “Yeah,” he said, “Yeah, all the time.”
It was 45 minutes later, debating whether or not he could stomach the fallout if he returned to Cas still in his apartment, that he realized the only real penance would be to return and face the consequences regardless.
Cas searched Dean’s eyes as if he were trying to find any evidence that he might be lying.  He would find nothing, Dean knew.  Cas’s smile was slow to spread, but spread it did until all Dean could see of Cas’s eyes were shining blue half-moons.
Dean could hardly think.  The first thing out of his mouth was almost frantic: “I didn’t see your car.”
Cas is adjusting his shin pads.  He looks up at Dean.  “Hardly - it was a fair challenge.”
Dean stood up. Gently, apologetically, he nudged Cas away from the stove and pulled the honey and tea box from where he kept it tucked away. Then with Cas standing at his elbow, he made Cas some tea: hot water, a tea bag, a squeeze of honey, in a mug handed to Cas with shaking hands. It was an olive branch.
All three of the men at the table swung their gazes on her. “Wedding?” they all asked in varying degrees of confusion.
Toward the end of the night, as Sam and Eileen were saying goodbye to the guests who came to wish them well one last time, and Dean’s alcohol-fueled heartburn was starting up, a guest caught his eye.  She was a petite redhead, dwarfed by Sam, and she was patting away tears as she hugged Eileen next to the tulip display.
“No.”
Eileen pointed at Dean and Cas, then signed along as she said, “You’re already acting like an old married couple.”
“Anything,” he repeated.  “Anything besides betray the bureau.  Which is why it’s so ridiculous that of all the things, that’s exactly what
Dean blinked against the sudden stinging of his eyes. His throat caught. He cleared it. “You had to outdo me, didn’t you?”
A pause. Another click of a pen.  “This morning?”
“How long have you known Castiel?” Gilda asked, after a small pause.
The floor was swimming in front of him and he knew he’d have one hell of a headache tomorrow, but none of that mattered because at this moment, he had a mission - and hell if he wasn’t going to complete it.
“Hello, little sister,” Cas said into Eileen’s hair, and that was mostly for Dean.
Dean touched his forehead to Cas’s, so happy he could barely get any words out. “Cas, you know it’s a yes.”
A look at his desktop monitor told Cas he’d spent his whole morning on his computer. “Is it nearly lunchtime already?”
He shut the door on Dean’s slack face.
He stole away for a few minutes into his bathroom.  He splashed his face with water just to wake himself up, to try to prove to himself that this wasn’t a dream, that Dean had
Dean didn’t want to go that far.  He merely smiled in response.  He sat down and was immediately surprised when Aaron moved to sit next to him in the booth rather than next to Charlie.
Cas left the bathroom and closed the door behind him without answering. He spent the next five minutes with his hands covering his face.
“Dean.”  Cas didn’t sound convinced.  “Are you sure?”
Dean nudged him with an elbow, grinning when he saw a hint of a smile at the corner of Cas’s mouth.  “Oh, I dunno,” he said.  “What was it you said last night?  You’d give up everything for me?  You don’t have the words to tell me how much you love me?”
The walk to the area they’d agreed to meet was barely a walk - within five minutes, dragging the cooler behind him, he spotted Sam with Willow on a leash.  Mary and Bobby were in chairs in the shade, and Cas was manning the grill, though it seemed he was having trouble starting it up.  Charlie had made her own way there and was, to Dean’s slight sense of betrayal, laughing at a joke that Daphne made.  Gilda was sitting on a tree root in a flowy sundress that showed off her tan shoulders.
in love.  He loved Cas more than he knew what to do with, more than he could bear.
“No,” Dean stuttered.  His hands scrambled to pull Cas closer.  “Jeez, no - I’m just - I didn’t - I never imagined - this is
“Aaron.  Aaron happened.”
Dean’s face was red at the revelation. “Holy shit, Cas. I’m sorry.”
IV.  	When Dean’s tracker tripped the alarms, Cas wished he felt at all surprised.  All he felt instead was the bitter realizations that all of his worst expectations of Dean were fulfilled.  He supposed he’d harbored some misplaced hope that Dean had actually been trying to redeem himself - but then Cas found himself staring at his phone watching Dean’s coordinates change, and there was no way Cas could trick himself any longer.
“You wrote ‘Eyes Like the Sky,’” Cas said again, more quietly. He removed the hand over his face and looked at Dean, his eyes wary. They were eyes like the sky.
was too careful of a reply. Maybe Dean didn’t need careful. Maybe he needed Cas to take a risk.
“You’re always in charge of the food and the booze,” Cas said, smacking Dean’s remote control against the palm of his hand and frowning when it still didn’t work.
“There’s a lot of goddamn crying for what’s supposed to be good news,” Dean grumbled into Sam’s shoulder.
“You have a car, don’t you?” Dean asked, once Aaron had slid into the front seat.
Cas nodded in understanding, but the set of his mouth told Dean he wasn’t quite convinced.
Cas was about to reply, but Dean was hooking an arm around Cas’s neck and leading them down the block before Cas could manage it.
Cas arched an eyebrow at him, but the effect was lessened by the way his hands were struggling with the lights wrapped around him. “Going to unwrap me at midnight, Dean?”
Dean pasted a smile on his face.  “What’s going on?”
Sam gave a long-suffering sigh.  “Stop.  She’s not pregnant.  At least I don’t think so.  No, we’re - we’re getting a dog.”
and wanting to hang out
“No,” Cas said immediately.  “No.”  He’d looked forward to this dinner since Dean had accepted the invitation, and he wasn’t going to let the opportunity slip away.  “I have pie.”
“He pretended to retire and orchestrated her promotion with the president’s help.  We figured she’d get sloppy in a position of power.  Then I let myself get caught.  Striking a deal to work with the FBI at that point was easy; she didn’t want me in prison any more than I wanted to be in prison.”
So Cas showered. He put on a nice pair of jeans and comfortable shoes and a blue button-down shirt that he supposed would bring out his eyes. By the time he was ready, he felt almost… good. He’d decided halfway through his shower that he would enjoy this time with Dean, but also that he’d put an end to their potential relationship by the end of the night if Dean didn’t do it himself.
, and all Cas’s pain and pleasure and everything in between - that was Dean’s, too.
He found a blanket in his bedroom drawer.  It was his softest and warmest, and Dean deserved the best.  Cas draped it over him.
“Dean.”
Cas closes his eyes and grits his teeth.  He’s probably thinking about the goal Dean had scored just 10 minutes before the final whistle, and how he’d been unable to prevent it.  “I will be.”
He hadn’t bothered greeting anybody.  His first words were to a passing bartender.  Sam was staring at his profile.
Dean spent most of his time commiserating with Eileen about how difficult it was to live with Sam while Sam sat and looked injured.  However, while it was great to catch up after a few weeks away, it was sometimes difficult for Dean to concentrate on the conversation when he saw out of the corner of his eye how close Cas and Daphne were standing.
“When did you leave Lawrence?”
Aaron came in ten minutes later in a get-up much fancier than Dean had ever associated with an Applebee’s
” Dean implored.  “You’re my best friend - “
Dean knows it’s a dream almost as soon as he opens his eyes.  The ceiling spins above him, and everything around him - his sheets, his pillow, the clothes on his body - are so heavy he feels like he’s moving through sand.
“Thanks,” Dean mumbled.  He started walking to the kitchen, but Cas’s voice stopped him.
Cas blinked at the ceiling, helpless and immobile. His chin brushed against Dean’s hair. He could smell Dean’s shampoo and the faint scent of sweat underneath. He clenched and unclenched his hands from where they were held captive at his sides.
By the time the water has run clear, Dean’s hands have started to tremble.  What now?  Turn around?  Look Cas in the eye?  Both are impossible.
With nothing else to stall the moment, Cas finally looked at Dean.  Despite the time that had passed, Dean looked exactly like the Dean of two years ago: the same one for whom Cas had bought Christmas presents, the same one who kept Cas company on his birthday, the same one who had been there for Cas for all of the important and unimportant days.  No one looking at Deam would have been able to tell that he had spent the last two years committing felonies left and right, on the run from the bureau that had been poised to employ him had he just stayed true.  It discomfited Cas, because standing in front of him was the Dean of his young adulthood, the Dean of the past two years, and the Dean of right now - all in one.  He wasn’t sure he could separate them.
Cas’s voice was rough when he answered, but just the fact that he answered warmed Dean’s heart.  “Hey,” Dean said.
When Cas removed his hands, his eyes were tired but they were at least dry. He caught sight of the paper. “What is this?” he asked, picking it up. He read the title page:
“Nah,” Sam said.  “Did a grocery run already, so I think we’re good.  Thanks, though.”
He fell asleep with his phone on his chest.
Dean's grin was cheeky.  "You could fix that."
“I’m… not interested.”
Daphne ushered Gilda forward, and Gilda extended a long, graceful hand toward Dean.  Dean took it.  She really was a beautiful woman.  “Nice to meet you,” Dean said, and it was a genuine statement.
Dean opened his eyes and looked at her.  Her ears were still pink, but she was at least still talking to him.  “I’m just glad I didn’t have to break your heart,” he admitted.  He motioned to her, and she came to him easily, fitting into his arms with a happy sigh.
Cas fixed that in his mind and hung all his hopes on the next thing he said: “Well, would you want to date me?”
“The way you were talking last night, though - “
Cas’s eyes were blue and mischievous. Dean’s knees went weak. He took the bottle.
“Great!” Sam said, a little too loudly, a little too quickly. “Great! I’ll see you soon?”
Dean sighs and pulls Cas in for a rough hug.  “I’ll tell mom you’re coming over this weekend.”
Mary’s eyes watered.
Cas dug around in Dean’s drawers for fresh clothes. “Are you going to shower, or do you enjoy the stench of vomit and sweat?”
“Yeah, let me just go get the champagne glasses I store here at work,” Dean deadpanned. “Bud, we’re drinking this out of mugs like the heathens we are.”
She didn’t reply.
Claire barely paid him any attention. She continued scrolling through her phone. “Dean, I’m 18. Also you’re not my guardian.”
Dean was examining the crumb of the lemon bar, holding it up to the light. “We’d never open if I tasted them. I need an impartial judge.”
All of a sudden it occurred to Cas that he was talking to Dean.  Not Dean the felon, not Dean the traitor to the country, not Dean who was
“Yeah.”
He shed his jacket once he got inside, then pulled his phone from his back pocket.  Cas was #1 on speed dial, so it was just a matter of tapping the 1 and pressing the call button.  But Dean’s finger paused before it made contact with the screen.
he definitely wasn’t twenty-something anymore either.  Going in made him feel skeevy, and indeed, a few girls who looked barely legal to be drinking started whispering behind their manicured hands as they passed by.  Dean knew he should have stayed home.
Self-awareness was a bitch.
“Try telling her that,” Dean grumbled.  “She wants us back in Lawrence for my birthday so you can prove to her you’re not gonna try any funny business with me.”
Eileen was leaning against the counter.  She had a hand on her stomach.  “Sam and I are having a baby, by the way.”
“Good,” Cas said, and leaned in for a hard kiss.
Cas takes a long breath. “Stay here.”
Cas’s brain snapped back into place. He tore his eyes away.
And beyond Dean’s worry about Cas was his worry for Charlie.  He still didn’t quite understand where he had gone wrong.  Could it be true that Charlie had feelings for Dean?  It didn’t feel remotely possible, but when Dean dialed Charlie’s number, it went straight to voicemail, and it was obvious that Charlie didn’t want to speak with him.
His attraction to Cas had never been a problem - Dean could control himself, thanks very much - but that changed suddenly on one early autumn morning: Dean trudged out of his freezing bedroom with a blanket around his shoulders, and Cas smiled at him. It was his regular smile, the one he greeted Dean with every morning, but somehow it seemed more meaningful that day. Then Cas handed him a mug of - “Hot chocolate for breakfast?” “You’ve been working hard, Dean.” - and Dean’s heart stuttered at the affection in gesture. He took the mug, just barely managed to work his tongue around a
Cas looked around as he ate. The apartment hadn’t been decorated much for Christmas, but Dean had put out a cookie jar that looked like Santa on the kitchen counter. Cas wondered how much heckling it would take to get Dean to make a stop at a hardware store for some lights and a proper tree.
Dean opened his eyes and sent her a fierce look.  “My shitty friendship skills are not your fault, Charlie.”
Dean didn’t reply.  His brows were slightly furrowed.  As Cas watched, he saw Dean’s throat bob.
When he got there, Cas was standing near the far side of the bed, his hands at the hem of his shirt. As Dean watched, Cas made eye contact. It was deliberate. He took off his shirt achingly slowly, making sure Dean’s gaze never left his body.
Cas had to keep himself from sighing.  He’d gotten a mild case of pneumonia last year and had spent a total of 8 hours in the hospital as a precaution.  He’d barely missed work, and he rarely spared a thought for it.  Dean, however, rarely let a month pass without a snippy remark about it.
,’” Dean corrected.
He started on the pancakes while Cas slowly returned to the land of the waking. This involved a lot of stretching and sighing, all of which Dean tried valiantly to ignore, concentrating instead on the familiar motions of mixing and pouring and flipping and mixing and pouring and flipping and -
Dean touched Cas’s face.  “You’re amazing, y’know that?” he said, right before leaning in.
“I’m sorry,” the man said, extending a polite smile at Dean. “Something caught my eye when you were looking through them.”
Dean didn’t answer. It would take a while for Cas to wrap his head around everything, and Dean would wait for as long as Cas needed.
Cas was quiet, and Dean suddenly remembered the conversation he’d had with Cas only a few short weeks ago, after they’d made up.
“The guy who wouldn’t stop calling you for months?” Cas had asked incredulously, ignoring Willow, who’d been chewing on his shoelaces.  “Him?  He’s your great plan?”
The kiss was tentative - a test.  Cas understood that three years of friendship were being trod upon for this moment, so he trod carefully.  It didn’t stop elation from flooding his veins when, as he broke away, he saw Dean chase after the kiss for the barest second.
Cas put the bottle down and nodded at the dining table. “Have a seat.”
Dean wanted this wet dream to end. He already had a cushion over his lap. “We can fix it tomorrow,” he suggested. His voice cracked a little.
Cas was realizing all at once that all of his stifled daydreams need not be stifled any longer. They didn’t even need to be daydreams any longer, either. He kissed Dean again, just because he could. Then he smiled at Dean’s smile and took Dean’s hand, leading him in his bunny slippers to the bed. “You need to sleep.”
Dean ran a hand over his chin. “I mean, sure am eating well,” he said, laughing a little. “Could do with a little more sleep, though. Bakery’s actually closed tomorrow so I can sleep in a little.”
Cas’s stomach dropped. “Oh.”
“Okay,” Dean replied.  Simple.  Easy.
Cas took the mug carefully and stared into its contents. The smell of chamomile floated between them. Finally Cas looked up and met Dean’s nervous gaze. “I’ve tried to make it the way you do,” Cas admitted, “but it’s not the same.” He turned away to sit at the table again. “Thank you,” he said quietly.
to have words, but I don’t have them this time, not to tell you how much I love you.”  He paused.  Licked his lips where the tear had touched the seam.  “Because I do.  I love you.  I love you more than I love anything else, Dean.  I would give up everything for you.  Everything - heaven, earth, everything in between.”
But then Cas asked what Dean did for a living, and Dean suddenly wished he’d asked for the check.
Cas could hardly breathe.  “I didn’t need much persuading, to be fair,” he murmured.
She nodded encouragingly.  “Go on.”
Cas rolled his eyes but took a bite too.  The pie was good.  It wasn’t amazing, but Dean was closing his eyes in appreciation, and the two hours standing outside of the bakery were suddenly more than worth it.
the string from itself.
After cleaning up the kitchen, Cas went to check on his patient and found Dean under the covers. He still looked exhausted, but he seemed at least a little less in pain. His eyes were closed, and the blanket was pulled up to his chest.
Dean had his keys in hand. He examined them. Instead of answering, he said, “I’m gonna go for a drive. Be back in an hour or so.”
are behaving.”
Eileen bumped his shoulder.  He twisted around to look at her.  “You okay?” she mouthed.
your best.”
her.”
“She is very cute,” Cas agreed.  “I didn’t expect Sam to get a pit bull, in all honesty.  I was expecting something looked upon as more… wholesome.”  He picked up Willow and brought her to his face.  She began licking his nose, her back legs kicking in the air in excitement.  “I’m glad they picked her, though.  Pit bulls get such a bad reputation because their owners mistreat them.”
“Jackass,” Dean said, though the twitch of his mouth gave his affection away.  “What if I died tonight and you never wished me a Merry Christmas?”
Cas picked up the phone and dawdled over the reply for a few long moments.
Dean wiped his mouth with a napkin. “What do you mean?”
“Happy new year,” Dean said lowly.  He was smiling.
Their eyes connect in the mirror.  Dean’s grin falls a little, replaced by something soft and surprised and thoughtful.  He’s silent through the rest of the haircut, and Cas lets his eyelids fall shut with every pass of Dean’s hand through his hair.
“Never letting you go,” Dean said, when Cas got to the point where all he could do was grip Dean’s shoulders and shake and cry out with every pass of Dean’s hand.  “Never.”
It was this thought that pulled Cas to his feet and brought him to the bathroom to shower. Cas didn’t really date, so it was easy for him to blow one date out of proportion, especially a date with a man like Dean who made Cas’s body respond in ways he’d never experienced. Usually thoughts about society’s cavalier attitude toward dating would have upset Cas, but in this case he was thankful, because it meant that when things between him and Dean eventually ended, Dean would understand.
God, Dean loved him. Slowly he extracted himself from Cas’s embrace and stood, offering his hand.
“Jesus, she’s cute.”  He picked her up and put her on Cas’s lap.  He didn’t know how to bring up their argument, so he stalled.  He didn’t expect Cas to bring his hand to Willow’s snout and begin scratching, and he definitely didn’t expect Cas to smile like he
“Dude, let him in!”
staring at him
“Dating doesn’t usually go well for me,” Cas confessed. “But I should have listened to you when you said you were willing to try.”
“Hey,” Dean says, looking toward Cas. “Where should I put my mom’s picture?”
X. 	Director Shurley started receiving flowers on a frequent basis.  Cas didn’t believe they were from Dean, but after the 5th time in a month, Cas really needed to know.  Cas ignored Bobby’s voice in his head calling him an idiot as he intercepted one of the orders before it was delivered to her.  He plucked the card out to read it.
“Are you and Sam doing something for Christmas?” he asked, trying to sound nonchalant as he looked out the passenger side window.
“We always do,” Cas said, turning to smile at Dean. “I’ll get some beers.”
“The redhead?” Mary said, yawning.  “I think it might be one of Eileen’s old classmates.  Why do you ask?”
Cas’s mouth was troubled, so Dean bared it all.
Dean winced. “You’re never going to forget about that, are you?”
“I’m over the moon for him.”
There was a pause. Dean blinked. “You’re supposed to say that I wasn’t being a dick in the first place.”
Cas pretended to think.  “For you?  I’ll think about it.”
Cas’s lips twitch.  “No,” he admits.  “But I am grateful.”
“It’s harmless,” Dean replied, waving away Cas’s curious stare. “It’s good for ‘em. Teaches ‘em to question things, question motives. Gets ‘em ready for the adult world of backstabbing and lies.”
“Oh,” was Mary’s only reply.
“Are you going to sit down?” Cas asks without turning around.  “You’re just standing there.”
“You wanna catch a movie?”
“Do we… own a ladder?”
Cas tipped his head back and looked at Dean through narrowed eyes.
Dean shook his head, a wry smile on his lips. “I’m sure you’ll find some other use for a spare room.”
There was a smile in the man’s voice. “It did. I was taken aback by how much I enjoyed it. You have good taste.”
! I sat down!”
“Can I borrow your phone, by the way?” Dean asked, as he shoved on Cas’s baking mittens.  “I should call Sam and let him know I got here.”
Cas hadn’t known anything besides how much he’d loved Dean. “I didn’t,” he said. “But I loved you. You made me happy. I wanted to make you happy however I could. And that meant waiting.”
Cas elaborated: “You said you’d be good to me.” He hitched on a grin that he’d learned from Dean - confident, amused - even though he felt like neither of those things.
“He wanted to do the job right.  He figured we needed a way to bait her, but we needed to do it securely.  …That’s when I came in”
Dean and Cas looked at each other.
Cas didn’t finish responding to emails that day.
But Cas continued.  There was a note of amusement in his voice.  “And I think we have an abundance of evidence that suggests that you are definitely
The booth was not conducive for socializing - not the kind of socializing Dean wanted, anyway, because while Sam would have been glad to talk Dean’s ear off about his practice, Dean was determined to get Gilda alone (or as far away from Cas as possible, because there was something that rubbed him the wrong way about chatting a girl up with Cas
Cas opened the front door.  A few yards away, Dean was leaning against his car, one hand holding the phone to his ear, the other thrust into his jeans pocket.  “No,” Cas said, “because I know that’s a lie.”
And waiting there, watching the percolator drip coffee into the carafe?
“Fantastic,” Sam said - something he only ever said to clients, which made Cas feel like some sort of transaction was taking place. Sam was pulling his phone out of his pocket before he even finished turning away, and Cas just
“Of course.” Cas pulled his phone away from his ear and did what Sam asked, holding the phone between him and Dean.
He shoved that feeling away and sat up before he started feeling too sorry for himself. He ignored the way the scent of Dean’s laundry detergent clung to him as he left the warmth of the bed, and he definitely ignored the picture on Dean’s desk of the two of them - two years ago, Sammy’s wedding, Dean’s arm around Cas’s shoulders, both of them in suits, both of them mid-laugh - propped up against a framed photo of Mary. He left the room and shut the door firmly behind him.
and Charlie’s going to hate me.”
Cas’s lips were pressed tightly together, his nose a little pink.  He sniffed.  “Are you sure?”
Dean set his expression, grit his teeth together so hard he knew he’d hear it from his dentist.  He nodded.  He waited for the
?  Would it be inappropriate to ask for justification from his superior?
He watched Cas carefully in the moments that followed. Blue eyes wide and apprehensive, posture straight, lips parted. Dean loved him so much it hurt, but that only made Dean’s lie all the more painful.
“I dunno about that,” Dean said, “But they’re good enough.”
Cas pulled the box back. “I’m not a toddler, Dean. I don’t need naptime.”
Dean’s foot shifted. Cas knew this because it made Dean’s leg knock against his. “Be like what?” Dean asked. He seemed soft, softer even than when he’d asked Cas out, though Cas assumed it was probably because they’d both been drinking.
Cas let his words sink in for a few moments, but he kept speaking when Dean didn’t begin, his eyes dancing between Dean’s, dislodging another tear.  “I don’t have the words, Dean.  It’s - it’s my
The apartment is silent save for the whir of the fridge and the swing of the ceiling fan. If Cas listened really closely he might be able to hear the murmur of conversation from his neighbors, but right now he’s focused in on Dean, who’s living and breathing in front of him, a testament to the wonders of the universe.
Cas laughed too.  Delirious.
Dean heard his footsteps and turned to smile at him.  “Happy New Year, by the way.”
Dean put a hand over his eyes.  The embarrassment was sinking in, hot and inescapable.  “That’s a
I’ve got to share a bed with Sam.  Not gonna get any sleep with Sasquatch in the room.”
“And she might leave again,” Dean said.  “She said it herself: she doesn’t know how long she’ll be in town.”
But Bobby was already walking away to help Mary with the rest of the dishes.
Dean looked away, rolling his eyes a little bit. His cheeks were pink, but it was a colder-than-usual winter, so it wasn’t unusual. “That’s not why I brought it up.”
“Dumbass still has a Christmas tree up,” Dean said, leaning heavily into Cas as he gestured with an unsteady hand toward the Christmas tree in the corner. “You see this shit, Cas? It’s fuckin’ February.”
and not her.  He hoped she wouldn’t press.
“Save the lecture, Cas.” Dean’s voice was muffled but decidedly grumpy.
The parking lot was close to empty.  He tried to call out, but whether or not he succeeded he had no idea because she wasn’t turning around.  If anything she was walking faster.  He sped up.  Stumbled.  Saw that she was reaching into her purse for her keys.  He walked faster.  He was within touching distance when the redhead suddenly whirled around and showed him the keys between her knuckles.
“You think he wants to get back together with her?”  Mary knew Dean’s feelings toward the situation because they were exactly the same as hers.
“Your friendship has given me a lot of comfort over the years, Dean,” Cas said slowly, looking at his coffee cup.  “I imagine it’s the same with any of your friends.”
Cas had said.
Dean knew that delaying the news of Cas and Daphne didn’t mean delaying it forever; one day, he’d be forced to acknowledge their relationship, and that might very well turn out be the day of their wedding.  He knew he was being irrational by making this request of Cas, knew it would make no difference in the end when Cas was with Daphne and Dean was alone.  But still, he found himself wishing, hoping -
He pressed a hand over his eyes when Dean sent a smiley face back. Through Cas’s panic he tried to remind himself that this date wasn’t the end of the world, and it probably wasn’t even the end of their friendship. Maybe the date would go poorly and Dean would decide on his own that they wouldn’t work romantically. Sometimes dates just didn’t work, after all - that was the whole point of dates, wasn’t it? Dates weren’t always the first step to a long-term relationship. Sometimes they were blips in a lifetime of blips - some good and some bad, some memorable and some forgettable. To a man like Dean especially, a date might just be what he did on a regular Saturday night to kill his boredom. There was no reason to panic.
Cas settled in the familiar passenger seat, and Dean closed the door. When Dean climbed into the driver’s seat, he found Cas watching him.
“You’re being brave,” Cas corrected, “which is more than I can say for myself.”
“What?” he asks as he reaches for the fridge handle.
Cas shook his head, but the smile burst through anyway.  He quickened his pace and knocked on Sam’s door before Dean could rub it in.  By the time Dean caught up to him, Sam was opening the door, Eileen poking her head under his arm in curiosity.
“Sorry,” Dean said, absolutely not sorry.  “You’re gonna worry about me until one of us dies.”
Charlie, who had been taking a long draft of beer - Dean had taught her how to drink - spat it all back out.  It sank into the plush carpet under her coffee table, staining it.  Dean pulled his legs away from the spill, but Charlie seemed unmoved.  She was staring at Dean like he’d grown a third eyebrow in the middle of his forehead and it was crawling to join up with the others.  She seemed both terrified and mortified.  After a long pause, she finally managed to say, very mildly considering her expression, “
“Like what?”
Lying in bed with Cas, the love of his life, was a little different from lying in bed with Cas, his best friend.  There was much more touching, for one, and most of it was intentional.  There was also the knowledge that this time was just the first of what could potentially be a lifetime’s worth of bed-sharing, an idea that Dean swore he’d work his hardest to make possible, though he wasn’t quite sure how to voice that promise.  In the meantime, he was reveling in the novelty of the warmth of Cas’s leg slung over his own.
Cas started to walk away from the group.  Dean trailed after him.  They wound along the path, dodging bikers and joggers and couples with their fingers intertwined.
It didn’t seem to be enough, however, because Dean was already tossing the towel onto a countertop and turning away, jaw tight. “I’m going back to bed,” he said, abruptly short. “My head’s killing me.”
By the time evening rolled around, and the TV was running Christmas specials in the background and Cas was on his couch staring at the ceiling thinking about Dean, he was more tipsy than he’d been in years.
“I trust your judgment,” Cas conceded.
Conveniently the food was only a few feet to the right from Dean, who was standing at his station by the grill and watching them approach with a spatula poised in the air like he’d forgotten he was holding it. Sam clapped Cas on the back once more before retreating; Cas could have sworn he tiptoed away.
“No property damage,” Cas said, scratching at an invisible mark on the table.
Cas spared Dean a tired look. He didn’t bother answering. The cork popped out of the bottle with a little bit of a pull. “Mugs,” he ordered.
Dean lifts his hand and twists around to stare incredulously at Cas.  “
“Is she in town long?”
“In three weeks.”  Dean gestures toward the TV.  “This isn’t going to be over in three weeks.”  He walks to the couch in front of the TV and sinks down into it.  “How the hell am I going to find a new place in
Cas told himself it was that small sacrifice of Dean’s that made him say, “Sure, if you don’t mind.”
The angel turned toward Dean.  He wasn’t wearing his trench coat or his tie.  Dean wished he could have been the one to tug them off, but there’d be plenty of opportunity in the future.
Dean swore, and though he knew his heart was bound to ache for as long as he lived, the decision settled in his soul as
“Did I - Cas got it wrong, didn’t he?”
Sam and Eileen’s new place was just over an hour away from Dean’s.  It was a little too far for Dean’s liking, but he figured Sammy deserved a little privacy after spending so much of his childhood sharing a bedroom with Dean.
did bed sound good.  “Yeah, whatever you want.”
Dean snorted into the phone.
“You’re saying you’d give up sex for good?”
Eventually, Dean laughed a little - a short
“The least I could do for her,” Dean replied.  It was the truth.  “She puts up with a lot from me.”
Dean sat with that realization for a long time, unmoving on the couch, his phone held loosely in his hand. He imagined Cas - sitting in his little cubicle, phone held up to his ear, squinting against the light of his computer monitor because he still didn’t know how to turn down the brightness - and then he imagined Cas at Dean’s apartment door, in his kitchen, on his couch, eating his food, smiling at Dean.
Cas stopped him with a hand to the elbow. “I’m volunteering, Dean,” he explained. The concept that he needed to be paid to spend time with his best friend, to help his best friend, to be there for his best friend at a momentous occasion in his life, was absurd. “Supporting my local businesses, as they say.”
Dean closed his eyes. His brow furrowed more deeply. “That’s not your - “ he stopped and clamped his lips shut. He took a deep breath. He rubbed his palms down his pants leg so hard Cas wondered if it hurt. “Fair enough,” Dean finally said, hitching on a smile that looked painful to maintain. “Thanks for letting me know.”
“Hands. Up.”
Cas looked down at his outfit. He was still in his button-down from work, but he couldn’t be bothered to change. He left his apartment a few seconds after sending Dean a thumbs-up.
“Look who’s playing it cool now.”
Dean was rubbing his jaw. “How do you know that for sure, Cas?”
“‘Or so,’” Cas repeated.
Up close, Dean could see the downturn of Cas’s lips. “Just thinking about the future,” Cas said eventually. When he turned to Dean, he was smiling woodenly.
Feeling a little bad about it, Dean tapped the door twice with a shoe.  “Hello?  Can’t use my hands here!”
“Sorry for disappointing you,” Cas said, amused. His heart was full.
“What about you?”
Dean made Cas’s heart ache.
Sam and Dean both looked toward the door when they heard Cas’s knock. Like Cas had expected, Dean was half-sitting on Sam’s desk. He had Sam’s stress ball in one hand like he’d been tossing it around. Sam was leaning his elbows on his desk with his fingers pressing his temples.
“So what do you think?”
Dean covered his eyes with a hand.  The rest of his face was pink.  “And I - I mean, we could - I mean, in the future, it’d be so easy to - to
Cas laughed. His nose was turning red. “A ring will suffice.”
“Still gonna try,” Cas said, lifting his mug to his lips again.
As if he’d never left.
” Dean emphasized.  He laughed some more.  “Gilda shot me down real quick.  Said she knew I wasn’t really interested in her.  It was true, too, so I didn’t argue.”
It was a sweet concept, but Dean should have known better. “That’s hilarious,” Cas deadpanned.
Cas shrugged.  He let Dean go ahead of him.
Cas looked at Dean so tenderly it made Dean’s throat tight. “And I’m so grateful for that, Dean. You’ve been the best support I could have asked for.” Cas looked down, his eyebrows furrowing. The hands at Dean’s elbows tightened. “But I have to ask of you one more thing.”
As he stares, he hears a familiar sound.  Somewhere in the apartment, somewhere in their tiny little kitchen, there is the sound of cooking.  Someone is cooking.  No one but Dean ever cooks in this apartment.
Dean flipped one of the patties on the grill that Cas was pretty sure didn’t need to be flipped. “Thanks for coming,” Dean said, “Sammy’s a sucker for entertaining; you’ve probably made his month.”
This was the angry interrogation that Dean had expected when he’d walked back into his apartment, and strangely enough he took comfort in it. It was better than Cas with a shaking voice and tears in his eyes. “The sky’s falling because I believed I’d never have you.”
Gilda was still smiling at him when he looked back at her.  “You don’t enjoy this place?”
Dean sighed. “Wedding rings,” he clarified.
“Exactly. Knew you were a sharp one,” Dean said cheerfully. He got out of the car. Cas followed suit. Claire, sending wary looks at them both, got out as well.
But there was none of that here, in this hospital room.  Cas was here to get patched up; maybe so too could Dean.  Cas opened his eyes to find Dean’s sad gaze.  “You did what you were ordered to do.  So did I.  I forgive you for all of it.”
“Why, thanks for the congratulations, Dean; it’s not like this is the first time I’ve heard from you since getting married.”
That made Dean laugh.  He kissed his mom on the temple, more to keep himself from looking at Cas’s hand, hovering ever so lightly on Daphne’s back.  “I’ll join you.”
It was the first thing Dean had said to Cas outside of the office in days.  He was staring at Cas’s shoes.
Cas is back to eating now, casual as you please.  “To this day,” he continues, “You’ve never asked for anything I was not ready for.  You’re okay with ‘just’ me.”
he thought.  “Cool,” he said out loud.  “He’ll be here soon.”
Cas, however, did not put his weapon away immediately.  He watched Dean for a moment or two longer, looking for any sign of ulterior motive.
Dean curled his fingers into his bedspread. “Will you - you’ll be okay, right?”
A silence fell. For a long time neither of them moved, but as long as Cas wasn’t moving away, Dean would take it. He’d take this stillness forever if it meant never truly losing Cas.
“You got it.”
Dean’s only insistence regarding decor was that they hang up pictures of his family. “Ain’t Winchester Bakery without these people,” he’d said, handing Cas a box of framed photos.
They stopped a few minutes later in a part of the park that no one else had occupied.  It was probably because of the bushes and brambles that had started to overtake it.  Dean looked around and scratched at a spot on his arm that had suddenly started to itch.  “Dude,” he said.  “We couldn’t talk 300 feet that way?” he said, jerking his head to where an elderly couple were sitting on a bench reading a newspaper together.
Dean closes his eyes because he can feel his cheeks burning under Cas’s gaze.  “‘Not terribly unattractive,’” he repeats.  “Wow, I’m flattered.”  And he really is, even if Cas would never say this sort of thing in real life - sarcastic or not.
The expression on Cas’s face - sincere, soft, affectionate - made Dean’s throat tight. He laughed too loudly. “Hey, listen, when you do have kids, you can tag me in any time, alright?”
“I couldn’t do it,” Cas whispered.  “I meant to.  That’s why I left - to try to get over you and move on with Daphne.  But I couldn’t do it.”
“You know he can’t hear you, right?” Cas said. He felt the heat in his ears as Dean joined him at the door.
“Hey,” Dean said, closing the door. “You’re in a good mood.”
When he looked over his shoulder, Dean was smiling. Silly. Indulgent. Lovesick.
They kissed languidly in the kitchen for a few minutes before Dean had to beg for a reprieve. “My head’s killing me,” he said, resting his forehead on Cas’s shoulder. “I swear to god I’m never drinking again.”
Cas shut off the display, embarrassed at the score. He looked at Dean. “Yes?”
“Cas says you’ve been a difficult patient.”
“And today you’re just - I mean, seriously, you’re kinda worrying me.”
It was the way Cas said it - not accusatory this time, just quiet and worried - that made Dean finally look at Cas. Cas's eyes were wide and questioning.
He supposed it was penance of a sort for lying to Cas for so long, and that consoled him.
Dean smiles to himself.  For a while, he watches Cas eat.  Then he asks, “Isn’t this much better than being on your phone?”
Cas hadn’t even needed time to think. “I can call the courthouse?”
Charlie was rocking Willow in her arms while chatting with Sam, probably something to do with rescue dogs.
and one day when Aaron called while Dean was driving, Cas had let out a frustrated breath, snagged Dean’s phone from his hand, rolled down the window, and tossed it out without a word.
“Goddammit, Cas,” Dean hissed.
“You’ve gotten a lot done,” he said.  Diagrams and sketches of settings littered the table.
Charlie watched this all with raised eyebrows and a bemused smile.
He put off meeting Charlie for a few days.  In the meantime, Aaron blocked him on social media, and the few times Dean tried to call him to clear the air, Aaron picked up just to hang up on him.  Dean really couldn’t blame him.  While Dean’s romantic history was decidedly more casual than most, he could still imagine how it must hurt to be led on, even if the person doing the leading-on had no idea.
, it read.  It was silly to get emotional over a welcome mat, especially one that they had probably purchased at the local Home Depot for ten bucks, but at that moment, Dean couldn’t help feeling overwhelmingly proud of his little brother.  They had come a long way since living with their dad.
“Yeah.”
Castiel Novak, Dean’s best friend, sighed to Dean’s right.  When Cas sighed, it was always a full-body movement that heralded some sort of rebuke.  Dean was in too good a mood to let that bother him either.
Cas dragged a thumb across Dean’s bottom lip, satisfied when he saw the slight mark he’d made with his teeth.  “The question is
of her gun’s safety and the thought of Dean being on the receiving end of her bullet that made Cas do it.  He stood from his hiding place, turned, and aimed the barrel of his gun at his boss.  His hand was steady.  Somehow he knew this was the right thing to do.
Dean got up to grab a beer.  Then he shot off a reply:
When Dean woke up the next morning, he couldn’t quite put his finger on what was different.
“Still planning on being with me when I’m 70?” Dean teased.  “That’s confident.”
“Anyway,” Mary said, “What’s going on with you and Aaron?”
Dean swallowed, embarrassment prickling his skin. “You really need to ask, Cas?”
The TV says the state will reopen in phases beginning in a week.  The chyron across the screen confirms what Cas thinks he’s hearing, but it’s difficult to believe after so long in one place.  Cas tries to catch Dean’s eye, but is unsurprised not to succeed. In recent days Dean is either staring into Cas’s soul or looking away completely and it’s more often the latter than the former.
Cas laughed; it sounded a little manic even to his own ears.  “Go ahead,” he said.  “Join me on the couch when you’re through.”
It took a while, but Cas’s phone vibrated just as he was falling asleep on the couch in the dim light of the Netflix menu screen.
“I’ve known you were it for me since I let you drive Baby three years ago. If that’s even remotely true for you too, then just think about it, alright? You don’t have to answer right now. But I wanted you to know.” Between them, Dean tangled his fingers with Cas’s and squeezed. “I love you and I’m proposing. It’s there if you want it.”
Cas shifted on the couch at the sound of Dean’s door closing, and a few seconds later he was sitting up and squinting at Dean, the blanket that Dean had draped over him falling from his shoulders. His bedhead was a sight to behold.
Cas knew he’d need to be patient. Luckily he had practice. Luckily he had Dean. “I’d have missed out on this, then,” he said, running a hand over Dean’s back. “Not sure I’d give this up for anything.”
Later, they made their way onto the balcony, both tempted out by the view. It was cold, but nowhere near freezing yet, and the whiskey fended off the worst of the chill. At any rate, Dean thought, it was an excuse to stand close to Cas.
Eventually Dean managed to stand up. They were within an inch of the same height, but Dean used his slight advantage to pull away, his grip on Cas’s shoulders.
Ten minutes later and Dean was struggling to counter all of Gilda’s smiles.  Everything she said was laced with sincerity, and while Dean could tell she was genuinely pleased to be spending time with him, he was equally convinced that she would be pleased to be spending time with literally anyone in the world.  He liked her.  But he didn’t
Dean is taken aback for a little bit, but then he remembers it’s a dream - it’s
Then Cas’s hand was gone from Dean’s shoulder, and he and Daphne were out the door.
Cas rolled his eyes.  “I’m tipsy, not senile.  It was a joke.”
Cas shook his head.  “Stop talking like that.  You deserve everything.”
Cas plugged them in and stepped away. He squinted. “Am I drunk or are they uneven?”
Dean finally turned toward Cas.  Dean was the best man, but Cas had also been asked to stand by Sam’s side as a groomsman.  He was dressed as Dean was: in a tailored grey suit with a pink hydrangea peeking out of a buttonhole.  The tie was pink too, and it brought out the pink champagne flush on Cas’s cheeks.  Dean was not so vain as to admit that Cas pulled off the colors much better than he did, so when he winked at Cas, it was a genuine compliment.  “Why, gorgeous, I had no idea you paid so much attention.”
Dean put a hand over his face.  “Because she hasn’t met you yet.”
Cas’s ears burned in shame.  Dean’s conditional release from a hefty prison sentence dictated that any calls he made were to be supervised by an agent.  This condition wouldn’t have mattered if the call were on any other day and from some random old friend… but it was Dean’s birthday, and it was Sam.  Dean deserved the privacy that Cas couldn’t give, especially because Cas knew that Sam was having trouble accepting Dean’s situation.  Things between the brothers had been tense since Dean’s disappearance and subsequent capture, and despite Dean asking Sam if they could see each other, Sam had flatly refused, citing the need for more time to come to terms with Dean’s status as a felon.
“Oh, yeah, I meant to ask - you cool dropping me home?” Aaron’s stare was a little off-putting.
Cas steps forward and kisses Dean. It’s a proper one this time, one that involves Dean’s hands on Cas’s ribs and Cas’s hands in Dean’s hair. Cas feels like there’s a current of electricity running through him, up to his ears and down to his toes, running through Dean everywhere their skin touches. It’s only when Dean makes an eager noise low in his throat that Cas pulls away (not without an effort), making Dean scowl.
“Cas!” Sam sounded happy.  “Dude, I haven’t heard from you in ages!  Dean’s been keeping you from me, huh?”
“Yeah?” Dean asked.  “That doesn’t sound practical.”
Cas huffed a laugh into Dean’s neck.  He’d been waiting for this day for years, and would have waited even longer if Dean had needed more time.  He wasn’t letting Dean go if he could help it.  “I’m going to keep you for as long as you’ll let me.”
“Dean?”
“I thought I’d go insane if I spent much longer never having kissed you,” Dean continued.  His genial tone had faded into something more sincere.  Dean touched Cas’s face, but Cas kept his eyes closed tight.  “If I hadn’t caught her that night,” Dean said, “I don’t know how I - how could I have lived any longer without this?”
getting back together.”
“It’s like, what - 10, 12 lines? It’s not exactly Tolstoy.”
Sam was obviously delighted at Cas’s response. “No, no, just bring yourself - Dean’s the cook, and he makes sure he feeds everyone more than they can eat, so don’t worry about it.”
He tugged Dean away.
There was silence from behind Cas, during which Dean probably gave himself a good sniff. “Shower’s probably a good idea,” he eventually mumbled.
“No brocolli for you,” he snapped at Cas. “The hell do you mean ‘investing in your future’?”
Cas yawned. “When I get back I hope to read some of your own p - ”
“Yeah,” Sam said, “Uh, party’s this Friday. I’ll send you the address. We’d really like it if you stopped by.”
Dean had never heard sweeter words.
After pancakes (and many deep, meditative breaths from Dean), they began putting the ornaments on the tree, but Cas kept yawning behind a hand. Eventually Dean slid the box of decorations closer to himself and pointed a thumb at the couch. “Go take a nap, Sleeping Beauty.”
“Sammy,” Dean breathed.
At first, he stays very still.  He takes a breath, just enough to steady his thoughts, but not deep enough to wake himself.  He needs to hold on to this.  He knows what waits for him just outside the boundary of this illusionary bedroom, and it’s worth the struggle.
“It was two,” Cas protested.
Sam’s grin was easily heard in his voice.  “He only just got there?”
Cas snorted derisively.
A few moments later, though, a minute furrow appeared between Cas’s brow, one that grew until it was apparent that whatever he was thinking was going to cause Dean no small amount of pain.  Cas licked his lips, nervous, then let out what Dean assumed to be a steadying sigh.
“The world won’t end if you don’t have croissants on your first day,” Cas said, joining Dean at the counter. The shortbread dough had already been rolled out to the perfect thickness. Cas had watched Dean do it while the lemon bars were baking.
“Sorry,” Cas said.  “I should have called you earlier.”
to be casual, but not quite achieving it.
Dean’s answer was slow to come, but the stubborn set of his jaw and the furrow of his brow told Cas that Dean wasn’t going to let this go easily. Eventually, Dean said in a slow, measured tone: “I’m telling you that one day I might find that I value a person’s company over what they can give me in bed.”
Cas had always been attractive. It had been the first thing Dean noticed about him when they’d met three years prior, and it was still the first thing Dean noticed whenever he walked out of his bedroom to see Cas in the apartment living area. He’d never been shy about his opinion either; “Looking good, Cas,” he’d say, or even, “Morning, handsome,” and Cas had eventually learned to ignore him instead of splutter and deflect.
“But I - I don’t have a ride home.  I was hoping that you might...?”
“I as good as told you to ditch me.  Please don’t blame yourself just because my tipsy self couldn’t keep his mouth shut.”
Cas looks up at him in surprise.  His thumbs hang over the screen.  “Why?”
“How’d you know I’d even stick around?” Dean asked. His breath skated across Cas’s collar. It was warm in the chill of the room.
“This,” Dean says, brushing Cas’s stomach, “or
Dean didn’t bother asking who “we” was.  He didn’t answer her.  He walked into the living room and found Cas and Mary sitting on the couch facing each other.  Cas’s mouth was set in a firm line, but he met Dean’s eyes at least.  Dean was the first to look away.
Dean’s hand was suddenly on Cas’s face, directing his gaze back at Dean. “Never,” he said. Then he gave Cas a lopsided smile. His voice, when he continued, was thick. “But I still wanted to be better. You deserved me at my best, and this,” he looked around at Winchester Bakery’s kitchen with a sigh, “this is my best. Or as good as it’s ever going to get.”
Dean exhaled and cast an unreadable expression at Cas. “So you don’t want to sleep with me.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“The good booze will be gone by the time we get there!”
Since then the shirt had become stretched and worn, but every time Cas saw it he was reminded that despite Dean’s occasional prickliness, he cared for Cas. Cas wished he could remember which one of Dean’s favorite bands it was but in the darkness of the room, the quiet contentment that still warmed Cas’s bones, he couldn’t remember.
He grabbed his gun from his desk mechanically and followed the half dozen agents trooping down to the garage.  He couldn’t imagine using the gun on Dean - though he’d already used it more than he’d ever wished and was even quite good with it too - and he wondered if it was a failing or success of his training that he couldn’t bring himself to even think about raising a gun at his former best friend.
Cas smiled at the road. “I think I’ve spent enough time feeling sorry for myself. Let’s go back, Dean.”
Dean scowled at Cas as he walked around to the driver’s seat of the Impala. “From my place, jackass.”
.  But here, here in his head?
Cas’s eyes flicker between Dean’s.  He watches carefully for a few moments, and then, so deep and low it’s agonizing, he asks, “What are you waiting for?”  His gaze dips down once more to Dean’s mouth and stays there for a long, tense moment.  He looks up at Dean, then: kind but just a little bit cheeky.  “I don’t think you’re dreaming this time either.”
“Finished up?” Cas prods cautiously as he reaches for a glass in his cupboard.
“Morning,” Dean said softly. He curled his fingers into his palms before he did something stupid like walk over to touch Cas’s hair and proclaim his undying love.
“Yes,” the voice said. “I never got to say thank you for the book.”
Cas’s apartment was small, but it was more than enough for a single man who only seemed to subsist either on pork rinds or kale and never anything in between.  A small bedroom off to the side was nothing more than a convenient place for Cas to collapse in exhaustion; the dining room was where Cas spent most of his time, which was obvious by the stacks of notes that were scattered where placemats should have been.  The rest of the apartment was clean - or at least untouched - because Cas spent 80% of the time he wasn’t entertaining Dean, writing.
“You want me to hurl again?” Dean asked, raising his eyebrows. There were bags of fatigue under his eyes. Still, he looked wonderful in Cas’s clothes.
Cas sent him a dry look, though it was somewhat undercut by the pink of his nose.  “No, you haven’t.  You haven’t even had six weeks.”
“But he was interested in you, wasn’t he?”
“Dean,” Cas said neutrally, “Are you talking to me now?”
Dean dropped his hand.  Punched Cas on the shoulder instead, ignoring his indignant splutter when his coffee sloshed over the rim.  “You sap,” Dean said.  “You came back because you were worried about me.”  Dean played it off as no big deal, but he was touched.  More than touched, though, he felt loved.  Cas had left because of Dean, sure, but he’d also come back because of Dean, and Daphne had never managed either.
When Cas drew away a minute later, his nose was red. He kept his hands at Dean’s elbows. “I’ve asked so much of you already - “
life.  At the most, he’d expected he would have to smooth away some of the awkwardness that usually came with first dates, maybe fluff Charlie’s feathers a little bit and boost Aaron’s ego, make them look good for the other.
Cas rolls his eyes.  “We talked about this.  You know I don’t expect you to take that seriously.”
There was a long pause.  When Cas did speak, the room seemed deathly still.  “And what, pray tell, do I need help with?”
“Of course I did - I couldn’t let your purchase go to waste.”
Dean didn’t answer. Cas turned away. For many long minutes after and until he fell asleep, he could hear Dean’s breaths in the winter quiet.
Dean blew out a frustrated breath, looking around at the neighbor’s driveway. “Sorry. Again.”
Dean had said.
At around 9:30pm, after hours of restless pacing and near-obsessive cleaning, Dean left his house.  He drove to the corner store and stocked up on junk, bought a ridiculously overpriced gift bag, and left the gift bag with the junk food inside it outside of Charlie’s apartment door.  He could hear movement from behind the door, so he knocked, despite knowing she wouldn’t come to the door.
Dean’s cheeks were stained red. He seemed to be at a loss for words.
Then despite himself, Cas yawned.  He looked at the time.  It was barely 8pm.  He looked again at Dean.  Might as well join him.  Cas sat down and draped the blanket over himself as well.
The answer was not a straightforward one, mostly because Dean was lying out of his ass. He took a sip of water to stall. “Well,” he said, wiping his mouth with his napkin. “I… work in sci-fi, mostly.”
In love.  Because Dean
“Oh.  She is pretty, I suppose.”
Later on, in the parking lot, with Jack asleep in his car seat and buckled safely in the back seat of the Impala, Cas turned to Dean, who had his arm around Cas’s waist.
Dean’s hand skates over his eyes.  “Fuck.”
“That’s what I’m known for,” Dean said smoothly.  He hung up his coat.
Dean’s slack-jawed look from the night before returned. “What?”
“The sink,” Cas confirms sweetly.  “When are you going to take care of it, by the way?”
“It’s a vacation if I’m spending it with the people I care about,” Cas corrected. “And luckily for you, you count.”
Dean put a hand to his forehead in disbelief. “Was I dreaming, or did we not spent the whole of yesterday together? I’m
Let me not mar that perfect dream
“Bye, Sam,” interrupted Cas. He ended the call, then gave Dean the firmest look he could manage, though he knew it was softened by affection. “Dean, you need to sleep.”
“I called him.  You hadn’t called, so I… wanted to know what was going on.”
of Cas’s hair. “Just fixin’ it,” he says, but despite that, he leaves his hand there, right there, right where he’s wanted it to be for ages - just resting on the side of Cas’s face, brushing Cas’s right ear, barely even in his hair anymore, but steady, steady.
Dean motioned to the phone, raising an eyebrow at Cas. “Last I could tell, he was up 75 points.”
his favorite TV drama
Winchester Bakery was a hit almost immediately.
that Dean latches on to.  He touches Cas’s shoulder, then drags his hand down Cas’s back, which is covered in Dean’s shirt even though Cas’s own closet was literally ten feet away.  “I’ll teach you,” he says.
“I get it, boy,” Bobby said.  “Still doesn’t mean he wasn’t your best friend.  Those feelings won’t go away no matter how you try.”
“Like I said: chillax,” Dean replied. He squeezed Cas’s hand.
He’d been surprised to hear a smile in Dean’s voice too.  “G’night, Cas.”
There was a key in Cas’s pocket that Dean had expected him to use “just because,” and Cas had only used it when he had no other choice. Cas had been so careful with Dean, and he’d been proud of himself for that, but maybe he’d been too careful. Maybe
Cas is swirling his eggs around on the plate now, leaving trails behind in the ketchup.  He’s watching his fork with a contemplative frown.  “You put me at ease,” he eventually says.  “When I met you, I was working 14 hours a day, convinced that business was all I was good at.  I didn’t bother with relationships.”  When he looks at Dean, his eyes are warm.  “You reminded me that not everyone is my father, who demanded 110% all the time.”
“I am,” Cas said, seating himself at Dean’s dining table. Then, casually: “Because I quit my job.”
Dean shrugged, nonchalant, looking over at the bed. “You still got the key. We have time.”
Cas couldn’t believe his ears.  “Please,” he said.  “I don’t want to assume anything - “
Dean’s smirk was slow to appear, but appear it did.  “Hey, Cas.”
“Mr. PhD agreeing with little old me?”
Dean’s smile was small, but it was there. “Got it,” he said.
Bobby’s answer took a second longer than it should have.  “I’m not.  I know what you’re trying to do, is all.”
Four beats. Quiet.  Then, “Say again?”
Cas stopped him with a hand to his elbow. “I’ll be here, then.” Dean’s skin was freezing; Cas gripped a little tighter.
His eyes adjust.  He looks more closely.  And he notices that the door is open.  Dean stares.  His door is never open.  He shoves down the hope threatening to spill over.
“That’s why I was upset at the park.  You didn’t know.  She didn’t really know.  We had a nice, long…
e to be… like we were before.”
Gilda’s smile was affectionate.  “You’re not interested in me, Dean,” she said.
Cas raises an eyebrow.  “The dog.”
Cas has spent the last 45 minutes watching Dean’s hands under the guise of health and hygiene.  “I’m getting used to it,” he says.
Cas was starting to get it. He chose his next words carefully. “If you’re uncomfortable with the concept of being engaged to me, however—”
Sam sighed, and it reminded Dean so much of Cas that his heart started to ache a little bit.  “Alright,” Sam said, “Tell me everything.”
His party was tucked into a dark corner which, while he was thankful not to be in the middle of the room, did not make him feel like any less of a creep.  The semicircular booth they were squeezed into was at least cool.  Dean took the space next to Sam rather than Cas and ignored the stare that Cas sent him over the table between them.  Daphne was sitting next to him and Dean couldn’t - he just couldn’t look at them.
Charlie’s apartment was a decent size for a young lady, located in a neighborhood that she shouldn’t have been able to afford - but she was good at what she did and she was paid well for it because she made sure that her bosses knew that no one could match her talents.  Charlie was charming, but even more so than that, she was shrewd.  Dean was so proud of her.
Cas raised his head to scowl at Dean.  “You talk too much.”
The indignity of Charlie getting laid while Dean definitely wasn’t, was lessened by the fact that in all honesty, she deserved it.
“I’ll come by with breakfast,” Cas said, and even to his own ears, he sounded lovelorn. “Provided you wake up at an appropriate time for breakfast.”
Cas tore his eyes away from Dean’s gaze.  He shut the folder in front of him and put his pen away.
“That’s a big move,” Dean said, approaching the dining table.
Dean fiddled with his straw. “Whose?”
“So you broke into her office to find…?”
All throughout this exchange, the rest of the group had been murmuring softly against the backdrop of barking dogs and children yelling in the distance.  Dean had assumed they’d been giving him and Gilda some space, but once he’d dropped Gilda’s hand and they both looked around, he noticed two of the group missing.
It occurred to Dean all at once that he’d fucked up more than he thought he had. Dean had fucked up bad.
“Surprise,” Dean said grudgingly, as a chorus of excited shouts emerged from the house. Inside, Kaia had gathered a few of Claire’s friends and put up decorations. “Don’t trash our house, please.”
Dean swayed a little more, causing Cas to bump painfully into a table with a muttered expletive. Pulling Dean tighter to his side, Cas replied, “First of all, I’m the dumbass you’re talking about because this is my apartment. Second of all, it’s still January.”
“You brought something,” Cas accused.  He stepped aside from the door and frowned at Dean, even though it was Christmas Eve and Dean smelled divine.
“That’s not how mortgages work, Dean,” Cas said, though he did concede some of Dean’s points with a sip of his beer.
Cas has shifted his attention back to the coffee.  “Thank you,” he says, but his tone lacks bite without caffeine.
And Cas wasn’t going to ask him to. He and Dean had been dancing around the truth for a while, and the truth was that neither of them had given up on the possibility of a happy ending, though they had both agreed to walk away.
“Because you’re in my bed.”
Daphne looked at Cas.  Cas looked at Dean.  Dean looked at his shoes.
Cas’s hand found its way to Dean’s jaw.  Dean tried to stifle a shiver, but he knew he failed when he saw Cas’s lips twitch upward.  That’s when Cas leaned in.  Dean leaned in too.
Cas stepped away to let Dean through.
Dean picked out a bookmark for Eileen and added it to the small stack of books he was carrying.
After the final whistle, Dean jogs to Cas, whose hands are clutching at his hair in disbelief.  Dean puts his hands around Cas’s face, forcing Cas to look at him.  “You okay?”
Claire shrugged. She looked satisfied with herself.
“I know you’re naturally a friendly guy, so maybe what you and Gilda were doing was completely innocent.  But uh - I think you should know that it was a little upsetting to see you and her talking like that.  I know we haven’t established - “
They’d met four years before through Eileen. She and Cas had gone to school together, and when Cas had first moved to the city, he’d ended up running into her and Sam at a cooking class. It had been the couple’s third date. Sam, probably wanting to make a good impression, had invited Cas to his birthday barbecue, and Cas, not wanting to appear rude, had accepted.
“You okay?” Dean breathed.
“Smart man.”
Dean had given Cas the manuscript in the hopes that it would be explanation enough. He never intended to admit to anything out loud. “I mean, it’s pretty obvious, isn’t it?”
A pause.  “I have company coming over in a bit, actually…”
Oh, my God.”
He risked it all one day, however, to introduce Cas to
“What?” Dean asked, a little startled.  “What does that have to do with me?”
me to make it?”
The typing stopped for a moment, just long enough for Cas to say, “You and I always seem to have different opinions about what constitutes ‘good news.’”
“Like the shit they do on the daily, y’know? If they can con their parents into letting them have candy for breakfast. Or sneaking down at midnight to have some ice cream. Or building a pillow fort. Or stickers. Or farts.”
“Jackass,” Dean said, grinning.  “Throwing me out into the cold on new year’s eve.”
“I see,” Cas said, examining Dean’s face. He frowned. “Have I made you uncomfortable?”
Dean couldn’t figure out why Cas was acting so strangely, but he decided not to ask. He walked to the fridge and drew out two beers. “Looks like we have something to celebrate tonight, then,” he said, as he popped them open. He handed one to Cas. “What’s your next move?”
“That’s a yes.”
Cas felt his lips press together tightly.  He swallowed a lump that had formed in his throat - the smallest concession to a life he once lived.  “Of course, Director.”
They kissed again for a handful of minutes, their champagne mugs all but forgotten.
Sam threw his head back in laughter while Dean rolled his eyes. Eventually he handed over the bowl of brocolli to Cas with a sarcastic, “Here,
Dean wasn’t able to formulate a quick enough response to that, but a sticker on the car he assumed was hers gave him a smooth segue.  “I like Hermione too.”
Dean could feel his smile grow a little brittle, but he cleared his throat and thought back.  “Uh - 15, 16 years?  I was a senior in high school, finally moved back in with my mom and found a high school that would accept my credits.  Cas was one of the few people who wanted to talk to me.”
Dean stacked the six-packs in his arms and began the short walk to the porch.  The house was a small one.  There were only two bedrooms, both upstairs, but the property at least had a backyard, which had been high on Sam and Eileen’s list of priorities.  It wasn’t their dream house, but it was perfect for the time being, and Dean had to admit that Sammy was doing a pretty good job with repairs.
Cas waved.
Willow licked Dean’s chin.  “Your mommy’s keeping your daddy busy, isn’t she?” he asked her.  His nose wrinkled.  “No time to give you a bath, I’m guessing.”
Dean shrugged. His gaze—wide, green, a little scared—met Cas’s eyes and begged. “What if I just want you?”
She shook her head, disbelieving.  “I don’t understand.”
Dean rubbed a hand over his chin. His throat bobbed. “Well,” he said. “I—I’m not sure how much you think you’ll be making—”
Dean’s disappointment was lessened by the fact that Jack quickly became just as attached to Dean as he was to his foster dad, so if Dean spent a few days a week at Cas’s place to “help out with the baby,” no one questioned his motives.
There was a manuscript of love poems lying open on the table, so Dean figured it was pretty obvious - but he said it anyway, because Cas had only ever wanted the truth, and this was the biggest truth of them all: “I love you.”
Dean was secretly thrilled with the way Cas’s mouth pinched.  He knew he shouldn’t like riling up Cas so much, but there was something about breaking Cas’s usually stoic expression that was addictive.
Cas hadn’t seen him smile in years.  He felt his eyes start to sting.  He looked away.
Gilda reached across Aaron to touch Dean on the arm.  “Dean,” she said, “Thank you for the drink.  I’ll see you both later.”
The pair left, biting down on giddy smiles. Dean watched as they did, his smile slipping into a frown, then wordlessly he took his empty tray into the back, leaving Cas and Claire in an otherwise empty shopfront.
Dean broke eye contact to make a face at her.
He didn’t know what this meant, but he was willing to bet that very few people would leave their families on a whim just to see their best friend 1500 miles away.  He’d never let himself believe that Dean might return his feelings - not because there weren’t signs, but because it was simply too good to be true.  To love Dean and to be loved back by Dean?  Cas’s life couldn’t possibly be so good.
Move-in day (more like move-in week) was stressful, but having Dean there made it bearable.
“Only toddlers argue they don’t need naptime, so I think you qualify.”
Cas’s voice, when it eventually comes, is remarkably steady and reminds Dean of how much
A pair of young ladies in the shop purchased a dozen donuts. As they were leaving, one blinked demurely at Cas. “Are you a Winchester too?” she asked. Her hair was carefully curled, pinned back to expose a delicate ear.
Cas swallowed.  Dean watched his eyes dance between his own.  Finally Cas said, “Yes.  You asshole, you know it’s a yes.”
Dean shook his head and sniffed, laughed through the tears when Cas’s mouth opened again to speak.  “Stop,” Dean said.  “You’re repeating yourself.”
“Depends what you mean by bad,” Cas replied.  “He’s helped us close a lot of cases.  But… you know he’s still a felon, right?”
Bobby wiped egg from his mouth.  “Yeah.  Been fishing a lot.”
Cas had never said it out loud before, but the light from the flickering street lamp drew his attention to the downturn of Dean’s mouth. So he said it. “I’m asexual.”
“Are you feeling okay?” Cas asks.  There’s a slight tremor in his voice.  His eyes dance between Dean’s, but then they dip to Dean’s lips, and suddenly Dean knows: this is it, this is the one place, one time, one universe, one dream in which he can get it right.
His floor wasn’t completely empty because the FBI offices were never empty.  A few of his coworkers were working a case overnight a few desks away.  He greeted them with a wave and settled down at his computer.  The buzzing in his head lessened as he answered his emails, but his fingers still itched.
Charlie had been quiet, but she was suddenly animated once more.  “If all of us are going, I’m definitely in too.”
Claire held up her hands. “I’m behaving—I’m just surprised that
was something that Cas had always dreamed of. For years now he’d wished for it: having a porch swing, a garage for his car, a backyard big enough for a dog.
“We can’t be together 24/7,” Cas said quietly.  “Your family needed you.”
Cas’s eyes were slipping closed, and he seemed to be giving into the temptation of sleeping on the couch because he grabbed a spare cushion and hugged it to his chest, letting his chin fall forward. “Only if you promise to make pancakes in the morning,” he mumbled.
made Dean’s throat go dry.  “Oh.”
Eventually Dean decided to go the safe route.  The night before their family picnic, he sent a text to his best friend:
“What are you...doing here?” Cas couldn’t quite believe that Dean was standing in front of him.
When he turns around to slide the plate in front of Cas, he almost loses balance.  He grips the table, feels the reassuring woodgrain under his fingers, and takes a seat across from Cas.  “Eat up,” he says.
“My name is Castiel” was the reply. “But Cas is preferable.”
Cas just smiled.  He seemed at peace there in Sam and Eileen’s backyard, letting a puppy steadily chew off his hand.  He could picture Cas in a place like this and hoped Cas would get there one day.
Cas had known it was coming, but still the words said out loud took his breath away. He forgot every word in the language, pinned under Dean’s heavy, expectant gaze - a gaze that was becoming more and more anxious the longer Cas didn’t respond. So Cas did what he could: he reached out a hand and hauled himself closer to Dean by the lapel of that damned coat.  Under his fingers the fabric was thick, scratchy, and wet with snow, but still Cas held on.
“Feels like it’s been a while, boy,” Bobby said, looking at him through critical eyes.  “You lose weight?  You seem tense.”
Dean snorted. “Oh, bodily fluids. Keep talking dirty to me.” He shifted onto his side and breathed deeply. His eyes were still closed. “Also, bud, if you’re going to watch me sleep the whole time, you might as well get in the bed.”
“It was a nice dream,” Dean had said, a little wistfully. Then he had looked at Cas like he did whenever Cas brought him coffee in bed: lovesick, indulgent, grateful.
Usually Dean was on board with a beer or two, but in this situation? With Cas in a navy blue sweater that brought out his eyes and the smell of Christmas in the air? “I don’t think that’s a good idea, Cas.”
“What’s on the agenda tonight?” Cas asked. He must have just come from work because he still had a tie on. He loosened it as he walked to Dean’s couch.
The restlessness that had been simmering underneath Dean’s skin for the whole evening gave way to disbelief. There was no way -
Dean felt none of those things.  He felt, instead, a sense of horrible hopelessness descending on him, and he suddenly understood one thing very clearly: he’d been arguing against Daphne’s presence in Cas’s life as if he were afraid she might leave him again when, in reality, all he
“What was that?”
Dean searched Cas’s eyes.  “I dunno how to - is it okay - “ He closed his eyes and took a deep breath before trying again.  “Cas, can I kiss you?”
The thought of being around Cas during Christmas season made Dean’s stomach flip. His throat was still dry. He resumed his search for a glass with newfound motivation.
Dean’s heart had sunk with every new word that came out of Charlie’s mouth.  Cas had been staying with Sam, and Sam hadn’t said a word?  And Cas was still visiting Daphne?  One of the few ideas that had comforted Dean about this trip of Cas’s was that he was supposed to be
Dean didn’t even deny it.  He nodded and didn’t bother to stifle the tremble of his smile.   “I thought you were going to tell me you were back together with Daphne.”
Cas remained seated at Dean’s dining table. Dean walked away, toward his bedroom, his hand white-knuckled on the doorknob. Then he pulled the door shut, stopping just short of closing it completely. A sliver of light crept through the gap.
from his phone. Cas checked his messages.
Cas didn’t know who called out, but he was glad it didn’t have to be him.  Guns drawn, he and the agents rose from where they had been waiting and approached the pair, who had immediately put their hands up when they heard the command.  Dean had pushed his companion behind him when he saw the guns.  Whoever it was could barely be seen behind Dean’s torso.
Horrifyingly, Dean felt his own eyes begin to sting. “Me, too.”
Dean seated himself and put his head in his hands. “Some bachelor party that was,” he snorted.
Cas walked away.
How, he asked himself (and not for the first time), could he have let it get this far? He’d known there was no future between him and Dean, and yet he’d foolishly entertained the notion of a relationship. It had only taken a half-hour car ride for Cas to give in, and now Dean was likely getting ready for their date and Cas was staring at his palms trying to figure out how he was ever going to gather the nerve to disappoint Dean.
Dean’s laugh was sudden and dark.  “A conflict of interest - you mean like pairing
“You’re the one hanging out with the hermit,” Cas said blithely, not even looking up from his laptop screen.  “In the hermit’s apartment.”
Half the trouble of stringing the lights on a Christmas tree was
The redhead stared, shocked.  “What does that have to do with anything?”  She brandished her fist at him.  “Leave me alone!”
Cas was approaching with Jack, so Dean didn’t respond.
Dean was appeased. He tossed the stress ball once again and caught it, a satisfied half-grin on his face. “Hey, Cas. Thanks for coming.”
After, they slept.  Then Cas woke Dean up in the middle of the night and told him, in very direct terms, that Dean needed to call in tomorrow because Cas had some very specific plans.  Most of the plans involved staying in bed and decidedly
“I know that,” Cas replied dryly. (And how
The hands at Dean’s elbows tightened again. “Tell me,” Cas said, his eyes growing worried. He stepped closer, studying Dean’s face.
“I gave you a key six months ago before I even thought this could happen,” Dean said. He was smiling. He was so beautiful. “I’d ‘let’ you do anything.”
Cas moved near him.  His arm brushed Dean’s as he started straightening the papers.  “The three weeks away were productive,” he said.
“I wanted to talk to you,” Cas said softly.
there?”
They went into the house and started getting ready for bed.  Dean handed Cas a toothbrush still in its packaging, and later, when Cas had finished brushing his teeth, Dean stood and stared helplessly at the toothbrush leaning against his in the little mug by the tap, wondering if he’d ever get used to the sight.
Claire’s face was red. She lingered at the door, her throat moving. She looked apprehensively at Dean and Cas. “You did this?”
Dean’s lounging, one hand behind his head, watching the progress of Cas’s lips down his chest with lidded eyes.  “Wouldn’t love you if you did.”
Dean’s mouth went dry. Hands shaking, he shut the door behind him.
“Told you,” Sam muttered behind him.
The door opened.  Cas was on the other side of the threshold, staring at him.
Dean wants to laugh it off, especially because, to Dean, Cas has never been ‘just’ anything, not even ‘just’ a friend - but the sincerity in Cas’s voice stops him.  Cas is either snippy and sarcastic or completely too sincere - never anywhere in between - and Dean knows to appreciate the rare moments of sincerity.  He nudges his foot against Cas’s calf.  “I’m glad,” he murmurs.
It was empty.
“I’m not” is all Cas says.
“I’m not sure I’m allowed to say,” Cas said, staring at the surface of his coffee.  “I’m not sure I
All Dean could do was watch Cas walk away.  Dean’s vision blurred the farther Cas got, and it was only halfway to his own car that he realized he had hot tears on his cheeks.
“I hate this song,” Dean said happily.  “I hate that I love it.”
“Just a week,” Dean says.  “She’ll want to see you.”
He rode the elevator one floor up.  The door’s slid open to a dim hallway.  There was some light, however, emanating from underneath the door to the director’s office.  Someone was in there, and that someone hadn’t bothered to turn on any other lights on the floor.  Cas drew his gun.
walking between them and leaning over Dean in the next second.
“Uhuh,” Cas said.
But upon seeing Dean for the first time in two years, Cas had to admit that no amount of time or training could have prepared him for this moment: the reunion between Castiel Novak and Dean Winchester, the partnership that should have been, but never was.
“Who says I’m taking it seriously?” Dean asks.  “Kisses don’t have to be serious.” His grin is wide, and Cas is taken in by it like he always is when Dean’s happiness lights up his eyes.
“So that’s a no.”
Afterward, they ate lunch, feet tangled together under their dining table. Cas smiled as he ate, alternating between smug - “I should have invited you for a nap sooner” - and affectionate - “I’d like to spend the day together tomorrow, if you’re up for it.”
Dean gave her a crooked smile.  “Always, gorgeous.”
is the only thing that exists.
The next day Cas lets Dean take clippers to his hair. It’s gotten out of hand, he says, but mostly he wants to feel Dean’s hands again.  Dean turns on the clippers and Cas watches him in the mirror.
“Anyway,” Claire said, returning to her phone. “Can I take off a few hours early today?”
“Dean.  Why am I not surprised?”  Amara’s voice was glacial.  “To think we were getting along so well.”
,’” he recited. “Why is the sky falling?”
Cas nodded, his hands locked together on the table like he was at a job interview. “I’ve got enough to sustain me through a pretty lengthy job search. My accounts are still paying dividends, too, so I’m not completely without income.”
“For two guys who don’t really do Christmas, we did pretty well.”
Cas’s hair isn’t behaving.  He opens his bathroom door and shouts down the hallway.  “You don’t care what your coworkers think anyway!”
Dean let go of the handle.  “Yeah?”  For one moment he was mortified by the eagerness in his voice, but Cas’s eyes were dipping down to his lips and honestly?  Fuck it.  He wasn’t the only eager one between them.
Cas puts his phone down and doesn’t reply.  He indulges in two glasses of wine.
“I didn’t technically ask you,” Dean said, grinning.  “I said I’d propose, but I didn’t actually propose.”
Claire made a gagging noise behind a hand. “Seriously, I’m going to tell Jody you’re exposing me to inappropriate behavior.”
Cas turned his head upward to the sun, closing his eyes against its glare.  This time, when he sighed, it was happy.  “I’m very happy for him,” he said.
Cas shook his head. “No, just some poetry.”
“It was the last they had,” Cas said, lifting the lid of the box in his hands to reveal Dean’s favorite apple pie.  “I got lucky.”
Dean had already come to terms with his feelings for his best friend.  That had been the easy part.  The next part - accepting that Cas might very well come back hand-in-hand with Daphne - had been heart-wrenching.  It had taken quite a few beers to even begin wrapping his head around it, and even more to admit that Cas’s happiness was more important to him than his own.  But he’d done it.  And he was ready to see his best friend and accept whatever choice Cas had made.  But Cas, apparently, was not ready to see Dean.
Cas hadn’t asked why, occupied with caressing the frown lines at the side of Dean’s mouth. “Okay,” he’d just said. “I’ll be here when you are.”
Dean stared at her.  Finally, he nodded.  He sat back down, and those remaining descended into an uncomfortable silence.
Cas had once said.
Cas dug around in a drawer and put another bottle in front of Dean. “Am I your pharmacist on top of your chef now?”
Later, after lunch and dinner and more than a few drinks in between, Dean and Cas made their way to Dean’s home.  The conversation trailed off the closer they got to Dean’s neighborhood, and by the time they were two streets down, Dean could practically feel the anxiety buzzing off of Cas in the front seat.  When he pulled into the garage and shut off the engine, the silence was awkward.  Despite having basically proposed to Cas already, neither knew how to repave the road they’d already walked as best friends.
“The puppy’s sick.  Eileen had some bad takeout and Willow must have gotten into it from the trash.  Just got back from the vet and they’re gonna keep her overnight just to watch her.”
A tense moment passes.  There’s still enough space for either one of them to laugh it off, but then Cas reaches out to touch Dean’s face.  He watches for a reaction, for some sign of disgust or hesitation, but all he sees is surprise, a touch of awe, and when he feels Dean’s hand fall lightly to his waist, Cas takes that as a sign to lean forward.
the sleep-deprived dick in this scenario?” Dean rasped, having lifted the pillow from off of his face to glare at Cas in the doorway.
His eyes snapped open and met Dean’s amused ones.  “Do you normally try to attack your guests after they’ve fallen asleep?” Dean asked.  Cas’s hand had made contact with Dean’s chest, and Dean had caught Cas’s hand and hadn’t let go.
“I’m trying to be romantic, Cas,” Dean snapped over his shoulder.
Dean swallowed down his terror. He walked to the door, hands shaking. “If you’re not here when I get back... I get it,” he said.
“Are you taking me to Charlie?” Dean asked, more just to break the silence than for the answer.
“It hasn’t,” Dean said, looking up at Cas through his eyelashes as he placed some toast down. “This is for you.”
Cas dropped his hand from where it covered Dean’s so he could reach forward and touch Dean’s jaw. The other came to rest on Dean’s chest, where Cas could feel Dean’s pulse thrum, even though his shirt. “You want me here? I’ll be here,” Cas repeated. Then he added, “For as long as you want.”
The realtor looked at her phone and excused herself. “Take your time,” she called over her shoulder.
“You gonna grab a few more hours of sleep?” Cas asked, wiping crumbs off his chin.
Dean doesn’t bother arguing.  He played for the full 90, and the emotional toll of the loss is just now sinking in.  “I’m ready to go to bed,” he says, his voice raw.
He catches Dean’s eye.  Dean has been staring.
Dean almost laughed. Incredulous, he asked, “What? Who, me?”
Cas’s laugh was bitter.  “Yes, please continue being smug about the information you learned
Dean’s quiet. Cas hears him take another swig of his beer as he leans down to try to rinse out his eyes.  When he straightens, he feels Dean pushing a towel into his hand.
Sam had returned to his work, staring very intently at his monitor. He made a big show of putting his earbuds back into his ears and hitting the space bar to unpause his music.
Dean stared at him.  Then he looked back down at his empty plate.  “Didn’t you say you were going to serve me?”
“Must be another blown transformer,” Cas murmured.
When Cas came, it was with a long groan that he tried to muffle in Dean’s neck.  Dean let him control the pace as he rode through orgasm, enjoying the way Cas’s hand clenched around his, how Cas demanded his pleasure and trusted Dean to give it.
as in Aaron and Dean taking one car when they really should have been taking two separate cars this whole time.
“Nursing a hangover or what, bud?” Dean asked.  He sounded tired but happy.
and Dean won’t have to deal with
choice, because despite knowing Cas would probably be a smug bastard, Cas would also know what to say to make Dean feel at least a little bit better.
Cas didn’t turn around.  He didn’t answer either.
But then the bedroom door opened and Dean shuffled into the kitchen, squinting against the late morning sunlight, and Cas had to swallow down the yearning all over again.
After a while, Dean tried a different tack.
“You were scaring her to death, you idiot,” Dean hissed.
“Yeah, call you la’er.”
She shrugged.  “I was dramatic,” she said.  “I’m sorry.  I didn’t mean - “
Cas covered his face with both of his hands.  “What possessed you to leave?” he asked.  He felt warm.  He felt frustrated.  He felt confused.  But mostly he couldn’t bear to look at Dean with the amount of gratitude welling up in his chest.
“You could have it too,” Cas pointed out, though it hurt to say - and it was true. Dean had come close to the picket-fence ideal a few times in their ten-year-long friendship, but Dean had never quite allowed his relationships to progress far enough for down payments on a mortgage. “You have the money, and it’s not as if there’s a shortage of people willing to date you.”
Cas caught Dean looking back at the Impala and found he couldn’t bear the thought of Dean leaving, of being apart from all the future versions of Dean there would be, even for a day.  He reached out and touched Dean’s face.  “You’re flushed,” he said.
Dean ran a hand over his chin, then cleared his throat. “Good for you, man. I think you’d be a good dad.”
Dean’s hands came up to Cas’s ribs.  They were gentle, tentative.  “Maybe I did it on purpose.”
Dean felt the flutter of Cas’s eyelashes against his neck. “I love you,” Cas said. “Can’t remember a time I haven’t.”
“Wow” was all Dean said.  “I guess I really did scare him away, didn’t I?”
did pretty well.”  Cas dared to reach up and touch Dean’s cheek, rewarded when Dean’s face flushed a little pinker.
Dean disagreed, but there was no reason to say that. “Yeah, I dunno, poetry’s not my cup of tea.”
“I - do you not consider yourself part of my future?” Cas wondered how a conversation could feel like a breakup when there was no relationship involved to break up.
Dean nodded.  He picked up a paper that Cas dropped and admired the sketch on it.  Cas had always been a decent artist, though he never admitted it.  “Damn,” Dean said in admiration.  The character on the paper was dark-haired with freckles scattered across his nose.  He was sitting on a hill with his head tilted up to the sun.  “Who’s this babe?”
“You left your scotch whiskey here.”  Cas stared at the glass on the table.  Behind it,
They stare at each other while the broadcast continues from the TV behind Cas.  He can see the light shifting on Dean’s throat when he swallows.
“Eager to ditch your best friend, huh?” Dean asked, trying not to sound wounded.  Judging by Cas’s frown, he’d failed.
Dean swallowed his terror and joined Cas at the dining table. He touched the manuscript and did his real penance: he told the truth. “This... is
But as they approached the corner of the parking garage that Dean had chosen, Cas prepared himself.  If he had to take a shot, he would take it, and any lingering feelings be damned; he needed to do his job.  Grief (for the Dean that stopped existing two years ago) would follow later, and so Cas would deal with it later.
Dean took hold of Cas’s elbows too, a reassurance that Cas was still there in front of him, still alive, still breathing. “Cas, you’re going to be kicking for a long time. Jack will have grandbabies before you check out.”
Dean had already started shedding his apron. “We can close the shop for a few hours,” he’d said, then on his way to hang up his apron, he’d stopped by Cas’s table to kiss him senseless.
for you - and all you say is, ‘I’m your ride’?”
“Put the phone away,” Dean finds himself saying.
In the end they leave only with words of thanks for the old lady and reassurances that Dean will get back to her.
A week later, the front door opens.  “Cas, we’re late!  Hurry up!”
“You don’t know kids then.”
The image lent him the courage to say what he’d been trying to say for the past three days. “You know the guest room is as good as yours, right? You can do what you like with it.”
Dean saw where this was going. He ducked his head again and, though he knew he’d regret it, begged shamelessly for Cas’s words: “Yeah? Then what is it?”
Dean had his hand cradling Cas’s face, and Cas still had to ask.  Dean skated a thumb over Cas’s bottom lip.  “Yeah, genius.”
did not get them married.”
“Yes,” Cas agreed, though his tone was preoccupied. “Fresh start.”
Then an agent called out, “Is that - Ernesto?”
, especially not when Dean was looking at Cas with soft eyes in the low light.
Cas’s blood had run cold. He’d wanted to ask why, but Dean’s gaze, the furrow of his brow, the downturn of his mouth, had been begging him not to. Instead, Cas had rallied through his own hurt to reassure Dean: “I don’t regret it.”
a Merry Christmas.”
She stuck her tongue out at him but straightened anyway.  “So how long have you known him?  He cute?”  She wiggled her eyebrows at him suggestively.
“Also, ref begs to differ,” Cas says, winking.  “No foul.”
Amara Shurley nodded at him.  “Special Agent Novak, this is the new assignment we spoke about.”  She looked at Dean, who bristled a little.
“You’re acting like you’ll be here in the morning.”
Bobby surveyed him with a narrow look, but he took the beer all the same.  “You’re new.”
sounded across the line, and Dean flinched. “The hell,” he said. “Celebrating the Fourth early or somethin’?”
Around them, other agents were processing the scene.  Dean doubtless needed to offer a statement, but nobody was approaching just yet.
Then, from the opposite side of the room, muffled - a
His doctor had strongly advised Cas to go home and rest rather than return to the office.  Cas had thanked him for the suggestion but refused; Cas needed to know what the hell kind of game Dean and Bobby had been playing for the past few years.  Bobby hadn’t answered his phone, and Cas hadn’t had the nerve to call Dean.  Even if he had called Dean, Cas thought, would Dean even answer?  What could they even
Cas licked his lips.  “You don’t have to,” he said softly, “if you don’t - if you’re not sure.”
“Then stop being one,” Cas said simply, adjusting the blankets around Dean a little more snugly.
“Will you at least have some eggs and toast?” Cas suggested.
Cas paused for a moment to take all that in.  “You found the evidence… And I tried to stop you.”
Dean took a moment to let that sink in.  Then he laughed.  “Cas,” he said, putting his mug down and putting his hand on Cas’s shoulder.  “
“You okay over there, dude?”
Cas tried to stomach the arrangement in the meantime.  He didn’t always need or want Dean (in contrast to when he’d
Cas sighed again, like kissing Dean was a chore.  By the time he leaned in, however, his hand was in Dean's and he was suppressing a smile.
“That was nearly two hours,” Cas said, after a heavy pause. His throat bobbed when Dean looked at him. “You said one.”
“Cas, I can’t do this right now,” he’d murmured in the scant space between their lips. “I’m sorry.”
“That’s perfect,” Cas said softly, expecting to feel guilt for the lie but instead all he felt was soft contentment, almost like it wasn’t a lie at all. “I’ll see you then, Dean.”
Dean opened one eye and looked at Cas suspiciously. “What does that mean?”
“Use the money for a wedding instead,” Eileen continued.
Dean stopped.  He took a deep breath.  “Is Eileen…?”  It couldn’t be possible.  It had only been a few weeks since the wedding; they’d have had no way of knowing.  Unless - “Sam, you sly son of a bitch.  What’ll Mom say?”
Cas rolled his eyes.  “I’m sleeping in, Dean; it’s not the end of the world.”
“Will do, Cas!” Sam called as Dean pulled away.  “Talk later!”
“What do you mean?” she asked, her expression instantly apprehensive. Dean took his hand back.
Cas heaved a huge sigh eventually. He stood up. Dean closed his eyes; they stung all of a sudden. He steeled himself for the sound of the door opening, then closing. He steeled himself for silence.
from his phone, still hidden in his desk drawer.
Setting up a gay man and a lesbian woman together?  Not seeing that the gay man had the hots for Dean himself?  “I
“Hey, it’s Christmas,” Dean whispered a few hours later - both still on the couch with rumpled sweaters and rucked-up hair.
Cas dug his nails into his palms. “You’re upset.”
“I’m sorry,” Cas said quickly.  “That wasn’t my intention.”  He closed his eyes.  “If it makes you feel any better, I think I’d miss you even if you were here.”
They arrived at Dean’s apartment building, and Cas yawned into a hand when he closed his door. “You can head up without me,” he said to Dean over the roof of the car. He dug his car keys out of his pocket and gestured to his car, a block away. “I think I’ll head home.”
Dean almost burst out laughing.  “What?  Cas, dude, that’s the most far-fetched thing anyone has ever said to me.”
Eventually he convinces himself to be brave.  To be brave like Cas is.  Like Cas
Cas stopped him with a hand to his shoulder. “I’m here, aren’t I?” he said. “I never left your side.”
Dean almost snorted.  Almost.  He stifled it.  To have “lost touch” was a very gracious way of putting “Dean stopped responding to my messages.”  Aaron was an okay guy, Dean supposed, but he was also very,
Sam came into view, looking at his phone. “Hey, Cas,” he said, barely looking up from the screen. Cas had the distinct impression he was trying to give Dean some privacy. “Ready, Dean?”
Cas bit down on a smile. Dean was outright grinning.
three people he’d misjudged, three people whose lives could have been forever changed for the worse if their own smarts hadn’t saved them.
“I didn’t say anything because - “
Aaron cleared his throat.  He was holding out a beer each for Dean and Bobby.  “Hi,” he said.
Which is how Dean acquired the little sister he never knew he wanted.  Charlie was Eileen’s old high school classmate.  The women had never been close, but when they had run into each other at a mall a few weeks back, Eileen had been so touched by Charlie’s heartfelt congratulations that she’d extended an invitation to the wedding.
her leaving.
Cas’s stomach sinks.  He thinks of his next words carefully as he turns on the tap and fills his glass.  “How’s it going?”
But Mary was determined not to answer.  “So I’ll see you next week Saturday, right?  We’ll make it a potluck, maybe grill some hot dogs.”
“I see,” Cas said quietly.  A twinge of pain made him wince.  Then he remembered that he hadn’t heard the most important part of the story, the reason he had a hole in his shoulder in the first place: “So how did you finally figure it out?”
He might as well have gotten down on one knee. Biting his tongue, Dean returned to the kitchen and resisted the urge to knock himself out with his cast-iron pan.
December arrived and Dean found himself alone on a Friday night for the first time in a few months.
“Great,” Dean said. He had to bite on his lip to keep himself from grinning any more widely, and that made Cas’s stomach flip. “Are you free tomorrow night?”
“Yeah, sure,” Dean said, snorting derisively.  “
“Of all the things to regret not saying, ‘Merry Christmas’ is hardly on my list, Dean.”
“Upset?” Gilda repeated.  “Why was she upset?”
“Doesn’t mean she doesn’t need a little help every now and then.”
Dean grinned and dropped the call.  “Hey, dude,” he said, once Cas got close enough.  “Merry Christmas.”
active online life, several video game tournament trophies on her walls, and two cats named Xena and Gabrielle.  She seemed content with her life.  But Dean couldn’t help but think she seemed a little lost at times.  A little lonely.
Cas never understood why Dean always sought his approval, but Cas was always glad to give it. It was easy when everything Dean did made Cas want to compose wedding vows.
The image of Cas holding up a bottle of Dean’s favorite brand of whiskey was going to be branded into Dean’s brain through to the new year. Dean gulped.
Cas could agree to all of those statements.  “Yes,” he said, a little slowly, confused.
“It’s something, alright,” Dean said, then signaled a bartender.
The doorbell rang.  Cas let Bobby in, and after a quick exchange of greetings, started on his way out the door.  He couldn’t resist, however, throwing one last remark at Dean over his shoulder: “I met him online, if you must know.”
Cas snatched his hand back. Suddenly wide awake, he cleared his throat. “Are you feeling any better?”
At that, there was such a long pause that Dean almost thought Cas left the room, but when Dean finally lifted his head from the couch arm to see what happened, he saw Cas, sitting on a kitchen stool, staring at the floor with red cheeks and a furrowed brow.  “I think it’s time you left, Dean.”
“So there’s your excuse.  You lost your phone and you don’t have his number anymore.”
Dean stared at him.  Cas could see his chest rising and falling.  After the third time, Dean murmured, “Not everything, Cas.”
“Brought you Christmas gifts,” Cas said, pulling things from his coat pockets. “Antacids and painkillers. I’ll make you some toast to go with it.”
you idiot.”
new,” she said, looking accusingly at Dean, then Cas.
It meant to hear Cas out when he needed to lighten his load, and to hope that the relief Cas would find in telling his secret would bind Dean’s heart tightly enough it would stop bleeding before Cas noticed.
The numbers on the invoices were indeed big, frightfully so, but Cas refused to feed Dean’s fears. “The best we can do right now is to make sure the opening’s successful. No use worrying about what’s already done. Let’s direct our attention to preparations instead.”
When the news breaks, Dean and Cas’s eyes connect over Cas’s tiny kitchen island.  Dean is standing over a pot of chili.  There’s an empty bowl in his hand.  Cas is perched on his secondhand stool with a chili stain on his collar.
A silence descended.  Willow gave up on wrestling the ball back to Dean and eventually made her way to the shade under his legs.  She was panting in the late spring warmth.  Dean admired the roundness of her stomach, and when she caught him looking at her she stood up and barked.  Her tail began to wag.
Cas opened one eye. He ran a hand down Dean’s arm. “Meant what?”
Cas remembered, alright. He shook his head, bemused. “I don’t recall you doing anything you need to apologize for.”
Dean called the next day like he said he would.  Cas was still in bed.
“I would have done anything for you,” Cas continued.  If he heard what Dean had to say, he would never be able to move past it.  Dean had always been the stop sign in the road, the one to pull Cas back and make him
more enthusiasm into that scene, Cas?”
Cas was shaking. Fumbling a little bit, frantic, he guided one of Dean’s hands up to his face. Dean’s hands were rough against Cas’s cheek, but it was that roughness - evidence of hard work and love and effort - that Cas had fallen in love with in the first place. He turned to kiss Dean’s palm despite the terror he felt that he might be misunderstanding. Against Dean’s skin, he said, “I get it,” and hoped he wasn’t lying.
“What, every Christmas we make out until we forget our names?”
He takes the spatula from Cas’s loose grip.  “They’re perfect,” he said again, “but they’re not edible.”  An itch takes residence in his throat.  He coughs.
“Not helping,” Dean said, then bit his tongue when he noticed Cas breaking away from Mary to approach him.
“My head’s killing me,” Dean groaned, pulling the blankets over his head. “Make sure Sam chooses a good picture of me for my funeral.”
Dean didn’t even bother arguing with the “idiocy” part because honestly, that part was true.  “Aaron thought we were dating.  Him and me.  Dating.  How big of an idiot does that make me, Cas?”
Cas shook himself out of his reverie a few seconds later, giving Dean a close-lipped smile. “I know you’re not a big poetry fan, but you should read it.”
“Did it work?”
Dean wants to say, but that seems like too much truth even for a dream.  He takes a long breath, counting the seconds on the inhale, then on the exhale.  “Yeah,” is all he says.
“It’s nothing huge,” Sam added quickly. “Just a housewarming party.”
Cas arches an eyebrow, and Dean likes it.  “Do you want me to remove it?” Cas asks, leaning in again, dragging his hand down to Dean’s waistband at an agonizingly slow pace.
When he was distracted by the opening theme song - he always sang along despite his insistence he didn’t know the words - Cas reached out silently with his beer bottle and touched the cold glass to Dean’s cheek.
“Hanging up - bye.”
“Sap,” Dean accused, but his cheeks were wonderfully pink.  “Anyway, I should still call and wish them a happy new year.”
Dean looked up from the step, brows furrowing.  Fred from across the street waved at him.  Dean lifted a hand automatically, but his head was elsewhere.  “About Cas,” he repeated.  “What about him?”  He would feel his ears getting hot in anger toward Daphne, even though he knew he shouldn’t jump to conclusions.
“My answer’s the same.”
Dean heard Sam’s voice from the kitchen.  “Hey, Dean, come in!  Sorry, we’re trying to calm Willow down!”
“An understatement,” Dean said, then exchanged a few bills for the two drinks the bartender slid toward them.
“Are you staying over?” Dean said quietly, staring straight ahead at the garage wall.
Cas looked at Dean from across the apartment. There was dawning glee in his eyes as he realized his power. “
Sam nodded. It seemed like it should have been the end of the conversation, but Sam was still standing there, shifting from foot to foot.
Dean cleaned them up with his T-shirt, then ran his hands down Cas’s back.  “We - uh.  We gonna do that again sometime?”
Dear bared his back to the whip of Cas’s words. “Since we met.”
For the first time since the conversation started, Dean felt a smile tug at his lips.  Gilda would be perfect for cheering Charlie up.  “Sweetheart, that’s a great choice.  Let me get you her number.”
“What is it?” he asked, nervously uncapping and capping the pen in his hand. It was the end of the day, and he could feel his lower back protesting from being seated all day; he just wanted to go home and soak in a warm bath.
“You sure?” Dean gritted out, “There’s a lot of ways I can touch you, babe.”
Cas’s arms wrapped tight around Dean, his chin hooked over Dean’s shoulder. There was a telltale sniff at his ear, so Dean just held on tighter to his best friend.
“No, Cas,
Cas’s sweater, when Dean tugged it off him a few minutes later, was softer than it looked.
Dean’s ears burned in mortification.  He took Cas’s hand and held on.  “I was an asshole,” he said.  He kissed Cas’s knuckles.  “But it wasn’t your fault.  You’re the only one who keeps me in line.”
Cas looked up to stare incredulously at Dean’s profile. “Not to say that I wish you were ill more often, but allow me to repeat: I like taking care of you.”
“What’s wrong?” Dean asked, sobering up.
Dean’s ears burned at the hint.  “Seriously, mom?”
Cas was fidgeting with the comforter.  “Dean, you make me… restless.  I’ve never felt this way with anybody before.  Even before I understood my feelings for you, there’s always been this urge to… to touch you.  On your shoulder or your arm.  But lately... other... places.”
It had been a sweet proposal, if a little silly: Sam had gone to the bathroom, and in his absence Dean had taken to staring open-mouthed at Cas’s profile. It was then that he’d asked, in all his drunken courage,
“Let me say this, Cas,” he said earnestly. He scrubbed at his nose. “I mean, when you met me I was just a dumbass mechanic who’d just gotten his GED. You were,” he motioned to Cas in his button-down and business pants. “
Cas laughed.  The wine was making him feel light, and the sight of Dean happy and healthy in his home was making him feel even lighter.  “Thank you for coming, Dean,” he said, after the song ended and Dean’s head had lolled back onto the back of the couch.
Cas closed his eyes.  He felt his face heat.  He couldn’t find anything to say in reply.  “I - I don’t have anything prepared.”
“More or less.”
“What are you, too cool to come and greet me?”
Cas wakes up first.  He makes the coffee.  Then he skims through the news on his phone while he waits for Dean to wake up and start breakfast.  They didn’t plan the arrangement: it came about only because Cas never ate breakfast and Dean figured out very quickly that if he wanted food in the morning he’d have to make it himself.
“Really?” Dean asked.  “He called you?”
Dean didn’t plan on leaving Cas - ever. “I guess that could be your Christmas present.”
Dean dragged his hands over his face. “I mean I want you here
Cas blinks.  “Okay.  What should we talk about?”
but he was also a little offended. Dean had spent the hours before dinner pacing back and forth in his living room, frantically messaging Sam and then Charlie and even his mom for encouragement, and Cas couldn’t even spare a moment to even
Aaron paused.  “What?”
Once he walked in, she immediately took the beer from his hands, put it on the counter, then threw herself at his middle, squeezing until he felt himself wheeze.
Dean bristled a little bit.  “Can you not say it like that?  I got my badge back and everything, buddy.”
“You’re right,” Cas agreed. He raised an eyebrow at his husband. “But we have an order of cupcakes for that baby shower tomorrow.”
One morning, Dean approached Cas with powdered sugar on his chin.  He sat down in his usual chair in front of Cas’s desk and put his feet up on Cas’s paperwork.  Cas refused to take Dean’s bait.  He turned to his computer screen instead.
So before he could reconsider, Cas stood and walked to Dean’s door. He didn’t bother knocking before pulling it open.
A few minutes later, Dean opened the doors and greeted the customers who were waiting outside. There were fewer people coming in, now that the initial excitement around opening had died, but those who did come in were buying larger orders, assured of the quality from their first visit.
Cas’s bewilderment morphed easily into shock.  “Dean Winchester, you drove for 36 hours straight?”
“But you’re
“Hi, Dean.”
“Another one,” she said.  “I’m amazed my brother has the time.”
“Bad,” Dean admitted. He struggled to swallow his toast, wincing when he finally managed it. “My stomach’s worse though.” He touched a hand to his abdomen, bare under the blanket that was draped across his shoulders.
“The hell?  Sammy, I am up to here with all these goddamn secrets.  What the hell do you know that I don’t?”
Dean’s hand snuck around to rest on Cas’s lower back.  Cas couldn’t keep the grin off his face.
“Just chilling.  Chatting with my friends.  You know how I do.”
“Did I really just go straight home after a bad day?” Cas mused out loud. He wrapped his palms around the mug and stared into it. “I’m not sure I could ever go back to that.”
Cas was smiling again. “Reminds me of Campbell’s poem. ‘
But Cas had stopped touching, so Dean pulled his fingers back into his palms and put them back onto his lap, trying to ignore the one part of him that was aching for more.  Cas’s eyes were wild and dark, but he moved slowly, carefully.  He leaned forward and let his forehead fall onto Dean’s shoulder again.  One arm came up over Dean’s other shoulder to pull Dean even closer by the hair.  It hurt a little, but Dean felt Cas’s breath on his neck again, unsteady, and the pain paled in comparison to the knowledge that Cas was his,
The response takes so long Cas thinks Dean must have forgotten about the party altogether.  “I like the sound of that, too,” Dean eventually says.  His hands are making their way under Cas’s sweater.
Dean, however, seemed to know exactly what to say: “Can I see you again?” He said this quietly, hopefully. He was looking straight at Cas, too, with his palms flat against his thighs.
he messaged her.
Dean’s eyelids are half-lidded now.
“And you’re a shit striker.”
“The couch.”
Cas opened his mouth, brow furrowed, heart hurting not for himself but for Dean - but Dean held up a palm.
Dean sent him an unimpressed look.  “You gonna start bragging about your kissing skills now?”
Dean couldn’t stop grinning, amazed at this creature who knew him better than he did himself at the moment.  “You’re something else,” he replied.
Dean stood up and took Cas’s plate. “If you think I mind having you around, you haven’t been paying attention.” He was turning away, but Cas saw the flush creeping up his cheeks.
Only when Dean finished did Cas sit back. His sky-blue eyes were dark, his breathing unsteady. “When I told you to try your hand at poetry, I didn’t think - “
“Well, I got them here, didn’t I?”
“What?” Dean asked suspiciously.
Cas opened the fridge to show Dean the contents.  “I’m chilling some wine.”  He rolled his eyes at Dean’s expression.  “You’ll live without a glass of scotch, Dean.”
In the end the ref has to separate them; no cards are shown, but neither of them talks to the other for two weeks.
was for her to leave him again.  He’d been acting so stonily toward her not in expectation of her leaving, but to
Cas laughed, his breath warm against Dean’s shoulder. His hand was a brand against Dean’s back. “I didn’t think it was possible for someone to hug so resentfully.”
In the silence of the kitchen, the words sound absurd.  Cas’s lack of response solidifies Dean’s embarrassment and it becomes alive, a wriggling thing under his skin that he’s desperate to get out.
“You’re crazy,” Cas simply replied.  He was trying to shake off the shock, but the portion of scotch whiskey he’d had was making it difficult.
“Jesus.  What time is it over there?  Cas, it’s 1pm.  Get out of bed.”
“Every single time,” Dean says. Cas’s eyes are barely open so he can’t see Dean’s expression, but he can hear the traces of affection in his voice. “Go faster next time.”
Dean had a different view, however.
“Charlie, it’s me!” he said.  “Can we talk?”
Dean’s throat feels like it might close up from the shock.  “Oh.”
“What, and miss Gilda?”
The apartment building is nice but painfully far from Cas’s.  After almost three months of living with Dean, the concept of having him almost an hour away makes Cas feel sick.
Dean’s stomach turned a little bit. “You thinkin’ about kids all of a sudden?”
Dean took a long, long draft of his beer as he watched Daphne reacquaint herself with the people she’d almost called family two years ago.  “I dunno, mom,” he said.  “I just hope he knows what he’s doing.”
“You’re hallucinating,” Cas said mildly, “You should go back to sleep.”
Eyes Like the Sky: A Poetry Collection
“You suggested we get married.”
“I want this to last, Dean,” Cas says, braver than he imagined he’d be having this conversation.
all of them heartfelt and warm and more genuine than Cas had ever expected on today of all days, cleaning up after Dean in the wake of a night’s worth of drinking - but then it all fell like a house of cards at the last second, and now there was a shut doorway and Dean and Cas on opposite sides of it.
“Maybe he’s loosened up,” Aaron said noncommittally.  “Anyhow, Charlie, uh, tell me about yourself.”
Dean closed his eyes. “You don’t know what you’re saying.”
In mid-December, Gabe hangs a sprig of mistletoe in Cas’s foyer.  Cas, resisting the temptation to strangle his brother, snaps a picture and sends it to Dean.
“What?”
Dean looked at Cas over Eileen’s head.  She couldn’t hear him, but what he said next was for Cas anyway: “I did, didn’t I?”
“You joined me, didn’t you?  Must not have been too bad of an idea.”
They didn’t talk much, but Cas was comfortable. He liked this: sitting by Dean in a moment of peace and contentment. If he let himself, he could picture it for himself for a long while to come.
Cas watches as Dean drags a box from underneath the coffee table and opens it.  The sound of the cardboard is comforting in the silence.
The smile on Dean’s face turned into a wince.  “He - Mom, I brought him so I could set him up with Charlie.  I was never interested in him.”
He approached the door.  Should he knock?  Or should he try the door and risk the director’s wrath if it opened and she was there?  He was in the middle of reaching for the doorknob when it opened.
Dean had said,
“You’ll catch up eventually, Dean.”
“I’m so sorry,” Dean breathes.  He looks to the hallway, toward the sound that brought him out of the dream - the dream that was never a dream in the first place.  Then he looks back at Cas and backs out of the room despite the way his stomach drops when he sees Cas’s confusion.  “I’m sorry,” he says again, then turns away to flee into his bedroom.
Dean barely felt the pain past the difficulty he had processing her words.  “You’re...gay.”  He brought his hand up to his arm as an afterthought.  “You’re gay?”
Cas took a shaky breath. He cradled Dean’s face. “My love,” he murmured, eyes warm though they were still brimming with tears. “Love of my life.”
Cas smiled. He touched the fireplace too. “You’re welcome to sit in front of the fireplace any time, Dean.”
Dean isn’t ready for this part to end; he never imagined it would - but Cas would face it regardless.
Dean touched Cas’s face. “All of it.”
anymore.  “No idea.  Don’t even know if her folks are still around.  Didn’t ask.  Didn’t want to.”
Cas being with Daphne would be a problem with Dean.  Dean would spend every day wondering when Daphne would have to leave again, when Cas would fall apart again.  He might never be able to trust Daphne, and
“You weren’t there,” Cas said, more than a little defensively.
Finally Sam’s smile looked real. “Yeah, thanks, dude. Eileen loves it. Big yard and everything for the dog.”
Cas thought, but didn’t say.
“Any specific points you wanted to make?” Cas prodded.
Cas wiped his mouth.  “Yes, thank you,” he said, a complete lie.  At Dean’s slight frown, Cas just raised his wine glass.  “To Christmas?”
Cas looked down at his shoes. “I think I might be.”
Cas kicked him under the table. “Thanks,
Charlie put a hand on his back.  “Does it make you feel better that I’m not actually attracted to you, though?”
Cas hauled himself up from the couch and gladly joined Dean in his kitchen as Dean slid a large portion of pie onto a saucer.  Cas handed his phone to Dean.  “Tell them hi,” he said, then took a fork from his drawer.
you were dreaming,” he says slowly.  “So what you did - that was all you.  You chose that.”
All movement from beyond the door ceased.  He imagined Charlie freezing in the act of pouring herself a bowl of cereal or eating straight from the bag.  He waited.  No one came to the door.
It’s difficult to read Dean’s facial expression through the mask when he says, “I wish there were another bedroom for you.”
A nervous lump rose in Cas’s throat belatedly. He’d known he was asexual for a number of years at this point, but he’d never felt the desire to share, nor had he ever felt such a desperate need to be forgiven for something he couldn’t help. “I do like you,” Cas explained. “But I’m asexual.”
“Sit down so I can be a proper host and serve you.”
“I’ll be there,” Cas promised.
