“I was,” Rhodey said, and there was a hint of something shamed and defensive in his voice. His fingers beat a tattoo on the wheelchair armrest. “I did. Look, I didn’t want to commute to New Jersey every fucking day, okay? Bethesda’s just a lot easier, especially if you have someo- somewhere nearby. I needed to concentrate on getting better, Tony, I didn’t lie. But then this kicked off, and…”
Tony had a pretty good idea of what that ‘whatever’ would have been. And given where things were between Barnes and Rogers before Barnes went under again…
“I think you’re making a mistake,” Natasha echoed, very quietly. She unfolded her arms. “I understand why you’re doing it. But you’re exposing yourself, and Steve, to a lot of risk. What if Umar decides to track you down?”
he amended,
(To the sob Tony had heard on that damned recording, like peeling open a private wound to leave it wet and bleeding and exposed.)
"Boss, I really think that you need to arrange for back-up-"
It was a fairly ambitious piece of artwork for a seven-year-old, no matter how artistically inclined. Steve had clearly attempted to add some perspective to the drawing, because the flowers on the ground were meticulously drawn in miniature, and the curved branches of the baobab tree from the Birnin Zana palace gardens framed the scene. In the middle of it all, carefully drawn in Steve’s childish hand, was a stylised Iron Man holding the hand of a blonde-haired boy who optimistically came up to about his shoulders. On Steve’s other side was a woman with long blonde hair. She was wearing an apron.
He froze, staring down at the drawing.
“Everyone else is here. A doctor’s coming out to check on you here, so…”
"You're gonna pull something," Barton murmured at him around the time they rounded the cost of Somalia and headed south. "Tony, seriously, unclench before you shit yourself."
"Cap?" He called out again, more loudly. "Rogers, are you here?" If it had been Hydra, they would have likely taken Rogers with them. But Hydra wasn't the only military power in these parts; if it had been the Ossetian paramilitaries, they may not have even recognised Rogers without his shield. They may have evacuated and left him behind.
, and he had
Tony was instantly, painfully alert.
The energy shield punch connected with the HUD straight-on more or less the moment he arrived, the helmet giving way under the sheer force exerted. Tony landed heavily and did not get up again.
One of the nurses was urging him onto the gurney, hanging up an IV bag on each side of it, presumably one for him and another for Steve. He didn’t need the gurney, to be honest, but as Steve hadn’t let go, it would probably be easier to just lie down for a little bit so they could examine the kid more easily.
Steve shook his head slowly. “No. I woke up where you found me. I looked around. Got cold. Came back.”
pro forma…
talking about Steve's religion. I'd always assumed Steve was Catholic given his background so was surprised to see the 'P' on his dog-tags. I like the compromise of one Protestant, one Catholic parent. Tony's mother was Carbonell, again fandom assumptions tend to be that she was Italian Catholic, whereas Howard wasn't anything in particular (although I've read some compelling arguments for Howard being Jewish). Either way, I don't see Tony as religious. That said, he would give the matter of Steve's education (religious or otherwise) serious thought and it wouldn't be something he'd rush.
(See the end of the chapter for
It had also occurred to him - more than once - that there was really only one place that Rogers could have learned about Barnes’s involvement in the murders of Howard and Maria Stark. And unless Tony was missing his mark by quite some distance, Romanoff had been right by his side when it had all gone down.
His hand moved restlessly, twisting in the restraints, trying to open and close, looking for the warmth that had held him down before. (It had been better, that warmth, even though it had hurt. He’d recognised it. He wanted it back.)
“You kiss your mother with that mouth?”
(If Tony had been a betting man, he’d have placed odds on why no one had protested Mordo deciding to sit with Tony rather than with one of the people who was capable of restraining him. And those reasons would have started with,
Across the table, Okoye was nodding slowly in agreement.
“I am. I promised, didn’t I? Shhhh, go back to sleep. I’ll see you in the morning.” But Steve was already asleep, wrapped in the memory of Tony’s embrace.
per se, but less infuriated, maybe. At least he was doing something vaguely useful in keeping the kid calm and safe while the doctors scanned him and checked his spelling and peeing. But he didn’t need a babysitter. Not while everyone else was out there evidently playing hero and chasing down leads he hadn’t been made privy to. (He wasn’t bitter about that. Nope. After all, he’d been concussed and then unconscious, so it was entirely reasonable for everyone else to be off doing whatever it was while he had someone grading him on his ability to walk straight.)
Watching him go, Tony felt a stab of - something. It wasn’t quite wistfulness, and it wasn’t quite sadness, but it seemed somewhere between the two. Like an ache in a phantom limb.
(He could still be alive, a part of you thinks, and you hope against hope it isn’t true.)
Tony looked away.
friend -”
He left Steve nibbling the edges of one of the crispy little pancakes that had become his go-to food for pretty much every meal (whilst eyeing the jam that was worryingly within reach and also guaranteed to drip everywhere) and quietly went back to the bedroom, closing the door behind him and reaching for the ever-present pebble. Pep would get things going, he was sure, but there was one more call he needed to make.
Mordo inclined his head. “I do. I suppose… well, I had intended to do this on my own, but I suppose it does not make much difference.” He looked across at Tony, his expression calculating. “I could take you - and the child - to the Hong Kong sanctum. The Master would be able to help us.”
With a sidelong glance at Barton, Tony squared his shoulders. “I did - I do. Whoever built Barnes that arm - they’re the one helping Dr Foster on the Einstein-Rosen bridge work, on what’s happening with Steve, right? I want to meet them. I am… not happy… about having the kid used as bait in this plan, and even less happy about being kept in the dark on this. And I am not convinced that - even if everything goes hunky dory - we’ll be able to contain the attacker.”
Everyone had decamped to the briefing room -
Wilson gaped at him. “Says the man phoning him to bitch about his love life!”
His fingers stroked gently through the soft hair as he made quiet shushing sounds.
Hell, they
Tony studied the wall three inches above Barton’s head.
Rhodey’s smile, if anything, got wider.
Jane was shaking her head. “But that doesn’t correlate to anything, the child was in Wakanda at the time -”
Barnes really is trying. Tony really isn't cooperating. And Steve is... Steve is not OK.
Not that he was paranoid. (Much.)
He walked the inside perimeter as quickly as he could, his shoulders hunched up against the cold, his footsteps quiet on the metal floor. The base was abandoned. Had been abandoned some time ago, clearly, and the signs of recent use indicated a small party, rather than a significant occupation. Some weapons, some food, and -
In the resulting silence, Tony sat back in his chair and spread his hands. “Who wants to go first?”
They stayed in the courtyard for another few minutes, Tony holding Rhodey’s hand and not speaking, giving him space to compose himself. He desperately wanted to ask about the guy in Rhodey’s unit - what his name was, how close he’d been to Rhodey, whether Rhodey wanted to share anything - but it was obvious that he’d be prying. He settled for squeezing Rhodey’s hand tightly. “We’ll talk more a little later on, okay?” He said after a while. “I’m stuck here for a bit, what with the kid and all. And you - or do you need to head back?”
There were signs of more recent habitation inside the base. The doors had been rebuilt, and then forced open again - courtesy of a supersoldier, no doubt - and there were supplies stacked near the entrance, mostly food rations. A supply run? Someone had re-occupied the base fairly recently, and Rogers had interrupted during a vulnerable moment. They'd tried to close the door, Rogers had fought...
“I -”
He wasn’t even sure what he was missing, exactly. It wasn’t as if he had any experience of this - from either side, really - so it was mostly still… fantastical. Something you could watch, akin to a movie, and imagine as perfect and rosy and wonderful.
Tony wants to meet Natasha half-way, but half-way for that relationship isn't 'halfway to being friends'. It's mostly 'halfway to a clean slate', which sounds a bit weird, but Tony holds grudges so for him to be willing to let even part of that go is a big deal. We'll see how well it goes.
“- and poach them?” Pep smiled, finally. It didn’t reach her eyes.
“The child, I assume. Not the man.”
“Absolutely,” Tony said, his throat dry. He couldn’t look away from where Barnes stood, healthy and whole -
Wilson - the bastard - actually
With respect to the bracelet - I can't imagine the T'Challa we saw in Black Panther letting someone as uncontrolled and as dangerous as Wanda walk around. (Let alone someone with outstanding arrest warrants - but we'll get to that later.) And having Wanda
, but my headcanon for the Avengers Initiative is that it's a subsidiary to Stark Industries (to prevent people from suing SI if Thor's hammer takes out their bakery shop, for instance) which of course would need to become independent if the Accords were coming into play. Either the IFRC or Save the Children federated models would work, or a UN-affiliated agency model, and I think the latter makes more sense if you're not lacking for funding. It would be self-regulating, subject to other UN instruments rather than national enforcement, and the US army wouldn't be able to overrule decisions. That said... the whole Accords storyline is a mess in the MCU so idk how much of this will remain internally consistent. Let's just chalk it up to artistic licence.
“I…” She stopped, and visibly composed herself. “Yes. I will work with you.”
Steve’s breath huffed out against Tony’s cheek as he giggled.
“Well-behaved,” Vision said, as if this was the highest compliment he could bestow.
Where the hell was everyone? Surely the first thing the guards would have done would have been to sound the alarm. Where was Okoye? Dhakiya? Fucking
“No.”
Well, that answered that. Tony briefly wondered what ‘real sick’ constituted, but then decided he didn’t really want to know.
Pretend there was an actual kid, and he had a right to be at his bedside?
He’d figure it out. Malibu probably wouldn’t work if they needed to get to Oakland regularly, but they could stay in San Francisco. He’d been a resident of California before; he could do it again. And money could hide any multitude of sins; if T’Challa came through on his promise, between the two of them, they’d have an identity drawn up for Steve that even Ross wouldn’t be able to break through.
“Fuck you, I’m the paragon of watchfulness.”
” Surely Mordo wouldn’t have been stupid enough to injure them and then attempt to make peace? But, then, they’d thought him contained, and look how
, and it was the
. Places to go, people to see, a fairly large multi-national corporation to run.”
Tony signed off and paused, staring at the console thoughtfully. Probably it would be best to power the system down entirely and preserve the scarce fuel… but the distress call had already gone off, help was on its way, and their best line of defence was the suit. And what if FRIDAY needed to contact him in the meantime?
Barton shrugged. “He pretty much grabbed on to you back when he was a super-soldier, too.”
Wilson’s jaw worked. “But he’s not a kid,” he said, slow and deliberate. “He’s…” He paused, rubbing at his face as he looked away.
- would want that; that he’d be OK with knowing all his secrets had been laid bare for Tony to inspect and discard. Maybe it was supposed to be poetic justice, or something simpler, baser; flaying Steve open so that Tony could assure himself that there was nothing hidden away… (Was that what Maximoff had intended when she came to him in his dream? Was that why she’d showed him Steve’s nightmare?)
“That’s - that’s right. Only, he’s not -” No, that wasn’t the right approach. He changed tack. “Can you tell me why he was so scary? Was it just the scariness of having someone else in there, or something else?”
“Have you decided on what you want to do about schooling?” Barnes asked finally. He’d sat in silence for Hill’s entire spiel, not even seeming to pay attention but instead gazing out of the window intently. Now, his attention was fixed on the child curled up in Tony’s lap.
Yeah, no one is having a particularly fun time at the moment. Don't worry, Bucky doesn't disappear for the duration of the fic. But Tony isn't going to be able to just hand Steve over and run away, either.
His hand jerk across the bed, patting the bed linen as if looking for something. (What was it?)
Honestly, he was a little surprised he’d slept so soundly. He’d have thought that dropping off when there was a corpse-filled room a few metres away would have been difficult, but apparently he’d been more exhausted than he’d thought.
Dhakiya excused herself after Tony and Rhodey had lunch delivered; evidently her babysitting duties did not extend to taking her meals with them. It was either that, or she had better things to do, which was clearly crazy talk. Tony had
“Yekela,” Okoye snapped into her wrist, stepping over Tony as she ran to take a defensive position in front of him.
, and
“Nothing to say? Let me guess, I’m being emotional, I’m weak, I’m
For his part, Barnes seemed just as bemused at Tony’s jam predicament as Tony had been at Barnes’s earlier discomfiture.
The kid looked terrified, tears and snot smeared across his face in picture-perfect misery. The kid - Steve - was so
but it was all details, details. He took a deep breath. “I’m taking him back to the US with me.”
It was everything he’d denied and diminished when he’d been speaking with Pep; everything he’d skirted around when he’d discussed practicalities with T’Challa. It had been the elephant in the room when he’d - eventually - agreed to be accompanied by Barnes and Barton.
Rogers nods. “I have faith in you,” he offers after a moment. He hesitates. “I’ll talk to Rhodes. Get him to bring down your medication and some water.” He does not turn to see Tony’s face at this last betrayal; instead exiting the workshop silently, the doors opening for him just as easily as they had on his way in.
Tony glanced over his shoulder, at the still-sleeping Steve. “Well, I don’t have anything else in my day-planner other than hanging around here. Did you have some urgent appointment?”
And either Natasha would take his comment in the spirit in which it was meant, or…
That didn’t sound ominous
(The light drowned him before he could speak.)
When you first did this - years and years ago, and still far too fresh in your mind - the process was a lot simpler. There was a certificate, and… well, there was a certificate. You went to the funeral and you came home and you knew what you had to do after that. (Keep living, mostly. It always boils down to that.)
The hand clamped back down over his, warm and familiar. On his other side, there was a sharp pinch, and something cold pushed its way into his arm. His chest was jostled as cold, wet things were attached to him, and there was a strange hum starting up around him. It sounded a bit like his repulsors powering up. That was what had to be so comforting, he thought. It had to be that sound, and not the hand clamped around his.
He was so fucking screwed.
More fool him; Tony was perfectly happy to drink his coffee black. “It’s like living with a toddler.”
Rhodey hesitated another moment before patting Tony on the shoulder and wheeling himself out.
first?
“I’m gonna be back in a few hours,” he promised the little boy, feeling his heart clench. “I’ll be there before you wake up in the morning, I promise. I’m sorry I wasn’t there when things got scary for you today. Can you tell me about it?”
He’d asked Steve, half-dreading the child’s answer.
Tony glanced at Okoye, who was also looking a little discomforted at the view from the window.
Looking after a sickly kid in a secret bunker was not quite the same thing as looking after one in a royal palace.
Tony stared up at him, nonplussed. He’d expected a change, but… “Didn’t I hire you a while back?”
Tony smacked him away. “Would you quit it with the laserpoint, Jesus, I’m not a fucking cat; go bother T’Challa if you want to play.” What the hell was it, it was on the tip of his tongue… He pushed the blankets away, blinking at the small blonde head resting against his side.
“I promise, Pep. I’m gonna be the most responsible I’ve ever been. And - no. I mean, I can still design from here, and it’s not gonna be long, I’m sure they’ll have him turned back soon. But, in the meantime, if you can keep an eye on, uh, you know who…”
“He was a runty kid, that’s for sure,” Wilson said from behind him, and Tony just about jumped a foot in the air.
She’d looked after Steve. She’d made sure he was OK, she’d put him to bed. And she would have - she must have - called M’Baku when he wouldn’t quieten down, to try to find a way to reassure him. She could have left him on his own; she could have handed him over to someone else and guarded him from the outside. She could have done anything other than stay with him and try to make sure he wasn’t scared.
At the front of the room, Romanoff gave a tight nod. “He also identified himself,” she said. “So that the Russian authorities - and Interpol - knew there was something strange happening, that the children had once been adults. Unfortunately, that was all the information they were able to gather.”
Dhakiya managed to hide her smile. “If you need anything, please just indicate on the request list here.” She handed him a sleek tablet. “It has a retina-lock which you can enable. I suggest you do not use it around the child overly much.” She nodded at the room. “His majesty was very specific about the furnishings. There should not be anything present which would disturb the child. I understand he is from an isolated area, and unfamiliar with modern technology.”
Bucky, the seven year old...
He cut that thought off ruthlessly.
Likely that wasn’t all of it - no way would Wilson go down that route so quickly for just a single reason - but it helped to contextualise things a little bit. Tony hadn’t even considered something like this. Had this been something that Rogers had been concerned about? But no, he hadn’t mentioned it, nothing even close to that. Surely if he’d been relaying Wilson’s concerns… no, Rogers had listed his own reservations, not Wilson’s.
Surely, someone would have mentioned the tragic yet heroic story of how Captain America yadda yadda yadda. And if not the relentless Cold War propaganda engine, then SHIELD would have made a note of it somewhere. He couldn’t recall anything other than pleurisy in Steve’s official file, but…
In any other circumstances, it would be tragic but bearable. Provisions could be made, how tragic for the family, pay your respects and be on your way.
He looked back at the door again, biting his lip.  “Steve’s asleep, so…”
“He’s not wrong, though,” Rhodey said, even more quietly, and ducked when Tony attempted to smack him.
, he thought sourly.
There was a long silence. Barton’s hand landed gingerly on Tony’s shoulder, squeezing gently. “... Yeah,” he said. He sounded as though he meant it.
Wanda might want to wax rhapsodic at him about how Siberia had affected Rogers - and Natasha might want him to listen to Rogers narrate it back to him in the world’s most fucked-up audiobook - but that didn’t mean he had to let himself fall for it. Especially not in the privacy of his own mind.
Steve had taken a deep breath, a look of intense concentration on his face, his small chest expanding as he tried to make his voice as low and as deep as possible.
“No, it’s just - it’s just a machine, see?” He patted the left arm. “It’s just metal. It does what I say, it’s not alive.” Although it was probably best not to explain FRIDAY until he had Steve settled and the perimeter locked down. The last thing he needed was a spooked kid running away and screaming about ghosts, or whatever old timey thing he’d assume the AI was.
He left the power on, disconnecting the unnecessary systems to preserve the energy. What next? Heat, supplies, shelter. The room was still incredibly cold, and despite Tony’s thermal undersuit and the need to crawl into a computer that rapidly heated up to the temperature of a furnace, he was still cold. But if people had been staying here, they would have had useful supplies, like water, and blankets.
. If he was being charitable, Tony could ascribe his tendency to be a perpetual asshole to a lack of brain matter rather than active malice. (Or assholish impulses quickly tempered by bouts of conscience.) But no amount of forced levity was lifting the grimness in the room. Lang, for instance, had been grey-faced the entire time, visibly holding back the impulse to vomit. (And no, Tony really didn’t need to listen to Barton’s bonding sessions with Barnes to add to the roiling feeling in his own stomach. If Barton had been intending to distract him from his flailing stagger across their verbal minefield, he’d done a piss-poor job of it.)
T’Challa was inside the containment cell. This did not strike Tony as the greatest plan ever. “I thought you were supposed to be in charge of him? Aren’t there rules in place, or does he go all James T Kirk on you whenever he pleases?” Admittedly it was probably a little tricky to babysit a king if he wanted to play at superhero, but he was surprised that Okoye had permitted it. Tony glanced back at Romanoff. “Did you know about this?”
She pushed away from the door, walking slowly across the room. Tony only realised he was backing up when his back hit the far wall. Romanoff looked up at him, her expression blank. “How much did you listen to?”
Tony thought.
.) “FRIDAY, make a note, dis-aggregate access based on additional variables.”
over that. If he didn’t have his mind, what was he?
, Barton.” There was bitterness in his voice he made no effort to hide as he stood up too quickly, the chair toppling over with a crash.
Wait.
Besides, seven was the age of reason, wasn’t that how the Catholic thinking went? Huh, there was a thought. Rogers hadn’t been especially religious himself, but he’d been raised Catholic if Tony was remembering correctly. Was that something he needed to think about? Maybe it would be comforting for the child to have that continuity. Tony had never counted himself as a believer in any sense of the term, but he’d dutifully accompanied his mother to church as a child, and less dutifully as a teen. It wouldn’t be the worst thing in the world to pretend for a little bit if it brought Steve some comfort.
She did not pretend to misunderstand. “There is a recording for you to review. He’s asleep for the moment.” Her eyes flickered between Barton and Tony. “He’ll be pleased to see you. He was a little… stressed.”
He made his way back as quickly as he could and gingerly crawled under the foil blankets, trying to stop his shivers.
“Didn’t realise what?” Tony asked, tired.
Comments, as always, are love.
He wished there was someone more competent - or less sleep-deprived - to do this. “I promise, OK, Steve? I promise to look after you. If someone steals you away, I’m going to come after you. You’re not on your own.”
He’d put them on all by himself, Tony realised belatedly. For all that Tony had been in charge of him, for the most part Steve hadn’t needed Tony for much other than getting him to safety and occasionally calming him down when he had a nightmare or anxiety attack. The nurses had dealt with the health aspects, and for everything else, Steve was a remarkably self-sufficient child.
“Mint.”
“Well, according to the papers, I can absolutely change my mind,” Tony said, flipping through the paperwork, pen in hand. “All I have to do is notify the court with sufficient notice for them to make alternate arrangements.” Not that he would. If he couldn’t cope, he’d just bring in help; he wasn’t signing the kid over to some
on Rogers. He wasn’t trading him, abandoning him, or turning his back. He was just…
Tony twisted to peer down at his face. “Better?”
Tony turned, managing to paste a smile on his face just in time. “Hey, honey bear! What brings you down here?”
“In more ways than one,” Romanoff said, sotto voce. She laid her monitoring pebble on the table and picked up her own mug of coffee, sitting back in her chair. “You sure you want to do this with us here?”
It was fast becoming apparent to Tony that Okoye had managed to pack him and Steve off to the James Farley of Wakanda. If he’d had a little more time, he would have probably tried for a charm offensive. It was always good to form new relationships, after all. And this guy was undoubtedly someone it would be helpful to cultivate, especially if T’Challa’s situation was as precarious as he was starting to suspect.
“Than killing thirty two people and trying to abduct a seven year old out from under our noses? Yeah, maybe you shoulda workshopped that idea as little more.”
“... Yeah, I know. But I… I have to do this.” There was really no choice at all. He had to. He
“Like what?”
And she was still - now and always - one of Fury’s people. Tony had zero doubts about that. The secretive bastard could be ten years dead and she’d still be dancing to his tune. Well, that went for any number of them, he supposed; Fury’s biggest talent had been in manipulating people into thinking they were doing what they wanted to do. Meanwhile, the end result would still somehow end up with him on top. Even after concerted assassination attempts and having his own damn agency riddled with Hydra agents, the man had somehow ended up unscathed.
“OK, I want you to remember that. I have to go and talk to the bad guy - we hope we can convince him to stop being a bad guy - and my friend, Vision, is gonna look after you for a bit. Vision will keep you safe. Won’t you, Vis?”
“He’s not my - really?
After a moment, Steve lowered the knife. “Okay,” he whispered, his shoulders slumping. He offered the knife up, handle first.
“All right.” Barton held up his hands in the classic ‘mea culpa’ gesture. “All right. Yes, you’re right. We definitely should have told you. But - OK, again, in my defence, you were concussed, and then, you know, with the whole having your brain all exposed like that -”
the child Steve had said in a man’s voice, and the echo of it wouldn’t fade from Tony’s ears.
. It was the same look Tony saw in his own eyes when he looked in the mirror, after all; the one that said he knew what Tony had done, what he was responsible for. (If Tony knew Wilson at all - and he rather thought he did, at least in this - he wagered that he looked at himself in the mirror in exactly the same way.)
However much Romanoff may have overstepped her bounds, though, it had been Tony himself who had decided to listen to the recordings. And for all that Wilson’s surprise at Tony’s restraint had stung, it had mostly hurt because it hadn’t been enough, had it? He’d still given in to temptation.
Tony thought with dismay. If Rhodey was able to function as War Machine - if he still wanted to - he’d be damned if he’d let some neanderthal machismo posturing on the part of anyone else get in his way.
Warfarin is a blood thinner, used for basically everything Tony has ever had on screen (a replacement or mechanical heart valve, atrial fibrillation, a heart attack, and a variety of other blood clots). I am astonished that he's not on it already. It's dangerous in conjunction with a concussion because it can lead to bleeding in the brain.
Standing above them was Captain America, resplendent in his uniform, his eyes hard.
Mordo shook his head and laughed softly.
“All the individual words make sense, and yet,” Barnes muttered, and sat down in the co-pilot seat.
Because he’d known that, whether or not Rhodey would have been able to order him to his death, Tony wouldn’t have had it in him to do the same. (Because he wasn’t a soldier; no, not at all.)
- has one extra limb on mine. So, yeah. I'll build your beloved murderbot a new arm. Even better than the original. But before I do? Before I lift a goddamn finger?” He lets go of the worktop and forces himself to walk around it, to crowd into Rogers’s personal space. In just his sneakers, he has to look up to make eye contact and he will not back down, he will
Tony looked at him, surprised. “What are you doing? And where did Dhakiya go?”
a part of him suddenly realised, and his heart gave a lurch.
Steve made a sharp sound as Tony turned away, but he did not call out.
Responsible, thoughtful, caring…
, and Tony wasn’t there, he was half a world away while both versions of Steve suffered.
For his part, Mordo seemed to take the challenge well. “Because you do not have any choice,” he said simply. “I know her the way you would know a seraph, were one to appear, from their eyes and wings. Even the least learned among you would know the power of what you were looking at, and would tremble before it.” He spread his hands. “I do not need to have seen her to know those portals are Umar’s work. I do not know what she is doing, or why her victims are thus afflicted, but I can guess that it is to access the powers long-denied her in her current form. I cannot imagine any other motivation for her. And if she is successful - if she is able to access her full power, her original form - it would be as if Dormammu himself were here.” There were a lot of blank looks around the table. Mordo looked heavenward, as if asking for divine intervention. “Hell on earth,” he said simply for the benefit of those without a magical education. “The two of them would consume this dimension until there was not a living soul left.”
“Not to interrupt a family reunion,” he interposed, “but maybe we could check that my people are all still intact before you get into it.”
“Coulda fooled me,” Tony muttered.
The kid obediently breathed deeply for him, coughing a little but otherwise sounding OK. God, Tony hoped that was the case; the last he needed was for Steve to relapse.
There really wasn’t any point to putting things off any longer; he might as well get it over with. She’d not come for Steve, so that was a good thing. That she’d come for hm instead was… inevitable.
On the other side of the room, Lang spoke up. “I don’t think you’re gonna win this one.” His eyes were on Tony, but he seemed to be addressing Wanda. “You’re - look, I get it. You’re getting your kid to safety, right?” He nodded at where Steve was staring warily back.
“Believe it or not, this is him after much remedial work,” Rhodey said apologetically. “It’s an ongoing project.”
Back in the living room, Steve had grown tired of waiting for him to come back and had attempted the large jam jar and the unwieldy butter knife by himself.
And whether whatever it is Mordo thought he needed Steve for could be achieved without the child.
of me -” Minoru did just that, Mordo almost falling backwards in his eagerness to put some distance between them. He stopped three paces away, panting, a hand against his chest. “That was unnecessary.”
Tony was mildly disappointed that he still had the capacity to be surprised by how much the universe hated him.
“Hi Tony.”
“Well, you’re not wrong. You’re meant to be… older. And, uh, obviously I know you. The older you.” He waved a hand vaguely. “We’re, uh, friends.”
Warning for child peril/illness, and brief mentions of child death.
Tony considered. “No. Yes. Maybe a sandwich of some sort. And bring me Jane Foster’s notes!”
(He does. He remembers every moment, true and imagined.)
“Much the same thing you are,” M’Baku said, smiling. He’d changed his clothes; he must had stopped off at his quarters. It was strange to see him without all that ceremonial fur and so forth; he was still impressively broad-shouldered, but a little less… imposing. “Tjaila!” M’Baku called out, and two children looked up, grinning. One was about the same age as Steve; the other a bit younger, around four or five. They both clambered to their feet and ran over to M’Baku, grabbing hold of a leg each.
It was - it wasn’t quite what he’d been expecting, but it was fine. “It’s fine,” he said, then winced. He hadn’t quite meant to blurt that out. It sounded… well. “I - I mean, thank you. This is very generous.” That was marginally better, although still nowhere near the note he should have hit. Pepper was gonna have his head for squandering an opportunity to forge closer ties, et cetera, et cetera.
Lang offered him a hand to shake, then patted Steve on the shoulder.
There was something strange in the king’s gaze at that, almost triumphant. “Then I suppose we’d best reconvene.” He turned to the guard at his back. “Ayo, please set up a call with my sister. We have much to discuss.” His nose wrinkled. “And… invite M’Baku to join us.”
“Boss.”
Tony thought - and fell into Tony’s arms, pale and cold and terrified and
First things first. “FRIDAY, can you hear me?”
“No, that’s OK,” Steve said quickly and hugged his arms across his chest, then seemed to think better of it, deflating. “Oh, I meant… I mean, I can wear the big shirt again, I’ll give it back, sorry.” He reached for the hem of the T-shirt immediately.
Steve hesitated for a long moment, blinking up at him, and then shook his head.
She didn’t need to say anything else. Tony had seen the state of the bodies in the storage room; he couldn’t imagine anyone surviving that sort of torture for very long, even if medical care had been immediate.
“I don’t know who that man is,” Steve sobbed into Tony’s shoulder, tiny and heart-broken. “But he’s not Bucky. He’s not!”
And Steve is not as untouched by all that's happened as first appeared.
Tony stared at him. “That’s it?”
He slept.
*crawls in* Well, that week was certainly... hellish. *crawls away, exhausted*
agreed -” Barton started, as if he hadn’t disavowed any planning of his own before.
“Were you even paying attention in there - he killed thirty-two guards already! And god knows how many others we don’t know about! And now you’re just going to let him go?” Let him go and give him access to
“I have a whole quiver of them.” Barton sighed and regarded the ceiling, hesitating. “You did well with him,” he said at last, grudgingly.
may as well have been spray-painted across T’Challa’s forehead. Tony couldn’t remember anything about the king’s sister, or even that he
Tony hadn’t even
The child in question sighed and slumped, clearly bored after only a few minutes. He didn’t ask to be set down, though, which spoke volumes about his anxiety levels. After a moment, Tony murmured quietly, “FRIDAY, cue up some Arthurian legends, please.” He offered one of the earbuds to the child who took it obediently and held it up to his ear.
Well, that was to be expected. Only a few days in, and he’d already corrupted baby Captain America. “He’s… he’s had quite a few people use colourful language around him,” Tony said weakly.
Comments are treasured.
“Was someone here, before? Steve? Were there bad guys here?” He inched forward a little more.
Goddammit, usually he was good at this.
The implications of that hit Tony somewhere south of his sternum, all his breath rushing out in a single gasp.
“I strongly suspect it is meant to demonstrate that he is choosing to cooperate with you, rather than being compelled to,” Master Minoru said, inclining her head gracefully. She stepped around Okoye, smiling at Mordo, a hand stretched out to rest on his chest. “My dear, you have not been in touch.”
Wait.
Barton nodded. “I know. But it’s a cliche for a reason, Tony.” He stood up.
-” God, he’d thought that Rhodey was avoiding him. He’d known - he’d
The image clicked off to silence.
A little startled - this child version hadn’t really spent any time with her - Steve shied away and hid against Tony’s leg.
,” Steve said, his words slurred. He seemed to be trying to keep his eyes open and failing.
But - “Maximoff? What do you mean? What did she do?”
,” a quiet voice said to Tony’s right; Lang, on the far side of the room, looking green around the gills. “Why would anyone do that? Not just once, but...”
When Tony had been feeling particularly low - over the palladium, or dealing with his nightmares after New York - he’d sometimes wondered what his mother would have said to him, if she’d been around. Because the only voices around him had been those of soldiers, of those who put duty first. Of those who would sacrifice themselves and would sacrifice him, and would not hesitate. But Tony was not a soldier, and so he’d wondered. Would she have wept, but sent him on? Or would her instinct have been to tell him,
“Just hold tight,” he said instead, and headed in the direction of the snowy peaks.
He stared down at it. It looked so innocuous in its inert state. You wouldn’t think to look at it that it could hold something like that.
“Oh?”
, the two of them had done what they did best; hide the truth and squirrel it away and treat everyone like a
He laughed, a sharp, bitter sound.
“Mmph,” Steve said, and yawned into Tony’s neck. “‘M tired.”
There was a neat pile of Steve’s books left on one side, the child’s crayons packed back into their box. He added the box to the case, and slid the books in after it in a heap. One of the books - the Arthurian mythology book - had a piece of Steve’s artwork stuck between the pages. The paper, even folded, was a bit too big to sit comfortably in between the pages, but clearly this piece was important enough to Steve to try to protect it during transit. “Steve, you OK in there?” He called out absentmindedly, unfolding the drawing and smoothing out the wrinkles.
Barton’s mouth worked. “It’s a family name,” he said at last. He seemed weirdly defensive, as if it was a real name instead of - oh.
He kept his voice deliberately light. “About anything in particular, or just to make my life more interesting?”
“Jesus Christ, Rogers!” He put a hand on his chest, breathing hard. “Don’t scare me like -
It had taken some time and a few false starts, but Tony had finally managed to acquire a useful reflex in times of extreme personal crises: stay calm, and call Pepper.
And all they needed was access to one small, insignificant life.
Barton - the fucker - had probably slept like a baby while Tony and the kid were hooked up to IVs, Tony thought sourly, knowing that he was being unfair, that Barton and Lang were the ones likely to be the most affected by these images. But he had an annoyingly well-rested look on his face, and Tony... Tony wasn't in a charitable mood. He scrubbed a hand across his face, wincing at the stubble across his cheeks. “It’s not fucking SkyNet,” he said wearily.
No, Tony had no illusions about Steve’s mental health. He’d known exactly what to expect if Steve was remembering things disturbing enough to scare away Vision.
are you to us?”
The next morning, he was at the door before Barton came to collect him.
Tony took a deep breath. He still wanted to ask about the relationship - because, nope, he was pretty certain he wasn’t wrong on that score - but there was a more pressing concern. “Are you - did he get you help? Did he listen?”
Tony nodded. “There you go. You hold on to Vision’s hand, OK? He’ll look after you until I come back.”
? Just a few days? Nat’s got Jane Foster looking into it, and we’re all working the problem here. Let us get a lead sorted out before we argue over who goes haring after it.”
“It was for my birthday,” Steve explained. “We went to the
The kid stared at him with enormous eyes and a trembling lower lip, clearly having cried himself to sleep more than a couple of times if the state of his blotchy red face was any indication. He had jam smeared on his chin and in his hair, and was wearing the pyjamas Tony had left him in when they’d departed Wakanda. Tony had a horrible feeling that he had stayed in them all day. There was a shrillness to his voice that rang horribly familiar -
Tony finally managed to focus his eyes on his watch.
“Shhh, just go back to sleep,” Tony murmured, and wrapped the blanket around them more securely. He figured he’d stay awake himself. Steve was clearly halfway back to unconscious, but Tony was wide-awake and it was really too fucking cold to sleep. He’d just stay here to make sure the kid was okay, maybe check the comms console for any messages, and -
Vision connected almost immediately. “Is something wrong?”
That did sound tempting. For all that Tony had slept away the last few days, he was exhausted. And with Steve already asleep… but - “have there been any further attacks? By Lady Vengeance or by our sword-wielding friend?”
Thankfully, the pint-sized Steve Rogers was still dead to the world when Tony returned from his foraging. Tony assembled a floor pallet fairly quickly and piled all the blankets on top, cushioning it to prevent heat-loss.
There was a pause. “Done,” she said. “Help will be with you in a few hours to assist with evacuation. Are you in any immediate danger?”
Steve was watching Barnes with a puzzled look on his face. “Bucky’s mom and dad took us to Coney Island for his birthday,” he said slowly. “I… I couldn’t go on any of the rides, because of my breathing. But we went to the shooting gallery.” He brightened. “I won a prize!”
Tony glanced across at him, taking in the way the child hunched his shoulders, as if trying to make himself even smaller. Even less of a threat.
The images stopped, flickering like a juddering carousel, the shield poised over Tony’s chest.
The child’s eyes were open and milky-white, and looking up at him blindly.
He snorted. “Yeah, maybe.”
. I want my
“I’m supposed to do this stretch three times a day,” Rhodey said, his voice little more than a pained grunt. “The physio said -”
“It’s - hey, I guess there’s a briefing, right? Did we miss the briefing? We should probably, you know…” He managed to get himself to a chair without incident and slid mindlessly into it, not taking his eyes off Barnes.
Tony rolled his eyes. “Barton has a big mouth.”
The sight that greeted Tony as he wheeled into the PICU was not even a little bit reassuring.
“OK,” Steve whispered. “I’ll wait.”
On cue, Steve twisted against Tony’s side so his face was filling the projection. He gave Rhodey the stink-eye. “You said ‘dick’!”
The interesting thing for me is that I can just as easily read Tony - during IM2 - being against external oversight, and Steve - in TFA - being pro accountability. Their experiences have shifted them away from those positions, but honestly, the interesting thing for me is that they could have come down on it either way, especially as we don't have mutant registration in the MCU. Once you throw in something that is sufficiently muddy, both positions start sliding again.
he thought, bewildered.
“Enough, FRIDAY; I'm up, Jesus fucking Christ.” Tony groaned, a hand over his eyes. His head felt like someone had taken a sledgehammer to it. Christ, he could do with a drink.
I guess it's pretty obvious that my versions of the characters have all been through pretty profound traumas and are affected by them in a variety of ways. They're all trying to fix the ruptures in the team in the best ways they know how, but that doesn't mean they have to agree on the way to proceed.
He fought off the flare of irritation that surged through him. He couldn’t figure out what was making him so angry. Moving the kid to the US was the right thing to do. Moving himself away from Natasha, and Wanda, and everyone else who had so many opinions on what he needed to do and how he needed to feel was probably vital for his continued sanity. (Barnes and Barton notwithstanding, and it would be different when they were on Tony’s home turf.) And not letting this latest crisis distract him from preparing for the greater threats that still waited and lingered and built in the shadows was doubtless one of the more sensible things he’d ever done.
Should hopefully be back to a weekly posting schedule now for the most part.
“What?”
There was a flicker across Minoru’s face at that. “Mordo.”
“If you think I’m letting you anywhere near him -”
He blinked up at up Tony, betrayed.
Tony took a deep breath and let it out slowly. “I’m going back to the US. And I’m taking Steve with me. Keeping him in limbo isn’t fair, he needs stability. T’Challa’s sister - she’s the one who built Barnes that arm - has a lab out there, in Oakland. I’m gonna take Steve there. I’m… I don’t know what I’m going to do next, but until we figure out how to turn him back, he’s staying with me.” He met Rhodey’s gaze head-on, shoulders squaring as if for a fight. “I’m… I’m keeping him.”
“You OK?” Barton asked when they were outside.
“... Thanks. For, you know.” He shrugged his shoulders minutely. “Making that call. I owe you one.”
He didn’t know if it was possible to preserve this version of Steve, or even if that was the right thing to do, given everything the child had gone through. But it didn’t seem any more moral to simply reset the clock and try to put Steve back, as if the last few weeks had never happened, and get the adult Steve in his place. Functionally, it would be putting Steve back where he was supposed to be, in his mother’s arms.
“Don’t ask questions you don’t want to know the answers to,” Hill said softly. She leaned back in her seat, perfectly at ease, in civvies that may as well have been a uniform.
hated it when Barton did that. “What? It’s only been a few hours. What the hell do you want?”
No, Tony wasn’t going to fucking apologise.
“Steve, you still in the suit?” He called out.
Steve buried his face against Tony’s neck, his shoulders shaking. “I want my
“The princess has the restraints ready,” Barnes said. He had his body armour on, and his gun with him. Correction; he had
“I’m fine, honeybear, don’t fuss. I came through surgery with flying colours and they’re just doing their post-op thing. The kid is fine; he got scared when I went down, but seems to have perked up a bit now.” He wrapped one arm around the kid and hoisted him up, as if for inspection. Steve and Rhodey eye-balled each other for a moment before Tony let Steve drop back down on the bed again. He tipped his head up inquiringly. “And you? What did the doctors say?”
Of course, usually
“Only
“I’m OK!” Steve called back, followed by more splashing.
The problem was, much as he might love Natasha - and he wasn’t going to argue on
“Wait,” Tony said, blinking. He’d half-levered himself out his chair in shock. “
“- and poach them, yes, Obi-Wan, you have taught me well the ways of your corporate dominion. I will do my very best to bring back the Wakandan version of me. Or at least arrange a collaboration of some sort.” Because he very much doubted he’d be able to tempt them away from the most advanced facilities on Earth. But maybe if he threw in access to some of the scavenged Chitauri tech as a sweetener?
and finished off with,
"They're not here anymore, FRI," Tony said absent-mindedly, rounding the corner. The base was clearly deserted; whoever had been here had obviously left. The question was, had they taken Rogers with them?
Pepper covered her face with her hands. “Tony. Tony, please think this through. This isn’t the same as playing the cool uncle with promising kids who have parents and guardians, OK?” She pulled her hands away and leaned forward, her expression determined. “There’s so much history there, and you - you’re not over it, I know you keep saying it’s all fine, but we can see that’s not the case. And this thing, it’s not the same thing as - as visiting with Harl and his mom, or building you-know-who his suit, or, or,” her hands sketched a shape in the air. “You know I’ll always back you, we both will, but this sort of thing, you can’t just walk away, you can’t change your mind -”
add jam on anything until I get back.”
That, or at this age Steve was shit at holding proper grudges.
The suite of rooms wasn’t that much bigger than what had been provided for Tony and Steve, but it was much more sumptuously appointed. Clearly M’Baku did not stint when it came to providing housing - however temporary - for his king. “Your majesty. Thank you for seeing me.”
Pepper had previously floated the idea of having the sub look at not-for-profit status, or possibly registering the whole kit and caboodle overseas as pocket subs scattered in key jurisdictions. That way, it wouldn’t be a case of American private actors rocking up on Mali’s doorstep - for instance - but would be more aligned with how NGOs such as the Red Cross operated. The alternative was to link it to the UN as an independent but quasi-aligned agency; this would have given them diplomatic immunity, access to pretty much everywhere, and would have been a totally awesome idea except for the whole Accords issue dropping into their laps at about the same time.
Barton came to her rescue. “Look, Tony. The portals, the two assailants… they are all using magic or tech we can’t match or figure out. It was bad enough when all we were trying to do was to get ahead of the attacks and to work out how to turn Steve back. But when we knew he was a target…”
He dug the heels of his hands into his eye sockets. “I’m really,
Mordo’s smile widened. “Something like that.” He looked at T’Challa. “She is not human. I have fought her kind before, and I recognise what she is, where she belongs. She is a grave threat which must be removed from this Dimension before she causes irreparable damage. Perhaps I should have chosen a different approach, but I did not believe that you would surrender the child to me without a fight. Was I wrong?”
“What?”
“And the wasted portion of the trip?” Okoye asked softly. Her hand was clenched on her knee.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Your lips to god’s ears.” Barton’s hand landed on Tony’s shoulder as he walked away.
Cast-iron contracts, viciously enforced NDAs and a generous pension package which would become forfeit in the face of any unwise disclosures meant that SI people didn’t talk to reporters as a general rule. If Tony turned up with a kid in tow there might be some internal gossip, but there was a much higher chance of keeping Steve’s existence a secret. Pepper would probably ensure that the seeds of Tony’s ‘distant nephew’, ‘science fair winner’, or possibly even ‘secret love child’ had been thoroughly sown before they’d even landed. If anything did leak, it would be merely embarrassing, rather than dangerous - he hoped.
If you think I went through six drafts of this and am still not happy with the result, you'd be right. I think I got through close to 20k words to finally reach these 4k. Anyway, I'm moving the goalposts to claiming victory through posting it at all.
“He put you in touch with the VA counsellors?”
On cue, the baby monitor hooked up to Steve’s room lit up with his coughs.
RE: Black Panther - I already have a vague outline of what I need to happen in this fic, but the part-by-part summaries are not pinned down, yet. So some elements from BP I will doubtless weave in if it's possible to do so, but some parts will likely not work and I'll have to ignore them. (Yes, I'm going to see Black Panther tomorrow. So excited!)
There was a pause, and strange, choking sound, like a hiccupped sob.
Even Happy looked worried. “Boss… you know I always have your back, whatever. But are you sure?”
- it would ease, and things would go back to normal.
The system powered on with a distressed-sounding whine and Tony crawled out of the console hurriedly, not especially keen to accidentally electrocute himself using crappy ex-Soviet cast-offs. “Okay, I think we’re in business. Let me get this thing up and running.” It took a few minutes longer of cajoling the crappy system to draw on the crappy generator with its crappy diesel in a consistent enough fashion that the line wasn’t constantly dropping, but he managed it.
When they got to the suite, on the desk in the little study was a sealed box, coded to his thumbprint. "Agent Romanoff has left a copy of the files with you," Dhakiya said. "She said that the audio recording was in there, and that you should listen to it when you were alone." She looked at the child in Tony's arms. "I can put him to bed, if you'd like to listen to it now."
he thought uneasily.
He took the hand away and blinked in the soft glow of the artificial light. The curtains weren't open; it must still be dark outside. What time was it? "FRIDAY, it's the middle of the night; who the hell is calling me?" FRIDAY wouldn't put anyone through unless they rated as important enough for her to skip the automated voicemail... or unless they had managed to convince her that what they had to say couldn't wait.
And waited, in the freezing cold, probably scared out of his mind, while Tony was asking T’Challa why couldn’t
“Yeah? You want to tell me about it?”
He sighed.
“Are you ready?” Barton looked past him, to where Steve was in the doorway, wrapped up in his entire bedding, clearly distressed. “Uh, I’ll give you a moment.”
Okoye said something sharp and uncomplimentary under her breath, making an abortive movement to get in front of T’Challa.
. He sighed. Sam would likely agree with that assessment. He knew Wanda would. And hadn’t everyone else evidently managed to stay in touch and work around their sundering
Satisfied, Tony squatted down on the ground to check on Steve. “You OK, kiddo?” he asked. “The doctor’s just going to do some paperwork, and then we’ll be done with the house arrest, I promise.”
“A couple of days, maybe less. It depends on his recovery,” Tony said vaguely. Steve had still been asleep when he’d left his bedside to get their stuff moved across and the data picked up. He inspected the tablet. It was a few millimetres thinner than the current Starkpad Air, and he ran his thumb along one sleek edge. “What’s the battery life on this thing? Is it commercially available? Can I buy one to go?” It was a little gauche to come out and ask if he could buy the thing, of course, but… well, he was obviously going to try to take it apart the moment he was out of the guide’s sight, but he’d feel a little better if he’d bought it, rather than dismantling a loan tablet.
responsibility, I’m his damn
“How’s he doing?” Rhodey asked from his position on the floor.
Anger flared through him at the thought. Was that what Romanoff’s play was? Pull out the records of Ste-
Yes, when he’d thought that it was just a question of the kid’s recovery! But truth be told, he hadn’t considered what an undocumented child would mean, and what ‘being in charge’ would entail. He’d had sort of vague idea of being around while Wakandan nannies and health care workers did the actual job of looking after the kid, at least until they could turn him back. He’d also assumed that they hadn’t been registered at the hospital, but obviously T’Challa disagreed with flying under the radar by burning all traces of his presence. No, he was instead drowning them in bureaucracy and protocol.
“I’m frankly astounded you even know a word like ‘paragon’; was that on the
In retrospect, Tony doesn’t think that he’d been honestly trying something quite that stupid. (Not
I’m prepared,
He had to keep him talking. “Do you remember what happened?”
Tony had the overwhelming impression that it was not what he had originally intended to say. “He’s hiding something,” he muttered.
Steve said, soft and broken. Behind Tony’s closed eyelids, he had that same lost look he’d worn after SHIELD fell, after everything had turned out to be another lie. (After his world had been upended, yet again.)
“From the airport?” Barton said, startled.
“- have a look around.” At Steve’s panicked look, he held up his hands placatingly. “The suit will keep you safe until I get back, ok? FRIDAY, sentry mode.” Both arms rose, the repulsors powering up.
Back at the quinjet, Tony was somehow unsurprised to see Romanoff in the pilot’s seat. “Fancy meeting you here,” he said. “Bored already of the outlaw lifestyle?” He thought about dumping Steve on the nearest seat and getting the suit closed, but… well, if either of them had planned to kill him, it would have been a lot easier to do that before he’d had a kid in his arms. And although he couldn’t quite stop himself from looking over his shoulder periodically, the most Barton had managed in the way of revenge had been to roll his eyes. This … was not what Tony had expected. He shifted Steve in his arms again and considered what to do.
this Ayo, however much she might have impressed Romanoff. And he wished he trusted those who were going out there a little bit more, Vision’s presence notwithstanding.
The quote, "Grief is the price we pay for love" is from a longer quote from psychiatrist Dr Colin Murray Parkes, from his book, “Bereavement: Studies of Grief in Adult Life” (although it's more commonly remembered from a speech given by the Queen following 9/11).
belong to?) then they’d have to manage the flow of information very carefully indeed. There would be nothing preventing Mordo’s Hong Kong buddies from portalling back to Jabariland, with Mordo as their guide, to track down Steve and finish what he’d started. No, Tony had to be certain of them first.
She raised an eyebrow. “He knows you’re back in the country. He thinks it’s about time you stopped dodging his calls.”
In the meantime, he was stuck inside the mountain until Stabbity Ann decided to make an appearance.
he’d call her.
Clearly, they would be tracking him somehow - presumably the mountain would be enough to block the signal; not even radiation could escape if you shielded it with enough rock. Dammit, he needed to talk to Jane Foster...
Next time: the reality of looking after a sickly child starts to sink in.  And Tony realises that things are gonna get worse before they get better.
She rolled her eyes at him. “There is another one packed with your things,” she said after a moment. “In case you are… bored.”
“I guess.” He hesitated. He really hated to do this, but… “Hey, Legolas?”
“Not a robot, Steve. I'm human; it's just a suit.” Moving slowly, Tony opened up the faceplate. “See? All human.”
Steve’s breathing was ragged and uneven, coming in gulps and gasps.
Tony glared and pointed a finger at him. “Once! It was
Mordo folded his arms and leaned back in his chair, his lips quirking as Barnes jolted next to him at the movement. “I did not bring a resume with me. I trust that you will not require character references?”
As for Wanda… well, he wasn’t deluding himself. He was never going to be square with her. There was too much bad blood between them for that: her bargains, and his choices.
“Well,” Wilson grimaced, “not that it did much good. But you’re both civilians right now, and…” he leaned forward, filling the screen suddenly. “Listen, if you’ve changed your mind, if you want someone to just, I don’t know, get you and go to ground somewhere -”
Rhodey shrugs, helpless. Defeated. “We’re missing… I don’t know. A lot of it. There’s no medical certificate, so we can’t get the death certificate, so we can’t get... anything else.”
A little over three hours later, Romanoff opened the door and peered in. “We got him,” she said without any preamble. “T’Challa is talking to him now, and Wanda is making sure he behaves.” She raised an eyebrow at the sight of Tony with a squirmy and sweaty Steve - still in his Kevlar-lined coat - in his lap. “Hey, Steve. That doesn’t look very comfortable. D’you want to take that coat off?”
“You owe me considerably more than one,” she said, but she was smiling.
He cleared his throat to capture Barton’s attention, managing an insouciant smile and a raised eyebrow. "So, to be clear, in this scenario, I'm you, and you're my wife?"
“Security detail, fifteen years ago.” Even his voice sounded different. He flexed his shoulders and adopted the carefully blank expression of the security professional. “The cover story pack was comprehensive.”
.” He glanced across at Tony, then back over his shoulder at Mordo. “Did he do something, or…” He left the question dangling.
Judging by her expression, Okoye was as unimpressed as he was.
He scowled. He was done with apologising for Ultron, at least to his former team. It was pointless anyway; what would an apology even achieve? “We don’t know what kind of temporal event it is -”
don’t waste your life,
“You -” Barton gaped at him, then shut his mouth smartly. “You were lucid.”
“OK,” Tony said, too loudly, trying to be heard over the roar in his ears, “now that everyone is friends again, can we please get underway, I have a small child to collect from his babysitter.” He dipped his head in acknowledgement to Minoru. “Master Minoru, many thanks for waking our sleeping beauties, if your buddy tries it again we will definitely come back to you after taking his head off clean at the shoulders. D’you have a card? Of course you don’t, you’re a wizard, wizards don’t have cards - ah.” He looked down at the card, then back up at Minoru’s smirk. “OK, well, that’s - Outlook, really? That’s who you’ve gone with? No, no judgement -”
“If I go,” he said again, “Vision would need to remain here, with Steve.”
I did my best to keep Tony's injuries both vaguely in line with what someone suffering bleeding in his brain as a result of a concussion would experience, and the fast healing time that Wakandan surgery seems to enjoy. (I'm also drawing a distinction between medicine and surgery - just because someone is technologically advanced doesn't mean that their medicine is, hence Steve's mostly typical experiences of interventions, but their surgery is probably a lot more refined and therefore the recovery time a lot more rapid.)
“Is it your turn to play Miss, now?” Tony asked, unable to keep the bite out of his voice. Dammit, they’d already had one briefing, and he’d counted himself damned lucky that he’d been able to keep it all together. His temper had been fraying for a while; having everyone together again so soon after the last briefing was just asking for trouble. A part of him almost welcomed the inevitable bust-up; at least then he wouldn’t feel like he was waiting around for the other shoe to drop.
Steve smiled toothily at him, showing his green hands. “I made art with my hands!”
(The light was in his eyes and he squeezed them shut, trying to block it out, trying to breathe, trying to talk himself back from a gurney in another cave, years ago, the restraints inadequate against the terror and the pain.)
“I’ll be back in two days,” he told Steve, who was still clinging, frozen, to his hand, the small face terrified. He pulled free of the child’s grip and stood up. “I promise.”
, his hand small and still on the hospital linen, his face sufficiently similar so that Tony felt a pang of,
(His cardiologist says the tachycardia is a worry, and gives him beta blockers. His psychiatrist says that the anxiety is a worry, and gives him beta blockers. Whatever it is, the symptoms are the same, and the treatment is the same, and as long Tony has a problem with a name, he can fix it.)
She stepped back.
Wasn’t that the problem? That he could
“Tony,” Barton said, his voice hesitant, looking between the two of them. He’d subtly angled himself so that he was incrementally closer to Tony, facing off against Barnes and Maximoff. “Look. I agree with you. It’s a shitty position. But we don’t have a better plan. This is the most heavily-defended place we can think of. We’ve bottlenecked the entrances, and we’re confident that we can funnel the attacker through to where we need him to be. Vision and Scott are being as visible as possible in Burkina, making it look like the Avengers are occupied elsewhere, and OK, Sam’s with Rhodey - he’s having those surgeries the royal surgeon offered - but Nat and T’Challa are here, as are the Dora and the Jabari guards. And us, obviously.” Barton’s voice softened. “Tony. I wouldn’t put either one of you in danger if I could help it. We just… this is the best plan we have right now. And I didn’t want - I knew if I told you, you’d suit up, and you’d - if you were on the field, if you took another hit to the head -”
puppet him effectively…
“Do you?” She pursed her lips. “That child… he has already lived his life once. He has a mother, and a home. Maybe not right now, but… don’t make the mistake of thinking this way is easier. That it would be less complicated. The longer we leave it, the harder it’ll be to turn him back.”
“Um,” Tony said, trying to stop himself from turning bright red. “In that case - thank you for the kind gift?”
The rest of them eventually shuffled themselves into the seats around the wide conference table - Wilson taking one of the chairs away to give Rhodey room to wheel his chair next to Tony - and Barton stood at the front of the room. “OK, I’m not gonna sugarcoat it, we have a major problem.” As he talked, the screen lit up with photos from the base’s storage room. “SHIELD’s old files were a little thin on ritual magic, but I've gone through what I could find and it’s pretty obvious that some sort of portal was opened up using magical means.” He didn’t need to elaborate; the photos pretty much spoke for themselves.
, he thought wryly.
And how old was Wanda, exactly? Tony had never checked. Early twenties, maybe. Technically an adult, but still prone to childish thinking, and that tendency exacerbated by early trauma. Not a long time with Hydra - maybe not enough time to have seen what she’d truly signed up for before Ultron happened - and certainly still in that age bracket that thought grand gestures could somehow reverse reality. (That if something suitably impossible could be achieved, maybe reality would have no choice but to comply.)
He held out his arms, a peninent baring his breast for a death-blow.
he wasn’t alone, and wasn’t that the kicker? Because that knowledge had been volunteered, it had been surrendered to him as a peace offering. It had to be because the thing inside him had announced itself, had made itself known, and not because he had figured it out or learned to tell the difference of what was his own fear and that brought to him by someone else. It had to be, because he knew, now, that what he’d thought before hadn’t been his own mind at work, and he still wasn’t sure if he’d be able to stop it from happening again.
“Yeah.” However advanced Wakanda might be, drug delivery mechanisms hadn’t changed much in several hundred years and they still stuck to the tried and tested oral, intravenous, or gaseous routes (no magical Star Trek wand-waving). If Steve was down to the oral option of syrupy mixtures, it was a good sign the IV were hopefully behind them. Tony glanced down at the face mask propped on the pillow and carefully positioned it so it was easily accessible. “Have you used the mask yet?”
The thought had occurred to Tony. “If so, I’ll get us out of here.” Somehow, he doubted that anyone would be coming back. What he’d seen in the other room - the careful arrangement of bodies, the ritual aspects of it - had seemed pretty… final. Wherever the magic user had gone, they’d taken what they’d needed. Why would they come back for the corpses? “Tell the rescue to hurry, would you, baby girl? This place gives me the creeps.” He glanced back at the sleeping Steve. “And tell them to bring blankets and medical supplies, okay?”
“That you think of him as two people.”
"Uh huh," Tony said absent-mindedly, gulping down a coffee and flicking through the briefing pack T'Challa had emailed through.
want that fucking emotion in Rogers’s voice, he does not want to be dealing with this bullshit! He wants Rogers angry, seething, outraged - hell, he’ll even take the humiliated arousal he saw earlier - over this fucking
Mordo glared at Tony. “Nor do I expect to. I will not go into the particulars of our disagreement; suffice to say that it would be beyond your comprehension. Or frame of reference. Nevertheless…” He frowned. “What do you know about the attacks in London and Hong Kong, a few months ago?”
“Probably off to go do whatever it is super-spies do when they’re not babysitting Americans,” Rhodey said. He had positioned himself in the standard ‘stretch’ pose - legs crossed, torso level, arms stretched out on the floor - and was balancing himself with his elbows on the outside of his knees. “I didn’t get the impression that managing us was a stretch of her abilities.”
“It’s a swear bucket,” Romanoff corrected, unstrapping herself and cautiously approaching, hand held out, reaching for Steve’s cheek. “May I?”
Steve hiccupped, turning in his sleep, distressed, and Tony reached out again instinctively, soothing away the fright. “Shhh,” he whispered in another man’s voice. “It’s OK. I have you. It’s OK.”
Dammit, Tony really didn’t want to feel sorry for the bastard. (And he didn’t. This was… it was just a twinge, that was all. Barnes got everything that was coming to him. But maybe… maybe something like this was… a bit much.)
But then, he’d already told Barton that kids were easy.
Since -
She nodded a little at that, her face pale as she looked down at the scepter. It shimmered and faded into dust, sifting through her fingers.
None -
“Why me?”
"Later, baby girl. Later." It was going to be a long flight, and he needed to read up on all the ins and outs of the most recent Caucasian conflicts before he committed anyone else to this.
That being said, he couldn’t fault the man’s intentions.
he thought. The odd, swooping feeling in his stomach got worse.
Yeah, that was a conversation that
(This was probably not the place to snuff it. But maybe Okoye had trusted this guy for a reason; maybe he’d be able to protect Steve. That was the priority.)
“Did… did something happen?” Rhodey hadn’t mentioned anything, and he’d seemed okay when he’d returned, there’d been nothing in the news either, but…
Mordo met his gaze. “No. Not New York.”
Because, as just a man, he didn’t have it in him to hand over a scared child
Maximoff did not look up from pouring out the tea into the little porcelain cups, adding thin slices of lemon to each. “Not really.” She was positioned with her back to the open windows, her hair loose around her shoulders like a veil. There was a metal bracelet around one wrist, too solid-looking to have a clasp and too narrow to have been easily put on. Tony recognised it faintly as the one she had been playing with during the briefings. She touched it nervously again, twisting it around her wrist before seeming to realise what she was doing and letting her hand drop. “I - I should have asked if you wanted tea, I mean -”
Tony exhaled slowly, closing his hand around the knife and tugging it gently from the kid’s lax grip. “Thanks, buddy. I'm just gonna put this to one side so we don't trip over it, okay?” He slid the knife on top of one of the consoles.
He shook his head and bent to gather up Steve in his arms. “Hey, kiddo. How was your play-date?”
Clint wordlessly dragged across the duffel bag he’d dumped on one side, and produced a heavy thermal blanket from the depths, shaking it out. He attempted to reach around Steve to wrap it around him but stopped when Steve shrank back against Tony, hiding behind his leg.
“Yeah. And our mutual friend’s a great believer in efficiencies, so you’ll forgive me if that’s not enough for trust.” Fury could get blood out of a stone if he had a mind to it,
he thought, then grimaced.
That could cover any number of sins, especially with someone who had already been through so much. “What happened? Is he hurt?”
Barnes met his eyes without flinching and very slowly nodded.
Only, not quite.
After a moment, FRIDAY speaks up timidly into the silence. “Boss. Should I call for medical attention?”
The Steve in Tony’s mind’s eye had both hands up on the screen, trying to position it so that he could see properly. He’d managed to climb up on the table, unsettling the pebble and the screen, and was now trying to fix it with all the grace and efficiency of a distressed child.
(See the end of the chapter for
He hoped that their welcome party would arrive soon, and that they’d bring painkillers with them. And
“What is it you hope to accomplish?” The swordsman asked, sneering faintly. Tony could see the thin sheen of sweat beading on his brow. “Why this elaborate production? Surely it is easier to simply kill me.”
Comments are, as always, love.
” He couldn’t think of what else to say, how to express his happiness and relief for his friend. That he could have this part of himself back. That this hadn’t been taken away from him as well.
a pattern, enough for there to be a vaguely predictable map drawn up - and if this guy had Harry Potter powers at his disposal, he’d have been able to track her down a lot more easily. And he hadn’t. He hadn’t even taken a step in her direction, heading straight for Steve instead. “What does a ‘method of entry’ mean, exactly? A weapon?”
“Since - I don’t know, sometime during the night,” Tony said, his hackles rising despite his best intentions. “Look, I know I should have done something, but…” But he hadn’t known what to do. So he’d hoped it would go away, or at least wait until they were in Wakanda, in a hospital with proper medicine and, you know,
he thought again, deliberately.
rage? But no, Tony had gone straight for where the blood spatter still lay undisturbed around the corpse of their former friendship.
Tony thought, and rolled his eyes. “Yeah, keeping a seven year old alive was a great stretch of my abilities, Barton, thanks for the parenting award.” He looked down at the small face, almost dwarfed by the face mask. “And I nearly managed to screw that up, anyway,” he said petulantly, almost to himself.
That voice sounded like the thing inside him felt, shaken and scared. (It’s a child, he realised. For all that he’d thought it frightening and strong, part of that fear was because it was
“But it
Steve nodded and scrambled down from the bed, immediately heading for his art supplies, dwarfed in Tony’s T-shirt.
He bit his lip.
FRIDAY said, and
Even after everything that had gone wrong between them, wouldn’t Steve agree with him on this one small, self-evident truth?
“No,” Rogers interrupts. He doesn't attempt to reach for Tony again, although he stays close. Close enough to catch him, if Tony should fall. (If Tony's body should betray him again.) “No. Not because of that. Because I want to help.”
Blinking a little at the non sequitur, Tony nodded. “That was eighteen months - no, closer to two years ago? With…” He couldn’t remember the unit. It had been one of Rhodey’s last deployments with the Air Force, before his assignment had been changed to base him firmly on US soil. Before he’d started taking Avengers missions, as well as War Machine ones. Rhodey had been one of the senior liaisons to the Iraqi government, supporting the joint taskforce moving against ISIL. He’d spent several months in Kurdistan, overseeing the US Air Force/ US Army / Iraqi Kurdish peshmerga forces and ensuring that the supplied equipment was used correctly.
as well.)
But anyway, if T’Challa was hurt or killed, or if the team didn’t come back, they might have to scramble back-up quickly, and out of the four who’d stayed behind, Tony was the only one who was one, mobile, and two, not likely to be shot at on sight by 117 nations. Which was why Romanoff had spoken with Hill, apparently - “yes, she’s talking to Jane Foster, expect contact in the next few hours -” but she was also assembling some sort of new!SHIELD back-up.
No: the only things left would have been what Romanoff thought useful for Tony to hear.
Well. It was something to be getting on with, anyway. “We should probably watch this thing before Barton falls asleep on us.”
Dhakiya laughed, dimpling at him in genuine amusement. “You are charming, Dr Stark, I will admit. But not my type.” She shrugged one bare shoulder. “Besides. I think you have other… priorities right now.”
had stuck with him, though. Through losing his mom. Through Afghanistan, and Yinsen, and every death afterwards, Obie included.
“Even when I’m doing something incredibly stupid?” Tony asked, somewhat desperately.
“You haven’t listened to them yet?” Wilson interrupted, surprise on his face. “I’d have thought… OK, no, go on.”
He thought back to the feeling of Steve’s hand in his. To the soft catch of Steve’s breath as Tony walked away.
“That’s why, if I have to get us out of here, I’m gonna strap you to the front of the suit,” Tony tossed back over his shoulder. “You’ll be like the world’s worst hood ornament slash GPS system.” No need to mention the unibeam; true, Tony wouldn’t be able to carve his way through the entire mountain, but get him to an exterior wall and he’d do just fine.
He couldn’t mend fences with her the way he had with Barton. There was no earlier friendship to refer to, just more of the same: the same lies, the same mistrust, the same wariness of each other as if they were predators forced to share living space.
“Do we know why these rituals are being conducted?” T’Challa asked, his brow furrowing.
Whatever Rogers had to say couldn’t be worse than two years of betrayal.
Tony tried to say, but he still couldn’t get his breath back. His vision swam, mottled colours crowding him. How hard had that bastard hit him? He hadn’t lost consciousness, surely… “FRIDAY, status,” he managed to gasp.
“Sure,” Tony said, lying and not feeling even a little guilty about it. He had the kid, the magic de-aging doohikey, Rhodey’s treatment, his own R&D backlog, trying to get access to whoever had thought building Barnes a new murder-arm was a good idea… phone calls home were not gonna be top of the priority list. “Once a week, scout’s honour. Sorry again for waking you guys, go back to bed now, night night!”
“We could make more progress here on fixing things, if we were to try to work with Steve directly.” She hesitated. “If - if it’s because of me -”
Her gaze was pitying. “On you.”
Tony swallowed. He loved them more fiercely than he’d ever loved anyone in that moment, the feeling bright and hot in his chest. To know that, whatever he did, Pepper would always tell him if he was doing wrong, and Happy would always check that he was being safe, and that both of them would always, always take his side, no matter what…
“We shall all work together for the common goal,” Wanda said, with a sideways glance at the man sat next to her. Her lip curled in disgust, red sparks flying around her fingers. “No matter our own feelings.”
The kid’s face went smooth and blank. “Nothing,” he said quietly. “I’m good.”
Tony had already sent his thanks to them both for their hospitality, and to T’Challa for a bit more than that. Mordo was presumably in the Jabari equivalent of a time-out.
They had no idea what this psycho wanted, other than to make floor art with children’s bodies. All they had to go on were the remnants of the portals, and one dead eyewitness.
“FRIDAY, talk to me,” he muttered under his breath as soon as he was out of earshot.
So, yeah. Romanoff and Barton had both been maneuvering him for their own ends - or for what they saw as the
Obie’s voice sounded strange with a Brooklyn accent.
“Wasn’t wearing the suit when I found it.” He shifted Steve in his arms and looked down. “You want to stay with Clint while I go look?”
fault -
Steve? Why would Rogers be in a paediatric -
Something cold gripped Tony’s chest. He looked down at Steve’s messy blonde hair, at the way he hid his face against Tony’s chest and tried to block out the words.
Tony wasn’t sure whether the clinginess was a normal reaction, or something to get checked out. He’d rather gone along on the assumption that the parents in the room - which seemed to include M’Baku, interestingly - would tell him if there was something wrong with the kid. So far, though, both M’Baku and Barton had both just spoken gently to Steve, but otherwise left him to his own devices. Surely they would have said something if there was something seriously wrong?
“So how do you know it is her?” T’Challa broke in. “You said that she posed a threat to this entire Dimension, that if she is not stopped, reality itself is in peril. And yet you tell us that you do not have access to any of the information that would be useful, and that there has been sundering between you and your allies. How do you know what you know, and - forgive me -” his expression was hard, “what
It had to be Steve. Why else would Mordo be going through this whole ridiculous charade? Just to track Umar? No, that made no sense. There had to be more to it than that. Steve had figured out the pattern - and there
(See the end of the chapter for
“What’s going on there?”
Barton, sat in front of a separate screen with Wanda by his side, looked up at Tony briefly. “I think that means she doesn’t want to get in the way of the epic bromance.”
The red light deepened, the negatives spooling out more photos, Tony’s breathing shallow and pained.
hate me.”
And he'd rubbed his chest again, his small hand clenched on the fabric of his pyjamas as he'd sniffled, his eyes huge and watery.
Tony looked at Rhodey. Rhodey looked at Tony, his fingers still doing that nervous
God, Tony hated waiting.
clear that I don't dress in tights for anyone.”
“He’s totally your boyfriend,” Tony muttered, folding his arms petulantly. He debated picking a different topic, but… well, Rhodey had come to him, after all. “Why didn’t you tell me?”
“That’s - this is really not the time.”
“Well,” he said, putting a hand on the door handle, “shall we get this over with?”
“Steve’s gonna be fine,” Rhodey said in the short silence. He managed a smile, scrubbing a hand over his face. “I know it sounds serious, but it’s just a precaution, okay? You did good with him. You’ll see.”
she didn’t say.
He reached down and hugged Rhodey firmly. “Don’t let the physio get a free grope in when you’re not paying attention,” he said sternly. The doors opened behind him. “Wilson needs to guard your virtue.”
The hands were abruptly pulled away, and something hard and unyielding snapped into place instead, pinning him down. He strained against it, panicked, his breath coming is short, sharp gasps.
“This was your idea,” Tony said, appalled beyond words. “You came up with this.”
He wagged a finger in Rhodey’s direction and tried to inject some levity in his voice. “This conversation is
“Ah. So you’re here to play babysitter in case it all goes belly-up.” Tony looked across at the suit. It could still do with a few more hours, but he hadn’t lied to the kid: if the proverbial hit the fan, he could fly them both out of there. Of course, there wasn’t anywhere
Tony frowned. “I don’t see why they’d even - it’s experimental and untested, no-one’s going to hand out a derogation off the back of that.” He’d decided to hold off on the classification of BARF until he’d had a chance to think through the implications of it. If he filed it as a medical device he could probably get the FDA to swing approval - and he’d get a lot more in the way of R&D tax credits - but the obvious avenues for abuse made that tricky. He wasn’t about to nail his colours to the mast until he was 100% certain about what he was putting his reputation behind, and certainly not while he was sleeping four hours a night and compulsively checking that the stupid flip-phone was charged. (One minor miracle coming out of Steve being kiddified was that the phone had pretty much been left to languish in the suit’s secure compartment. No need to reassure himself that Steve wasn’t in danger when he had him sprawled out in deep sleep next to him in the car. Well, ‘him’ for a given definition of ‘Steve’, of course, but Tony wasn’t going to argue with the fever dream that had become his life at this particular point.)
It didn’t mean Mordo doesn’t have the same powers as Wanda, or Loki. They only had conjecture that Mordo wasn’t somehow playing a double-game, trying to work behind their back and back up Umar. And if the bastard had somehow hurt Steve, despite everything…
He really,
“What’s happening,” he slurred, distressed. His vision spun. "What's - Clint - I -"
“These?” The swordsman raised his arms, looking from one to the other, his expression untroubled. “They are temporary.” He lowered them back slowly, as if to stress that T’Challa should not underestimate him. “I assume you wanted to talk. You have gone to all this trouble.” His eyes narrowed. “What are you waiting for?”
“Oh,” she said quietly, “I think it is. If it has affected you this badly.”
“And whoever is waiting for us will be able to fight off a super-strong wizard wielding a sword?” He asked doubtfully, already turning in the direction of the mountains. His right boot repulsor had a bit of a list to it; a blow must have pushed it out of alignment. He bent his knee slightly to compensate, wincing at the pressure this put on his hip.
“Let’s pause on the shop talk until then, OK? I don’t want to wake the kid. It was a long flight and he hasn’t been sleeping well.”
Barton gave him an odd look, but obligingly helped him sit up, positioning the pillow behind him. “That OK? It’s Lord M’Baku.”
“I thought you might have some time to see me before the team checks in,” Maximoff said. She held up the tray in her hands as a sort of peace-offering. “I brought tea.”
“I’m Clint,” Barton said, trying not to laugh. He waved back. “How are you doing, Steve?”
He coughed and tried again. “We’re all very proud of you.”
She didn’t trust him, either.
“And a glamour?”
, he thought, then frowned. Had it been Pepper? It was a bit
“Urgh, I feel like I have a permanent hangover,” Tony told the basin.
“He’s just tired,” Tony said, almost apologetically.
He was back in Siberia, and Steve was straddling him. It was the Steve from his dreams, and he suddenly thought,
Tony thought in exasperation. “Is this where you tell me that the moral of the story is, I should have been more specific? Because you’re not winning any fans with your attempt to play the lawyer, here.”
Tny ground his teeth, feeling the last of his patience and energy ebb away. He was exhausted, operating on practically no sleep and the last reserves of his adrenaline, and yet again, Rogers was finding him wanting in some way. “What, Steve? What do you need?” Tony snapped. “I can’t make your beloved murderbot appear from thin air, I’m trying to keep you alive until we get out of here despite you being an even more irritating version than the adult you, and you don’t listen to me when you’re like this any more than you did when you were Captain Spangles. So
Tony patted his shoulder. “I know. I think we should get a bit more medicine in you and that’ll help, yeah?” He measured out the syrupy substance into the little spoon on the night-table and coaxed Steve into a sitting position so he could take it more easily. “How’s that?” He asked, trying not to laugh at the face Steve pulled.
Ah, yes. Well, that answered a few things.
“T’Challa said he couldn’t get a hold of you,” he said bitterly. “Why the hell did I believe that?”
He couldn't look away from the image where - helpless, terrified - Steve had begun to cry.
“I’ll just bet. Stall her, FRI. I’m not dancing to anyone’s tune until I’m good and ready.”
that, asshole,” he muttered, scrubbing a hand across his face.
Hill shrugged. “She told him where he could stick his concern. Politely. She may also have mentioned that no CEO worth her salt would let a NED mess up long-term strategy for the sake of short-term profits. That the liability shield between SI and the sub was practically impenetrable, and only an illiterate idiot would think she’d have signed off on it any other way. And a few other… less polite things.”
Tony had been somewhat preoccupied at the time, what with the Accords and BARF and… everything. “What attacks?”
He couldn’t stop the panic rising at the thought of it, of having everything forced back the way it was, but with something like this between them, like a knife in the bed.
“Shhh,” Tony said, his voice soft and low. “It’s OK. Go back to sleep.”
“Hey!”
these days. Tony scrubbed a hand through his hair, sighing.
Strange that Barton seemed to be one of them.
She led them through the back, up a rickety flight of stairs, and through a door that was labelled with the universally-understood pictogram of a toilet. (With an ‘out of order’ sign hanging on the door-knob.)
message three times before finally rerouting him to a forwarding contact.
Everything had seemed crystal clear when he’d been thinking it over at Steve’s bedside, but that didn’t guarantee that what had seemed obvious to him would be evident to anyone else.
Tony felt a chill at the thought. It wasn’t at all like what had been done to him and Bruce, of course, but… well, the intent was the same.
“No.”
was the most advanced tech in the room…
,” someone gasped, too close, and Tony went down in a tangle of limbs, the breath knocked out of him despite the suit’s cushioning.
“He kept a diary,” Romanoff translated. “Or a casebook, actually. Written, and audio. He gathered it together with his observations. And his… thoughts.” She nodded at the screen. “I have extracted the mission-specific elements for us. The audio… I will share on a need to know basis.” She looked at Tony, her expression inscrutable. “Tony. I suggest listening to it all the way through.” It did not sound like a suggestion at all.
He stood and stretched, groaning a little as his spine popped.
“Barnes is thawed, Legolas. I’m sure he can keep an eye on the kidsicle until Maximoff or whoever figures out how to de-shrink him.” He waved a hand. “I told Steve I’d bring Barnes back with me after the meeting; I’ll hand the kid over then.” Steve had been anxious again when Tony had headed out with Romanoff, but Tony had settled him down pretty quickly, promising to only be a couple of hours.
He heard again, from a long way away. Someone was nearby, someone who meant him harm, someone who was a danger to him and to the child. Someone was -
The nurse
“I’ll get a couple of things sorted and come back in a few minutes,” Barton promised from the doorway. “Do you think you could manage some food?”
M’Baku rolled his shoulders back. “Stark makes a good point. Fairy tales and monsters - it is a good story. But all we have are children’s corpses and radiation. For all we know, you are working with this butcher and this is simply a ploy to access the one child you have not slaughtered, yet.”
Tony was abruptly awake, suddenly aware of being sprawled out in his chair with a child slumped in his arms, Barnes bending over him. “Christ!”
Barton was looking at him oddly.
Tony really hated doctors who said stuff like this. He was in the
“I think you need to stay here,” Barton said after a moment. “Steve needs someone around him he knows, and if someone attacks him here you’re his best chance of getting out alive. And…” his gaze slid over to Rhodey and away again. A faint pink tinge appeared in his cheeks. “And we had to come up with a reason for you to visit Wakanda that wouldn’t be questioned by Ross. So…”
“You’re OK, it’s all OK. Come on, now, why don’t you tell me what’s wrong? You hungry? You hurt anywhere?”
Although I love "X is de-aged and left in the care of Y", I always wondered who got to make that decision. Like, sure, you can't just dump an undocumented child in the system and hope they're ok, but leaving them with someone who is frequently viewed as a bit of a disaster doesn't strike me as sensible either... *side-eyes all those "the team thinks Tony would fall apart if left a child to look after, so leave him a child to look after" fics* Wouldn't social services have a view? Wouldn't
Steve submitted to being ruffled without complaint. “OK.” He grabbed on to Tony’s arm and climbed up on his lap like a child much younger, or at least one still used to being carried.
“Thanks,” he managed after a moment. He cleared his throat. “Anyway, it’s all been squared away with T’Challa, so if anyone has a problem… take it up with him, I guess.” He looked back down at Steve, and
Tony translated, and mentally shrugged. It was a stroke of luck that Barton had been sent, really; for all that Barton likely wanted to put an arrow in Tony’s head, his loyalty to Rogers hadn’t ever wavered. And he was the only one on the team who had actual parenting experience. If they were lucky, the kid would attach to him on the flight over and once they got checked over by medical, Tony would be able to just… go. He still had to investigate the clusterfuck of nightmare fuel in the other room.
“What?” Tony asked defensively, adjusting his grip. Steve’s arms automatically wrapped around Tony’s neck as the hold was corrected, settling him against Tony’s hip more comfortably, sneakered feet kicking gleefully. Tony was painfully aware that Rhodey hadn’t been there when he’d arrived with the spy twins and the kid, and that this was possibly the first time he’d seen them interact. “This is easiest.”
“They’re so
, of all people. The woman couldn’t stand him.
God, no wonder Wilson had been willing to compromise. No wonder he’d tried to make a deal with Tony, tried to get them all to a non-violent solution. If this was one of his main objections…
“... sure,” Tony said, ignoring Vision’s inquisitive gaze. “Sure, we can do that.”
“Likewise, asshole.” Wilson smiled and flipped him the finger before he rang off.
He knew that, first hand. (He still couldn’t tell Pep he was ‘fine’. Those words were now forbidden, stricken from the vocabulary of their friendship. He had said them one too many times, and now,
There was a long pause. “Yes,” T’Challa said finally. “I rather thought you might.” He smiled at whatever he saw in Tony’s expression. “I assume you’re not here for my permission?”
” Steve said, sounding both congested and outraged at this grave injustice. He glared up at Tony, who shrugged back, and squirmed around to wave at Clint politely. “Hello, mister. I’m Steve Rogers, what’s your name?”
The small hand squeezed Tony’s fingers tightly. “My chest hurts,” Steve said plaintively.
bitter.
Barton held up his hands. “Hey, man, you wanna sit in silence and stew on things, be my guest. Me, I’m just figured you could use someone in your corner on this.”
, not a weakness of theirs that they failed to see it.
He could be out there right now, stranded alone on some ship, some planet, with no way to come home. He could be slowly suffocating, waiting for a rescue that would never come.
All of that meant that only Natasha and Wanda were left of the team (with Scott Lang looking somewhat awkward off to the side); a strange group by anyone’s standards, and certainly not one made up of Tony’s biggest fans. He had in fact briefly considered dismissing this leave-taking as just another mission-related departure - no different from Lang and Vision’s earlier jaunt across half of ECOWAS - but he doubted that Natasha would let him get away with a move like that. And Barton would likely never let him hear the end of it. No, best to man up and take it on the chin.
Tony gave him a full twenty seconds of maximum glare before finally relenting. “Other than her walking in my dreams, that is.”
There was a certain nobility, he thought, in Mordo’s face. It was an intelligent, attractive face, with expressive eyes and an honest mien. It was the face of a statesman, or a teacher. It was a face that inspired trust.
Wait, wh- oh.
“Laura has a swear jar,” Barton said.
Oh, Barnes had been given the all-clear - for a given definition of all-clear, which seemed to mean,
Maybe he should have a go at mentally compartmentalising this whole episode as ‘Steve’s hypothetical kid’, rather than ‘Steve as a kid’. It was a long shot, but it might minimise the chances of Tony screaming at the poor kid for something his adult self had done. (Not that this scenario had been tumbling over and over in his head on repeat ever since T’Challa had dropped his little bombshell, not at all.)
“Anyway, I don’t see why they’d bother putting trackers on you. It would have been much easier to bug the quinjet instead,” Barton threw over his shoulder.
“I’m sure he won you the entire stuffed animal gallery, Barnes, that doesn’t mean you can give him a gun,” Tony said sharply. He didn’t know how he felt about Barnes making an effort - and he had, clearly he had, albeit an odd and clumsy one - and he didn’t know how he felt about Steve’s interest, either. But some things - such as a gun near the kid - he had very strong opinions on. He put a hand on Steve’s shoulder and firmly steered him towards the bedroom. “OK, kid, let’s get you into your travelling gear if we have to make a speedy exit. Action man over here can watch out for Norman Bates.” He made a face as he ushered the child out of sight. “Can the seven year old handle a gun, my God…”
me?” He couldn’t fucking believe it. Well, no, given the way his life had been going lately he absolutely
Goddamnit, his head hurt. “Shaddup,” he mumbled, grimacing. He blinked, dragging himself back to wakefulness with an effort. The light was right in his eyes and he winced, turning away.
He staggered out of bed, pulling on a pair of black slacks and a grey cashmere sweater before heading into the bathroom. The illuminated mirror greeted him with a bruised-looking reflection that was perhaps not unexpected, given that he'd had a grand total of seven hours' sleep in two days.  He grimaced and ran the cold tap until it was icy, splashing some water on his face. He looked like a raccoon, for fuck's sake. Did he have time to tidy himself up a little, try to cover up some of the bags under his eyes? Probably not, if T'Challa was calling him urgently. He dragged a comb through his hair and called it quits. At least he looked reasonably alert.
T’Challa shrugged minutely and Tony grinned. He was starting to get the hang of M’Baku. Talked tough, looked scary, especially when he folded those impressive arms of his, but - “Nonsense, I’ll need dinner and flowers before any gagging, I’m not some cheap floozy,” he said breezily and flopped down in his chair. “Anyway, I already swooned on you, the next grand romantic gesture is on you, big guy.”
“FRIDAY, warm him up, please, and run vitals while you’re at it.”
He’d had quite enough of Barton’s meddling. “I really don’t think that -”
Moving slowly, he slid his hands under Steve’s (too thin, too narrow) shoulders and lifted him up and into the seated, open armour. He was small enough to fit easily in the chest cavity, his knees pressed to his chest. Tony thought about pulling the armour closed a little around him, but he wasn’t sure whether Steve had any issues with confined spaces and the last thing he wanted was a crying fit on his hands.
Barton was silent for a moment. “Ah. OK.”
But -
“This has fuck-all to do with the Accords!” He breathes deep, reaching for calm. “Don't worry. Nothing to do with that. Just a small medical problem. I'm sure Barton mentioned it. Or Wilson, maybe.”
“Absolutely,” Tony agreed easily. He slid his hands in his pockets, turning his back to the window and leaning against the glass. “So, if it wasn’t about Barnes, what was it about, then? Just for my own edification.”
of them?” He snapped. “I don’t buy it.”
2) Ross was only recently injured in the film, and they were able to operate immediately. Whereas Rhodey has had several weeks of his injury, and the damage would therefore be more permanent. Not to say that they can't help, and they will, at least a little, but it's not a magical "oh, and he's healed!" moment.
Tony could do absolutely nothing about it, out here. “I’ll call you back.” He disconnected the call and snapped up the faceplate, squinting in the bright artificial light of the airport. “So, if we put the cuffs back on you, you’ll just take them off again, is what you’re saying. And that’s supposed to build bridges of trust and understanding?” And that was assuming he took Mordo’s new-found goodwill on trust; God only knew what he’d done to the others.
Rhodey was silent for a long moment. “Just like that, huh,” he said finally. His voice was very soft. “Tony. Sam told me what he’d said to you. I won’t say I’m sorry to have had the surgery or any of that stuff, obviously, but…” he sighed. “I wish I’d been there.”
. His fingers went to his wrists, to where he could feel the metal of the suit bracelets. He'd put them on once he'd repaired the suit, and never quite got around to taking them off again. It was probably for the best, anyway; it couldn't hurt to have the suit accessible wherever he was. (It wasn't like he had someone in his bed he needed to be considerate of, anyway.)
“Did… did it have anything to do with you stabbing random people? ‘Cause, let me tell you, at the moment I’m mostly on
Steve looked up from where he was carefully smoothing down his drawings on top of his neatly stacked dozen or so books and clambered to his feet. He presented himself to Tony - clad in clean and mostly rumple-free clothes, sockless feet jammed into his Iron Man sneakers. “I’m all ready!” He declared, pointing to the small box of toys and the pile of books with clear accomplishment on his face. “When are we going?”
Romanoff smiled with all her teeth. “He’s human, more or less.”
“Ready?” Romanoff asked, her hand on the conference room door.
” It was too loud. His hand was against the table, bracing him as he half-stood. “No,” he said, more quietly, and settled back down again. “I don’t think that’s a good idea.” Tony reached for the tea on the table; hot liquid sloshed over the side of the cup as he lifted it, trembling, into his lap. The hot weight of it was comforting against his chilled fingers.
“Yeah,” Tony muttered, rubbing at his chest. “Barnes wasn’t the hit we were hoping he’d be. Guess he’s not as universally popular as Rogers had thought.” Barnes hadn’t been back since the ill-fated introduction. In retrospect, Tony should have probably primed Steve a little with how his bestest buddy ever was all grown up as well, but…
The walk across the Bashenga Ward and through to the Outpatients Clinic was a pleasant one, through a little courtyard with a small fountain and benches positioned around it. The location was carefully thought out, the tall building the courtyard bordered giving it shade from the strong tropical sun and sheltering it from the stiff breeze that whistled overhead.
Steve nodded jerkily. “She - she said I was supposed to know how to do stuff like that.”
Steve hid his face against Tony’s neck as they walked, his eyes peeking out over Tony’s shoulder to peer at the woman.
Tony pressed his lips to the top of Steve’s head and said nothing, letting the child cry himself out.
“Stay back,” Okoye hissed, and positioned herself so that she was shielding him with her body, her weapons drawn.
well, the first time,” Tony said faintly. But, then - “hold on, if you didn’t know -”
“What more,” you ask, and your voice rasps, “could they possibly want?”
Tony’s breathing was loud and wet as he clenched his eyes, fighting to keep his palm open.
What other things had Rogers lied about? After Siberia, Tony had found himself combing back through their time on the team together, trying to figure out what things might have been kept from him. His parents, Barnes… what else? Fury’s fake death, of course. Tony had been told by Hill - who evidently had reason to keep him on-side, even if no one else did - and she had told him that he could contact Fury through her, through Romanoff, or through Rogers. Rogers himself hadn’t mentioned it, though, and Tony hadn’t thought further on that at the time. But it was possible that neither Rogers nor Romanoff had known that Hill had approached him.
“Right,” Tony bit off, “just like you didn’t place him in danger to lure this guy here?” He could feel his pulse, hot and thick, thudding in his ears. They couldn’t do this. This wasn’t - it’d been bad enough he’d taken Peter with him to Berlin, when the kid was barely in his teens. It had been awful, a mistake, and he still woke up in a cold sweat thinking about everything that could have gone wrong. And now, now, what, he was supposed to be OK with taking Steve to a battlefield? Steve, who had asthma, who clung to Tony in his terror, who was alone and helpless and
Tony breathed hard, trying to push back the instinctive panic at being startled awake. “Don’t fucking
he checked with T’Challa’s med team that the Soldier was safe to be around. For all that Tony didn’t want to spend any more time with him than he needed to, he also didn’t feel entirely comfortable handing the kid over until he was certain that certain safeguards were in place. “If we’re done here, I suggest we go give the kid his beloved Bucky back, and make sure that we’ve figured out the baby-sitting. No offence, Barnes, but I’m gonna want to check what arrangements have been made to keep you under control so I don’t come back to find that you’ve turned the kid into part of the exhibit.” He waved a hand at the projection still on the screen. One small face stared blankly into the camera from the bottom-right corner, its eyes filmy-white.
That took the breath from Tony’s lungs, leaving him choking. “
at where Natasha had been drilling a hole in his head with her level gaze for the last five minutes. On his other side, Okoye shifted minutely. “So, if that’s everything -”
He wished he could be sure of that. But even if Tony thought of the child and the man as two separate people, it didn’t look as though Steve himself agreed with that delineation. After the initial shock of finding himself in this new body, he’d certainly seemed as though he’d understood exactly what had happened to him, and how he had been altered. Or perhaps Tony was being uncharitable here, leaning towards the natural contrariness that the two of them seemed to occupy whenever they were in the same space. Maybe Steve had not thought through the implications.
The eyes might be the same, but it wasn't the same Steve looking back at him. “Steve?” Tony held his breath.
Tony stared at the zoomed-in image. It took a minute - maybe longer - but he finally saw what Wanda was doing. Every time the bracelets crackled, she would tense up a little, her own magic flaring, pushing against the swordsman’s power. “Wanda…”
-known quantity, anyway. “What’s the plan, then?” He asked, accepting the blanket and brusquely wrapping it around the kid. He hesitated a moment - a small part of him wondering if Barton would take it as a threat, and then another part of him telling him to quit being paranoid, and then
“Do you have a point, Tony?” Rogers grits out.
He hesitated for another moment before abandoning the voice and squatting down instead to be face-to-face with the kid.
Tony looked at him out of the corner of his eye. Barton was still pale and washed out, and there was a thin sheen of sweat along Barton’s hairline.
Steve sounded - he sounded -
(See the end of the chapter for
“My suit is plenty rein- look, that’s neither here nor there. Can we get back to the terrible plan?”
Even over the Accords, that hadn’t been trust, that had been… reliance that her self-interest had aligned with his position. (It really shouldn’t have come as a surprise to him that she’d switch sides; he’d been half-expecting it, after all. What could he offer her to stay with him that Rogers couldn’t provide, a thousand times over?)
“And then what?” M’Baku asked, sounding bored. “You will twirl your little sword and she will tremble?”
That much had been made abundantly clear to him.
However this thing played out, it wouldn’t look especially good to the UN to have a major US industrialist expire on Wakanda’s doorstep. Not if T’Challa’s programme of internationalisation was going to go ahead. “I’m grateful for your assistance. Your guards are formidable.”
“No! That’s not Bucky! It’s not Bucky, you
of that look. It had pissed off both Obie and Fury in equal measure; Tony should have received a fucking
He woke somewhere warm an indeterminate amount of time later. He couldn’t see anything, and he couldn’t move, but he was warm, and there was a breathing, snuffling little body curled up against his, so it was probably OK. It was probably fine. Even if he was in the dark, and he couldn’t move, it was -
A few hours later, Tony was ready to declare that the worst part of recovery was the God-awful vomiting. It had kicked in about ten minutes after he’d finished the shake (it had taken him an hour) and had yet to fuck off.
. No, they wouldn’t have told Rhodey. Lang might have been against it - he had a kid, if Tony was remembering correctly - and although M’Baku had clearly agreed to go along with it, he hadn’t agreed with keeping Tony out of the loop. The others, though? Christ, he had no idea. Would Romanoff have backed Barton or Barnes on this? Wilson? T’Challa?
“Of course he aced Chem, he’s a good kid, he studies - just keep him on ice, OK, I’ve got my hands full a bit, and -” He just had to get this sorted, and then he could pick things up with Peter (who was old enough to hopefully not get killed in the meantime, and man alive was Tony ever grateful for the ‘training wheels’ protocol).
Tony thought, unreasonably irritated by this. It’s not like he’d ever figured out a way to get on Rogers’s good side when he’d been an adult, and it looked like the pint-sized version was just as set against him.
and… well, that’s where natural contrariness came unstuck. Because what could he do instead? Bother Rhodey at physio? Stay by the kid’s bedside and fret over his breathing?
Rhodey coughed into his fist in a way that sounded awfully like,
Tony stared, his mouth dry. It was a portal. It was a
didn’t know what they were dealing with. But -
One of them is standing in his workshop, in contravention of every expectation of human decency and shame and, and, he's run out of expectations. “FRIDAY, take a note,” he says again, and loses his train of thought. He has his hands on his worktop and it's cool and solid beneath his touch. His grip tightens as his vision swims.
And what options had been left open for Wanda? An arrest warrant, exile...
“Steve’s fine, he was chilled, but no injuries. They gave him something to put him to sleep for a bit, it’s the best thing for him. Rhodey’s fine,” Barton reassured him, shifting closer. He still had his uniform on, and a shiner of his own across his left eye. “He’s at the hospital in Birnin Zana. No one’s gunning for him, and -” his cheeks briefly heated up. “Uh, the mountain’s not exactly wheelchair accessible. Dhakiya’s staying with him.”
That much was obvious. But if he was working with the portal creator…
Slowly, Rhodey nodded. “I can’t speak for where Sam falls on this,” he said after a moment, “but for what it’s worth, you know I got your back on this, any way you need me.”
He was on his feet suddenly, shoving at her, at the false image. His hands were icy where they touched the edges of it, trying to erase it.
, was stupid.
He circled the Hydra base before landing. From his initial scan, it looked to be abandoned. Lead lining as well; someone didn't want prying eyes inside.
Wanda…
Steve seemed to be waiting for Tony to make eye contact before sniffling with extra pathos.
He blinked. “
Tony swallowed down the gorge that threatened to rise. Even having seen it once in the flesh did not prepare him for or inure him to the trauma in the images.
, Katniss. How would you react if I was dangling one of
“Maybe,” she acknowledged soberly. “But I can’t think of any other way to make you see that you’re not a special snowflake.”
Well, that ought to cover any number of sins.
“How is he?” A voice said, and it was like a bucket of icy water.
He followed the trail of destruction until he came to what looked like a command centre. The damage was greatest here: the doors had been ripped clean off their hinges, the computers almost entirely destroyed. And, in the centre of it all -
He jolted awake and almost fell off the edge of the bed, grabbing hold of the headboard and putting a foot on the ground to steady himself.
Tony did not fail to spot this.
Okoye straightened up beside Barnes. “There is no strategic value in using the child,” she said slowly. She tipped her head to one side, concentrating. “Unless there is a link between the creator of the portals and him that we cannot see.”
wait until -”
He stopped in his tracks, his arm frozen around Steve’s thin shoulders.
you to do that, and -”
(See the end of the chapter for
“He’s a psychopath,” Tony blurted. “They all are, I think - the one we met in Hong Kong, whoever the fuck is running their New York temple - only this one wears it on his sleeve. And he’s the one bending T’Challa’s ear on what our plan should be. Fuck, Rhodey, he wants access to
“Yeah, hold on.” He turned off the tablet and pushed all the papers back into the box before securing it and going to the door. “Who is - oh.”
Rogers seems determined to pledge himself to deliver the impossible.
He patted Steve on the head, ruffling his hair, and got back up. “Well, what’s the verdict, doc?”
M’Baku, for his part, was less than amused to be roused out of bed at three in the morning for a conference call. “If you insist on prattling senselessly, mzungu, I shall have you gagged.” He scrubbed a hand over his face, looking tired, and slumped into the nearest seat. “I may opt for that in any case.” He glared at T’Challa, sat by his side. “He does not cease, this one. None of them ever shut up, whine whine whine. How do you stand it?”
“The Oakland centre will provide additional security to ensure Dr Stark’s safety,” Okoye said, serene as a monk. “
“I’ll speak to Rhodes,” Vision said. “If he is well enough to travel, I will ask him to come out.”
Above him, Steve snarled, and lifted the shield up again.
“The wibbley wobbley timey wimey spilled over and caught the Hydra goons and Rogers in the backwash,” Barton translated for the benefit of any idiots in the room, still with that obnoxious, too-bright smile. His eyes were anxious when they flickered between Tony and Barnes.
“Yucky,” the kid managed, taking a quick sip of his water and then flopping back down again.
doing here? I told FRIDAY…” He’d told her to send help. And he’d got Barton and Romanoff instead. Where was Vision? And what the hell was Rhodey doing in Wakanda, he was supposed to be in - “You said you were doing down to Bethesda,” he said, bewildered. “I asked if you wanted to stay in New York, and you said you needed some space to concentrate on your recovery and you were being transferred down to Walter Reed. You
he’d admitted miserably to her.
It probably was, Tony thought, but unfortunately all of his other options were even worse. He rather thought that Pepper might disagree, though. “I need to work with Shuri on this, and she’s based in Oakland.”
Barnes spoke up slowly. “He said,
Tony looked at him sharply. T’Challa sounded genial enough, but it was hard to read him. To Tony’s inexpert eye he looked a little ruffled, as if he had dressed hurriedly, although he was wearing his formal robes rather than the Black Panther suit. Had he been asleep when Tony had requested to see him urgently? Or maybe he had been working in informal clothing he did not wish to be seen in.
“Leave it, Barton,” Tony said wearily, slumping in the seat. “Just leave it, for fuck’s sake.”
- and - and - Bucky threw up from the ice cream, and I
As part of a thought exercise what felt like a million years ago, maybe, or however he was going to justify to himself wanting to both show willing and not to actually follow through. It was, he thought to himself, the team equivalent of a social nicety.
There were a ridiculous amount of plates in the air. Steve, Umar, the Accords, Ross, the whole fucking team… his head ached abominably, a tell-tale sign that he hadn’t hydrated enough on the flight.
Mordo was staring at her, his eyes wide. Whatever impatient irritation had been in his expression seemed to have melted away entirely as he stared at Minoru.
The walk seemed to take
Tony reasoned.
“He hasn’t exactly endeared himself to us,” Tony broke in. “And he’s using you as his get-out-of-jail-free card. Said you’d vouch for him.”
Vision watched him gathering up all his bits of paper. “I take it we do not have good news.”
“Let me refresh your tea,” he said, his voice a croak.
Tony grimaced.  “I’m fairly certain everyone in that room put a tracker or two on me,” he muttered, discomfited. He had been busy buckling Steve into the child-friendly harness when Barton had wandered back from the cockpit to check - again - on his progress. By this point, Tony was starting to feel some sympathy for all those times Jarvis had had to coral his child self anywhere by a specific time. He stood, half-turning to Barton.
Yeah, no. “Really? Just like that, the whole gang back together. Is everyone singing kumbaya? Did I miss the group hug?” He could feel the assholishness of his tone grating, but he couldn’t stop himself. Sure, Rhodey and Vis would be kicking back in Birnin Zana, probably having a nice drink with Wilson, maybe playing a bit of croquet with Maximoff.
Her mouth hung open for a second, working mutely, before she nodded, her hair swinging with the movement. Her hands opened and closed uselessly in her lap. “All right. I - I apologise.” She looked away. “That’s what I came here to say. I apologise.”
He left Mordo with Wanda and M’Baku - whose shoulders seemed to have grown an extra few inches in size from sheer rage at Mordo’s audacity - and went back to their (secure, warded,
“Don’t tell anyone,” Tony confided, “but so am I. Go take a shower or something before you go snuggle my honeybear, Sam. And get some fucking sleep, OK? You look like shit.”
Something in Tony broke at that. At having someone that pleased to see him, as if his whole world had been made better by Tony being in it. He hadn’t felt that way since -
He was under no illusions about the level of contact that T’Challa expected the research lab to maintain, or that he was essentially removing the one real block - himself - to Mordo putting access to Steve back on the table.
late, she said quietly,
And yet Mordo was still watching him with that same patient look…
Barton did not bring him Jane Foster’s notes, or anything remotely useful. (Tony was starting to get paranoid that everything was being withheld until he could prove he could tie his shoelaces.) He didn’t even bring Tony a sandwich, instead depositing a rainbow shake - complete with straw - in front of him.
Or even,
He looked down at Steve’s head and fought the urge to sigh. The child hadn’t let go of him since being deposited on Tony’s chest a few hours previously, and Barton’s supervision had had to be conducted in or around Tony’s bed. At least Steve was back to interacting with Barton; for a while, Tony had worried that he’d had one shock too many.
Well, at least Wilson was trying. Grudgingly Tony admitted to himself that maybe -
a sister. Although it was obvious that she was young. And - judging by her work - a one in a generation mind.
“Yeah,” Romanoff said grimly. “That’s what I was afraid of.”
Something seemed to go cold in Tony at that.
A few minutes later, Barnes wandered back in. He’d changed into a black suit and white shirt, with plain black gloves and dark glasses on a nondescript face. There was a wire in his ear, and his hair was gelled back neatly.
The child was silent for a while. Then, “laces, and clothes, and - and tidying things.” His voice hitched. “She said - she said that her job was to look after me. And my job was to - to do the same.” He looked up at Tony.
Barnes looked at Steve. Steve - peeking around Tony’s leg with interest - looked back. “He… I thought… We went to the Boardwalk on Coney Island, one summer. I thought…” He shook his head. “I thought I remembered…”
He glanced back at the closed bedroom door and decided to make the most out of having the kid still asleep. He showered as quickly as humanly possible and fixed up some coffee. He’d need to get the suit fixed, of course. It was patched up enough to have some of the emergency functions back, but if they had a prolonged fight coming, it needed a few more hours of work.
Tony sighed. “I’m just gonna sit here and read for a bit. You wake up when you’re ready.” He opened up the briefing pack Barton had prepared for him, leaning back in his chair.
Hands landed on him, and that hurt as well. Someone he cared about was shouting, or screaming, or crying, and it mattered, it
“As I said,” Mordo said quietly. He held up his hands to Okoye, as if offering them up for the bracelets. “I did not harm anyone. Your colleagues are merely… sleeping.”
“That is not what the Dora say. They say, and the courts say, and unless your little problem is solved, the papers will say, and then, oh, I might even read the paper on that day, just to see your face.” M’Baku leaned in, showing the point of his teeth in a wolfy smile. “Your compatriots are in Gorom-Gorom, hunting down abducted girls. They have left you here in my care, under my protection, and they go off, and for why? To play at heroes? Do they even have a plan, Stark?”
A painfully bright light was waved in Tony’s eyes and he irritably smacked it away. “Go away, my head hurts.”
“Yes,” Okoye said, expressionless. She might as well have been carved from stone.
He’d asked, smart-mouthed as always.
He didn’t even know what to call it. Re-prioritising? Conflicted? Needing a bit of space so his head stopped feeling like it was going to explode?
He cut the connection. Looked down at the papers.
Tony turned around and glared. “You will
"If it was one of mine, I'd be climbing the fucking walls, sure. But Laura would tell me what I'm telling you - you're of no fucking use to him this wound up. You'll only scare him even more. Get your head on straight before you see him." Barton glanced up, meeting Tony's eyes, managing a small smile. "I know it's hard. But you spoke to him, he's not in danger at the moment. So figure out what you're gonna say to him, because running in there like this will just make it worse."
“Should I ask for a poison taster?” Tony said, then immediately regretted it when Rhodey looked at him, his smile dropping. “Sorry. Habit.” He’d have to watch that. He didn’t know or especially like Wilson, but if he was in Rhodey’s life now… he’d have to figure things out.
for that look.) And...
(Steve’s knuckles were white, Tony realised suddenly. His knuckles were white because he was clinging so tightly to Tony’s leg, using all his strength to hold on. Because Tony had kicked the chair away and now, now -)
There go those wide eyes again. “If … if you are implying…” The bastard is
eavesdropping, and sighed. “Let’s get this over with. Legolas, hurry up with the coffee, I’m dead on my feet.”
“Let’s go with yes,” Tony said, and crossed his fingers behind his back. T’Challa had indeed been able to issue Steve with papers - Wakandan ones. In theory, of course, Steve had US citizenship. Claiming that - without revealing who he was - was something that Tony had immediately discarded as too complicated and likely to draw Ross’s attention. No, flying under the radar was preferable. If Ross tried to interfere, they had a few options open to them, starting with simply putting Steve on a diplomatic plane back to Wakanda, moving to holing up indefinitely in the Wakandan consular space that Shuri nominally headed up, and even having custody transferred to Shuri to extend diplomatic immunity. Hell, if the shit ended up hitting the fan and everything else fell apart, Tony could pull the nuclear option out of his pocket and file for adoption, and Ross could go whistle.
“You OK?” Rhodey murmured as he wheeled into the room and to Tony’s side, taking in the ridiculous stand-off.
“Is Bucky coming to get us? Or,” Steve swallowed. “Or a grown-up?”
Steve stared at him, his eyes huge. (He still had the odd bit of green paint in his hair that Tony hadn’t been able to wash out the night before and had eventually surrendered to.) He didn’t say anything.
“Mordo said it was around here.”
Diplomatically put, Tony thought. T’Challa was hardly going to say,
Surprisingly gentle hands caught him as he fell.
“Well, I’m not gonna fight you on that, but in this instance it’s no bad thing.” Rhodey frowned, peering at him as if he could assess the state of Tony’s brain through the projection. “How’re you doing? And the kid?”
Barnes made himself - well, comfortable was probably over-stating it, given that he was on his feet, facing the only entrance into the room.
, goddamit -”
“Umar is active again,” Mordo rasped, trying without much success to pull free of Minoru’s grasp. “You know what she will do if she is allowed to access - let
(He dreamt of snow.)
“Good tailwind,” he said, his eyes on the closed bedroom door. “Katniss, you know where the coffee is, help yourself.” He waved a hand in the vague direction of the coffee pot. Barton could caffeinate, or not, as he pleased; with Romanoff available, he’d probably be more willing to open up, anyway. Actually, come to think of it, that's probably why he’d followed Tony in the first place, old habits dying hard. “How’s Steve?”
. They could guard the Stark Industries industrial park from
“The guy you fainted on? Lord M’Baku,” Barton prompted, his expression tightening.
Tony took a slow breath and carefully re-folded the picture, slipping it back between the pages of the book. The edges stuck out, frayed and fragile. He touched one worn corner and stood still for a moment, feeling something warm and undefinable spread through him.
Steve nodded, his eyes on the book. On the inside cover there was a lovely watercolour illustration of a small blonde boy, dwarfed in his princely tunic, holding a sword up with both hands.
He thought he remembered - He raised a hand carefully, checking his own forehead for any lumps or scars, then further back. He couldn’t feel anything amiss, but… maybe he’d mis-remembered. Surely surgery would leave marks, no matter how targeted the keyhole? “Is it all OK? I think I remember - there was surgery, right? Something like that? Was it OK?”
Tony thought. A black haze prickled at the edges of his vision, threatening to swamp him. He had to get the kid to safety. If he couldn’t fight the guy… There was really only one option. (He hoped that Maximoff wouldn’t take it personally.)
- “I’m in charge here, he’s
And Tony had fallen for it, of course; hell, he’d done half of it himself in rifling through the tagging. What’s to say that the first few times his name came up weren’t iterations of
That doesn’t really work as an option anymore. Half the world is missing, and those that are left live in a system where a piece of paper and condolences are not enough.
And after that, he thought uneasily, he’d have to make nice and say their goodbyes to the others.
To his surprise, she nodded. “I know,” she said quietly. “That’s why I told you to listen. So you’d remember there is still unfinished business.” She looked up at him and smiled. “You know, I had a whole section in your assessment - your first team assessment - about your compulsive need for family. You look for it everywhere you go. You collect people into it, and when you need more than what’s there, you make them yourself, with your own hands.” She reached out and closed a hand around his gauntleted wrist. “Every time you look at that child, I want you to remember that you can’t resolve anything that happened between you until Steve is back.”
, not by staring directly at the innocuous facade.) Tony could picture this place as a holy headquarters very easily, especially if the disciplines could portal in and out. “After you.”
Fuck it. He was worried. It wasn't - quite - the sort of worry that had Happy sending him frequent updates on the spider-kid; it wasn't even the sort of worry that had led him to get a tracker on Pepper, and Happy, and Rhodey (and now Steve). It was different, wasn't it? The Peter thing was pretty close, sure, but Peter... he had his aunt, and Happy was watching out for him, and the suit would keep him out of trouble. Peter would be fine, and the best thing Tony could do for him was to keep his distance. (No matter how much he might want to just check on the suit’s location.)
Yeah, that pretty much laid to rest any doubt in Tony’s mind over what was going on there.
A little while later, he looked across at where Mordo continued to sit perfectly still, his eyes closed, his body lax, without a hint of guilt for his actions. The noble statesman, willing to make the morally grey choices those around him shrank from; more sinned against than sinning.
Tony really, really hoped that someone was gonna have T’Challa’s back out there. Romanoff had laughed when he’d mentioned it, and raised an eyebrow at the woman by T’Challa’s side, who had apparently been inches away from a throw-down with her back in Berlin. Which… would have been a sight, no word of a lie. But he didn’t
What did that - oh.
Rogers doesn't look up from where he is pressing his fingers against the pulsepoint on Tony’s neck. He has a fucking
Was it really that far out of left field for him to expect Rogers to practice what he’d preached? It’s not as though Tony had ever held himself up as a moral example on
And still, still…
“What lever?”
He couldn’t get a grip on the bastard. Every time he reached, the guy twisted away, smashing down solid hits on the joints of the armour, where he was most vulnerable. FRIDAY’s voice was a litany of damage reports in Tony’s ear as he tried to parry the sword with his suited arm, and reach under the guy’s guard with the other.
Asleep, and helpless.
half. Boots and black combat trousers, utility belt, knife... unless Hydra had started outfitting its soldiers with Avengers-issue body armour, that outfit was something Tony himself had designed. Well, sort of. Clearly, Rogers had visited a tailor in Birnin Zana before running off on his jaunt.
He slumped on the table, bracketing his head with his arms, eyes clenched shut. Hot, prickling shame washed through him. What he was doing was unconscionable, monstrous. This was no different to Romanoff rifling through JARVIS’s data banks, or Maximoff rifling through Tony’s brain, both of them with the unerring ability to prise open his most guarded, shameful parts and bare them for all to see. He should have stopped after that first moment of hesitation, he knew that now. He should have realised what an invasion of privacy this was and backed out. Instead, he’d listened to something that…
Not with his eyes closed, and his expression so typically childlike, no. Not when he was wrapped up in Tony’s worn T-shirt, and bundled so tightly in his bedclothes it was clear his sleep had been disrupted. He was so
What the hell is wrong with you?”
do not need to go.”
it verifiable?” He asked sharply. “Or are we going on Gnostic texts at this point? What next, a quick round with the Apocrypha?”
“T’Challa would never allow that,” Rhodey said, visibly appalled at the suggestion.
None of them were exactly poster boys and girls for well-adjusted, mentally balanced individuals, anyway.
“Are you kidding me? Rhodey, that’s amazing! What about sensation? Control? D’you think they can -” Forget the braces; if the doctors could do their miracle thing and make Rhodey
Tony leaned forwards in his seat, brow furrowing. The first event was four weeks ago, in a village called Inari in Lapland.
Tony shook his head. “His extremities were very cold before, but I got his core temperature up pretty quickly, and FRIDAY would have alerted me if it had slipped back down again.” He released one hand from the suit and pressed it against the nape of Steve’s neck. “I thought his breathing sounded a bit off earlier…” He shouldn’t have been holding the kid against the armour like that, or letting him sleep on his back, for that matter; he’d probably made it worse. “God fucking dammit!”
Barton put up an eyebrow, looking irritated. “Are you finished? Because I actually had some stuff to discuss, if you're done with the useless hostility and cheap insinuations.”
Tony turned to squint at Barton over the top of Steve’s head. “Francis?
, he reminded himself.
“Oh, kiddo, come on,” Tony murmured, reaching out for Steve’s hand. “None of that, now.”
And Tony… Tony had two.
Really ruins the whole thing a bit if the guy you are attempting to extort has to catch you half-way through your spiel.
Umar is comicverse Dr Strange's mother-in-law, so let's all take a moment to let that sink in. She is Dormammu's sister, stranded in human form for Reasons (tm), and as we haven't seen her in the MCU yet I am taking full advantage of this to make use of whatever bits of comicverse I need and discard the rest. There's acres of canon on this and I'm basically treating it like pick'n'mix.
They had a world to save - yes, he understood that, he accepted the responsibility for his part in it.
“What makes you say that?”
“Hey, kiddo. How are you doing?” He asked softly, sitting on the edge of the bed.
Outside of the ward - clearly audible through the partly-open door - Tony could hear Wilson’s ragged exhale, and click of his footsteps beside the wheelchair. “You doing okay, Jim? How’re your stitches holding up?”
He whispered.
You look back down at your list.
“I need to stop by the largest storage room,” Tony said abruptly, hefting up Steve so he was cradled against his shoulder rather than wrapped around his waist. This way, he could keep his bare feet covered with the blanket. Strangely, Steve didn’t protest the man-handling and let Tony arrange him without complaint. “I think it’s where the original… whatever it was went down. I don’t have a record of it yet.” And he’d definitely need a record of the bodies. The positioning was ritualistic - no bodies ended up in that configuration naturally - so whoever had killed them, had either needed their deaths for something (and the time-related magic had been a side effect) or had needed their deaths post-deaging. Either way, nineteen tiny bodies arranged in such a specific manner -
He coughed, and tried again. “I’m your friend, Steve.”
Oh, there they were. He let Wilson slide them on to his feet mutinously, avoiding eye contact. He’d let the team look after him before - post-battle, or during illnesses - so why did this feel different?
Rhodey had covered his face with his hands.
Barnes flinched again.
Steve’s lower lip trembled. “I want my Bucky. I want my
He wasn’t ready to commit permanently, and maybe Steve would just wake up one morning and be back to his old (ha!) self. But until then, in that undefined, difficult to measure middling duration, not quite ‘short term’ and certainly not ‘long term’...
“Yeah? That something else Nick neglected to share?” It was there, beneath the surface, the question he couldn’t bring himself to ask. How much had Fury known? He’d painted himself as a friend of Howard’s, SHIELD as Howard’s agency. But if he’d known… if either Fury or - God forbid -
Because he’d hated Steve Rogers when he’d found him not a soldier or a hero, after all, but just a man, who’d put his family first. (Because Steve had lied, and said otherwise, and made Tony feel guilty and small for his own fears.)
He couldn’t remember the criteria for mandatory discharge in the Accords. Had mental health conditions been one of them? If that was the case, it’s possible that Tony himself would have faced problems, knowing his history. He couldn’t remember any explicit reference to it - he would have noticed if there had been, surely? - but maybe it was buried in some of the pseudo-military code sections. Not something that would have rung alarm bells for him, but something that would have tipped off Wilson.
They finally landed a little after 4pm the following day - although it was very much 6am where Tony’s sleep-deprived body was concerned - at the private airfield Tony customarily used for his red-eye commute.
. Easily a foot taller than Tony, as broad as Rogers and wearing fucking
The dust around his knees rose up, choking him.
a ward. Are you confusing me with Batman again? Because flattering as that would be, I think I need to make it
If Tony had had access to the Iron Man suit at twenty, twenty-one… it doesn’t bear thinking about.
“Yeah.” Barton was still frowning, chewing on his bottom lip.
“Barton, wait!” Tony stood up again, Steve still trembling in his arms. As both Barton and Barnes turned to look at him, he faltered and swallowed.
“Yeah, well, Captain Spangles always knows how to make everything about himself, right? And they call
“Then it is decided,” T’Challa cut in. “Good. I will be glad to host both of you for as long as you need, Dr Stark, Colonel Rhodes. I believe that it is in Wakanda’s best interests if I involve myself for the hunt for this child-killer, so I will join the deployed team.” He waved a hand at the woman by Barnes’s side. “General Okoye will coordinate our efforts, and will ensure that events in Birnin Zana do not… escalate.”
Was that why there was always someone with him, now? Why Romanoff had tried so hard to make him remember the older Steve, to think about him, to put
“That’s me, right?”
Did you give him anything?”
After Dhakiya left him to his own devices, Tony instructed the Iron Man suit to park itself in a corner and looked around the rooms. They were indeed as spacious, as neutral and as low-tech as they had first appeared. The kid could spend hours playing in here and not come across anything to confuse or upset him. The box of toys was similarly low-tech, including some board games, some Legos, playing cards and other things that Tony would charitably describe as ‘quaint’.
