"I'll ask them ma."
"Sorry, that's just not what people usually say." He mumbled and looked away.
In the nurse's room staring at his black and blue face and all of the cuts, Sherlock reminded himself it was worth it. Being with John and being himself was worth it. Carefully he took the pills the nurse had given him and he swallowed them with a gulp of water.
Sherlock moved his hands up and pushed off John's varsity jacket. John shook out his arms and it fell to the floor, and then lifted Sherlock onto the desk and slid inbetween his legs. Sherlock put his hands back on John's waist and wrapped his legs around John's hips. Slowly, John moved his hands, giving Sherlock time to stop him if he wanted. He slid his hands under Sherlock's shirt. A soft squeak came from the back of his throat, but Sherlock didn't stop John. Sherlock's body is toned, and his skin is soft. John wants to touch more of him. Cautiously, he began to lift off his shirt. They seperated and swiftly removed Sherlock's shirt. John leaned back and bit his lips as he admired Sherlock's bare chest. "Don't ever let anyone tell you you're not
"Sister Harriet." John says harshly. His body is tense and his jaw clenched. He's angry and uncomfortable. His mother takes a big breath before continuing.
Sherlock smiled softly and moved his food around with his fork. "Yeah it is nice I'll only have to deal with 2 years of it..." He mumbled and looked up to John. "But once you graduate...I'll have no one." Sherlock sighed and sat back in his chair. Harriet looked at Sherlock with kind, loving eyes. "Honestly, John is the only one who's bothered to even talk to me. My neighbor Molly is a good friend, but she's in college. So we don't get to spend much time together." Sherlock shrugged. Harriet frownes slightly and looked at John who was frowning too.
"Will be coming to your game tonight, and we're going to dinner afterwards." John let's out a breath and relaxes.
It was over almost as quickly as it had begun. Anderson had hit him again and again. Blood was rushing to the surface while Sherlock heard nothing but ringing. He knew what had happened, but he felt like he hadn't been there. He can picture the mirror shattering, but couldn't hear it or feel it. He can feel it all, but in his head it didn't seem real. It seemed like it happened to someone else.
"What do you want?" John crossed his arms and moved in between Anderson and Sherlock. Anderson's face began to flush and he cleared his throat while staring at his shoes. He opened his mouth to speak, but quickly shut it. "What, Anderson?" John said again, a little less harsh this time.
John smooths out his jersey and takes a deep breath. He heads back into the locker room and stands next to Coach. The rest of the boys form a circle as usual, but they're all glaring at John. Anderson has his arms crossed and a smirk on his lips. John wants to wipe it right off his face, but he chooses to just ignore him. John is supposed to give his big motivational speech right now, but he's worried nothing will be good enough. He takes a deep breath and decides to wing it.
"Yes. Keep your chin up, babe." John said quietly with a smile. Sherlock blushed and just watched as John slide past him and hurried off to class.
Sherlock blushed and looked at his hands. Yet there was a wide smile on his lips. "N-No...I really," he took a deep breath before looking up at John, "really liked it." His cheeks grew hotter, but a all embarrassment was gone when John stepped closer again. Their chests touched again and John's hands enclosed around Sherlock's.
As he was sat all alone Sherlock scoffed and reminded himself that he was NOT jealous of them. Rolling his eyes so hard it almost hurt, Sherlock sighed. He was sat in the lunch room at an uncomfortable red table far in the corner. Eyes closed and lips pursed as he got completely lost in his mind palace. Traveling through his memories searching for something to keep him occupied. This was Sherlock's least favorite time of day as it was literally mind numbing. He was so bored and couldn't wait to get back to class.
“I just…I-I want you to promise you won’t…hurt Anderson.” John pulls away with his brow furrowed. Sherlock feels nervous and instantly regrets saying anything. “I just…I don’t want to stoop that low…He’s not worth it.” Sherlock looks away feeling ashamed. John reaches over and tilts his face back. He kisses him again with a little more passion, but still gentle.
"Her boyfriend is cheating on her with Kayla and her parents are getting divorced." Sherlock shrugged. He was suddenly hyperaware of everything about John. His eyes, hair, smile, and his perfectly sculpted muscles. Squinting his eyes and giving John a once over he began to deduce him.
"Good. So did I." He whispered. His lips ghosted over Sherlock's forehead in a caring kiss. Sherlock leaned his head against John's chest. Fingers carded through Sherlock's hair. "So...are you...out?" John asked nervously.
Sherlock was in his mind palace searching for every bit of information on rugby he had. He was searching so deep that he hadn't heard John. He had been trying to get Sherlock's attention. It took the soft slow brush of John's lips to pull Sherlock from his head and back to the present.
“Hmm?” He hums contently and smiles as he meets Sherlock’s gaze. There’s a nagging feeling inside Sherlock. He wants to say what’s on his mind, but he’s worried he’ll push John away. John is the only person who’s stayed this long, or even had any type of romantic connection with him, and Sherlock feels as if he’s addicted to John. He simply cannot lose John. John leans up on his elbow and cups Sherlock’s cheek. “What’s going on in that brilliant brain of yours?” Sherlock takes a deep breath, but still can’t get the words out. John leans down and kisses him tenderly. When they pull away for air, John keeps his forehead rested against Sherlock’s. “You can tell me if you’d like…but you don’t have to.”
"You just need to be observant." John smirked and pecked Sherlock's cheek quickly. It was quiet for a while as they ate, but it was comfortable. The diner was slowly clearing out as they prepared to close up for the night. The waiter took their plates and Harriet finally spoke again.
." John whispered before kissing him again. John doesn't want to stop touching him or kissing him, but suddenly there's a knock on the door.
"Do not apologize. You did nothing wrong, babe." They kissed again, but this time it was the type of kiss they'd never forget; sweet and passionate. With wet, red lips, they pulled away and just held each other. A tiny yawn came from Sherlock, even though he tried to hide it. "Lets lay down, yeah?" John asked softly. Sherlock looked up at him with tired and droopy eyes full of love, and he nodded silently. John stepped back and began undressing. Sherlock slid off of his desk and smiled at John's muscular body.
"Anderson." Sherlock whispered. John dropped his hands and took steps back. He clenched his hands into fists and began to pace. "John, stop." John stopped pacing and frowned up at Sherlock. Slowly he walked back over and tucked Sherlock's hair behind his ears. "I'm fine. It wasn't about me and you. Its about him and what he couldn't do."
"Sherlock, I'd like that a lot. Thank you." John smiled. Harriet verbally awed and pulled Sherlock in for a tight hug.
"I know the code to the control room and there's a set of stairs that lead up there." He shrugged as his face flushed again. He gave a soft shrug and looked away. John smiled at him never taking his eyes away from Sherlock.
A blushing Sherlock took the back of her hand and kissed it gently. "Nice to meet you Harriet, I've heard so much about you."
When John finished changing he grabbed his duffel bag, and hurried out of the locker room. He could still feel Anderson's eyes on him, and new he was following him out. John pushed open the door and spotted Sherlock almost instantly. They locked eyes and both boys let out a soft sigh of relief. They rushed to each other and John dropped his duffel so he could pick up Sherlock. Sherlock was caught completely off gaurd when his feet left the ground, and let out a tiny squeal that made John's heart beat faster. They locked lips and put all of their nerves and adrenaline from the day into the passionate kiss. John spun them as they kissed, and when he finally put Sherlock down and they broke their kiss, he noticed Anderson watching them from multiple feet away.
"A-Alright then." Linda glanced down at her clipboard and back up at Sherlock before leaving the room. Sherlock sighed and laid back down on the bed. He put his arm over his eyes and took deep breaths. This is not how things were supposed to go. Sherlock's ears were still ringing, so he didn't hear the rapid footsteps.
John meets Mycroft...sort of
Lucy didn't like that. Her face twisted up in disgust. "B-but you're n-not gay! W-we dated." She was so confused. John rolled his eyes.
"Linda listen to me!" He huffed. She jumped a little and put down the phone. She slowly turned around and looked at him with wide eyes. "I have no headache or dizziness or nausea, my memory is fine, my pupils aren't dilated, and my vision isn't blurry!" Sherlock stomped his foot and crossed his arms. "Did you even go to medical school Linda?"
"Mom! Dad!" John shouted at his parents as they reached the doors. They both stopped and turned back with smirks; thinking they'd won. John flipped off his parents before grabbing Sherlock and kissing him passionately. Harriet laughed and began to clap, and then other people in the diner began to clap. The boys continued to kiss until they heard the diner doors slam shut. "I love you, Sherlock Holmes." John whispered once they'd pulled away.
They paid for their dinner and began to get their things together. "I-I really don't want to go home." John mumbled and ran his fingers through his hair. Harriet frowned and hugged her brother.
"All bad things I hope?" She winked. Sherlock chuckled softly and opened his mouth to speak, but was sharply cut off.
Both boys had sweating palms and adrenaline coursing through them. John had gone the ninety percent to Sherlock and poured his heart out, now it was his turn. Sherlock shuffled forward and now their chests were firm against each other. They looked at each other for a moment, and then Sherlock spoke. "John Watson, you have no idea how long I have wanted you to say those words." Sherlock breathed happily before leaning in to kiss John.
Sherlock pulled his coat tighter around his bony body and searched for somewhere in the bleachers to sit. He picks an empty spot at the top in the far right. He sits far away from everyone else and waits eagerly.
All his life he'd been told to "man up" by coaches and his parents. John's always trying to please everyone; being captain of the rugby team and an honors student. He's never really done anything for himself. He wanted this. He wanted to come out, with or without Sherlock. Who he loves won't change how smart he is or how good of a rugby player he is. But denying who he loves would only cause more pain, stress, and self-consciousness. John decided then and there that no matter what happened, this was who he was and he wasn't going to hide it anymore.
John and Sherlock were sitting together across from Harriet. They had all ordered some dinner, and were eating while chatting and getting to know each other. Sherlock and Harriet had really hit it off, and John really enjoyed watching them talk and connect. "So you really got to skip over 2 years of high school? You lucky shit! No way!" Harriet laughed and shook her head. "Those were the
"I-I'm not...fine whatever. What do you know anyway." Donovan stomped away with the rest of her little clique. Sherlock looked down at his fingers. There was a high pitched squeal as the red seat next to him was pulled out. Suddenly, the boy was sitting right next to him.
When John walked into the classroom it went almost silent. It was like his bubble of confidence and determination burst. He ducked his head and sat in his desk. Most people began to whisper, but some just stared. Someone came rushing over and John knew who it was without even looking; Lucy Crawford. He could tell by the annoying click of her heels on the floor.
"Oh c'mon, Donovan. Just because you're failing pre-calc doesn't mean you get to take it out on Sherlock." A manly voice from behind Sherlock spoke up. Sally scoffed and let go of his hair.
Anderson took big angry strides towards him and smashed his back into the wall. Sherlock didn't know what to do. He'd never been hit like this before. Small stuff he could handle, but getting the wind knocked out of him scared him. Sherlock had seen the way Anderson looks at John. He'd seen the way he tenses when his girlfriend Macy touches him. He quickly glanced up and down Anderson. Here he was with eyes flickering to Sherlock's lips. Sherlock spat in his face.
"How in the world do you know the code?"
"My floor is very uncomfortable, you can just stick to your side of the bed." Sherlock bit his lip as he pulled on John's hand and they went up to Sherlock's room.
The way John's lips felt, so soft and plump. His hands feeling so big and strong, one tangled in Sherlock's hair delicately and the other on the small of his back. Feeling the beating of John's heart as it sped up and slowed down.
“If that’s really what you want…I’ll leave him alone.” Sherlock smiled up at him. “But…if I’m ever around and anyone touches you or says anything…I can’t promise I’ll leave them alone.” John said sincerely. Sherlock thought for a minute before he stuck out his hand.
John smiled a little and kissed Sherlock's forehead. Rubbing his hands up and down his arms he rested their foreheads together. "You're brilliant, Sherlock Holmes.
They kissed for a while, nothing rushed or forced, but comfortable and calming. It felt natural and was almost relieving after the morning they'd both had. John was gently leaning over Sherlock with ome hand tangled in his curls and the other resting on his waist. Sherlock wasn't sure what to do with his hands so he clenched one into a fist at his side, and had the other one clutched onto John's jersey and pulling him closer.
"Sherlock, will you be my boyfriend? Wear my jersey for yes, and don't wear it for no."
"Just look at the keypad. The four most used are 6204 and then its just a matter of probability and lucky guesses." Sherlock shifted a bit. John just smiled wider.
Suddenly, everyone's phones began to go off, Sherlock's included. The room went quiet as everyone checked their phones. It was a video of John and Lucy Crawford. Sherlock pressed play and watched it carefully, deducing the situation. John looked happy, almost at ease, as he came out. It made Sherlock blush and his heart swell. His boyfriend was so amazing. His boyfriend was defending him and being himself and Sherlock was suddenly slipping even further for John Watson.
Sherlock leaned against his desk and bit his lip. He felt slightly embarrassed as he watched John check out his room, but the way John smiled at everything made Sherlock feel ok about the state of his room. John chuckled and picked up one textbook that was sitting on top of Sherlock's dresser. "The Complexities of the Male Anatomy?" John asked softly. He smirked and waved it at Sherlock.
John leaned in close so his cheek was pressed against Sherlock's. "I guess I should probably sleep with you then...so you have the chance to explain to them before they know I'm here." John whispered softly into Sherlock's ear, then pulled back and winked at him. Sherlock flushed, yet nodded slightly. John chuckled again. "Don't worry, I can sleep on your floor."
"Are you listening, freak?" She hissed and threw down his arms. Sherlock rolled his eyes, but stayed quiet. "You're a fake you know that? No one can actually be that smart." She kicked his shin and grabbed a fistful of his soft curls. Sherlock cringed but stayed quiet.
"No way." Harriet laughs and stares in disbelief. "You have to have made that shit up. No way can you tell all that just by looking at her." She rested her head on her hand and looked deep in thought.
"W-well, they're parts of me too." Sherlock swallowed. John laughed low and huskily into his ear. Then he brushed his lips against Sherlock’s cheek and neck so very lightly it made Sherlock shiver once again. He let out a content sigh and slid his hands up John's hips and stopped at his waist. They rested their foreheads together and just stood together for a few minutes. They'd been through so much in the last 24 hours, and they just needed to be close. Their bodies were tired, but the way they touched each other seemed to shock them awake.
Their lips dragged against each other slowly, so sweet and careful. Trying their best to hold on to the feeling and the moment. Neither of them ever wanted to lose this. Sherlock's brain couldn't stop running. He wanted to remember everything.
"Mom! Dad!" John's voice came out low and deep, and almost as a growl. All eyes snapped to John. Despite John's height, the way he was standing and talking made him look extremely intimidating. "Sherlock is my boyfriend, because I love him and he loves me. Nothing more." John glared sharply at his parents.
"I would let you stay with me for the night, but I didn't give Charles a heads up." Harriet looked at her brother sadly. She felt sincerely bad. "Just know that I love you, and that mom and dad will come around slowly. I mean they were considering paying for my surgery, and just a year ago they kicked me out. It's progress, slowly but surely." She smiled softly and hugged and kissed her brother.
"You may not like someone on the team, or agree with everything they stand for. You might not agree with the plays and calls. We've all got our issues and our own opinions, but on the field we're a team and we work together. We need to put our differences aside for a few hours so we can kick some ass," John narrows his eyes at Anderson, "and if you can't do that...you shouldn't be part of this team." Its silent for a moment before he speaks again. "United we can win, but divided we'll fall."
John felt his chest swell with pride. "Sherlock has a 4.9 gpa. He's bloody brilliant, of course he knows what it means. It means," John chuckled and smiled wide. Adrenaline flooded through his body. He was about to come out, and people were recording it. But he didn't care, he was tired of hiding. "He's mine...and I'm his."
"Positive."
He puts his hand out, and so does Coach, and slowly the rest of the team. John finally begins to feel like everything is falling into place.
"Well, you used to smoke, and only recently quit. It looks like you got your ears pierced approximately a month ago, they've just finished healing. You're 8 months on Estrogen. You've only had one car so far, and you've had it since probably high school. You've been working out and losing a lot of weight recently. You admire John, and you think his boyfriend is devilishly handsome." Sherlock laughed nervously as Harriet stared at him intensely. John swallowed and looked back and forth between the two of them. They say in awkward silence for a few minutes before Harriet shook her head and giggled to herself.
John smiled again. He wondered what Sherlock's family was like, and hoped they were better than his family. "Thank you."
"Well I hope you like bad boys." John smirked and kissed the back of Sherlock's hand. Sherlock rolled his eyes, but still laughed. John stopped laughing as he pulled in and parked the car. He took a deep breath and closed his eyes for a minute. Sherlock could feel him shaking slightly.
He was becoming hyperaware of all the looks and sounds. Feet moving faster he quickly burst through the gym door. Panting from nerves Sherlock closed his eyes and counted back from 10 until his breathing was steady. He climbed up to his spot and finally looked at the jersey. Bold white numbers across the back read 24. Sherlock knew nothing about rugby, but he knew that was John's number. He also knew that John had never given his jersey to anyone.
"Are you sure?"
The aroma of disgustingly greasy food filled the air along with raging teenage hormones and annoying chatter. It was hot and stuffy in the cramped little cafeteria as girls gossiped and boys showed off. Every once in a while there was the slop of repulsing food being put on trays. Teens snickered and laughed to themselves and their friends.
Then, John took a big step back and his face changed. Lucy's eyes went wide, she obviously said something John didn't like and was surprised by his reaction. He clenched his jaw and furrowed eyebrows. With a deep inhale through his nose he said something slow and harsh through clenched teeth. Sherlock had never seen John be angry or rude to anyone. However, he did find it pretty sexy the way John's muscles tensed and how strong he looked. Lucy scoffed and turned to make direct eye contact with Sherlock. She glared right at him then turned back to John who looked furious.
This is the day of the first rugby game, however, the rugby game has not happened yet. So there will be another part (maybe 2) of the actual game and such.
"Sherlock! Did you take my Democracy in Action book?" An annoyed voice sounded from the other side of the door. John's heart jumped and he tried to pull away. He had seen movies and he did not want to be chased by an angry father. Sherlock just wrapped his legs tighter around John's hips, because it wasn't his father. It was his older brother Mycroft who's always ruining things for him. Sherlock was not going to let him scare off John. "Sherlock! I need my book." There was another knock and then the door knob was turning. John looked at Sherlock with wide eyes.
Meanwhile John was pacing back and forth in the boy's bathroom. He was too nervous to go into the hallway. What if Sherlock said yes and was wearing his jersey? Everyone would know he was bisexual. What if he was kicked off the rugby team? He took a deep breath and rubbed his temples to try and calm down and think rationally. It didn't help, for his mind went to an even worse place; what if Sherlock said no? What if, after everything, Sherlock decided he didn't like John and didn't want to be with him?
"Yeah I'd like that."
"Alright." There was a new glint in her eye and strong determination in her voice. She pressed her lips together and leaned her elbows on the table. "Just so I know you're not making it all up, tell me something about...myself." She smirked. Sherlock laughed. He'd been deducing her since the moment he walked in. John looked nervously at both of them. He wasn't worried Sherlock would get anything wrong. He knew Sherlock would be on point, and that's what he was nervous of. Sherlock would never
"What are you talking about!?" John yelled and shook his head. He was completely lost. She dropped her arms and clenched her fists.
breathing patterns in there, and since I'm not telling mom and dad, you think you'd be nicer to me." Sherlock laughed nervously and John buried his head in the crook of Sherlock's neck. "Just be safe." Mycroft grumbled with a sigh. The boys silently listened to his footsteps as he walked away, and let out a breath when they heard his bedroom door shut.
John tipped his head up and kissed Sherlock soft and shakily. They kissed until John was steady and firm. When they finally parted, John looked Sherlock in the eyes and whispered,"Thank you." Sherlock just smiled.
With new determination, both boys headed into the diner. Sherlock followed John's lead. This was John's family and he wanted to respect that; he was not at all nervous.
"You're right! He's not gay! He's bisexual! He loves people for who they are as people and not what's in their pants!" Sherlock yelled and stomped his foot. He was not about to just stand there and let John's father bully his children. John's parents stood silently; unsure of what to say. They'd clearly never been stood up to before.
"My family knows." Sherlock gave a slight shrug, but kept his cheek firm against John's pounding chest. "Are you out?" He asked nervously. John tensed up, and Sherlock immediately backtracked. "Hey its ok," pulling his head up to look at John, "You can come out whenever you're ready."
"Why do you let her do that to you?" He asked. Sherlock brought his hands up to massage his scalp and fix his hair. Eyes peaked up from underneath his dark lashes. Then he recognized the boy sitting next to him. John Watson, the captain of the Rugby team. He was completely gorgeous from head to toe, inside and out, and Sherlock definitely knew it. However, he never imagined John would talk to a freak like himself.
"You're supposed to have both hands on the wheel." Sherlock squeezed John's hand gently. He could tell John was getting nervous. John just chuckled lightly.
"How did you-"
years of my life. I'd give anything to skip the first 2 years of that hell."
"What'd Lucy say?"
"Hmmm..." Sherlock smirked and leaned back in his seat with his arms crossed. Harriet taps her long purple nails on the table in anticipation. "The lady by the door, with the white hair is disheveled because she is waiting for a ride that is very late. She's a democrat. She lives with 3 cats and 1 dog. She has no kids. She's recently divorced." Sherlock raddles off multiple little details about the woman's life, while John and Harriet watch in awe. Sherlock feels so loved in this moment. He finally stops with a sharp breath and turns back to look at both John and Harriet.
“John.” Sherlock finally mumbles and slowly opens his eyes to the blinding light. John carefully lifts up his head and looks at Sherlock.
"I'll see you later?" Sherlock asked as he opened the door and leaned in the doorway.
I'm so sorry guys. I hope these next chapters make up for my absence.
I'm sorry its so short, but more to come soon!!
Sherlock and John continued to sit together at lunch the rest of the week. They shared lingering touches and lots of suggestive eye contact, but hadn't kissed again. Even when they had a minute alone both boys were too nervous to initiate another kiss.
Perfectly white teeth nibbled on beautiful pink lips. "You mind if I eat lunch here tomorrow?" John asked. Sherlock felt his heart flutter and couldn't help but grin.
But all thoughts were quickly abandoned when the rough pads of Johns fingers slid under the edge of his shirt, brushing against his hip bones. Sherlock shivered and pulled away with his lips parted and breath coming out in soft pants. John immediately took hus hands of and took a step back. "I-I'm sorry  Sherlock." John sighed and stepped back again.
Carefully, Sherlock tucked the note back into its envelope and into his backpack along with his shirt. He never wanted to lose that note. He felt his cheeks grow hotter with every step towards the door. Everyone would know the second they looked at him, that John wanted him and he wanted John. He was worried what people would think, yet too happy to care. So with his head high he headed to his first class of the day.
"You're right, I'm not gay. I'm bisexual. I like men and women. I like someone based on personality and character, not what's in their pants." He crossed his arms as Lucy's face fell. Her face flushed and she went and sat down. "And if anyone has a fucking problem with that, they better say it to my face." John clenched his jaw and sat back down. The entire class was quietly whispering to themselves until Mr. Wight came in and began to teach.
Then Friday morning came around and the entire school was buzzing. Sherlock walked into the building and didn't pay much attention to the giggles and gasps. Some random couple probably broke up, he thought. None of that drama interested him, so he chose to ignore it. When he got to his locker the entire hall was quiet. Sherlock couldn't see or get to his locker, because it was surrounded by people. "E-Excuse me." He said as he pushed his way through the group of people. Stumbling he came through the wall of people and was in the middle.
"I just..." he sighed and ran his fingers through his hair, stopping to pull lightly. "Wanna make sure you're ok. You can tell me what's wrong." Sherlock smiled a bit. Nothing was wrong other than he was dying of embarrassment over being caught staring at John. From up here though, his eyes were free to roam. John spun arouns once more and huffed. "Was it what Lucy said?"
Sherlock feels even more pride and love for John swirl inside his chest as he reads John's text. John was finally showing everyone who he really was, and all because Sherlock accepted, liked, and inspired John. John was so courageous it made Sherlock wonder how he even deserved John. He also wondered how John coming out would go. He knew John was strong and that he didn't care about kids at school, but its harder to not care what your parents think. No matter how it would go though, Sherlock promised himself he'd do everything to make sure John felt happy and knew he mattered. Sherlock sat and waited patiently for John.
“Alright. Nice compromise.” Sherlock smiled as they shook hands. A vivid image from Sherlock's health book comes to mind. The chapter is Developing and Maintaining Healthy Relationships with a bright blue heading "Effective Compromising." Sherlock puts a mental check next to it.
"You're truly amazing, Sherlock Holmes." He took a step closer to Sherlock and placed his hand gently onto his shoulder. With a comforting tone he spoke, "Are you alright?" Sherlock was never alright when he was around John.
and healthy young man like yourself is capable of walking to the kitchen and getting it
would be able to go to my room and return it from where he took it." Mycroft retorted in a dull voice from behind the door. Sherlock rolled his eyes. "I also hear
"Sherlock, I don't care what anyone says about you or to you. I'd like to think that in these past few weeks I've learned the real you. No one else here knows you like I do." John took a deep breath and another step forward. They were only a tiny step away now. Chests almost touching. "The real you is so absolutely beautiful and brilliant. I-I completely and utterly love the real you with my entire being, Sherlock."
"Sherlock has a brilliant mind, and no one at that school appreciates it." John scoffed and rolled his eyes. "They're intimidated by him, because he's so smart and he analyzes them in ways no one else can. So they treat him like crap. It's completely unfair and ridiculous." John looked at Sherlock with soft "heart" eyes and tucked a long curl behind his ear. "And Sherlock doesn't deserve it." He says softly.
Thinking about it, he assumed that maybe if he actually had a connection with anyone at this pathetic school it might be different. It was very hard for Sherlock to make any acquaintances let alone a single friend. After all, he's discovered people don't like feeling dumb, and as a 15 year old Junior Sherlock had made plenty of them feel stupid.
There was a taller woman in the back of the diner with long blonde curls, Sherlock picked her out as Harriet. Across from her sat an older man and woman, obviously John's parents. When Harriet spotted John and Sherlock she grinned wide, showing off some beautiful white teeth, and began to wave. John's parents turned around to see their son with another boy.
He furrowed his eyebrows and stood up. What had Lucy said? Sherlock leaned against the railing and it squeaked loudly. John's head snapped up and he locked eyes with Sherlock from across the gym. Sherlock blushed and tilted his head down, letting his mess of curls fall in his eyes.
John opened the passenger door and Sherlock blushed as he slipped into the seat. As John walked around his car to the driver's side, Sherlock reached over and unlocked John's door. With a smile on his lips, John started his car and began to drive to the little diner his family loved. He drove with just his left hand on the wheel. His right hand dangled on console. His heart was beginning to pound the closer he got to the diner. He reached over and laced his fingers with Sherlock. "John." Sherlock spoke up.
"How the hell did you get up there without the ladder?" They spoke in unison, both chuckling a bit. Sherlock walked back down the steps and through the lights control room. His footsteps were the only sound as he walked out to the middle of the gym a few feet away from John.
"Well, excuse me for assuming that my younger brother of
"Come to my game this Friday night?" John asked and rubbed his thumb against Sherlock's wrist and the backs of his hand. Sherlock made up his mind fairly easily, yet he furrowed his eyebrows and pretended to mull it over. "I'd just be nice to know you're watching." John looked calm and collected, but his heart was racing.
"You two are literally so cute." Harriet giggled and leaned her elbows on the table. Both boy blushed and looked down. "But what do you mean that he can analyze people?" Harriet wiggles her eybrows and leans her elbows on the table. She looked very intrigued. Both boys laugh and look around the diner.
I know it seems like I fell into a black hole, but I'm getting my shit together. Lol lots of updates to come soon!
"Well...you could stay with me for the night." Sherlock smiled softly, but then quickly back tracked."I mean only if you want to. Y-You could sleep on the couch or whatever. My parents won't mind after I explain." He rambled awkwardly. John anf Harriet laughed softly.
The game seems to go by quickly. Sherlock smiles and cheers to himself in the bleachers while John leads the team to a victory on the field. Adrenaline was flowing through John's entire body. So much adrenaline that he grabbed his phone and texted Sherlock before getting in the shower.
"You!" John's mother pointed accusingly at Harriet. Her finger trembled with anger. "Did you put him up to this so we'd pay for that ridiculous surgery?" His mother was drawing attention and lots of people had stopped to watch. Harriet's face fell at the harsh accusation and the painful reminder that she "wasn't a real woman". John looked at his sister who had tears in her eyes. He looked at Sherlock who was standing loyally by his side. He couldn't stand still anymore.
"John." She said loudly. All eyes turned to her and the room went quiet again. John raised one eyebrow and glanced at her sideways. She had her arms crossed and face screwed up in anger. She had absolutely no right to be angry. She was John's ex-girlfriend and she cheated on him.
Sherlock knew absolutely nothing about rugby, and he did have plans with his neighbor Molly. He also had zero interest in rugby or any other sport. However, this was John Watson. The star and captain of the rugby team, cutest and most kind boy in the entire high school, and an expert kisser. Plus, John was kneading his bottom lip inbetween his teeth. "I'll be there." Sherlock looked through the window of the gym door before leaning in and kissing him quickly.
And of course, the way John tasted. A nice minty taste that made the whole kiss seem so fresh. Sherlock wondered briefly if John minded the taste of green tea.
With his fingers on his temples Sherlock went through the lessons he had been taught so far today. He had found it was the best way to keep everything together and not lose any part of the lesson. Suddenly warm clammy hands wrapped around his wrists and yanked his fingers from his temples harshly. Sherlock grimaced and looked up. It was Sally Donovan, a senior, who constantly felt the need to hurl insults at Sherlock.
Dinner with John's immediate family
"You just need to be observant." Sherlock shrugged and said no more. He'd explain but didn't want to scare John away. Sherlock sat back in his chair to get a better look of John's back muscles under his white t-shirt. John smirked and shook his head, because he was indeed being very observant; of Sherlock.
Sherlock's room is quite messy, just like his brain and his locker. However, his room is not piled high with dirty clothes or cluttered with trash and dirty dishes. Sherlock's room is piled high with stacks of textbooks on various topics: Cognitive Psychology, Social and Behavioral Research, Astrobiology, Mortuary Science, Sexuality Studies, etc. There are multiple violins and bows, as well as sheet music. John loved the environment and the feeling that washed over him as he stepped into Sherlock’s bedroom.
After a few minutes, John kissed Sherlock's forehead and then picked up his duffel bag. "Are you ready to go?" Sherlock smiled and nodded. John carried his bag in one hand, and held Sherlock's delicately in his other hand as they walked to the car.
He turned the water on to cold and cupped the cold water in his hands. Gently he patted the cold water on his face. Leaning over the sink he panted breathlessly and watched the water go down the drain. Hiding in here would do no good, he knew that. Slowly he shut off the water and stared at his reflection.
"Piss off." Sherlock answered. John began to chuckle quietly. Sherlock didn't ever want to forget that beautiful noise.
"You heard John. If anyone has a fucking problem with that, they better say it to my face." Sherlock stood up. For once he wasn't letting people push him around. John made him stronger and he wanted to be strong for John. Sally tensed up, looked around, and then slowly sat back down. Sherlock paused and waited a second longer. Everyone stared quietly, and so he sat back down.
What happens after their first kiss.
"I'm sorry." Sherlock mumbled and brushed his fingers through John's hair softly. He dropped his legs from around John's hips and kissed the top of his head. John pulled away and cradled Sherlock's face gently.
Sorry this took over a week, but Happy Easter!
"Sherlock." John whispered as he brushed some of his curls out of his eyes. Sherlock moved closer and looked up at John. He hummed softly as a response. "You know you...didn't have to do any of this tonight. Right?" This was a question that had been nagging John since they'd stopped kissing. He didn't want to push Sherlock or make him uncomfortable.
Everyone stared at him once they'd finished the video. It was like they were expecting something. Sherlock felt like he needed to say something, but for a minute he just sat there. He stared back at everyone with a clenched jaw as he tried to figure out what to say. Sally Donovan shot out of her desk and placed her hands on her hips. She opened her mouth to speak and the words just flew right out of Sherlock's mouth.
"Yeah. We were wondering if you'd bring along your special someone? We're all dying to me her." His mother giggles and he feels the sliver of hope vanishing. He clears his throat and eyes Sherlock nervously. He isn't ashamed of who he is, or of Sherlock. This should be easy, but its so hard. He doesn't know what to do.  "John?"
Sherlock and John went through their day with eyes on them at all times. It was extremely tiring for both of them. They couldn't think clearly with all of the attention. So, when lunch came around they both felt relief flood their bodies. They could have 45 minutes without all of the stares and whispers.
Sherlock pushed his lips to John's in a rough passionate kiss. John immediately kissed back with the same amount of intensity. It was the type of kissing that would leave their lips red and swollen, but they both craved it. They
"Sherlock!" John gasped and rushed over to the bed. He placed one hand on Sherlock's waist and used the other to run his fingers through his hair. Sherlock moved his arm and sat up to look John in the eye. John lightly traced over Sherlock's bruised face. "Who did this to you?" He asked with clenched teeth. Sherlock hesitated for a moment, but he knew Anderson might try to hurt John too.
The bell rang and Sherlock and John reluctantly parted. John headed straight to class, and so did Sherlock. But Sherlock knew he was going to have to do the one thing he had been so scared of, use the bathroom. He pushed the door open quickly and rushed to the urinal. He had had to go for hours. The bathroom was empty while he relieved himself, but the door swung open as he was washing his hands.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, yet smiled wide. It was so extremely cheesy, but he didn't care. He slipped of his button up shirt and put on John's jersey at once. It was thin, breathable and a bit big. Sherlock was lean and toned, but he didn't have John's wide shoulders or his muscles.
When they got to Sherlock's house it was almost midnight, and the house was dark and quiet. Sherlock intertwined his fingers with John's as they walked into the house. Sherlock slipped off his shoes, but stopped John from taking his off. "It'd be best if I got the chance to explain the situation to them before they knew you were here." Sherlock bit his lip with a mischievous glint in his eye. John smiled and chuckled softly. Sherlock was not as innocent as he seemed.
"What do you want Lucy?" John asked through clenched teeth. She'd said nasty things about Sherlock before, and John wasn't sure if he could handle it today. He took a deep breath before standing up and locking eyes with her.
"Don't ever let anyone tell you that you're not
Meanwhile, in Sherlock's first class of the day everyone was talking, pointing, and staring at him. It made him feel extremely uncomfortable, and he couldn't think. There was to much going on. Although he was happy finally being with John and John having the courage to come out, he hated having so mamy eyes and voices directed at him. He took deep breaths trying to calm down his mind so he could think properly. He wished they'd all stop.
"This is my boyfriend Sherlock. He's absolutely brilliant. He has a 4.9 gpa, and he skipped ahead 2 years in school. Sherlock is a Junior at just 15 years old." John gushed with a grin. The more he talked about Sherlock, the more at ease he felt. This was what he wanted.
John hangs up and hangs his head. Sherlock slips down and onto to floor. He walks over to John timidly and wrappes his arms around John's torso. John lets his shoulders sloop as Sherlock rests his head inbetween his shoulder blades. "We can do whatever you'd like, John." He whispers soothingly. John smiles slightly. He knew Sherlock would be supportive, but John just couldn't decide what to do.
"I cannot believe you John." Lucy scoffed. Everyone was watching as John shook his head. "What are you gonna do to that poor boy? Huh?" She poked him hard in the chest. John took a step back and furrowed his eyebrows. What the hell was she talking about? Lucy was getting more hysterical by the second. People began to take out their phones and record. "I thought you were different, John Watson...but you're not. You're just another bully jock. Sherlock doesn't deserve that!" She screamed.
Sherlock blushed and licked his lips. "I find it fascinating, yet some parts are highly disgusting." Sherlock shrugged lightly and leaned further back on his desk. John was looking at him in such a way that his stomach began to flip flop. He wanted John to look at him like that forever.
." Sherlock blushed as he looked John up and down. John chuckled lightly and kicked off his shoes. When both boys were in their boxers, Sherlock pulled back his comforter and John turned off the lights. They climbed into Sherlock's bed and turned to face each other.
"She said some harsh things I would never ever even think about saying." He rubbed his thumb across the back of Sherlock's hand.
John showered and changed quickly; suddenly afraid to be naked and vulnerable for longer than he had to. Just because they had all played together as a team, did not mean they were all okay with John. Lots of the players made that very clear when they refused to even shower and change in the same locker room as John, and they grabbed their things and went into the away locker room with the team they had just beat. A few of them stayed, but made sure to hide themselves from John. Anderson, however, could not keep his eyes off of John, and John couldn't tell what his intentions were. So John did his business and left the locker room as soon as humanly possible.
"And there is no way in hell we're helping you chop off the only piece of manhood you have left." Their mother spat at Harriet. The two angry bigots turned and stormed off towards the doors. John looked at his boyfriend who had just stood up to his parents, and he smiled.
"I'm Harriet, John's older sister." Harriet stuck out her hand.
Eyebrows furrowed and nose scrunched, John asked "What do people usually say?" Sherlock had to hold in his laughter at the absurdity of the question. After all, John had just witnessed the usual. He turned his torso back to John and smiled.
Sherlock cocked an eyebrow. “I wouldn’t have suggested it if I was uncomfortable with being physically close to you.” He paused, frowning. “Unless you’re asking because of my- experiences with Magnussen. The answer to that is also no. He always left after. Or he didn’t stay to sleep, anyway. Therefore, sharing a bed with you is unlikely to be a triggering experience.”
Sherlock let out a ragged gasp. “Why’s that? Tell me, tell me-”
Sherlock attempts to have a wank.
John’s voice was steady, even as tears gathered in his eyes. “That this isn’t enough for you anymore. Because I know I never really get as...intense as you like, and I won’t be able to provide you what you need now that the novelty has worn off.”
“And is this what you wanted? You’ve been trying every slutty trick in the book for months, trying to get my cock in you. Is it as good as you hoped, in your little fantasies?”
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
“Have you ever done this? Been with a man before?” John asked.
Sherlock stuffed his wrist into his mouth to stifle a sob, silent tears rolling down his cheeks. He sucked in a deep breath when Magnussen licked him again, his tongue wet with pooled saliva. He repeated the motion several times, drenching Sherlock’s vulva in his spit until he could feel it running down the crack of his arse. He began to rub the flat of his tongue hard against Sherlock’s clitoris, and Sherlock’s eyes widened as blood pooled in his groin, shame colouring his cheeks as he felt the first touch of unwanted arousal.
Sherlock glared at John. “No.” He said flatly.
Sherlock looked up in surprise. Clearly he hadn’t even considered the possibility that John might want more. Then he smiled tentatively.
Alkyl nitrites are also known as poppers, they're drugs, though they're not considered to be particularly hardcore, I don't think. Certainly not on the level of heroin or cocaine. They're meant to be inhaled, and are supposed to relax you muscles, so some use it before anal sex to make it easier.
Sherlock’s current theory was that he was being married off to someone as part of some sick deal. It made sense- the photographs, evidence of the ‘goods’. Magnussen’s tests of how far he would go, preparing him for this moment, when he would sign away his freedom to someone he’d most likely never met. His stomach roiled at the thought. He’d be like a mail-order bride, forced to wait on a man who would probably be as horrible as Magnussen, raped as often as the man could get it up. He’d be taken away from London, maybe even away from England, trapped in some big country house where he would rot into madness while everyone searched for him.
Sherlock appeared to seriously consider it for a moment, then shook his head. “You can undress me later.”
John paled slightly. “When I left you with her. God, she could have killed you!”
“Right, now you know what we’re going to do, you know how absolutely important it is that you stay absolutely still. No jerking about, or any of that, okay? Can I trust you?” John said seriously.
Sherlock nodded, and John leaned down to kiss him before leaving. Sherlock relaxed into the mattress, allowing himself to float as he listened to the sound of John’s footsteps on the stairs.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “Can you get on with it, then? Since we are agreement.”
Sherlock had two modes of eating- vacuum cleaner and picky child. He was currently displaying the second mode. He ate his peas like this- he speared them carefully on his fork, one on each tine. Once he had four peas on his fork, he swiped them through the mashed potato and ate them. Then he had one slice of sausage. He’d pre-sliced the sausages beforehand, calculating the thickness to leave him with exactly the same number of slices as the number of peas divided by four.
There’s something strangely intimate about meeting a city for the first time in the wee hours of the morning, when everything is hushed but not silent, like the deep, slow breaths of a sleeping lover. Stepping out of the ever-bright and bustling airport into the cold winter night, Sherlock took John’s hand, stopping him for a moment as he just stood, gazing up at the night sky and breathing in deep lungfuls of Philadelphian air.
John took a moment to collect himself before getting up and knocking on Sherlock’s door. Sherlock grunted in response, and so John let himself in.
The game is over.
John and his team were out on a routine patrol when they spotted the footprint. They didn’t recognise it for what it was, at first, it was so huge. It just looked like an oddly shaped dent in the ground. It was Murray who realised it first.
John huffed and kissed him again. “Yeah, all right, keep your pants on.”
He was ripped out of the fantasy when the bathroom door opened and Magnussen walked in. He was naked, his red, hard cock bobbing in the air as he got into the shower with Sherlock. Large hands wrapped around Sherlock’s waist as he was tugged backwards, hot flesh digging into the cleft of his arse.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock closed his eyes. Of course. He turned his arm over, exposing his pale wrist and forearm. There was a pause, and then Magnussen began to laugh. Sherlock glanced up, glaring at him through slitted eyes.
Then a whole lot of things happened at once. John found Sherlock in a drug den, Sherlock got shot by Mary. Magnussen.
Having assigned Sherlock this monumental task, he then proceeded to make it almost impossible by lowering his head and swiping his tongue over Sherlock’s pink and quivering hole.
Yet there he was, in a dress; a wedding dress, no less, and seated in the lap of the most vile man he’d ever met, because it was for John, and John was worth more than every case Sherlock had ever worked combined.
John leaned up to peck Sherlock on the lips as Sherlock’s eyes glazed over. “Soon, love. Come on, eat up.”
Sherlock squeezed John’s hand back. “This is fine. Just go to sleep.”
*****
“Kiss me.” Sherlock murmured, once he’d ascertained that he could speak. “Please.”
John nodded awkwardly, unsure how he was meant to respond.
John sighed, tugging Sherlock closer to wrap his arms around him. “I appreciate the sentiment. But it’s still a no.”
Sherlock wrapped his arm around John, clinging on tight. “Slow.” He gasped out. “Want to feel you- deep in me, and everywhere. God, John, please.”
“Of course. Let me just-” John was panting heavily too, and after a brief moment of silence he groaned low in his throat. “Fuck, Sherlock.” He sighed. The knowledge of what had just happened hit Sherlock belatedly, and a thrill of arousal ran through him at the thought of John there on the other end of the line, touching himself, thinking of Sherlock and making himself come, all while Sherlock listened in.
“Delivery for you, ma’am.” He recited.
“Oh, you mean like you.” John interrupted, sliding his fingers into Sherlock’s open collar.
So...hmm. I'm not really an angst writer, believe it or not. Why do I write so much angst, then? Because I love it. Because it's honestly important for a plot most of the time. But sweet and fluffy things flow much easier from my fingertips than crying and upsets. (*whispers* this is because of my own tendency to keep a tight lock on my negative emotions so as not to bother people with them) Anyway, what I'm trying to say with this is that I'm too uncomfortable with this chapter emotionally to actually assess how good it is. So please let me know.
It made Sherlock wonder how much Mrs Hudson had known. For all that she seemed like a harmless, scatterbrained old lady, she was unnervingly sharp at times. The room was changed just enough that Sherlock thought he could sleep in it without memories invading his thoughts, the bed changed so that he would not have to lie in the bed where he’d been repeatedly violated. It should have been humiliating, to think that she knew, but somehow he only felt comforted to know that she was looking out for him.
Sherlock returned the smile. “I’m alright, just-” He clenched down on the plug and gasped at the sensation. “A bit too wound. I won’t be able to sleep if I come now.”
John in the early morning was a wonder to behold, soft and sleepy against Sherlock’s side, every part of him limp and relaxed- well, almost every part. Sherlock held John close to him, pressing kisses to his cheeks and nose. John blinked awake, smiling hazily at Sherlock.
“Well.” John said, quickly changing the subject. “That was pretty amazing, what you did. Why don’t you do that more often? Would save us a lot of running about.”
Magnussen’s fingers carded slowly through Sherlock’s wild, sweat-damp hair. “I thought you would have figured it out before today. He pressed the vial into Sherlock’s hands. “It’s only saline water. You can test it, if you like. I know how you prefer to gather your own evidence.”
Sherlock’s grip on John’s left hand loosened slightly, and he opened his eyes, looking at John through a blurry film of tears. Blurry John smiled.
Sherlock smiled contentedly up at John. “So what are you plans for the rest of the day?” He asked, stretching. “Not that this isn’t lovely, but I’m guessing you had plans.”
John’s jaw dropped. “Wow. That’s a lot.”
Sherlock twisted in John’s hold, gazing up at him with a returned look of adoration. John leaned down to kiss him, slowly and sweetly, not letting up until they were both gasping for breath.
They all leaned over the side of the truck, trying to get a better look.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
John shifted, waking. Even in his sleep he could sense when Sherlock was in distress. Perhaps it was their deep emotional connection creating a bond beyond logical understanding, or perhaps it was the tension in Sherlock’s shoulders. He sat up, touching Sherlock’s elbow gently.
He heard footsteps approach, and stop right in front of him. He looked up, and up, and up. Standing in front of him was a centaur. John recognised them, from the pictures in his books. Tears forgotten, he stared in awe.
John hung up his coat and turned around, still ranting angrily. He halted when he didn’t see Sherlock where he’d expected him. He glanced down. Sherlock was on his knees, looking up at him with a contrite expression as his fingers swiftly unbuttoned his shirt, revealing a pale chest, John’s name emblazoned starkly across his left breast. Normally the sight filled John with warmth and affection. In this moment, though, it only fuelled his anger. He grasped Sherlock’s open collar, hauling him to his feet.
Sherlock’s lips quirked. “Perhaps I thought you deserved a little effort.”
, trust him to know his limits and let John know where they are, trust that Sherlock would not allow John to continue if he was really hurt. And John has to trust himself and his own abilities as well.
Mycroft steepled his fingers together in thought, for a moment looking very much like his younger brother. “It’s possible.” He said eventually. “I’ve been looking into it, with little success. Whoever shot him was highly skilled and very thorough. I haven’t been able to discover much.”
John sighed. “I just don’t want to do anything to make
There were novels in the way the pair glanced at each other. “I see.” She said again, slightly more surprised. She wondered whether it had been Sherlock or John who’d pulled the trigger. John was the soldier, but she’d heard stories of the things Sherlock had done while he was dead, though she hadn’t known it was him at the time. They both had equal motivation to do it.
John’s mouth fell open, but no words came out, only breathy, half-voiced pants. His eyes were fixed on Sherlock’s face, watching him with an awestruck expression. He thrust up into Sherlock’s fist, and Sherlock stroked him faster, eagerly pushing him closer to orgasm. Sherlock’s own heart was pounding, breathless and dizzy with anticipation.
Magnussen comes to see Sherlock. He, too, has got some things to say.
The second attempt went much better than the first. He didn’t have to touch himself directly, and even at a low setting the vibrator made him limp with pleasure, panting heavily as he felt his orgasm building. Just as he reached his peak, a wild panic overwhelmed him, and he ripped the vibrator away, gasping as he tried to figure out where that sudden spike of unbridled terror had come from.
Sherlock kept his mouth on John, suckling and licking at John’s softening cock until John gasped with oversensitivity, pushing him off gently. John, who was nearly as needy after orgasm as Sherlock was, tugged Sherlock into his lap, wrapping one arm around him. The other hand roamed teasingly over Sherlock’s lanky frame, setting Sherlock’s nerve endings alight wherever he was touched. Sherlock moaned, squirming, all the more aroused for the knowledge that it was hours yet before he had any chance of finding relief.
John allowed Sherlock to crush his hand in his vice-like grip with nary a wince, looking with concern at his friend. He placed a gentle hand on Sherlock’s cheek, but the other man flinched away as if he had been burned.
Sherlock blinks passively up at him. He hums quietly. “I’ll write an apology letter.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John nodded. “Can we eat first?” He was starving, and more importantly, he wanted to get some food in Sherlock. The man was noticeably flagging, clearly exhausted. John didn’t want to imagine how long it had been since Sherlock’s last proper meal.
Sherlock scowled. John was being deliberately obtuse. “I meant- I believe the popular term is ‘snogging’, or in the American colloquialism, since we were just there, ‘making out’ .” Sherlock continued talking quickly, before John could say anything. “Which is not something I’m particularly keen on, and I eventually decided I’d rather move on than get stuck on step two.”
Sherlock nodded desperately. “Yes, John.” He gasped. “Let me out. Please.”
Watson. Secondly, Magnussen gained nothing from letting John know- he would lose his hold over Sherlock for nothing more than the opportunity to watch him suffer. Thirdly, and oddly enough, the fact that really pulled him out of his rising panic- those weren’t John’s footsteps.
“Good?” He murmured.
“I know you want me to wait until tonight to come, but that doesn’t mean you can’t.” Sherlock argued. “Please, John.”
John hesitated. “That will need to be worked out.” He said, as evenly as he could. “But you don’t seriously expect that I’m going to go home and say ‘Oh, Mary, I heard today that you shot my best friend. Please don’t do that again, what’s for dinner?’ That’s not- I can’t do that, nor will I.”
. Isn’t that right?”
John nodded. “Alright, we can go. Let me just pay the bill.”
John took his time undressing Sherlock, savouring the slow reveal of skin as he unbuttoned each button. Sherlock stood calmly, arms loose by his side as he watched John’s deft fingers. Sherlock’s shirt finally unbuttoned, John slid his hands up Sherlock’s chest, brushing across his nipples and causing him to let out a soft breath. John slid the shirt off Sherlock’s shoulders, allowing it to fall to the floor. Next, he undid Sherlock’s trousers, easing them off those slim hips. Sherlock stepped out of them, pressing closer to John. Underneath, he was completely nude, unadorned except for the cage locked around his cock. John ran his hands down Sherlock’s scarred back, squeezing his round arse with a small grin.
Sherlock smiled. He could hear the excitement in John’s voice, could guess at the little thrill he felt at the possibility of getting caught.
(See the end of the chapter for
When John finally left after a few hours, Sherlock breathed a sigh of relief. That had been close. John was sharper than most gave him credit for. He’d have to be more careful.
“A good man. Someone who can do something extraordinary, and uses it to help someone. My best friend. A man I’ve fallen in love with.”
Sherlock rolled onto his back, hand falling away from John’s wrist. “This is stupid.” He muttered.
“I am happy.” Sherlock was still frowning. “But you’re- You don’t want to get married.”
“No, more.” Sherlock moaned, shaking his head wildly. “More, John, please.”
“Shit, you’re right. Turn this truck around.”
John did that often, dropped little bits of seemingly out-of-place affection in the middle of a scene. It wasn’t something Sherlock had ever encountered before John, and each incidence of it sent flutters of warmth through his veins.
Sherlock stopped singing abruptly and stepped back. “So there you go. I can make you, a straight man, want me. I could make Sally Donovan imagine she’s fallen in love with me, if I wished. If you don’t find that frightening...perhaps you should.”
John is clever and capable and I will fight anyone who thinks otherwise.
The present exchange afterwards was even worse. First was Mr. Holmes’ gift to Mummy. For that, they all had to get up and wrap themselves in blankets and dressing gowns so they could traipse out to the shed, where Mr. Holmes had hidden - a motorcycle, of all things. Mummy beamed, throwing her arms around her husband’s neck. Mr. Holmes patted her on the back.
“What’s got you thinking so hard?” John asked, his tone light and casual.
“But you have.” Sherlock said earnestly. “That’s what you’ve always done, from the beginning. Since the first time you shot a man for me.”
The confrontation.
It is rather boring, being tortured. There isn’t much to do, one way or another. Sherlock did his best to ignore the pain. He went to the back garden, and let the bees swarm around him. Then he felt pain lash across his back, and before his eyes a gash was rent in the sky, red and oozing. Sherlock opened his eyes with a gasp. He didn’t go back there again until Mycroft rescued him.
John narrowed his eyes at Sherlock. “Evidently not. Come on, love. Tell me.” He cajoled.
“It’s not just photographs, was it. What Magnussen did to him.” He said flatly.
So this chapter doesn't really have the...energy...of last chapter. That's my fault, I'm sort of emotionally bleh right now, (also I came four times today already so maybe that's also why, but TMI) so I think that showed a lil, sorry.
Always a light sleeper, John was sitting up in bed and switching on the bedside light even before he consciously registered another presence in the room.
“Sherlock? Open your eyes, love.” He murmured.
Magnussen whisks Sherlock away to the countryside.
Watson stepped forwards, shooting Sherlock an apologetic look as he spoke. “Mr Holmes. If you could just lie down- and put your arms above your head- yeah, just like that. Cross your legs at the ankles? Just a little bit more, like this-”
Sherlock turned his head, speaking to Magnussen’s knee. “What do you want?” He muttered.
The day Sherlock acquired the tattoo on his chest, he laid in John’s arms, smiling, and John held him, and smiled with him, and kissed the smile from his face. It didn’t stop there. John kissed him every day, on no particular schedule. He kissed him when he woke up in the morning, and before they went to bed together, and at random times during the day. Sherlock looked at himself in the mirror again. (A relief- even Sherlock had to admit he had a bit of a vain streak.) Sometimes he looked at the scars, and seeing them still filled him with regret. More often, though, his eyes were drawn up and to the left, to the words that were for him a source of strength and comfort. To words that declared that there was somewhere he belonged- with John. Which was just how he liked it.
“And I hate public speaking.” He added.
John took advantage of Sherlock’s surprise to begin thrusting into Sherlock, holding his slim hips tight as he pounded into him, making Sherlock whine and cling to him.
John took a sip. The chocolate was wonderful - warm, smooth, creamy, and very, very chocolatey. He turned to smile at Sherlock. “No wonder you love Christmas so much. It’s got all your favourite things - sweet drinks, not having to get dressed…”
John stared at Sherlock for a long moment, then broke out into a wide grin. “Yeah. Yeah, you’re right. That we do.”
By midnight on Christmas Day they were in the air, two hours into a nine hour flight to Philadelphia, Sherlock giggling into a corner shop sandwich with his head against John’s shoulder as John sang Elton John songs at him under his breath.
(See the end of the chapter for
Some very important aftercare.
Time for presents.
“She’d just been through a traumatic experience, and you were an insensitive prick. She didn’t need that, and you know it. Or you would’ve, if you’d stopped for even a second to consider her feelings. But you didn’t, did you? You just barrelled in without a care, with no thought for what she’d just gone through. Or, hell, maybe you just didn’t realise because if it’d been
“Fuck, you feel good.” John groaned. “So tight and hot. You like this? Having my cock in you?”
Then, again, a whole lot of things happened at once. John shot Magnussen. Magnussen shot Mycroft. John found out about Sherlock’s feelings for him, and apparently felt the same. Mary divorced John. The baby was not John’s.
John comes back.
John wrapped a hand around Sherlock’s cock, stroking him, pushing him closer and closer to that long-awaited edge.
So we learned from TEH that Sherlock becomes a giant teenager when his crush/boyfriend and his parents are in the same room. I wanted to write a bit of that. Look at him, all shy but also showing off his shiny new boyfriend at the same time.
Sherlock nodded. “I will, John.”
Sherlock wriggled slightly, feeling out his body. “Fantastic.” He sighed. “Thank you.”
Sherlock sighed. “Fine. I’ll have the bangers and mash.”
John gets Sherlock ready. He's already more than ready.
“As soon as we can.” Sherlock said simply. “Once we pack, we’ll get the earliest flight we can to any part of America. Any decently interesting part, that is.”
It's John!!! The moment you have all been waiting for...
John pictured this, a surge of possessive lust rising in him just at the idea. “Yeah, that’s- that’d be good.” He agreed. “Do you know where we could get it done?”
Looking for more excitement in his life (less likely to be boring)
John tugged off Sherlock’s jeans and pants and then sat back in his chair, taking a moment to appreciate the incredible sight of a naked, panting, obscenely hard Sherlock Holmes splayed out on his desk. He gripped Sherlock’s hips firmly and tugged him closer, lips closing around Sherlock’s cock as he sucked him slowly, teasing Sherlock and pleasuring him without letting him get close to the edge.
Sherlock’s mouth was heavenly- warm and so, so wet, and John was soon on the edge of coming. He tugged Sherlock off him, the both of them panting heavily. John stood, tugging off the rest of his clothing.
Months passed in a blur of cities and kisses. John found himself marking the days by the latter rather than the former. He’d recall the days by these precious, scattered events- The day Sherlock kissed him to shut him up when he’d been laughing about the sight of Sherlock on a bicycle; the kiss bestowed upon him as they cuddled in bed, John telling embellished stories of their supposedly haunted hotel while Sherlock laughed and scoffed; the kiss presented together with a mug of hot chocolate as John nursed his bruised ego after a miserable failure on one of Vermont’s ski slopes.
“Git.” John murmured into Sherlock’s ear, but his tone lacked bite, and was softened further a moment later by the kiss he pressed against Sherlock’s cheek.
John’s eyes glazed over as he jerked and shuddered, his cock hot and pulsing in Sherlock’s hand as he came, spurting over Sherlock’s hand and the rumpled white sheets. Sherlock stroked him through it, only stopping when John began to wince with oversensitivity.
"Because if I don't comply with this contract and the Venenum find out that I've defied a contract with my DNA on it, they'll see it as a huge crime," he answered, wiping his finger on a paper tissue. Then he took a set of spare keys out of his pocket and handed them to her, "I suppose you'll need these from now on."
It had been raining all night and truth to be told, Sherlock has always enjoyed the rain. It's soft, pure and life-giving. He's always been fascinated by it.
“How can you tell?" he sighed, "anyway; It's late, you need to rest."
"In his mind, certainly. If you were to ask him; he’d probably say his arch enemy. He does love to be dramatic."
"My... my birthday?"
"Are you sure?" Mycroft shot her a doubtful glance. She knew exactly why he was sceptical about this but she didn't care about it. Sherlock would never hurt her, she believed it whole heartedly.
"And what if I am? What are you gonna do about it? Beat me into your submission?" She asked in a challenging tone.
She looked at the glass again and made up her mind. It wouldn't be an easy and painless way to die but even a horrendous death was infinitely better than anything that was awaiting her in this flat. She just needed to act fast enough and tolerate the pain for a few minutes (... or even just a few short seconds) and then it'd all end, she would be free.
These long and quiet walks through London's usually crowded streets have always managed to soothe him somehow and that was one of the many reasons as to why he couldn't bear to live anywhere else. He could feel its beating heart and that made his existence almost bearable.
An idea crossed her mind like a lightning and suddenly she started looking around for her handbag; for her phone to be more precise, to call for help.
"What exactly do you want from me, Sherlock?"
"I'm not so certain about the first part of that statement."
He nodded as she accepted the extra set of keys, then silently and picked up his own paper.
"Yeah, we really are."
"When you came into my life, I was so alone. I'd been to war, seen horrible things and I was desperately trying to fit into a civilian life but I couldn't. I wanted to end it all... then you came along and did the impossible. I owe you so much. You changed me, made me a better man. And then when you 'died'... well you already know all about it now."
"You're right. Let's change perspective then." He rubs his hands together in somethin akin to excitement.
"To some extent, yes. But most of them are just myths fabricated by humans and their fear of us."
"Sherlock Holmes," Azalea greeted, "And his companion."
He gently took her arm to inspect the wound for himself. It wasn't deep and it was pretty clean, much to Sherlock's relief. He was about to look for something to bandage it (just to be on the safe side) but the smell of blood filled the air again.
Molly brings out the cake and Sherlock is about to blow the candles but molly interrupts him, "make a wish first."
"They know I'm their superior in the field of solving crimes. I've spent my life studying and practicing it."
He's on Barts rooftop, I'm down on the street talking to him soothingly through the phone with a lump in my throat. He's crying, I can tell. I want to run to him, take him away from the edge and hold him in my arms and never let go. But he forbids me from moving towards him.
His expression is so shocked that for a second, I wonder if he's having a stroke. Eventually he says, "But you're not -"
"Oh Sherlock," I pull him into my arms.
"Yesterday I had a bad feeling... like something terrible might happen to you.  12 hours later, you collapsed. I told Mycroft...  I was just thinking out loud. I didn't think it was anything important. But he told me you and I have a bond. I don't know why you didn't tell me about those before and honestly? Right now, I can't be bothered to care but based on what your brother said, I think we ARE 100 percent sure about this."
"Because the answer is not that simple."
"If you can calm down a bit, I will explain that."
"What?" He's stalling. He doesn't want to answer, he doesn't want me to know.
"Alright then," he inhaled, "Sit down. You may feel a little dizzy but don't panic." Joan did as she was told and he closed the last bit of distance between them by taking another step.
"Thank you," She replied as they shook hands with each other.
"You haven't answered my question. I asked first. Plus, I thought you were clearing things up for ME."
"If not for your own, for the sake of your poor companion and her mental health, put your stubbornness aside for once in your god damn life," Mycroft warned bitterly but firmly the next morning as he watched his brother's eyes begin to open.
"And you don't? For any of them? Ever?"
Two days later, Sherlock Holmes still hadn't managed to get his saviour out of his head. He'd deduced that she was an ex-army doctor but he couldn't comprehend why she still wanted to help people after all the cruel and horrible things that she must have witnessed and been through back in the war abroad.
Suddenly he realized that he's stopped merely meters away from where he'd been attacked two days ago. Something about that night didn't make sense to him and his mind marvelled at the memory for some time, trying to unroll the mystery. He couldn't even thank her for her help or apologise for disappearing.
The raindrops on the skylight created a sort of soft melody that he could hear from the bed. They'd lured him to sleep last night while John was on a shift.
Joan stepped into the room hesitantly."Hey.  I… um… I just wanted to check in on you."
"Yes, there is."
Even Mycroft can't keep his happiness hidden. Greg makes him and Molly laugh with his jokes as Mrs. Hudson showers Rosie with kisses.
"You're early," Sherlock says, lowering the bow, sounding almost as exhausted as John feels.
"And why is that, Mr Holmes?" Oleander asked.
"If I wanted you dead or wanted to hurt you, I would have done it already. And I also believe I had a better chance at that while you were passed out, wouldn't you say so?" He spoke in a low tone. His right hand was now resting on the door, next to her face.
Could I have saved him? Was there something I could have done to help him?
"So? None of the other companions look like that," she said, looking around the bar, "I mean some of them seem to be slaves, just as you'd said but that's not what's odd about him, he's just frozen over there. He looks... lost, adrift."
"Well we can run and jump better than humans. And our five senses are heightened in comparison."
"And how is that?"
He knew Venenum would never contact someone if the matter at hand wasn't extremely serious and urgent. Venerum used modern technology, in fact they enjoyed it but even in that, they were very secretive and knew exactly how to conceal themselves and not to leave any traces behind. They used code words in their messages and had many other ways of protecting themselves even against modern technology.
"An enemy?"
"He was a biologist before he became a vampire. He told me that himself."
What was she doing in a flat she didn't recognize?
They each said goodbye to her before walking out of the door.
He inhaled deeply, “Taking your own life. Interesting expression. Taking it from whom? Once it's over, it's not you who will miss it. Your own death is something that happens to everybody else. Your life's not your own. Keep your hands off it."
"Saw? How?"
She shook her head. "Those two are completely different things. I wouldn't want anyone, including you to be accused of something they haven't done or to be punished for a crime they're innocent of."
I hope you enjoy this chapter. Please leave kudos and comments if you enjoy it. Happy reading!
"Whatever it is that Moriarty was after, the one specific thing that he wanted so badly."
"I know your instinct is to get these humans out of here as soon as possible, but you honestly can't do anything about it," Sherlock said as he looked at her, his voice barely audible due to the loud music.
"Well, I have. With one of your weapons actually," He confirmed.
"No I didn't sleep to be honest. Too excited? And Well, what does it look like I've been doing?"
His mind raced uncontrollably, watching raindrops pour down on her face. Silver moonlight shone on the two of them as Sherlock held her unconscious figure.*"What am I to do now?"* he asked himself. He couldn't leave her alone out there in the rain especially after what had happened and his secret was already out now so there was only one thing that he COULD do;
"You can't be serious."
"Protection. Not for myself, but for my companion. She was attacked last night by another vampire. I let him get away because I dislike having blood on my hands and he seemed scared and sensible enough not to repeat such a huge mistake ever again but I won't hold myself back if there happens to be a next time."
He joins me on the sofa, I wrap a blanket around both of us as it's really cold tonight.
"Yeah, I suppose they do," she replied thoughtfully.
I reach out and take his hand with a smile.
He pauses and I start to see the signs: he's lost weight, his skin is tanned, his hair is longer and it's a mess. Suddenly he winces.
"What should we do?" Joan had been caught off guard. She hadn't considered this possibility.
"This is a great danger to our kind," the other man said thoughtfully, "How many so far?"
"Yes. Did... did you like it?"
"Would it upset you if it is?"
Joan felt her entire body freeze with fear and go numb. "Sherlock..." She looked up at him, hoping he'd let her go back to the flat.
"And you thought that was a good idea? Yes, blood bags may make you feel more like a vampire than a human and yes, you may not be sure if you can stop at the right time if you feed on her. But now you're starving, you were slowly going mad with hunger and I'm not even sure if it's safe to leave you alone with her anymore."
Sherlock cursed himself for not nothing it sooner but he was blinded by rage and fear. This definitely wasn't a good time to discuss what had happened as she was sick and there were too many emotions blocking his mind from thinking clearly at the moment as well. They had to postpone their conversation for now.
"How about you let me go home then? So I can at least try to sleep."
Two years have passed. I should let him go, everyone says so; but I simply can't. I should move out, get a new flat, but I know this is where I belong, where I'll always belong even if my body isn't here. No matter how hard I try, I'm unable to move on. Alcohol is my only friend and I barely get through my shifts at the clinic. Most days I don't sleep at all, when I do, there are nightmares... well, one nightmare. I see him die countless times in my dreams... I hear his words over and over again. Each time I wake up in tears to my own screams. I get through each day on autopilot. My mind almost never stops thinking about him.
Suddenly Joan's body finally caught up with her mind and she rushed to stand in front of him in his defence. She couldn't let this happen, It wasn't fair. Both as a soldier and as a doctor, she had a strong conscience that wouldn't allow her to rest in the future if she let Sherlock be accused of something he hadn't done in this moment.
It's snowing when he shows up at my door. For a second I think I'm hallucinating him, but I'm not. He reaches out and holds my arm. He's real and he's as surprised as I am. I want to punch him and hug him in equal measure.
His pupils widen and I regret my words already but I'd promised myself I'd tell him if he ever came back to me, so I push myself forward.
similar than you think."
"About what?"
"Joan, they are for you; it's all yours. Ok?"
I met him on January 29th at Barts hospital. The memory is crystal clear in my mind. Mike introduced us in the lab and he was busy with an experiment when we walked in.
"What in God's name made you think
"I hadn't had the courage to go to Benjamin's place since he'd passed. I'd been staying with a friend. I just couldn't bring myself to face it. But he'd left everything he owned to me in his will so the lawyer sort of pushed me to go back there. I would have to go there someday eventually so I thought I'd get it over with. When I walked in, someone else was inside. A blond, tall young man. I only saw his back, he ran off so quickly. After that, I could sense being followed everywhere."
Sherlock took a folder out which was the only content of the safe. They examined it carefully.
But today Sherlock could hear the clatter of dishes in the kitchen. John was still on shift and it would be at least an hour until he'd come back. Sherlock quickly got up and put on his dressing gown on in a semi-panic and grabbed John's old pistol which he knew John kept by the drawer of his nightstand.
He knew exactly what was on her mind and normally he'd just let it go but she seemed very scared so he gave her a reassuring look. "Relax and breathe," he said, his voice was barely heard due to the loud music.
"How can you possibly know about the army? Nothing in my handbag could have indicated that and I certainly didn't tell you about it. And only a handful people know about it but you wouldn't possibly be able to contact them."
He could see the concern in her eyes; she hadn't yet shaken the fear off. Did she really worry about him? About the vampire who'd imprisoned her? It couldn't be true… Could it?
Sherlock waits patiently and he's rewarded when he finally spots Sebastian around the house. Venenum was already expecting a signal from the detective and so, in a short time, the whole place is surrounded by their people.
Scenes of what had happened flashed before her eyes. "Vampire," she whispered. She knew how absurd this was but it was the only possible explanation for what she'd seen with her own two eyes, no matter how crazy it sounded.
Mycroft's mind wasn't completely at ease about his brother's health; he knew very well that starvation doesn't agree with vampires. As Sherlock had mentioned, blood made vampires more vicious, but starvation made them mad which was exactly why Mycroft worried about his brother.
Hope you enjoyed this chapter. I hadn't had the motivation to post for so long but a few friends cheered me on and here we are. Kudos and comments appreciated 🥰
"Combination of your birth year and Emily's."
"Some are, but not most of them. It's rather difficult to explain. The myth is that the vampire is drawn towards their companion, even if they don't quite realise it. There is a subconscious bond… an unseen but everlasting link between the two of them."
5: If the companion breaks one of the conditions of this contract, only the mentioned vampire may decide her punishment.'
"Appreciation. Applause. At long last, the spotlight."
"I can't give you a yes or no."
Sherlock spent that night and the following day gathering data about the case. He was so lost in it that Joan wondered if he's aware of his surroundings at all.
"Do you know when was the last time that he fed?" he asked.
"Two. Same signs but apart from living in London and being vampires, they had nothing else in common. Different ages, different genders, different jobs, different parts of town, even different relationship status. But this isn't random, it's not an accident, someone's planned it all out and very carefully too. But I can't see the pattern."
They stood face to face, their eyes locked as the moonlight shone on them through the window. "Joan, I… I can't do this. You don't know what you're asking of me."
When he walks in, Sherlock's playing his violin. John knows him too well and so he knows that Sherlock tends to speak through music when feelings overwhelm him but he doesn't always understand what he's trying to say.
"You must be tired." He said, interrupting her thoughts and breaking the silence. It was only then that she noticed the darkness outside and that he'd turned the lights on. The night had fallen without her even noticing the passing of time.
Joan was struggling to drift off that night, as her mind wouldn’t rest. It was three A.M when she jolted awake from a nightmare, awoken by her own screaming. As usual, the nightmare was about the war. She'd had many nightmares about her time in the army since she had returned to London but they had stopped abruptly after she had met Sherlock.
"Well, it was certainly nice of the DI to bring a few cases for you then."
"Come in." he nodded.
"Yeah, you do that. I'm gonna go sleep." She sighed and got up; heading upstairs.
Later on, Sherlock would never admit that he'd enjoyed a day without a case or an experiment or that he keeps the rose petals between the pages of his favourite book to this day or that he enjoyed spending the evening with Lestrade, Mrs. Hudson, Mycroft, Stamford, Molly and everyone else or that he enjoyed the dinner with John at Angelo's. But John would know that the smile on his lover's face while everyone was having cake was worth a thousand sleepless nights.
"I think I'm coming down with a cold." She replied, founding herself unable to lie or ignore him.
"Oh. No. We weren't a couple. I had a boyfriend four years ago. Benjamin wasn't really happy about it but as always, he put my happiness before his own. I never told Jackson anything about Benjamin however. I didn't want Benjamin to come into harm because of me. But there was always this fear in his eyes; like he was expecting every single time we met to be the last one and Jackson would hurt me in some way at one point. A year after me and Jackson met, we got engaged and a few months afterwards, I found out that I was pregnant but he wasn't at all pleased to hear it. He said he wasn't ready for a baby yet. But I didn't want an abortion and he got very mad about it so we separated. I was devastated at the time. I thought that I couldn't handle being a single parent so I was going to put the baby up for adoption once she'd be born. Benjamin knew it wasn't what I truly wanted for my child; that I was very scared. He gave me all the support he could. He was a much better father to Emily than her biological father ever would have been. He was ready, eager even to give her his own last name just to make everything easier for me and her, so that she wouldn't feel any different or feel the absence of a father in her life. He adored her and she loved him just as much in return," she explained with a sad tone which made Joan wonder if Sophia would ever recover from this loss.
Joan on the other hand, was extremely surprised at this question. "Excuse me?!"
"No. Stop this. Let me do the right thing for once, ok?"
"I've got one or two, yeah." Understatement. She had a thousand questions that flooded her mind like a hurricane.
"What does that mean?" Now she was looking up at him again.
"How… How do you know about my daughter?" Sophia looked up at him with utter surprise.
"It only makes sense that I find out all I can about the vampire who's keeping me in his flat. Don't you think so?"
"I'm not. You're coming with me. Hurry up!" He said as he dashed out of the room and she followed after him once she'd grabbed her own coat.
"Do you even hear yourself? You'd be risking your own life!"
"I heard you talking to Mycroft, Sherlock. I know you refuse to drink blood because you don't want to hurt me. And I didn't tell you I'd heard you because... how could I?"
Again one of my favourite chapters. 🥰 Joan and Sherlock start to unravel the mystery of the murders.
"Prolong what?" He asked, not sure if he'd heard that correctly.
Her voice broke on the last sentence and Sherlock waited a minute before he said: "You've been very brave and of great help to solving this case, Miss Miller."
"I was more than willing to fight. Still am."
"I really can't-"
I don't even know how to summarise this chapter. 😁 just go on and read it please.
Half an hour later, the three of them gathered just outside Benjamin's house.
She recognised her ex-fiance's number instantly. "Yes. That's Jackson's number but how can he be connected to all of this?" At the beginning of their text conversation, Sebastian had sent Jackson an address, then they'd set meeting places and times several times, and afterwards, Jackson had sent pictures taken from a distance of Benjamin's house.
"That's a good deduction. Yeah."
"But you didn't give me a proper answer when I asked if you've lied about me being your companion."
He takes out Sebastian's phone from his pocket and after a few clicks, hands it to Sophia.
"Yes."
For the first time in a very long time, Sherlock felt stifled in his own flat; as if there was simply not enough air in the room and his lungs struggled to get some oxygen into his body; his skin was buring with a fever like it'd been set on fire and the silence of the flat was weighing heavily on him.
"To be honest, I think a bit of both." He answered her original question.
He actually wanted to say that she was his companion but thought better of it and stopped himself. 'She may not wish to be addressed like that,' He thought. There was no need to share that information with anyone beyond what is absolutely necessary, he could try to limit the number of people who knew about their bond to a minimum. It was the least he could do for her.
"W… what?! You were his… his companion?"
What had he done?
Yet Sherlock slowly took a piece of a clean cloth and gently handed it to her to wrap it around her wound. He knew exactly what was going through her mind as their eyes locked for the first time. "I meant what I said earlier. If I wanted to kill you, you'd already be dead," he answered the unasked question lingering between them, "If you cooperate, nothing bad will happen to you. So, do both of us a favour and stop trying to kill yourself. Alright?"
(See the end of the chapter for
“Few days.” Sherlock admitted. It didn’t seem like much, but for Sherlock, who made decisions like ‘Should I invite this man I’ve never met to be my flatmate?’ in split seconds, it was almost embarrassingly indecisive.
Sherlock sat back in his chair and nodded, the exhaustion he’d been ignoring for the past couple of hours suddenly hitting him all at once. “Pay by cash.” He said, then froze.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock nodded. “Yes, John.”
. Because of what it
John snorted, kissing Sherlock’s scrunched up nose. “
Mary looked between him and Sherlock, who had come in after John and was now standing behind him, looking primed and ready to jump in and intervene if the situation called for it. Her eyebrows rose.
He didn’t move to cover himself when Magnussen stood, gathering his clothes and dressing himself. Magnussen, fully put back together, stood by the bed, regarding Sherlock’s limp, defeated form. He smiled.
John nodded, understanding now. “The flogger?” He suggested.
The ride back from the case was a tense one, John almost vibrating in his seat as he restrained himself from starting a scene with the cabbie listening in. As soon as they got in the door, though, the anger broke through his thin shields.
Sherlock curled up in his chair, touching a hand to his chest. Was it a little sore? He thought he remembered this feeling, from when he was ten or eleven. He glanced down at himself, remembering the way his breasts used to be, swollen lumps sitting uncomfortably atop his chest. He’d hated them, how they were always getting in the way, how they’d broadcast to the world what he was. He remembered people looking at him in confusion, then glancing down to his chest, and their faces would clear, like they understood something, when really they knew absolutely nothing.
“In the middle of a museum. Hang on, let me find a loo.”
Sherlock wrapped an arm around John’s shoulders, steering him out of the room. “Come on. I finally have you all to myself for a month and a half, and we have dinner reservations to celebrate, but first, we have to get home because I want to ride you.”
John chatted to Sherlock all the way back to the hotel, breaking his stream-of-consciousness chatter only to give directions to the taxi. He kept it up until he was outside the room door, and Sherlock could hear John’s voice in stereo, a muffled preview from outside, then again a half-second later from his phone. Sherlock hung up as he heard the door swing open.
“Good. I’m glad.” Sherlock’s tone held a note of pleased surprise, and he wrapped his arms around John, glaring over John’s shoulder at his parents, especially his mother who seemed like she was on the verge of audibly ‘aww’-ing at them.
Sherlock licked his lips. “Yes.” He admitted. “Where are you?”
When he glanced up at John, he found him watching him, a small amused smile on his face. He’d already finished his curry rice with naan, and his plate had been taken away. Sherlock scowled, suddenly feeling self-conscious.
The car stopped in front of the huge glass-covered entrance. They both got out, Sherlock following Magnussen through the house into a surprisingly cosy looking bedroom.
“Have you got elf blood? Fae?” He asked over dinner at Angelo’s.
Sherlock shrugged, flicking a hand dismissively. “She didn’t. You would have known.”
John cocked his head. “But I thought the point was that you didn’t want to see it.”
“That would be the crying. We’ll stop at the next gas station and get you a bottle of mineral water.”
“Just the police.” Sherlock murmured. “They want me to come in to identify Mycroft’s body.”
“Your
“Fuck, John, I’m gonna come.” He managed to gasp out.
Cautiously, John took the envelope. Inside were approximately twenty sheets of glossy photo paper. Each one was a different, full-colour, A4-sized photograph of a naked Sherlock- Sherlock on his back, back arched, knees in the air and legs crossed, looking over his shoulder into the camera; Sherlock on his knees, sitting back on his ankles, knees spread wide, arms crossed behind his head as he stretched up, elongating his torso, head tilted back to bare his neck; Sherlock on his knees and elbows, arse thrust up into the air, legs spread; Sherlock on his back looking up into the camera, one arm draped across his chest, the other hand covering his crotch.
Again, trigger warning. I'd say this is the worst of the last few chapters, so, y'know...be warned.
“Nope.” Sherlock said with a broad grin. “This is good. We’ll leave right after Christmas.”
Wedding preparation was hectic, but after, there was nothing left to do but hide in memories that stung like they were wasps rather than bees. Sherlock spent hours in the garden, and when he opened his eyes, it was almost a surprise to see his skin pale and smooth rather than itchy and swollen.
“But why?” There was a petulant note now in Sherlock’s voice.
“And you listened to her?” John sounded incredulous.
John shrugged. “The usual. Mum stuff. You know.”
Sending love and support,
He had a grand time, but Nana always said that they had to start heading back even before the sun started to set, so they would be back well before dark. The sun wasn’t as high in the sky as it had been, so John figured it was about time to start going back. Only, he didn’t have any idea where back was.
“Oh, that’s good. I was going to have you hold the vibrator, you know. It’s unfortunate your arms are so short.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John collapsed back into his chair, panting. He  tied off the condom and tossed it into the bin, running his hands along Sherlock’s thighs as they both took a moment to recover. After about a minute Sherlock sat up with a wince before hopping to his feet, grabbing a few tissues out of the box on John’s desk to clean himself up.
Sherlock hummed sleepily. “Very good.”
Mrs Holmes has a talk with John.
Sherlock nodded, a pleased smile suffusing his features. John knew him so well by now, knew how his mind and body worked. It was wonderful to be have someone who really understood him and could always give him what he needed.
“Oh, I do covet your hands, Mr. Holmes. Since you’ve survived, though, I suppose you get to keep them.” He picked up Sherlock’s hand, fingertips tracing along Sherlock’s long, elegant fingers. “Look at them.” He murmured. He removed the pulse oximeter, replacing it on his own finger. That would throw off the nurses. Though his pulse was higher than Sherlock’s own resting heart rate, it was far less of a red flag than the way Sherlock’s pulse would be skyrocketing in a few moments. “The musician’s hands,” he continued, “an artist’s.” He bent his head, pressing an open mouthed kiss to the back of Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock’s stomach twisted at the sensation of hot breath against his skin. Magnussen glanced up at Sherlock with a knowing gaze. “Or a woman’s?” He suggested.
Gosh, you guys, I am so tired. Tell me if this makes sense. I am...an emotional wreck I cried writing this idk idk someone save me from myself. End of term is the worst.
Sherlock put his ‘John’ collection into the bees. They floated about, buzzing in the tones of the low hum John made in the back of the throat when he was thinking. Now when Sherlock went to lie down in the back garden, John was there too, memories of him triggered each time a bee landed on his cheek or nose like a fluttering kiss. Not that John had ever kissed him. Even so, it was a nice thing to imagine.
“I’m heading back to the hotel now. Should take me about thirty minutes. See you soon, love.” John said, sounding back to his usual self.
Just a teensy bit longer than my usual. There was just no good place to end it. And this chapter came out really quickly, if not as perfectly or as smoothly as I might like.
He took hold of Sherlock’s hair again tugging it as he began to walk towards the bedroom. Sherlock moaned, scrambling on all fours to keep up as John unrelentingly pulled him along. He let go once they reached the bedroom, guiding Sherlock to get on the bed.
John sighed. “Of course you do.”
John recognised the look in Sherlock’s eyes, and realised this was not a fight Sherlock was going to concede easily. Normally, John was perfectly capable of out-stubborning Sherlock, but in this case- he had a point.
Sherlock undressed John, taking his time about it, long fingers stroking over each bit of golden skin as it was revealed. This wasn’t his first time seeing John naked. There had been plenty of accidental glimpses over the years of cohabitation. There had also been less accidental glimpses for a few weeks now. The first time had been an accident, Sherlock walking in John while John had been changing. Sherlock had nearly dropped his cup of coffee, too surprised and aroused to even attempt to tear his eyes away. John had seemed quite pleased by Sherlock’s reaction, and since then, John had been much less shy about changing in front of Sherlock, or even just hanging about in their room in just his pants.
John was suddenly enraged. “So you’re the reason Sherlock was-” His voice faltered, unable to say the words. Sherlock stepped forwards, wrapping a calming hand around John’s wrist.
(See the end of the chapter for
John crouched down carefully, giving Mycroft a quick examination. Sherlock was right- he was gone, there wasn’t any point in calling anyone. He backed away, careful not to touch anything. His head was spinning. Everything had happened so fast, he’d barely had time to register it. He still didn’t understand. Why had Mycroft done that? He’d sacrificed himself, for John. They hadn’t even been all that close. None of it made sense.
Sherlock stripped, crawling into bed with a sigh. John followed him soon after, cuddling up close.
Lips pressed roughly against his, and then the oppressive weight against him was gone, footsteps taking off down the corridor. Doctor Watson started after him, but then stopped, heading over to Sherlock.
The moment the thin, wintry sunlight filtering through the curtains was bright enough to see, Sherlock was shaking John awake, smiling excitedly.
Sherlock gave a lazy half-shrug. “About fourteen that I’d say I’m actually fluent in. Barely notable, really. The current living record is fifty-nine languages, and there are accounts of people who knew eighty to two hundred, depending on how strict you are on how fluent they had to be and what constitutes a language.” His words were dismissive but his tone was pleased. He always enjoyed a chance to impress John.
Magnussen lifted his head, smirking up at Sherlock in triumph. He’d been disappointed, initially, by Sherlock. He liked his prey with a little life in it, and Sherlock had been so still, and so silent- a far cry from the sweaty, panting mess that now lay before him. He moved so that he could could kiss Sherlock’s lips, letting him taste himself. He reached down, fingers sliding over Sherlock’s now wet hole. He slid one finger in easily, and then two with slightly more difficulty, the muscular walls of Sherlock’s vagina clinging to his fingers. He began to stretch Sherlock, coaxing him open with a scissoring motion until he could just fit three of his fingers.
Mycroft didn’t bother with any preamble either. He succinctly laid out the situation to John, explaining what he needed. John blinked, a worried frown tilting down the corners of his mouth.
Mr Holmes held up his hands innocently. “I didn’t say anything.”
Mycroft was unsurprised to be largely ignored during the exchange between John and Magnussen. Everyone in the room was well aware that between him and John, John was the greater threat. For all his genius, Mycroft spent most of his time behind a desk, while John had been a soldier, and spent his free time chasing criminals through the streets of London. Still, even as he did nothing, he wasn’t completely useless. While John had been distracted, Mycroft had a split second of warning as Magnussen reached for his gun. Mycroft thought, very, very quickly.
Sherlock could feel John shifting beneath him as he turned to look at him. “There’s no good way to grieve.”
“Yeah.” Sherlock groaned. He wrapped his legs around John’s waist, hips rocking as he fucked himself on John’s cock.
Sherlock barely let John get the word out before launching into yet another speech. “There’s no need to respond. Like I said, it’s an explanation, not a request, I understand that-” He halted. “Wait,
“I’m thirsty.” Sherlock muttered.
John fisted his hands in Sherlock’s curls, wrenching his head back until Sherlock met his eyes. “Are you really that eager to get my cock in your slutty mouth?”
.  You know they’ve got nothing better to do than be unnecessarily nosy-” He mimicked a high-pitched voice. “‘Why yes, officer, I did see something strange that day...these two men, down at the local...never seen them before, but one of them was crying, it was so strange...Why yes, he did look a bit like that Sherlock Holmes fellow on the telly...and his friend, Doctor Watson…’ So yes, I do need to ‘pretend I don’t care’ at least until I can get home, so if you would kindly let me get on with it, that would be much appreciated.”
John laughed at the sudden change in Sherlock’s mood. “Oh, that’s very seductive.”
Mary Morstan was dressed and made up, ready to leave, when her husband came in the door. She smiled at him, more out of habit than anything.
John nodded again. “I’m not going to leave him. I-” He glanced towards the stairs. “I love him.” He said quietly. “And he seems to feel the same, even though I’ve...made a lot of mistakes. So. I’m doing my best.”
Sherlock picked slowly at his food. He was hungry, but he kept getting distracted by watching John. He looked good. Sherlock hadn’t been lying, when he’d said that married life seemed to suit John. He’d put on weight, he looked well rested. Quite clearly, Mary was right. John deserved this happiness, no matter how painful it was for Sherlock. Sherlock drank in the sight of John, committing it to memory. He had hundreds of such mental images of John, accumulated over the years. Before John, he’d have thought such things frivolous clutter, things to be deleted. Now, he’d never delete any of them. Every single one was vitally important.
John smiled at him. “I was just thinking that you really look like your mum.”
Sherlock flinched, scrambling for the covers as the door creaked open. His eyes were screwed shut, not wanting to see John looking at his disheveled nakedness. It took him embarrassingly long to register a few things- firstly, Magnussen had said
Christmas morning.
Magnussen was waiting for him in the car. When Sherlock got in, he leaned over, cupping Sherlock’s chin to bring him closer and kissed him on the lips. “Good morning, Mr. Holmes.”
“Thanks.” John murmured. “You okay?”
After a while, Magnussen stepped back. Sherlock went cold, knowing what came next. Magnussen’s hand was on his chest, steadily pushing him back until he was lying on the bed, long fingers unbuttoning his trousers. They dipped beneath the placket of his trousers, curling around his cock and pulling it out. Magnussen turned the packer over in his hand, squeezing it.
“You haven’t come yet.” Sherlock murmured.
When John Watson first started school, aged five, he was told to eat up all the food on his plate. This perplexed him, as his mummy had always told him to leave a little food on his plate when he was done. That night, when Mummy was tucking him into bed, he asked her about it.
you are. But I know
Sherlock screwed his eyes shut and came with a whimper, clamping his thighs together as his body trembled and shook.
“Doctor Watson.” Said Sherlock, edging into the room and shutting the door behind him. John’s sharp eyes didn’t miss the way his nimble fingers locked the door once it was closed. “I thought I’d come to say goodbye.”
John grinned down at him. “Still. You must be some sort of genius,” he joked.
Sherlock grinned at him. “Everything I do is hot.”
John shrugged. “Well, perhaps I’m not so familiar with
It wasn’t to say that nothing worked ever. It was just that you couldn’t rely on any sort of technology in the house to be at all reliable. John learned quickly to adapt, just as his dorm mate said he would. He started taking his tea black, and kept a stash of candles ready for the weekly blackout. He made sure to start attempting to do his laundry well before he ran out, just in case the washing machine broke down. By the time he graduated, he barely noticed the gremlins as anything out of the ordinary.
Sherlock frowned at John as he came to sit next to him on the sofa. “What did she say to you?”
“Fuck, Sherlock, it’s good to see you.” John groaned. He took hold of Sherlock’s curls, tipping his head back so he could leave a trail of red marks down that pale, perfect neck.
Magnussen tapped the back of Sherlock’s hand. “Come on, then. For John.”
John makes the choice Sherlock never expected.
Magnussen chuckled as he watched Sherlock’s reaction. “Andrew, this is Sherlock. Sherlock, Andrew. Quite an amusing coincidence about the name, is it not?” He gestured for Andrew to begin setting up. “As you can see, Mr. Holmes, I’ve arranged a little photoshoot for you. Something for me to keep as a little...memento.”
We get to know the Holmes Family a little more.
He laid a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, and Sherlock nodded shakily, not trusting himself to speak. His heart was jackhammering in his chest, the warmth of Doctor Watson’s hand making him a bit light-headed.
John feeds Sherlock his breakfast, and then he feeds him his cock.
Sherlock stretched, shaking his head. “Not at all, Doctor Watson.”
Sherlock barely lasted a few seconds before he was shuffling back into John’s arms. “You’re a horrible man.”
John slithered down to lie beside him, turning onto his side. “Still, we could go nearly anywhere pretty easily. You managed to hit all the widely-spoken languages.”
“You said-” Sherlock began, startled.
Pressed up against him, Sherlock could feel John’s breathing, slow, deep, and even- too even. John only breathed like that when he was distressed, a product of therapy ‘breathing techniques’. Sherlock had no idea what to do or say, but John didn’t seem to demand any further comfort than for Sherlock to allow him to lean against him. Sherlock rubbed his hand up and down John’s upper arm, remembering that from some show he’d watched with John on the telly. John lifted his head to look Sherlock in the eye, smiling weakly.
“It was hardly difficult.” Sherlock demurred.
They didn’t stay long in Philadelphia. Neither John nor Sherlock had any particular interest in the history of America’s independence, and didn’t bother visiting any of the sites recommended by what felt like every single smug local who happened to notice their British accents. Sherlock instead decided they should go to the Eastern State Penitentiary. They two of them wandered through the crumbling stone ruins together, John only half-listening to the audio tour they’d been given while Sherlock did a little tour of his own, keeping up a running stream of deductions about the past inhabitants of the cells they passed. They also had a wander about the Franklin Institute, and they spent an entire day at the Mütter Museum, a medical history museum that was fascinating for the both of them. Sherlock spent over an hour standing in front of the Hyrtl Skull Collection, a wall of 139 human skulls, observing each skull from every angle possible until he was sure he’d stored each one accurately in his Mind Palace for later reference.
John smiled. “I’m alright with that. No one else is allowed to have you.”
The next night, when Sherlock had the brilliant idea of bringing John along to the crime scene, he brought the file back up to add on to it, just to amuse himself, making up a list of how useful he could get John to be.
Just then, Mycroft’s assistant walked into the room. She held out a thick envelope for Mycroft to take. “This just came for you, sir.” She said.
To his relief, John only smiled and nodded. “All right. That’s fine.”
John stopped short, and then after a stunned moment, broke out into a wide grin. “That’s the best thing I’ve heard all day.”
Sherlock nodded wildly, eyes wide. “Yes. Thank you.”
“He should’ve practiced with something more low-stakes first.”
Ex-military, recently discharged (intriguing, but not exactly beneficial)
John nodded, reaching down. Sherlock was still plugged up from earlier, and he slowly eased it out. Sherlock groaned at the slick slide, at the ache that throbbed in his well-used hole as it tried to clamp down against empty air. John grabbed the lube off the bedside table, slicking himself up. Wasting no time, he positioned himself to Sherlock’s hole and pressed in, slowly, savouring each inch as it slid into Sherlock. Sherlock clutched at John’s shoulders, his moans loud enough that John would have worried about the neighbours hearing, if he wasn’t so preoccupied with the feeling of Sherlock’s arse around his cock. He set a slow, languid pace, pumping in and out of Sherlock as they kissed, hands roaming, touching, trying to be everywhere at once. Pinned down by John’s bulk, Sherlock felt like he was flying, filled and consumed all at once.
John stepped closer, holding Sherlock steady as he struggled back into his tight jeans. “Dinner?” He suggested. “Tonight, if you aren’t busy.”
“Oh, Sherlock, John! Look at the two of you, brown as nuts! I have missed your faces, it’s been too quiet around here. Not that I’ll be happy if you blow up the flat again, mind you. But oh, it’s so good to see you happy again, after all that awfulness.”
John groaned. “Stop teasing me and take me home.”
My favourite thing about this scene, and particularly this chapter, is the way the trust has grown in them even in just one year. Obviously, Sherlock has to trust John to do this to him, but that part was already well established in In Safe Hands. In this scene, John is the one who really has to trust
He’s sleeping in his new makeshift bed when John pops by, two days after Magnussen. He’s got takeaway- Chinese. He frowns at Sherlock when he sees him.
“Is there anyone you can call?” Doctor Watson was saying, his voice soft and concerned.
Silence fell between them again for several minutes. There had been little ambiguity in Sherlock’s words, no way to misinterpret them as being platonic in any way. Sherlock spent the moments bitterly cursing himself. Surely he could have made something up, invented an excuse. John had never seemed to notice all the other times Sherlock’s unwanted feelings threatened to bubble to the surface.
“John?” Sherlock asked in a small voice.
She almost shut the door in his face. The delivery was flowers. She didn’t want flowers. Flowers meant interest, and interest was something very much not wanted at the moment. Still, it wasn’t the fault of the delivery boy. Reluctantly, she took it, intending to throw it away. Still, something stopped her. Perhaps it was the unusual choice of flowers. She didn’t know what they were, just that they weren’t roses. There were several round, delicate clusters of pinkish-purple flowers, the empty space between the bulbs filled with dark green leaves interspersed with pure white star-shaped flowers- geraniums, and stephanotis, though she was blissfully unaware of this fact. Geraniums stood for comfort, and stephanotis for good luck. She knew nothing of this, only that they were unusual enough to slow her down long enough to see the words written in a controlled scrawl, the loose yet tiny handwriting covering both sides of the small card that came with the bouquet. It read:
Sherlock was frowning at him. “You’re still feeling the effects. That’s unusual. You must have some sort of susceptibility. You should go to bed. If you’re still feeling strangely in the morning, I know someone who can-”
“You’re right. There’s no twelve-step programme, we don’t have to do everything ‘in order’. We don’t have to do everything at all, just what you feel you want to and are comfortable with.” John said firmly.
Sherlock smiled back. “Besides,” he added, “I’m sure Scotland Yard is an absolute mess without us.”
Sherlock woke on the day of his and John’s one year anniversary (the anniversary of them confessing their feelings to one another, not the anniversary of when they started having sex) with a buzzing excitement. John had a surprise planned for him, he knew it. Wonderful and occasionally unpredictable as John was, he was still terrible at keeping secrets. Or perhaps not quite so terrible, as Sherlock hadn’t managed to figure out what the surprise was, only that John had ordered something online and hidden it upstairs in his old room. It had been a struggle not to snoop upstairs and take a peek, but he’d manfully resisted. He loved being surprised by John, just as much as John loved to surprise him.
The hospital at three in the morning was almost completely silent. What little sound there was filtered sluggishly through Sherlock’s morphine-slow brain- the tapping of the night nurse at the keyboard, footsteps passing up and down the corridor. Sherlock lay awake, staring at the ceiling, unable to sleep, turning over in his head his most recent interaction with the woman known as Mary Morstan.
John gave him barely a second to get used to it before he was drawing the sound back out and pushing it into Sherlock again. Sherlock gasped and whined, chest heaving, his palms and his feet buzzing with the intensity of it as adrenaline pounded through his blood.
The next few days were a blur of activity. Mary lost no time in packing up John’s stuff, sending them in boxes over to Baker Street along with the divorce papers. Sherlock threw himself eagerly into unpacking John’s things, placing them into the empty spaces in the flat until it was impossible to tell where John’s things ended and Sherlock’s things began. John indulgently allowed Sherlock to do as he pleased, though he warned him that the sock index Sherlock had set up for him would not last very long. Sherlock’s own socks, as well as much of the rest of his clothing, had also migrated up the stairs, stuffing John’s modest closet to near-bursting. Without much pomp and circumstance, John’s bedroom had become ‘their’ bedroom. The door to what had previously been Sherlock’s bedroom remained firmly closed.
Sherlock flushed as his pants and trousers were tugged off his ankles, leaving him naked in the cool air of the room. He regarded Magnussen nervously from his half-sitting position, uncomfortably aware of how he looked, even as he consciously told himself that he shouldn’t care. What did it matter how he looked? There was only Magnussen to see, and Sherlock cared nothing for what he thought. Except, Sherlock knew what he looked like. He chose his clothing carefully, to make himself taller, broader, more masculine- to protect his weakness and vulnerability from the rest of the world. No one had seen him completely naked since he was a child, not even John- no one until now.
Sherlock spent a few minutes warming himself up, then he dialled John’s number, setting the phone to loudspeaker and putting it beside his head.
“Mummy, this is John. I don’t believe you’ve met.” Sherlock said as they entered the warm kitchen. He looked visibly relieved as his ploy worked, and he was released from his mother’s clutches.
Sherlock shuddered. The net was drawing close, now. No backing out possible, not after this. He’d be well and truly caught. Then again, he already was. Magnussen had ascertained that himself just last week.
“You got a bit on you, you washed it off at the restaurant when you were picking up our food.” Sherlock nodded to John’s cuff, which was still damp. “The smell clings, of course it was vomit, and from today, that’s a fresh shirt. Not yours, you’re perfectly healthy, anyone can see that. Not a patient either, you didn’t go into work today, it’s too early for that, if you’d gone in you’d still be there, or you’d have mentioned that you won’t be able to stay long because it’s your lunch break. So- not you, not a patient. Mary’s pregnant, she’s the most likely culprit. You left her still sick- obvious, you rushed out of the house to come here, didn’t even notice the splash until it was too late to turn back, otherwise you’d have changed your shirt. You got the takeaway and came straight here. You would’ve noticed the stain quickly- if you’d gone to meet someone else, before coming here, your cuff would have dried by now. Quite simple.”
John grinned at him. “Okay. We can start making some plans. Figure out where we want to go.”
John didn’t even realise, at first, that his flatmate wasn’t human. Well, actually, he’d suspected something at first.
John blinked awake. “Time ‘ssit?” He rasped.
“So that’s all this has been about. He’s been a little off recently. I thought maybe it was just because of his injury and-” He paused. “There was something Sherlock said, a few weeks ago...I think he knows who the shooter is, and just doesn’t want to say. Do you think that has something to do with this?”
“What do you mean?” John interrupted. “We’ve kissed hundreds of times.”
“Do you think about me?” Sherlock asked. “When you touch yourself.”
Forty-five minutes later he was back in the hotel room with a small bullet vibrator that he’d been assured would ‘drive him wild’. Getting naked once again, he turned the device on and held it against his cock.
Chapter today is longer than usual. Only Sherlock would manage to have so many thinkies over a wank, haha
John sighed, his breath gently ruffling Sherlock’s curls. “It’s...it’s not alright, but I understand.” He nuzzled along Sherlock’s hairline, kissing his forehead. “But you know- you don’t have to keep doing that. You’ve done so much to protect me. It’s my turn, now. Let me be the one to protect you, and keep you safe.”
John gently tugged Sherlock out of the restaurant and got them a cab, keeping a grounding hand on his elbow the whole time.
He paused when he saw the app Sherlock was using. The screen read: ‘General Average: 150Hz. Minimum Average: 122Hz. Maximum Average: 196Hz. Your range is mostly: Male.’
John smiled, leaning in to kiss him. “You’re very welcome, sweetheart.”
New York is he obvious place to ring in the New Year.
Sherlock’s well-used arse opened easily for John’s fingers, and John fucked him open with quick, rough movements, getting him ready. Soon, he was pressing a medium-sized plug into him. It was one that vibrated, but John could tell that if he used that function Sherlock would be coming like a shot. For the moment, he left it off. The plug was shaped to press and rub against Sherlock’s prostate with every movement. For the moment, that was enough for John’s intentions.
“Relax. Enjoy a little privacy.” Sherlock’s attempt at discretion was utterly ruined by the bright red flush that suffused his face. “I mean, we’ve been attached at the hip for months now. Some alone time would be good. Healthy, even. Or so I’ve heard.”
Sherlock had been scattered, unable to give his whole focus to the case as he usually did, his own mood reflected back and amplified by John beside him, radiating discontent. It was a quick case, an easy solve, but when you’re Sherlock Holmes, it doesn’t take long to screw everything up.
“What are you actually going to do about Mary?” Sherlock asked, just to distract John. The topic would have needed to be broached before they got back to London anyway. “What you said, just now. While I appreciate the sentiment, she is both highly dangerous and carrying your child. I doubt she would be happy. She’s...quite possessive.”
John reached down, sliding the plug out of Sherlock with a slick pop, leaving him wet and open. He grabbed the lube, pouring it into his hands and began to stroke his cock, enjoying the view.
“You know, they say that whatever you’re doing at midnight on New Years’ Eve is an indicator of what you’re going to be doing in the coming year.” John said, as the gathered crowd chanted numbers several floors below.
“What did he want?” John asked, impatient to move the conversation along.
John set the photographs back on the table, face down. His eyes were blazing with anger. “Well, bollocks to your plan, Mycroft. This is beyond coaxing Sherlock into talking. This ends now. I won’t let it go on a moment longer.”
Things were far from perfect. Even so, he had John, now. Being with him, sleeping next to him and feeling his kisses on his nose and cheek, was better than he’d imagined. It was better than being in the back garden. He still went, now and again, mostly to add to his collection, which was growing more rapidly than ever. His garden filled with clouds of busy bees, and not one of them stung him.
John’s eyes widened, but he recovered quickly. “So, it was all a lie?”
Magnussen has a new test of the strength of Sherlock's devotion.
“Sherlock?”
Mycroft Holmes was worried. The delicate balance of power between himself and Charles Augustus Magnussen that held them in stalemate was a long standing one, but in recent months, Magnussen had gained enough power that he was threatening to tip that delicate balance. He had Lady Smallwood in his grasp, along with several other key players in the government. Now it seemed he’d managed to dig something up on Sherlock as well. This was worrying for a number of reasons. Firstly, Mycroft had no idea what Magnussen was holding over Sherlock’s head. For all his supposedly dark past, Sherlock was rather open about it. It could be hardly be drugs, then, or anything else that an ordinary person might be ashamed to share with the world. Mycroft’s next thought was John Watson, but John had a clean past, free from any particularly dark secrets. All in all, Mycroft was clueless, and he didn’t like not being in the know. The second worrying thing was that, clearly, Magnussen was making good use of Sherlock now that he had him. Mycroft had watch of the CCTV on Baker Street, and Magnussen had been seen going into 221B numerous times. In that same time period, Magnussen had managed to dig up dirt on several more of Mycroft’s allies. Mycroft wasn’t stupid enough to think this was a coincidence. With Sherlock now on Magnussen’s side, Mycroft knew he stood little chance against Magnussen. Still, he felt a reluctance to act in such a way that might risk exposing his little brother. After a moment of consideration, he made a decision. Getting out his phone, he dialed the number of the one man whom he hoped would be able to get through to Sherlock.
making a scene. I was getting us home, but
“I can’t wait until this is over and we’re back in London.” Sherlock said, then grimaced. “Except that there’s the press in London.”
Schmoop and nothing else. Was tempted to add angst but I couldn't bear it.
Magnussen noticed him staring, and chuckled softly. “You can have a closer look, if you like.” He cupped the back of Sherlock’s head, guiding him until the cock was inches from his face. “Go on, then. Say hello.”
Sherlock rolled away, pouting. “I was being romantic. See if I ever try that again.”
“No, never anyone else.” John was saying in a low voice. “Only you. Nobody else could ever compare.”
Mummy shook her head with a smile. “Oh, our brownie wouldn’t like that. It would be like paying them, you see, and you mustn't ever pay a brownie. They aren’t servants, and if you ever treat them like one, they’ll soon leave.”
“No. Yes. I don’t know. Just- distract me.”
Once he’d collected their drinks, John made his way back to the table, setting the mugs down hard on the table. He slid a possessive arm around Sherlock’s shoulders, directing a fierce glare at the man who, idiotically, still had his hands on Sherlock. Under John’s furious gaze, though, he jerked back as though he’d been stung.
Sherlock isn’t stupid enough to think that Magnussen has forgotten. He isn’t sure what Magnussen’s game is, whether it’s to let him stew in anxiety, or to lull him into a false sense of security, but he knows that, in time, he would be back to collect on his promise. All Sherlock had to do, all he could do, was wait. He’d tried to think of something else he could offer, something better that might save him from giving Magnussen what he wanted. The best he could think of was Mycroft’s laptop, with all the power and secrets that came with it. He was halfway through hatching a convoluted plan before he realised he actually had no intention of carrying it out. Maybe, a couple of years ago, he might have. In the intervening time, though, his relationship with Mycroft had changed in some subtle way. They fought and bickered as much as ever, but he wouldn’t ruin his brother’s career just to get himself out of an uncomfortable encounter- not even a potentially endless series of unpleasant encounters.
Sherlock gives John a handy, and that's all there is to it.
John nipped at Sherlock’s inner thigh, making him moan. “Do try to be quiet, my dear, someone might hear you.” He rebuked gently.
“Beat me.” Sherlock gasped. “Please.”
I don't know if I'd call this phone sex... this is so ridiculously mushy.
Sherlock slumped down in his seat. “I can’t. I don’t know how.”
Sherlock begins sleeping on the sofa. He can’t stand being in his bed, or even his bedroom, for an extended period of time. Every time, he’s there, he feels the phantom touch of Magnussen’s damp hands. He moves to the sofa, sets up a protective nest all the pillows and the blankets in the house. Perhaps it isn’t healthy, perhaps he should be actively confronting his feelings on the matter. Sherlock isn’t sure, he always skipped out on those therapy sessions Mycroft kept sending him to after he got out of rehab. At any rate, therapy is for past trauma. Sherlock’s situation is very much ongoing.
“And that’s the end of our last lecture. Go on, you lot. Get out. Good luck for your exams.”
Sherlock considered this. “The idea has merit.”
For John, Sherlock reminded himself. He was doing this for John. Lying there, in his bed that would be forever soiled by this memory, feeling Magnussen’s come leaking out out him, Sherlock felt like he almost hated John Watson, just a little.
Sherlock shot John a horrified look, though whether it was over Mrs Hudson colluding with his mother, or the thought of his room assaulted by Mrs Hudson’s kitschy aesthetic, John didn’t know. Most likely it was both. They headed down the hallway to Sherlock’s room to inspect the damage.
“John, wake up. Merry Christmas.”
“Never mind, that was months ago.” Sherlock snapped. “But we need to figure out a plan of action.”
It was later, now. John had gone home when visiting hours ended, hours ago now, and Sherlock was left alone with the silence, and his thoughts. He was tugged out of his reverie, though, when the door clicked open. He looked over, expecting to see the night nurse come to check on him.
The day Sherlock acquired the set of scars on his chest, he cried in John’s arms, and John held the pieces of him together, and cleaned him, and stitched him back together, and did everything in his power to make sure that something like that would never happen again. It didn’t stop there. Though Sherlock (drawing on his long experience with scars of various kinds) could care for the sutures perfectly well on his own, John would clean the site carefully twice a day, when Sherlock woke and before he went to bed. It became a ritual that soothed the both of them, the experience of caring and being cared for. Still, Sherlock was glad when, after a week and a half, the stitches dissolved, leaving slightly raised pink lines.
It wasn’t a verbal ‘hello’ that Magnussen wanted. Sherlock didn’t bother prevaricating. He leaned in, giving the head a tentative lick. It tasted- neutral, somewhat bitter, but ultimately the taste was easy to ignore. Sherlock hesitated, unsure what he was doing. He’d seen this act in pornography, of course, he knew how it went. He was less sure of what to do when he was with someone he wasn’t particularly interested in pleasuring. The hand on his head nudged him slightly when he paused for too long, and he continued, licking a few more times before putting his mouth around it. It filled his mouth uncomfortably, poking at the back of his throat, and making him gag.
“It isn’t important.” Sherlock said sharply.
Sorry, I know I'm supposed to be more regular with updates now that my holiday's started. But in by defense, a pasar malam (night market) sprang up at a train station near my house, so I've been going there in the evenings (my writing time) to wander around and eat street food.
“You’re eating too.” John said, as though he could hear Sherlock’s thoughts. Sherlock frowned at him. “Yes you are, no arguments. State you’re in right now, there’s no way I’m letting you drive us home.”
Sherlock didn’t even want to think about spending the whole night with this man. He hoped he didn’t plan on staying over. There would be no way he’d get any sleep with Magnussen in his bed. Possibly because he’d kill him in his sleep. Sherlock lost himself in the fantasy, allowing his body to continue on autopilot.
“Since we’ve both lived here together. It’s been what, four years?”
“Go sit on the sofa.” Sherlock instructed him. John went and sat, smiling at the sight of Sherlock happy and excited.
Sherlock’s eyes lit up with interest as he nodded. They’d gone to the British Museum to see the new exhibit from the otherwise highly restricted Criminology Museum. The twenty old cases showcased there had completely absorbed Sherlock for the entire day. While they had all been solved already, the novelty of a case so removed from his own time- crimes committed and solved by people who had lived so differently from the way he did, that mentally walking through how he might have solved such a crime held an added layer of delightful complexity.
“Want to get lunch before we head home?” John asked as they stepped out into the weak winter sunshine.
Sherlock didn’t leave the house for days. For the first time in years, he was terrified that he mightn’t pass, if someone saw him on the street. The rational part of him reminded him that hormones weren’t that fast acting, that a single dose of oestrogen couldn’t undo years of hormone therapy in less than a week, that in the end hormones weren’t even the most important part, compared to his mannerisms, the way he dressed and carried himself, things that oestrogen couldn’t take away from him. In fact, he’d been passing, for the most part, long before he even began hormone replacement therapy.
John reached down to play with Sherlock’s cock, fingertips rubbing against the heated flesh where it strained against unforgiving metal. “Do you want me to let you out, now?”
“Typical, John.” Sherlock hissed. “Always coming to the same conclusion, ‘Oh, it’s Sherlock being all aloof again, isn’t he funny, trying to pretend he doesn’t have feelings-’ I am
So there they were, on the thirty-first of December, ringing in the New Year from the balcony of a hotel room overlooking Times Square itself. How Sherlock had managed to wrangle that, John had no idea.
“And you,” John said flatly, “come with me.”
I don't know if the resolution felt insufficient? I feel that neither John nor Sherlock are the type to belabour the point, so that's why. But I hope it was satisfying enough.
Sherlock's present to John.
John turned to reply to him, but his breath was stolen away as Sherlock leaned down carefully, pressing a brief, chaste kiss against John’s lips.
Sherlock let out a slow breath and nodded. “Okay.”
“I want to be yours. Only yours, not anybody else’s.” Sherlock said quickly.
Mycroft nodded at the envelope. “You may look. These were sent to me by the man we were just discussing. Charles Augustus Magnussen.”
“But- you’re married. You love her.”
While he heals, Lestrade refuses to let him in on cases, appeasing him with cold case files. He even enlists Molly’s help to get him interesting things to study. He turns up a couple of times a week, bearing a cooler box of some body part or other, several cold case files, and takeaway for the both of them. It becomes a nice sort of routine, picking over the Met’s stupid mistakes and enumerating them to Lestrade in between bites of garlic fried rice.
“Mm, wonderful anniversary.” Sherlock hummed in agreement.
“Okay.” He agreed.
“Well, since you’re awake now…” Sherlock said leadingly, but John did not release his hand.
“Alright, alright.” He murmured, throwing one leg over Sherlock’s thighs. He lined up his cock, pressing into Sherlock with a groan. He began to work his hips, sliding in and out of Sherlock’s arse, kissing down his spine as pleasure coursed through him. It didn’t take long before he was rutting in earnest, doing his best at the same time to avoid overstimulating Sherlock’s prostate.
He fell on all fours on the bed, forehead pressed against the forearm that he braced against the bed as he reached down with his other hand, jerking his cock frantically, thinking about Doctor Watson hooking his hands around Sherlock’s thighs, spreading his legs open, parting his cheeks to look at his tight, pink hole.
Sherlock assuages John's fears.
Neither John nor Mycroft had any interest in making polite small talk. The second they can in the doors, they had their guns trained on Magnussen. Sherlock began to struggle, knowing he needed to get away from Magnussen so that one of them could finally shoot him. Magnussen held fast to him, his grip ironclad even as Sherlock flailed and twisted. Sherlock hadn’t eaten in four days, in fact he had barely eaten or slept in the last month. He tired quickly, reluctantly stilling in Magnussen’s hold, breath coming in ragged pants.
“I wasn’t a good brother. I can’t- It’s hypocritical to be upset now, when there’s nothing I can do about it.”
“I have to write a eulogy.” Sherlock muttered against John’s chest. “I’m not sure what to say. I’ve never had to do this before. Never paid attention at funerals.”
Sherlock whipped his head around to frown at him. “You can’t. Your wife-”
John frowned. “Sherlock, learning to do something like that takes training, not just anyone can do it. And it’s permanent, if I mess up, it’ll be there forever. Plus, we don’t have any equipment.”
There was no way to hide the truth from John, no way to lie convincingly. Sherlock felt like he was being torn apart. He’d spent months submitting to Magnussen’s every whim to keep this truth from John, had been prepared to send the rest of his life doing so. Now, it was all for naught.
She smiled, a bit tearfully. “That’s all I ask, John. He’s my baby boy, you know? Always has been, always will be. I’m sure you’ll understand when you and Sherlock have your own.”
Sherlock’s arousal reignited at the reminder of the night that John had planned for them. Suddenly the warmth of John’s body against his left side turned from comforting to teasing, the hand on his knee turned from a solid, grounding weight to a promise of things to come. Sherlock’s had swam with anticipation, and the knowing look John was giving him did nothing to help.
“Oh, you feel so good.” John moaned. “So wet and open for me. Feels amazing.”
“Good. Come on.” Sherlock turned sharply and continued walking.
“Good night, my love.” She kissed him on the forehead and turned out the light, softly closing the door behind her.
Sherlock heard John come back in, and he turned his head, trying to catch a glimpse of what John had in store for him. When he realised what it was, his mouth opened in a soft gasp, breath coming quicker in anticipation. John smiled at Sherlock, glad he’d already sterilised the items so they didn’t have to wait for that as well.
“Is this what you had in mind?” John murmured in a low voice. “Not quite, I’m guessing. I know what you want. You want me in you, want me to fuck you and fill you up, to push my cock so deep into you that you can’t even
Sherlock went back to London. John forgave him, eventually. His wounds healed, and along with them, the gash in the sky closed up until it was once again a pure, cloudless blue. Still, Sherlock’s back garden was not back to normal. Things were different now, with John. John didn’t live in Baker Street, for one. He had a fiancée, for another. John himself was different, too. There was a guarded look in his eyes when he looked at Sherlock, a lingering sadness that Sherlock could not erase. Now, when Sherlock went to the back garden, the bees stung him. They never had before. Sherlock went anyway. It was a small price to pay, one he deserved, even, and Sherlock refused to give up his memories of John.
John nodded, glancing around. Spotting a sign for the taxi stand, he headed off towards it. When they were finally settled in a hotel, Sherlock flopped on the bed, groaning with relief at finally being horizontal.
John turned around to face Sherlock, sighing fondly. “I could feel you glaring at that poor girl, silly man.”
“Floor’s not going to grow eyes and look back at you anytime soon, Sherlock. Come on, we need to go in.”
Sherlock laughed. “It’s Christmas Eve, John.”
Mycroft met John’s eyes, back straightening. “No.” He agreed, voice filled with a quiet, ice-cold fury. “We won’t. I have a plan.”
I wrote Mary as being more self-serving rather than actually having malicious intention. I think it makes her a more interesting character, even if it does mean that she ends up with a happier ending than she probably deserves.
Sherlock hummed nonchalantly. “Most major European languages- German, Italian, French, Greek, Spanish, Portugese, a bit of Swedish and Polish. Other than English, obviously, I’m most comfortable in French and Greek. I learned Russian, too, and Mandarin. And I picked up bits here and there while I was...away. Mostly Arabic, Japanese, Korean, and Hindi- and Nepali, but the two are similar enough that it’s probably unfair to count it as knowing two languages. And Serbian, though I’d really rather not go there.”
John and Sherlock finally have a chance to rest.
For a while, it seemed as though they might actually walk from Appledore to Wotton-Under-Edge in silence. Sherlock led the way, unerringly following the directions he’d memorised. A couple of kilometres passed before John spoke.
Mycroft makes a decision.
“Get it over with?” Magnussen questioned. “You speak as if this is some chore, Mr. Holmes.” He paused, and then chuckled. “Well, for you, perhaps it is. But as for me-” He leaned in to kiss Sherlock’s lips, slow and lingering. “I am having a lovely time, and I intend to savour you.”
