Sherlock continued to ask cryptic questions about John’s sister, obviously trying to figure her out and her relation to John.
He wondered if Sherlock simply hated him. Perhaps John was so irritating that the boy couldn't bear to be in the same room as him? As far as he knew, John had done nothing wrong, but judging by what Greg and Mike said, Sherlock was a person who was easily irritated. And, although he tried not to focus on it too much, he found his brain circling thoughts of losing the closest thing to a friend, as well as the face of his mother and whether she would be disappointed in him.
And somehow, somehow, they were friends despite their differences. John watched Sherlock walk up ahead, his shirt and trousers shifting as he took each step. How much would that be? The shirt looked expensive, sewn with some slightly silky material, and his trousers looked well pressed. The shirt alone was probably more than all of the jumpers John owned. Still, unlike the other boys, Sherlock didn’t seem to think any less of him because of his lack of money. Although they never said anything to his face, John knew that his shoes were too scuffed for a private school and his hair cut a little too short. Sherlock ignored that and, out of everyone, spoke to him. It made John glow a little, no amount of money could buy Sherlock Holmes’ attention and yet he had it.
The faster Sherlock paced, the more anxious he became. The music became erratic, his bow striking the air with agitation. John watched, hoping that Sherlock would run himself out, but the boy was seemingly stuck between 3 notes, each a semitone down from each other. The noise wasn’t awful, but the longer it went on the more it seemed to drill into John’s brain.
“As long as you’re okay.” Greg replied. “Anderson you fucking wipe, Mike didn’t mean water.” He shouted at the other Man as he fumbled past the chairs with a pint of water in his hand.
The walk across the grounds allowed John to clear his head, so when he entered the Sixth form house he was almost calm. It was a common room for all the students to share. And by that it meant it was the local student drinking place. Although none of the lower sixth students could legally drink, that didn’t stop them, and it seemed the school was getting paid too much money to care.
It wasn’t attraction. He was sure of this. His entire life, Sherlock had been taught that homosexuality, in any form, was wrong. In mass, at Sunday School, he was told by the Father that even thinking in a homosexual way was wrong because God could read his thoughts. Of course, Sherlock knew that there was no God, that the religion he was bought up under was more of a cult used to control people rather than a house of an omnipotent being. But even then, small increments of the preachers teachings would somehow infiltrate his brain, poisoning it black with teachers. Even so, it was attraction – John was simply interesting.
"Because without food you won’t have the energy to process properly." John replied automatically. Sherlock looked at him inquisitively. "Please don't read into that." Sherlock nodded, but John knew it was too late.
“And you are not opposed to it either?” That question almost made John openly laugh, but he swallowed it and shook his head. Why would he be? Had Sherlock forgot they had just kissed? “I see.” The boy continued as they walked.
"Be careful with Sherlock. You don't know him like I do. He's dangerous. Don't get too close." John paused before answering.
John felt sick, anxiety and alcohol churning in his empty stomach, so found himself in the kitchen grabbing a glass of water, his hand shaking as he held the cup under the tap.
“I don’t really understand what is going on, I won’t lie to you.” He heard Greg laugh. “But as long as John’s team wins.”
i aim to post TW at the beginning of all chapters that may have potentially triggering content. i will always specify whether it is
John got dressed quietly into a jumper and some trousers before prodding Sherlock. He'd get into his uniform after breakfast.
“Sir,” John said quietly as Mr McGowan walked past where he say. “I have a note from Mr Smitham.” His teacher looked down at John’s desk, softly taking the note out of his hands. He opened it immediately, and John tried to study his face to determine what was enclosed. Only moments after he had walked away, he saw Sherlock walk through the door through his periphery. He apologised to Mr McGowan, who looked up from the note in his hand.
"Well, you can copy my notes if you want." John lent forward, adjusting himself on his seat so he was sitting slightly away from Sherlock. He looked quickly at his page and nodded.
“Can we spread into our positions?” The teacher said suddenly, throwing the ball to one of the players. John kept his eyes trained on the ball, but even when it was moving closer and closer to John’s end of the pitch, he could not switch into action. In fact, when the the ball was passed to him, John fumbled with the ball, dropping it in the mud.
As they walked the hostel, the silence carried on. Sherlock seemed to be thinking, rearranging, data collecting something in his mind. John signed himself and Sherlock in at the sheet on the front desk before following Sherlock into a room with 4 different sets of bunk beds in them. John sat on the bottom of one bunk and Sherlock the bottom of the bunk opposite. He took up the position of his fingers steepled under his chin, processing deeply.
“Hello John.” He said. John sighed internally; he wasn’t in the mood to deal with the irritating shit.
"Hello, it's nice to meet you." John said, stepping through the door, stretching out his arm to shake her hand. She was a middle age woman, sat on one of the long sofa’s facing the window, with wrinkles where her smile creased. She shook it, and John had to resist pulling away from the pain.
Just as John was walking into the reception area from his science room, Mike caught sight of him. John pretended to not have seen him, walking quickly away from the thong of students and towards the large doors that opened out into the land. It was lunch and John knew that if Mike spoke with him, he’d have to eat in the main hall. Currently, John felt very close to tears, so a room full of people would not be a good idea at present.
“Get it to me this evening please. Do you know where Mr Holmes is?” John shook his head. “He’s missed quite a few lessons. If you see him, please ask him to come and see me so I can catch him up.” John nodded as the teacher moved passed to the next set of tables. It was a lucky escape – John was glad that Mr McGowan was so lenient. If he had been given a detention he would have started crying right then and there. To preoccupy himself, John played with the lining of his blazer, naming all the elements in the periodic table as he did so, his brain thick with honey.
"I'm just impressed with everything he's done. Not even a year out of university and he's already found himself success." Mrs Holmes lifted her glass of bucks fizz to her lips, smiling at John, who sheepishly smiled back. It seemed as though this was being said for John’s benefit. " I just hope you can do the same."
"I don't know, John." He found that he liked it when Sherlock said his name, it made his chest swell with warmth. John paused and sighed.
“I think I know what I’m dealing with, Mike.” He retorted. They stopped outside the dorm house door.
"Don't get him started, John. He uses his 'mind palace' which I think is pretentious talk for ‘I'm clever.’ He is simply showing off." She laughed. John smiled sheepishly, feeling bad that Sherlock's talents were being ignored. John laughed breathlessly.
“Yes John. I didn’t realise you could run so fast.” John had to suppress the smile he felt pull his lips
After English, John had a study period. Instead of going to the library, he decided to settle into the desk in his dorm room. He was too unsettled to actually do any work, and so spent the 2 hour period flicking between swinging on his chair and opening his text book to different pages. What made it worse was that he knew he had to study. He had to get this chapter of Chemistry done if he wanted to be anywhere near passing but he couldn’t do it. None of the words made sense, and it made him feel more knotted to try and force himself to work. John was unsure of why there was this sudden knot in his brain that refused to budge and, although he knew it was due to Sherlock, he consciously put it down to a lack of sleep (which was also being caused by Sherlock.) Both Mike and Greg were in lesson so there was no hope in trying to work with them, so John decided to take a break after writing the word ‘polarity’ at the top of his page and make himself some tea.
Mike had told him once that Sherlock often went days without talking, and that seemed true enough. Did he expect Sherlock to tell him if he were? Did he expect Sherlock to stride in through the door with a Freddie Mercury esc moustache and say
It had a stunning view, showing the fields stretching far away. John could just catch a glimpse of water, which must have been some sort of river. Surrounding the base of the hill that John had driven up only an hour before was a woodland, almost defending the school, with horses wandering back and forth across the pastures. He worried that his roommate would be an arsehole. He shared a room with Harry his entire life, so it wasn’t anything new. However, sharing with someone he didn’t know made his stomach twist.
"Do you think I have any other friends?" Sherlock replied. There was no bitterness in his tone. "I don't have friends. I have more enemies than friends."
"Well..." He paused, wanting to change the subject as quickly as possible. "Are you on a scholarship?" Mike laughed.
“The offer still stands. I’m going to call your parents to try and arrange your classes so you have more time between lessons. Mr Smitham agrees.”
“Do you know how worried I was. I care, Sherlock.” There was a brief pause as exam papers were passed back to the students. Sherlock turned to face John.
The interior was as impressive as the garden, dark polished wooden floors with a long white clothed table running through the centre of the room. There were about 5 high back chairs either side, facing towards oil paintings hung on pastel blue walls. John’s eyes lingered on a portrait of Sherlock (they had caught his eyes perfectly) and a larger, brown haired boy.
“He’s not like you.” He replied and Sherlock nodded in a way that made John feel as though he may have hurt his feelings. “You’re more interesting.” And Sherlock let out a single laugh.
After John had paid, he brought the yellow polystyrene cartons back to the table, the scent of hot grease and vinegar soaking through the paper wrap. Silently, John slid Sherlock his portion of chips. He sighed dramatically in response, before slowly unpeeling the edge of the paper layer by layer, his long fingers hesitating at every layer. John watched him open it as he busied himself with his own box. There seemed to be pure force that Sherlock was using to be using to even imagine opening the box itself. To ease the mood, John began to hum, folding the greasy paper over in his hands. Sherlock looked up suddenly.
The room he was now sat in was white, with a large desk which was empty and a few paintings on the walls. He guessed it was some form of office, the tall cabinet in the corner marked with some labelling system, although John was too far away to see the inscription. He was slightly on edge, his fingers running the rough polyester of his blazer between his fingers. John could not begin to imagine why he was here, and the office gave little to no information about it’s owner.
After the game, John came out of the sports house, hair wet and arms red from cold and injury. Despite that, he had a large smile on his face, white jumper in hand. His kit had been left with the coach, who was ‘very impressed’ with his performance, and so he wore his day clothes, his jeans rolled and cuffed at his ankles.
So, John left for his English lesson, his bag on his back, alone. He was naturally good at English, it came from being able to write essays very quickly without having to think much about them. He kept it to himself, but secretly John boasted the ability to write pages and pages on one line of text, analyse it until the very last full stop. It meant that most lessons John didn’t need to focus particularly hard, instead he wrote things in the back of his notebook, from things that were worrying him to shitty poems or sketches of flowers and bad horses.
“It doesn’t matter, I’m here now.” John almost screamed, a weeks worth of anxiety rising in his throat.
“Are you stupid?” Sherlock did not look up, opening his bag and dropping the blade inside, along with the remaining rags. “Sherlock!” John repeated and the boy opposite him looked up. He seemed more terrified that he got caught then at the act he was doing in the first place.
“My notes on Elizabeth of York are here.” Sherlock leant back also, their heads colliding. Immediately, they both began to laugh in a mixture of pain and humour. “Oh Goodness, John are you okay?” Sherlock said after he got his breath back. He was standing by John’s chair, his hand resting on the back and the other massaging his temple.
“It’s not problem, John.” Greg replied, shifting his seat for Mike. John sipped his drink and smiled.
Hello! I wrote this a while ago but edited it today. I haven't slept, what a cool kid, so if you see any spelling/grammar problems please ignore them. Next chapter we FINALLY meet someone. How mysterious. I guess I'll update twice a week? okay bye
"Thank you so much darling. Bu-bye." Sherlock picked up the white and blue striped plastic bag and smiled falsely behind him as he pushed the door open to leave. There was a melodic bing bong from inside the shop. John watched the woman behind the counter sigh and smile wistfully in Sherlock's direction.
The rest of the class, they spent discussing the work, occasionally laughing at the God awful oil paintings that were in the text books. It filled John with a little confidence to know that Sherlock was at least going to try. He was reminded of when Harry used to self-harm, something that was caused by his parents divorce and looking after John. She stopped eventually, John never found out why. He pretended to never know in the first place. Sherlock seemed more complicated. John remembered the D on his test paper and argument they had before. Was that a contributing factor? He tried not to dwell on it out of fear of feeling that he was somehow responsible.
He flicked his shoes off, got changed and stared bleary eyed into the darkness. From the comfort of his bed, everything seemed distanced from him, as if it were someone else. Because in reality, what was happening with Sherlock was nothing more than teenage girl drama. But for some reason, it put John on edge. He recognised it somehow. Like a dream he was trying to remember. For some reason, he needed to protect Sherlock. Make sure he was safe.
“Today was fun” John said to Sherlock after a while. There was some student chatter, but it was otherwise quiet. After a moment, John heard Sherlock breathe in deeply.
“John.” Sherlock said suddenly. John looked up from his lap. It was the first time Sherlock had spoken to him since the night before.
“Her relationships. Does she engage in romance?” John almost laughed at the robotic language Sherlock chose.
In the morning, John did not to hear the low whispers of Greg and Mike going passed his room as they often did in the morning as they went down to breakfast together . Instead, just as the sky was warming with a soft pink hue, John shuffled as silently as possible to the pairs shared dorm room and quietly knocked on the door. It took 3 attempts, but after a few minuets, Greg opened the door, looking dishevelled and sleepy.
“Yes.” Greg responded, passing John a bottle of amber coloured liquid. He didn’t check its contents, but he was sure it was some form of whisky.
“How come we’re not driving down to Brighton?” John asked as the ignition rumbled the body of the bus.
John opened his eyes to look at Sherlock, who was now standing at his full height. He seemed to be smiling, large and sincere, and John felt his heartbeat in his ears. This time, John met his lips halfway, standing on his tip toes, and laced his arm around Sherlock’s back. He felt him relax into John’s arms as they began to kiss again. It was perhaps one of the most natural feelings in the world, kissing, and kissing Sherlock seemed to be the best of it.
The walk back to school was mostly silent. Sherlock stared into the distance as they walked, his face showing little emotion. If John were to guess, he would say that Sherlock was upset. John wondered if it was because of Sherlock’s mother, the pill box or the collapse of one of his shelves that had put him in such a sour mood but either way, Sherlock was not happy.
“Thanks.” John walked through the door to his door when his head suddenly lurched, forcing John to grasp the door frame with his available hand. He heard James walk towards him before there were hands on his shoulders. John jolted, sloshing water onto the floor and onto his arm. James moved quickly back.
Harry was 6 years older than John, 23 this year, and was tougher than him. She always had been. Perhaps it was that she remembered mum more, could remember all the things their father had done. Either way, Harry gave no shits about what her father thought and would live her life as she wished. She had a girlfriend, and told their dad to suck it up or fuck off. He didn't seem to care, not in an accepting way but more that he got some sick pleasure from the fact that his daughter was a lesbian. That thought disturbed John quite a bit.
“You don’t need to have them all, Sherlock. Just some.” Which made Sherlock groan. “I need you to soak up some that alcohol.” John continued, pretending to ignore the very clear resistance Sherlock was showing and the growing anxiety in the back of his head. He wondered what Sherlock would have done had he been sober. He pauses, waiting for Sherlock to say something else. He did not, so John walked over to the counter, his chest heavy with guilt.
"Are you alright?" He asked. John ran his fingers through his hair, pulling at the roots. He closed his eyes before turning round.
“Alright lad, what can I get you?” The guy at the counter asked. It was a truck like building, the inside just big enough for one employee, two at a push.
"John." John turned to Sherlock, his heartbeat in his mouth. "I am finished now, thank you for letting me use your pen."
No, he’d reassure himself each time, listening to the voices of his peers muffled through the walls. He liked girls. Sherlock was just quite feminine, that's all, and eccentric. And complicated. And John wanted to work him out. Besides, Sherlock never said he was gay, but then Sherlock said hardly anything at all concerning himself. All John knew about Sherlock’s personal life was that he was rich (obvious) and took pills. That was all.
"Yes, thank you John." John got up and took the bottle and pills off Sherlock, replacing them both at his nightstand. Before he left, Sherlock called John's name.
After John was sure Sherlock was gone, he went to the toilet and flushed the blade away, the toilet water turning a slight red tone from the unclean blade. He washed Sherlock’s blood off his hands (something he tried not to think about) and then wandered back to the dorm room, opening the window wide. It was a cold night, John was sober now, and the air that circulated the room bit his skin. John stared wide eyed at the ceiling, eyes watering in frustration, anger and something else. Betrayal? Sadness? He couldn’t think, his brain nullified. Instead, he stared and stared and stared, the night sky lightening quickly, it seemed. There was nothing to be done, John decided. He had taken the blade so had done as much damage control as possible, he couldn’t stop Sherlock. It’s okay, he told himself, running his hand through his hair. It’s okay it’s okay it’s okay.
"I am not." Sherlock smiled and John glanced towards the taller boys face. Sherlock caught his eyes but John quickly dropped them.
John hesitated, before walking towards the desk at the front. He could see a woman behind the desk, arched over her paperwork. He assumed it was the person he spoke to outside. She looked up when she heard John approach, her face first confused before flattening to a smile.
“Yeah. Anderson’s a strange man. He’s never explicitly said anything about it, but either he likes Sherlock romantically or he wants to kill him.”
Sometimes, in idle moments, Sherlock found himself wondering what got John into rugby in the first place. He wondered if it was a primary school teacher, a drive to be fit and untouchable or, as Sherlock suspected, a more sinister reason. John was complex, there were so many question marks that hung in Sherlock’s vision whenever he thought of John, trying to make sense of his life story. He knew that there was a reason why his behaviour affected John so, there was a reason why he seemed to hold onto Sherlock’s coat tails with desperation despite the burning pile of waste that he was. There was more to John than there seemed to be with others. More angles and additions and colours.
“As I said. Nothing is going on. Nothing.” His voice was tight in his throat and he could hear how desperate it sounded. He was sure Anderson could too. There was a moments pause, before Anderson flicked one of his eyebrows.
"It upsets me that you don't think we're friends." Sherlock threw John a confused looked before laughing mockingly.
“Greg” Sherlock repeated in a mocking tone. “I’m just having fun.” And he took a sip from his bottle again, his eyes not leaving John. John cleared his throat awkwardly and glanced down.
"Alright boys. We'll play 4 matches. As there are 20 of you here and we need 15, I'll pull out one or two each match. If you get pulled, tough tits. Better of next year." John cringed at the abrasive tone of the teacher. 4 matches. That's it.
The building was incredible, its walls high and brown bricked, crumbing and chiselled with age. Purple and white flowers climbed around the walls, stretching around the white framed windows and towards the roof. As the car pulled around the corner, John saw the front of the school, the way it curved. Below its doors were two sets of sweeping stairs, polished and white. It seemed inhumanly big and he couldn’t help but wonder how many rooms there were inside.
“Feel a bit sick.” He responded. John sighed at his friend as he surveyed the shops around them.  They were all independent, classic beach side buildings with thick word art like font written on the fronts. A chip shop caught his eye named ‘For Cod’s Sake’, the white banner grey with lack of upkeep.
The entire journey had been in silent and John watched the tree-line of the countryside change shape and width. He loved car journey’s but, of course, liked them less when he was essentially being kidnapped. After what may have been 5 minutes, or 45, the car slowed, its wheels grinding on the loose stones below. The door was opened and John was invited out and, for a moment, he was blinded by the sunlight.
“May I talk to you for a moment?” John nodded. He didn’t dislike Smitham, he was a mostly polite man, other than when he would randomly have spurts of anger which would end up with at least half the class doing a detention. John stood to the right of his desk. “Have you seen Sherlock?” John cleared his throat.
The front was glossy and dark blue, with a picture of the school on the front, along with the words 'strength through education. Bullimore Sixth' This phrase made John laugh. What did that mean? The first page had a Welcome From The Head Teacher, along with their photo. John didn't care to read the page, but noticed the phrase "excellence can only be achieved by one’s own determination to succeed." John snorted, it sounded as if the teacher had never seen anywhere else except for the inside of a private school.
"No problem." John smiled, pressing the mug into his hands. He turned away from Philip to go and sit down.
“I’ve got the match tomorrow. I was gonna ask if you wanted to come.” Sherlock stopped pacing, running his hand through his curls.
"John? What’s wrong?" Sherlock responded, moving round to watch John pull down his jumper sleeves and slam the door.
“What’s your relationship to Sherlock Holmes?” He asked and, although it was a simple question it set John’s mind into a flurry. Still, he distrusted this mysterious character so licked his lips in thought before replying in a steady voice.
John had said very little, watching with fascination as his friend spoke rapidly about anything and everything.
After the final bell, they passed their papers to the front. Before John could even turn to Sherlock to say something, he was gone, his chair still poking out the end of his desk. John moves slowly, almost in angry tears. He had to study but, as he entered the empty dorm room that seemed to be echoing its great emptiness, John decided that study wasn’t a good idea currently and thus made his was towards the bus station to get to the pub.
“Where were you guys anyway? I didn’t see you until the train home.” Greg asked and John looked across the circle to Sherlock, who had seemingly decided that he was going to answer this question.
"Ah, no. Everywhere else was too loud. Do you have any paper?" John nodded, ripping out a page of his notebook and passing it to Sherlock. "A pen?" John paused and searched his pencil case.
"Would you like some tea, Sherlock?" John asked, his voice wavering. It took a moment for Sherlock to snap back to reality.
Currently, they seemed to be discussing something to do with football as they walked across the grounds to the sports house by the river. Sherlock cared little for sports; they took up unnecessary space in his brain. But John cared about rugby, so Sherlock had to at least pretend to be interested, that what good friends do, he had been told.
thank you so much for the lovely comments of support on the last chapter. i’m still not back properly, but will update intermittently.
"That she is prepared?" Sherlock took out a cigarette out from his trouser pocket and lit it, before taking a drag.
“What do you want me to say.” Sherlock’s voice was thick. It sounded as though he were going to cry.
“Well, don’t get in unmarked cars.” Sherlock remarked, tapping ash into a nearby glass. John sighed. “What did you expect?” Before John could argue, Sherlock cut him off again. “John I’m joking. I’ll speak to Mycroft next time I see him.” John flashed him a disgruntled look. “I’m being serious, I will. What did he say to you?” John lay back on his pillow, shaking his head, watching Sherlock breathe in the cigarette.
John swallowed. His roommate was a nut case who went off without telling anyone and his education was screwed unless he maintained his ridiculous grades. Now he almost missed Raglesfield.
Now John was watching Sherlock stare into the distance, his hands still holding the bottle of water.
TW: ALLUDING TO EATING DISORDER BEHAVIOUR (sherlock is funny about eating but does not explicitly refuse)
“John.” Sherlock said quietly, placing the book down. “Are you okay?” There was a pause and a long inhale from John. “John?”
At 7 am the next morning, a church bell sounded for the borders to wake. John sat up and rubbed his eyes. He hadn't slept too well, he'd been worrying about being dropped by the school. The morning was light, the sun poking through the holes under the curtain. There was a ball of anxiety in John’s stomach, today lessons began.
With the blow of a whistle, the game begun, and Sherlock found himself drifting his gaze to John, who was currently standing still, rather than on the ball. It frustrated him, being unable to unlock John. It was easy to do with others – they opened up so easily. Take Mike, for example, his family had a large amount of money, his grandmother acting as the head of family with all the wealth. He flaunted it, not purposefully, but obviously enough. He always wore a heavy strapped Rolex on his wrist, his glasses from some brand like Gucci or Prada. His shoes always perfectly souled, the leather well kept. They were small things, but they made Mike appear more like a person, he was sure he could ask Mike what car he drove, what clothes brand he wore and Mike would tell him. John, however, falsely opened up. He said enough that made him appear approachable and interesting (which he was) but it was a façade. He had a sister, some form of parental figure, but after that it was lost. It was purposeful, all of it, from the jumpers he wore to the work he did. It all acted as a wall against the outside world. Sherlock scuffed his foot against the soft ground in frustration. He wished John would trust him more outwardly, but somehow knew that would never happen. He was a puzzle, not one that necessarily needed to be solved, but one that he wanted to see the picture of. One that he wanted to understand yet Sherlock knew John would never allow that. At least not for a while.
“She.” John repeated and Sherlock nodded, his eyes scanning the horizon. John wanted to ask Sherlock what he was thinking but he was sure that the boy was categorising something. Trying to work something out. If Sherlock asked, John would tell him. Then again, what would be the fun in that?
At 7 o’clock, Mike knocked for John and they walked across the grounds. Another boy, named Greg, joined them halfway there. He had jet black hair and soft brown eyes. John liked the look of him and, when he spoke, he had a rough tone.
He was glad to have met Mike. Although he could remember much of him, it meant that it he now had a guaranteed friend group. He hoped that they weren’t all posh twats. At least Mike seemed nice enough and, if his friends were similar, John felt as though this year wouldn’t be that bad after all. As he unpacked, the hubbub from downstairs grew as more students were arriving. They sounded excited, greeting each other eagerly after the summer break. John remained upstairs, however, not wanting to introduce himself to a large group of people.
“It doesn’t make it okay, though. If-if-if he goes off and doesn’t come back? Then what. Who’s to blame?” John gestured to himself and Greg battered his hand away.
“Thank you for inviting me to come.” He said timidly. It was odd to hear Sherlock speak so softly. In Brighton, Sherlock had crashed swiftly after his camp mannerisms begun. However, it seemed that he had progressed to an almost endearing stage of Sherlock-ism.
“And you did that all night?” Greg was drunk too, but he was more pressing and inquisitive than Mike, who seemed not to care. Greg made John more alert, he too was nice, but there was an edge to him that Mike did not have.
John hurried across the grounds, the sun cooking him in his sweater. He wondered if he came across as rude? He didn’t smile enough or hold her eye contact and failing at social interaction with the first teacher on the first day really made him uncomfortable. If he couldn’t navigate one person, how would he navigate 100?
im going to try and update as much as i can but im back at work for the first time in months (AHHH) so updates might be a bit slow again!! sorry :( im currently about 5 chapters ahead in writing, so i need to get back on the grind. love to you all <3
He had brown wavy hair with blue eyes and a wide frame. He somehow looked familiar. John was tired though, so he couldn't remember why.
John hadn't mentioned the kiss, nor knew what it meant. Sherlock had been very drunk, as had he, and although Sherlock had seemed to want to kiss him the alcohol probably skewed his judgment. It felt like some hazy dream. He remembered when Harry got a large tattoo on her hip bone of female genitalia in line art after going to Wetherspoons.
Wednesday morning was history, which was another subject John shared with Sherlock. He'd got used to the routine by now. Wake up silently and get changed for food in silence. John would go down to breakfast and, when he returned, Sherlock would be reading, already dressed in his uniform. Sherlock would never eat with him, arguing that it was too much effort in the early in the morning to make himself toast. To John, it was an excuse, but he never argued with him. Sherlock would then leave to go and smoke and, whilst he was gone, John would get into his uniform. Then, when Sherlock returned, John would wait for Sherlock to pick up his bag before they'd walk to their lesson. If they had separate classes, then Sherlock would go to where ever he needed to be and wouldn’t be seen until late evening most days. This routine was done in relative silence, the only speech would be if Sherlock wanted a pen, or if John was asking for a cup of tea.
There was a knock on the door. Both the men looked to it, before Sherlock turned back to John and raised his right eyebrow. John cleared his throat and picked up his tea, pretending to be fixated on the inside of the cup whilst Sherlock lay back on his pillow and crossed his hands behind his head.
i will update with what i have, up to the chapters ive got. these will be staggered. but after the last chapter i will remind yall that this is paused.
“Don’t you love it.” Sherlock asked suddenly as they were reaching the brow of the hill that turned into the school drive. He still was smoking his cig, but it was almost all filter. John watched the remaining stick glow in the darkness.
The entrance hall was large, with a desk placed in front of the stairs, mirroring the ones that John had walked up outside. There was a globe light on the desk, and a wide screen behind the desk, positioned just under the bannister, the entire room illuminated by the glass roof above.. To his left and right were corridors, with a sign with room numbers on them, as well as the words East and West.
“These people have no concept of money, John. Anyone lower are hooligans and they see themselves as the ruling class.” John noticed Sherlock used ‘these people’ as if he didn’t live in a literal mansion. It made John want to laugh, Sherlock didn’t have any proper concept of money either, but at least he was almost aware of the strain that a lack of assets caused John.
This somehow made John feel worse. He was a scholar in all 4 of his subjects, so fees were completely paid, but if he dropped just one of the grades in his subjects, he would have to leave. The thought made him sic. He came to Bullimore because of the opportunities he would be able to gain from it, the networking, as well as the quality of education. Raglesfield, in contrast, had been one of the worst schools in London. It was known for its notoriously bad behaviour, low grades and poor facilities. John still couldn’t believe that he had managed to obtain a scholarship.
“Do you have any siblings, John?” Sherlock asked as they turned the corner onto the road of the hostel. John nodded.
“I’ll give you something to laugh about in a moment.” Sherlock responded, his voice a sudden, very different, growl and John knew he ought to leave it, but the giddiness from the alcohol pushed him further and he wanted to hear Sherlock’s voice again.
"Why won't you tell me?" John shrugged and Sherlock narrowed his eyes. "You tell me things about you. Emotions. What has upset you so deeply that you can't even talk to me, the only one you ever speak to." John tried to protest that he did in fact speak to other people but Sherlock began speaking again. "Unless it's about me." John spluttered.
John’s rugby game was the next day. It was cold and damp, the proper start of winter. Sherlock stood next to Mike and Greg, who were talking amongst themselves, wrapped in his favourite black coat. The Boys, as they called themselves now, had joked that Sherlock over dressed for every occasion, for a rugby match he donned a white shirt and trousers, but Sherlock had smiled and told them that it was the first match of the season, so of course he’d make an effort. In reality, he liked the routine of the outfits. He knew he was attractive, and he looked most attractive in suits. Anything else felt dirty, or wrong, as if he were a rat wearing human clothes. Moreover, the texture of the shirt against his skin was the only one that didn’t make him feel as though he were about to scream, so it was a win-win situation.
Sherlock hadn't mentioned it, but John knew Sherlock wanted him to sit with him on the train there. There was no one else in the class that John knew, so it would have been a yes, but he would have liked the freedom to sit with who he wanted. To not feel obligated to protect Sherlock. Protect. Why did he care? They weren't friends after all.
"Stay here." Sherlock told John before going in. He was obviously very secretive. John nodded and paced the corridor, feeling for the rug under his feet. After a while John settled on leaning on the table under the window. Sherlock had only been in the room for a few moments when there was a loud crash from inside.
Straight ahead of him was a low doorway, which John walked through. It lead to a blue tiled room which had a number of washing machines in, as well as a washing line that ran parallel to the ceiling. It seemed as though they were expected to do their own laundry. To his left was a door which had the number 21 carved into the wood. Behind that door, John assumed, was a corridor of rooms that held dorms. Instead, John followed the room along to another doorway, which was signed ‘upstairs’. This was where John assumed dorm would be, so he walked through the door and up the curving stairs.  He could feel the cold against the holes in his socks, the slats of the wooden planks scruffy and stained, as if unkept. At the top of the stairs was another corridor. There were two doors at opposite ends of the corridor. One read 22 and the other 23. John tried his key for 22, and it came open.
Sherlock wished he could have the variety that John modelled. He was almost envious of his jumpers and polos and t-shirts. The colours, the textures, he seemed to look nice in everything. Sherlock fancied a jumper of his own, but they didn’t flatter him he way that the shirts did. He watched John stretch on the field and could tell he was nervous. It was his first match day after all. Sherlock didn’t understand why John was involved in such a ridiculous game, but it seemed to bring him some joy, so Sherlock humoured him. It was so un-john like. The small, studious, quiet boy playing rough and tumble, it was almost laughable. Sherlock invested his interest in him for the simple reason that it added dimension to John.
"Have you been taking your tablets?" John asked simply. The apology could wait, this seemed more important. Sherlock didn’t flinch, he knew exactly what he was talking about.
“Makes sense.” Gregg added with a laugh, rolling his eyes in a friendly and downing the dregs of his drink.  The plates were collected by one of the bartenders, and they sat together in silence for a moment briefly after.
His dorm was halfway across the grounds, by a cluster of trees. Surrounded by a picket fence, the house reminded him of a classic English cottage. Made of grey brick, with roses climbing up the windows, it truly felt like a house he always wanted. The terracotta roof reflected the sun and John had to shield his eyes as he searched in the pack for his house key. It was heavy and slotted neatly into the wooden door, and turned easily in the lock. After taking a deep breath, John pushed it open.
“See me after the lesson, please Sherlock.” He said, shaking the note in his hand. John saw Sherlock scan his hand and shake his head, knowing its contents. They met eyes as Sherlock moved to sit down, John clearing his throat to break the tension.
“You know what I’m doing, John.” He spat. “Stop asking.” Sherlock opened his chest of draws and bundled some clothes in the same bag with the blade in it.
“I was just wondering if you’d seen Sherlock?” Despite the innocent tone, John knew Anderson’s intent was to unnerve him. He wondered whether it was out of boredom or an attempt to assert himself as a dominating figure. Most likely, the second.
“How does a mind palace work?” This made Sherlock smile and caused John’s heart to beat a little faster.
“Anderson, go and get John a drink” Mike said suddenly not look to the other man. The way Mike was looking at him put a heavy weight in his stomach.
John and Sherlock stumbled into the dorm. They had managed to tap into the gates with no problem, encountering no teachers. John was tired, his body aching from the rugby match earlier in the day and the drowsy effect of the alcohol had set in. He just wanted to go to bed as quickly as possible and rest his heavy bones. Sherlock seemed to be in a similar position, his feet stumbling up the curling stairs. Several times he stopped to steady himself, and several times John had prepared to brace for impact of the falling boy. They made it to their room, however, with no additional bruises.
“John and I are just friends, Gavin, as I’m sure John himself has told you before. It’s almost perverted that you’ve created this fantasy in your head that John and I are secretly together. I suppose you imagine that we disappear to our dorms at allocated times to have sexual intercourse and then deny everything. This isn’t gossip, Gavin, it is real life, and your hyper fixation on John and I’s relationship is odd at least and truly disturbing when I really think about it. So, try and think about your own lack of sex life, because no one believes you went and fucked a girl at the other school, instead of instilling your sexual insecurities onto others.” There was silence and Sherlock sighed. Greg muttered something incoherent to Sherlock, but his eyes were burning so badly that he could not listen, his head filled with anger and frustration. He felt his vision grow cloudy just as John walked onto the pitch, who waved to him from a distance, before fluffing his curly and staring off into the distance.
"It's fine, don't worry."  John walked over to the fridge and pulled out a green carton of milk, before pouring milk into his mug. He gestured to Philip, who nodded, before sloshing milk into his mug too.
Sherlock smiled a somewhat genuine smile before lying to face the wall. Was John finally getting through to him? Sherlock seemed like a complicated person, so it was hard to know, but every time John doubted himself he seemed to remember the flick of Sherlock’s right eyebrow. A shared inside joke between them.
It seemed as though the alcohol had hit Sherlock a lot harder than it had John. After he started on the glass bottle of gin, he was giggling and now, echo falls bottle in hand, Sherlock was stumbling as he went. Still, John supported the idea of watching the sunset on the pier. Drinking booze and watching the sunset seemed to be the most attainable thing on his bucket list, so John was going to take the opportunity when he saw it.
to me is a compliment." Sherlock moved closer to John, placing his hand on John's thigh for balance. "Sorry."
“Sherlock.” Said a voice from the doorway behind him. Sherlock turned around, putting his hands behind his back.
“Give it to me or I’ll start shouting.” Sherlock narrowed his eyes, almost daring him to. “Fine! Sherlock what’s going on!” John raised his voice louder and louder with each word. He saw Sherlock swallow, his eyes scan as he was deciding what to do. He then took the bag off his back, removing the blade and zipping it back up. He handed it to John, who took it quickly.
“Yes.” Sherlock pressed out the tea from the bag before putting it in the bin. He didn’t have time for this chit chat with Anderson. John was upstairs crying and Anderson was the last person Sherlock wanted to speak to. He frustrated Sherlock in a way that made Sherlock want to punch him.
“What the fuck are you doing!” He watched as Sherlock bound his arm with one of the rags and rolled down his sleeve, successfully this time.
"It's fine." John answered, slightly bewildered by the incredible inferior. Sherlock walked through the door to the left of the end of the room. There was a feminine gasp.
At the end of the assessment, John gave his paper quickly to Mr Smitham, not looking him in the eyes.
John knew exactly what he was doing, and he wasn’t against it. He felt more sober than he did before, and he certainly was willing to go further, if Sherlock wanted to. The boy under him was shifting under John’s weight, his hips grinding against John in an almost laughably enthusiastic way. It seemed Sherlock felt the same, his finders slipper under Johns waistband. John could feel Sherlock’s fingertips against his hip skin and sighed in response.  He quickly broke away from Sherlock’s lips, resting his hands on his shoulders to keep himself up.
It was his mother, of course, so there was little surprise waiting for John in that respect. He wasn’t sure why and, before they entered her wing of the hospital, Harry briefed him on what to expect in a tight voice.
“Is that all you’re gonna have, Sherlock?” Mike asked when he saw the cut-up food on Sherlock’s plate. John saw Sherlock lick his lips anxiously before replying.
This, of course, was for Sherlock. John wasn't sure whether it was the way she said it, or if Mrs Holmes really was being rude, but Sherlock closed his eyes and took a deep breath. When he opened them, there was a slightly colder version of the same mask on his face.
“Are you alright, John.” He said John’s name softly and it took every atom in his body not to cry. John nodded.
It made him frustrated. John couldn’t help but think too the look of his back earlier in the day. John could have counted the knobbles on it if he wanted to. But perhaps he was being over dramatic, over sensitive. John had a habit of doing that, Harry had said. He needed to let go of the past, move on with what happened. John struggled with it where Harry did not, and he didn’t understand why. He had been no more than 10 years old when his parents got divorced and everything unravelled, and yet over 5 years later, he couldn’t forget about it. He kneaded his fists into his eyes. And now he was worrying about Sherlock Holmes, who didn’t care much for him. It was a stupid habit he had fallen into. ‘You can’t be friends with everyone, John.’ His mother had said. And yet here he was, determined to befriend Sherlock Holmes.
John made Sherlock happier somehow. It was nice to know someone cared about him. Cared enough to ensure he looked after himself. Or is that normal behaviour? Sherlock shook his head, he wouldn't know, he didn't have friends. There was tinge of guilt in his stomach. He wished he told John when he was leaving, the outburst from earlier in the week showed it made him anxious, but Sherlock worked off his own thought track. Talking to John would slow him down to much, he was sure John would understand that.
He had scuffed the palms of his hands on the hard pack earth and found himself picking at the skin that was burned off. It stung slightly, but the rolls of white skin annoyed him and John couldn’t help pulling off the soft skin. After his shower, he hunted through his cupboard for plasters or something to cover the burns. He only had a few plasters that were made for grazed knees so just as he managed to get the plaster to stick, it would come undone and he would have to try again. It was an irritating process of using a combination of his chin and the fingers on the plastered hand to try and sort it out.  Just as the plaster had stuck down, his hand had started to bleed and it had become unstuck again.
At break John took the time to make himself some tea in the dorm kitchen. He could have gone to the main hall to make it, but lots of people didn't seem like the best idea. He'd almost had a panic attack, something that hadn't happened in a while.
“I need to sit down.” Sherlock mumbled as they came to a small circle of shops. They had been walking for about 10 minutes, although by the tone of Sherlock’s voice, it could have been hours. John nodded, aiding Sherlock to one of the soft wooded picnic benches. The taller boy proceeded to place his head on the bench. John found it almost laughable that Sherlock was so easily influenced by alcohol.
They walked deeper into the field, the 4 of them walking shoulder to shoulder in silence. John listened to the birds in the trees and hedges call to each other, a gentle melody for the sunset. It was a seemingly empty field of nothing more than grass and trees. The October air had become increasingly chilly and John as glad to be wearing a jumper. Sherlock, on the other hand, only donned his shirt and shifted uncomfortably when there was a sudden gust of wind. He could feel the familiar worry edge into his brain as they walked, but he tried to push it down with a hefty swing from his bottle.
Sherlock had never watched a game of rugby before, so he wasn’t quite sure whether John’s team was winning or not. It was mostly silent, other than the occasional shout from one of the boys and the scrape of their boots against the mud. John did not seem to be doing much at the moment other than shout some form of criticism, however, he seemed completely focused on the game. Sherlock couldn’t help but fixate on John. He had his legs bent, arms ready at his side, shuffing from foot to foot, ready to receive the ball. Sherlock thought that this was the most interesting John had ever been. John knew exacly what he was doing, and the way his eyes scanned the pitch made Sherlockwonder what he was thinking. He would never be able to guess, and there was very little that Sherlock did not know, which gave him all the more insentive to watch John, to find out what was happening. He himself only dabbled in tennis once or twice, but he couldn’t see what was so interesting in a ball being hit or, in this case, passed around. Still, John seemed engaged so Sherlock thought he’d give it a go.
Sherlock wished he could have the variety that John modelled. He was almost envious of his jumpers and polos and t-shirts. The colours, the textures -he seemed to look nice in everything. Sherlock fancied a jumper of his own, but they didn’t flatter him he way that the shirts did. He watched John stretch on the field and could tell he was nervous. It was his first match day after all. Sherlock didn’t understand why John was involved in such a ridiculous game, but it seemed to bring him some joy, so Sherlock humoured him. It was so un-john like. The small, studious, quiet boy playing rough and tumble, it was almost laughable. Sherlock invested his interest in him for the simple reason that it added dimension to John.
By about 6 o clock, the sun was steadily setting. Any thought of schoolwork was forgotten a long time ago and, even if he had wanted to do it, Sherlock was in no position to even form coherent sentences, let alone write paragraphs of work. For once, John tried to ignore the insect like anxiety in the back of head that told him he was going to fail his class and walked with Sherlock down the beach.
“Sherlock.” And the boy turned around, his face half illuminated by the twilight. “I’m sorry about Mycroft. I promise you he didn’t tell me anything I didn’t know before.” Sherlock sat on the edge of his bed, stippling his fingers in thought.
“Look, Sherlock. This is going to be a difficult year. If you need extensions or help, I’m happy to aid you in anyway. I know the school echo’s that. You’re a smart lad, you deserve to do well.”
Dealing with others emotions, of course, was completely different. Sherlock cared little for how anyone else felt, other than if it directly affected him in getting what he wanted. John, however, was an exception to this rule, and every other one, it seemed. John’s emotions seemed to physically impact Sherlock. Somehow, John’s feelings towards him; from his tone of voice to the words his chose to use had a huge effect on him. It was rather distressing, having some form of reliance on John’s external positivity to bring Sherlock himself some emotional stability. This had never happened before and now that John was upset, Sherlock felt knotted, unsure of what to do. John was complicated, Sherlock knew there were more emotional layers to him, hence the use of the ‘external positivity’ that Sherlock had given him. There was a constant layer of anxiety underneath is positive base line which stemmed from somewhere. Sherlock wanted to know what that was.
John speaks to Anderson for the first time, who says some unkind things about Sherlock before going to a Chemistry lesson.  Together, John and Sherlock sit an exam when suddenly Sherlock becomes cold towards a confused John.
“Yeah. Um. Can I come and just. Sit.” He sighed. Greg nodded, not asking any questions. There was a pause.
“Yeah…well I don’t want them to.” He kicked a stone, suddenly angry again. “I’m gonna talk to Sherlock ab-about it again.” They fell silent again, the gate coming into view. They waited for Mike to tap his card to the gate for entry, before walking next to each other again.
“I see.” Sherlock knew that that was not what John was talking about. “You shouldn’t let him to get to you.”
The following week, John had training every night of school. There was a match the following Friday, and it seemed as though John was going to be needed on the field after all after one of the boys had broken their wrist at training the week before. He didn’t particularly mind the training; it was nice to be outside and moving around. John hadn’t played proper rugby in years, his technique a little rusty, but he was pleased to feel himself becoming more and more advanced in his movement. However, by night 3 of the training, John’s entire body was aching and sore. Twice, he missed dinner after napping too long whilst revising after training. It seemed that John was in a comatose state, about to pass out at any moment.
"I-I'm John Watson. Pleased to meet you." John stood and stuck out his hand, and the tall boy shook it firmly.
“I am fine. Now move.” Anderson hesitated for another moment, his eyes still on his arm. Sherlock balled his hand into a fist in frustration. “Anderson.” His eyeline was making him uncomfortable. Finally, he moved out the way, standing next to Sherlock.
"Well, Mother, I need to get some books from my room." Sherlock said as soon as she had put down roll of bandages. Mrs Holmes looked up to Sherlock and then to John. After a moment she smiled and nodded. Sherlock gestured to John for him to stand.
"I'm John Watson. I'm new." She nodded as he cleared his throat, looking down to filter through the papers on her desk. John rolled down his sleeves, suddenly aware that he must appear extremely unprofessional. He wanted to assert himself as belonging as soon as possible.
“Alright, I’ll keep that in mind when marking your paper.” Mr Smitham was not convinced by John’s sickness story, John could tell by his tone, but he was pitying him anyway.
“It’s okay John, not all of us can be student of the week.” Greg was referring to the time their history teacher used John’s Henry VII essay as an example for high quality writing and deemed him as ‘student of the week.’ It lead to John being banter-fully mocked for the following fortnight.
When John was younger, Harry would often come and get him in the middle of lessons, unannounced. It was occasionally to collect his lunch or money or to take him to an appointment. After a pay day, she would come and get him from the last lesson of the day, an hour early, and together they would go to the supermarket to buy food before their father could get his hands on the cash. John enjoyed those trips, the fruitless and pointless arguments over whether they should get branded bread or store bread. John knew it would be the cheaper option, the logo didn’t matter, but he jokingly caused conflict anyway. It was entertainment for the rather depressing trip, which became even more depressing when they saw how much money they had left for that months gas card.
It not was a long kiss, their lips meeting for mere seconds. In those seconds though, John felt his entire stomach flip. Sherlock pulled away looking quickly down to the waves.
"Yeah, I'll keep that in mind at my all boy’s school." He retorted, buzzing the glowing button. The introduction guide said that they should buzz in and get a member of staff to carry the case, but having other people do things for him made John feel uneasy. He'd always been independent, and didn't see why that had to change now. He quickly said his name, and was told that someone would be down to collect him, before the intercom cut out.
"Everything's fine, mother." Sherlock answered. John walked across the room and towards the open door, flexing his still raw hand anxiously. "I'm here for a peer. He cut his hands; we need a bandage." John guessed this was when he was meant to walk in.
"What like denim?" John laughed as he walked towards the intercom, nodding at his sisters own denim jacket.
“Are you cold, Sherlock?” John asked him as they sat. The sun had been set only for a few moments but John could immediately tell that it was effecting Sherlock.
"No problem." John replied, stuttering. As Sherlock stood up to leave, tucking in his chair, he looked to John.
Sherlock seemed to have a warmed to John a little more. He had brought his violin back to the dorm, which at first was well received by John and the others in his dorm but, but the end of the week, everyone was sick of it. Sherlock had the had the habit of playing the violin in the middle of the night. Almost every night, around 2 am, John would hear the almost silent padding of Sherlock’s feet across the dorm floor before some form of sad classical music started. It really was quite inconsiderate so Sherlock was quickly told to either play outside or not at all. Consequently, 2am violin playing now meant that John had to be awake to let Sherlock back into the dorm house. Although it annoyed him to have to wake up in the middle of the night, the sound of violin and the view of the school at night made it almost worth it. It made John feel as though he was dreaming.
"Pass me another cider." The taller boy said and, when he reached across to take it out of John’s hand, he couldn’t help but notice that Sherlock lent on his shoulder a little bit, seemingly purposeful. A sign of solidarity.
“There are lots of pride flags.” Sherlock remarked and John nodded. “I saw a club advertising drag queens by the sea front.”
All of a sudden, the ball made its way up to John’s end of the pitch. Quickly, the ball was passed into John’s hands, backwards, it seemed. Sherlock watched run around the outside of the opposition, the ball under his arm, and towards the other back line. It seemed to be going well, the other team trying to catch John, who was surprisingly fast for his height, when out of nowhere a player from Jude St Francis tackled John’s legs. John went flying right but, before he could hit the gorund, he passed the ball backwards to another team member, who picked it up and scored. There was a round of applause from the watchers, and a cheer from Mike. Dumbfounded, Sherlock watched John get up, dust off his now muddy, scuffed knees and run back into position. The tackle had been hard, but John simply shook it off and continued playing.
“Then what do you call it?” He cried in disbelief. Sherlock snickered, running his hands through his hair.
"Tomorrow is rugby try outs, which means another early morning." Greg put his hand to his temple, clearly pained by the thought of an early rise once again.
When he opened the door, John was hit by the scent of cigerettes and booze. Inside were about 10 students and, in the furthest corner, sat Greg, Mike and one other person, all hunched around a small table. Mike was the first to see John and becond him over with a smile and waving hand. They were all sitting on a mismatching wooden chairs that wobbled on the uneven floor.
"Oh no; I'm in the room next door. I don't know who yours is. I only came in because your door was open. Dinners at 7:30 by the way. It’s in the main hall. We can go over together if you want?" Mike said, as he left. "If you need anything, just ask."
"Yes, Mike. Hello." John leant forward to shake his hand. Mike smiled and took it. He did not know who Mike was.
“Well.” John cleared his throat. He wasn’t sure what to say. “It’s okay. I-I don’t mind.” He replied, clearing his throat again, and quickly looking down.
“That’s Mycroft.” He said, rising from his bed and shelving his book. John furrowed his brows in disbelief.”
The Wednesday was the day of the Brighton trip. John had eagerly awaited it all week. Partly because it meant he could miss out on the biology exam that he’d been set but also because it would be a return to reality. Bullimore was nice, but it was so far from what he knew that John felt as though he were dreaming. Brighton was somewhere John had visited a few times with his family, and concrete and harsh brick buildings were something he welcomed.
"Um yes. Sorry, do I know you?" John asked, pressing his back against the wall. His brain was still foggy.
John’s rugby game was the next day and it was cold and damp, the proper start of winter. Sherlock stood next to Mike and Greg, who were talking amongst themselves, wrapped in his favourite black coat. The Boys, as they called themselves now, had joked that Sherlock over dressed for every occasion, for a rugby match he donned a white shirt and trousers, but Sherlock had smiled and told them that it was the first match of the season, so of course he’d make an effort.
"It's no problem John." Mrs Holmes put down the magazine she was reading onto the sofa and stood up, smoothed her black polka dot dress and walked off. John turned to Sherlock once she left.
They were walking together now towards the history department, that was on the right side of the main building. It would be their 4th history lesson. John didn't particularly enjoy the subject, but he was good at it. It was just essay writing about dead people.
“What!” Mike exclaimed, as if they did not have bottles in hand. He had sat back up and was puffing rather hard.
The road to Sherlock's house was dusty. Arguably, it was less of a road and more of a track, studded with thick white stones and sandy grains. John watched some birds hop from tree to tree across the track, the shadows cast across the track long and dark, silhouetted against the dark blue sky. Of course, it was private, John expected nothing less from Sherlock. It was odd it was so unkept, but when asked Sherlock replied with ‘surprisingly, multi millionaire’s are very selfish and don’t like helping others.’ his tone dripping with sarcasm.
The inside was a bar, thedark stained wood scratched from chairs being dragged across it, and the far wall had a hatch in it, seemingly being used to serve drinks. Even though it wasn’t a huge space, lots of students could fit in there, John had been told, so many parties had been thrown.
“Good play, John!” Mike called next to him. The whistle had been blown for half time and John was walking from his corner, passed them and towards the hut. The boy had stuck his hand up to wave in response, a sheepish grin on his face. Sherlock noticed how John’s gaze seemed to be meeting his.
“I don’t know. I saw him earlier and he said some stuff.” John wasn’t specific. They didn’t ask any further. After a moments pause, John continued. “He seems attached to Sherlock?”
“N-nothing.” Hiccup. He suddenly felt upset. “Just that Sherlock keeps leaving without telling me. And I wor-worry about him”
John shuffled downstairs as quietly as he could. It was still early and he wouldn’t be popular with his peers if he woke them up every morning. There weren't many people milling around the downstairs. Anderson was sitting alone on the sofa, whilst another man was curled in the head nearest to the fireplace. It was quiet, and John revelled in the silence.
He threw himself onto his bed, beating his head against his mattress in pure desperation. Why was he like this? What if other people found out? Greg and Mike had made it clear that the school wouldn’t accept it so even if Sherlock was interested in him romantically, what could they do?
“Alright?” John asked when Sherlock came out of the room. He continued walking and John had to jog to keep up.
So, the two headed down the stairs to the kitchen. They spoke in low whispers, their hushes giggles filling the empty room.
“Not much choice. She said that she is accepted for the person that she is or life will be difficult. No ifs or buts. Harry is very stubborn.” Sherlock nodded.
“I think so…” He paused, looking up to see Sherlock’s eyes. “I think I was just kidnapped.” Sherlock laughed in a way that to John sounded almost like a purr.
They trailed back up the hill towards the school. John wasn’t exactly sure where they were going, and he didn’t think the others did either, but he didn’t mind. It was nice to see that they were all getting along, Sherlock laughing every now and again to something Mike or Greg said. It was very out of character for him, but he seemed happy so that was enough for John.
At night, whilst wishing himself to sleep alone in the dorm room, John was reminded of the nagging sensation in the back of his head. Perhaps, he could like men and women. But that thought made John feel sick too so he ignored it. Not in the same sickness that came with thinking of women sexually, but an almost anxiety that perhaps that was true.
“Sorry, who are you?” John asked. He didn’t want to be fed some bullshit by a random man, but something about him was familiar, but John could not pinpoint what.
“Sherlock?” John asked. Sherlock put down his menu, looking upwards towards John. “What about you?” Sherlock swallowed.
“Really, Sherlock?” He asked, looking towards his friend. Sherlock said nothing, as if he were waiting to power on before nodding.
Sherlock felt John's stare and looked over to him, catching his eyes. John resisted glancing down and instead held Sherlock's eyes in his own. Sherlock was sitting directly opposite John and if he lent forward, he could touch him.
“And it’s funny. We’re both from two different places but here we are.” There was a sudden gust of wind and John saw Sherlock shiver, the sleeves of his shirt doing little to protect his body.
"Next time you fail to follow my instructions, you will have a detention." The teacher said, deliberately emphasising every word to the entire class. John swallowed thickly and nodded his head. John knew he was being made an example of, but a detention could be detrimental to his scholarship. He could see Sherlock looking at him from his peripheries and as he walked back to his seat the boy raised his eyebrow slightly, almost a sign of solidarity. "Book away Watson." John looked up, startled, before fumbling with his bag to put his text book in it. Why were his hands shaking as he flattened out his test paper in front of him? Sherlock hadn’t seemed to have noticed, and John wasn’t sure why he cared . Breathe, he told himself as he could hear the loud thumping in his ears."You may start the exam."
hello! hope you're okay. my updates are sporadic but I aim to update twice a week. I've written quite far ahead, so if you want more updates I can give them to you. okay gucci, enjoy.
John rolled onto his side, his back towards Sherlock’s bed. He heard Sherlock come back inside, drinking water from a cup he got from the kitchen.
“This,” Sherlock gestured with his free hand. “The air. The countryside. Being outside. It makes you feel alive.” John smiled to himself, drunk Sherlock’s wholesome ramble from Brighton coming back to him.
“I see.” Silence. “Well, Phillip, if you care so much, perhaps you could find out yourself.” Anderson sighed, licking his lips and dropping his hands as John removed the tea bag.
"Do you really think that that's good beach wear?" John asked as Sherlock was tying a pair of black shoes. Sherlock looked up at John, scanning his outfit, before looking at his own.
"And that's how I know that David Cameron in year 11 is actually from Cameroon. Very interesting when you think about it." Sherlock sat down heavily, his legs handing over the edge of the pier, facing towards the sunset. It was surprisingly quiet. John guessed people were taking photos of the impressive sunset from the beach.
“Are you happy?” The boy asked sarcastically but did not wait for a reply before leaving, slamming the door after him. There was a knock of anger on the wall from the dorm next door.
“Why- What do you get out of this?” John asked, half laughing as he mixed the tea. Anderson shrugged and John again questioned the incentive of the boy. It was almost as though he was so desperate to have a connection with someone that he’d take an argument over nothing.
Idiot. Stupid. John kept his head down as he walked through the crowd. He shouldn't have said anything. Sherlock hadn't said he was straight either, but John wished he would. Then at least he’d know. But what would that change? Sherlock was to John's right, leading them through the crowd as he could see over the tourists heads. They hadn't looked at each other since they left the train and John firmly believed he would never look at him again.
“I’ve got work to do for tomorrow.” He replied, sighing heavily, running his hands through his hair.
He cleared his throat, an anxious tick, and squinted slightly. “In Catullus 85, there’s the line ‘I hate and I love. Why I do this, perhaps you ask. I know not, but I feel it happening and I am being tortured.’ Which shows the contrast in the human experience. The use of ‘and’ as a connective means that love and hate are intrinsically linked. He might be arguing that ‘love’ and ‘hate’ cannot exist without each other. Where ‘love’ exists, there is an opportunity to be ‘tortured which, for Calltullus, ends in hate.’” He glanced down, his ears hot with embarrassment and anxiety. Even he knew that that was too much of an expose for his own emotions and, although he knew no one but he knew this, John still wanted to be sucked into a hole.
John had always liked train journey’s. They reminded him of childhood and the summer, and Sherlock’s upbeat exterior seemed to only intensify this feeling. It felt as though they were going on a summer holiday.
"Jumpers and tea? Jesus you couldn't get more British if you tried." They dropped the case at the side gate. "Maybe you should try something different."
"Well, either way. Very impressive." John cleared his throat as an awkward silence fell across the room. John stared through the windows as Mrs Holmes finished bandaging his hands. John could see the entire village through the window, the view appearing as if from a countryside calendar. He met eyes with Sherlock who raised his eyebrows a little in exasperation.
“I’m not.” Sherlock flicked his eyebrow in disbelief. “I’m not. Not really. Just.” He paused. “Just mentioned what I already know.” John emphasised the I, hoping that it was explicit to Sherlock without him having to say anything. Sherlock smirked a little, stubbing out his fag on a coaster.
“John, really, I’m okay. Thank you though.” And John could barely see his face in the twilight that was ever darkening, but he could tell there was a small, gentle smile pressed on Sherlock’s lips.
Harry was at home, most likely, cleaning up the mess that their father had made. Although he called him Dad to his face, he was always Father in his head. John wanted to disassociate himself with that man as much as possible. After John's mum divorced his dad when he was young, his father became the exact opposite of a father figure. Abusive, manipulative and a general prick. He'd driven John's mum away. He closed his eyes. Don't think about that now.
“I said ‘what do you think about the game?’” Sherlock paused, squinting at the grey sky above before looking back to Mike.
When they went down to dinner, the conversation was light and warm and to John it felt as though Friday never existed. As though Sherlock’s friendship, his relationship to him, was stable and strong and secure. Even though John knew it wouldn’t last, he still held on to the thought that maybe things were better.
“Thanks guys.” John replied as they begun to walk up back up the small hill. The plan was to get the school bus to the local pub and grab a drink. Sherlock felt for wallet in his back pocket and sighed when he felt its weight. John slotted next to Sherlock, the four of them walking shoulder to shoulder in comfortable silence. Sherlock could smell John’s shampoo, which smelt of apples, and the familiar rub of his arm on John’s jumper when they walked abreast to each other.
“Alright.” John said, pausing, before pouring the tea into the cup. “Is there anything you need?” He asked, trying to indicate that he wanted Anderson to leave. John watch him lean against the countertop, crossing his legs and folding his arms.
John often played centre or as the open side forward. He was fast and surprisingly strong for his height, but when it came to positions he was given wing. He was unfamiliar with this placement but was determined to play as well s possible. If he could adapt to any situation, thy would be far more likely to put him on the team. As he was on the wide of the pitch, he was essentially watching the game play out until the ball was down his end. This happened twice, and twice he made the try. Once was by throwing the ball back and weaving round the larger player in front of him before just making the line. The second time was easy, the pass being easily made and the try being run.  It wasn’t too bad of an experience. The final list would be stuck on the wall by the front desk by next Friday.
For some reason, that thought made John’s stomach turn uncomfortably. The fact he hadn’t seen Sherlock since Friday made him nervous. There was the positive that John knew he had his blade, which was now sitting in the U bend of the shared toilet, although it was likely that Sherlock had many. Somehow, John knew that Sherlock wouldn’t kill himself that way. It was simply a self harm method. Suicide that way seemed very un-Sherlock. John kicked the softening grass with the toe of the boot. Practise was boring. They were trying passing techniques, but currently the coach was practising with a small group, which left John and 3 others alone. They weren’t allowed to move from position, or maybe they were, but John did not want to flaunt this rule. The thought of Sherlock bleeding out onto the expensive wooden floors of his bedroom made John feel sick, closing his eyes hoping the image willwould pass.
And yet, he couldn’t help but think back to the night in the field, when they were both hazed with drunkenness and fuelled by something else that they almost slept together. Was that attraction? Sherlock simply concluded that it was some attempt to know him better, understand him somehow. He was certain that he didn’t want to be with John sexually. The alcohol had clouded the memory, making Sherlock feel dumb and slow, yet he was sure that he wasn’t sexually inclined. As far as he was aware, that was left to less intelligent people – Sherlock believed that he didn’t have the space in his brain to be turned on.
“He’s been acting weird, worse than normal.” Mike remarked, sipping his drink. Greg nodded in agreement and John sighed, shaking his head.
“The most powerful man I have ever met.” Which made Sherlock chuckle and John found himself smiling.
“No, it’s not. He doesn’t choose to be miserable. He doesn’t chose any of it. It’s all a result of his brain. Just be sensitive.” John laughed at him.
It was an eerily familiar experience, watching Sherlock take pills. John was sure he'd watched his mother do the same, although Harry had told him she never took medication, although he knew this was nonsense – she wanted to paint her out to be more stable than she truly was. He remembered her half starving herself because she couldn't do it, bring herself to eat.
John wasn't excited for the results. It didn't matter to him if he got on or not, trying was the most important thing to him. This was proof that he was more than just a scholarship student who was too poor to be there. He could do things other than academia.
“Just do it.” He stood up, grumbling as he did, and walked over to the hatch. Suddenly Mike sounded serious.
John, however, had meant it when he kissed Sherlock. He meant it even more when his friend lent forward to kiss him again and was sure of his decision when the curly haired lad kissed him with his tongue. Suddenly, the explicit attraction John felt didn’t seem so ridiculous anymore, but he wasn’t sure if Sherlock felt the same. It was more an even footing. John was waiting for Sherlock to say something.
“It’s fine, Sherlock.” John responded; his throat suddenly thick. “Still very impressive.” Sherlock nodded and John noticed how he didn’t push it any further.
On Wednesday, John had rugby training for a match the following week. It was lightly drizzling, which annoyed John as the rain had a habit of getting in his eyes and flattening his hair against his head in such a way that made it impossible to see. He’d rather a heavy rain that shitty drizzle. At least the ground would be soft to fall on John reminded himself, flexing the hand he scuffed all those months ago. The first time Sherlock properly spoke to him.
Sherlock did not come to the exam, which John was not surprised by, but it still put him on edge. The entire exam was filled with John randomly staring off into space, his head filled with other, more pressing matters. This does not matter. John reminded himself. This is not important. He had somehow stumbled from the shower, to his room. Put his pressed cotton shirt against his skin. Breathed. As he walked down the stairs in the dorm, James caught him again. He saidAtHe said nothing to him, which was a relief. John felt as though he were going to cry again at any moment, so when James simply walked past without small talk, John sighed with relief.
"Yes, but I thought you were hurt." John knelt and picked up a small box. He recognised its name and inscription immediately and immediately knew he shouldn’t have picked it up. Sherlock watched John read and, when he looked up and met Sherlock’s eyes, they seemed to be filled with anger.
“Oh. Okay.” John was unsure how to reply but Sherlock obviously deemed this valuable enough information that he ought to know it. Sherlock flashed a brief, false, smile, adjusted his shirt and walked through the double French doors. John followed suit.
"John, have you done chapter 3." Sherlock asked, sitting up. His eyes caught the sunlight, and they suddenly became a translucent bluey green. They were stunning. John blushed at the idea that he called Sherlock's eyes stunning. "John?" Sherlock did not drop John's gaze. He cleared his throat.
Inside the dorm room, it seemed as though John had improved. He was in his pyjamas, in bed reading some form of poetry book. Sherlock handed John his tea before sitting on his bed, ruffling his hair aggressively. He didn’t mean for Anderson to get under his skin, but something about him made Sherlock instinctively angry. He ran his hand over the red patch on his arm, the skin warm and tight.
“You’ve done over half of it, John. It’s mostly your work. Please let me do this.” There was a pause from John, who was aggressively scratching his eyebrows. Another interesting nervous tic, Sherlock noted. Sherlock did not wait for a response, and instead put the paper on his desk. John lay back on his bed with a loud sigh.
sorry for not updating for a bit. im gonna do like 3 days of updates and then like 4 of not so i can keep writing. currently at 32k words and counting. in for a thicc fic. i hope you're enjoying it so far? im trying my best lol. it's all planned out, youre in for a ride (if you choose to keep reading.) anyway. thank you for reading up to this point. just hit 800 hit?! wtf?!?!?!?
“Do you reckon he wants in?” Greg asked with a snort. John laughed, his mouth a gape at the thought.
from here there are going to be elements of more triggering content, the further into the story you read, the more heavy it will become. just wanted to give you all a heads up. also thank you for the comments, i see them all and i really appreciate all your support. <3
There was seemingly no one downstairs, which put Sherlock slightly at ease. He didn’t exactly dislike his peers, other than Anderson, but they all lacked intelligence in such a way that made everyday conversation exhausting. Sherlock didn’t have time to waste on pleasantries, which made his friendship with John so much easier. John seemed to also believe that small talk was pointless, which meant Sherlock could sit in his much-needed silence for however long he needed without being disturbed. He filled the kettle, the water splashing against the sleeves of his dressing gown so he rolled up his sleeves and put the kettle on its base to boil. Whilst he waited, Sherlock paced back and forth, the dry sound of his slippers against the wood releasing some of the tension in his head.
“It’s okay John, you’ve stroked my ego enough.” And for some reason, both boys began to laugh, the smoky air now clear and cold.
“What do you mean, kidnapped?” And so John explained as dead pan as his possibly could, Sherlock’s eyes not leaving John’s face as he listened intently. After John stopped talking, Sherlock paused for a moment, shaking his head slightly before smiling loosely.
"It means she's seriously about committing to running. No one invests in equipment unless they're either dedicated to the activity." Sherlock gestured expressively with his cigarette, running his hand through his hair as he did so.
“I’d hardly say it was a kidnap John.” Sherlock said with a smile, pulling a cigarette from his breast pocket.
Sherlock watched John stretch, his friend looking concentrated in a way he had never seen before. He bent and tucked and jumped and lunged for some minuets, Sherlock’s own body aching at the sight of John. He could tell the shorter boy was nervous, though, he was repeatitvly running his hands down the short sleeves of his jersey, something he did also with his jumpers.
At the end of period bell, he quickly packed his belongings and thanked his teacher under his breath, anxious to find the library. He had a map that told him where all the rooms were, but he didn’t want to draw attention to himself by opening it. Instead, John followed the corridor until he ended up by the reception he went to when he first arrived, and scanned the signs for the word ‘library.’ It wasn’t on the signs, so he went outside to look round the grounds. Luckily, there was a large sign-post at the back of the building with arrows pointing in different directions with the numerous building names on them. The library was to the left of the building, apparently, so John began to make his way across the ground towards the it.
"Hi." A guy next to him said as he reached across the cupboard above John's head. John didn't feel like talking, but equally didn't want to get off on the wrong foot with his dorm mates. The boy opened the cupboard and reached for a packet of biscuits. "I'm Philip" John smiled forcefully.
"What are you suggesting, John." John paused, looking up at the sun which was surprisingly hot for late September.
“Thank you.” John replied, his voice steady and flat. He waited a moment before continuing to walk, his pace quickening as he exited the room, his first balled.
Sherlock Sherlock Sherlock. Pretty Sherlock with black curly hair who could play the violin from memory and do history and science. Sherlock who looked good in uniform. Sherlock who smelt of smoke and books and something else. Something so Sherlock than John was sure that he would find it no where else but on him. He wanted to be enveloped in Sherlock's scent, by Sherlock's arms, by Sherlock's body. But not in a weird way. Not in a way that would get him kicked out of the school. In a way that meant he got to be close with him, watch Sherlock smile and listen to laughter swell in his chest in that way that made John giddy. Be comfortable next to him.
When he arrived, he noticed Sherlock at the desk. It took every single muscle in John’s body for him not to both scream at Sherlock and hug him. His voice caught in his throat as he sat down to speak, unable to look at Sherlock’s face.
She had a pink zip up jacket and nylon leggings, with black and pink running shoes. Her hair was pulled back into a blonde ponytail, which bounced as she ran.
“Anderson. I burnt it on the tea.” Sherlock replied, loosely gesturing to John’s mug which he was holding.
And when Sherlock played, he felt the world change. There was no other sound but the sound of the violin. He felt the raw emotion in the music and watched Sherlock's body stretch as he played every note. The faster, more intense parts caused Sherlock to lean into the violin, his entire body leaning into the instrument. He felt the emotion in Sherlock, the passion being played on the strings. Sherlock's eyes were closed and his lips were parted in concentration. John and the rest of the world no longer existed.
John wasn't a friend. Friend seemed too dull a word. John was interesting in the way nobody else was. He seemed to be a too complex just to be a friend, somehow, and Sherlock was determined to discover why John mattered and why the boy was so diligent in supporting Sherlock. Something had happened in John’s life that had changed him forever and Sherlock was determined to find out what made John Watson so protective.
Sherlock steepled his fingers. Why was he so interested in John? Sherlock guessed it was because he was the first normal boy he'd met at this school. From a working-class background, polite, not confident, but brave somehow. It was unusual, to have a person more complicated and… different to the normal mummy’s boys at this school.  Sherlock sighed, disgusted by his own intense fixation on the boy. And he was smart. God he was. Smart, in the normal sense of the word. In a quiet way. Sherlock noticed that John would never speak about his grades, even when Mike and Gavin were gloating about them, but in all lessons was achieving A’s. Sherlock respected him more for that. He was emotionally intelligent too. He never asked about the pills, he didn’t need to. John knew, somehow. Sherlock didn’t know enough about him to deduce why. He huffed, frustrated at his own inability.
The local train station was just passed the local town, a 30 minuet bus journey in one of Bullimore’s on site mini-buses. Of course, they weren’t like the regular blue ones with sliding doors that John had been used to. They were black and sleek with tinted windows and thick leather seats.
“You can take my jumper if you want.” He was meant to make it sound like a sincere request, but in reality John sounded almost desperate.
"Sorry, what am I looking at?" John asked flippantly, he wasn't in the mood for looking at rock. Sherlock paused, slightly taken aback by John’s sour attitude.
“Who can blame him,” Greg remarked, sipping his drink “He’s a fine looking man. Not to be gay.” And both Greg and Mike laughed. John smiled, shifting awkwardly in his seat. It seems as though Anderson and I have more in common than I thought.
"Then what am I?" John asked angrily. The words came out sharp and violent and John's throat stung from the force. He tried to suppress the heat building in his throat, but he began to feel his face getting flushed. Sherlock paused, his eyes confused.
In History, they were beginning to plan for their next essay exam. John had at least 20 different plans and did not see how this was beneficial, but quietly did the work none the less. Sherlock was not in the lesson, which did not surprise John. His brain was too tired to worry and simply fixated his thoughts on revision.
The final lesson of the day for John was history. They were due to receive and improve upon their most recent assessment. Although they weren’t quite as important as the Christmas exams, the assessments would still contribute to university decisions. John wanted a good mark, simply for his own peace of mind.
“It’s essentially remembering a map of areas in which different information is located. As long as I can remember where the information is in, which room I can find it, nothing can be forgotten.”
“So is chemistry. I just need to learn the polarity and intermolecular force stuff and then I’ll be able to relax.” Greg smiled.
"Do you not get on?" He asked. Sherlock shrugged and walked behind the piano, which was beside the open door, before pulling out a violin.
"I know it's fine." Sherlock snapped back. John held his stare. "John, I think you should know that I'm focused on drawing as little attention to myself as possible. While I'm flattered, I should really let you know I'm not looking for any-" John cleared his throat, cutting Sherlock off.
“God no. I’m not gay or anything. We’re just room mates.” He looked up at Anderson, who seemed internally jovial at this news.
John noticed that Sherlock didn’t say much on the bus, his friend staring off into space as it shifted downhill. Greg and Mike, on the other hand, had not noticed, and continued to talk amongst themselves. John wondered if there was anything wrong with Sherlock but didn’t want to ask whilst with the others, so instead stayed quiet, watching him from behind lowered lids.
After training, John had enough time to have a shower, washing the mud from his hair and knees, before an impending biology assessment. It was similar to the history one. It carried little weight, but it would give John an indicator of what he needed to work on.He scrubbed the dirt from his arms, the heat of the steam making him woozy. It was therapeutic, removing gravely silt from his skin. He counted the amount of rubs it took for all the plastered muck to come off. One, two, three, four. And he found himself scrubbing the sponge harder and harder against his skin, until he was sobbing silently in the shower cubical, his hand pressed against his mouth to stem the painful sobs from escaping his lips. The hot water, the smell of sickly strawberry soap, the thought of Sherlock being dead in a ditch. John gripped the metal shower switch in his right hand, as if it grounded him to the very little reality that seemed to exist in that moment. He sobbed and sobbed and sobbed until he was sick in the drain.
“Thank you for apologising.” He begun. John was unsure of how to continue. “But I’m more worried about…”He trailed off, his eyes catching the inside of Sherlock’s sleeve, his brain filled again with the blade that was tarnished with the boys blood. Sherlock looked towards the front and sighed.
Sherlock remained frozen for a moment before he blink, his face re animating as if it were stuck on pause.
“Hello.” John replied, sitting back into his wooden chair. It took more brain power than John realised and he almost missed the seat. The man said nothing and lent back, folding one leg over the other and steepling his hands under his chin. He seemed to be studying John, who couldn’t help but look down at the desk, which now had a folder set on it with his name written on its side. There was a twinge of fear in John’s throat, but he chose to ignore it, waiting for it to pass. The man had still said nothing, his steepled fingers flexing slightly as he thought. After a moment, he sighed.
“Thank you for coming, by the way.” John said once Mike had sat down, glasses in hand. They were filled with gold coloured beer, the collar sloshing onto the table. John didn’t particularly like beer, but forgot that once it they began talking.
Just as the 3rd period bell went, Sherlock Holmes walked through the door, slotting in the seat next to John. He simply put his bag down without saying anything to John and remained stood as the Science teacher walked in. All the other students stood too, and John followed suit. This was not something John had ever done before. The teacher was a small man, with thick curly black hair and a strong moustache.
sorry for the delayed post, ive started re-reading my favourite book which of course has made my life grind to a stop. thank you for over 900 hits?!?!??!?!??!?!?!??!!?!?!? madness, who knew the sherlock fandom was alive and kicking in 2020. stay safe and well
"Thank you." Sherlock then bent his head and began writing rapidly. John licked his lips anxiously; did he need to say something else?
The silence didn't upset John exactly. It wasn't an angry silence. It just made him feel uncomfortable. Had he done something to upset him? No, of course not. He was just difficult, like Greg said. Somehow, that made John feel worse though. Perhaps it was because of the pill box. Then again, it was not his fault. Moreover, John could plead ignorance if Sherlock asked him if he knew what they were. He still felt bad though, but it had been an accident. John just desperately wanted to get through to Sherlock but every attempt seemed to fail.
“Um, she has a girlfriend.” John said and Sherlock stopped in his tracks. John turned around, confused.
The stairway to Sherlock's upstairs was as John imagined it: spiral and made of oak wood. There was a large chandelier down the centre of the stairs, which John caught himself staring at with his mouth agape and tiny detailed designs on the banister that followed the case. As they walked up the stairs John glanced at the many pictures that lined the walls, a combination of paintings and prints. At the top of the stairs was a long corridor with 5 doors on each side, a window at its end.
Often, in the evenings, John would gaze out the shared window in their dorm. It overlooked the countryside and, when the sun set, it would dance red between the trees before winking away. He liked the view, the peace. It allowed him to think. In those moments of serenity, John still could not avoid it. Somehow, it all came back to Sherlock.
The town was quiet. It was more of a village then a town, the wide, single road that led to the motor way 15 miles away, surrounded by charity shops and independent eateries. The pavemnts were cobbled with red stone, the curb marked with grey slate. It felt very much like a pentioner village. It was a pentioner village, Greg had said. He’d studied the local area for geography the previous year.
"What are you doing?" Asked John. He had given up on his mission of fixing his hand and now was awkwardly dabbing his bleeding right hand with the edge of his blue jumper sleeve.
im sorry for not updating. writers block+burn out+university= not the best time to write a fanfic. apparently i wrote this chapter in january and never posted it???? whats wrong with me.
“Unlike you, Sherlock, I dress weather appropriately. I’m fine. Besides, we’re nearly at school.” Sherlock went to protest again but was silenced by John nudging him gently. The boy then pulled the knitwear over his head, flexing his arms a little, and nodded.
“We should keep you around Sherlock.” Greg said jokingly as they walked down the cobbled street, the bottles banging together.
Apparently, in their excitement they had walked straight past the fence gate, and John was lucky to have found it in the dark. They could barely climb it sober, so the disorientating nature of drunkenness would have meant that at least one of them would have broken a bone and the fence. Possibly at the same time.
“It is. Yes.” Sherlock looked down at his hands before picking up a chip. John watched him bite it before continuing. “How do you write?” Sherlock took a moment to swallow, gripping the table slightly as he did.
“Maybe they don’t want to pay for fuel.” Sherlock replied, adjusting himself slightly in his seat. “Or perhaps they fear the windows will be smashed in a car park.” John shook his head.
"Um. I don't know. I might stay here and just have some toast." John replied, ignoring the impatient look from Sherlock.
“Literally just fuck off. Do you not think Sherlock has enough going on?” The words soured his mouth. “What is the point in this? You threaten Sherlock and I, which, by the way, we are just friends. You use Sherlock’s…stuff as a way to try and cause problems between us? Is it desperation or simple stupidity?” John was so angry his hands were shaking. Phillip shook his head, laughing in disbelief. “Well?” And Anderson didn’t answer so John took that as an indicator for his exist, his vision still hot.
sorry this chapter is so short, but the next one is min 5k so please forgive me. take some fluff as an apology
“What you-you mean it’s not his fault. Of course it is.” John responded, irritated at Mike’s defence of Sherlock’s behaviour.
John’s match started at 3 pm the next day. It was a friendly match, another private school from not too far away had come to play a test match with their team. Apparently, this match wouldn’t affect the league, whatever that met. John cared little for the league or positions or points, he played for the almost infantile fun he got from the game. However, he knew that for the boys who had been raised throwing a rugby ball, the private school league was important, so John knew to take it seriously. He met Greg and Mike, along with Sherlock, downstairs in the dorm house at 2 o’clock. Greg and Mike were smiling, intrigued with John’s play. He had made first reserve, they had said to each other the night before, so he must be good. Sherlock had agreed to stand with Greg and Mike with little resistance. If they were friends with John, they truly couldn’t be too bad.
He went to argue back when there was a sudden buzzing from the gates as they opened and a stretched black car rolled passed. It parked next to Harry’s, suddenly making John feel poorer than he already was, and a man in a black suit stepped out the car. It felt very much like a kidnapping, but Harry nodded for him to get inside. Before he could though, she gave him a hug, her mouth pressed into his ear.
like each other. One too poor to attend the school off his own back and the other a mentally ill arsehole?”
so im gonna be simple. as you know, there are some pretty intense topics and themes in this fic that only become worse as they go. when i started writing this, it was a form of therapy for me to cope with things ive experienced. however, because life is a bitch, writing this has become more difficult. not only because im struggling with some sherlock-ism myself, but also because it's quite a taxing thing to write about in general. ive got little motivation atm and work is sucking the life out of me
“No.” Sherlock got a cup out of the cupboard, put a teabag in and poured the ready-boiled water in the mug. Anderson sat in the highbacked armchair closest to the fireplace. It was empty and cold but the smell of burnt wood still strong.
John wondered why that thought bothered him so much, the thought of them not being friends. Perhaps he thought that this school would be different. Here he would make lifelong friends. So far, he'd befriended Greg and Mike and maybe Philip. John inferred that most people didn't like Philip, so he decided that he ought to keep away from him. Besides, he seemed like a bit of a twat.
“I just want to apologise for disappearing earlier, John. I’m very sorry for-“ He said quickly before John could cut him off. The drunk boy took off his shoes and turned on the light next to his bed. “John…no.” But it was too late.
“During match season they use the stadium at Jude St. Francis school. It’s weird they’re playing now, I didn’t think October was a good time for rugby.” Mike said, leaning over towards Sherlock and Greg.
“John.” His tone suddenly switched to something far more deceptive. A lump formed in John’s throat but he passed it off by pouring milk in his tea. “Have you seen Sherlock’s arms?” John stopped pouring briefly, his back suddenly hot with a prickling sense of anxiety and dread. He cleared his throat, unsure what to say.
“Two chips please.” John answered, feeling for the note in his pocket. £2.50 each. He could decide if that was a good deal or not. The man nodded, turning to shovel chips into the yellowed cartons that were sitting on the countertop. John licked his lips anxiously, waiting for the man to ask for payment. He defiantly had a £5 note on him. Even if he didn’t, he could ask Sherlock for money. Sherlock would give him money. After about a minute, the man turned back.
“Your friendship means a lot to me John.” He said. Sherlock’s sober sentiment almost knocked John sideways. “And I hate to think that you feel as if my behaviours are a consequence of your actions.” John nodded, massaging his slightly melted icepack in his hands, unsure of what to say.
John and Sherlock were on speaking terms again, which was as good. But it didn't stop John from feeling a bit sad around Sherlock. He spent all his time around his now verified friend, but it still wasn't enough. He wished he could make Sherlock feel okay somehow without the need of medication. He wished he could do something to make him feel as if he were okay. But he didn't. It was an eerily familiar yearn but John pretended not to feel it. Sherlock was talking more now, a surprising contrast to only days before when the atmosphere was frosty. Even if it was a passing remark, Sherlock seemed to want to be around John, rather than the otherway round, and this made John feel slightly more content with their friendship. Sometimes he would join John for breakfast and would always eat dinner with him. This was another positive change.
“Whatever Mike. I’ll say what I want. If he doesn’t like it, tough fucking shit.” John heard Greg hum in agreement and, now confident with Greg’s support and the contribution of booze in his system, John bound up the stairs  and (more wobbled) to his door.
John looked down at his can, fiddling with the pull ring. They sat in comfortable silence, yet John wanted to say something, anything.
When they returned to the dorm, Sherlock unpacked his bag and left the room, giving John no indication of where he was going. Then again, why should he? Sherlock made it clear they weren't friends. They were peers. Room Peers.
And now, as John lay down on his bed, resting the pack on his stomach, he wished that his mother would be proud of him. Silently, as he fell asleep, John promised her that he’d make his life better at this school. I’ll try my best to make things better.
"Okay. See you soon" He responded, almost wrestling out of her grip. She stepped back, nodded to the driver and got into her car. He waved her a brief goodbye in response, before getting in the stretched car. The driver slammed the door behind him, the red Ford becoming dark behind the tinted glass.
"Sherlock, you need to get up." John said gently. He didn't want to get jumped when Sherlock woke up, so was waking him from a distance. Greg and Mike had made him sound a bit batshit, so John felt safer this way. When Sherlock did not wake John repeated louder “Sherlock! Come on" and shook his shoulder.
“John, I just want to say I’m sorry.” Sherlock quietly murmured to John. “I’m sorry you had to see that. I’m sorry I walked off, I can’t imagine how awful you must have felt.” John put down his highlighter and looked to Sherlock.
“I can go grab us some drinks?” Mike offered and all the boys agreed. Mike wasn’t legally allowed to buy, he was 17 at most, but the old man at the bar seemed to care little about this. Money was money after all.
“John and I are just friends, Gavin, as I’m sure John himself has told you before. It’s almost perverted that you’ve created this fantasy in your head that John and I are secretly together. I suppose you imagine that we disappear to our dorms at allocated times to have sexual intercourse and then deny everything. This isn’t gossip, Gavin, it is real life, and your hyper fixation on John and I’s relationship is odd at least and truly disturbing when I really think about it. So, try and think about your own lack of sex life, because no one believes you went and fucked a girl at the other school, instead of instilling your sexual insecurities onto others.” There was silence and Sherlock sighed. Greg muttered something incoherent to Sherlock, but his eyes were burning so badly that he could not listen, his head filled with anger and frustration. He felt his vision grow cloudy just as John walked onto the pitch, who waved to him from a distance, before fluffing his curly hair and staring angrily into the distance.
Tonight, Sherlock had started playing earlier. It was a Friday, so many of their peers wouldn’t be in bed until the early hours. For Sherlock, this meant inside violin playing. Although it was barely 9 o’clock, he was already playing a particularly sorrowful melody. He would stop occasionally and replay the phrase he had just played, before continuing. John realised it was because he was writing the music as he went, which made John’s head spin. He could only dream of being that talented. He couldn’t help but imagine what was going in his head, trying to piece together the meaning of the music somewhere into real life.
"Girlfriends aren't really my area." John tried not to smile at this off the cuff remark and simply stared just pass Sherlock's shoulder.
"No, no, my granny's paying for this. My family want me to go to Oxbridge or Harvard, so they think I need the best education." John nodded. Imagine being able to pay £8,000 a term.
John resisted doing this under everyday circumstance. Sherlock’s eyes made John’s stomach flip. They were beautiful, somewhere between green and blue, and they made John wish he could paint. John thought they were the most attractive part of him and decided, in that moment, Sherlock’s eyes were possibly John’s favourite colour in the world.
Inside, Sherlock was sitting crossed legged on his own bed in the dark, wide eyed and shifting uncomfortably at John’s presence. John didn’t see what the matter was at first.
“How are you?” God, he hated pleasantries, especially with Anderson. Sherlock’s silence was welcomed as then John knew their relationship was built on something with substance, more than just a ‘hello’ ‘how are you’ like so many friendships were.
"I'm good at being quiet when I want to be." Sherlock articulated. The atmosphere suddenly shifting.
"What." Sherlock called. The door opened. He heard Sherlock sigh. "What do you want, Anderson?" John looked up and saw Anderson standing in the centre of the doorway, dressed in his dressing gown.
John had just come in from training, holding his muddy boots by the laces. Sherlock had asked him if he was okay and John didn’t answer. Instead, he sat on the edge of his bed, hands resting on his knees.
“We’ve still got 4 hours till lock up.” John said to the group after he glanced at his watch. The school gates were locked at 10pm, and any late comers were made to sign in at reception, where they’d be given detention for the next day. “I’ve got nothing to do now, shall we stay out?” The others nodded.
“No John. See. We’re different. You’re kind and considerate and you give people things even when you have so little yourself. It makes you a good person.” John’s ears burnt. Even though Sherlock was drunk, the sentiment was clearly there.
He couldn't fancy him. That would make him gay and John wasn't gay. He'd had girlfriends in the past. They hadn't lasted more than a couple months and even then, anything of the sexual nature seemed to un-nerve him quite a bit. Women were pretty, John liked their smiles, but the thought of what was underneath made him feel almost sick. Sherlock, however, was different. He didn’t smile, he wasn’t soft. He was mysterious and almost untouchable. But it was just Sherlock, no other man, so it meant he could be gay. John was trying to figure him out, that was all.
Sherlock turned out of the door, shouldering his bag. John couldn't help smiling. He changed his jumper and tied his laces, before following Sherlock down the stairs. Sherlock didn’t even look back to John a John caught up to him across the grounds, but the formal invite was enough for John to know Sherlock liked him. It made his stomach buzz in a comforting but unfamiliar way and it dulled the fear of Not Looking Good Enough that was beating its wings in the back of John’s mind.
John's eyes scanned the room for Sherlock, but he was nowhere to be seen. The school had collected in the main hall, the ceiling was high with beams running horizontally across it. There were floor to ceiling windows, and long tables running the length of the hall. There were around 140 students of different ages eating together. It was a joyful atmosphere and felt Hogwarts esc. At the front was the staff table, which had around 20 teachers sat on it, with the head in the middle.
“I remember it all in my mind palace.” He gestured to his head, not quite as enthusiastically as before. Obviously he was sobering up. “So, I just rewrite sections as I play.” John nodded as he ate. “Plus, basic muscle memory means I instinctually remember finger positions before I remember specific notes.”
“Yeah. Thanks.” Greg nodded as John sat at one of the desk chairs. It was still fairly dark, the sun barely up, and Mike was sleeping soundly. John heard the door gently clink closed and watched Greg move towards his chest of draws. The room layout was identical to his dorm, except the curtains were blue and white checked.
“Would you like me to make you some tea?” This made John laugh, a little stronger this time. He watched John push himself by his elbows, bleary eyed.
This is how John felt currently, sitting in the back a car he was guided to midway through biology. A man in a black tie and blazer had knocked on the door of the class, his face similar to Harry’s, and he was requested. John was unsure whether to go with him, the darkness of the character causing the insects to buzz loudly. It was only after Sherlock brushed his hand in an effort to be comforting, that John stood from his seat and followed the man. It felt as though he were about to disappear, but Sherlock’s purposeful movement had reassured him somehow. Perhaps Sherlock knew what was happening?
"I don't really know." He said and John laughed. They looked up, finding themselves in stitches of laughter the more they looked at the rock. John was holding his sides by the time Sherlock had stopped wheezing beside him. Neither of them were entirely sure what was funny, but that was seemingly what made them laugh more.
“Did you see Mr McGowan on the history trip?” Mike asked with a laugh. He had drunk at least a bottle and a half of red wine and seemed very invested in this particular portrayal.
The night progressed and the conversation was taken up mostly by Mike. The more he drunk, the more confused he seemed to be, until for a solid 20-minute period he was rambling on and on about his brand of shoes. John wasn’t sure why or how Mike got onto this topic as he had started by talking about his favourite flower, but it was entertaining enough. The others were in fits of silent laughter, including Sherlock, and it even funnier due to the high amounts of alcohol in their systems. Mike was ridiculous. Harmless and kind but gullible and stupid when drunk. John felt sleepy, his brain almost vibrating in his skull as he watched Mike do impressions of the teachers they shared.
He watched John catch the ball, Greg and Mike cheering next to him as John did what Sherlock assumed to be the right thing. He was fast, admirably so, the muscles in his legs contracting and releasing quickly, buldging from his thighs. Another aspect of John that seemed bemuse him – he wanted to watch him all the time. As if studying him intensely would unlock something to Sherlock that would otherwise be lost. When John wasn’t looking, Sherlock would watch him work. There was no particular reason, but he was just pleasant to look at. It was the small details that interested him most, the small furrow of John’s brows, the way he licked his lips when confused, the way he would re-read what he’d written every 90 seconds, nodding to himself as he did.
"That's because he's a wanker." Sherlock passed the bottle to John and pulled out a cigarette. "Mike and Anderson and the other one.” He paused, accenting his movements with smoke. “Gavin?"
"Sherlock, are you okay?" John called, moving towards the door. There came no reply so John knocked twice. Again, Sherlock didn't answer so John pushed open his door.
The sun was now setting, half the sky inked a darkening blue and the rest a fantastic orange, the clouds tinted yellow by the dying sunlight. Mike beckoned them off the track they had walked up and towards a field. It wasn’t too far from the school, in fact John could see the outline of the roof against the sky. They took it in turns to hop the fence. John curled his hands round the wood, damp from rain, and hoisted himself over. He wobbled for a moment, allowing himself to securely get upright and then jump into the field below. The mud squishd beneath his feat, Mike throwing the bottles into the field and them landing with a soft bump. John smiled to himself as he picked up the bottles, walking towards  Sherlock and Greg, who had both jumped the fence already. They watched Mike fumble and fall to the ground, the mud imprinting on his shirt. Mike stood back up, laughed, wiped his muddy hands on his trousers and joined them. Mike, it seemed, was a light weight.
“Here.” Greg said, throwing the blanket towards John, who caught it easily. “Are you sure you’re alright?” He asked as John unfolded the blanket and adjusted it on his lap. He watched him fiddle with the embellished hem. Greg didn’t expect a reply and John knew so said nothing.  Greg simply got back into bed, nodding to John as he did so. John nodded back, watching Greg settle. After a few moments, Greg had stopped shifting, and John settle into the chair properly, his eyes suddenly heavy. As he fell asleep, John couldn’t help but see the cuts on Sherlock’s arm, their hot redness exaggerated in the paralysis of sleep.
They sat in a carriage alone. The school was travelling first class, of course, but the first section of the train had been taken, leaving John and Sherlock by themselves. There were other students who needed seats, but they decided to stand with their friends instead of moving carriage. There was no more standing rom in the front carriage, and it seemed pointless to stand if there were seats available. Consequently, Sherlock and John sat alone in their seats, opposite each other, looking out their windows.
Neither boy said anything, they simply looked each other in the eyes. John wondered how long they would stay like this, frozen and looking at each other. He wasn't complaining. He rather like the way Sherlock looked. His hair was falling in messy black curls, fluffy and windswept. Sherlock still wore the white shirt from the other day, as well as black trousers. They had light mud stains on the cuffs. Despite looking ragged, he somehow managed to still look good. Sherlock did not seem to be resistant in holding his gaze, it seemed more like a challenge.
It was an exact circle, the roof shaped like a mound and made of glass, like the min building. The entrance was framed by two large stone pillars, chiselled with flowered, and the door made of heavy wood, the thickness of john’s arm. The interior was huge. It was the same size as the dining hall, every inch lined with shelves. There were two floors to it, a balcony for the second floor that had desks pushed against it, so that people could over-look the library. At centre of the library was a large column of light on the centre. Surrounding that was circular desk where students could check in and out books.
“How soundproof do you think these walls are?” John knew Anderson was making shit up, he and Sherlock had done nothing. But the evidence worked against him, Anderson technically wasn’t wrong, he and Sherlock had kissed, well almost more than kissed, and John’s stupid sudden reaction gave Anderson the upper hand. John laughed emptily.
The pitch was standard, the lines marked out in white chalk. Mike, Greg and Sherlock were told to stand at the sides of the pitch. It seemed out of all the school, the sports pitch had the least investment. Most of the other private schools that Sherlock had visited for sixth form open day (which had really been pointless as he knew he was going to return to Bullimore) had large and expansive pitches. One school had a small stadium that could seat around 500 pupils, 700 if standing and put Bullimore’s rectangle of overplayed grass to shame. The sports house was nice, it had a gym and badminton courts for out of hours, but even that was inferior. It seemed that sports was the only thing Bullimore did not excessively fund.
as well as what it is a trigger for. stay safe, stay well and please look after your mental health <3
After many rounds of what ended up being shots, John, Mike and Greg stumbled back up to the school. Twice John almost slipped up and admitted his attraction to Sherlock. Once when Mike was talking about the private girls school a short drive away that was holding a Christmas Ball and once when Greg admitted he skipped history to go and have sex with his next door neighbour’s daughter. Mike had nodded in admiration but John remained silent. It was strange that these boys could be so open and talkative about who they liked. They did not hesitate and it was seemingly a sincere conversation. It was a reminder John was the 3rd party in the friendship, Greg and Mike had been friends before he was at the school and they would probably remain friends after school too. John was sure that if he did profess his attraction, Mike would not be against it and Greg would follow suit, but admitting it in his head was very different to saying it out-loud. John didn’t think he’d be able to string the words together into a sentence when it came to Sherlock.
After stepping through the door, John closed it firmly behind him, listening to it click into place. There were only 3 doors in this corridor, and John quickly found room 1b. The B, he assumed, meant there were other room 1s in the house. He was surprised how large the house was, the exterior fooling him into expecting a smaller building.
“That’s 5 quid.” He said, handing John two paper wrapped containers. Immediately John handed him the money. The man smiled. “Do you want salt or vinegar?”
They spent the following 2 minutes trying to pull Sherlock’s arms out of the jumper sleeves. Although Sherlock was thin, too thin, he was tall and the material was tight around his arm pits and neck, making this tasks almost impossible. John was now standing in front of Sherlock, who was a lot taller than he seemed to remember, and was pulling at the bottom of the sleeve to try and give Sherlock some slack to move his arms. This would have been funny, but John was over tired and grouchy, and it was one of his favourite jumpers. A simple white cable knit.
sorry for the absence, ive just had some family health scares to deal with lol! global pandemic am i right. the coming chapters were due for christmas but im trying not to beat myself up about it. how have things been with you? thank you for the support :)
John wasn't quite sure whether he ought to have helped the driver with his case, so awkwardly stood by the boot of the car. The driver bent to open the back, before looking up at John.
“I’m so proud of you.” Is what Harry had immediately said to John. They had opened the acceptance letter from Bullimore together in Harry’s bedroom.
Greg watched them ahead of him, Mike leaning to his right. They were a confusing pair. He couldn’t quite figure out what was going on between them, and it seemed neither could they. Still, it mattered little to him whether they were together or not. Sherlock was a cold, sometimes cruel person and it was strange to see him bond so well with another person. In the five years that Greg had known Sherlock Holmes, he had never seen him have a close relationship with anyone. John Watson, it seemed, had changed that. Although he could be mean at times, Greg truly cared about Sherlock, and knowing he was happy was something that made him smile.
"You can go in, I'll bring this to your dorm." John hesitated before muttering a 'thank you' and walking in the direction of the entrance.
“He’s playing well, isn’t he.” Mike said, nodding towards the pitch. Greg said something about tactical play (Sherlock was sure the words Greg was using were not actually English) before Mike said something to him.
"I'm glad."  Sherlock replied softly and leant into kiss him. John turned his body slightly, Sherlock's hand still on his thigh, and gently met his lips.
“No.” Pause. Of course he had. Once, when he was getting changed, John caught a glimpse at the inner of Sherlock’s left arm. It was white, but sprinkled with whiter, straight, horizontal lines that ran the width of his forearm. To anyone else, the scars would have gone un-noticed as they were almost invisible, but John knew what they looked like. He found himself subconsciously looking towards his friends arms and legs, checking that they weren’t hurting themselves. John didn’t bring it up, and he ignored it again when he noticed several pinker marks a few days later. “Why does it matter to you?” The boy opposite him shrugged, turning to lean his back against the counter-top.
In front of him was a large iron gate protecting a bricked drive, which snaked around the hill he had just driven up. A top that hill was a grade 2 listed building that would become his school for two years. The best school in the country, he had been told, also one of the most expensive. This made his stomach twist, but he ignored it and walked round to the back of the vehicle. Inside was his case which contained his clothes and books for the year, and thus it was too heavy to lift alone.
“See, Mike’s having fun.” Sherlock said, swinging his arm into the air and barely missing Greg’s nose. “Everyone’s having fun. Fun. Fun. Fun.”
He watched John catch the ball, Greg and Mike cheering next to him as John did what Sherlock assumed to be the right thing. He was fast, admirably so, the muscles in his legs contracting and releasing quickly, bulging from his thighs. Another aspect of John that seemed bemuse him – he wanted to watch him all the time. As if studying him intensely would unlock something to Sherlock that would otherwise be lost. When John wasn’t looking, Sherlock would watch him work. There was no particular reason, but he was just pleasant to look at. It was the small details that interested him most, the small furrow of John’s brows, the way he licked his lips when confused, the way he would re-read what he’d written every 90 seconds, nodding to himself as he did.
Upstairs, he settled himself against the wall next to his bed. It must have been about 2am, the night still underway. He hated it. The night time after. Always. It was the worst. Loneliness and fear. A lack of control. John found himself banging his head against the wall in frustration, but soon stopped out of fear of being heard. Alone, he wrapped his arms around himself, his jumper soft and familiar, and gently cried into the sleeves, the moonlight spilling onto the bed.
"Because I think you'll get your shirt wet. Come on." Sherlock hesitated, glancing down at John's outstretched hand before complying. He dug in his draw and pulled out a black polo top. John took it and folded it into his bag, before shouldering it. "What about your shoes?"
“Thank you for the tea.” John said, placing his tea down on the nightstand and leaning to turn off the lamp.
John played rugby at his old school. It was a key part of the curriculum. Boys played rugby in the mud whilst the girls played netball or badminton. He wasn't bad either. He was on the team for 3 years, and rugby captain of the B squad for 1. But this was a good school, John realised, there was no way that he'd get on the team. Maybe he would try? He decided he would see how he felt in the morning.
And now, on the train home, Sherlock was not meeting John’s eyes. Instead, he was massaging his temples rather heavily, indicating that he had a rather bad hang over. John, on the other hand, had recovered rather well. He felt a little rough, but still managed to write out the data needed to pass the course. His stomach felt sicker from the sweet cider than the alcohol itself. John wished he didn’t drink like a child. Sherlock, on the other hand, had refused John’s help and so was currently bent over his sheet, occasionally glancing to John, clearly not sure what to write, his mind palace out of action.
The journey had been silent other than Harry relaying directions to the driver, who did not look behind him. John daren’t ask what was wrong and settled in the silence, studying Harry’s face in effort to ignore the lump in his throat and the pulsating dread in the back of his head.
And suddenly, Sherlock stood up, spreading his arms wide and cracking his bones. In front of him was the moon, and in its light John was convinced Sherlock was made of silver. He watched the boy take a cigarette out his pocket (it seemed as though Sherlock had a surplus supply) and light it, the smoke funnelling into the cold Autumnal air. He wondered if anyone would ever be that attractive ever again. Greg broke the silence.
In reality, he liked the routine of the outfits. He knew he was attractive, and he looked most attractive in suits. Anything else felt dirty, or wrong, as if he were a rat wearing human clothes. Moreover, the texture of the shirt against his skin was the only one that didn’t make him feel as though he were about to scream, so it was a win-win situation.
“Hang on John.” He heard Sherlock say. There was a hint of panic in his voice. John tutted. How dare he ask me to hang on after the stress he caused me. John thought as he opened the door.
“We’re not friends.” John replied, smiling with straight lips and distracting his hands with a paper coaster on the table.
"I thought so. Although I think the prosecco is off brand." They chuckled again and John felt Sherlock glance at him. "I somehow feel that Sour cream and chive pringles are superior."
His dorm room was larger than expected, with two single beds, two desks and a 3 sets of shelves. The two beds were pushed against the left and right wall, with a desk at the bottom of each bed, the chairs facing away from the door. There were a set of shelves on each wall, as well as a chest of drawers and a wardrobe near the window. John picked the bed to the left of the door, placing his welcome pack on the sheets, before gazing out of the window.
“Hello John.” He smelt strongly of smoke. John didn’t know what to say, gritting his teeth in frustration and distress.
But John wanted to be Sherlock's friend God damn it. Just as he thought he was reaching him, becoming close with the man, Sherlock would do something or say something that made John think different.
“Hello John.” He remarked softly, looking up from his book. “Are you okay?” John sat on his own bed, stretching his legs in front of him and squeezing the cuff of his sleeve.
"Um...did you want something?" He asked sheepishly. Sherlock didn't respond for a moment, his eyes flicking to John with no recognition. After a moment, life came back into him.
"So, Sherlock Holmes is your roomie? John nodded, spooning mash onto his plate. Greg grinned. The headteacher had finally stopped speaking about school community and pride and they were allowed to start eating.
He wondered if Harry would be okay at home. If she would be safe. If dad would try anything when drunk and—-
"Do you think that's safe?" John asked. He wasn't partially sober himself, but in a better state than Sherlock. Sherlock turned to look at him.
sorry for the delayed update. my fav character is dead in the book im reading so i guess my life is over smh. anyhow, i think im going to take a week off updating so i can work on the drafts so im like 3 or so chapters ahead? works been yeeting me so thats why ive not been doing much. thank you so much for 1 k reads and all the comments!! youre so kind
"Would you like me to get some mugs? If you're boiling the kettle, can you pour me a cup." John nodded as Philip bent down to his right to open a cupboard, producing several mugs. "Would anyone like a cup of tea?" He called to the group behind him. Someone groaned.
“Squat down.” And Sherlock did as he was told. John preceded to roll the jumper up Sherlock’s torso. “Move one of your arms into the jumper.” And again, Sherlock complied. Then, with one tug, John freed Sherlock’s head and left the right sleeve on Sherlock’s arm, allowing the other boy to pull it off. Sherlock pulled the jumper off his arm and for some reason was still slightly squatted. John went to say something, looking up at Sherlock, when he suddenly met his eyes.
"Are you coming down to breakfast?" Asked John, purposefully loudly. Those already downstairs turned to John, and Greg looked up with annoyance on his face.
It wasn’t attraction. He was sure of this. His entire life, Sherlock had been taught that homosexuality, in any form, was wrong. In mass, at Sunday School, he was told by the Father that even thinking in a homosexual way was wrong because God could read his thoughts. Of course, Sherlock knew that there was no God, that the religion he was bought up under was more of a cult used to control people rather than a house of an omnipotent being. But even then, small increments of the preachers teachings would somehow infiltrate his brain, poisoning it black with their preaching’s. Even so, it was attraction – John was simply interesting.
For some reason, the question floored him, as vivid memories from Brighton and the field and nights spent in their dorm room laughing together, inches away from each other’s face, the room warm with their breaths and something else. What is going on? Friendship? More than friendship? But the words from his upbringing seemed to scream no. A simple question, less than 10 words, and suddenly years of suppression or ignorance or both seemed to crash down on him. He swallowed firmly, rebuilding the wall in his mind until he could steady his voice enough.
“I’d hate to play in all that mud. I think I’d rather stay inside.” Just as Sherlock was about to remark about the fact Mike spent too much time inside, there was a whistle and the game started.
But he hated Sherlock. John knew something was going on, some form of untouched anguish. His mystery was a force that both compelled John’s interest and made him dislike Sherlock at the same time. The fact he wouldn’t talk to John hurt him, although he was reassured slightly by Mike reminding him that Sherlock rarely spoke to anyone it did not irradiate the concern that something was up. The random disappearances without explanation frustrated him and made matters worse. John found himself randomly waking to check his dorm mate’s bed, which was almost always empty. Then, he would lay awake for hours, listening to the gurgling pipes and wondering where Sherlock was. Hoping that he was safe.
“We’re going to The Swan later, are you coming?” Greg asked over breakfast one Friday. John shook his head as he cut into the bacon on his plate. He was surprisingly tired this morning and put it down to stress.
“I said ‘what do you think about the game?’” Sherlock paused, squinting at the grey sky above before looking back to Mike.
"John." He replied, steep-ling his hands under his chin and staring off into the distance. John stared at Sherlock, his eyes flickering between the page and the boy. The table was surrounded by shelves either side, so Sherlock must have intentionally picked to sit with John.
"What did you do to your hands?" Sherlock asked, walking towards John. John shifted over slightly, inviting Sherlock to sit next to him.
John began to gently unbutton Sherlock’s trousers, his hips shifting to allow John wiggle room. He had never done this before and didn’t know whether to look Sherlock in the eye or not and so settled for awkwardly staring at Sherlock’s crotch area and he fought with the button.All the while, Sherlock was gently moving his fingers along John’s hips. It was distracting, but not unwanted.
“You share room 221b, don’t you?” John nodded, looking at the page which was dotted with information about John’s academia. He let out a silent sigh of relief when he saw no family details listed. “Interesting.” John almost laughed, slowly realising that this was a theatrical performance. “Sherlock Holmes has a number of…challenges. As his roommate,” He said this with narrowed eyes as if he did not believe John.“I feel as though you deserve to have information given to you. You ought to be briefed and to be briefed and prepared.” John nodded again, slower this time, the thoughts of the Friday before clawing his attention. He found himself gripping the edge of the table, clearing his throat.
“Please don’t.” The slight desperation in Sherlock’s tone forced John to turn around. He looked up at John with a face that masked a mixture between submission and desperation. John took a step towards Sherlock, his face softening on instinct, the situation familiar.
“We’re thinking of going into town and grabbing food after the game. Will you come?” John asked across the two other boys, who were to Sherlock’s left. Sherlock rubbed his arm self-consciously.
"I don't mind." John replied and for once did not feel a burn of regret. Sherlock looked up at him, taking a long inhale from his cig. He watched him blow out the smoke.
"Yes." John was sure Sherlock wasn't like this with others. He was rude to Anderson and seemed to avoid all human contact. Yet, here he was, being invited back to his room-mates home. Sherlock paused. "Unless you're busy doing...stuff." Sherlock said the word 'stuff' as if it were a poisonous word. John shook his head.
