“Did too!”
Peter clenched his teeth, trying not to retaliate. Flash didn’t stop there though. “Stupid puny Parker has no family left.” Flash gave a bellowing laugh.
“Home happy.”
“Hey, Peter. How are you feeling?” Somewhere in the time, I answered Tony and then got trapped in my own thoughts, Bruce had entered the room.
“You’re right. I’m Peter. Peter Parker,” I said taking my mask off. She hesitated before answering.
“Mm-hmm,” Steve hummed. Clint sat across from Peter at the table. Soon the others were up and sitting at the table, chattering lightly amongst themselves as they ate breakfast. Peter began telling Tony what happened this morning.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I set my notebook down on my desk, sat down after grabbing a pencil, and began writing.
“Hold on… give me a sec,” I said putting the mask back on. “Lay it on me, Karen.”
“Did not!”
“Tony had an important meeting to go to, he’s really sorry he couldn’t come,” Happy replied.
“I’d like that very much,” Peter said. For the longest time, Peter never thought he’d find happiness. But now, he felt truly happy. Tears continued to stream down his cheeks, but for once they weren’t tears of anguish.
“I will.”
Tony pecked Steve on the forehead and mumbled sleepily, “I love you.” Steve merely hummed in response, almost asleep.
“May I sit?” Sam pointed to the edge of the bed. Peter moved his feet so he was sitting cross-legged, Sam sat in front of him. Peter was glad Sam wasn’t forcing him to talk about it. The teen was afraid he’d have another panic attack or cry. He knew they just wanted to help. “I heard something happened at school. Do you wanna talk about it?”
“Yes, Boss?” The AI responded.
Peter sat there stunned and then burst into tears. “Woah, woah, woah! Calm down. I didn’t mean to upset you!” Tony said. Hands up in the universal gesture of peace.
I woke up, I couldn’t breathe as I shot up into a sitting position. I couldn’t remember what it was about, but I knew I had a nightmare. The only time I woke up like this was due to a nightmare. I put my shaking hands together, to try to calm myself. I tried to take normal breaths.
I am not happy, nor sad. I guess you would call that neutral. But, I’m writing it down anyway because it’s what I feel.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Peter was silent for a good while as he attempted to sip on the hot chocolate. “I’m sorry.” Peter couldn’t hold it in anymore. “I’m so sorry.”
“Fine. I guess it doesn’t matter anyway. Just...open the window,” Peter said after he got his suit on. It’d been a while since he’s been out on patrol. Peter swung from the window, soon he was in the air swinging around New York. He perched himself on top of a building. Silently listening for any signs of crime. It was silent at 3:30 am in New York, save for the sounds of traffic.
“Pete...talk to us…,” Tony pleaded as he sat on the end of the bed. Peter looked at him. He took note of how this Tony didn’t have an angry look in his eyes. Only worry and grave concern.
“Aww, Peter Parker’s a cry baby,” Flash taunted. “Poor Peter Parker. Doesn’t get enough attention so he tries to kill himself,” he snapped. He pushed Peter to the floor.
“You’re back,” was the only reply they got out of the teen before he threw himself into Tony’s arms.
“Yes, you should have Cap.” Tony placed his lips on Steve’s.
“You can’t possibly think I started it.” Peter’s voice was teary. Great...there goes another person he thought he could trust.
“I’ll tell you what...you go to this first appointment, and if you really hate it, I won’t make you go. But Pete, you have to open up to us,” Tony said. I nodded.
Peter sniffed, instantly regretting calling Happy. “I-I’m s-sorry...Just...something…” Peter paused, “Something came up...and I’ll just….I’m sorry for bothering you...nevermind.”
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
“Peter, stop.” Tony’s tone was harsh. “Stop doing that to yourself. There is nothing wrong with you. You were in a bad situation and none of that is your fault.”
I doodled in my notebook, ended up writing more of my thoughts down. Then the bell rang. I packed up my thing and ended up being the last person to leave. “Mr. Parker, can you stay for a minute?”
Peter grabbed the sides of his head, pulling on his hair, trying to get the voices to shut up. But, it seemed as though they wanted Peter to listen, to follow what they say. “Stop it! Stop it!” Peter yelled over and over again. Tony came bursting into the room as soon as Friday notified him of Peter’s actions.
“As I assume, you already know what happened. Just keep taking those nice deep breaths,” Bruce said softly. Steve walked in with three mugs of hot chocolate. One was handed to Tony, one to Bruce, and finally one to Peter.
I know that I can be replaced. Anyone can be replaced, well…not the Avengers...no one can replace them. I worry that if I make a mistake and it’s bad enough...or if they get tired of me...that I’ll lose everything. Tony and everyone else is constantly reassuring me about it. In my mind, I can’t help but think...one day...they’ll get tired of me and my emotions.
I turned around, facing my history teacher. “Yeah.”
“I’ve never had anyone. I’ve been in and out of homes all my life,” She said softly. “In my first few homes...they...abused me...and…” She cut herself off.
*A year later*
“They let me have your contact because I said I’d refuse to see a therapist otherwise.”
“Better than I thought it would...she really seems to want me to go back…,” I said. I guess I was just that bad off. “What’d she say about me?” I asked. There was so much going on, that even if I had wanted to eavesdrop I wouldn’t have been able to.
“I have nothing to say to you,” the teen said angrily.
I hate myself. I hate that I’m so panicky. I hate that I am a burden to everyone I’m around. Don’t get me wrong...I love what I have...but I can’t stand it. I don’t deserve their love. I don’t deserve them. I don’t deserve anything...
I know I was a burden to my Aunt. I had these powers and I couldn’t save Uncle Ben. She was forced to work a lot of hours just to keep up with feeding me. She was also going through her own mental battles. I didn’t mean to burden her with myself. I didn’t mean to burden anyone with my own problems, that’s why I kept everything in, so I didn’t burden anyone.
“I’m going to hang up now. And you’re going to leave me the hell alone.”
“Don’t do that Tony,” Steve said pushing Tony away so he could look him in the eyes. “Don’t put this on yourself.” Tony’s lip trembled, but he refused to break. He needed to be strong for Peter.
“May...she...I…” Peter choked on his words. Tony got up and helped the teen stand.
“We’ll wait for you,” Clint said.
I don’t know how long it was we stood there talking before she finally let me help her down. We sat on the building talking until daybreak.
Peter
Flash hadn’t looked at me, talked to me, didn’t push me around anymore. He left me alone. I was happy about that.
Peter nodded. “Okay.” Was all he said.
“Who’s the kid from school?” Just like Bruce to get to the point.
“I-I’m okay now. T-thanks Steve,” Peter said, still a little shaky. Steve ruffled the teen's hair fondly.
“Come on Pete. Let’s get you out of here,” Tony said.
And that seemed to be the new topic at dinner. Peter had told Clint, who told Natasha. There was no denying it anymore. Natasha could see through even the best of lies. Peter smiled a lot more. But no one knew the emotional turmoil he was going through. His thoughts were constantly on Maddison Lyons, the girl he failed to save. He was constantly thinking about what Flash said. His thoughts were overwhelming, but he still tried to keep up his happy state. Peter saw the looks he was getting from Nat every now and then. He knew she could see right through him. But...in truth, he didn’t really care. He thought, ‘at this point...I might as well not hide it. But look at them, they are all so happy...and I don’t want to ruin that’.
“Spit it out, boy!” She yelled. Peter stayed silent. His heart was pounding painfully against his ribcage. Peter felt a sting as May once again slapped him. “Well!?” Peter still refused to move...to speak. Peter was frozen in his spot. Panic-stricken. He didn’t even calm down when the door was slammed open. It only made him panic more when hands grabbed at him. He could hear screaming. It took him a minute to realize it was him that was screaming. The hands were taken off him, he fell to the floor, curling up in a ball, not letting anyone touch him.
I downed another small handful. my thoughts were beginning to become mottled. I fell to the ground unable to keep myself up anymore. My hand was still bleeding, the blade being clenched in my hand causing the cut to become bigger.
Bucky, who was oddly protective of the teen, put an arm around his shoulders. “It’s gonna be okay, kid.” Bucky’s voice was uncharacteristically soft. That seemed to be all Peter needed. The teen nodded, opting not to talk because he knew he’d cry if he did.
“Yes, Peter?”
Steve walked in a few minutes later. His eyes widened at Peter who was growing more and more tired. Steve grabbed Peter from behind as Bruce came rushing in.
“Peter time to wake up. You’ve got school today,” Tony’s loud voice rang through my mind like a lawn-mower. I let loose a groan.
“What?” Happy asked almost harshly. “I’m busy right now, Kid.”
None of them would ever understand why the teen would apologize after he had a panic attack of any kind. “Don’t be sorry Peter.”
As Tony suspected, Clint would probably be the one to barge into the living room and be as loud as possible. “I’M BACK!” Clint yelled as he walked in. Natasha had walked in slightly before him.
“Maybe, what’s it to you?”
“A little, yeah.” He didn’t miss the look of disbelief on Nat’s face, but to be frank, at this point he didn’t really care if they believed him or not. “Sorry if I freaked you out,” he said softly. Nat gave him a small smile.
Peter picked up his pencil again and began to write. ‘I’m stupid. I broke my promise again. I know that if I tell Tony or the others...that they’ll be mad at me. They’ll be upset that I relapsed again. If I tell them, I may as well dig my own grave. I keep breaking their promise...and I’m mad at myself for that…’
*Flashback*
“F-Friday?”
“What are we going to do with him, Tony?” Clint asked.
“Thanks,” The teen said. Tony’s eyes softened.
“Don’t be sorry. You have nothing to apologize for,” Tony said softly.
Short Time Skip
“Wh’re? W’at ‘appned?” The teen’s words slurred with grogginess. Tony opened his mouth to explain, but before he could even utter a single word, Peter was already hyperventilating again. Eyes wide with pain, fear, and hurt.
“Yeah. I’m fine.”
“I’m sorry. I don’t know-”
“I was trying to help someone from making the same damn mistake I did,” I snapped. Tony looked minorly surprised. “Sorry if that was inconvenient for you.”
Peter
As if the night before didn’t happen, Peter went to school the next day. No one said anything to him. As always, Flash decided to be an utter asshole for no reason whatsoever, then the fact that he just hated Peter for some ungodly reason.
“Bruce…?”
“Calm down Peter, you have to breathe. Breathing is fun.”
‘Nothing’
“Bruce, sit with him. I’ve got some things to take care of.” With that, Tony left the room.
“Hey, Peter. You feeling okay?” She asked concern slipping into her voice.
I wanted to tell them what was happening, but I could only get out a high-pitched whine. I felt hot tears sliding down my cheeks. Bruce looked away from me, probably to talk to Steve and Tony.
Everyone could feel Peter’s anguish and fear. He was, after all, only seventeen years old.
“You are making sense,” Bruce argued. “Just tell me what comes to mind.”
Peter bent over the girl, an array of emotions ran through him. “Oh my god…” He whispered brokenly. His hands shaking, his mind a mess, Peter left the scene, not wanting to think about it anymore. He swung furiously to the Stark tower, went through his open window, ran to the bathroom and ended up on the floor by the toilet throwing up. He couldn’t get the image out of his mind.
‘Can’t breathe, can’t think, can’t move. Can’t breathe, can’t think, can’t move.’ I could feel my hands shaking. I could hear my breaths coming in wheezing pants. Then, instantly, nothing. A small prick in my arm. I felt nothing. I heard nothing. I saw nothing. I was welcomed to a deep black abyss. No longer feeling, hearing, seeing. Nothing.
Tony was rendered speechless out of pure rage. Bruce looked about ready to hulk out. “How long?” Was his only question.
“But...I feel like I should be happy...I feel like I should be relieved...but I’m not!”
“Why am I like this?” Peter whispered. “Why am I so messed up?” Peter sniffed. Sam frowned softly.
“Oh? And what’s that?”
‘It’s been a rough few months. I’m nowhere near being close to what I was before all this happened. I’m never going to be there again. I’m always going to have mental issues. But, I know I don’t have to go through it alone. I’m always going to have someone. Whether that be Tony, Steve, Tasha, Clint, Bruce, Sam, or Rhodey. Sometimes it was a good thing, having all these people to care about you. But, sometimes it can be overwhelming.’
“I was helping someone…”
“Protocol canceled.” The AI said.
“Pete-”
“Sure..,” Peter said.
Peter
“It’s not your fault Peter. You know you can’t save everyone.”
“Oh, hey Pete. When did you get up?” Tony asked. Peter gazed at him.
Trying to keep up with Peter's depression and making sure I include the characters and keeping up with Tony and Steve's relationship is slightly harder than I thought it would be. Buutttt I'm actually liking this one. I hope you all like reading it as much as I enjoy writing it.
Peter threw his phone on the bedside table with an exasperated, angry sounding sigh. He was tired of feeling like crying all the time.
Tony contacted the mental hospital/prison May was sent to. He made it clearer than crystal that she was not to have any contact with Peter.
I stopped writing due to hearing my phone ring. I unplugged it from the charger. It was an unknown number, so I ignored it. Declining the call and placing my phone back on the table, I sat on my bed. About a minute later, my phone rang again. It was the same unknown number. After the third ring, I decided to pick up. “Hello…?” I asked hesitantly.
Thor didn’t know Peter all that well, but when the god of thunder was on earth, the two got along very well.
Not a chapter, please read though.
“I promise..” Peter whispered softly.
“Enough you two,” Steve said with a laugh.
Then, the teen had the bad days. Usually Peter was in a bad mood. He would still sit through school, knowing that he couldn’t miss. He was tolerable of everything, but was sometimes passive aggressive about it.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
“That’s okay, we can just sit here. What about that assignment I gave you?”
Well, I hope you liked the heartfelt ending. I really tried. It was also a pain in my butt because my mom's laptop was being ridiculously slow with everything and it was hard to get it uploaded from my drive. And because I had to give my actual school computer back because it was the end of the school year. I also kept writing scenes and then thinking they were trash, so for a while it was just writing scenes and deleting them and then re-writing them. Over and over again. I know it's by no means the best, but...I still hope you enjoyed it.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
“Don’t worry about it Pete,” Tony said rubbing his now aching head. “That must have been one hell of a nightmare.”
My life was beginning to settle. I had Tony, Steve, Sam, Clint, Rhodey, Bruce, and Tasha with me. No matter how hard, how bad it got, they stayed by my side. May hasn’t tried to contact me. I was thankful, but a part of me still missed her. I know...it seems weird...crazy even, they I would miss the person who made my life so miserable. Flash and I made amends. We still weren’t the best of friends, but we were friends now. He said sorry, I found it in my heart to forgive him.
“There, see. Now I know you and you know me.”
“What?”
“Let me help you...please?”
Queens police were called and May was arrested. Everything would be settled out in the morning. Bruce, who followed Tony, ran in. He knelt down to Peter, grabbed out a syringe and then all was silent.
Burden
“Yeah…” I let my words trail off. It was quiet for a minute.
Peter and Clint were best friends. They would prank together, laugh, be happy. Nothing could tear those two apart. They were inseparable mischief makers.
The next three days went by smoothly for Peter. Well, as smooth as they could go for someone with a terrible case of depression and anxiety and everything else that could be wrong, he did often, find himself thinking about the girl. He truly wanted to save her...but he found himself frozen...unable to do his job. Tony didn’t seem mad at all, and in fact, he actually called the school to yell at the principal on Peter’s behalf. Everyone tried to keep up a light mood for Peter. They could see through the mask he was putting on.
I sat with the others in the living room. It was finally the weekend and I was exhausted. Mentally and physically. I was trying to remember to write negative thoughts down, but with everything going on it was hard. I grabbed my notebook from the table beside me.
Steve looked at me. “Yes, but not in the way you think. Do you want them to be here?”
I knew I was doing good at distracting her, but that wasn’t enough. I needed to get her to come off the ledge. “So, are you going to let me help you?”
“Just a kid at school. He…” Peter broke off. “He kept telling me that...that...no one…” Peter took a deep breath. He didn’t think it would be this hard, to tell the truth. “That no one really wants me around and stuff,” Peter finally admitted. Bruce frowned, looking a little green. Peter, not knowing any better, thought Bruce was mad at him. “I’m sorry…”
He is tired of all this farce; he has work to do and a mess to fix thanks to Rogers.
¾he stressed that part¾ their way to Tony’s house.
And now it was Steve and Barnes, both of them hitting and breaking…hearing the same line time after time.
Steve won’t forgive himself if he is the cause of one of his lover’s night terrors.
Laura Barton have received a lot of calls in her life, some of them good and the rest from Clint assuring her that he was still alive. So when he told her that he couldn’t go with the kids and had to help Cap, Laura accepted it even if she didn’t approve it.
“My mom played the piano, she was a prodigious without doubt, she played for me when I had nightmares, also when she was happy or I’d bugged her enough to play for me” he said with a small smile and subdued tone, “She also taught me how to play, I was not as good as her but well…I loved her and I hate that I couldn’t tell her that before her death…she deserved to feel loved, I wish that that day I stopped her from going with Howard and I hate myself for that too”
Tony could tell Aunt Peggy about the Accords and asked Jarvis if he did the right thing supporting them, he could tell his mother about how much he desired that the things didn’t end like that how much he regretted that it cost them their team. He could have shared in a whisper, like he used to do as a kid, that he wanted them to be a family with Anna.
Bucky was the one who opened the door and glared at Tony for some confusing seconds, he had an expression to wanting to say something and not knowing how to say it. Tony learnt with time that it was easier to wait for Barnes to speak than doing it before him.
“You know, Hank (the guy that invented my suit) told me to never trust a Stark” Scott begun in apropos of nothing, “But I know Stark’s work, y’know, in my sting as thief I had never encounter better security than his, only with the suit I was able to pass some of the more difficult defenses of the A-Complex, so if he was really involved in the RAFT thing, why Steve was able to free us”
There was Anna Jarvis with her warm hugs and delicious meals, she was the one that taught him to cook even if Tony didn’t have the patience for it and most of the time he burned the food. She also taught him about kindness and forgiveness, though the last one Tony had a lot of difficulties with. Anna was perfect in a way that it was comforting; her definition of perfection didn’t have the pressure that Howard’s had. For Anna he was her perfect little gentleman.
He shouted and shouted and shouted.
“You have already made peace with…”
So he keeps the phone with him all the time since he sent the package, Steve won’t forgive himself if Tony calls and he doesn’t answer.
“Tony, we lost.”
“Where did you find the kid?” Natasha asks watching the ‘kid’ amused.
“Of course I will notice that you left Tony, why not if in these months you become more a friend than a employee, that you took care for me…and I know that this is terrible unprofessional but since it seem that you won’t be working for me anymore. How could I not notice that you left, when I always do is looking for you, that I miss you when you are not by my side, that I fell for you without noticing, so hard that is ridiculous”
“No, sir” Tony said a little confused, “it’s amusing, actually”
with you, Tony”
But just like every good in his life he had to go and ruin it.
“Tony” Steve’s smile was breathtaking like all the smiles the man always gave to Tony, “You too mister”
He missed his friend, but Steve didn’t know if Tony was still the same man that Steve was friend of.
Just a he frees himself Stevie is returned to him, he accommodates the boy the best he can and that wins him a breathtaking smile from the little guy. One that is and isn’t similar to Steve’s, this is full of innocent intend and unadulterated affection; the adult’s one still has the unadulterated affection but it is more jaded, with a hint of wariness that this hasn’t.
It could be that they can finally talk. He closes the door and doesn’t waste a moment to check the message.
Peter hated gym class. He might have been Spiderman, but Peter Parker was not strong. Peter Parker was a punny whimp that couldn’t do anything right. So Peter had to play that part. While they were doing their usual jogging, Flash sought it nice to push Peter as hard as he could. The teen fell to the ground with an almost sickening ‘crunch’ and slid about four feet. Flash was laughing.
“Pe-”
Peter let his head rest against the cool porcelain. He shivered and slowly got to his feet, turned the water on, and grabbed a t-shirt and sweatpants. Peter took the suit off and stepped into the hot water, letting loose a sigh as the water helped soothe his aching muscles. He grabbed his razor blade. ‘It’s all your fault’ his mind yelled at him. ‘You let him get away!’
Peter nodded. Rhodey handed the teen some chocolate. “Just a little trick I picked up. It’ll make you feel a little better,” Rhodey said. Peter took a small bite. He already started feeling a little better. His cheeks had dry tear streaks down them. His eyes were red and puffy from crying. His whole body was still shaking hard.
“Tony,” Peter said.
“Peter it’s okay. Calm down.” Now she wanted him to calm down?? No fucking way that was happening. Peter’s thoughts were running about a mile an hour. His whole body was shaking. He squeezed his eyes shut and whimpered softly.
Peter sank to his knees. He hated those voices, with a burning passion. He wanted them to go away.
“Tony, I’m fine. You don’t have to baby me,” Peter said softly as Tony walked in behind him.
Bruce let me leave the medbay, saying that the only reason I was there was that it was easier to keep an eye on me. Whatever Bruce had me on was strong enough to last even through my metabolism, though, there was still the slightly painful ache.
“Yes.”
“Don’t be. It’s perfectly okay for you to yell. You can pour your heart out, you can yell, you can scream, you can cry, I don’t really care how, but you can’t keep bottling things up like you do. Because instead of helping, it’s just going to make things worse.”
Tony laughed. Peter let himself laugh as well. Peter hopped off of Steve’s back. Tony walked in front of Steve and wrapped his arms around Steve’s neck. “I should have known you were behind this,” Steve said.
“Yes! Because of your dumbass, I got in trouble. They think it’s my fault you tried to kill yourself. And to be frank, I wish you would have succeeded.”
‘They are gonna be mad at you.’
“F-Flash...F-Flash Thompson…” Peter cursed himself for stuttering so heavily.
The teen sighed as poked around at his cereal. He was hungry but didn’t feel like eating. Peter knew that today was going to be a bad day, the teen just didn’t think it’d be this bad. Peter felt like crying, but he didn’t. Peter rinsed his bowl and put it in the sink. Peter went back to his room, laid on his bed, and took his phone from the floor where he left it. He hadn’t gotten any more calls, so he assumed May got the memo. He wasn’t even sure how she contacted him again.
The teen woke up and walked to the lounge room. He heard the news playing. “Madison Lyons was found dead in an alley earlier this morning. The kidnapped girl was raped and then shot. More information about her coming soon,” The reporter said. Peter felt his breathing quicken. His hands began to shake as he walked in. Another reporter was at the scene. There was a headline. ‘Where is Spiderman?’ “Why wasn’t she saved like so many others? Where was the vigilante when she needed him like so many others?”
‘Finally decided to join us, eh Parker? See you in gym class, loser.’ Peter could hear the snarky way Flash wrote that. Even though it was on paper. Peter sighed, crumbled the paper and held onto it until class was over, he then dropped it in the trashcan.
“Clint picked out The Lion King,” Tony said.
“Who’s ready for dinner?” Clint asked rather loudly. There was a chorus of ‘me’. Peter was the last person to sit at the table. Peter pushed his food around his plate with his fork. The teen found himself not hungry. He often found himself in this position. Not feeling hungry, but knowing that he needs to eat, knowing that he’d only upset Tony more if he didn’t.
“I’m sorry.”
Peter shot up, he felt wetness on his face only to realize he was crying. Steve and Tony’s worried face over his own.
THIS CHAPTER HAS A VERY DARK THEME. SUICIDE ATTEMPT IN THIS CHAPTER! READ AT YOUR OWN RISK! IF THIS TRIGGERS YOU, PLEASE DON'T READ!
When Tony sat down to talk to Peter about going to a psychiatrist, he expected Peter to be upset. And upset the teen was.
“Don’t apologize Peter. It is not your fault,” Tony said. Peter once again, broke. Completely this time. He began to mutter ‘I’m sorry’ through sobs as he was pulled into a hug by Tony, who spoke softly trying to quell the teen’s fears.
Peter sat in his room working on his homework. His Aunt May hadn’t attempted to contact him since that last time. Peter had changed his number.
Bruce and Peter were very close. Along with Tony, they were the science trio. The three of them practically lived for science. Bruce liked it that Peter felt safe enough to talk to him about his problems. Bruce never thought that Peter would be so close. He honestly thought Peter might have been a little frightened because Bruce turns into a big, green monster when rageful. But, Peter was never frightened.
They sat in silence for another few minutes before Peter spoke again, “It’s just…” The teen paused, “it’s hard sometimes. You know…?” Peter’s mood switched. He sounded somber. “It’s really, really hard to go through the motions of everyday life when everything is just falling apart.”
I answered this time. “Where the hell have you been? Do you realize how worried I was when you weren’t in your room this morning? When Friday said you weren’t even in the compound!?”
“Woah, Woah. Take it easy kiddo,” Tony said as he gently pushed Peter back down. “Bruce said that you would probably be dizzy after you woke up.” The comment wasn’t necessary, but Tony said it anyway. “So...how are you feeling?”
Peter didn’t sound so sure. They fell into a welcomed silence. The silence allowed his thoughts to come back. Before Peter could stop himself, he spoke. “Have you ever wondered what it would be like to just let go?”
“Peter. Don’t do that to yourself,” Bruce said softly. I looked at Bruce. The emotions I felt were overwhelming. I knew I’d gone back on my word. Why was he so calm about this? How could he be so calm about this?
OKAY, SO THERE IS MENTIONS OF RAPE IN THIS. IT ISN'T VERY DESCRIPTIVE BUT THERE IS A SCENE. Don't worry though...it isn't Peter. ALSO IF YOU ARE TRIGGERED BY ANYTHING IN THIS CHAPTER....PLEASE DON'T READ.
Then he heard it. A blood-curdling scream. Peter followed the sound and soon came to an alleyway. There was a dark figure over a girl who was on the ground. She was whimpering, it didn’t take long for Peter to realize what was happening. His eyes widened in horror as he yelled at the man, “get away from her!”
“Hi,” Peter said.
Peter’s stomach growled as he made his way to the kitchen. Peter grabbed his cereal, looking at the clock, it was only about 9 o’clock. Peter took out his bowl from the cabinet and put some cereal in it. He grabbed the milk out of the fridge and poured a little in. The teen sat at the table and munched on his cereal. No one was in the living room.
Bruce narrowed his eyes at Peter. “Hypothetically...I’d probably go to someone I trusted would help. Peter is something going on that you aren’t telling me?”
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
“Why do you want to help me?”
“It’s fine...I just wish you would have told me and I’m sorry I freaked out, but I didn’t know where you were or if you were coming back or-”
“Okay. I’ll be down in a minute.” Tony left the room. I was once again alone. I opened my notebook and wrote down a few more things.
“Mmm. So, did Peter ever come back home?”
“You don’t have to tell me. It’s okay,” I told her. She gave me a sad, teary smile.
“Yeah Pete?” Tony shot back as he put the finishing touches on their project.
“Peter, why on earth would you want to go back there!?” Tony yelled.
“Is this Peter?” The person, who sounded oddly familiar, asked.
“Peter. You are a good kid. But this was the last straw. This is the seventh time in these past couple weeks that you’ve gotten in a fight with Eugene. I know you’ve been through a lot, but you cannot be going around starting fights.” Peter looked at him. Eyes wide and disbelieving.
* Useless
Now, they all sat around the table eating Steve’s homemade tater tot casserole. Laughing and smiling all the way. That was the first night in a long time that Peter let himself be truly happy, that he felt truly happy. The Avengers were Peter’s family now, and the teenager would never go back to the way he was living before.
“Peter...Peter wake up!” came a worried voice. Peter’s eyes snapped to open, fear evident in the wide, brown twin pools. Peter’s senses were still screaming at him to move, to leave the room, to do anything to get away from Tony. Peter sat there wide-eyed, shaking hard. He let loose a panicked, high pitched whine. He seemed to not know where he was. When Tony tried to place a hand on Peter’s shoulder, the teen began to panic more. Peter shrunk in on himself, closing off his emotions as he stared down at his hands like they were the most interesting thing on the planet.
about Wanda?”
Steve’s fingers brush against the bare skin of his back, having slipped up under his untucked shirt. They press into his skin purposefully, Tony knows he’ll have bruises there tomorrow. Steve’s gift to him is always bruises.
be easy. Steve’s eyes widen as he opens the door to Tony’s bedroom and sees Tony standing in front of him in a crimson Speedo.
“Oh, yeah,” Steve’s smiling, he can hear it in his voice. “Yeah, Ma would let me out for twenty minutes at a time – you know, the cold was bad for my lungs, but my allergies were better when it snowed. Buck and I -,” Steve pauses, breathing in deeply, preparing himself for a tirade from Tony – but nothing comes from the other man. “Tony?”
He catches a woman as she falls in front of him, the phone clattering against the concrete. Tony helps her upright, but she pushes him aside the moment she’s back on her feet.
“It is taking us hours just to get to the top of the cliff,” Steve complains, grabbing Tony’s hand and pulling him to his feet when Tony reaches up and silently requests assistance. “You keep stopping.”
“Tony…” Steve can’t get another word out, because Tony is kissing him again – kissing him, and beating his chest with his fists.
“You probably should have done that in Siberia.” Tony’s voice is flat, words clipped – he should hang up, but he can’t.
“Keep the ring?” Steve asks again, his voice low.
“Tony,” Steve breathes, his hand trembling against Tony’s bicep.
Tony will boldly reach between them and unzip Steve’s jeans, touch greedy, and then he’ll pause. Steve will watch as Tony’s tongue darts out over his bottom lip, his mouth suddenly dry.
Tony’s hands drop away from Steve’s neck, the warmth of the other man’s body fades in an instant – cold air that whistles in his ears, and then immense, unspeakable pain as his body hits the rock below. And then nothing.
Steve could tease him, could say
Steve laughs, wishing he didn’t blush so easily at Tony’s cavalier attitude towards sex.
Steve sits next to him at the counter, pouring Tony a mug of coffee, which the other man begins to drink the minute Steve pulls the carafe away.
Tony shakes his head now, and there are more tears trickling from his eyes, Steve does his best to wipe them away. “Hate them.”
“No, no. Absolutely not. I’m not getting on one of those things with
She’s right — maybe — but what if she isn’t? What if Steve laughs when he asks?
“Mr. Stark?” One of Thaddeus Ross’ young, fresh faced, terrified interns is standing at his shoulder. “It’s time for the ratification process. Secretary Ross wants you to attend.”
Tony gets to his feet, and all of the hair collected on the towel falls to the tile floor. Steve groans, running a hand over his face. He’ll have to dig the vacuum cleaner out of the closet. It will take forever to vacuum up every strand, the vacuum was ancient and struggled to suck up anything at all.
“No, we’re not. I mean really talk, Tony. I want to explain.”
Tony’s grin will be eager.
“I’m not going to lie, it was touch and go there for a bit – he had a pretty nasty skull fracture, but we’ve put in a plate… Lots of internal lacerations, do you, uh, happen to know what they used as a weapon?”
“I’m looking for an ice pack,” Tony snaps, moving away from him. He reminds Steve of an injured wild dog, his teeth barred, hackles rising. Don’t touch me, his body language screams – but Tony’s eyes focus on Steve’s lips for a moment, and Steve watches as Tony crosses his arms defensively over his chest. Touch me, his eyes had said.
“I’m sorry.” Steve’s eyes meet his, and his apology seems genuine, but it doesn’t make Tony feel much better.
Tony wakes with a gasp as the reactor snaps into place, brown eyes widening.
But not as terrible as Steve’s eyes, so dark that he could hardly make out the blue. Not as terrible as the thin line of Steve’s lips, pressed together so tightly they were almost blanched white. Not as terrible as the glint of Siberia’s bright white, snowy light catching on the front of Steve’s shield – its surface scoured with burn marks, scratches, Tony’s own blood. Steve had wrenched the helmet off of his head effortlessly, and Tony had stared up into his eyes, paralyzed. How could this be the very same man who had said his name so lowly, his lips brushing down Tony’s neck, across his shoulders, down his chest?
“It’s time for your haircut appointment, Mr. Stark,” Steve says seriously, wanting Tony to crack a grin – the far away look in his eyes is scary, like he’s back on Titan. Steve knows Tony has nightmares, he can hear him sometimes in the night – sometimes it’s screams, sometimes it’s sobs. Whenever Steve goes to his door and knocks, Tony haltingly tells him that he’s fine, that he’s sorry that he woke Steve up. Tony has a prescription for sleeping pills, which he rarely takes, telling Steve that they make the nightmares worse – and harder to wake up from.
Tony climbs the steps to the apartment, leaning against the half-wall that surrounded the stoop. He swallows and rubs his hand through his hair as Steve takes off down the road. He is jumpy, it’s true – because his lack of sleep has given him a crazy idea, one that he’s afraid to ask Steve for permission to complete.
“I’m Dr. Rodriguez, I was lead trauma surgeon on your – friend, Tony Stark. He’s in recovery now, coming up from anesthesia. Our visiting hours have ended, but… I can probably get you in when we go to move him, just for a minute.”
“For sex,” Tony says flatly. “Is that not obvious? How do I get it through your thick skull, Steve? I come to you for sex, that’s all.”
“I’m sorry, Tony – I love you.”
He wants to say something, wants to request a song from Tony, wants to let him know that he’d give anything to hear him play – instead, he stays silent, and hopes.
Steve pauses, “I — In all honesty, no. He achieved what he set out to do. The Infinity Stones are gone — he destroyed them.”
Grabbing the half empty bottle of vodka, Tony leaves the living room,
“Kid,” Tony rasps out, managing to wrap his hand around Peter’s wrist.
Tony leans forward more, the steering wheel pressing against his sore chest. Steve has a beard, much darker than the hair on his head, it makes him look different. More intimidating, older, more dangerous.
“I’m not going to eat a chocolate croissant naked,” Tony replies, his back still to Steve, though Steve’s jacket drops to the floor beside his feet – and then Tony’s shirt, and his trousers. “Crumbs will get everywhere. This is as far as I’ll go.”
“He had a bad night – this is the first time he’s slept since I got here. I think they had to give him something – he won’t… He thought he was on Titan for a bit – wouldn’t stop screaming.” Pepper sniffles slightly, rubbing at her eyes. “It was terrible.”
“You didn’t.” Tony snaps, and Peter recoils slightly at his rage.
Plus, the longer they walk, the more frustrated Steve will become – and Tony is eager to be on the receiving end of a sexually-frustrated Captain America.
Eventually, he had dragged himself from Steve’s bed, nursing a hangover from the night before. Christmas Eve had been spent finishing one of Natasha’s bottles of vodka that she kept hidden in her room, not really watching
right. So am I wrong, is that what you’re trying to tell me? Am I wrong for wanting to keep the Avengers together? Because this is the only way we keep the Avengers together, I’m not exaggerating. This is the beginning of something much bigger than us – and your stupid inability to let me be right, for once!”
There’s a hand on his shoulder, freckled skin, waves of copper hair. Vanilla, floral notes –
“How can you say that when you left me for dead in Siberia? Really, Steve, how can those words physically form in your mouth when you know that you were a thought away from beheading me? We both know it.”
Now, there’s another fantasy.
“I did. Tell you what, I’ll make dinner.”
Tony lapses into silence, his eyebrows furrowed, eyes narrowed as he concentrates. Steve stays silent, not wanting to interrupt Tony as he thinks – he can picture a file cabinet in Tony’s brain, filled to the brim with yellowed recipe cards, the neat script of Maria Stark flowing over them.
He smiles, glancing at Steve shyly.
“I’m sorry, Tony,” Steve murmurs, shaking his head. “I have to. I’ll be with you, I promise. I should call an ambulance.”
“I’m going to stop you from killing Howard and Maria Stark,” Steve says simply, resting on a bed that is far too big for one person – before he falls asleep, he can lean over and press his face against Tony’s pillow, and smell his shampoo. But it’s fading.
There’s a pause as Tony collects his thoughts, idly rubbing the edge of the reactor casing through his hospital gown.
Tony slowly pushes himself onto his feet, staggering into the ropes, his knees going weak. “I think I’m concussed.”
“There’s a…” Tony looks down at their feet, “I’ve never not led before – this is weird – jazz club down the street. I didn’t think anyone would be playing this early.”
“You love him.”
He moves to the small table and two chairs by the open windows, tilting his head as he catches a few notes of music on the breeze, his eyes closing.
“Stop doing that! Jesus, stop!”
“There are a lot of things about this that are unclear,” Tony retorts. “But we’re not talking about it, are we?”
“But it’s not me.”
“It’s noon!”
The last time Steve had been in Paris, it had been occupied by the Nazis. The streets had been dark, the people had kept their apprehensive eyes fixed on their feet, and Steve had only stayed in the city overnight before moving on. He hadn’t even seen the Eiffel Tower. Today, though, he had made up for lost time – the view from the top of the Eiffel Tower had been stunning, but he would much rather have been standing there with Tony beside him. The Louvre had been even better, Steve had only left because he needed to make his way to the restaurant where he was to meet Tony.
Tony will look at him shyly, his brown eyes warm.
And yet, Steve’s bright blue eyes are earnest, and aside from his arms crossed over his chest, his body language is mostly open.
“Not really,” Tony is staring down at his own hands again, not looking at Steve – intentionally not looking at Steve. “I have a big meeting tomorrow. Christ, it’s a big meeting.”
“Tony, wait,” Steve rubs at his ear, the skin red – he reaches out with his other hand, his fingers brushing against Tony’s back as he hurries to the front door. “No, Tony, don’t go.”
Vision – well, he had made some sort of weak lie, that he was visiting Europe for the holidays. Tony had nearly choked, laughing with a mouthful of coffee, because Vision sounded nearly the same as he did when he was making excuses to see Steve.
Tony laughs, gasps, sobs – he’s not sure, the sound is terrible.
“Heeeeeey, Steve….” Tony sounds different – Steve had heard him drunk more times than he had heard him sober, and while he’s slurring his words, Steve doesn’t think that alcohol is entirely to blame. The timbre of his voice is different, too, deeper – like Tony’s aged. Like he’s five years older than when he had last spoken to Steve.
“Steve.” Bucky reaches up to run a hand over his stubbled jaw.
“Well, I kinda – confined her to the compound.” Steve’s blue eyes light up with fury, and Tony feels the explosion tear him apart.
“Tony, breathe.” Steve rests his forehead against his front door, keys to his motorcycle dangling from his hand. “Breathe, sweetheart. I’m here, I promise. But I need you to tell me a street, okay?”
Steve’s jaw works. “I – Fine. Fine. I didn’t tell you because I knew that you would try to get revenge. You would pour every ounce of energy into finding Bucky, and then you would kill him. Because he killed your mother.”
“Christ, Tony – When did you… Why did you…?”
“Guess I’ve never been hit that hard before,” Steve says, his eyes on Tony. The other man stands so stock-still, so tense, Steve wants to draw him – but he doesn’t think he’d do it justice, how could someone be so tense?
“Who punched you in the face? Ribs too?”
The shield had crunched into the chest of his suit, had shattered the glass front of the reactor, and then the reactor itself. Shards of glass had made their way through the neoprene undersuit Tony wore, had sliced into his skin, sunk into his bones. His custom-made sternum had shattered like sugar work.
“The kid said no, then?” Steve is surprised by that – Tony had been so excited to offer Peter a spot on the Avengers roster, he had made the kid his own suit.
Tony nips the inside of his thigh, and then his kisses start to stray higher as Steve picks up the phone.
“Alright, my turn,” Tony replies, reaching up to pull Steve’s jacket off of his shoulders, the duffel bag landing heavily on his foot. Steve catches his wrist, pulling his hand away from his chest.
“I said leave — fucking leave, get out of here!” Tony reaches behind him to grab his pillow, ready to heave it at Steve’s head, but Steve is already retreating.
“No I wouldn’t,” Tony says, clearing his throat. “I hate children.”
Tony’s hands grab at Steve’s wrist where it’s plunged beneath his briefs, fingers stroking over the juts of his wrist bones. He’s breathless and hot and feels incredible. Steve gently eases his soiled underwear down his thighs, fingers brushing along the insides of them, listening to Tony murmur his name.
Steve thinks of the ring box in his right pocket, he bought it shortly after the last time he’d seen Tony in Paris. It had caught his eye in a window as he had walked down the street in search of breakfast – the ring was subtle, a beaten silver band. He had bought it on a whim, imagining it on Tony’s left hand. It’s Tony’s birthday gift, and he’ll give it to him before the other man leaves – but he has to find the right time.
“What do you mean?” Steve jabs the button for the elevator, waiting for the doors to slide open.
Another jarring hit, painful this time.
, 1991 – he’ll go insane.
“It’s hanging up in the locker room,” Steve says, his fingers brushing through Tony’s dark curls, blue eyes meeting brown. “Come back to bed.”
“Bucky – he – I had to… Back in the ice. Until we can undo what they did to him.”
Tony gets up from the table, reaching into his other pocket to pull out the worn leather pen case. He slides his father’s pen inside, looking down at the matching pen resting in the velvet beside it.
“Where are we going?” Steve asks as they step out of the elevator and into the lobby, Tony’s hand falling away from his.
Steve is already on his feet, moving towards the door, every muscle in his body tense.
“I’m feeling better,” Tony says gruffly, turning his back on Steve and hitting the bag with a hook.
Tony turns back to face him, grinning. “That’s right, I am. I expect you to say nothing but that for the next twenty four hours.”
Over Tony’s right shoulder, an imagined mini Natasha Romanoff (wearing devil’s horns, of course) is cheering wildly.
“Bet he shoved her off the edge,” Tony says cheerfully, and Steve shoots him a look. Tony’s expression grows solemn, “Don’t worry, Steve, I won’t shove you off of the edge. Promise.”
“Why?” Steve sounds so lost, even as Tony starts putting the vials into the other man’s pockets. Steve won’t know what to do with them, but maybe Bruce will – or Peter, if they get him back…
“Tony?”
Tony’s suit is crumpled on the floor, and Steve wonders if he had left the compound in his shorts and tank top – if he had fled from the very idea of kissing Steve with such desperation that he had left behind a no doubt incredibly expensive bespoke suit. He picks it up off the floor, slinging the trousers over his arm, moving to one of the lockers to find a hanger. Tony’s car keys spill out of the pocket of his trousers, jangling on the floor, and Steve can’t help but smile again. So, Tony was still here – good, they’d have to talk. Tony’s cologne wafts off of the suit as Steve hangs it up in the locker, and he finds himself leaning towards it, breathing in the scent deeply. Tony’s fingers had curled against his back, bunching the fabric of his tank top in his hand, Steve had felt blunt fingernails digging through the fabric and into his skin. He blushes, pulling away from the suit, shaking his head in an effort to clear it. He ought to find Tony, he decides, leaning down to pick up his keys. Just to give him his keys, nothing more than that.
“Yeah must be an animal or something”
After that the walked in silence for a bit Tony pointed to a rundown looking motel nestled in the trees about a mile down the road. “There it is hotel el haunted.”
sorry that this had happened to them. “it's alright sir” Steve had responded “neither of us was badly hurt.”
After putting on everything but their helmets the pair of them were ready to head out into the hallway and hopefully make it to the air lock without trouble.
“In the 60s there was a fire it killed a few of the guests and then another fire in the 90s that took my son.” The man replied while looking for ingredients for the sauce he had already stared the noodles
Tony could feel Steve’s holding him close and as he looked at Steve’s eyes he wondered why he was here in the first place.
Steve got up still shaking and walked over to the door “no,no, no, this is not happening” and prepared to break it down but when he got close to it, he was thrown across the room and into the bed.
“I told you we needed to go” Steve groaned as he pulled himself off the bed, just as the curtains burst into flames the fire is quickly consuming the room and the rush into the bath room and turn on the tap and tub faucet tony get two washcloths wet and hands one to Steve and holds the other up to his mouth and nose to help with smoke inhalation.
“Fine,” Tony said with an eye roll, “if you wanted me to do that you didn’t need to make a bet it’ll take me like one afternoon.”
With that Tony threaded the needle, poured a little of the rubbing alcohol from the kit on the wound and stuck the needle into the skin around the first tooth mark like he’d seen the SHIELD agents do on him before. When he was done he didn’t think it looked too bad for a first try. Hopefully the medics would forgive him when they saw his handy work.
Tony groaned “The gage must be broken were probably going to run out soon.”
“it’s alright it happened a long time ago, after that my wife was overwhelmed with grief and she passed away a couple years later, and then the hotel got away from me. It was never quite the same after the fires. Strange things started happening to guests who come to stay the night.” He said with a sad face.
The old man still look confused reached under the table for keys. Before he gave them the keys he said “that will be 45 a room.”
“well I also heard someone say my name”
“If you two are done complimenting each other you can go change we’ll be back to the carrier in thirty minuets.”A Shield Agent told them.
Tony and Steve stood on the deck of a SHIELD issued boat, getting ready for a dive down to a Hydra base under the Atlantic Ocean. Steve questioned once again why he came on this mission in the first place after all he had no love for the frigid water that lay below the boat but when he heard Tony say he was going on this mission he automatically volunteered to go with just in case tony needed any insistence down there.
“That’s the spirit there.”
Steve followed him of the side of the boat and although they’d done tons of training the water always came as a shock to him. The pure coldness of it and that helpless feeling he always got following it. The plane hitting the ice flashed in his head and he tried to shake off the panic closing in. He heard Tony saying something and he snapped out of it.
Tony and Steve followed him down a hallway next to the front desk into a room with large windows covering one of the walls. The room would have been quite marvelous if not for the layer of dust covering all the tables.
“Just swim Steve”
“You’re so warm.”Steve whispered
“Never that’s why we’re definitely going to go wonder the halls tonight.”
Tony went to grab his credit card out of his wallet but after a quick glance at the counter but noticing no computers he grabbed some cash instead to pay the man. “Keep the change.” he said. Then scooped the two keys of the counter and started walking towards the grand staircase.
“Steve it’s gaining we better split up”
“yeah you know just in case there's a serial killer out there.”
“Sit down and stay awhile” Tony said as he motioned to the chair opposite him. Steve sunk into the chair and dished himself out some of the pasta and sauce. “I saw you didn’t like those ghost stories too much.” Tony said with a half smirk.
“This isn’t your fault none of this is your fault Steve there’s no one I would rather be trapped here in this base with and not just because you’re a super strong and handsome guy.”
“You couldn’t catch me.”
“Hey don’t judge Tony it’s just that ghosts have always scared me. If I start seeing them I feel like I’ll never stop and there are so many ghosts in my life.” Steve said with a sigh.
“Really Cap, you were the real hero the way you took out those soldiers with a hurt shoulder that was crazy.”
“I didn’t” Steve protested as he followed Tony back out to a table near the middle of the big window.
“You would have liked that then you wouldn’t be trapped down here with me.”
Tony said as he leaned to look over at the gage.
They followed the man all the way back into the kitchen. “That room used to be the crown jewel of this hotel always filled with guests.”
“Night Cap, they said the car would be here around 8 tomorrow so see you then.”
“Tony, we can’t get back out of here, we’re going to get caught.”
“I understand Tony you were just doing what you needed to keep me alive. You wouldn’t have done it unless you had to.” Steve said with the smallest bit of sadness in his voice.
“You can still back out there’s plenty of capable agents here to take your place.”
“Uh huh sure”
“Man speed healing must be nice, well just let me know if we need to stop more often I know all this swimming must hurt it.”
After looking around their room a bit more he found a couple of suits hanging on the back wall behind some old lab coats and hazmat suits.
“It’s the Bates Motel.”
Tony walked over shook Steve “Steve there’s something in the walls”
“isn't this what that old man told us not to do?” Tony said as they stepped out of Steve’s room.
“When was the last time you saw a ghost?”
“Aww yes I always love getting stuck in the middle of nowhere and staying at sketchy hotels.”
When all three of them were outside watching the building burn the old man turned to tony and Steve and thanked them for saving his life and that he was very
“Doesn’t matter I’m still shocked every time.” Tony said.
“We should go look if they have anything to eat here I’m starving. It’s not like we have anything to unpack.”
Steve looked a little pale at the stories since seeing spirits wasn’t an uncommon occurrence in the 1940s there are always ghosts left behind with all that death.
“Alright if we see anything unexplainable or ghost like happen tonight you’ll upgrade my bike to drive to me when I call it.”
“I don’t like you not having two full ones but your plan makes sense. That way if one isn’t full we should still both have enough air to make it both up.”
“You do make a very compelling case I suppose you can stay in my room.”
Tony walked over and grabbed 3 plates while Steve went and grabbed forks and knives from the other drawer. Tony heard Steve chuckle when he had to get on his tiptoes to reach the plates. ”It’s not my fault that I was born short, and most people find it charming.”
In theory it should be a quick op all they needed to do was swim down film as much of the compound as they can and swim back up but who know what lies between them and the facility seventy-six meters below.
“Yeah and didn’t I tell you we were going to do it?” Steve responded as he closed the door behind them first making sure he had his key in his pocket.
Tony wanted out of the room, but he didn’t know where to go. Not out to the hall where the voice had come from and defiantly not out the window that was just
“Alright I’ll try to find us both wet suits in here that way if we do see someone we should blend in better.”
“I’d say it’s love.” Tony said while leaning in for another kiss.
“Steve hang in there let’s get you out of this.” Tony then started to strip the solider out of the dive suit. Once he got it off and Steve was in just his boxers he left to go find something to wrap him up in to help fend off the cold. After digging through several boxes of junk he found some rags to help stop the bleeding, an old first aid kit and some sheets to cover Steve with. He’d have to go look for a new wet suit after he looked at Steve’s shoulder.
“I hate SHIELD”
“I’d be fine with that” Tony said as Steve put him down. When Tony’s feet were on the ground again, he reached into his pocket to look for his phone. “Cap I don’t have my phone and we need to find that old man who runs the place.”
“You still with us Cap?”
Tony rolled his eyes and took his brief case from Steve “don’t tell me you don’t like this road tripping we’re doing.”
Steve rolled his eyes and finished his pasta. He saw Tony’s plate was empty too and stood up to take there dishes back to the kitchen. “Can you grab the pans?” he asked Tony who stood up and grabbed them. After they had taken everything back to the kitchen, and Steve had finished washing the dishes which he insisted was the polite thing to do. He and Tony walked back up to their rooms.
“Quarter tank you said we should be fine, remember?”
After looking down several hallways and not seeing anyone Tony and Steve wandered down the steps back into the lobby. “It really is creepy that we’re the only other people staying here I mean this place is huge how is this man affording to pay taxes on it?’
“Rodger that, Tony, come on let’s go change.”
Steve started to walk after Tony when the old man called back out “Son, make sure not to go out and walk the halls at night.”
They wandered back down to the lobby and up to the old man still seated at the counter “Do you have anything to eat around here?” Tony asked.
You’ll feel better when we’re done wrapping it and you’ve warmed up some more.”
“Okay but we can’t go too far away otherwise our coms won’t work anymore alright?”
“Excuse me sir.” Tony said in a somewhat loud voice. The old man started awake and looked surprised to see that people were there.
“Tony your alright.”
“That’s a shark!” With that the two of them put on a burst of speed using the propulsion built into their suits.
“Steve” tony exclaimed as he rushed into the room “what are you doing in hear? I heard you leave and came to make sure you were okay, Steve?” Steve still hadn't looked up from the spot he was looking at on the ground. “Steve can you hear me?” Tony said as he reached out and put his hand on Steves shoulder. Steve finally looked up and tony could see he was as pale as a sheet and looked as though he had seen a ghost.
Tony was almost sad when he saw his scrambler blink green and the airlock doors open up for them. He kept hold of Steve and swam them both in and then jabbed the button to flush the airlock of the water. During the flush Tony lost hold of Steve and saw him lying on the ground “Tony” Steve groaned as Tony ran over to him.
“One lady claims she saw a child parts of his face and clothes charred off. Another guy said he started smelling smoke coming from the hallway and when he looked into it there was smoke pouring out from the crack of a room down the hall but when I went to go look at it there was nothing there.”
“Why wouldn’t I be alright?”
“Yes Steve we need precision and stealth and although I love my suit it is not made for those things.”
“Don’t say that Steve we’re going to be fine.”
“That’s what the dial says but just to be safe I think you should keep the full one off your suit and I’ll take the other part one and then well both take one of these other ones.”
After he finished looking out the window he noticed there were two more doors in the room one to the left and right of the door he just came in. The first door led to his bath room which only had an ugly pink tub a sink and a toilet. ”I guess I won’t get a shower tonight” Steve muttered.
“Wow, Steve I’m impressed isn’t it against your training to make fun of a superior?”
“Now I never said anything about you not being charming.” Steve said with a grin.
When they both had gotten into the hellicarrier which was taking them back to New York (someone else had already been sent to take over their mission.) Tony pulled Cap in for a kiss wrapping his arms around his neck. Steves arms wrapped around Tony’s waist. When they finally let go of each other Steve said with a smirk. “Guess I’ll get to see you bent over my bike after all one way or another.” Tony just laughed and leaned in for another kiss.
“I knew there was more to this story, do you want to go look around?’
“Sorry I’m working on it. If you said the Overlook I would have gotten that joke.”
“If we stay you could die and I'm not going to let that happen please Tony.” Steve begged.
“Well I hope the Bates have nice beds.”
“Wow Cap I was not expecting that from you today.”
“nope too late now, now if I win you have to agree to do all my reports for the next month you know I hate writing those things they have cameras why do they need a report from me too?”
“How do you plan to even get in tony” there was fear in Steve’s voice now.
“Oh ha-ha I know you’ve heard me do that before.”
“I won’t laugh if I end up knocking you out for scaring me”
“Are you sure we can’t just go down there in the suit?”
“I’m just full of surprises.” Steve said with a smirk as he got his door unlocked and walked into his room. After he shut his door he unlaced his boots and then took off his tee shirt and jeans, and got into bed and shut off the light because as much as he didn’t love that they were stuck there he wasn’t going to say no to a good night’s sleep.
“Whatever you say Cap”
“The thing is I could have tried something else there but I wanted to kiss you.”
“maybe, but I wouldn’t want to stay in a place where my wife and son both died.” as Tony said this they heard a crash upstairs and ran back up to wear the noise had come from Steve's room door hung ajar and pieces of glass covered the floor along with a dead bird who had apparently hit the old glass with enough force to break through it.
“I know what you mean sorry I didn’t mean to judge it just makes me kind of laugh because we’ve fought aliens and robots and the thing you’re afraid of is ghosts something that isn’t even real.”
“Yeah it should be fine they were already starting to heal when we left so I don’t think it’s bleeding anymore.”
“Probably wouldn’t want to get sued when the ghosts try and eat their guests.”
“I was thinking more like you fall down the stairs because they turned out all the hall lights.”
Tony blushed again and went back into his own room to grab his joggers and tank of the floor. When he returned to Steve’s room he had put back on his jeans and tee as well. “Let’s go.”
“Follow me then to the dining room.”
“Tony” he heard Steve say. Thank goodness he’s awake tony thought
Ten or fifteen minutes later Steve still hadn’t fallen asleep he just had this feeling like something was off. Then he heard a scream come from out in the hall he jumped up off the floor and grabbed his shield from wear he had laid it on the floor and ran out into the hallway he heard the scream again and ran to the room at the end of the hall when he had broken through the door he saw a body lying on the ground half of it  blacked from flames when he turned it over he saw brown eyes and messy hair
“It is a birthday present, in a way.” Steve’s lips are against his, and Tony’s not sure if he wants to punch the grin off the other man’s face, or kiss him til it fades. “One of many parts. You up for part three?”
The line goes dead, and Steve’s lips curl into a snarl, barely resisting the urge to throw the flip phone at the door and crush it beneath his foot. Instead, Steve throws open his front door and takes the steps down to the street two at a time – the engine of his motorcycle revs between his thighs, and he twists the throttle – he had never seen Tony cry in his life.
“Why does it matter?” Tony snaps, but he looks up at the dark sky regardless, flecks of snow landing on his eyelashes. He loved the snow – he used to – but Siberia had taken that from him. Afghanistan had stolen the beach from him, and Siberia the snow. “Yeah, it’s snowing."
“Dance with me, Steve, c’mon.” Tony starts to sway them, which takes a lot of effort – given Steve’s bulk. He closes his eyes, thinking back to that morning in Paris, and is able to recall the song. Steve stiffens in his arms as Tony starts to hum, but his feet move slowly, no longer dragging. Tony rests his head against Steve’s chest, listening to his rapid heartbeat.
“Wake up, sleeping beauty,” Tony murmurs, pulling away. “I got chocolate croissants. They’re still hot.”
“We’re not,” Tony says with a smirk that Steve can hear more than he can see. “But I sleep alone a lot these days. I sleep better when you’re there – though I won’t say that in the morning, you can bet your ass.”
Steve tsks slightly, and Tony’s fingers curl against the stone – by what right is Steve judging him? Or did Steve think that he drank too much? Did Steve worry that Tony was an alcoholic?
“We should have gone to New York,” Steve says miserably, and there are tears welling in his eyes. Tony quickly brushes them away before they can fall.
“I don’t know where we go from here, Steve,” Tony’s finger falls away, his hand back at his side. Steve has him up against the wall, there’s enough space for him to squeeze away, but it would be tight. He lets Steve inch closer, lets Steve’s hands skim up his sides.
He had convinced himself of that for a while, until red roses had been delivered to the compound on December 16
Tony gets to his feet, gathering up his garbage. He glances at the bulge in Steve’s pocket, and Steve freezes, his heart suddenly pounding.
“I’m not signing it without provisions. Modifications.”
Steve moves to stand beside the toilet, eyes wandering over the crooked, raised line on Tony’s abdomen. It had sheared through muscle, and Tony’s flesh had done its best to knit itself back together, but it was more than imperfect. Steve’s hand dangles at his side for a moment, and then his fingers stretch and touch the rough skin on Tony’s back. The blade had slid through him – through the entirety of him. Bruce had mentioned it briefly, but in the moment, Steve had been so focused on Thanos – on vengeance. It didn’t matter to him what state Tony was in – because he had lost Sam, Bucky – countless others. He had been unable to stop Thanos, and Tony had fought him – and Steve needed that intel before searching for the titan again. Steve does not look back on his behavior that day fondly.
Still distracted by thoughts of Steve’s hands on his body, Tony almost finds himself shaving off half of his goatee, managing a quick flick of his wrist to avoid complete and utter disaster. He throws on one of his favorite suits, a grey three piece by Tom Ford, and fumbles with shaking hands tying his tie.
“Hey,” Steve murmurs after a pause. “I was thinking. Do you have any preference on where we go next?”
“I woke up a while ago, Tony. This is what I want.”
“God, that’s dangerous,” Steve grins, “Are you calling him Iron Spider yet?”
“I guess I have some explaining to do,” Tony starts off, reaching for his cup of water and taking a long gulp. “I owe you that.”
“Last night,” Steve steps back, holding the door open for Tony.
“Don’t go,” Tony’s voice is barely more than a whisper, and a flush of shame spreads over his cheeks. Steve’s fingers brush slowly over the warm flesh.
No sex will be easy, Steve convinces himself as he pushes eggs around on the frying pan. In fact, his line of reasoning continues, no sex will allow them to enjoy each other’s company on a level they’ve not had the opportunity to reach before. Carefully, Steve scoops the eggs onto the plate that holds a few slices of toast and some bacon. A greasy breakfast, hopefully greasy enough to mop up Tony’s hangover.
“You gonna use those on your hands?” Steve asks, watching Tony as he drops the box in his surprise, though Steve catches it easily before it hits the ground. “Didn’t know I cut you. I kinda thought it was the other way around.”
Tony’s expression softens when Steve reaches under the pillow and reveals the velvet ring box. It pops open, and Tony reaches out for the silver ring despite himself.
Steve sobs, a terrible sound, and his arms fall away from Tony’s waist.
The tower had been a home to him, a familiar stomping ground where he could test out any wild idea that came to mind and fall into a familiar bed whenever his body gave out from exhaustion. The beds in hotels, no matter what Trip Advisor suggested to the contrary, are always like sleeping on a rock.
“Tony?” Steve reaches up to touch at his own lips, still smarting from the burn of Tony’s goatee, the sting of his teeth. The door to the gym slams shut, Steve’s blood slowly trickling down the curve of his jaw and onto the mat below.
Tony will kiss him again when he says that, and Steve will smile against his lips.
) hurry down the street.
What comes next, Tony’s not sure — one minute he’s shouting at Steve, the next, he’s back in his bed in the med bay. This time, his world is hazy, and it doesn’t take a genius to know that Bruce has drugged him.
Tony catches her hand before she can pull it away, kissing the back of it. “Okay. Go get ‘em, boss.”
“I didn’t know that you’re -?”
Steve sighs, rubbing the palm of his hand over the coarse denim of his jeans, over and over again, until his palm tingles. He stays quiet while Tony works, not wanting to distract him – it would be to his detriment if Tony forgot some vital component. He’d rather not have the bike blow up between his legs the next time he took it out for a ride.
“Yes,” Steve half rises from the seat, but the doctor is coming to sit with him.
Pepper gives him a long, knowing look. “I know what you look like when you’re in love, Tony, in case you’ve forgotten.”
He and Bucky will move out to Malibu on Tony’s 24
“That’s worse, that is much worse. I’ll just have to close my eyes while you use the kitchen scissors — just make sure you cut evenly.”
Steve covers his face with his hands for a moment, his shoulders hunching forward.
“So that’s it, then,” Tony says quietly, staring more intently at the IV in his hand. “That’s it. They’re dead – all of them.”
“How’d you end up here?” Steve shifts on his feet, anxious energy, Tony’s surprised he’s not thrown a punch at his old enemy.
“It’s to Vienna,” Tony says, getting to his feet. He’s gotten dressed, and Steve knows that it will take a lot of convincing to get him out of those shorts and back into bed. He turns to face Steve, his expression guarded. “Where’d you put my suit?”
Steve isn’t in the shower, though, and he’s (unfortunately) completely clothed. He’s wearing blue shorts, which makes Tony laugh, he’s never seen Steve’s bare legs before. They’re muscular, of course they are, but pale.
When Steve opens his eyes, it takes a moment for his world to come into focus. He reaches up slowly, rubbing at them, trying to blink away the gumminess. He’s not sure when he had fallen asleep – Tony had kept him up until daybreak. Not just with sex, though that had taken a lot of the time – with slow kisses, and secrets. Even after Tony had fallen asleep, his head tucked under Steve’s chin, arm sprawled across his chest, Steve had stayed awake. There was so much about Tony that he didn’t know, so much that he wanted to know – but he had learned a little tonight. He had learned how Tony stole the blankets in his sleep, how Tony would murmur a word every now and again, his mind always working. Plus, he had discovered how satisfying it was to hear Tony moan his name, bordering on a sob of relief.
Tony still has his arms crossed over his chest, looking at Steve uncertainly. In the bright fluorescent lights of the med-bay, Steve can make out the bruise he had left on Tony’s jaw, a deep purple that fades into the darkness of Tony’s goatee.
He had effectively ignored his father’s grave, like always, but sat in front of his mother’s and pulled any stray weed that dare interrupted Maria Stark’s eternal rest.
“That’s the trouble,” Tony says, taking a small bite – it’s excellent, and he wants to take his time. “I definitely wanted…”
Steve opens his eyes as Tony shifts to his feet in front of him, unwrapping a few butterfly bandages as he leans in close to Steve’s face to inspect the cut. Tony’s head is tilted to the side, Steve’s eyes are level with his pulse point, and he sees it jumping wildly in his throat. Tony’s touch is gentle as he places the bandages over Steve’s cut, the skin feeling tight as it’s pulled back together.
“You want me to steal some poor sap’s bike? Captain America, that’s immoral!”
Tony smiles sheepishly, glancing away.
“You left your keys,” Steve informs him as he sits down in front of Tony. He sets the ice pack on Tony’s knee, watching the other man as he grimaces and moves it onto the fabric of his shorts, a red mark left behind on tan skin from the sudden cold. “Here.” Steve pulls the keys out of his pocket, extending them towards Tony. Tony takes them, his fingers brushing over the inside of Steve’s wrist – every movement is calculated.
“You know how many times I was the keynote speaker at drunk driving seminars?” Tony’s words are slurred, but understandable. “You know, Pepper – I know you know.”
Tony says nothing, closing his eyes, Steve’s face floats waxy with rage above him.
Tony stops them suddenly in front of a set of steps leading up to a quiet apartment building, and he fumbles in his pocket for the keys. They clink together as they hit the stone beneath Tony’s feet.
“Steve…” Tony reaches up gently and pats him on the cheek.
Steve’s hands move to rest on his own hips, looking at him thoughtfully. “Yeah, that sounds nice. Are you gonna wash up?”
Steve blinks, hands forming fists between his knees. “Right – yes, I absolutely want to see him.” He gets to his feet and staggers forward, the magazine slipping off of his lap and landing face down on the floor.
“I ordered for us,” Tony says, his foot knocking against Steve’s under the table. “It’s prix fixe – do you like red wine?”
Steve had shattered the team with one effortless arc of his shield into Tony’s chest, the reactor shattering with it. The stupid fucking wedding ring Steve had given him in Italy is cool against his rapidly warming skin, clinking against the dog tags around his neck. Tony doesn’t wear it in public, of course not, but he keeps it around his throat instead.
“Is that you being romantic again?” Steve reaches out with his right hand, pushing the brown bag open so he can grab a warm pastry. “Jesus, Tony, did you buy thirty?”
Steve watches Tony for a few minutes, watches as Tony lights a candle and sits down at the edge of the aisle seat in front of the altar. He turns away when Tony bows his head, not wanting to intrude on something that feels incredibly private.
“No,” Tony says dryly, though his voice lacks its usual sharpness – it has a strangled quality, like Tony can’t catch his breath. “No, I had to save that for Captain America. Thought the gloves would protect ‘em, anyways.”
“Tony…” He whips his head over to the side, focusing his gaze on Stephen Strange, the man sounds incredibly morose – like Tony is dead already. “Tony, there was no other way.”
“You want me to tell you that you’re right? Is that what you need?”
“We’ll go to my room,” Steve murmurs, tongue laving a hot path down the column of his throat. “This isn’t my first time, Tony.”
Steve will introduce himself, offering Tony his hand. Tony will shake it, his fingers brushing along the inside of his wrist.
Tony reaches up to press his fingers against the steri-strips pulled tight across his skin. He pulls his phone out of his pocket, the screen shattered at the base. The cursor blinks again, waiting for him to type out his thoughts and feelings to Steve Rogers.
“That’s not all,” Steve argues, though he knows it’s dangerous. “That’s not all, and you know it.”
True to his word, Steve has Tony on the verge of tears before he finally gives him what he wants, what he needs – what he came here for.
Steve walks alongside Tony down by the port, his arm brushing against the other man’s gently, as much contact as Tony would allow them in public.
“We’re not even friends,” Tony snaps. “We’re work colleagues, if anything. You work with me because you have to, because I give you neat stuff. Just once, I wanted – I wanted you to like me, the minute you met me. Because you were my idol, Steve, honest to God. Yeah, you caused a bit of a sexual crisis for me, too – but at the end of the day, I wanted to be you as much as I wanted to sleep with you. And now you can’t even bring yourself to see something from my point of view, because you’re so… sickeningly self-righteous. Dad never featured that personality trait in his stories – no, the mighty Captain America was
“Just ice it for a minute, Tony,” Steve requests, grabbing his wrist as he sets his supplies down on the table beside his chair. He can feel the bones of Tony’s wrist shift in his grip, can feel his pulse, strong and swift.
Now, there’s a stupid thought, and Tony can’t help but grin – is he
“Ours,” Tony corrects. “For this, obviously.” He gestures between them. “But we better not meet here next, I want to keep them guessing."
Steve looks away from him suddenly, a muscle jumping in his jaw, watching a few tables over as a couple feeds each other oysters.
Tony carefully scoops more grey soil into a small glass vial. “Taking a soil sample, what does it look like?”
Steve’s hands drop away, and he looks at Tony, his expression one of tortured guilt. “You were going to kill him, Tony. I had to stop you – Bucky is a part of me – and I know I can help him get back to how I knew him. I couldn’t let you take that chance away from me, even if…”
“I can take it, if you want,” Pepper senses the conflict within him, the anger and hope sparring desperately.
Steve’s arms are around him, catching him before he can hit the ground, and Tony could weep as he catches a faint hint of Steve’s cologne swirling around him. The smell makes him feel sick.
“Never,” Steve promises, holding Tony close.
“I want…”
as it played on the television. He had stopped in the kitchen for another nip from a new bottle, the burn making him gag over the sink, sure that he would be sick – but when it faded, he took another gulp, and smiled.
Tony laughs quietly, and Steve closes his eyes at the sound. He doesn’t think that Tony has laughed for a long time, it has a creaky quality to it, like he’s locked away all forms of mirth and thrown away the key.
No sex will
“Tony,” Steve murmurs, kissing him slowly, feeling Tony arch against him. He tastes of wine, though it’s better on his lips than in Steve’s glass. When Steve’s tongue brushes over his, he tastes chocolate, and – his eyebrows furrow. “You smoke?”
Steve is silent for a moment, and Tony’s phone – his real phone, buzzes in his pocket with an alert. He can’t pull it out, without falling off of the roof, but he hears Steve mutter a curse and makes an educated guess.
“I’m buying you dinner. I think, back in your time, you would call this a date.”
They spend the rest of the morning and afternoon by the pool, Tony swims for hours, never ceasing even when Steve offers him lunch. His drawing of Tony is complete by the time he climbs out of the pool, and Tony glances at it as he passes by, rubbing a towel through his hair.
Just as Steve puts away the final bowl, Tony’s fingers begin to dance along the keys. It’s Bach, Steve thinks, or Vivaldi. Quietly, he moves into the sitting room and takes a seat on the couch, content with listening to Tony play as dusk gives way to stars outside.
“You can do the dishes,” Tony says with his last bite of food, hopping off the stool and walking back to the sitting room. “Seems only fair.”
“It won’t be warm in January,” Tony says sleepily, putting the phone on speaker and setting it on the pillow by his head.
“No, it’s fine…” Steve cuts into his filet, looking satisfied as it melts beneath his knife. “I just – feel bad about that night, like I… was pressuring you into something you didn’t want.”
“Tony! Is it true that you and Pepper Potts are through?”
“You’re not doing anything, Steve,” Tony leans up, his hamstrings trembling at the effort, and kisses Steve softly on the cheek. “I’ve still got my arms around you, remember?” His sweaty fingers dig against the soft skin at the nape of Steve’s neck.
“You forgot the helmet,” he comments, pointing at the picture of his head. Steve has captured him, though, he’ll inwardly give him that credit. The curve of his jaw is sharp, his eyes are shadowed, and the reactor glints on his chest. Tony squints at the drawing, making out the dog tags on his chest. He reaches up and touches the necklace with a grimace. “Not bad, Rogers.”
“Just listening.”
“I’m not gonna beat you up, Tony.” Steve is already walking towards the locker room. “You can wear some headgear, if that’ll make you feel better.”
The pad of Steve’s thumb brushes over the risen base of the new scar on his chest – five long inches of sutures recently removed. Tony’s heart beats wildly, he wonders if it will beat so fast that the muscle will just tear itself to pieces. Steve’s lips brush below his ear, his breath a sigh.
“They believed that? They know who I am – they know I’m not married.”
Steve shakes his head slowly, the silver ring burning against his chest like a brand. “I’ve not, Tony. Of course I haven’t. I love you.”
He’ll need convincing, but Tony has always been very persuasive.
“You wouldn’t do that.”
Tony feels as though he’s on fire, thrown onto a stake to burn as punishment for his own stupidity. He’s damning himself, he knows, as he leans back against Steve’s chest. Damning himself as he closes his eyes, the bottle thudding against the counter top, Steve’s hand slipping up under the hem of his sweater.
“I’d hate to break up the set,” Steve’s words drip with rage, disgust, disappointment. Tony's boyhood dreams of Captain America being proud of him die in some perverse, dark alleyway in the back of his mind - a painful death.
Peter nods, his face pale. “Y—Yes Mr. Stark.”
“Fine,” Tony says softly. “Fine.”
He didn’t try to initiate things with Tony, he didn’t want to ask too much of the other man – he had learned his lesson. Sometimes, though, Tony’s kiss to his cheek would linger, or he would rest against Steve’s chest while they watched a movie. Steve can tell that Tony wants more, that Tony is resisting the urge to kiss him over breakfast or pull him back into the second bedroom – he’s punishing himself for what happened on Titan, denying himself any happiness that would last longer than a few moments.
“When in Paris,” Tony murmurs breathlessly, his hands slipping down over Steve’s broad shoulders, nearly knocking his duffel bag off of his arm. “Christ, Steve, hurry up. I feel like an idiot.” He grasps at Steve’s biceps feeling the hard muscle beneath the leather of his jacket, and he’s carrying Tony up the stairs like he weighs nothing. Finally, he remembers. “Third floor. 302. God, Steve,” he grinds against him, breathless, his fingers trying to dig into the leather. “Hurry up.”
Steve takes a seat in the armchair closest to him, his hands on his knees, looking at Tony intently.
“Are you trying to hack the compound’s cameras right now?” Tony asks, a manic laugh echoing into the phone as he sways forward again. “Jesus, Steve, really? There’s no way you’d get through – you don’t even know how to use Google.”
Tony is choking on his own blood. It coats the back of his throat, hot, thick, foul. He tastes vomit as it burns up his esophagus, mingling with the blood, and he takes a strangled breath. Worst of all is the pain in his chest, the red-hot pain that eclipses almost everything else. When the shield had struck his chest – Captain America’s shield, his
“What about me?” Sam grumbles, holding up his wrists. “Stark, a little help?”
“I didn’t know you boxed.”
After dinner, they wash the dishes side by side at the sink, Tony can scarcely breathe at Steve’s proximity.
The door to the bedroom closes, though what goes unsaid echoes through the silent room.
“Oh, they’re served cold?” Steve grimaces slightly, prodding at the gelatinous mass in the shell.
“I sucked Captain America’s star spangled dick!” Tony shouts, the cords in his neck standing out, more blood trickling from the seams of the bandage. “And swallowed his red, white, and blue co-.”
“They took my shield,” Steve says casually, following after Tony as he sets off down the hall. “I’d like it back.”
It’s raining when Steve steps out into the night, the raindrops heavy and cold against his skin. He takes a shuddering breath, getting his phone out of his pocket.
“They were murdered, is what I’m trying to say. By – you remember Steve’s friend?”
“Mom was Italian,” Tony replies, shaking his head at Steve. “Of course I know how to make pasta. It’s a cakewalk.”
“I — Well, no promises. If I do get a decent night’s sleep, I very well might snore like… terribly.” Snoring is better than screaming, though, and if Tony wakes without a sore throat, it will be a miracle.
“I have to, Buck – not just because of – of – but, I can’t live life knowing that you’re out there, suffering, when I could…”
“Tony,” Steve sounds even more impatient. “How long of a walk?”
The pad of his thumb brushes over the words at the bottom of the page. Steven Grant Rogers. The line above the name is blank, unsigned. And then alarms start to blare, deafeningly loud.
“I love you.” It’s so easy, so true. Tony has not said that to Steve since the first night they shared together, mumbled sleepily against the other man’s chest when he thought Steve was asleep. Tony had thought it many times, and Steve had said it to him – but now Tony says it and means it.
Steve shrugs his shoulders, “Guess not.” He locks the door to the apartment and offers Tony his hand. Tony hesitates, fisting the fabric of his pocket tightly in an attempt to clean his palm, and then reaches out to take Steve’s hand.
“I’ve not told her,” Steve’s voice is equally sharp, “But she has a way of figuring things out, Tony.”
Natasha Romanoff sounds cautiously optimistic, which is a first for Steve since Thanos. “Steve? Scott Lang is here. You’re gonna wanna come hear what he has to say.”
“Schmidt.”
The shower in the hotel room is one of the rain head varieties – of course it would be, he’s staying in the best hotel in Vienna. Tony closes his eyes, tipping his head forward as the water pounds against the sore muscles in his shoulders and back.
i would love to hear your thoughts! what do you think about a sequel? would things go exactly as steve imagined them to? i guess if the russo brothers can fuck around with time travel and alternate realities, so can i! look forward to hearing what you think, thanks for reading, commenting, kudosing - and sticking with me on a wild ride of what really was just a one shot and then... wasn't.
If they aren’t careful, they will cause a scene in the middle of the airport. Steve’s grip tightens on the handle of Tony’s suitcase, walking faster. Tony trots after him, his voice raising at Steve’s back.
“Absolutely not.” Tony’s answer is instantaneous, and the words are sharp. “I don’t believe in marriage. I won’t marry you, or anyone.”
“Aw, come on, Tony. You’d be a great dad.” Not that Steve would ever admit it, but he had daydreamed of a reality in which he and Tony had a kid. They’d call Tony ‘Dad’, and him ‘Pop’ – it was the perfect fantasy world for Steve to lose himself in as he prowled around the gym in an effort to keep himself busy.
Tony looks down between them, his thumb brushing over Steve’s hip slowly, eyes widening. “Jesus, has it always been that big?”
The hand on his chest is the hand that caused the injury to begin with. The very same fingers that brush over his heart are those that had curled over the edge of the shield and brought it down with a shout against Tony’s reactor. The hand of his lover, the hand of his executioner. The hand of a liar, in the end, that’s all that matters.
“Steve, come on we need to go back to our room no one's here.” By now Steve was shaking and sweating it was like he was getting sick
“They won’t be the first; I’m still really cold though.”
When he got back Steve was shivering even harder “Tony, I’m freezing.” Steve said through chattering teeth.
Steve and tony took one last breath and undid there helmets tony grabbed Steve and pulled him close and kissed him he read somewhere that this should work to recycle there air since the helmets weren’t meant to be shared with another person. Steve look confused at first but then he seemed to catch on to what tony was trying to do an opened his mouth to the kiss.
After doing some tests on the suits to make sure they were in working condition. He swung back around to where Steve had been sitting to see that he was no longer sitting and had gotten up and was holding some new air tanks that he must have found.
“What kind of things.” Steve asked looking a bit scared.
“I know here I couldn’t find any blankets but I found some sheets and I’ll come and look at your shoulder as soon as I get out of my suit”
“That wasn’t me that was just your imagination this hotel is just freaking you out.”
“Yep let’s get this over with.”
“Well if your hearing things I'd really like that upgrade so we might as well check it out.”
“Tony, we need to leave it's not safe here I think someone was trying to warn us.”
Steve put his ear to the door and listened for a bit. Then after hearing nothing he opened the door looked outside and nodded back to Tony and walked out. Tony followed him out and together they made their way down the hallways as silently as they could.
With that Tony turned to Steve and said “Shall we” while proceeding to jump in to the water.
Noticing Steve and Tony’s new attire several agents ran over and questioned what happened as Tony recounted their tale Steve stood in silence watching him. He noticed that Tony was changing details of his story to make Steve sound like the one who was the hero and not him who had to help Steve the whole time.
“Hey, Steve, about that kiss.” Tony said after he finished putting back on his pants.
When they pulled away Steve said “I can’t decide whether I hate or love the ocean.”
“It’s whatever this hotel is so boring. What am I going to do till I fall asleep? You know I can’t fall asleep till at least midnight. “
“I think we should start.”
“Not real Tony, really? You wanna make another bet?”
“I’ll be fine, don’t worry about it.”
“Why’s that?” Tony asked
“You’re going to have to break the window and jump Steve and then I'm gonna jump down and you're going to have to catch me, so I don’t break my legs.” Steve gave Tony a thumbs up and ran back out into the main room grabbed his shield held it in front of his face and crashed through the window. The impact of the ground was hard and painful, and he thought that he most likely broke a rib, but this option was better than tony breaking a leg when he had gotten back up, he heard tony shout “ready?”
“I’m at five percent.”
After he left the bathroom he walked over to the door on the right side of the room he twisted the knob which led him into another room very similar to his on except for the fact Tony lay sprawled out on the bed. Tony sat up and said “oh that’s were that door goes too.” And flopped back down onto his bed “Sorry Tony I
“And you’re sure you don’t want me to just go down there by myself.”
“Air?”
Steve closed his door and walked around to open that back of the car. He grabbed Tony’s brief case and his shield. “We might as well walk I could use a stretch, and then you won’t reject using a quinjet next time we have to go somewhere.”
“Tony, shouldn’t we be going back up I’m not gonna make it there my other tank must have a hole in it too.” And as Tony look back he saw that sure enough Steve’s tank did have a hole in it.
Tony stripped out of the wet suit and then went back to Steve and knelt down by his left shoulder and pressed the rags up to the bite marks the salt water had left them mostly clean already but they looked like they were going to need stitches if he wanted to truly stop the bleeding. “Okay Steve I’m going to need to sew these up so this might hurt a little but I’m sure you’ll be fine.”
At the air lock they ran into two guards but Steve threw a quick punch to the head to the first guard  which led to a sickening rip as one of the stiches on his shoulder popped open. Tony winced at the noise as he threw an uppercut to the other guard’s jaw. As the man tried to hit him back he saw Steve grab the man and slam his head into the wall next to him. Luckily neither of the guards had had time to call for back up. They both hurried out into the airlock hoping no one was going to follow them back out into the water.
“We should be fine” Steve looked over at Tony who was sitting in the passenger seat in a tank top and joggers reading some science digest magazine.
“Steve, how are you doing over there?” Tony asked and looked over to see that he was shivering. How could he be so dumb he forgot the heating systems must have stopped working after he got bit.
“Welcome to the Avengers, kid” Tony said flippantly, “You have a life insurance, dental program and the worst working hours in the world”
But maybe it was a high time for him to visit his ghosts, he could start with his mother and when being in London Peggy’s and Jarvis and Anna’s, and if he had the courage he could end with his father.
“Jesus, make a sound or something, I’d pull you a bell if I know I will survive doing it” the redhead only smirks at that, Stevie is angry with the wrestle so he pulls Tony’s hair. “Do you see that? Now he hates me and it’s your fault so taking him and let me get out of the armor.”
But aside from that he didn’t really know what else to expect, they hadn’t changed of opinion, Tony was still in favor of those ridiculous Accords and he couldn’t think of them without wanting to destroy something.
“I don’t have to hold a grudge? Maybe but you are my best friend not him and Tony I will always be on your side, you ride with me, remember”
of the slow autumn at my window,
He sometimes opened the flip-flop cellphone and almost called.
“He still loves me?”
There was a reporter, he didn’t remember her name, only that it was at the year and three months since the ‘Civil War’ like the media dubbed it.
toward those isles of yours that wait for me.
However, he still couldn’t believe how he did it to win the job, in first place he only took the MBA because his father insisted ¾more like obligated him¾ and ‘cause he thought that it would be handy when he created his own company; sincerely he didn’t like too much all the administrative jargon that came with owning a business.
At his 23 years old, Anthony Edward Stark was the founder and the Head of de R&D department of Stark Resilient, Virginia Potts was the CEO.
It said something about being sorry too for not being able to protect their teammates and explaining that he didn’t know about the Raft. Tony wasn’t sorry for their last fight, he was still hurt but he understood that Barnes was only the gun and not who ordered the attack, that he would never be okay with it, but at least he would be civil with Barnes.
And he really did, that man was an asshole and he despised him since the beginning, he considered Tony a spy, only for his last name.)
Tony didn’t trust Natasha, but he understood the necessity to work with her. She was like the bridge between him and Steve’s team.
That Steve cared for him and he regretted that the things ended like that, but he didn’t lamented defending Bucky.
It was dark, it was nothing.
if each day a flower
The God of Thunder smiled sadly, “It was not the lack of love, but neither it was another thing. It’s fate, is something too old to be understood even from Gods. It was each decision, a fix point that could change the fate of a person in an irreversible way. But a soulmate has been chosen to fulfill the needs of the other person and that goes both ways, so for example when a person dies their mate lost their mark…because they aren’t there to fit their role. So that someone lost their soulmate mark with his mate alive is strange, that only one of them did it is stranger”
“I couldn’t stop him.” He told him, when Steve took him from Nebula.
Buddy went missing, it was stupid, it just took a second of Tony being entertained by Bailey for giving a chance to Buddy to wander alone. And neither of his dogs knew
“You’re welcome, Tony.” the stranger not so stranger said.
Accords.”
By then Tony would have forgotten about his love for Mr. Rogers. But that was not now, so he had to take actions.
He is quiet watching the proceedings pass his eyes and doesn’t assimilate the situation, not yet.
that on that day,
“Sometimes doing the right thing is more complex that just agreeing with what everybody says it is”
But he knew the answer, because after all Iron Man was an Avenger just like the rest of them, and if they could not be a team
Steve, no, Rogers leaves the shield and Tony finds the act oddly poetic. He also has his answer about his relationship with that.
So he let her know about the new reform on the Avengers Initiative, Tony talked with her about it and asked her opinion. He disclosed to her what he deemed pertinent for the others to know, even if they never sign this new accord, Tony just hoped that knowing what it was about was enough deterred for them to do something stupid.
The thing was that Tony believed that he was happy without adding Steve Rogers to the mix, but if that was he being happy…he didn’t know what he was feeling anymore.
“Yes, no” Peter seemed frustrated with the answer, “In part, but when you saw something happening and you have the power to help, how could you not?”
, and he only found out when it was obvious that his affections would always be unrequited.
“And what you propose Mr. Lawyer” Tony said following the other man’s game.
Not the ex-Avengers, terrorist, convicts as some of his fellow reporters referred to them, and Tony doubted his answer.
He ripped off his reactor and put it in Steve’s hand.
Stupid advice was that Carter.
Darcy and him get a long like a house on fire, it made the things easier, Mr. Rogers would be in good hands.
everything carries me to you,
the wind of banners
“Thank you” Tony said lifting his head without releasing Buddy losing him one time is enough.
“Talk to him” Bucky said with a gruff, “It’s your last chance, Stark” he gave him a meaningful look, “you aren’t a coward”
“I missed you too, I am sorry, so sorry…please don’t do it again” Tony whispered with his head buried in his dog fur. “Don’t leave me, Buddy”
There was Captain Marvel and for a moment it meant hope.
“Okay”
He ends the call and dials again…and again all the times with the same results. He doesn’t know how many calls he has done but the battery of the flip phone discharged before he can make another. He feels the dry tears making his skin uncomfortable and a headache that for a moment surprises Steve, he hasn’t have one in a lot of time. But it doesn’t matter, nothing matter anymore.
“Whatever you want, Tony”
“I don’t think they’re willing to talk”
“Thank you Honeybear”
It was tiring and sometimes frustrating, but when his boss smiled at him at a work well done, it was worthy. Mr. Rogers’ smile could light up an entire city. He was a perfectionist, so he kind of received a lot of those ¾they didn’t help with his crush, they’re worsen it.
Wanda guessed, or
“What, Steve? You what…didn’t want to steal from me? That along with every else is a lie too, isn’t it?”
Sam talked a little more and Steve begun to guess what Tony was playing at, didn’t the Accords already caused a lot of damage. He still wanted to play God after Ultron.
He fires a repulsor towards Sam and forgets everything aside from get Rhodey medical attention, he goes with him in the ambulance; he left Ross’ men deal with the rest of his teammates, Natasha and Vision arrives at the Hospital some minutes after them.
“Then it’s Carol, Tony” She smiled at hind and offered her hand for a handshake.
and everything begin to seem faded.
That’s why he is doing it now, inconspicuously as he can, telling his team about Charles Spencer’s death and his position towards the Accords, he can feel Steve’s disapproval through the bond a feeling so muted that makes Tony wonder if his partner is trying to quell it.
Something breaks and he feel his wrist in flames a distraction that Steve takes advantage of and now he is in the floor, the other forces his helmet out and they are seeing eye to eye, Steve furious like he has never seen him, hitting with his shield all in reach, it doesn’t matter that he can’t defend properly himself.
Obie was like a father to him, before he wanted to kill him. He would have give him the company, he preferred the man in his childhood memories before all the money. Mom left him too, she chose alcohol before her own son; it was not like Howard was any better, but he took Stark Industries as a vice of choice along with the drink.
He remembers tracing, over and over, the name on his wrist ever since it appeared at his eight birthday; the elegant penmanship forming his soulmate’s name, his finger following each curve and sharp angle the move full of longing and heartache. He still does it, when he feels especially anxious it seems to help him calm, it’s like a balm for the hole in his soul a kind of painkiller for the ache that resides in his heart. It is a little silly, taking comfort in something so childish, but it has been one of the few touches that had lighten some of the burden since childhood…only comparable to his mother’s and Jarvis’ hugs.
And that was only two of his tasks; there are more, some of them more mundane, like going for the laundry or buying an apology gift for the girlfriend/boyfriend of turn.
He forgot that Peggy was Tony’s family too and took Sharon’s words to the heart. Maybe that was the first mistake or the second… perhaps he would never know.
Now his nightmares included Tony dying by his hand. He could see himself lowering his shield with all his force to an unprotected throat, the sickening sound of bones breaking and the vibranium hitting the floor; he watched the blood flowing and Tony’s lifeless eyes judging him.
Sorry for the delay Mother's day and present hunting was my excuse. Hope you enjoy this chapter, thank you for the support and let's give this author your opinion. Happy Mother's Day btw!!
“He’s my friend”
Someone put Stark interview in the TV of the conference room and begun to whisper trying to dissect Stark’s corporal gives.
He didn’t imagine Steve betraying him, not after spending time with him. Shy kisses after each date, months before they had sex, sharing tidbits of their life before meeting, meeting friends… Friends that now that Tony thinks about it must be accomplices just more people in the lie.
“Tell that to the police”
But how could he remain calm? Steve Rogers was the perfect specimen of the human race, tall, blonde and his muscles had muscles ¾all in the perfect way¾, but also he was a decent person; he liked to help and was always polite, he had this little shy smile and blushes adorably when someone make a pass to him, like he didn’t believe it possible…and lets not talk about his eyes, they were so blue that they reminded him of the sky when it was clear.
’ before he returned to the boarding school, the afternoons in front of the piano with him most of the time hearing his mother playing while laying in the divan or him learning to play with her agile hands guiding his clumsy ones. Maria Stark consisted in moments all of them so precious.
“We need to talk to T’challa” Steve stated getting up from the loveseat, “We need inside information”
“I have to go, he is my soulmate Sam even if he didn’t want it”
“My contract was really loose in those clauses” Tony said with humor, “Don’t worry about it, what it matter was that you had a nice date after the horrible morning that you had, Mr. Rogers”
However, he kept tracing a familiar penmanship in the inner part, letters that were not more, that lived only in memories. It still comforted him, in a way; he hated himself for it.
He ended the call and tried to get his bearings, not only he had to get a glimpse of his boss crush, now he had to get an actual look and saw how great they looked together, maybe they would be presented and he would find, again, how impossible and absurd was his crush.
Half of the Universe existed no more.
¾ Bailey.
Tony shrugged diminish the flattery, yeah he looked good in his tailored tuxedo but he did not radiated happiness like the blond.
He wanted Tony forgiveness, of course; Steve knew that below that iron mask was a kind man, even if Tony denied it.
“Perfect”
He believed he was more to Steve, but apparently he didn’t meant enough to try for him; the same way he did it in the helicarrier when he let himself being punched by his best friend in order to recover some form of memory. Tony isn’t worth enough of the sacrifice. So he fights for himself.
He hugged him like when he founded him in Afghanistan and Tony felt safe like that time, because Rhodey was on his side and if someone know about doing the things right it was his best friend.
“No, they won’t” Ross agreed, “At least not
Tony took the cellphone and put it in a desk drawer, in a couple of days he would put it out again and stared at it for some time, a routine that he begun for weeks now. He would ask himself why he hadn’t destroyed the cellphone yet, why did he not prevent his teammates fugue of the RAFT, he would think about million of ‘ifs’ until the next meeting, or the next time he accompany Rhodey to his rehabilitation session.
She didn’t know if he referred at Clint being of prison or him now being a fugitive.
I shall stop loving you little by little.
That was when Tony saw him.
Tony shook his head in denial.
Tony has already spent years agonizing about it and they didn’t want to open the wound again.
Bailey yawned and closed her eyes. Tony loved her.
“It would be unprofessional, Mr. Rogers” Tony had answered when the other man asked why not.
If Steve is able to do the same, hitting him to protect his friend, he will do the same and avenge his Mother.
“It’s nothing personal” Steve says quietly stopping in front of him, wanting to touch him but his cold expression making him reconsider. “I don’t want to hurt you, I love you”
He closes his eyes fearing to opening them and finds that Tony’s name isn’t there anymore.
Natasha rests her hand on his shoulder in a silent support, Tony relaxes a little and abides the anger that threats to overwhelm him. He can hear Peter’s exited commentary of how amazing the quinjet is, Rhodey is going in the armor and his Highness has his own transport.
without leaving mine.
were little boats
They lost…they were not together, Steve lied again, but he was not surprised anymore.
The anger subdues a little and Tony only wants this farce finish and return home to recuperate some form of peace.
“I will notice” Mr. Rogers grumbled, “Of course I will notice that you are not here, I will notice that my PA isn’t this wonderful man, with this beautiful smile and lovely eyes, with his sarcastic comments and stubborn way to not say my name, my PA who seemed to predict the future and always was ready”
But he missed his family and he had to protect the future, and if a lie can do both, he will be a liar as often as in required.
“Wanted to eat lunch with you”
It was a beginning.
“Yes, but they aren’t vigilantes”
One of their first talks with Rhodey was about his parents’ death…about why Vision had to go to Siberia for him.
“We didn’t work for anyone, we protect the people on the Earth…simple as that”
Apparently Natasha Romanov and Bucky were going out, still it didn’t make his chances with Steve more promising.
“I know that you only were doing your work taking care of me, but I couldn’t help feeling like this, I, I love you Tony…and I don’t want you to leave my side, but I also don’t want you to feel unhappy”
He endured months of these without him noticing, but he was not happy, and being in love with his boss was not the only excuse. He had to leave before he was truly unhappy.
He was happy a feeling that was sorely missing for some time, the puppies was good for him. Now if only Steve Rogers looked at his way for a little while, he would be completely happy. He didn’t hope that his unrequited crush change, he was content if at least he could talk normally with the blond; he seemed to say all the wrong things or be reduced to a blabbering mess every time Tony was in front of Steve.
So, he was there staring at his phone like every day when he was not training or exploring Wakanda with the rest of his team. He could have call Tony and end that pathetic waiting, but he had this fear of Tony not answering…of finding the number disconnect…unreachable.
climbs up to your lips to seek me,
all round cheeks painted pink, toothless smile, brightly baby (
Steve never asked him to play the piano; Tony didn’t know what to feel about that.
He now wakes up from those dreams panting, bathed in sweat, tears running through his cheeks and heartbroken. He deserves it, though he only hopes that Tony doesn’t have the same nightmares.
Because they love each other to damn much that their love even resist age. Tony thinks about the ring hiding in his sock drawer, he will give it to Steve the moment he returns to his normal age and with luck at the end he will gain a fiancé.
“The thing is Mr. Stark that they’re fugitives, we can ignore that and pretend that every time they go and ‘save’ someone they’re right”
He knew that he let himself be blinded by facts; something not especially unusual by him because hello he is an engineer…a scientist if you wanted, hard numbers and facts were his life. However, he decided to ignore that little voice that told him how wrong all of this seemed, in his defense that same voice was usually the one that had those ‘
Tony might never forgive him, but he wouldn’t put in risk the life of the people they fought for with something so petty like revenge. So he would wait for his call.
The only person who came close the truth was Jarvis and that was another can of worms that he didn’t want to touch.
Then the blond fell silent, waiting for Tony’s response, but the other was trying to process all that Mr. Rogers told him, and what those words made him feel.
The ‘
He tells Sam about one Colonel Helmut Zemo and his part in the bombing in Vienna. Tony also talks a little about Rhodey in crisp tone because he is angry with him.
He traces Steve’s name from memory inside his left wrist again and again, the gesture is less soothing that he remembers.
“Did you miss your old team?”
near the fire
He didn’t wanted it to be true, to accept that his best friend killed his lover’s parents.
Because there was Steve Rogers with that sweet smile of him and blue-blue eyes, being the perfect being that he was, saving lost dogs in his free time it seems. If Tony were not already half in love with the blond, he would be now; could someone be more perfect and unreachable?
“Yes, of course”
Tony smiled wanly and waited for his receipt, he cached Mr. Rogers glance and nodded in a way to say that he already took care of the bill. The man smiled and continued talking with his date, Tony couldn’t made up what they were talking, he was a little far from them; but they seemed cozy, and more importantly Mr. Rogers looked happy, genuinely pleased for the company of the other woman.
She felt remorse like few things in her life made her feel. She wondered if telling him the true would have change something in all this debacle, that following Steve request of not telling Tony about what Zola said about the death of his parents was the right decision. Because at the end it was a petition from a person that she considered a friend, from someone of their team that she didn’t trust…at that moment there weren’t a lot of people she could confide not after discovering HYDRA in SHIELD.
Calls and unexpected help.
“I can tell you his…”
She was left alone in that impersonal room, Tony was another person that she drove away.
“That Mr. Stark, we can discuss in another time. Now I’ve a meeting with some of the UN panel that required a briefing of the last developments”
He wants their family, but the fight progress and it doesn’t seem to end.
Tony sometimes woke up screaming, his throat on fire and having not recollection of crying but feeling the moisture in the corner of his eyes.
This was signal. To move on and did what he wanted in the beginning. It was a high time for him to resign this PA sting.
do not look for me,
He was so tired of fighting; Tony sometimes cached himself wishing that instead of hitting the arc reactor Steve had hit his skull or destroyed his trachea with his shield. He knew that it was the depression talking, but it was a current theme since Afghanistan.
“What kind of changes, Mr. Stark?” Everett asked lifting and eyebrow skeptic at the name.
“Not everything” Steve hurries to say and walks towards him, “At the beginning yes, but Tony I fell for you, really”
Laura knew that neither side was right, they were worse than kids seriously.
“It was worthy Tony” Rhodey said after a hard rehabilitation session, “I believed in those Accords, they were not perfect…but the essence? They were right and if my injury was the price at least it was me and not civilians this time”
Grumbling to himself and thinking of awe inspiring equations for his investigation project, he kept on walking as fast as he could and trying to protect his face of the wind; that was when he noticed it, he didn’t know how it cached his peripheral vision but it did, he stopped for a moment deciding if it was worth returning and exposing himself more to the rain, or it would be better just walk away towards his warm apartment. Choices.
They were adjusting to each other kirks.
Stark and his dumb proposal was making his work harder, giving hopes to those all unruly vigilantes. That man didn’t know what he was playing with, all that power and without control? Bad idea; just like the Hulk or now Captain America.
, but I can’t because I know you wouldn't want that and because it’s not really his fault, but how I want…because you never deserved that”
crush, there was a limit that his denial could reach.
“Yes?” the man turned to see his friend face to face frowning at the defeated expression in Tony.
“The one and only”
, tries to kill him and whoever is put in front of him. Steve goes after him and Tony convinces himself that it is right, Barnes is Steve’s best friend and of course he will go for him. It doesn’t matter that he doesn’t stop to see if Tony is okay, he must have feel it from the bond; but that doesn’t calm Tony as he wants, something inside of him is shouting
“As in the Astrophysics Jane Foster?” Tony asked a little impressed, he was fan of Doctor Foster’s work.
Tony didn’t know if he would be able to send it, nevertheless he begun to compose one.
“No, Steve I am
Then Rhodey falls and Tony is screaming inside his mind flying towards his friend the fastest that he can; but he doesn’t reach him in time and his friend doesn’t answer his calls, there is pulse and Tony can breath.
But Steve lied to him…to ‘protect’ him he said, and didn’t it was so deliciously ironic?, it wasn’t what started all the Ultron debacle for him. Was trust not what Steve demanded that time? He knew since then the fucking hypocrite; who gave him the power to decide what he could or couldn’t know?
“Man, the little guy love you” Sam said with a wide smile, enjoying a little too much Tony’s suffering, “You did see how he reacted when Bucky wanted to pick him up, he won’t accept anyone but you”
That was when he heard that familiar bark, Tony looked at the floor and he saw him, there was Buddy barking happily and trying to hug him if not for the lash that was in the hand of the stranger that was trying ¾and failing¾ to talk to him.
) blue eyes and fluffy blond hair. Pinnacle of human perfection Steve Rogers must be, even de-aged he is perfect.
“Just Stark announcing a revamped Avenger’s Initiative” His friend spited, “They didn’t give details but it caused commotion…”
“They’re different, a new Avengers Initiative or so he is saying” Sam specified with a serious expression, “We need to get a copy of that Initiative even if we won’t sign it, only to know what kind of deal they are offering to the UN and whichever accepted the document”
“But he’s not – not there. I’m going to save his parents. I have to save his parents.”
Steve darts back into the house to get his sketchbook as Tony pushes through the water, doing countless numbers of laps. Occasionally, he pauses at the end of the pool – leaning over the glass edge to look down at the ocean below. The sunlight glints off the dark red of his helmet, and he should look ridiculous, but he doesn’t.
Tony turns to face the window again, reaching out to steady himself, cold sweat running down the column of his spine. His heart thumps painfully, he idly wonders if he’s going to give himself a heart attack.
“You need to get out in the sun, Cap.” Tony says as he straddles the bench in front of Steve, teeth gripping the Velcro strap of his own glove, ripping each one off. Wiggling his numb fingers, he picks up the roll of handwrap that Steve had placed in front of him.
Steve nods over the edge of the newspaper to Pepper as she walks out of Tony’s room, still wiping at her eyes with a thin piece of tissue.
Tony finds his attention straying as Steve gives a thorough debrief, a bowl of soup is placed in front of him – much more interesting than whatever inspiring drivel Steve is coming up with. Tony’s spoon clatters out of his hand and into the bowl when Peter Parker’s smiling face is projected in front of them.
“Absolutely.”
“I’ll be right back,” Steve says, twisting the throttle, the engine roaring at his touch – maybe Tony had improved the bike…
“I -,”
Tony breathes in the salty sea air deeply, leaning back in the chair he’s been sat in for at least an hour. He had long since finished the cappuccino he had ordered that morning from the café in the aquarium, and while he’s tempted to get up and get himself another one, he doesn’t want to miss Steve when he arrives. The last time in Paris had been risky, but worth it – if only to make sure that Steve would never risk himself like that again. Tony had left him the following morning without being able to say goodbye, but he had a meeting in Geneva to get to. There, Tony had broached the idea of a pardon with Thaddeus Ross, and it had been quickly shot down – not for all of the ex-Avengers, no, but for Steve Rogers… The powers that be wanted him to be punished, no matter how many times Tony tried to present an alternative.
“I don’t know…” Tony sounds far away, his hands in his pockets. “I’ve just got a weird feeling, you know?”
“And you can’t do that over the phone?” Tony reads over the address, frowning.
“Will you die if you don’t wear red, white, and blue?” Tony gestures to Steve’s outfit – his red boxing gloves, white tank top, blue shorts, white mouth guard – it’s comical. “Like, will you combust?”
“The Avengers broke up – Tony, what do you mean they broke up?”
He sighs, turning his head to look out over the dock. It’s early afternoon, and Steve hadn’t sent him his flight details through a text as he usually did. Tony watches the boats rock with the waves, tensing when a flock of seagulls fly overhead.
Steve glances over at it and nearly rolls his eyes. “It’s a rock, Tony.”
“What the hell are you thinking?!” Steve’s hands are on his shoulders, shaking forcefully. His face is drawn, eyes wide, teeth grit together. “You could have fallen.”
Tony’s fingers card through his hair, tugging sharply. If caffeine won’t jumpstart his brain, perhaps pain will.
“Tony,” Steve says sharply, looking out through the glass, worried that people are listening.
It’s ghastly, but Tony can’t pull his gaze away, examining livid red skin – angular cheekbones, sunken eyes.
“I did it because you’re an idiot!” Tony seethes, kicking Steve’s stupid red boxing gloves across the ring as they fall to the floor. “You’ve always been – in the way! All my dad ever fucking talked about was you, how great you were. How strong Captain America was, how brave, how polite, how fucking handsome. How could I not fall in love with Captain America, right? Even the idealized picture my dad painted. You know how many muscular blonde guys I took home with me in my whole life? You know how many of ‘em would call themselves Steve if I asked?”
“I mean – I have an electric razor…” Steve looks over at Tony curiously. “Don’t you usually get like… three hundred dollar haircuts?”
His eyes open, though they struggle for a moment, because honestly – a corpse opening its eyes? It’s bright, there are fluorescent lights above him, and natural light spilling in from a window. He gasps, his throat aching – the telltale sign of a ventilator tube recently removed.
He turns in Steve’s arms once he’s naked, pressing his lips to his hungrily. Tony’s trembling fingers card through his hair, shifting so that he’s lying on top of Steve, working his sweatpants down his hips.
“Night, Steve.”
The fork is pointing at him again threateningly. “Don’t Tony me. Eat your dinner. I don’t want to hear you complaining in the middle of the night that you’re hungry because everything will be closed, and I’m not getting out of bed before dawn to get you something to eat.”
“That’s fine, Tony,” Steve murmurs, kissing over the shell of his ear, his hand palming him through his briefs. “You’re fine.”
“It’s Glenfiddich,” Steve says quietly, offering Tony the glass.
He’s sick of being sent on wild-goose chases around the world: a tall blonde man seen here, a girl with glowing red hands seen there. He’s also sick of Ross’ idle threats – though not so idle anymore, Ross had told him with a scowl that were Tony to continue failing to find the ex-Avengers, he’ll be incarcerated in a matter of months. Tony’s not sure when he accepted this responsibility for other people, but he’s done being a babysitter, and he’s done placating his baser desires of a quick and rough fuck from Captain America
Tony nods slowly, resting his hand over Steve’s. “Yeah. Just don’t kick me.”
“He was there, with Thanos, Nebula said.”
Steve crosses his arms over his chest, leaning away from the table, and Tony can tell that he’s angry.
Tony pulls his hand away, attacking his gelato with renewed vigor. “You’d be surprised.”
“I don’t like getting my head wet. Can’t stand it.”
“Tony,” Steve says, his voice warm, the chair scraping against the floor as he pushes it back. Steve’s bag lands on the floor beside him, and his calf brushes against Tony’s as he makes himself comfortable in the chair. Tony sets his wine glass down, the thud of it hitting the table sounding ever so loud.
Steve climbs out of bed and grabs his sweatpants off the floor from where he had abandoned them, holding the phone tightly with his free hand. “Stay on the phone, Tony, can you do that?”
“What is this, Tony?”
“What?” Tony stares into his eyes, analyzing him down to the core. “What did you just say?”
“You’ve got good form,” Steve says admiringly after watching Tony land a few hits. He moves to stand at his side, watching the muscles in Tony’s forearms tense with each punch. “Who taught you?”
Rhodey cautiously gets to his feet, grabbing at the edge of the table for support. He makes his way over to Tony, his hand grabbing at his shoulder, squeezing.
“Mr. Stark?” The sedative wielding nurse is back, though she’s holding a phone instead of a syringe. “How are you feeling?” She doesn’t wait for his response. “Usually, I wouldn’t allow phone calls, but the man on the other end says it’s urgent.”
Tony will rub the back of his neck hesitantly, fingers shifting through dark brown curls. Steve’s fingers will itch to knock Tony’s hand away and run his fingers through Tony’s thick hair, but instead he’ll reach forward with his left hand and unzip Tony’s jeans in turn. Tony will arch against him when Steve’s hand wraps around the both of them, and he’ll press his face against Steve’s neck with a muffled sob.
Tony rolls his eyes and taps the center of the reactor, a thick stream of metallic fluid traveling up his neck – and Steve blinks as Tony’s head is suddenly encased in a helmet. Tony cocks his head, illuminated eye slits regarding Steve coldly.
“Your hair’s different,” Tony says, cocking his head as he takes inventory. “Not getting a lot of sun, Steve? I hear Wakanda has beautiful weather year round, so I’m surprised.”
“He’s dead, Steve,” Bucky says sadly, looking away from him.
“Do I?” Tony looks over his shoulder at him, and the bags under his eyes are darker than ever.
Steve takes one look at the piece of paper on the desk in front of him, and his jaw sets, Tony wonders if it would be sharp enough to cut his fingertips. He wants to touch him, all the same.
“Stark.” A voice, so similar to Obadiah Stane – Tony wildly thinks of activating the gauntlet and blasting Thaddeus Ross’ head off of his shoulders. “You’re late.”
Tony gives him a look as he takes a bite of the stracciatella gelato, exhaling softly. Steve hasn’t been keeping up with his hair dye, he notices, his roots are practically golden in the sunlight. The beard is still there, unfortunately, Tony misses Steve’s smooth jaw – he had only been able to run his lips over it once.
?), Bruce, Thor, and the new girl who saved his life – Carol Danvers.
On Christmas Day, Tony had woken up in a bed far too big for one person – Steve’s bed, in truth. With the compound empty, he wasn’t worried about being caught in Captain America’s bedroom. It was self indulgent, he reminded himself, as he had breathed in the scent of Steve on his sheets. He had not spoken to Steve since Paris, and the thought of Paris at all makes Tony sigh, his hand covering his eyes against the daylight.
