"Quite a convincing response." Dean was surprised at Cas' proper use of sarcasm. He had to double check his facial features to make sure he wasn't serious. Considering the corners of his eyes and mouth were pointed downward, he led himself to believe that Cas was indeed mocking him.
while real Cas almost seemed to start investigating Sam, "So, I presume you didn't experience anything strange last night?" He side-eyed Dean as he said it, still noticing that Dean seemed spaced out.
“Dean, you—“
And that was how the creature had told him how
At first, Dean felt angry again. Mad that he would do something so reckless. That he had that low of an opinion of himself that he felt like his life was only good for sacrifice.
Cas had rolled back over toward the edge of the heart. The mental beat down he was giving himself was fully visible on his face.
Dean thought. This wasn’t helping.
“I’m not asking about anything. I said to forget it.” Dean snapped. He wiggled his body around on the sheets to show his impatience.
The monster fed on arousal.
When Dean let go of him, Cas’ hand still floated in space, inches away from the boxes of ornaments. His eyes then fixated on one that resembled a fish, and suddenly he was snatching it off the rack and throwing it into the basket. His hands grazed the boxes as he slowly and intently examined all of the options and that was when Dean knew his attention was occupied to the assigned task.
“No, I mean—“ he cut himself off knowing he would sound desperate if he went through with his sentence. He knew Cas had every right to not feel the same way about him. And he had no business badgering him over it. He sighed and laid back down, “Forget it.”
Dean scoffed, “That’s a new one.” He took another sip of coffee, enjoying the extra warmth it provided him. He raised an eyebrow at Sam as he placed the mug back on the table, “What makes you think this is our kind of thing though?”
"We shouldn't." Cas whispered before peeling himself off the bed. He sat in the chair in the corner by the bathroom. Dean still hadn't been bothered to move it since yesterday, which felt like centuries ago at this point.
“Understatement.” Dean added. His eyes stayed glued to the road.
———————————————————-
He turned his head to see Cas
? Is there anything in your dreams that could—“
“One that’s keen on staying in business.” Cas replied sounding more than content, like whatever had happened a second ago wasn’t a big deal to him. Dean figured it probably wasn’t. That whatever he was doing was just Cas being, well, Cas. He knew angels had a bunch of weird quirks, he wasn’t one to dictate if seeming tempted to choke someone out because it turned them on was another one. He couldn’t help but think that Cas knew exactly what he was doing when he looked at him like that, though. Surly he had been around human beings long enough now to know what flirting looked like.
He watched her sign back,
“I’ve noticed.” Cas replied with the slight hint of sass that he delivered practically every sentence with. It encouraged another smile to break out across Dean’s face.
“Exactly.” Dean frowned. He was getting his credit card handed back to him as well as a room key. He didn’t wait for an invitation to leave, he started striding toward the door, once again bumping Cas’ shoulder on the way out.
Dean was so blissed out it took a couple seconds for the lack of pressure to register in his brain. When it did he slumped back against the mattress in annoyance.
To really kick them while they were down, the bodies also had no wounds, which made it even harder to pinpoint how exactly the monster attacked.
Dean sighed, his hope starting to dwindle, “No, I want it to be you.” He practically prayed for Cas to finally look up and see what he was trying to do.
They had read about it earlier that morning. What truly makes succubi so dangerous is the fact that they suck their victims slowly. Mostly of arousal. But also of life force.
Cas appeared to experience a similar issue. He wasn't able to stop himself from staring at the hunter's mouth, wetting his own lips with his tongue. Dean could practically see the gears turning in his head. Like he was deciding if he should finally take what he wanted. While Dean stayed where he was at halfway, mentally begging him to make a decision. Hopefully, a good one.
And based on the content of his dream, the monster
while I was out?”
After about his fifth yawn,
They continued their back and forth game for almost a minute.
Sam scoffed and angled him back against the car, "You stay here and wait until the job is done."
Cas blinked and kept him arms glued to his sides, not resuming their original plan. His face fell between his shoulders, seeming to literally hang his head in shame, “You’re asking about my.....discontentment.” For a lack of better words.
Sam didn't seem to buy it, "Oh, I know what this is." He said accusingly.
“I tried to wake you but you wouldn’t budge, which I find peculiar.” Cas squinted at him like he was studying him, trying to figure out what was wrong. Dean actually hoped, for his own sake, that he’d figure it out. He felt like something was wrong too.
When Jack visited them a few nights ago and asked why they didn’t have a tree yet when Christmas was only a week away, Dean made a new plan. Sam had seen the way Dean’s eyes lit up at the mention of getting a tree and, maybe just from living with him his entire life, he knew that facial expression meant he was cooking something up. So as Dean and Cas were climbing into one of Bobby’s trucks—because Dean “Scratch my car and I’ll kill you” Winchester refused to use the Impala, Sam told them he was opting to stay home.
And, well, he wasn’t wrong. Dean was practically looking for a fight. Because screaming at each other was easier than talking things out. But Cas wasn’t giving him the satisfaction, he didn’t even dare to raise his voice at him.
He looked over at his equally shocked companion, who was staring wide-eyed at a silver ring. He saw tears threatening to spill over his eyelids and that was when Dean noticed that, he himself, was already crying.
He knew Cas was sorry. He knew he resented himself for his poor decision and that if he forgave him, Cas would probably never lie to him like that ever again. But it’s what it cost him the first time that made him so hesitant. His mother’s life wasn’t exactly replaceable.
“Yes, Dean?”
Cas gave one long stroke up his cock, which Dean hummed in pleasure as he ground against his hand, while resuming what he'd done earlier, starting to move their hands once again. The pace was dauntingly slow but at least it was something. At least it was
First of many of Dean's dreams
?” There was a mocking tone to his voice.
Dean huffed and started storming toward the door, still looking at Cas, “Whatever. I’m out of here.” He grabbed the handle and angrily pulled on it. He was surprised to see that Cas didn’t protest him escaping.
"Jeez, you are really out of it this morning. I said I think I should drive because you're clearly tired, I see I obviously have a point." Sam shifted his eyes between him and Cas—or at least the version of him that sat politely and believed in keeping his hands to himself.
“I heard enough.” Dean grumbled, not making eye contact with him like his brother had requested.
Which, shockingly, didn’t reassure anyone. In fact, this time Cas actually said something, “You are not going to sacrifice yourself over—“
He did look up. But only at Dean again, squinting, “Why?”
Almost like a nervous response, Dean yawned.
Cas was hesitant in answering. He looked at the ground for a few seconds before returning his gaze to her and signing,
“Yeah, I’m sure that’s exactly what you want. That’s why you and Sam cooked up this whole plan, right? So we’d kiss and make up? So you can stop feeling so guilty?” Dean dryly laughed, “Yeah, I’m good.”
Dean shrugged as he sat beside him, looking over his shoulder at the screen, “Yeah, I’m almost positive.”
“Yeah, I bet.”
Dean then left him with a nod to go find some.
Cas sighed in response, “Dean, I—“
Dean just tried to keep his focus steady on her and not the dick of an angel in the adjacent room, “Did you notice any cold spots or smell of rotten eggs?” He already knew what they were hunting but it never hurt to double check.
What he was surprised about, however, was Dean’s plan. Not because he had doubts. It was actually quite the opposite.
“No, you’re not. Sam said—“
Dean's lips curved upward at an idea. A naughty idea.
Cas ignored his later comment in favor of the former, "So....You find suffocating....pleasurable?" There was that word again, and it had the same effect over Dean as the first time. He was overstimulated. Definitely overstimulated. He never found himself losing his mind over Cas saying promiscuous words in the past. He wasn't usually the type to get horny over nothing. He figured the succubus was doing more to him than just giving him incredible dreams.
” He then saw
She sighed, “Yes, they’re horrible.”
Sam ran a hand through his hair and paced faster, “So we have....what? A day to kill this thing before Dean bites it?” His voice wavered, clearly seeming worried.
Suddenly, Cas seemed to snap as he was now fully turning to face him and he yelled, "Because they threatened to issue a noise complaint!"
“Dean—“
Nonetheless, Dean groaned and harshly rubbed his hands down his features, “We need to catch this son of a bitch soon. Preferably, before I run out of clean underwear.”
Dean was so winded and his surroundings were spinning so fast he couldn’t form a coherent sentence. Whatever happened during this dream, hit him a thousand times harder than the rest.
“This is inaccurate.” He muttered.
He pulled himself away from his thoughts when he noticed Cas was simply watching him drift off. He cleared his throat and came up with a bland answer, “It, um......whatever this creature is creates a fantasy dream version of your ideal
Cas simply shifted his eyes from one brother to the other, who was scowling and diverting his gaze from him. He took a step toward him before speaking up again, “Hello, Dean.” His voice was gentle like he was trying not to scare him away.
But he kept his lips tight.
“Dean!” Cas had yelled his name after he’d said it multiple times and Dean hadn’t so much as reacted to it. He had stared at the ceiling with a glazed over look in his eyes.
Dean wasn't sure if he was still hallucinating or not.
Cas nodded, “Yes, you were very loud. At one point you started yelling.” He told him like it was nothing. He kept a straight face as he delivered the news to him, as if it was normal to tell a friend about what they did during their wet dreams.
“Ready to go?” He asked him.
Dean scoffed and looked down at the red sheets that he bunched into his fists, “You know what.”
Cas didn’t take his focus off the ornaments as he answered, “Rainbow.”
“Of course, Dean.”
Surly, if he was really infected, he was going to wake his brother up with whatever his dirty mind had planned for the evening. The thought of Sam hearing him moan seductively in his sleep mortified him.
Before Dean could stop and force some thought into his actions, he was tipping his head forward, leaning in with with lips puckered. Only for his face to come in full contact with the mattress at the last second.
“Oh, yeah? And why not?” Dean challenged him while opening the second vodka.
“Why not?” Dean practically whined like a child.
“Lucky guess.”
“Good, because you better not be texting—“
As he sifted through the bottles, Cas curiously stared at him and became concerned with something else, “What are you doing?”
Dean shuddered, getting flashbacks of reading about the creepy grandma chicken sex monster. He simply shook his head at Sam and Cas did the same. Dean was suddenly grateful the diner was practically empty.
Dean swore he was only gone for a few minutes, but when he came back he found Cas bickering with an older couple. The three of them proceeded to flail their arms in frustration while pointing at the big perfect tree that had fallen into the background in favor of better entertainment. An employee was taking his sweet time trailing behind Dean as he was jogging toward his adorable idiot of a boyfriend.
“No, look at it—“
“I think from the sounds of it, the victims also experienced hallucinations—my guess is, sexual ones.” Dean’s stomach dropped at that, “But I have no idea what we’re dealing with, does this sound like something a Cupid could be capable of, Cas?” Both the boys then looked to the angel.
they were. He rooted through them with a smirk and a slightly raised eyebrow, which Cas took offense to, “You said I could pick.”
Cas shifted his eyes from the window to glare at him, "They're not your fans either."
Cas nodded, "Yes, I sense it's presence."
But then, their feet mutually stopped in their tracks when they looked up at a tree that towered over them just the right amount. It stood straight up and it’s branches were full and green in all it’s glory. Dean wouldn’t even have to saw it down to fix it. It would more than likely barely fit through the front entrance of the bunker, but it unapologetically took up space just like a Christmas tree should.
Dangerous job? Check.
Dean didn’t know when the idea first popped into his head.
Before Cas could get more questions in about his dream, Sam was unlocking the door of the motel room and stepping inside, the spell clearly not being bothersome to him. He immediately tossed his keys on the table while looking around at the sight in front of him. He saw Dean sitting a million miles away from Cas, as well as, the pile of empty bottles by his feet, and assumed the worst, “Dean, would it have killed you to at least try?”
“I can’t play a harp.”
Dean never thought he'd be so relieved to be accused of something he wasn't guilty of. He let out a breath he didn't even know he was holding. He then lifted his hands dramatically in the air, "Fine. You caught me."
“Dean—“
Sam chuckled, “Someone’s grumpy. Did you wake up on the wrong side of the heart?”
And he was even less sure when the next second, Cas gave his length inside his jeans another squeeze.
He didn’t waste any time pressing his keycard to the lock, a bright green light flashed as he did, indicating he did indeed have the right room. He practically tumbled inside as the door swung open in a desperate effort to get away from Sam’s relentless hounding.
Sam gave him a look before speaking again, “What do you think? Worth checking out?”
Well, this was a new one for sure.
“I am. I’m just....” He trailed off because truly, he didn’t know what he was doing. He just couldn’t let himself drown in the tension anymore. Also because, similar to last time, that dream seemed to use most of his brain power. He felt mentally exhausted. He decided to redirect the conversation and try to get Cas to answer one of his main concerns, “Did I um....Did I say anything
A blush found it’s way to Dean’s cheeks. He had no idea what to do now. So he just stood there, trying to think of gross, not arousing things to get rid of his boner.
Most of the guests have stayed there all night, so when it’s time to either call it a night or continue to an afterparty, the hallway is crowded with everyone trying to find their shoes and jackets at the same time.
He turns back to the stove and does his best to focus on the sauce he’s making, but Cas’s eyes won’t leave his side profile. The man studies him for a moment, and from the corner of his eye Dean can see him lift his hand. It lands on Dean’s shoulder.
like it”, Jack repeats, and makes his point by making Cas put the plate further away from him.
Cas works his way down from Dean’s lips to his jaw and down his neck, leaving kisses wherever his lips land when he moves. He remembers the last time he’s heard Dean use a phrase similar to that.
Wow, what a shocking piece of information.
But soup helps everyone, so that’s where Dean starts. He braces Jack more comfortably on his hip, and searches for ingredients from the fridge.
“Nonsense, just go through the wall”, Dean says, nodding towards the blanket wall, opposite the one he’s against.
On day three, Jack seems to get worse even with the medicine. His fever is rising up, and he starts to whine about a pain in his ears, rubbing and holding them, nodding when they ask if his ears hurt.
“Yes”, Cas grunts and moves his head around a bit, taking in the fact that he’s held down by something, before looking at Dean. “Are you?”
Cas shrugs, “Isn’t enough I inform you about it now?”
And if
Jack just sniffles against his shirt.
“What?” Charlie looks taken aback.
“Has he really been asking about me, or have you been talking about me to this poor man against his will?” Cas asks, leveling Anna with a look.
“Yeah”, Dean starts, trying to reason his choice, even to himself. He’s trying to come up with a reason other than ‘it felt so nice to live in a world where I’m dating you for a second’ because he’s not gonna tell Cas
Like he doesn’t know how he’s fucking things up for Jack here too, and how he’s suddenly scared more than ever before that he’s turning into his father.
Cas can’t help but smile when he’s watching the two, even if his smile is a sad one. In moments like this, the thought of just trying to be friends with Dean feels impossible, because he just wants to be there, next to him under the covers instead of watching this all from aside.
They get the check after dessert, and Mick insists on paying even if Cas tries to pay at least his share of it. It’s already dark and quite chilly outside when they leave the restaurant, the wind feeling cold against his face when they’re walking down the street.
He hates the situation, but they’re just gonna have to survive, for Jack. It’s not his fault his mom died, and he’s stuck with two idiots who have no idea how to take care of a toddler.
The kid appears back from the kitchen, chocolate stains all over his mouth. He licks his face when he steps into the hug Dean’s crouched to give. When he lets go of Dean, Cas leans down to hug him as well.
On a Friday night, though.
“Shut up.”
“Jack chose the mug”, Dean explains, “Asked him what you like, he said you like coffee, so I told him to choose the coolest mug at the store for a present.”
Dean thinks Kasey will drop it at that, because he can’t get any clearer about what the nature of their night had been, a very hot, but nonrecurring one.
you’re just as protective as he is, aren’t you?”
The smug smile on Cas’s lips tells Dean the asshole is enjoying his pain.
“She would’ve stabbed you if I hadn't been annoying”, Dean says with a heated tone, eyes heavy as he remembers the pain Cas was under when they were tied down. “Besides, I’m fine, so get off my ass”, he adds with a little less emotion to it, “and stop staring.”
Cas’s phone is buzzing in his pocket when he’s closing Jack’s bedroom door after the kid has fallen asleep for his nap. He gets his phone out, unlocking the screen to see a message from Mick, asking if he’s home.
and to
The coffee mug makes a hollow sound as it hits the floor on the other side of the lobby, where Dean throws it forcefully, but it still makes Cas flinch. Dean takes a deep breath in, and from the top of his lungs, he screams:
“Your uncle thinks we are a couple.”
“Mick, right”, he smiles at the man, but it’s not a friendly smile. He turns his demanding eyes to Cas.
“I can’t tell you how much I value this break”, Cas tells her, glancing adoringly at the steaming mug in his hands. “Who knew a hot cup of coffee is a luxury you’re lucky to have.”
“Cas here thought we’re sleeping together”, Charlie reveals, and that gets a similar reaction out of Dean than it did from Charlie.
also, i'm starting to realize i can't write toddler jack without dropping as much peppa pig content in as possible.
Cas sighs, “Which is?”
“Don’t I know it”, Bobby says, kicking one of the wheels. Dean frowns at him, so he explains, “I let you into one of the cars back in the day, you would’ve sat there for hours if I didn’t drag you out.”
They manage to do half of the shopping together before they can’t compromise over the vegetables for the barbecue, and after Dean makes a totally funny joke about eggplants, Cas takes off with Jack to continue shopping on his own.
The bottom half of Jack’s face is painted brown with the chocolate ice cream. Dean had gotten a few different one’s because he didn’t really know what Jack would prefer.
He uncrosses his arms to point at the tote bag full of toys on the floor. “What’s that?”
“If we cut it short, we wouldn’t need this”, Dean waves the comb at the kid.
“He’s always grumpy like that, don’t worry”, Dean assures, “Come on, we should go upstairs.”
It doesn’t take Dean long after that, the way Cas feels around him, the way he looks, splayed in front of him, eyes shut and come on his sweaty stomach and chest, breathing hard, all of it enough to push him over the edge as well.
“Whatever”, Dean grumbles, waving the waiter over as they settle at the bar, “I’m gonna drink some expensive scotch for free, meet you at the motel”, he says before hanging up.
in September, you ass?” Dean asks, “Why haven’t you said anything?”
Dean wants to bang his head through the wall, but he can’t take his eyes off the two, feeling a slight relief when Mick doesn’t kiss Cas.
Cas gives him a look, raising his eyebrows in surprise.
And when Cas offers a rain check on the date, he’s pretty sure he really wants it, and he wasn’t saying it just to be polite.
“I thought we agreed no hookups in this house?”
! i am overwhelmed with the love this story has gotten, you have no idea!
He’s almost there when he realizes maybe he should’ve brought flowers, or a candle.
“I’d listen to your boyfriend if I were you, he seems scary”, the girl says, blows another bubble and pops it.
He’s feeling happy – and relieved – about the fact that when it’s time to decorate, Jack drags Dean with them too, which means he’ll take half of the workload.
“What about the rings?”
Dean bites down a smile and any comments he might want to say to that, “Yeah, she should be more careful.”
The title the caller introduces herself with is so long, that Dean doesn’t catch her name, but it’s someone from the child protective services, calling because of Jack. She’s calling him because he’s the godfather, and after a quick but complicated explanation she asks if he’s available to come to the office tomorrow.
That’s the moment when Sam Winchester decides to rush in the door, with his brotherly worry and the inability to read the room as he rushes over to Dean, asking a million questions a minute, assuring he’s okay.
They have no idea how to deal with any of it, and toddlers can definitely smell that fear, Dean’s now sure of it. It’s a constant competition of which one of the three of them is in the worst mood, and there’s a new winner every minute. You can’t even escape to the bathroom, because the kid will follow you even there.
It sounds like he takes something from the fridge, and Dean wonders if he should tell him to take the leftovers from the top shelf if he wants to, but decides against it, and focuses on the movie he’s watching instead.
“What is it?” Dean deadpans when he can’t take it anymore, “Spill before we both die of old age here.”
He raises a brow when he glances at Dean, “Was that everything?”
“Are you hungover?” she suddenly asks, when she joins him at the table, holding two steaming cups of coffee.
“That’s what they told me when they dropped me off, the paramedics”, Cas clarifies, “I thought they were joking at first, but they really thought we’re dating.”
He pours some more pancake mix into the frying pan, and steps aside to give room to Cas, who’s going to the fridge to grab his lunch before he leaves, tapping on his phone while he does.
Dean knows he sometimes mocks Kelly for leaving the wild party years behind to become a mom, but the sight of people around the backyard, mingling with each other and enjoying the sun even if it’s only one of the first warmer days in early May, makes him genuinely happy for his friend.
“Really?” Cas squints at him, “Do you have a plan?”
Even the huge cardboard cutout of Princess Leia, that Charlie has in the corner of her living room, has glittery ribbons around her, and a party hat on.
“Okay, so, anyway, see the brunette on the couch, next to Jo?” she asks him, without turning to look at the living room herself.
There’s rustling sounds on Cas’s end as he puts the phone on the kitchen counter by the sound of it,
“I don’t know, just put something on”, Dean says absentmindedly, “Whatever’s fine.”
“I’m hungry”, he whines like Cas – and Dean – had expected him to, rubbing his tired eyes.
The evening goes by, and after Bobby and Ellen arrive back home, it’s time for one of Dean’s favorite family traditions of Christmas evening: getting drunk.
Longer hair gets tangled more often, and every time they as much as get the comb out, Jack runs for the hills and hides underneath his bed.
“It was my turn to wake up, wasn’t it?” he checks from Dean, but the man just shrugs.
Dean gets impatient and gestures at him, “Get up then.”
“Yeah, well, you’re eight and I’m an adult”, he argues, poorly.
Cas brings a hand to the side of his face, turning his head a bit to deepen the kiss, and Dean’s damn happy he’s sitting down because he’d probably be knees weak on the floor, because Cas is
“Sorry for ditching you for a second”, he continues, when he’s sure Jack's out, sound asleep, “Got stuck with my own shit, but luckily Cas was there for you. And me.” Dean looks at the slow rise and fall of Jack’s chest as he breathes.
More than the fighting, he’s going to miss the blue eyes always on him, the cheekbones and the messy hair, and the voice that’s probably going to get even lower and Dean’s not gonna be there to hear it.
He can hear Dean talking in the living room. “Hey kid, I have to stop by at work”, he says, “I know, it sucks”, he adds when Jack lets out a disappointed sound. “I’ll be back tonight, yes, before you go to bed, I promise.”
Dean frowns.
He needs to get up and do something, anything, so he goes downstairs to the canteen to get them all some coffee and something to eat. The situation is going nowhere, and they’ll pass out if they don’t eat something.
Sam, the asshole, has set mistletoes up all around the house, like traps. Dean is torn between his stupid wish to get stuck under one with Cas and pointedly avoiding them all like the plague.
He can see it on Cas’s face how right he is and how much the man hates it. Dean feels only slightly bad about using a shy child as an excuse to get to use the grill.
“Happy 18th, Dean.”
The kid eyes Cas one last time halfway through the way, and the unsure look on his face he gives from behind his slightly overgrown bangs makes Cas feel like a failure for leaving him without him or Dean there.
I wanted to, Dean wants to say, but he can’t bring himself to. He just stares at Cas, his hangover easing just by looking at the man in front of him, smiling at him.
“Yeah, well, maybe you should.”
Looking at Jack there, Dean suddenly finds it harder to keep the tears away. The social workers have said, along with so much other crap, that showing feelings is okay, but he’s not gonna confuse Jack anymore by crying right now.
He’s already dreading the way Dean will shrug this off with his easy smile and some joke, and they’re back to being just friends. In his drunk, horny brain Cas had thought he could do this, and maybe he really could've, if they'd only had sex and that's it. But now, with Dean pressing an affectionate kiss to the back of his neck, wishing him good night as he intertwines his fingers with Cas’s, he’s not sure if he’s able to go back to normal after all.
Benny sends him a picture from the bar, it's a dark and blurry picture of a group of people with shots in their hands, smiles wide on their faces. Dean chuckles at the picture, but as he glances quickly at Cas, he’s content with his choice. Maybe Jack being sick took its toll after all.
Jack propped up on one arm, Dean opens the fridge door and puts the stuff from the table there, one by one with his free hand.
“What?” Charlie laughs like Dean expected her to, “So, you’re checking every corner before you kiss Cas or what?” Her face turns softer when she asks, gentler this time, “Why haven’t you told him?”
“Caas…” Dean singsongs, hooking his chin on Cas’s shoulder, “It’s rude to sleep through the Christmas morning brunch.” It wouldn't be, really, everyone would understand but Dean just likes to annoy the grumpy burrito that Cas seems to be in the mornings.
Dean leans down to pick up a paper plate flown to the grass by the wind. “His mom was quite a party chick, so he’s got it in his genes.”
“Yeah, I got a thing”, he explains. There’s a hand wrapping around his wrist, pulling him closer.
He turns around to face Dean, and when he sees the unsure, unreadable look on his face, the start of
“Totally”, Dean pretends to agree, but Charlie genuinely nods at him.
“Because if you do have feelings for him, you have to talk to him, man.”
“Right. Uh.” Dean scratches the back of his neck. He glances at Cas and smiles fondly, like he can’t help but do every time he looks at the man.
“I can cut it if you’re not a fan of a hairdresser”, Dean shrugs.
“Well, in Cas’s defense you have slept with many of your friends”, she points out. Cas zones out of their friendly bickering and proceeds to pour two cups of coffee, one for himself and one for Charlie. They’re heading out for the night, but he has to keep himself up simply to get some work done.
It doesn’t get that much easier, but maybe they get more used to it as the days go by.
Dean Winchester is having the busiest day.
“Just finished breakfast”, Dean says, grinning, “I got to tell Eileen some of the highlights of Sammy’s life.”
The only differences being that he’s not looking at Dean anymore and the fact that Dean can’t joke about his grumpy appearance.
Dean moves so fast it startles him, turning around like he’s a toy soldier coming to life, but it’s not life that’s bursting out of him. It’s sheer, ugly
Dean’s weirdly nervous about Cas joining them, because as stupid as it sounds, going to the park has kind of been his and Jack’s thing. He’s not worried that Cas would ruin the mood but more about Jack loving being out with Cas so much he’s not gonna enjoy the park trips with him anymore.
“I’m taking care of a child, Benny, that’s like a full time job, and more. Cut me some slack.”
“But this is very important”, he says, and Cas can’t really argue with that.
“I need a refill”, Dean announces and stands up. Cas holds out his empty glass and Dean takes it, before heading towards the drinks table they’ve set up and pours some liquor on both glasses.
“You’re hardly an adult”, he says, but bites down a smile all the same, so Dean considers it a win, even though he had no idea he was competing for something.
“Please tell me you got something”, he whispers to Sam on the other end of the line as he steps into the hallway to answer the call.
Dean lives in a small studio apartment, and Cas’s apartment wasn’t exactly child proof either, so the solution they proposed seemed like the best for the situation. Kelly’s apartment is big enough for the three of them, there’s three bedrooms, one that’s Jack’s and one that’s Kelly’s old room, and a small guest room.
Dean doesn’t have time to ask about it when the others join and the conversation switches to something else.
“Dean’s way faster. You’re slow”, Jack comments with an exasperated sigh as he sits on the floor.
Dean’s way to deal with it all is that he projects it all to Cas, who in return projects all his shit to him, and it feels like if Jack is not screaming or whining about something, they’re screaming at each other. If they’re not fighting about something stupid, it’s because one of them has stormed out, only to come back after a moment, staying silent until it’s time to scream again.
So, Thursday evenings become the highlights of Dean’s weeks and he and Sam always have clean clothes and warm, soft bed sheets and towels (since using the dryer gives the two more time to spend together). So, it is a win-win situation.
Keeping up with a regular eating schedule even for the sake of Jack is not a strength for Cas, and some days it feels like if Dean wasn’t there looking after the two and reminding them to eat something, they probably wouldn’t remember to do it until it’s too late.
“Nope.”
Cas is still at work for an hour or so, but Dean calls Bobby if it’s okay that he stays home for today, which his uncle of course agrees to. Then he texts Cas about it, just to give him a heads up. Next, he calls Jody.
“Good.” Dean hopes Cas would just tell him to have a nice life and let him down gently.
Cas is there with Meg, leaning against the railing, bringing his cigarette to his lips, inhaling the smoke. He blows it out, licking his lips before he brings the cigarette back to his lips again.
“We’ve renovated the kid’s section recently, it opened up again this week”, she tells him, “Up to the second floor and to your right.”
Dean’s batting his eyelashes so terribly at him, that Cas can’t not act back.
They don’t get much information, even if Dean breaks his silence to curse and shout at every nurse who comes to give them pieces of information that takes them nowhere, because there’s nothing to tell.
There’s four messages from Cas:
They don’t talk about it after that one conversation, but it doesn’t hang heavy between them either. It’s just that they agreed it’s okay if Bobby seems to think that they are together. And Sam and Eileen as well, or at least it seems that way, since Sam didn’t correct Bobby or laughed at the assumption, and sometimes he or Eileen say things that leave Dean confused, like at lunch when Eileen asked him if they are living together
When he’s done with his shower, Cas’s got some quick meal done for Jack and for himself, and he offers it to Dean too. He’s hungover and hungry, so he grabs a plate and joins the other two on the table, and eats with them before he leaves home.
Sam sips the tea but it’s too hot to drink yet, “What’s up with you two?”
“No.”
“I have to go, sorry”, he gives her a smile.
“Anyway”, he finishes, and sips his beer so he’ll stop being embarrassed. He feels stupid for being at the bar, even though it is his night off and he should enjoy it.
Dean freezes.
Dean chuckles a little. He can imagine Cas saying that. Sucks for him, but that’s not gonna stop Dean from worrying.
“Oh”, Jack says easily, smiling a little, “Okay.”
He’s glad for himself that Jack needed him to join, because he wasn’t sure what he would do if not play with the kid. He sits down on the edge of the sandbox, lifting Jack to stand in the sand. Jack eyes the kids on the other side, who stare back at him.
That sounds like an excuse but he refuses to listen to himself.
“Coffee?” his brother offers, and Dean gladly agrees.
“Thank you. These are actually quite nice”, Cas says, referring to the socks, before tapping a finger against the mixtape. “This, I will have to get back to you.”
Mrs. Kline’s hopeless, loud cry hits Cas’s eardrums like something sharp and cold, forcing him into this reality.
“Fine”, he says, “I’ll do half of it. And the knives.”
Charlie laughs and helps Cas carry the stuff outside, taking the soda bottles Cas took from the fridge. “A real wingman, aren’t you Jack?”
When he steps into the living room, Cas is lying on the couch where he forced him to be, channel surfing with a bored look on his face.
“Ms. Kline was very clear about it on her will”, she nods, “If something were to happen to her, she wishes for Mr. Winchester and Mr. Novak to take care of her son Jack, since there’s no father listed on the records to take that responsibility.”
He figured she’s good company and one more familiar face for Jack, and since she kind of knew the situation they had going on it was easy to invite her. Jo doesn’t know all of it, but the reason why he invited her was based purely on being a good wingman.
“You have toys in here?” Sam asks, pointing at the bag he’s holding. Jack nods tentatively, and Sam looks excited, “What did you bring?”
Novak’s keeping his always so serious gaze on his work on the wall, making long strokes with the brush. Dean looks at him during his short walk back to the bucket. He has gotten taller since last summer – but he’s still shorter than Dean, at least – and his jawline is getting sharper, voice growing lower each summer.
Dean reaches Cas just in time to see the man greeting a redhead with a green dress, that’s no doubt the woman Dean was looking for earlier, the host of this monkey suit party. MacLeod smiles at Cas through her heavy eye make up, chuckling at him, insisting to be called Rowena.
“Yeah, just dropped Jack to his room”, Dean says, pointing a thumb somewhere behind him, “I thought you were staying out all night.”
Cas rolls his eyes at Dean’s mocking tone, “You don’t have to be an ass about it.”
Hot enough for Dean to accidentally hit on him when he was drunk and hadn’t met the guy properly yet, but he’s glad he dodged that bullet before anything actually happened, because Cas is the worst. He’s too serious, clearly doesn’t like anything Dean is as a person, and he gets on Dean’s nerves every time they’re in the same place. Which happens sometimes, since they share a best friend, but that’s literally all they share.
But Jack spots the sandbox, so eventually he has no other choice but to step into this world, before the boy rips himself off the belts holding him in place and escapes to the sandbox on his own.
After the decorations shopping – which only took them a little more than an hour and not five – Cas shamelessly eavesdrops in the hallway when he hears Dean on the phone in the kitchen.
“No, I mean, when you noticed it”, Dean clarifies and mutes the TV, “I could’ve fixed it for free.”
“I can’t, Dean, we only have this one paint bucket”, Novak starts and Dean holds back a groan, when he continues, “I would have to return here to get more paint and then it would drip all over—” and then Dean really can’t hold in any annoyed noises.
They’re staring at each other again, slowly closing the rest of the distance between them. The silence they fall into is comfortable and maybe just what they need after
They’ve been doing so well lately with the three of them, so Dean’s pissed off Cas had to ruin it with this. Even if, deep down, he knows he’s the one who really ruined it.
Cas’s annoyance takes over.
There’s still some light coming from the windows of Bobby’s house, so not everyone is asleep just yet. Dean grabs the key from where Bobby keeps the spare one, underneath the ugly, broken elf statue that has creeped Dean out since he was a kid. The front door makes a familiar sound when Dean creaks it open, the feeling of coming home making him smile instantly.
And with that reality, some more ugly feelings creep up to his gut, but he’s too hungover to register anything else than what he’s already trying not to deal with.
Sam eyes the box for a moment before nodding, and Dean grabs one bag and places it into a mug, pouring hot water on top of it.
“Now, Cas”, Dean demands, crossing his arms, “Otherwise you fall asleep again.”
Fortunately, the man in question seems to be more functional than he is and takes the tote bag with Jack’s stuff from the hospital, picking him up. Jack’s content in Cas’s lap, so he carries him out of the building when they’re ready to leave.
Cas hears Jack’s footsteps all the way from the living room, because the kid’s still wearing his shoes that Cas had left on his feet in the fear of waking him up.
He finds his limit when he’s spending the morning with Jack.
“Popcorn is
When he steps back outside, Dean reaches for the monitor and hands him a beer.
Dean follows Bobby through the garage, all the way to the back door that leads to the yard behind the garage building. There, in the middle of all the other junk, is a busted-up tractor, looking like it’s going to fall apart in any second. It still gets an adoring sigh from Jack when he sees it.
“Meg, it’s not like that”, Cas sighs, not sure what he even means by it.
“Dean it’s fine”, Cas smiles, “
“Look”, Cas whispers when he looks to his left, pointing at one of the closed doors, that has a faint, purple glow coming from underneath the door. “We found it.”
“It’s September.”
Cas lets out an irritated sigh and grabs another freshly washed bed sheet. “He’s a friend of a friend”, he finally answers, “Are you happy now?”
Kelly didn’t make it.
Dean remembers that Sam tried to call him earlier that evening, but he was too busy to answer then, so he decides to try to call him back now, in case he has something important.
There’s rustling of papers on Sam’s end of the line.
“Bad day, that’s all”, Dean lies when he’s able to turn around again.
Life is not the absolute hell it used to be, when they were all staying under the same roof all day and night. Now, it’s simple. When Dean’s at the apartment, he’s with Jack, and when it’s Cas’s turn, he leaves them alone.
“Ice cream and meds it is”, Dean smiles, waving the prescription paper in his hand.
But either Castiel has a really precise schedule and he likes to wash his stuff at the same time every week,
Getting to the second floor was surprisingly easy, because people actually walked around the main area of the second floor that was basically open, watching the artwork there, so that’s what the two of them pretended to do.
When he’s made himself comfortable there, Cas opens the book and starts to read with a quiet voice.
Meg won’t drop it easily. “Seriously, Cas. You have him around all the time, I’m surprised you haven’t banged him yet”, she smirks, “Live a little. I slept with my roommate once, so I highly recommend it.”
“We’ll see you tomorrow”, Dean tells him and he’s missing the kid so much already he can’t even be embarrassed about reaching over to smooth a hand down his hair, while he’s still trapped in Cas’s arms.
“Fuck you”, Dean grunts, sounding more affectionate than angry.
When the schedules got sorted out and Sam was actually free that weekend, they started preparing Jack for the sleepover away from home.
Bobby doesn’t give in to his annoyed tone. “What’s going on, Dean?” he asks, crossing his arms.
“Okay,
trying to set you guys up”, she calms them down, “what I am asking is for you two to be the godparents for my baby.”
“Do you want to—”
he thought Cas looked.
Cas switches the coffee maker on and turns to Jack, holding his hands up, showing nine fingers, “
“And Castiel”, Sam smiles at him when he let’s go of his brother, “So glad that you”, he makes a hand gesture between Cas and Dean, “joined us this year.”
Cas jolts to consciousness just in time to see Dean pushing his bedroom door open, stepping inside.
The plan of their day is made when Cas realizes he forgot to drop some books at the library before coming to the apartment the day before, so that’s what they’ll spend time on today, returning the books.
He walks further down the hallway, out of Jack’s earshot, “I can leave if you want to see Jack, I understand if you don’t want to see me.”
But that’s the thing: they haven’t, because they aren’t actually together, and Dean’s starting to regret that he was selfish enough not to correct his family about this, because a few innocent touches, that Cas actually reciprocates are cool, but
“Cas”, Dean greets with a shy smile when he is close enough, stopping in front of Castiel. The dark-haired man doesn’t make a move to get inside and Dean really doesn’t know what to do. He stands there awkwardly for a moment, staring at the other man before he gets a grip of himself.
“I’m working on it”, Dean answers to Cas, trying to sound convincing.
Dean’s already shrugging his jacket on, “Sounds awesome, man, really does, just, not in the mood tonight.”
“You’re fucking with me.” Dean stared incredulously at his little brother sitting across from him in the kitchen. He was minding his own business, sipping his morning coffee in his usual robe, when Sam came storming in, laptop resting on his forearm. He had a child-like wonder that sparkled behind his eyes as he took a seat. And then he proceeded to tell him one of the most insane things Dean had heard in awhile. In fact, his brain barely processed what he said, his voice stammered as he asked for clarification, “Obviously, I didn’t hear you correctly because I could’ve sworn you just said—“
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas now kept his gaze trained on Dean. His eyes narrowed at him--but not in annoyance, rather just intrigue. Dean figured he was probably just wondering how he managed to rip through his pants. He kept his head tilted upward, chin raised while seeming to search for the answer inside Dean to his unspoken question. Meanwhile, Dean didn't hold back in looking right back at him, surprisingly devoid of bashfulness. If Cas had found a pair of Dean's pants ripped up and covered in cum on any other day, he would've stared at the pavement while his cheeks turned crimson. But given recent events, he could barely find it in himself to care about Cas' judgement.
"Perhaps we have even less time than we imagined." Cas let out a rattled breath and pulled a phone out of his trench coat. He stood up but still remained by Dean's side as he dialed a number.
He heard Sam snort, "Seriously? You've got the chills now? Give me a break."
A succubus.
This wasn't the answer he was expecting. Part of him was grateful that was the
When he could literally hear Cas' shoulders tighten with tension, he realized he wasn't the only one who was mad. And the angel's response proved him right, "It wasn't just the curse that stopped me."
thing he had seen. Another part of him, the part he was trying to keep buried underneath the surface, was disappointed. He weakly coughed again trying to rid his mind of the thoughts of Cas intently watching him stroke his own cock, maybe even liking what he saw....
He hummed in response before looking over his shoulder at Dean. All of a sudden his full attention was on him like a spotlight, his eyes burning into Dean’s soul.
Sam shifted his eyes skeptically between the angel and his very not convincing brother. He then pointed at him, eyebrows lifted and head tilted, “So, you want me to leave and get my own room because you and Cas are gonna spend
“Your lungs are rather powerful.” Cas repeated, in his usual blunt and monotone delivery.
The way his usual light, his spark, seemed to go out in his eyes as he said those words, ate away at him practically every second of everyday.
The hunter bit his lip and nodded as a form of an answer.
But still, what cut through all of that, was that he still saw Cas. He still saw kindness. Selflessness. His cute head tilt. His dorky inability to understand sarcasm. All the memories Dean had of him making him smile. All the good was still there.
“None.” Dean said with actual certainty.
Then, not even destiny, or God himself, could have stopped him from storming over to his new fiancé and capturing his lips in his own. He was pulling him into a full embrace before Cas could even kiss him back.
“We’re just making sure. I assume you’ve heard about the similar deaths in this town?” He eventually got around to saying.
"I know we fit the bill and all, but surprisingly, we both seem to be clear." Sam sounded as if he was reassuring Cas, however with the knowledge that Dean was hallucinating not even half a foot away from him, it did very little to relieve him. He kept looking over at the older Winchester, unsure of what to do. Sam then snickered when something funny seemed to come to him, "Unless Dean was a noisy sleeper. Did he put that honeymoon suite to good use?"
“Not really. How about
and Dean shot back with a
What Dean would give for just one win. One no-strings-attached-everything-turns-out-perfectly-fine win. A win just for him, for a change.
His shoulders slowly and shamefully rose toward the back of his chair. It took him a few seconds to brace himself before he looked around him. When he did, Dean was absolutely horrified to see Sam and Cas staring wide-eyed at him, clearly taken aback. Especially, Cas, who was also donning a tinge of red on his cheeks.
Dean tried to stop Sam’s nighttime routine in it’s early stages, “Wait, Wait, Wait, you shouldn’t have to be forced to share a bed with me....all my snoring and tossing and turning and stuff...”
“And I’m asking why.” Dean narrowed his eyes. Cas looked up at the ceiling in order to escape the intensity of the gaze he was forcing upon him.
But it didn’t quite register in Dean’s brain as such. He didn’t look over at him, he only heard the sound of his voice and assumed he was still hammering him about decorating the tree. He, at last, fixated on what was hanging on the hook he had between his fingers, “Why are you so obsessed with this damn—“
Dean’s eyes shifted between his brother and Cas before responding, “Possibly.”
Dean let out almost a breath of relief. Not because he wouldn’t want to take up his offer, but because he was too tired to.
“No.” Dean cut him off bitterly, feeling his face pull itself into a scowl.
In an instant, Dean could care less about how fragile the ceramic was. He was suddenly holding the ring and letting everything else fall to the floor. The amount of shock that hit him was immeasurable; no monster or human alike had ever left him in such a state of stunned silence. All of the planning and endless worrying, felt like it was for nothing. But at the same time, felt like it was for everything. That it was all the perfect buildup to this very moment. That maybe all of the times he wanted to propose but stopped, was because somewhere in his subconscious, he knew he was meant to get proposed
or Dean respond with a
Dragging the tree inside the bunker was just as difficult as Dean envisioned. If anything, it was actually worse. Dean, Cas, Sam, and Eileen all struggled to shove the tree through the door. It was a job that took ten minutes—which could’ve been done in five if after every few attempts, Sam and Dean didn’t stop to bicker. Cas and Eileen would stand behind them both awkwardly glancing at each other every time Cas would hear a
, Dean could still see the facial expression he made as he said it. He looked hurt—No, not hurt,
Dean scoffed, “I’m not judging. They’re just….interesting.” Cas attempted to grab the basket in frustration but Dean managed to hold it out of his reach as he rooted through the rest of them. One that resembled a hunting riffle caught his eye and caused him to voice his opinion aloud, “I like this one.”
He almost thought he was imagining Cas scooting closer to him, but when he looked up at him, there was far less distance between their faces than there was a moment ago. The angel squinted and seemed to study his facial features as he cut his sentence off with another question, "Which situations, exactly?"
“Fine, okay, I’ll fucking do it first. Now could you please just do what I’m telling you to.” Dean grumbled as he finally held up the hunting riffle ornament by the hook.
Before he could dive deeper into lore to figure out how to kill it, there were sounds of commotion coming from just outside his door. The sounds of several voices yelling over one another.
It wasn’t until they were pulling into Chesterfield that Dean felt the need to break the comfortable silence with a, “Did you find anything else about what we’re walking into?”
Dean proceeded to beg Sam with his eyes, “You’re seriously on board with this?”
When the tree was finally set up, which everyone had unanimously agreed belonged in the center of the map room, Dean and Cas started unboxing all of the decorations. Eileen and Sam were a few feet away from them sitting at the map table, untangling the lights. The bunker’s lights were dimmed for a more subdued atmosphere. Christmas music could be heard faintly playing in the next room over. More than likely, Sam put it on.
Dean had read through exactly how almost a hundred times. He practically recited it to him, "Stake dipped in dog's blood. Stab them in the heart and we're golden."
“Yes, exactly.” Dean tried to ignore Sam’s doubt. He could feel Cas’ eyes burning a hole in the side of his head.
Dean sat back up and covered his face with his hands, mentally cursing himself out for not being able to tell the obvious difference between real Cas and not. He stuttered over his apology, “S-Sorry. Shit, I didn’t mean to—“
“So, we still need a location…..and you’re sure you have no idea?” Sam prodded at him.
“What was what?” He tried to play dumb even if it wasn’t going to do him much good.
“No.” Dean simply said, his voice noticeably angry.
He also didn’t know if he was crazy, or drunk, but he swore a part of Cas appeared jealous. A very very small part, albeit.
Dean gasped as his eyes opened, waking up the same way he had hours ago. His heart beat rapidly and his breathing was shaky as he came down from his high. The events that just happened in his dream began slowly setting in.
If this chapter doesn't have you crossing your legs at least a little then I haven't done my job
Cas could sense as such just by looking at him. His face was pale, a hint of bags had developed under his eyes, his lids barely stayed open on their own.
Dean bit the inside of his cheek, “Watch me.”
He fed the ring through the metal hook holding the ceramic baseball. So, it sat a few inches above the words
Dean’s head finally lifted in his direction to meet his gaze when he had a clue of what he was referring to, which was only made more obvious by the discomfort and tinge of fear written across Cas’ face. Dean bit the inside of his cheek and pointed at him, “No way in Hell.”
Dean glanced over at Cas again, terrified, still not being able to read him. He noticed so many moods clouding over his features at once. However, there was one he recognized: sadness.
I really have no idea how many chapters this bad boi is gonna have. I'm hoping to wrap it up in like 3 or 4. Anyway, as always, thank y'all for the kudos and the nice comments. Y'all are dope.
Then they moved a few more feet to a different shelf displaying tree toppers. Almost all of them were shaped like stars, which is what Dean had intended on getting, but then he noticed Cas staring at the only one that broke the pattern. He was staring at the one shaped like an angel. It was a blonde woman dressed in a white gown holding a harp. She also had a halo and large white wings. He must have stared at it for at least a minute before Dean cleared his throat.
Dean scoffed, “No?”
But before he could start the self-pity fest inside him brain, Cas was moving closer. So close he had to sink his shoulder into the bed in order to lay down. So close that Cas’ ragged exhale was enough to fan Dean’s face. So close that Dean had to pinch himself to make sure he wasn’t already asleep.
It made him feel like a monster. He wanted to just forgive him, because if there was anything Cas deserved, it was forgiveness. But, every time he almost came close, he could practically hear another voice begging him not to.
. He saw all the lies. All the deflections. Mary’s lifeless body.
Dean clenched his hands into fists and seethed, “Cas let me out of this fucking room, right now.”
or annoys you, yeah.”
“Can’t hear you, too busy looking.” He cut him off.
Dean couldn’t have asked for a more perfect moment to go through with his plan.
Not to mention, there was a tiny disco ball installed on the ceiling. Just in case they needed a reminder of how tacky it was.
Sam decided to stop attempting to talk him into it. His hands slowly started inching toward his pocket before pulling out his phone.
far behind them in order to keep track of their wandering.
“Well.......” He pursed his lips and seemed like he didn’t know how to explain his thoughts to him. He tried anyway, “It’s evident that whatever is plaguing this town, is now affecting you, as well.”
After Sam collected all of his belongings, he was out the door, leaving them alone for the first time since he’d woken up. Dean’s stomach was in knots.
That was until Dean sat up again in a panic, not quite prepared for the situation at large. He quickly masked his anxiety with a harsh expression and a gruff tone, “Hold on a minute, Cas. If we’re about to star in
clothes?"
"I-I can't...I...can't sleep...must be awake." Dean mumbled to himself. He grasped the sheets below him for balance.
Heyyyyy I love reading comments, feel free to leave me some :)
"Ah, shit." Dean groaned. His dick was fully hard now.
“Ah, I see.” Cas just nodded and took a few steps back from him. Dean was confused as to why he was almost disappointed at the newly added distance between them. However, it was quickly replaced by relief at his secret not getting blown. He peeled himself away from the door and headed back to the bed. Only getting two hours of sleep was beginning to get to him, the adrenaline he’d experienced upon first waking up was making it’s great escape. As he flopped down onto the mattress, Cas followed him and sat on the opposite side. The usual concern he held for Dean returned in his words, “You are still incredibly loud, there must be something done about that.”
, he thought as he sat up in the bed, still panting. As he looked around, he realized the room was dark, the light that he’d left on by his bed for Cas had been shut off. Not only that, he realized Cas was no longer in the room.
The sheets and corresponding blankets were bright red. The carpet below was a tasteless pink shade. The curtains and adjoining walls were black. One of the bedside tables featured a stereo, as well as an advertisement for pay-per-view erotica. A huge refrigerator, which was also pink, was more than likely fully stocked.
“Well then we’ve got nothing, I guess.” Sam sighed. Dean was secretly hoping they would figure it out soon because he really didn’t feel like inconveniencing him with news about his dream. He was mentally praying they’d find whatever it was in plenty of time.
“No, why?”
Cas had found a ton of information about succubi in the lore, which in extension explained many of the side effects of falling victim to one. And hallucinations were most certainly on the list.
Dean thought he'd finally outsmarted his hallucinations until
Dean almost scoffed.
Cas tried to scold him over his fits of laughter, "This isn't funny, Dean! They were going to have the police called on you!"
Dean sighed in defeat, feeling backed into a corner, “Fine. Tonight.”
“Why didn’t you tell me you know what it is?” Cas almost sounded offended.
He then discarded the soiled sweatpants back into the duffle bag, which he figured was an adequate hiding spot until he found a way to throw them out without Sam noticing. The best case scenario in his mind would be that Sam completely forgot about them and one day down the road asked where they’d gotten to and Dean could say he had no idea.
His head shot up in surprise to see Cas
He knew Sam was going to kill him if he ever saw what he did to his sweatpants. But, in his defense, he didn't exactly have control over his stupid and unconscious brain in this situation.
Dean rose to his feet in a panic. He didn’t know how to act normal after the wet dream he’d just experienced. It was one of the most intense orgasms he’d ever had, and he was only sleeping.
Dean paused during his third attempt when Cas sighed, “Enochian spell.”
Sam still insisted on driving because he did at least believe that Dean hadn't slept well. Dean rode shotgun and Cas made himself comfortable in the back.
But before he could stop himself, bitter and nasty words still spewed from his mouth, ones that he weren’t sure were from the previous issue that he hadn’t begun to process yet or from the frustration he felt at never being able to get what he wants, “You know Jack’s dead, right?”
Cas then laid his palm against Dean’s shoulder and began to sink into his dream.
“Hey, he came all this way to make amends, why can’t you?” Sam pointed at Cas and they both watched Cas stand up a bit straighter. He knew they were looking at him now.
When 7AM rolled around, Sam knocked on their door and collected them both for breakfast at a diner only five minutes away.  By now, Dean and Cas both knew enough about the succubus to hunt it down and kill it. Dean was just hoping Sam had been smart enough to figure it out already without all the extra context clues.
“I just.....I need more time.” Dean spoke with a soft tone for the first time since he’d woken up. He then kicked back his fourth drink.
“Alright, Dean, just try to relax. Hold still.” Cas directed, his hand slowly inching toward Dean’s forehead.
“But you wanted to talk about it.” Cas now seemed more confused than upset with him.
?" He realized as he spoke that his voice was mangled. It cracked and lowered itself involuntarily. And the harsh burn of his throat was suddenly killing him. He, for once, hoped he was coming down with a cold and his voice wasn't hoarse for the very obvious reason he didn't want to admit.
As he made his way back, he saw, much to his surprise, that Cas was
He then took the opportunity to search through the ornaments he chose. A majority of them were various flowers and birds because of course they were. It pleased Dean at just how
Sam sighed again, this time out of frustration. They’d been trying to have this conversation for weeks but Dean never budged. He refused to talk about why he was gone. About what Dean said to him that made him leave.
Dean ran a hand through his hair before answering, “Because I said
And Dean was then hit with another wave of guilt. Because he was the reason he felt inclined to leave in the first place.
Dean pulled bungee cords out of the glove compartment and Cas helped him fasten the tree down. He peaked up at him as he did it, “I swear they had that look in their eyes. They wanted the tree.” He stated defensively.
When he approached them, he could practically see smoke coming out of their ears. The yelling between them stopped as their heads snapped in Dean’s direction.
“All we would need is for Dean to be asleep and I could enter his mind. I would be able to track the source or at the very least, see the surroundings of where it may lie.” He explained, only further confirming what Dean knew he was suggesting.
The angel broke him from his thoughts as he sat on the edge of the bed again, “Dean, what was that?”
After Sam and Cas shared a look of concern—and a hint of irritation, at each other, they headed toward the house.
When the hunter was eventually pulled back into his surroundings by the angel, he attempted to rise from the bed again. Until Cas was pushing on his shoulders to keep him seated.
, he communicated back to her.
Sam didn’t bother to try to clarify what exactly he had been seeing instead. He was clearly relieved by his answer nonetheless, “That might mean we have a bit more time than we thought. I’m also thinking the reason you only hallucinate when you’re tired is because the succubus can only have control over you when you’re asleep, so when you start to nod off it probably thinks you’re sleeping.”
Dean awoke in a sweaty heap on the motel bed, panting slightly. He shot up quickly into a sitting position as his dream that he’d just had played through his head again. His hands bunched up the red material that was draped over the mattress. He figured Cas must have lifted him onto the bed.
“But I think we might need him on this one. Besides, you can’t stay mad at him forever.”
“Whatever.” The hunter snapped while rolling his eyes
He heard Cas whisper.
Dean's eyes opened again, both of the Cas' voices blended together in a confusing mixture that left him paranoid. That's also when it occurred to him that the room was beginning to spin. He felt unbelievably tired. He now feared the possibility of passing out.
Considering it hadn't tasted anything other than his mouth, that comment didn't make sense to him.
Dean’s head felt like it had been deep fried and this time it wasn’t the succubus’ spell. So much had been dropped on him and didn’t even know what to unpack first. He felt his primal instinct to close himself off started to take over, hopelessly trying to rebuild the wall the two of them had just shattered. More like, obliterated.
Dean took Cas’ hand into his own, their newly placed rings scraping together. He huffed out a laugh and took his bottom lip between his teeth, “You realize you’re a stubborn idiot?”
Based on the descriptions of the other victims, it sounded as if they had been suspended in a constant state of arousal for several days—which Dean convinced himself not to be excited about. On top of that, from Dean's own experience, he knew the creature purposely dug into the minds of those it preyed upon and then forced them to act out their greatest sexual fantasies, which no doubt would inspire an intense amount of pleasure. Based on his ruined clothes and lack of Cas in the motel room, he could confirm it was probably too much pleasure for anyone's unconscious threshold to handle.
He wasn’t hard this time when he woke up, instead, he’d already came. The material covering his crotch and stomach was damp. However, that wasn’t what left him mentally panicking.
"Cas, just spit it out." Dean urged him on, just wanting him to rip off the metaphorical band aid.
“Sam,” Deanna says. “I think there’s something wrong with us.”
“Great,” Ada mutters, after they’ve planned, or what counts as planning with them. “Because splitting up always goes so well in the movies.”
Cas screws up her face, which is bizarrely human. “Names are important. You know this. You become what you are. When Gabriel was Loki for an eon, then so did they – did she – become less and simultaneously more.”
Cas turns her head and looks out the window, like one of those dogs who ignores their owner in order to pretend they didn’t hear them.
“Bitch,” Deanna starts to snarl, but the Trickster waves a hand and she’s choking on water. She bends over and coughs it out as Sammy shouts and struggles.
! You have a role, you two Winchester girls. Michael and Lucifer, the two brothers, the Righteous Man and the Girl King. C’mon, Deanna, you’ve already seen the future. Your part in this apocalypse is coming, and you cannot keep fighting it. You two started it, you two finish it, so let’s
“Would you all stop – ” Ada starts, but Deanna holds up a hand.
, her mother once said. Her father had put no stock in religion, not after that. Neither had Deanna, because she had no choice. Of course she’d listened to Sammy, all her readings and her research, but her father’s word had been law.
scream
When Deanna hits Lawrence, she refuels, buys a sandwich, and then picks up Sammy. “Hey,” she says, glancing at her little sister. “No Ada?”
“And another, a red horse, went out; and to him who sat on it, it was granted to take peace from Earth, and that men would slay one another; and a great sword was given to him,” Sammy murmurs, almost to herself.
“Stop!” Deanna screams, shooting the angel. It doesn’t do anything. Her little sister’s still on the floor.
thing that’s happened to us since I stopped being dead.” Maybe they would’ve started hitting each other but something catches her eye, lightning arcing across the sky in the rearview mirror except it’s just the angel, blinking into existence. “Motherfuck – ”
, in this. She’s fighting Raphael! She’s still trying to stop the apocalypse!”
, feels so much more familiar than any facsimile of a loving house ever could.
Deanna just watches it, just watches him, which means she’s just watching when the entire gun explodes a foot from her face.
Deanna will reply.
The town is haunted. The people are haunted, too.
Sammy and Ada gape at her.
“Anna,” Deanna clarifies for herself after a minute.
“Almost,” Cas agrees. She’s actually swaying a bit. “But as Adamine says – not today, bitches.”
(Someday, Cas falls – really falls.
Sammy, on the other hand, stepped right over them.
“Where’s Ada?” Deanna asks immediately.
,” Deanna scoffs.
Well, Deanna found someone who would do it. They’d expected her to cry, told her it would hurt worse than anything she knew. Deanna laughed, and took off her bra. It didn’t matter that they hid under her shirt, that she fucked up the healing when she was thrown into a wall during a hunt. They had been her rebellion. They had been her way to scream,
“There’s an ‘and’ coming, isn’t there.”
When they find out Anna’s a fallen angel, things make more sense. They’re wearing their body like a vessel, even though it’s their own – they almost pass out from the blood loss, genuinely confused as to why.
“Deanna,” Crowley says, drawing out her name in a vaguely sing-song way. “Leave him alone. He’s a means to an end. Now you two, on the other hand…”
!” Ada shouts. “So I did as I damned well liked!”
“Deanna Winchester,” somebody else says, and Deanna looks up just as five feet and three inches of angry angel slam her back and into the alleyway.
Deanna takes a deep breath and wonders what would happen if she stabbed Castiel with the kitchen knife in the corner. Deanna’s never been a saint, not ever, and this girlthing is just a monster, even if she’s an angel. Deanna’s good at killing; that may be all she’s
"Sure,” Deanna replies with a sigh. “Shoot.”
"I think – ”
“Siblings are like that,” Deanna replies. “Why can’t you touch the girl?”
(Zachariah will send Deanna to the future, the world overrun by the Croatoan virus. He will say,
“It’s
, Cas will reply.
“You – why is there a fucking
“Oh, great,” Deanna says, wondering if punching the King of the Crossroads wouldn’t be such a bad idea either. “More demons.”
Deanna feels chills run up and down her spine and something crawl up her throat like terror, so they move the conversation to the impending apocalypse.
“Hey, Sam,” Ada says. “I’ll come do research with you. Michael’s sword, and the weird dogs, you know, it seems kinda like a riddle. It’ll be fun.”
. “Ada!” Deanna yells, and pounds on the door, but there’s no way out. She turns to Sammy, who’s finally waking up. There’s blood on her mouth, a little clumped in her dark hair. Deanna doesn’t want it to be what she thinks it might be.
Deanna can’t breathe. She doesn’t dare breathe.
(When was the first time she looked at a monster that looked like a human, and thought of them not as a human but as a monster?
our problems.”
“We’re not telling you where they are,” Sammy tells the angel.
Deanna glares.
“Bitch.”
. Oh, that’s Sammy’s glare, alright. “John was my biological father, like I said.”
They’re very thrown off without Ada. They’re so used to her, standing behind them threateningly with a shotgun she mostly knows how to use, armed with her offhand medical knowledge and quietly sarcastic comments. There’s an extra beat with their third sister, in the way that she relaxes things, and Deanna and Sammy, even with their recent understanding, are still tense. But then things start getting weird. They don’t have phones, for one. This lady’s talking about the
"You fucking idiot!” Sammy shouts at Deanna as soon as she comes in. “I can’t believe you – I thought you said we’d find another way!”
“There has to be another way,” Sammy retaliates. “There’s
Scratch that, Deanna thinks. Ada’s another good thing in their world, now, no matter how acerbic and cynical and rude she is.
"Shh,” Deanna whispers into Sammy’s hair. She doesn’t know how many hours it’s been, and she’s so tired. “Shh, Sammy.”
they thunder. One of their legs is snapped, but they stand like it does not matter because it doesn’t, wielding a sword that drips with holy oil and fire, shoving themself in front of Deanna.
(That’s not true. John had looked at her like she was something foreign to him, most days. John hadn’t known what to do with two girls, much less two girls who were – not girls in the way that they should have been.
“Uh, yeah, it is.”
Deanna winces. “I got those a while ago,” she says. “Angel wings. Funny now, isn’t it.”
Ada’s the only one acting sane, now. Deanna knows this logically, but she’s also angry and terrified. A Prophet of God? Lilith? The way Sammy flinches when Deanna touches her, because Sammy’s full of demon blood and half the time Deanna’s hopped up on grace keeping her sober –
“Your friend is not hurt,” Castiel says. “Merely sleeping.”
Deanna had wanted to say,
“Hey,” Deanna says.
“For what it’s worth,” Cas says at her shoulder, so quietly it’s barely a breath. “I would do anything not to ask this of you.”
“You can’t protect me if you keep fucking blaming me for
“Ada,” Sammy says absently. “Ada!”
"I’m using these powers for
Their father didn’t like it. It was their father’s fault.
“Ruby’s not a bitch,” Anna says, eyes wide. “Ruby helped me.”
“She’s a pretty one, isn’t she,” Alistair tells Deanna. “Little angel in the trench coat – she still likes you, doesn’t she, Deanna?”
Then Deanna’s slamming herself to her feet, and there’s the taste of alcohol in her mouth, but more than that there’s something buzzing in her veins. She didn’t used to be this blood-thirsty she doesn’t think, but now more than anything she wants to make people
Cas has Sammy’s Bible. Ada’s dead asleep from tussling with a vampire, and Deanna’s drinking a beer and listening to Sammy and Cas, who will at this point have some kind of fragile relationship.
“Where’s your Bible?” Deanna asks, because it’s not on hand, and normally if the case concerns it Sammy’s leafing through it.
, because you did too. That wasn’t my fight anymore. It was
“You sure you’ll be ok?” Sammy asks Deanna, back in the motel room.
“Yeah.”
glad to see you,” Deanna tells the dark-haired angel when she shows up, ruffled and slightly bloody. Even Sammy agrees, and Cas and Sammy usually have a pretty passive-aggressive relationship. This says a lot about the craziness of their lives, currently.
. Deanna doesn’t blame him. Sammy’s got a different feel about her now; she’s always been sharp, but now it’s dark and full of pain. “Samantha, right?”
Sammy gestures towards the exit. “You want to, you know, go?”
“We won’t stop you,” Sammy says. “I know how you feel.”
Gabriel admits bitterly, because she and Deanna pretend to hate each other but they don’t, not now.
“Ada Milligan,” she says, and meets Deanna’s eyes unflinchingly, and
and then something clicks into place and she sucks in a gasp of air, unsure of how she ever forgot. This is when she starts taking stock of her situation – Sammy seems to be having a similar experience, and Ada is…Ada’s holding herself straight, standing in the middle of the field with her head tilted back and her arms spread out.
“Jesus – left turn!”
Deanna glares at them.
, Deanna asks, voice hoarse.
“We’re fucked up!” Deanna might be yelling. “And we’re, like, thirty steps away from the apocalypse! And if you stay with us, you’re going to end up
Deanna levels her a glare. “How long have you been getting that demon blood in your system?” She feels the ache in her bones, the wish for alcohol and maybe, deep within, for the grace Cas would use to get her sober. “What’re you even trying to do with it, Sam, level up or something? Gonna become more demon than human, at this rate, Jesus.”
"What, you think they meant it symbolically? Metaphorically?” Deanna tries to make it a joke, but it comes out flat.
“But Cas tore them down,” Ada says, too quiet. “She tore them all down.”
Famine gets Sammy with the demon blood, and Death gets to Ada with her mother, and Bobby shoots his wife. The world is falling apart, and they’re falling apart, and Cas is growing increasingly desperate in her search for God.
Ada glances back over her, quick and then back on the road. “Once. Four hours ago. When she told me to go here.”
Deanna looks at her sister then,
, apparently their reputation hasn’t done well in their absence. “Where have you been the past year?”
Deanna’s still surprised sometimes when Sammy bites back. Then, she realizes – no, she’s not. Not in any way. Never has been. Moths swirl around her sister, and teeth are silver and sharp in her mouth. Her head’s still broken. So’s Sammy’s.
Ada laughs, and for a moment they are content, and then there’s a raised voice from the bathroom.
“Are we having fun yet?” Zachariah snaps at her. His form is flickering, and the words are breaking and splitting into chords of voices that tear at his vessel’s throat. “Are we having fun?”
. Then Sammy huffs out a sigh and steps closer, all six feet of lanky nerd-girl, and Deanna decides she doesn’t really care.
Jo yelled at his mother.
“Leave?” Deanna responds. “Sweetheart, I’m just getting started.”
“Fuck off,” Ada tells him.
Sammy shrugs. “Cas dropped by.”
“No – listen to me, Jesus, De. You don’t forget about the people you love, ok?”
“Wow,” Gabriel says. “You guys really are dramatic.”
Ada’s fingers clench white around the wheel. She’s got an odd green ring on her index finger, but Deanna avoids looking at it because for some reason it’s far too bright in her vision. “Cas told me,” Ada finally says shortly.
“Oh,” Deanna says. Then, “Will you help us?”
Crowley steeples his hands. “I have an offer.”
(Ada will be there when she wakes up.
This angel meets them in front of stained glass, in a small chapel. This is the kind of place Sammy loves, the light shining on the wooden floors in pale shades of color. Deanna’s never been comfortable in churches, hiding her grease-stained hands in her pockets and hoping nobody’s noticed she hasn’t brushed her hair today, but somehow, Sammy still looks around with a little bit of awe. This is the kind of religion Sammy likes. The kind that will forgive her, no matter what.
Deanna grabs Ada’s hand, and reaches out towards Sammy. “Are you ok?” She asks hoarsely.
Crowley spits things about Purgatory, about Eve. He and Magnus take turns beating each other in the Devil’s Trap, back and forth like a boxing ring. They stall until Cas shows up and burns the bag of bones that are, evidently, Crowley’s. Deanna can’t honestly say she remembers much of the exchange, what with the way the shadows slide around the room. Crowley and Cas in a room together, and the shadows flicker around them, goopy and thick. Deanna can’t take her eyes away, especially when Crowley lights on fire, especially when they grow angrier. Magnus laughs, and laughs, and laughs, horns and cold eyes and gaping darkness instead of a face. Deanna flinches.
Deanna takes the chain from Cas. It’s the amulet, the one she’d lent Cas to look for God, the one that once upon a time held a bargain with an ancient being. It hums, and when Deanna puts it over her head everything goes a little quiet, muted like she’s underwater.
Ada’s retreated, probably to get some sleep, or maybe to text Jo, whose number she got sometime after they defeated War himself and sometime before a freak weather phenomenon took them to the northernmost part of Michigan. Ada’s been less snarky since she locked the two of them in a panic room and tried to go after the First Demon herself, just like Sammy’s been quieter, and it’s throwing Deanna off a little bit. But honestly, she’s still kind of pissed off so it’s mostly just an interlocking triangle of guilt.
Deanna blinks at her youngest sister. Firelight in her hair, golden freckles on her cheeks. “Of course I trust you,” Deanna says.
When they find Sammy, it’s too late. Cas tangles with an archangel to defend the prophet of God; Ruby’s got Ada all strung along. Seems like Sammy finally came to her senses, but Ada’s already stabbed Lilith and made her angry and Ada doesn’t have freak powers on her side so of course Sammy finishes it off, and it’s the final seal but they don’t have a goddamn choice.
“Cas,” Deanna says, and then jolts to a start as Cas stalks towards the car. “Cas, I – dude, I prayed to you. Is there a reason you’ve been ignoring – ”
Deanna hums. She’s got a hangover, and everything still hurts from tangling with demons and angels. She hasn’t seen Cas in a while – she thinks she might be worried by that.
After a minute, Sammy asks, “So what is it?”
They head to South Dakota. Bobby apparently knows a family that can take the baby. He also apparently has a dressing-down for Sammy and Deanna, neither of whom are very excited about it.
The kiss was short, but good enough to make the disappointed expression on Dean's face more authentic than fake, when he acts that he was caught in the middle of something.
“Human?” Cas asks, glancing at him and flicking some of the ash from the cigarette to the grass.
“Anyone would look handsome next to that ugly thing”, Dean points out as he opens the bottle before taking Cas’ and opening it for him.
“I know better than to touch any of the booze she’s stacked this table with”, Dean counters, but Cas doesn’t seem to listen to him as he proceeds to carefully pour something in two cups.
But then Dean started overthinking it, after Sam’s message about bringing this girl Eileen with him, and they’re obviously dating, and maybe Cas will think it’s weird, him joining as a friend. Who says friends can’t join family Christmases anyway?
He, of course, wishes his daughter would not get in trouble in the first place, but he hopes the next time it happens – and he knows it will – it will be on Cas’ day off, because when they both work, it’s always Dean who’s able to leave work for it.
Cas is about to ask what good would that do, but before he can form the question, Sam peeks inside from the doorway to the backyard where everyone else is.
He pretends to not notice the curious look Cas has on his face when he looks at him after that.
“I was a teenager who knew how to get drunk without a game”, Cas says back, taking a sip before the game even started.
Jack turns to look, and the overwhelming joy that lights up his face is very comforting to Dean. The toddler almost trips over when he rushes to get up and runs into Dean’s arms.
“Nope”, Jack states and stays where he is.
He’s so focused on writing stuff down he forgets to keep up the distant way of communicating they’ve accustomed to, and asks jokingly, “Am I right to assume this is a party where I have no business in the kitchen?”
“Cas—” Dean starts, but Cas just drops his eyes at their feet, shaking his head a bit as his mood changes completely.
“Why didn’t
Dean frowns a bit for his question, flicking his eyes away briefly. Eventually he shrugs, “I’m okay”, he says, somehow neutral, somehow still confused about the awkward conversation starter.
“Of what, of Cas? No!” he denies before Sam gets any inaccurate ideas.
, you’re—Jack loves you.”
“Let’s not talk about it, okay?” Dean cuts in, not meeting his eyes.
Cas is still there, leaning against the kitchen counter like he’s waiting for something.
He turns his attention back on the two next to him, “I’ll build you guys one too, should you ever want one”, he says casually.
Cas levels him with a look, “She’s a witch, Dean, what would’ve you done with a gun?”
Dean’s feelings for Cas are no surprise, he’s admitted to himself he’s in love with his best friend a long time ago, but now Cas is looking at him like
“I remember that party”, he says, keeping his eyes in the distance, “I woke up on the floor, my apartment full of people I barely knew, but who I had let stay at my place for the night”, he chuckles again, his mind deep in the memory, “There was like three guys sleeping in my bed, and I
“But—"
“‘Don’t worry, we’ll take care of your boyfriend too.’”
“Don’t get all weepy”, Dean laughs, “What are you doing tomorrow?”
Eventually, when they get up to finish painting the wall, they don’t have a problem staying around the same bucket of paint.
Jack pushes the almost empty plate further from him, saying he’s done.
“I guess I just enjoy making a lot of observations”, he starts, “and then I just point out what I see.”
Jack is on the verge of a breakdown when they have to leave the fort, but they manage to get him to the kitchen without too much trouble. Cas has noticed in the past week or so that arguing with a toddler is actually a lot easier when it’s two against one.
“Wait”, he says as Dean’s about to order a new drink, getting his attention by grabbing his arm, “MacLeod is having another event next week, at her house.” He says, as he clearly listens to the people talking.
He asks her to double his order, and after Benny’s gotten his, the men head to a table by the window. Dean takes a sip from one of the beers right after he’s sat down, sighing content, when he swallows the cold liquid.
Every time they leave, Dean almost asks him out, or his phone number, or last name or anything. He always has the question at the tip of his tongue, but he doesn’t have enough courage to actually ask. Which is weird; Dean is usually so good with everything that comes to stuff like this. He is at his best when he is flirting with anyone he finds hot, making people blush and feel good about themselves and asking people to go home with him at a bar.
“No, I’m sorry”, Cas mutters to the floor. When he looks back up, the expression on his face is his normal, slightly serious one, “It was just nice to have a glass of wine and an actual conversation with an adult, about something other than Play Doh or Paw Patrol, eat my dinner while it’s hot”, he says in a calm tone. He’s shrugging but it looks like he’s just playing careless, “Sue me for getting lost into that world for a second.”
“Hey, kiddo”, Dean laughs in surprise when he hugs the kid close. Cas reaches the others in a bit slower manner, trying not to spill the coffee he’s carrying, nodding his greetings to the men.
The kid’s eyes flutter closed.
“Yeah!” the kid almost screams, jumping and giggling, and his joy is so catching they both mirror the kid’s wide smile.
he tells the kid, shooting a knowing look at Cas who doesn’t look back at him, because he's trying to hide the smug smile he has on his face.
“I am offering shots, and Andrea’s hot, single friends, and Dean Winchester is, and I quote,
coming from the kitchen, but Jack’s too busy to come to the door anymore.
Cas cocks an eyebrow at his dumbfounded look, smirking when Dean grabs the tube.
“I’m not putting anything into your mouth.”
He has no idea if Dean’s always walked shirtless this much around the house before, or is he just now noticing every time he does. He does not like the way he’s eyes glue themselves to Dean whenever he just decides not to put on proper clothes after showering, so he turns down the heating of the apartment for his own sake.
Dean lets himself be stared with that gentle look for a moment before shrugging it off.
He turns around when he’s pressed the machine on, leaning against the counter to face the redhead. “At first I tried talking to him about water consumption issues, but I quickly gave up.”
Dean taps his fingers against the kitchen isle, getting up, “I should probably get some sleep before work”, he speaks, not to Cas anymore.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas is
“That’s my man”, Dean claps a hand on Benny’s shoulder as a goodbye.
Dean glares at him, splashing more paint on the wall. “If I need tips on painting, I’ll ask for them, thanks.”
“Nah, looks like you’re doing great”, Dean winks at him.
oh man, i can't believe we're here!!!!
world?”
“Where’s your sense of adventure, Dean?” he asks, quoting Charlie as he picks up different bottles from the table, examining them closely like he’s about to make a serious and calculated choice.
Dean doesn’t say anything when Cas leaves the room.
“A guy?”
“Okay”, Cas says quietly.
“Of course, you’re one of Dean’s—"
“Are you missing him that much already?” Dean chuckles, but his teasing smile falters when Cas just raises his eyebrows at him.
“All magic”, Rowena confirms, making a gesture with her hands, “Well, this one”, she corrects herself, “The charity event? Real.”
“So, how are you all doing?” Sam asks once they have steaming cups in hand. Jack is emptying his tiny dinosaur backpack to the floor right next to Dean’s chair, not daring to move further away.
“You know we can’t sneak around forever, Dean”, Cas sighs, smoothing a hand down the front of Dean’s shirt.
When he’s gone, Dean has no idea where he is, but he doesn’t ask. ‘Cause that’s the thing, it’s not really his business to even know. They’re not in a relationship, hell, they’re not even friends. They’re just two guys raising a kid together, which is as weird as it sounds.
super late, i'm sorry! but here it is!!! the last chapter!!!
“Dean—” The phone vibrates in Cas’s hand, and he glances at the screen, “I have to go or else I’ll be late.”
Dean hangs up.
“You know, at first when I saw you I thought to myself ‘he seems like friendship material’ but then you had to make me think about sex with Dean Winchester and man, I don’t know if I can be friends with you”, she explains, letting herself in as she walks past Cas, who just stares after her.
“Yes”, Cas nods quickly to Dean who is already on his way back to Jack, “I’m sorry, Mick, but I have to go”, he apologizes to the phone.
Dean crosses the room to hand one of the cups to Cas, who has managed to get a spot from the couch. Dean thought he’d just drop the booze and head elsewhere, but when he steps closer, Cas just scoots over to make the tiniest spot for him to sit in.
He’s not old enough to have the patience to wait for Cas to browse through the aisle to find the things he’s looking for though, and Cas has to repeatedly tell him to
Despite their attempts to search around the house without looking suspicious, there’s no sign of the ring or the energy around it. Dean’s about to call it and give up the search when his phone rings.
, this is
He can’t think too long about it because suddenly Dean’s there with him, introducing them to each other.
Cas presses his lips together, frustrated when Dean twists his words, “I didn’t say that.”
For one, if the social workers called him, they’ll call Cas as well, and two, they haven’t talked since the night at the hospital, and now that the initial shock of it all has gone past and he’s got it under control, he realizes he’s said some nasty shit to Cas. And frankly, he isn’t excited to deal with all that for as long as he can avoid it.
Cas holds back a groan and doesn’t even bother to try to get Jack to stand back up.
It takes them half an hour to get Jack to agree to leave for home, with a promise of visiting again soon.
“We probably should”, Cas argues, trying to get Dean to look at him, but the man keeps on staring at the bookshelf, “I–”
“Dean, we got this.” There are excited sounds coming from the kitchen right on time to prove his point, when Eileen asks if Jack wants to measure something. “See? He’s getting used to Eileen as well.”
Dean is lying on his side, barely fitting in there, his feet outside under one of the blanket walls. Jack sits in the middle, with some stuffed animals.
Dean wants to ask about the sleeping arrangement, but he can’t think of a way to ask that’s not fucking embarrassing. Cas answers Bobby’s question for them because it takes him too long.
“No”, Jack states, “Stay home.”
He jolts from his thoughts when his phone rings.
bedroom”, Cas chuckles, “We can’t tell Jack like this, you know that”, he says softly.
Dean nods, “That’s good.”
And that’s not even the thing that makes his face so sour when he looks at himself from the rear-view mirror.
“Cas thought it was very romantic”, he assures, drops down on the armchair like he’s really cool and grabs his controller. “Let’s win this shit.”
“All we need, really, a moment”, Dean continues. “He’s done fast”, he adds just to piss off the man he’s got pinned against the wall, “I know what I’m doing.”
“Yeah, me too.”
“That is me!” the kid laughs, and Dean joins him, the sound of Jack laughing soothing his sour mood.
Jody says with a smile in her tone,
“You missed me, huh, kid?” Dean chuckles, voice tired and thicker than usual, “Thought I put you to your own bed earlier?”
There’s no other explanation for his behavior, when he grabs his phone when he’s left under no supervision for the second it takes Charlie to text. He taps a message so quickly his brain won’t be able to follow, and after the quiet sound of a message being sent, he throws the phone to the couch.
They don’t talk to each other during the dinner, but the air around the table isn’t tense or on the edge of a fight for once.
“Cas”, Dean manages, voice thick with sleep, “What time is it?”
His phone makes a sound right that second, and he’s biting down a smile when he glances at the screen.
While Dean is admiring the view, the gorgeous man makes a frustrated sound and suddenly turns around to look at Dean who quickly shoots his gaze back up.
i have a fake dating curse that makes me write fake dating everywhere it's somehow possible, so there's the tiniest bit of fake dating in this chapter because i can't help it, it just happens. there's also other things in this chapter, a barbecue and stuff.
“You chose this shirt”, he reminds Dean, who lets out a frustrated groan, dropping his head against the mattress.
“You have the exact same expression on your face as Jack does when he starts to get grumpy.”
“It’s a knife”, the man deadpans, holding the plates in his hands.
“Yeah”, Dean answers, but doesn’t make a move to get up, because doesn’t want to, he’s content just being there with Cas and losing any little amount of sleep he’d be able to get.
Dean stops to stand next to Cas, looking at him from head to toe. The man is wearing a tux similar to his, and he’s combed his mess of a hair neatly back, looking much more put together than he usually does. The pissed off, icy blue eyes and the low growl of a voice are the same as always.
Days go by quickly one after another, just binge-watching movies, cooking and baking, spending time outside when it’s not snowing too much and suddenly it’s Christmas morning.
Now that he’s experienced the reality of it, he’s found it being the exact opposite, and hell if it isn’t better than he ever could’ve imagined.
“Enough talking”, he grunts. “Why haven’t you killed us yet?”
Cas opens his mouth to say something, or maybe he’s just breathing, Dean’s not sure, but the fear of Cas regretting what he said, or thinking Dean doesn’t agree punches the words out of Dean’s mouth.
Cas looks at him like he always does, but the same look he gives Dean feels different all of a sudden. Dean recognizes himself of it. It’s the way he looks at Cas, has been for years.
That gets a dry laugh out of the blonde, she raises her brows at him, “Dude, we spend almost every afternoon at this goddamn park. You wouldn’t be bothering at all.”
“I don’t think I’ve ever played that”, Cas tells Charlie as he takes the cup from Dean.
“You’re not married, are you?”
Dean annoys everyone during decorating the Christmas tree, up to the point where Bobby leaves the living room to get himself a beer. Ellen does the wise thing and stays out of it completely, but Sam and Jo try to put up with Dean’s habit of changing the places of the decorations the second someone hangs something up the tree.
“No, you ass, I said— Why do you have to be so annoying?”
Cas picks up the pace, and as Dean’s words get more incoherent babble rather than a praise, he feels himself getting closer and closer. “Cas, I’m— wait”, he starts, grabbing Cas by the shoulder, “
Cas thinks about Jack when he’s watching a young couple with a baby, sitting at one of the tables next to the cashier. The baby starts giggling when the woman makes funny faces, and he has to look away, because it hurts too much to think about the fact that Kelly might never smile at her toddler again.
Cas turns his attention to the spoons and starts to awkwardly fumble with them, like they’d need any arranging, “If Dean’s said something referring to something like that, I promise—”
Cas’s hand finds its way on the top of Dean’s, and there’s a smile on his tone when he answers, “Yes, we do.”
Cas doesn’t laugh at his joke but has this weird smile on his lips. He doesn’t look amused, but Dean doesn’t have a name for the expression on Cas’s face when he hums,
. “Does it really matter? Would’ve been awkward for Bobby to correct him, and it’s not like it changes anything, right?” he’s rambling, “I can tell him later, if it’s bothering you, but if you’re cool with—”
He actually whispers the last word for the sake of Jack.
Cas’s face softens just a bit at that.
The social services must be happy that this all got taken care of so easily and cheap, but it’s not like they can give Jack to them without
“Someone calling about Jack”, Dean answers, fiddling with the phone in his hands. Up until this point being a godparent has been three babysitting cases and buying gifts on birthdays and Christmases, but this seems bigger than that.
“I know that, but what are we supposed to do?” he asks, turning to look at Cas more properly, “Become parents?”
Cas doesn’t answer but continues scrolling through the movies. Before he can choose any, Dean grabs the remote from him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Jack gives them a quick look before climbing on the couch again, his light brown hair bouncing on his head as he jumps down. He almost misses the cushion he’s trying to jump to, losing his balance for a second.
“What about Kelly’s parents?” Cas asks, and Dean’s happy he seems to be on the same page as him, the page being from a book where he and Cas are the least suitable people to take care of a child.
He leaves a bit of space between Dean and Jack. Sam commands him to stand closer and closer until he’s almost shoulder to shoulder with Dean, awkwardly standing there.
“It’s not like I have ‘lesbian’ tattooed to my forehead”, Charlie rolls her eyes, sipping the hot beverage, “How he would’ve known that?”
Even more heartbreaking is the sight of Mr. Kline, who sits on a chair against the wall, staring at somewhere in front of himself, his expression emotionless. Cas doesn’t know Kelly’s parents very well, he only sees them at birthdays and such, but it’s almost baffling how a man who is usually so smiling and full of life can look so empty.
“I have a child”, Cas blurts out, when Mick is about to turn away.
“Well, I think you’d look really good in a tux”, Cas states innocently.
Dean shoots his eyebrows up, “You know why! Because of Jack.”
“It’s okay”, Cas says, placing a hand on her shoulder. He has no idea what else he could say.
Dean’s at the front door, grabbing his jacket, and just as he’s about to step out, he hears Jack’s excited giggle when Cas starts telling him about something he’s seen on his way to work, but Dean can’t make out the details of the story. It’s something Jack seems to enjoy, and Dean’s glad he’s not sad about him leaving anymore, or he supposes he is.
“And I have three on my head!” Jack tells him proudly, showing the right number of fingers.
So, after getting that far into the plan just by pure luck and a little making out, their luck does a one eighty, with two guards standing outside the small room where, among other expensive shit, the cursed ring is currently being displayed.
Dean just hopes they don’t have to talk about his behavior any more than that.
And the faster he’d get over it and stop thinking about things like that, the better.
Dean smirks mischievously and slides one juice box through the surface to Cas, who catches it before it drops to the floor.
drive me crazy.”
The annoyed and tired
“All good, they’re running some tests, but he’s gonna be fine”, Charlie explains as she walks over to him. “Meg was on shift, told her not to release him without letting us know”, she grins.
The fact doesn’t stop him from groaning in annoyance when he opens his eyes again, this time long enough to notice Cas, sitting on a chair next to his bed.
And right there and then, with Cas by his side, the day, as chaotic as it was, doesn’t seem so bad.
“Yeah, that’s it. I think you should clear a day for the decorations shopping”, Dean points out.
“Nothing”, Charlie says with something in her tone though, “Let’s go.”
Cas does the polite thing and nods a bit, speaking quietly, “Thank you.”
“Yeah”, Dean says and clears his throat. He gets up, “We should get ready. Cas”, he calls, and the other man gets up as well. They take their dishes to the sink before leaving the kitchen.
“I don’t know, Dean”, Cas starts, leaning heavily against the door frame, “I would say I am intoxicated enough to not be considered lame.”
He puts his stuff back on the table and peeks at the screen for the caller ID.
Movie. Dean could go for a movie, he likes movies.
Mick asks.
Cas disappears to the living room, when Jack calls him again. Dean watches him go.
Bobby stays silent about it most of the time, but one afternoon he calls Dean to his office right before his shift ends to check some work schedules for the next week, even if they cleared them yesterday already.
He should wake them up, but it’s not like they’re complaining. And Dean is still tired too, so he closes his eyes and falls back asleep.
The ring glows purple, swaying a little in the chain. “Good thing I keep my precious items close to me.”
It does. But then Jack drops Rebecca Rabbit into a puddle of mud on their way back home from the park. The start of the apocalypse is set, when Dean, a genius, suggests that they’d throw Rebecca to the washing machine to get her clean and to not have mud stains everywhere she goes.
This is the reason he never calls when he says he’ll call.
“Jack, I have to get dressed, come on”, he calls after him. He’s not going to leave him without supervision for a second, not with that much energy in him.
“How do you know my birthday is in January?”
Dean should be happy about the rush because more cars means more money, and don’t get him wrong, he really is. It’s just hard to stay positive sometimes when you haven’t sat down once since you got up the bed in the morning.
there, I would’ve been a mess.”
Cas stops abruptly and slowly turns to look at him, an incredulous expression on his face. “Are you actually starting a conversation with me?” he asks, tone cold and bitter when he tilts his head a bit.
“And then look what me and Cas made!” Jack says, pointing at the race car track.
Cas is really professional at bedtime story reading apparently, his voice is so low and quietly calm Dean is fighting sleep from the first page forward.
Because he’s usually not the one who cooks or does the grocery shopping.
exceeds every expectation he could’ve ever had, because as Cas slips his tongue past his lips, drunk fingers working the buttons open from Dean’s shirt, not only is he fucking good at that, it also feels like he really wants to.
“Dean.” Bobby speaks firmly, like he’s making a point at each word, “You’re a good dad, so don’t go around thinking otherwise.”
Dean forces himself to focus on his task in situations like this, which is the fire. It’s clear that something was burning in the oven, Benny and Mick are already on it, quickly taking care of that. The others are working around him, but he can’t snap himself into action.
If he wanted to argue, he could’ve just stayed at home. But he doesn’t want to think about that now.
“That
“‘Cause I think having your
When he’s running out of things to clean and Jack is content watching Paw Patrol on TV, Cas goes to the kitchen to see how Dean’s doing.
“Embarrassing”, Cas counters.
The sun is out and it’s quite warm, and Dean regrets he didn’t grab sunglasses with him. After the initial horror of being trapped to the stoller, Jack seems to enjoy being out as well, excitedly pointing at things and naming them.
They fall into a second of silence that Cas eventually breaks with an annoyed tone.
They both miss the way Sam and Eileen look at them and then each other.
Cas shifts again, and Dean thinks that he finally woke up, but he just turns his back to them. It does nothing to free Dean’s hand from underneath him, if anything, it gets worse. He’s basically cuddling them both.
The question gets another dry huff of laughter out of Cas, he shakes his head. “You don’t have to listen to me whining.”
Dean gives him a sympathetic look. “And that’s why I’m the one who actually gets laid.”
this was me aiming for that romantic comedy movie vibe
Charlie turns Dean around, looking at him firmly while Jo kneels next to Cas as well, examining him.
Dean gets nervous when they’re ready to leave.
waterproof, but while Jack hated getting it wet when Dean had to wash the soup away earlier, he doesn’t understand why he should take it off while he takes a bath.
“Thanks, Cas.”
“Love you too”, Dean hums back quietly, pressing his lips softly at Cas’s before he hooks his hand around his shoulders, “Come on.”
That’s—not a good start for his night. Dean downs the rest of his own drink in one go and doesn’t think about how
They’re all snuggled up on Cas’s bed the next evening as well, because Jack seems to like it best to be there between them, listening to a story. This time it’s Cas’s turn to read, but Dean’s still there, on the listening end this time.
That gets Dean confused enough to lift his head up as well and turn to look at Cas behind him. Cas wants to kiss his sleepy, slightly angry frown away.
“Would’ve chosen differently if I’d known it’s such a bitch to take off”, he whines, but his mood doesn’t get too sour, because Cas is really making it his job to find the most kissable spots on his skin. Leaving the shirt alone to bring his hands on Cas’s ass instead also helps.
let him sleep past eight, ever. And
Because it’s not
When he wanders to the kitchen, he throws away the empty juice boxes from last night to the trash, shaking his head bitterly.
“We’ve established the fact that I’m the ‘fun dad’ out of the two of us”, Cas tells Jo with a smile, making air quotation marks around the phrase.
“You’ll understand when you’re older”, Dean smirks, and Benny rolls his eyes at the lighthearted mockery.
This is a shaky plan at best, and Dean’s about to give up and head to the bar to get as much free alcohol in his system as he can, before heading back to Sam, when his eyes land on a familiar, dark brown hair and a jawline that’s covered in clean stubble. Fuck.
isn’t awful enough, they have to work with Cas of all people. Sam doesn’t have a problem with that because he’s friends with everyone, and to be honest he’s just as weird as Cas is. They fall into a conversation about the translations for the spell, and Dean gives himself permission to zone out for that part.
Cas is feeling as shitty as Dean looks like right now. The man ignores his presence completely, focusing only on Jack.
Her smile is already tugging at the corner of her mouth, “I don’t make promises I can’t keep, you know that.”
“Hey”, Cas repeats, tone a bit more firm, clearly trying to get Dean to look at him, fingers still wrapped around his wrists, “Listen to me. Jack is going to be fine.”
Cas is a smart guy, Dean gives him that with a wink. He suggests that Cas figures his work shit out first, and he’ll check his after that, and Cas agrees to it.
, not Cas.”
to walk like a person”, Dean chuckles quietly, tightening his grip on Cas’s waist as the man hits his toes against a step again.
“Apparently we don’t have to have that since you wrapped it up nice and easy.”
Jack hides his face on the crook of Dean’s neck when Sam tries to greet him. He gives them space to step inside, enough that Dean manages to put Jack down for the second it takes him to take his own jacket off, the kid glued to his leg as he warily eyes the tall man who’s apartment they’ve just entered.
That’s the lamest excuse in the book, but the thing is: he wasn’t gonna call the girl in the first place. He’s an ass and he knows it, but there’s no harm in saying
“You would have to like someone enough to get married, in order to get divorced”, Cas says, tone icy.
”, Sam confirms,
Like the way they’re sitting down together, but away from each other with Cas at the kitchen table and Dean on the other side of the room by the kitchen isle.
“Jesus
The boy peeks from behind the curtain with interest, like he always does when Dean starts with a tone like that, like he’s about to tell the best thing ever. Dean waves the basket at him.
Dean glances at the kid in his lap, who’s staring back at him.
Charlie gives Dean a weird look.
“Alcohol is known to affect one’s motor skills, Dean”, Cas counters calmly, but Dean can feel the asshole smirking against his skin.
They’ve chatted a few times about going for a coffee or something, but it’s been hard trying to match their busy schedules. Cas didn’t expect him to show up on his door.
There’s a hand placing down a carton of juice in the shopping cart before it lands on top of his on the handle.
He checks the oven just to confirm that it’s completely ruined. The rest of the kitchen looks surprisingly clean, considering there was almost a fire starting.
“Well, do you— want to get that promotion?”
Dean freezes and under the hand that’s resting on Cas’s shoulder, he feels the same taken aback reaction on him. They both look up, eyes meeting above Jack’s head.
“Of course you’d think like that because you’re boring”, Charlie rolls her eyes, “It’s my birthday, dude. A huge annual thing, deserves its own piece of cardboard”, she claims firmly, before adding, “Also I’m, like, super bored at work.”
His tiny face is pale except for the tip of his nose which is bright red against the paleness of his cheeks.
Now Castiel can’t hold back the eye roll, but the spark in his eyes doesn’t dim one bit and Dean’s so crazy in love with him. “I bet you do.”
“You liked being with Sam and Eileen, right?” Cas continues.
“Cas, I must say, you seem just as dreamy as Dean’s told me.”
Jack’s face lights up when he sees Dean arrive at the living room. The man crashes straight to the couch, the pale color of his face and the bags under his eyes make him look like he’s still hungover.
She turns to Dean, and there’s nothing he can do, when she steps closer, lifting the knife ready. The sharp blade cuts through all his layers of clothing and through his skin easily. He hears Cas’s loud cry of his name when the hot, stabbing pain shoots through him as blood starts pumping out of his body. His limbs get heavier, his head is spinning, the warm blood on his stomach feels sticky and wet.
(See the end of the chapter for
they should say, but it’s the
find me on tumblr
Dean’s done a pretty good job avoiding being around Cas all day, but he’s not going to say no to a child who wants to play a board game, because it’s not his fault that he’s fallen in love with Cas.
He wouldn’t be surprised if Jack would pull that off.
“If she’s somewhere watching, she would be happy with what you pulled off today”, Charlie says quietly, a soft look on her face as she looks at him from across the yard.
If this turns out to be something more, he would have to eventually, but now it seems pointless. Mick seems like a lovely person, but he’s happy for the lack of questions for the moment.
“You’re an ass”, Dean repeats. “The deal’s off.”
“That’s a solution”, Cas says back, and it’s
The man has dark brown hair that was the right amount of messy to look sexy, stubble around his cheekbones, serious gaze and these beautiful, blue eyes. Dean shamelessly stares at the man as he walks over to one of the free washing machines, the green eyes following the t-shirt covered back all the way down to the guy’s ass as he leans down to grab stuff from his laundry bag.
Dean nods and accepts the coffee that he just now realizes he’s body desperately craves. These women seem to have come equipped, with years of experience that he clearly lacks.
“Oh, we’ve had a good day”, he grunts from the couch, rubbing his temples. “Super.”
They stare after him in silence.
Jack takes his place on the left side of the bed. Cas tucks him in, under the other blanket, and the tired pout on his face melts away. He’s on his side, face towards Cas, hugging Rebecca close. Smoothing a hand on Jack’s hair, and watching the kid’s eyes flutter closed, Cas gets comfortable as well, tiredness weighing him down too.
“Nice to meet you too”, Cas says and signs the same, because he knows a bit of sign language, and he’s always mindful like that. Dean wants to smack himself for not learning to sign even just that.
The way Cas looks at him reminds him too much of that time under the mistletoe, and his smirk falters a bit under the power of that look.
“I know that”, he snaps, before he can control himself, “I know that”, he repeats in a calmer tone.
“He looks ridiculous”, Cas comments quietly.
“Maybe I don’t, but I asked”, Dean shrugs, feeling uneasy because there’s clearly something bothering Cas. He doesn’t like feeling uneasy, “so spill. What’s wrong?”
So, when she lets go of Dean for a second and says she’s going to grab another drink from the kitchen, Dean’s not joining her because he takes the moment to talk to Benny and Andrea who just arrived. He’s also busy ignoring the fact that Cas is nowhere to be seen.
, Cas breathes, letting his head fall forward, his whole upper body following, “I am in no shape to take care of a child right now, Dean.”
It’s easier to speak now that he’s not looking at Cas. “Probably wouldn’t be any good at it if you weren’t looking after my messy ass anyway”, he says, even if what he really wanted to say was that he couldn’t do it if it wasn’t for Cas.
“Cas, he has the hots for you just as badly as you have for him”, Meg deadpans and sips her drink that looks so much like water it has to be vodka.
Dean chuckles, getting up from the wooden surface, and on instinct he holds a hand out for Cas, pulling him up when he takes it. “That’s a start. Can’t promise you days of sleep, Jack would start asking questions”, he adds sadly, earning a chuckle out of Cas.
Jack is arranging his plushies around one cardboard box he’s turned into a table, speaking quietly to them when he’s finding places for everyone, checking the oven of his tiny kitchen.
“I’m sorry”, she cries, “Kelly’s been—there was an accident.”
“And you do the laundry”, Castiel continues, voice low, nodding towards the pile of neatly folded clothes before leaning his back against the sofa, “and you take very good care of our home and our children.”
Silently, they glance at each other before looking around for a place to hide. There isn’t any, and in seconds the guard, who’s keys they can hear clinking in the keychain, is about to step around the corner and bust them right there.
“It was nothing”, Dean waves it off easily, but his eyes are instantly glued to the takeaway mug, and Cas hands it over.
“Whatever, I was here on time”, Dean says and drops his arm on his face again, “so I win.”
“The food better be delicious”, Cas deadpans, and Dean smirks before even realizing it.
He sighs as he gives in.
“What?” he asks.
“Oh”, Cas reacts, before frowning, “Is everything okay?”
“Well, I hope we got enough for everyone”, Cas corrects, eyeing the box worriedly.
This is not the first fight they’ve ever had, but there’s a different level of hurt and anger in the air than there’s never been before. Cas has no idea how this conversation ended up where it is now but being filled with anger is somehow easier to take right now than to face the heartbreak behind it.
“One day, hopefully.” Benny sounds so uncharacteristically sappy it takes the power off of Dean’s teasing and he rolls his eyes, even if he’s happy for his friend. Being with Andrea looks good on him in a way none of his previous dates have.
“He is, isn’t he?” Cas agrees, smiling.
And the thing is, Dean wouldn’t do any of that if Cas would seem uncomfortable about it, because while he has a crush on the man, he’s not an asshole.
They fall into a weird staring contest, but it’s broken when Cas’s phone rings suddenly.
Realization hits Dean as he recognizes the man, it takes him a second because the only time he’s seen him was in the dark of their front porch, kissing Cas.
Still naked, from last night.
Cas agrees with a smile. Before Dean can continue the conversation, the man’s focus is somewhere else already,
Dean had managed to stop by a food stand to buy them some sandwiches to eat on the small walk to the toy store, to avoid the hunger souring the mood for either of them. According to Cas, both him and Claire handle being hungry very poorly, and he tries to keep that in mind.
“See, I’m right”, Dean says, pointing at Cas.
Cas could literally just stand there doing nothing and be the hottest thing Dean’s ever laid his eyes on, probably.
Jack wakes up from his nap before the first guests arrive, and they have time to get some food in him and get him used to the idea that the house will be full of people.
Cas knocks on the door impatiently, when he’s drying himself,
“I know that, you ass”, Dean snaps, “but we’re just his guardians on paper.”
“Sorry I ruined your shirt.”
Dean would be lying if he said kissing Cas is the only thing he’s daydreamed about like an idiot, but the actual feeling of
Unless he gets something out of it.
“Did... Dean say when he was coming back home?” Cas asks just when Sam’s about to leave. The tall man turns back towards him, looking confused.
“Cas”, he repeats as a greeting, gruff voice matching his appearance. Cas doesn’t like the way Benny’s eyes flick at Dean before they’re on him again. “Nice to meet you.”
“Cas said Dean’s honey”, Jack says, looking at Dean, who has to stop to laugh.
“And they let you leave just now?” Dean asks, “Is that even legal?”
wedding?”
“Dean Smith”, Dean cuts him off, offering his hand to Rowena while placing the other one to the small of Cas’s back, “his husband.”
Can’t be too severe damage if he’s still able to argue with Dean.
“You should all be in the picture! Family portrait”, he explains as he pushes Dean back in front of the table too, when he’s trying to escape. He takes his phone from his pocket, “Where’s Cas? He was here just a second ago.”
“Yes”, he says just as Cas says, “Of course.”
Dean gives him a pointed look once they're inside. “We can get drunk.”
Cas steps to the hallway from the kitchen as well, watching them as Dean tickles the boy in his arms.
Dean throws the screwdriver into the toolbox in protest, “Fine”, he gives in, “An hour. I don’t want to spend all evening here, I’m melting already”, he whines, gesturing around the hot air in the garage.
Jack gets impatient in his arms, so he absentmindedly lets the kid go. “What are you doing?”
Dean’s an idiot when he’s desperate enough, letting his guards fall down to enjoy the moments this whole day has been full of. It feels like a good idea for that second it happens, but it fucking sucks when the moment ends, because it always does.
“I mean if I’d have to go through one more drunken phone call about—"
Dean’s taking a break from work for now, because Bobby’s the best employer and uncle in the world, but Cas is getting back to work full time soon, and to be honest, Dean wants to get out of the house as well.
Jack looks around with this excited expression with hints of being a toddler in a new environment, but when Dean glances to his right, Cas just looks plain annoyed.
Dean catches Cas’s grumbled, “Don’t I know it.” right before Jo slams the doors shut.
They walk out of the hospital in a much lighter mood than they had arrived with. It’s obviously the fact that Jack wasn’t seriously ill even if it got really scary for a moment, but as Dean watches Cas chat with the toddler while he fastens his seat belt, he realizes something else.
“What’s with the lemon face?” she asks him as she starts to refill her cup.
“Wow”, Sam deadpans, “
Right. Dean flashes an apologetic smile, “Kasey, of course.”
Dean dips his way too small brush into the bucket and sloppily starts brushing the paint on the wall. Novak next to him takes some paint on his brush too but examines what Dean is doing.
They’re turning eighteen before the next summer and they won’t be here anymore. The only thing Dean has been worrying all summer about is letting Sam come here alone for the first time next year, he didn’t even think of
Dean genuinely looks like he has no idea what Cas is talking about, and it makes the expression on Cas’s face turn bitter, when he’s forced to elaborate.
Dean spots Cas in the living room one evening reading a book about how to raise children, but he’s pretty sure the answer is not gonna be on the pages.
“I—don’t think we’ll all fit in here”, Dean says awkwardly, staring at Cas.
There’s a shaky breath on the other end of the line, and the crying makes it hard to understand what she’s saying.
Charlie walks in just as the two walk out.
“Uh, no”, he manages, “he’s uh—"
Dean is still buried under the covers, Jack sitting half on top of him, rambling about his big day. Cas stops at the doorway, unsure to step in but lifting the cup in his hand for Dean to notice.
Dean has no idea how Sam has that much power over him, but he needs to step up his game. He can’t have Sam walking around and guilt tripping him with dying people to get him to do whatever he wants.
“No, no, you’re right”, Dean nods. It’s not like their living situation is normal anyway, so they might as well have weird ways to deal with it. Beats fighting all the time, probably. “I’ll book the next Friday night free, if you don’t have dibs on it.”
“It’s fine, I am”, Dean grins as Cas shoots him an irritated look, “and Jack certainly is.”
! your comments and kudos always make my day AND they get me through the times when i struggle with editing the chapters <3 two more to go!
Someone calls their kid from the jungle gym to grab a snack, so Dean checks the time as well.
Yeah, Dean could get used to doing his laundry like this.
He can’t bring himself to open it.
Trying to explain his shitty work situation and the joint guardianship with Dean to a three-year-old is not easy. The only thing he will understand is the fact that you’re not there.
Because if he’s honest, he almost is, there’s tears already in the corner of his eyes.
Dean jolts from his thoughts when the passenger door opens and a duffel bag is thrown to the back seat, before Cas slides to the front seat, closing the door behind him. He looks like he’s just dressed as quickly as he could, the hood of his hoodie stuck underneath his jacket collar, holding a pair of gloves in his hand, hair sticking to all directions at once.
What if Cas doesn’t remember last night? Even worse, what if he does and he wants nothing to do with Dean anymore?
Eileen calls from the kitchen door, and Jack basically pushes himself free from Cas’s hold to run back to the kitchen.
“Dude, it’s a kiss”, Sam laughs, ignoring Dean’s joke, “Sure you’ve done that before.”
He expects Jack to run off as soon as he’s got the equipment in hand, but instead the kid steps closer to Dean, eyeing the sandbox with an unsure but curious expression on his face. It was empty when they were looking at it from the other side of the fence, but now there’s two kids playing in it.
“You’re both the
He feels weirdly relieved about how he’s actually having second thoughts about ending the night there. But it’s too late, they’re already at the door, and it’s a wrong one.
“I don’t know if we’re doing the right thing here”, Cas says, to the sky like a confession, “I don’t know what the right thing is. I just miss you so much–we all miss you.”
“Nothing to spill”, Dean answers, yawning, “Just tired as fuck, I guess.”
at the store when they refuse to buy something he wants.
look.
“Because I have, Bobby”, Dean says, eyes hopeless, “At first I thought I’m an okay guy for this dad thing, but I don’t know, lately I just”, he lets the end of his sentence hang in the air because he doesn’t know how to finish it.
Jack dumping a bucket of water on Cas’s head and the content smile the child gives him when he gets his precious bracelet back make up for it, though.
Dean wants to shoot Jo, then himself, and Cas, and everyone else in the room, just to be sure.
“Wow”, Cas comments, eyeing the tray full of food.
“What gift?”
Dean’s a professional. He’s been told he’s very good at his job, he runs into burning buildings in a heartbeat, no fire is too much for him, and most importantly: he’s always been able to keep his cool, and focus on the job no matter the pressure.
Cas lets out a dry laugh, “He doesn’t.”
But Cas likes the place too. It’s not too crowded, and even if it’s a warm and a sunny day, only a few of the other tables outside are taken, so they get their food quite quickly.
They’re forgiven when Dean hands her their present with the card Jack drew for her, and she instantly smiles as she looks at the scribbles on it.
Jack arrives at the doorway and asks if they could go outside to play monster, and when Dean agrees to it, Cas gets up and says he should get some work done, to give himself an out and an explanation to Jack.
Cas quickly looks up to see if Dean thought it was weird, but the man just nods firmly.
Start your own business, while you have two kids and a husband who works in three shifts at the hospital, they said. It’ll be fun, they said.
The doctor smiles warmly at them when she comes in with the diagnosis. Jack, like an average toddler, has otitis.
“It’s a shame, really”, he says sarcastically. Cas chuckles as Jack runs back to the living room, explaining that he has more he wants to show.
Cas looks relieved. “Thank you”, he says, “You can stay over whenever you want as well.”
“Busy”, she chuckles and takes a sip of the drink. Cas hums in agreement.
Sam says, when Dean asks why he called,
Cas glances at Rowena, who’s surrounded by a crowd of people on the other side of the room. “Maybe we can get ourselves invited.”
Cas opens it when Jack starts to get anxious for him to do it. There’s a coffee mug with colorful patterns on it.
“The first time I caught you smoking", he says like a thought out loud.
They surge towards the redhead, but as she raises both her hands, a purple glow floats through the air, slamming them against the opposite walls.
“But I don’t
he didn’t have any embarrassing
“He is not a hookup”, Cas repeats, trying to keep his voice down since Jack is still sleeping, “He was in the neighborhood and just came over for a second”, he explains, and Dean can hear the anger rising in his tone. He opens his mouth to protest, but Cas speaks over him before he can even start:
Cas’s stomach growls. “Is there more soup left?”
Cas opens his mouth, but Jo cuts him off before he can say anything.
Dean studies Cas’s expression for a moment, but he can’t really read it.
She gives him a confused look, and so does Dean.
Jack doesn’t let go, but shoots them one of his angriest glances, boosted by the overgrown bangs falling to his face from behind his ear.
“We’re good”, he states, even if he would kill for a nap on the shrink’s couch.
“If we’re watching a movie, I want popcorn”, Cas states. Dean has consciously avoided looking at Cas after the moment under the mistletoe, but now he can’t not look at him with his trademark ‘are you fucking serious’ face.
“I told you it was on when I turned on the TV.”
Cas enters as quietly as he can when Dean lets him in first. They’ve only taken off their shoes when the floor creaks a bit as Bobby enters the hallway from the living room. He looks like he just woke up from the couch when he heard the two of them coming in.
Jack climbs to the bed and Dean tucks him in before sitting down on the floor, taking the bedtime story book that the kid had chosen for tonight.
“What was that for?” Dean hisses as he folds over with the pain for a second before he forces himself to stand up straight. Cas glares at him, obviously pissed off. His hair is slightly disheveled from Dean’s touch during their short but intense making out session.
Jack looks like he’s sleeping on the bed, and he probably is, looking pale and powerless, and Dean is thinking about the night of the accident. He registers the nurse saying it’s nothing too serious, but looking at Jack there, Dean has a hard time making his brain believe those words.
Rowena MacLeod is obviously rich, because she’s able to host charity events at old museums and own stuff in rare collections, but Dean still whistles a bit when he looks at the mansion-like house in front of them. There’s a lot of ground to search during the night, but it’s fancy.
The choice of his words leaves them both taken aback, followed by a moment of them trying to ignore the fact that they’re just staring at each other, and the fact that the weird choice of words is true: Jack is
“Can we get ice cream?”
Jack finishes his Cheerios, almost at least, but Dean doesn’t need another argument for his morning, so he agrees to take the cup and hands the kid his coloring book he’s been itching to get to.
Dean picks Jack up from the chair when they’re done eating, holding him close.
They had a rule, and it annoys him that Cas didn’t keep it. But it’s not like they were having sex in the kitchen, so Dean has no idea why it pisses him off so much really. Which, kind of pisses him off even more. This is their house, Jack’s home, so maybe Cas should share his cute moments with that Mick guy somewhere else, because they sure as hell don’t belong here.
like— Are you saying—”
Or anything else from now on, either.
After once again fishing a kid from underneath the bed after an attempt to comb his hair, Dean suggests a hairdresser.
Dean’s eyes widen.
Cas looks at him, confused, “What song?”
”, Jo breathes, raising her glass to toast, “Castiel, I am a fan of yours already.”
As they're walking towards Mick's car, Cas thinks he could even go home with him.
“Okay that’s enough, Jo”, Dean cuts her off, moving to stand between her and Cas as if that would protect the other man from hearing more. Jo has a playful grin on her face as Dean glares at her, “Why don’t you take your crap to the guest room and settle in?”
“No, there is not”, Dean says mock-sadly, but he’s biting down a grin when he sips from his cup, “I am sorry.”
Dean pushes himself to stand and Cas forces himself to look away.
Dean can’t stop smiling either, “Yeah, me too.”
“Well, thank you for inviting me”, Cas says quietly, “This has been much more pleasant than being alone at home already.”
“Never have I ever been in love”, he says with that annoying smile.
Charlie lets go of his hand when she folds in half, laughing. Cas just frowns at the woman when she wipes tears from the corner of her eyes.
Cas grabs two cups from the shelf and pours hot water on them, handing one to Mick with some tea from the shelf too. He asks about the meeting that brought Mick to that part of the city, and they fall into a nice conversation over the cups of tea.
“Yeah, that machine always has some problems”, Dean explains as he gets up to help. He notices how the man doesn’t step away as he gets into his space to work on the buttons, but stays close, watching Dean.
By the sound of it, Dean sits up as well. “So, uh... “ he starts, maybe with a chuckle, Cas is not sure.
he grunts,
Dean dips his brush on the paint and walks to the other end of the wall. He leaves a trail of white drops of paint on the grass but fortunately Novak keeps his mouth shut about it.
“He’s, uh, a bit shy”, Dean explains, trying to get Jack off his skin enough to get him to eat.
Cas is about to shoot some comment back at him on his way back upstairs, but right before he turns away, his eyes catch the way Dean grabs the hem of his t-shirt, taking it off and using it to wipe the sweat off his forehead.
“What the fuck is that?” Dean asks as Cas draws columns on it with a black marker.
Cas pinches him painfully from the side that’s not visible to the guard, and Dean tries not to jump.
“You’re the best”, he sighs and takes a sip of it, “I keep telling Bobby the disgusting crap the coffee machine in the break room spits out
Most of the people get up to go outside, to the bathroom or to get more drinks, a few stay behind, chatting with each other. During the game it was pretty easy to ignore whatever the fuck happened at the balcony, and Dean figures that avoiding being left alone with Cas really helps. That, and getting more drunk.
“Hello, Dean”, he greets when the man arrives in the kitchen, scratching the back of his neck as he makes his way to the fridge.
Charlie looks like she doesn’t buy into it for a second.
She grimaces at the memory and Cas relaxes a bit now that he doesn’t have to worry about throwing some poor girl out of the house. He doesn’t understand how seeing Dean naked would be that bad, he’s seen enough to tell he’s probably very attractive without clothes as well.
“So you can stop staring at him like that.”
“You should make longer strokes with the brush to make it more even”, Novak says and
“Okay”, Dean says with a firm nod to no one in particular. He stands like he’s getting ready for a serious mission, “Let’s do it.”
Waiting is the worst and comforting at the same time. You’re in a constant lack of information, but there’s no bad news if there’s no news at all.
He holds a hand out and the boy takes a firm hold of his index finger, letting Dean guide him towards the sandbox, where the two older kids are already playing.
He regrets what he said the second Cas is out of the kitchen.
He’s not seriously thinking Cas would want something like that, but hey, there’s that tiny part in his brain saying
Dean wants it to be done as fast as possible, so after being mean to his grinning little brother, he grabs Jack into his arms, bracing him on his left hip and bringing his other arm on Cas’s shoulders, yanking him closer.
“It was a nice party”, Charlie breaks the comfortable silence between the two of them, and Dean hums in agreement. “Jack’s learning from the best, soon he’s partying like a Winchester back in his days”, she continues and they both laugh a bit at that.
“Why does it bother you?”
“Good thinking”, Cas chuckles, awkwardly arranging the pile of some papers he’d gone through already on the kitchen counter.
“I already
, as Dean learns the second time they happened to be there at the same time) is there almost always at the same time makes it much more enjoyable.
Despite Jack’s light and happy tone at that, it hurts Cas to hear it.
They fall into a silence, staring at each other again. Dean feels like he’s unable to stop smiling, but Cas is smiling too, and Dean could stare at him until sunrise and be damn happy with it.
Dean was annoyed about Cas’s night out, and he didn’t enjoy seeing all the smooching at the front door, but he enjoys seeing Cas like this even less. Like something’s bothering him, and he’s trying to hide it.
this chapter was soooo hard to write because i went so out of my comfort zone with this one, and i'm still not sure if it's quite what i imagined to be, but i really hope you liked it!! <3 if you want to share your thoughts, leave a comment or come scream with me on
he explains, sinking further down in his seat, “Doesn’t really leave room to plan some romantic scene, aren’t you supposed to have roses and fancy dinner and shit?”
time for the another birthday!
“No, Jack, I’m not mad”, he answers, tired and apologetic.
Cas grabs his phone from the nightstand.
“Hey, it’s not that bad, don’t worry”, Dean laughs and tortures himself with another gulp of the drink, just because it brings a slightly disgusted, but a fond smile on Cas’s slips when he does.
They look at each other for a moment, smiles growing wider as the situation eases.
“Little guy being picky?” Jody asks, as she pours coffee on the mugs she’s brought for them.
In this case, having a too nosy neighbor is actually a good thing. Dean recognizes her standing there, and she’s probably the one who called 911. He ignores her and hurries to open the door.
“I can take the dishes”, Cas suggests. Putting Jack to bed should be a piece of cake, you basically had to carry him to the bed and if you’re lucky he’s asleep by the time he hits the surface.
“You know what? Blow me, Cas”, he finally settles on grunting, because that’s all he’s good for; shitty and mean comebacks when he’s too scared to say anything else.
They turn to look at Jack, who is busy pulling all the couch cushions to the floor to jump on them, clearly taking advantage of the situation that they seem to be too busy to tell him not to.
They stay quiet for a moment, and with no sense of time left, Cas has no idea how long they stand there. He can’t bring himself to move or to talk.
“But is it?” Dean argues, frustration taking over his embarrassment for a second, “I mean, I’ve never done this before, all my previous relationships have been based on nudity and alcohol and haven’t required any talking, but this isn’t like that, right?” he rambles, “So how do I know?”
Jody greets him with a friendly tone.
“Do you—wanna talk about it?” Dean asks.
And Dean can
Jo is checking his head, “I don’t know if it’s that or what, but he’s hit his head.”
“What do you mean?” he plays dumb, which is ridiculous because Charlie is his best friend, and he’s too tired to constantly keep his guard up.
“Shut up”, he says, mock offended as he sticks the straw through the carton. “I’m mature as fuck.”
Now it ends when Cas closes the bedroom door after them as quietly as he can. They’ve sat there in the silence for a moment to wait for Jack to fall asleep properly before getting up and sneaking out.
“Sounds super, I know, but Cas…” he looks at the hesitant way Cas stares at him and tries to figure out how to put it without having to talk about it.
The hunter leers, but it’s less a leer and more an examination, of Deanna’s flannels and messy bun, of Sammy’s goth-lumberjack vibe, of Ruby’s mascara and skintight jeans. They’re a motley crew, and Sammy’s narrowing her eyes at him in return –
Deanna takes a slice. “Do you plan on killing me, uh – sir?”
“She’ll be fine,” Deanna says instead of answering.
Deanna closes her eyes, but she doesn’t let Ada go.
The fucking
“Blasphemy! Blasphemy – ”
His face haunts her dreams, leering at her, and then Castiel is leaping at him and for the first time she sees the avenging angel that the Bible promised, the ones who razed the earth and fought the warriors of Satan. Deanna returns the favor and swings a crowbar into Alistair’s head when he chokes Castiel. And then Anna has their grace back, and the earth is shaking as Heaven and Hell match forces and then it is all over.
Cas tilts her head. “Did I mean what?”
Deanna does not want to admit that her sister has a point, so she just doesn’t reply.
Sammy’s flashlight has found the edges of an enormous crater, and when they shove through the underbrush, there they find the body. Rather, it is not a body; the flesh is gone, the bones picked clean, but the skeleton remains in place as it died. The only part of the body no longer intact is the skull, where the eye sockets have been caved in. On either side are enormous wings of ash.
, Deanna says, not sure whether she means it.
Cas looks at her with eyes that are mourning. Eyes that are empty.
Deanna answers honestly, and bitterly. “I have no fuckin’ clue.”
“As always,” Ada says, “your grasp of the English language astounds me.”
Deanna yanks one of Ada’s braids on the way past. “It’s – good to see you.”
Castiel does blink this time, long and slow. “Angels,” she says lowly, voice like gravel, “are soldiers. We are the embodiment of the wrath of Heaven and the Lord. We are God’s weapons – ”
“Running away?” Deanna asks, because that’s what it looks like.
Sammy has a gun trained on his face in under five seconds.
Deanna doesn’t want to ask why.
Sammy doesn’t hesitate either. “What’s the plan, Ada?”
“And…”
need an anti-possession tattoo.” At Ada’s raised eyebrow, she pulls up her shirt, showing where the ink sits along her ribcage right under her bra. Deanna nods; hers matches.
, Deanna told her. That was an old song, wasn’t it. Deanna liked that song.
Sammy shrugs, and then she holds out a hand, pained lines around her eyes. She doesn’t even look at Deanna as a stuffed animal flies across the room and into her hand. A crack spiderwebs across the wall.
“Not everyone is meant to be saved.”
“What,” Deanna says, and the words come to her without even knowing what they mean. “Hate to see your righteous girl not acting so righteous?”
Deanna snorts.
“Are you drunk?”
“Great,” Deanna says. “Just great.”
Deanna exhales. “Sometimes.”
Deanna stands up to go outside. She stands over Ada’s shoulder and watches her sketch for a moment, runs her fingers through Ada’s hair so like her own. She asks, “Who’s the drawing of? It’s really good, Ada.”
“You do.” Gabriel’s eyes flare. One of the bulbs in the light above the mirror flickers and goes out. “This is me saying, Deanna, that you need to do it.”
“I’m –
“I need to, uh, get away.” Ada looks like the whole talking thing isn’t her favorite either. Maybe it’s genetic. “My mom’s ex-boyfriend keeps checking on me but it’s, like, the kind that makes you want to put on a turtleneck shirt and never look in the mirror. And all my classmates look at me like I’m going to snap, and school is so dumb, like – nothing matters. Everyone I love is dead. I don’t care about fucking anatomy, you know.”
Deanna starts laughing. “If I told you,” she says, “you wouldn’t believe me.”
“I said whatever, Ada.”
Balthazar looks faintly disgusted. Unlike Cas, unlike Gabriel, unlike Zachariah, there is nothing in his face. He plays simply for himself, and it’s apparent in every move he makes. “These apes,” he says. “This is who you align yourself with?”
Deanna opens her mouth to protest, but the archangel forcefully drags her into the bathroom and locks the door. Then she turns around, eyes that insane gold. They’re eyes like photographs Deanna’s seen of lions, intense and terrible, amber and black, echoes washing through them of wind in the desert night, of trees creaking in old-growth forests. In the washed-out light of the motel bathroom, she is so very inhuman that Deanna can’t imagine how they ever thought she was.
Deanna stares at the floor. She was raised that way. Doesn’t that mean it should be right?
Deanna ignores her, stumbling under Cas’s deadweight. “Why are you here?”
“That’s the right mindset.” The girlthing nods approvingly. “Just for the little wildcard here, there’s an archangel in a ring of fire, over yonder. It’s a gift for you three, but be careful of the flame –it’s not meant for mortal touch.”
“Deanna – ”
“Because you were
The Trickster, leaping up and pacing, snaps at her. The sisters flinch, but nothing happens, just an even wider grin on the Trickster’s face. “
Then it’s just the three of them. Deanna yanks at her hair, trying to get her head to stop hurting. The light reflecting off Ada, the light absorbed by Sammy. She leans over, hands on her knees, and pukes. There’s blood in it, but she’s not sure that matters.
Cas will shrug.
When Deanna does, there’s a grace-kick in her lungs, all of a sudden. She’s starting to wonder if she’s any better than Sammy after all, in the department of addictions that should not be theirs.
Deanna hates talking about her emotions. “Look,” she says. “Can’t we just…go back to normal, like we did before? Fine, maybe you’ve got psychic powers now. But still.”
Jo looks up at her. One of his lip piercings got torn out, in the fight. His mouth is bloody, and even his blond curls look defeated. He told her so many times how much he wished he could get out from under his mother’s thumb, and yet here he is.
“So why are we in Kansas? Why are you in Kansas?”
Deanna told him.
There is, indeed, an archangel in a ring of fire. He hisses and spits at them, and after they look at him for a little while Deanna calls Cas, who appears, takes one look at the fire, and flinches.
“I told you I had a soft spot for the baby sibs. I am one, after all,” Gabriel says. Her mouth is crooked, still a half-smirk. Her eyes hurt to look at. All of her hurts to look at –
“What?” Deanna asks, limping over to her side. Her knee’s been out of sorts since a week after she got back from Hell.
, the hunters tell each other, between stakes in vampires and back alleys.
So they’re losing their minds. Ada dyes their hair blue, because they can’t find a hunt and they are all, quietly, going insane.
Later, Deanna will think that the worst thing John ever did to her was make her believe that Sammy had to figure these things out alone.)
Deanna looks over at her sister, half-smiling. “I mean I guess. I just got mine cause they look cool, you know. Guys dig chicks with ink.”
Jo said, because he never had and never would respect John Winchester.
Deanna, who can read this in her eyes, says, “Oh, shut up. I use my brain sometimes.”
Ada’s face is hard.
“Do you trust me?” Ada speaks up. “Because I have an idea, but you’re not going to like it.”
“Look, do you want me to leave? Cause I can.” Sammy’s getting angry, now, and Ada gets in the backseat, slamming the door closed. “If you’re just going to keep looking at me like I’m – a freak, then fine. If I can’t earn back your trust, then I don’t want to stay.”
“I figured,” Ada replies. “Cause you’ve said.”
When they slide into the front seats, Ada is on her phone.
doesn’t want to talk about it – but things go to shit pretty soon after that.
Sammy reminds her.)
The Trickster deflects. “How’d you figure it out?” She asks. “Honestly, even I’m impressed.”
Ada shrugs, but her shoulders straighten just a bit. They’re all so horribly codependent, living out of each other’s pockets, depending on each other to be happy.
The thing was not shaped like a human, though as soon as she saw them Deanna wondered why she had ever thought they would be. She didn’t know enough about myths, about stories, about religion. That had been Sammy’s thing, all the history.
“Those things are dangerous,” Ada is saying. “I mean – as far as I’ve found,
“Why are you even awake?”
Deanna looks down at the dead little body in the grave. “Oh.”
, she says eventually.
Castiel tilts her head, and then says, almost curiously, “You don’t think you deserve to be saved.”
“Ok,” Ada says quietly. She and Jo had been getting on like a house on fire, really, which is yet another thing Deanna has destroyed. Yet another person Deanna has killed, sure as if it were by her own hand. How can she be considering saying no, now? How can she be considering saying yes? How is she supposed to do this, to weigh the many and the few, to weigh the world which has shown her its worst, and the sisters who have kept her going? How is she to just give up herself?
Someday, Cas will look at Sammy and say,
“He’s been dead for a while,” Deanna tells her.
In the motel room, something falls off a shelf. Things are shaking, but not in the cosmic way that they do around Castiel, just in the Sammy way that things have
“Do you know what you need to do?”
(But Deanna had done that too, hadn’t she – made a deal with a demon because Sammy’s body lay dead on the ground and she couldn’t handle that, couldn’t understand that, couldn’t live in a world where that was the only answer. Maybe they were too dependent on each other. Maybe it was an issue that they were each other’s lives. But they’d never had another choice, and they never, really, would.
Sammy and Deanna both wince. “We were – wondering,” Sammy says.
, and Deanna wonders if this girl will ever be fully human again. “She had something to tell you, I think, but I don’t know what it was.”
“Fine,” Deanna admits, gruffly. “I’m…still a little pissed. But – I don’t blame you. It was.” She grits her teeth; she did, after all, break the first seal. And Ada did, after all, stab Lilith first. “A collective effort.”
“Shut up and let me think,” Sammy tells the both of them. Then, “Fuck. Fuck, we have a problem.”
Sammy’s voice grates out of her throat like she’s been screaming. Maybe she has. “You, praying. Never thought I’d see the day.”
The thought of this makes Deanna want to puke.
“Being cut off from Heaven is,” Cas sounds so distant, “terrifying. Incomprehensible.”
, she will say.
. It hurts to admit it, but she’s always trying to hurt herself more. She deserves it.
“Ruby!” Sammy snaps, and then lowers it. “Come on…
“Girls,” Samuel says to the three of them when they return in a vaguely condescending tone, which only serves to remind Deanna of some of the remarks John used to make. “I see you were successful.”
, Ada grumbles.
“But – ”
“That does feel better, doesn’t it,” Balthazar asks, standing up and stretching. The wounds where the angelic weapons had been stretch bloody and gaping and full of teeth, like hungry mouths. He doesn’t bother to heal them. Deanna thinks he might be high on the pain of it. He’s certainly smiling loopily like he is.
“It will hurt. You will never die,” Cas says, voice emotionless and yet far too high in the tiny blonde boy. Deanna’s enraptured, but Ada’s still struggling underneath her, and
The head tilt is so endearingly familiar. The gauzy shadows of wings dripping blood are not. Cas holds out a hand. “You need something, too.”
? Deanna asks the dark-haired girl.
Sammy doesn’t even deign this with a response. She sits against the wall, shaking, and doesn’t look at Deanna. Time slides by as Deanna tries and gives up on getting out of there. Bobby’s a smart sonofabitch, when he wants to be. Apparently, so is Ada.
Deanna sits. There is not really another option. She is the only person in this entire restaurant who is alive.
“Ok,” Deanna says through a pained grimace. Her head
“Burned it,” Sammy says, and her voice is sharp.
“He got a four on the GCS.”
“You need to leave,” Castiel says.
“Credo,” Sammy says, and Deanna jerks awake.
“Oh-ho, you didn’t tell her!” The Trickster cackles.
“Cas, dude, I am
“Whoever has the weapons wins the war,” Sammy repeats.
It’s been eight months, De, I’ve got a fucking life now!” Ada runs a red light. “I didn’t want to get dragged back into this – into
Deanna rubs her temples and contemplates driving them all off a cliff. “So what are you trying to say?”
“Just,” Sammy says, “you know, in the opposite direction.”
“You think there’s something wrong with Ada?” Sammy asks.
. Deanna will sort of understand, in some ways, because she’s not humble. They’ll have saved and destroyed the world again and again. She’ll welcome the darkness, welcome the myths. Humans can be monsters too, after all, especially when they’re raised as killers. They’ll stand back to back: a girl who takes
Deanna snarls, trying to cover how scared she is. “The foolishness of – she was a good person, you bastard.”
Death’s ring is far away, with Bobby, with her sisters. Ada had told Deanna, just a bit – the amount of demon blood Sammy would have to drink in order to power Lucifer. How Lucifer might already know about the rings, in fact. How Detroit was set in stone. How everything was set in stone.
“Where is your third,” Anna asks, eerily still in how they exist. Deanna isn’t sure she’s seen them blink, either. They point to a branch on the sigil. “That’s wrong.”
“No,” Zachariah says, smiling. He’s just another well-dressed old white man, and he may be an angel but he looks at her all the same. “
Then out comes Ada, hair braided back, and next to her is Gabriel. Gabriel steps forward like she has no other choice. Gold and silver and black – they stand in a circle, graces snapping at each other, mingling and hissing.
like a prayer. “That’s great.”
“Uh,” there’s a ruffling of pages. “Yes?”
“You fought it, though.”
Victoria raises her eyebrows. “One guy liquified, one guy covered in boils. Obviously connected, but it’s not witchcraft. You saw the bodies.”
Deanna grabs her sister’s arm.
Deanna swallows, looks to the dirt. “And this one?”
“I didn’t forget about you guys.”
It never is.)
Cas says, “Enochian sigils, carved into your ribs. Angels will no longer be able to track you.” With what might be faint embarrassment, she adds, “I think that in light of recent events it will be beneficial.”
Victoria’s eyes are faraway. “Things
Deanna reminded her. It had been exhilarating, bringing someone else in on this. Teaching them exorcisms and tricks, the runes and the right books to search.
On the way out of town, Deanna gives that woman her actual number. Says, “If anything like this happens again, call us. We can help.”
Another person Deanna’s fucked up. She closes her eyes, and when she opens them again she will see Cas.
At least, she thinks, neither of them are high or drunk. World’s too batshit crazy for that, right now.
Michael-Deanna’s blade flashes out, and they slit Gabriel’s throat.
Deanna’s full of anger. Deanna’s full of pride.
, Gabriel replies, in the weirdly formal way she gets when she’s very out of it.
“The Trickster,” her little sister says grimly, and holds up candy wrappers.
Bobby said, voice gruff and soft.
“Great,” Deanna says. “Just great.”
Deanna glances down at her feet. “I can see them. And hear them, I think.”
“As long as my family is safe,” Deanna replies.
. There are two siblings, and they are brothers or sisters. There are two siblings, and one follows the father, but one does not. One rises, and one falls, and they fight, and that’s all there is, even where once there was love. You have no end other than this one.”
“Holy motherfucking Christ on a bicycle,” Ada says, in a distinctly un-Ada voice, but Deanna’s too busy with the realization that air actually exists.
“Hey,” Sammy says softly. “I get it.”
and then in the middle of it all she tilts her head and says, “Ah.”
“Yeah,” Deanna says, frowning. “Yeah.”
“Anna,” Deanna says.
(When he’d heard about Sammy leaving, Bobby had called Deanna up.
The Trickster’s eyes glow with barely suppressed rage and madness. Deanna can’t figure out what it reminds her of, until –
Cas responds mildly.
“Of course,” Cas responds, just as quiet.
They are quite literally chased out, one of the hunters and a bartender threatening to call the cops, and it’s Sammy who turns around. She’s imposing, standing there in the neon light of the flashing signs, red reflecting off her face against the night. She holds up a hand and the guy flinches.
Cas will shake her head and then look guiltily at Sammy and ask for something small, still not able to stomach the overwhelming taste of it all. She’ll forget to drink water for hours on end and then faint –
for a place in the world that’s their own. Is this their fault? Or simply their predestined path?
“Uh, credit, for one, and all those. And credulous,” Ada says. “Dude, that’s so easy, come on.”
Deanna needs to punch someone.
Sammy scowls. “Sure.”
Ada’s hand drifts over Deanna’s back. “Is that what this is?”
Deanna rubs at her temples, trying not to wince at the pain, and swallows. “Ada – pull over.”
