he told himself. He didn't have time to doubt himself. He had to get the drive back and then find Toni. He couldn't explain it, but a bad feeling was growing like weeds in the pit of his stomach. If it had been any other day, he probably wouldn't be as worried. Toni was damn good at protecting herself, but after learning about her recent panic attack, he didn't know anymore.
"Are you okay?" Barnes asked, noticing that something was up with her.
Anyhow, here you go. Let me know what you think.
Taking a step back, Tony's hand goes to his face as his eyes grow big. "I don't know what you're taking about, but in order to break up with someone, you have to be dating first. I was and am not dating the Brooklyn Twins." He ignores the twist in his stomach as he says it. Why does he want to put himself through so much pain? Why doesn't his heart know that pain will be only the outcome?
"And they just let you go?"
"Relax, Rogers," Natasha stated, interrupting him. Stepping into the room, she had a look of pure annoyance on her face. "Yelling at Banner isn't a good idea."
"On my chest?" she asked. She hid her worry about him finding out about the reactor. He would probably think she was some kind of freak.
"Toni," Steve said, a soft warning. He held the glass out to her. "Just take it."
Natasha lets out a harsh sigh. "Cook it, Clint."
"Who said you were?" he asked, looking her over. Her eyes were closed again and her chest was moving up and down ever so slowly. She didn't respond. "Toni," he called. Toni didn't respond again. "Toni?" He reached out to her and placed his hand on her shoulder, but she didn't stir.
The Captain almost jumped at that. "What?!" He paused as he thought about denying it, but it only took him a few seconds to realize that it would be useless. "How did you know?"
Ignoring her gut, she rested her head against his warm chest, but listening to her inner self, she kept her eyes open, even if it was a fight. "Thanks."
*O*O*
She thought to herself as the camp looked empty.
"Y-you'll t-think I'm crazy," she uttered, sobbing into his chest. "Y-you'll l-leave me. T-too m-much work for you. B-broken." Her fists were buried into his uniform, holding on to Steve for dear life.
She took a deep breath as she forced those assholes out of her mind. She had other things to worry about like Rogers…Steve. It was so weird to refer to him by his first name and she still hadn't gotten used to it yet. There was a part of her that wanted to keep calling him Rogers, but she had seen the way he smiled when she called him by his name. If she was going to try and befriend him like Barnes wanted, she would call him Steve….It was still weird.
"Yes," she replied, bitterly. "I've heard, but not from you two." She was annoyed that no one bothered to tell her that Toni had returned. If it wasn't for the AI, she would've never had known that Toni was back. Was anyone planning to tell her? Okay, she knew they would've told her eventually but when? "If it wasn't for JARVIS, would I have even known? Would you have told me? Or is this an Avenger only thing?"
"No!" she screamed, as she turned slightly, reaching for the closest thing. Being on the bed, the closest thing was a pillow. Not caring what it was, she hurled it at Bucky as hard as she could. "Get out!" she wailed, screaming at the top of lungs. However, the pillow never hit it marked, drifting left, as it soared through the air, hitting an ugly gray lamp. The lamp went flying on impact, shattering as it hit the floor. It sounded like someone had smashed a window, as broken pieces of ceramic scattered everywhere. However, none of this mattered.
"No, I don't," she stated as she tried to pull her arm back and failed. She tried not to pay any attention to the word 'should.' "Thanks." She eyed her arm and the growing blisters, forming on it.
Before Toni could speak, Steve spoke—still looking like a kicked puppy, "That was an accident. An accident that'll
"Then what's with the nerves?" he asked as he sit the pill bottle on the table. "I'm not here to interrogate you. I'm simply here to check up on you." He smiled as he opened the bottle and slid it to Toni. "It'll not hurt you."
This woman was a saint. Why was Steve with her again, when he could be with someone like Sharon?
"Are you okay, Sark?" Peggy asked.
After a few seconds, she pulled off the wires and watched the door. As soon as it was clear that no one was coming, she kicked her legs over the bed and stood up. "Fuck," Toni muttered, as she fell straight to the cold hard ground. Her legs hadn't been able to support her weight. She closed her eyes as pain sailed through her body.
Aldrich Killian was glaring down at Toni, while at the same grinning like a Chester cat. "No more false faces." He announced, loudly. "You said you wanted the Mandarin, you're looking at him! It was always me, Toni, right from the start. I am the Mandarin!" With his chest showing—puffed out like an idiot-, he proudly walked to her.
"Want to bet?"
"I know where Stark is," he revealed as he took a seat in one of the many chairs. To his surprise, the chair was very uncomfortable, and he almost forgot what he was going to say.
Bruce didn't push. "Toni is hard headed and this would've happened with or without you. She had been pushing herself to the breaking point before she met us and she'll be doing it after we leave."
Before anyone could answer in the room, the door to the theater opened and someone walked in. "It's what roommates do when one of them is having sex," Rhodes stated, eyeing the room. "I've seen quite a few ties on doors." After scanning the room, his eyes fell on the sleeping Toni.
However, Toni knew if she thought like that, it wouldn't end well.
"By the way, nice paint job," Rogers stated, drawing her attention back to him. She was surprised he didn't leave with Pepper. "It's something."
Steve didn't let go or finch at the sound of Toni's voice. Instead of loosening his hold on her, his grip tightened, firmly keeping her in his embrace. "Toni," he uttered. His voice was firm, ungiven, but soft. "I know that look. I have seen it a few times…Seen it on a few soldier…" He drifted off as he placed a kiss to her forehead.
Rhodes laughs, as he carefully walks pass Dum-E and U, eyeing them. "Oh, has she? Teaching her to be more like JARVIS?" he asks, turning to the genius. Tony doesn't answer, and Jim waits a few seconds before adding, "Anyhow, I was sent to collect you. Everyone else is too scared of your killer bots to come get you. Dum-E is scary with that thing." He waves at the bot as he steps to Tony's side and places a supportive hand on Tony's shoulder. "Come on, Tones. You need a break. Let's go. You need fresh air."
"Geez," Toni joked. "You're such a tease. Does your mother know you act like this?" She walked toward Rogers' room to change. The hospital bag with all of her things was in there, so she could just put them all together.
Toni nodded against his chest, as she fell into silence again for a few long minutes. "I feel like I can't breathe. Can't catch my breath. I keep falling," Toni admitted. "I just keep failing." Her voice was soft anymore too soft to hear.
With one goal and task in mind, he headed in the run-down mansion gun at the ready, and no matter what stood in his way, he would find Toni, the woman who haunted him for so many years. He may not remember much of his past or his last mission, but this woman stuck out to him. No matter what his handlers did or the pain they caused, she had wormed her way in, and he was unable to rid himself of her, not that he put up a fight. Besides her being a source of comfort, he was curious to why there was such a strong attachment to her.
The AI didn't listen to her request. "I have already tried, Miss. They will not listen."
The Asset couldn't recall how many years later it was before his handler finally found the picture, but he remembered the pain. The punishment was severe. He could assume it was due to the fight that he put up when the handler took the photo. He may have killed a few of his handler's guards, but he couldn't recall. He was focused on
"Is there something going on? I'd seen you jump before," he said as he covered her with his huge uniform jacket. "You shouldn't be out in the cold. You're freezing. We need you healthy for tomorrow." He watched her like she was something fragile, about to break.
Toni narrowed her eyes at the man, trying to give him a meaningful glare in her exhaustion. No, she didn't want to talk about her nightmares, and she also didn't like how this random stranger could tell within seconds. "You got to pump some alcohol—whiskey's my thing- in me before I spill my beans to a stranger. Ever heard of Stranger Danger?"
"Tones," he started again. "I do trust you on a good, but look at you." His tone was soft but hard, clear that he was concerned. "In the military, we remove soldiers from the field when they're in emotional state or failed a psych test. Right now, your mind is your worst enemy, and you aren't in the right mind set. I doubt you could pass a psych test right now." He paused to take a breath. "I'm your best friend; I'll do anything for you, but you're scaring me right now. It feels like you're waiting for death. Waiting for something to happen like you deserve it."
"I'm telling you now."
Unable to stop himself from following her, he trailed her as she jogged. He kept to the shadows, watching her as she jogged through the crowd in a zig zag motion. He watched as random people tried to get her attention. He watched as they tried to touch her, which infuriated him. Why did they feel the need to touch her? Why did they think they were even allowed to touch her? Didn't they understand that she didn't want to be touched? He could see it in her every time someone got close to her. He could see how she flinched away from their touch, and he hated that look on her face. It wasn't exactly fear, but she had a pained look in her eyes. It took all that he had not to start killing these people for daring to touch her, for putting that look on her face.
"No," Toni said firmly, looking at the device. She put the metal casing back on the device.
"Oh, yea? What does America smell like?" he asked, letting out a small chuckle. He glanced down at her, catching sight of the tags hanging from her neck. Granted he could only catch a few letters from them, he could tell she was wearing two sets and who they belonged to. It didn't take an idiot to know whose tags she was wearing, and he could feel his own heart race. He could make out his own name, but he also noticed Bucky's name, and it was like that that it all dawned on him. He felt his heart drop. She blamed herself for his death.
"You don't want to see me win, Steve?" Toni asked. "It might knock these fellas off down a few pegs." There was something up with him, and it annoyed her slightly. She couldn't deal with his moods; it was like he was a woman on her period.
The nurse smiled. "If you want to talk about hideous, you should've seen the clothes they brought you in or wait you did." She marked down something on her chart and walked out of the room.
Rumlow would call Pierce cocky, but he knew better then to voice it, especially when the man was in a 'killing' mood. He couldn't quite understand the reasoning. What set this man off? Should he be worried? "I'll send the Asset after Fury and Rogers before collecting Stark myself." It didn't look like it, but Pierce was itching to pull the trigger.
She tried to laugh but it just sounded like a frog, when it came out. "I won't tell you anything." She paused. "Besides, you can't kill me until I talk and I won't," Toni stated with her voice almost nonexistent. She just had to hold out until Rogers came and saved the day. She knew he was coming; she just have to last that long. She knew she could because they wouldn't kill her…Or maybe, they would…But would it matter if they did?
"Yes, let's go," Steve replied back.
"We're taking a break. We're going to play some poker," Gabe answered.
Toni tried to stand up, but her legs gave out and she fell back. "He thought he could use me, after he saw my reactor," she spoke, pointing at her chest. "He also found it funny that you send a woman." She felt her face, trying to feel how bad it was. She had resisted the urge to look in a mirror, as she didn't want to see how bad. It had to be bad since she had a hard time seeing out of her eye and her jaw hurt whenever she spoke, which was horrible as she loved to talk.
her, and she was going to slap the man in half if he said it one more time. Also, if he mentioned that creepy doll of his one more time, she really was going to hit someone, because that was downright disturbing. How big was this doll? What did he do with this doll? Was it one of his
This is unbeta so forgive me for my sins. I had sent a copy to my beta, but we seemed to keep missing each other. So when she gets the chapter back to me, I will post the updated Chapter.
Fighting to stay awake, Toni let out a howling laugh. Peggy's tone was cute as if she was a shy child asking for ice cream or something. "We girls can do a lot of thing." She let out another laugh. "Just tell me what you want to talk about?"
"Jealous of his own boyfriend?" Tony asks. Who the hell is she kidding?
"It would be easier to handle her," the Commander replied. "We don't need her running away."
Leaving the two agents in his dust, the Captain was the first one in the lab, and it only took him a few seconds to spot the genius. She was hunched over her work station, working on what appeared to be her suit, but it was her shivering that caught his attention. As Toni held the screwdriver, it shook, and he could see the anger inside of her grow as she tried to control her trembling. He could see the frustration grow as she held her shaking hand. He could see when she had given up when her shoulders dropped. At the sight of it, he felt his heart drop.
. He remembered how much he wanted her. How much he wanted to protect her, though he had no idea of why. He would do anything for her, even if it broke all the rules.
The CEO froze and turned to Toni ever so slowly. She was anything but happy. "This is not up for debate. You're coming with me."
Toni squeezed the box. "Have you not seen any time traveling movies?" she questioned, sadly but with a smile.
The Reporter gave her smile as he scooted away. "It's freedom of the press," he said. "Think about the attention these photos will get."
"I don't know about that, Gabe," Dugan stated, leaning on his cane. "And I think Toni and I can agree on that. You were chasing the women away."
He could do it, pretty easily. These walls were small enough for him to jump, while challenging for others, and he could disappear before anyone could notice and stop him. And if anyone came close, he would stare at them with this Captain stare and make them stand down. Though he would deny it to Toni, no one would tell him no when looking into his Captain stare and he knew it. "I'm not in the mood for this conversion," he replied, irritated.
Everything was happening so fast that Toni was having a difficult time keeping up with everything. All she knew was that when Madame Hydra tried to get to her and Steve was there to stop the crazy commander. Toni had always been wowed by his strength, but to see him fight her off and chase her away was something else, and she didn't know what to make of it.
"There's nothing else to discuss, Rogers," Barton said. "We're going. Rhodes agreed. Nothing else to talk about."
*O*O*
"No, worse," he stated. Toni opened her mouth as if to protest, but he cut her off. "Let's go. We have things to. We're heading out."
"What? I need bleach for my eyes!" Barton yelled, covering his eyes with his arm. "I thought I said no sex in the living room! What the hell!"
Killian took a step forward, allowing only a few inches between him and Toni. "You say that now, but after this, you won't be saying that." He pointed the needle toward her neck.
It was silent between the two as they didn't know what to say to each other without starting a fight. Both of them knew if they spoke, they would regret it. Steve couldn't just stand by and let things happen even if he knew he was going to lose the fight. Barnes, on the other hand, over thought things at times, which made him slow to action, and he had often given up on things that he thought was impossible.
However, age wasn't the only thing making the letter harder to read, as the author seemed to be in a hurry. It was clear that the author normally had smooth penmanship as the first three words were neat, but as the letter went on, the words got closer together, almost bending together. There were even hesitation marks up and down the letter. It appeared as the letter went that the man was no longer trying to keep it neat and clean.
"Then why are you letting her go?" Erskine asked.
Plus, what did he have to be mad about? He saved a heck ton of soldiers, including his best friend. He should be on top of the world because
Rumlow grabbed her by her arms and started to stand up slowly. "Time to go," he said, looking off into the distance. His face was crunched in anger, but he didn't say anything else.
Salty had no clue to how much trouble she was in. "I do. It's you who don't know the trouble that I'm in." He didn't what she was talking about and it was written on his face. Taking a deep breath, she changed the subject. "You knew I would come for it tonight," she stated.
her name on the building. Lately, she hadn't been a ball of fun, almost biting people's heads off. Sure, having Steve around had relaxed her, and for the most part, she was calm—which was noticeable, but she still was a bit off putting; still mouthy.
Tony disappears for a few weeks, not letting anyone but Rhodey and Pepper know where he went. He just needs time to himself to try to figure out what he wants. He knows what he thinks he wants, which is Barnes and Rogers, but that isn't possible. They are together, and they are happy without him. They don't need him to bring them down, and he doesn't need the heartbreak.
"We canceled each other's bad timing out," Tony said, curling closer.  "And thanks for the save, by the way.  I probably wouldn't have survived without it."
"Oh, right," Tony said, kicking himself.  "I won't tell.  Maybe I can ask where they get it though?  Then I can come back and help you get one."
and you never figured it out, but you could never hurt me."
"Sorry," Tony said.  "You don't... I can build a shelter, you know.  You'd be more comfortable sleeping inside, right?"
"Hello, Captain.  It's Pepper from Stark Industries."
"Cap, if you make him cry again..." Susan said threateningly.
Just... later.  When he didn't have an Asgardian-sized hangover.
Steve rubbed his forehead and sighed, ignoring how she automatically reached up to fix his hair that he'd mussed.  "It's not a date like that."
?" Tony asked.  "And you said
Leon felt pinpricks at the back of his eyes, but before he could blink back the tears, Cap pulled him into a hug.  His breath caught in his throat.  He was so tired of fighting, of the pain, of trying to live up to the legend that just held him down.
He felt Steve sigh in frustration against his ear, sending shivers down Tony's spine.  "That
to save whatever it had been.  And the fear in Tony's face when Steve had gotten too close to the portal...
felt dizzy, and his vision blanked for a moment before he caught his balance.
"Yeah," Tony said, looking over at his armor.  It didn't seem worse for the wear for being left outside of the gate, but the rust on the temple walls worried him.  "Just let me put the armor somewhere a bit safer."
"He was the one who got Tony caught in Afghanistan," Steve said, thinking back to Tony's file.
"Not through Cap-approved means," Tony said, winking at her.  "Leave an old AI with his secrets.  Now, eat your ice cream before it melts."
He hated both of them so much.
Steve's head shot up again, fear in his eyes.  "
Tony woke a few times and the shaking started to decrease after a while.  The other symptoms started to fade as well, long enough for him to get a shower (even if he needed help for it) and feel almost human again.  Sadly, the hamburgers he demanded hadn't gone down well, and Bruce was too polite to say "I told you so," but that didn't mean he wasn't thinking it hard whenever he glared at Tony.
Steve nodded. He could understand the acceptance part, at least. He bit his lip, torn on what to do.
"You had a dream last night," Steve said.
" Steve's voice rang in his mind as it cleared.  He didn't have time to reply, however, as the ceiling started to cave in.  Tony dodged not only the rocks and boulders that came down around him, but a massive hydra that was now falling back down to the ground.  "Whoa," he said, narrowly avoiding a head that tried to bring him down with it.  He watched for the few seconds as it fell before it disappeared into the darkness.
He called the elevator and pulled out his phone, using its connection to talk to JARVIS, since he didn't know how extensive JARVIS's presence was in the lower levels of Stark Tower.
He nudged Steve's tail with his foot, patting Steve's shoulder when he could feel the slight embarrassment coming from the dragon.  He felt doubly guilty for lying to Steve, especially after entertaining a few short-lived doubts about the dragons earlier.  It had to be a different clan that hurt Viper.  Steve would never allow it.
Steve tried to picture Iron Man with the face plate up and Tony's face underneath.  In the park he'd been so close to seeing that. All he'd have had to do was turn around while Tony had been eating.  And to think a billionaire was sitting alone like that all of those times.  It wasn't quite something he could picture for Tony Stark.  But maybe for just
"What?"  Steve couldn't be...  Steve wasn't cruel.  Now that he knew about Tony's feelings, he'd never try to lead him on.  But that could only mean...  Steve had never shown any interest, never let Tony do anything to help beyond absolutely necessary.  They were friends, apparently good ones even, but Steve never...
Steve would
"Do you often sit there in uniform, or is this a special occasion?" the voice asked.
"Is this better?" Steve asked.  "I don't want to hide it, but I guarded it like you do.  Not all the way, but it seemed to be overwhelming you."
* * *
"Lieutenant, I need - Ah!"  The static in his ear was intense and he nearly dropped his shield as he fell to his knees.  He pulled down his cowl and fumbled for the com link, ears still ringing as he tried to stand, but stumbled.
The trip back was long, but uneventful.  Tony was taking no chances with any of the ducklings, so he gave Susan a very roundabout course and kept an eye on all signals he had access to.  He also triple and quadruple checked the twins using the suit's sensors, making sure they weren't Skrulls and had no tracking devices.
"I've always liked girls," she said, hugging her pillow against her.  "Susan knows that.  She's just... not interested in me."  And that was okay.  Or it was okay, as long as it wasn't
The evidence that he had was plain as day and in abundance, but he felt nothing when he looked through the folder of his own hand written notes .  The only feeling he got was when he looked at the pictures of Captain America, and that just made him ache for Steve.  After staring at it too long, he'd take out the quartz and trace the lines of it.  It was just a normal quartz now.  Nothing to show that it ever glowed in the darkness.  Part of him wanted to throw it over the side and be done with it, but he could never actually let it go when he tried to give into the urge.
"Where you can be of use to us," Viper replied.
"And the other dragon you met is Sam," Peggy said with an air of finality as she led him down the stairs.
' Attached was a picture of a cat in a Captain America uniform and a mouse in the Iron Man suit with the helmet off, giving the cat a very chaste kiss. He labeled them Iron Mouse and Captain Americat. He signed off, satisfied that he had at least tried to fulfill the request. It was actually easier than he thought, as long as it wasn't really his teammates.
"I think it's likely," Tony replied, not elaborating on the reasons why.
"Like hell," Tony said, pushing away from Steve to get to his armor.  The repulsors should still work.  He could still fight.  He had to.
know it's 3 am in Arizona, right?" Clint asked.
Steve stared at the door she left through, closing his eyes and not thinking about how Iron Man would have squeezed his shoulder or offered him a hug while saying something like that.  "Time to go home," he said to himself.  Except without the other Avengers or Iron Man... without
* * *
"You are the one I owe my timely saving to, I assume?  Thanks for that," Tony said, with a loose salute.  "Though I don't believe in-"
Susan's arm automatically snapped up, but Kor'la'vin disappeared again.  "Not fast enough," she growled to Tony.
"Yes," she said, the vehemence behind her answer surprising her.  "Does that make me a bad person?  I feel better knowing she's..."
' it asked.
Steve's ears suddenly felt very hot.  "You, ah, might want to put the face plate down before you go out," he said a little sheepishly.
Gingerly, Leon sat down, if only because disobeying Cap's order felt wrong.  He flexed his foot, sucking in a breath as he moved it more than he should.
(See the end of the chapter for
Falling in the suit was marginally better than falling without the suit.  Tony reminded himself of that when he groaned, knowing he'd have bruises from being knocked around so hard.  Didn't feel like anything was broken, which was always a plus.  Someone was talking to him, soft and repetitive, but Tony ignored the voice in favor of seeing if he could move.
When they looked up at him, Tony got the impression they were distinctly less impressed with him than he felt they should be.  "Is that all?" Sharon asked.  "I thought you were in there to change your face!"
made for war," Tony said.  He should have known better than to expect dragons to be impressed.  They still thought science was magic.  "Too colorful and I'm just a flying target."
It wasn't even ten minutes later when he started at JARVIS's voice. "Captain, you requested to be made aware should any of the Avengers emergency com devices go down.  Agent Romanov and Agent Barton have been disconnected from the network."
"Tony!" Rhodey said, hugging him tightly.  Kes was quick to follow, and he pat both of their heads awkwardly.
," Steve said, turning to Tony and pulling him against his chest.  He felt momentary resistance before Tony caved against him.  "It was the fault of whoever made those things, not yours.  And we will find them and make sure they are brought to justice."
a big deal.  Not a date sort of big deal, but meeting your crush's good friend sort of deal.   He wasn't doing this to get back in Iron Man's good graces of course, but a small part of him was very aware that this could either make his current relationship with Iron Man much better, or much, much worse.  He respected Iron Man's choice, but he also wouldn't be opposed to Iron Man changing his mind if this went well.
He missed JARVIS. Talking with FRIDAY or Vision was a bit bitter-sweet. Vision was both JARVIS and not JARVIS in ways Steve only half-understood but accepted, and FRIDAY was a personality of her own. It wasn't the same anymore, and hearing her less formal speech reminded him of what they'd lost.
"I..."  Tony looked back at the ocean.  It wasn't the right shade of blue.
The fire stopped as Tony winced in pain.  Who ever just spoke was
?" Tony asked, baffled.
"Yeah, well, tell that idiot to give me a call when he's up for it," Tony said, his voice back to normal even if Steve could feel Tony's shoulders shaking under his hands.  "And yell at him for me.  He yells at me for being reckless.  Now it's his turn."
"For fuck's sake, I didn't marry you because you were a perfect soldier!" Tony said.
"-and turned into a human who has problems 'walking it off.'  You're a lot easier to hurt," Tony said.  "Steve, you're a dragon.  I can't-"
"Steve, honey, that's a terrible place to sleep.  Come on.  Let's get you into an actual bed."
"The only ones you're like this with are Bucky and Peggy, and you don't look at Bucky the way you look at Tony," she said.  "You brighten up considerably when Tony makes it to an Avengers meeting, and I know the others think you're completely gone on him.  The art you draw of him feels almost like he's alive on the paper, more so than for any of the rest of us."
they wanted a picture kissing?" Steve asked.
"I saw the footage.  Natasha and I were just making sure they hadn't gotten any important information, but those were...  private.  We should have waited."
Both of her eyebrows shot up.  "You're
"So if you don't want to know who Iron Man is, what do you want, sir?" Steve asked.  "Why come to me?"
Leaving the kids to their reunion, Steve snuck out.  Tony would watch over them, and there were winter clothes to steal.  He could catch up with them later.
He could always blame the cocktail of hallucinogens that had been running through his system for his behavior.  Actually, that sounded like a fantastic idea.  The other Avengers probably wouldn't mention it again either.
"I can check the top," Steve said, eying the branches of the trees.
Steve grew thoughtful.  "I would like that," he said, detangling himself from Tony.  "Tell me about the stars?"
He heard the smirk returning to Tony's voice as if he were back on solid ground, except he was way off the mark.  "Looking for sex tips then?" Tony asked, and Steve felt like he should be grateful that Tony was so very dense.  "Why didn't you say so?  I've got
The hologram Tony closed his eyes as they became glossy.  "I'm pulling out a corpse.  Whatever you do,
"Why are you in the Iron Man suit?" Steve asked faintly, because he was going to have to rethink his opinions of CEOs and fighting now.  He could only vaguely take in the cuts and bruises on her cheek, registering that she had seen some action, Iron Man or not.
Tony looked up and raised an eyebrow.  "More or less.  Do I want to know what kind of dream it was?"  If it was a sex dream, it served Steve right. He was still awfully curious about what Tony looked like under his clothes.
"Cap?"
.  That was something he was going to study more often and thoroughly.  He could see why Natasha said to be careful of it.
Tony hesitated.  He was falling and falling hard.  And Steve was compromised.  He had just nearly died - twice over - and remembered all the events of his past life all within a very short time.  Even if Tony wanted to make a move, he'd only be taking advantage.
"Dragons do not use 'cloth'," Steve said apologetically.   "The last human slept on the ground level with a make-shift shelter."
He felt the red dragon's mind brushing up against his and shivered.  It felt like a hand was brushing over the heart pump, too close and too terrifying.  "How about I think of different names and you choose from those?" he asked, taking another step back despite his foot, feeling unsettled.
"She wouldn't listen," Sharon said, with exasperation that felt more like Peggy than the young dragon Tony had gotten to know.
Steve didn't want to be alone.
"Tony?" Steve said as he ended the call.
Tony hesitated.  It was enough for the Red Skull to grab his wrist, yank it down, and crush the circuits.  The pressure on his wrist hurt, but it wasn't enough to break it.  There was something wrong with the suit.  Had he been fighting?  It shouldn't break so easily, not when...
"Walls hurt," she bit out, but at least nothing too bad had happened.
"It is?" Steve asked, not seeing where this was going.
"I saw that picture in the cave by the gate," he said.  He shook his head to clear it.  "How-"
He looked over at Steve, who was staring at him, blue eyes wide and full of wonder.  "They're beautiful," he said, his voice a bare whisper in Tony's mind.
"Of course," the nurse said, taking one look at Iron Man and Steve before backing away.
* * *
"Partial..."  Tony dropped to the floor, Steve barely moving fast enough to catch him.  He hissed as the movement jostled the glass in his fist, but he held on.  "Tony?  What's wrong?" he asked in alarm.
"What about the Red Widow?  She's in three of the movies," Tony said.
On the bright side, at least the arc reactor wasn't still in his chest.  He'd be dead already if that were the case, since the EMP took out the suit's reactor.  He just had to wait this out.  Wait it out and not think about darkness, enclosed spaces, not getting enough air to-
"You're not-"
"The city will fall," she said.  "There is nothing to be done, but there is still hope."
"-figured we'd just put your shield on EBay and let it go to the-"
."  The relief in Steve's voice was  like a warm current that swept him along.  It confused him a little, since he remembered Steve being angry with him before.
," Tony said, though he didn't pull away.
Steve pushed himself up and claimed Tony's lips in a desperate kiss, his hands settling on the armor's shoulders.
He shook his head, looking down at his phone. "Thank you, JARVIS.  Could you tell me where Tony is right now?"
"It's a date," Steve said, his nostrils flaring.  He lowered his head onto Tony's lap, closing his eyes.  "Can we listen to human music?"
Tony nodded, and he looked lighter now that there was a clearer plan.  The self-hatred that Steve had seen was all but dispersed now that he had a course of action.  Steve wondered if it had really gone, or if it had just been pushed back by a sense of urgency.
Steve missed whatever Ms. Rhodes said, keeping Tony steady.  He felt a smile creeping up on him as relief released his own tense shoulders.
He leaned against the glass, looking down at the page and wondering if he was just making a mess of things, being down here.  He couldn't quite bring himself to go back up, though.  Tony was...  Curling further against the glass, Steve kept drawing.  The armor stood by, and the room felt emptier, but Steve focused on the drawing.
happen?" Fury asked.
"Then you should join him, Captain," Thor said, also taking a hot dog and grinning widely.  "There is no need to see each other while you eat.  I'm sure he would welcome the company."
"I'm not gonna-"
(See the end of the chapter for
That meant he really wasn't looking forward to the high probability of this meeting crashing and burning.  Steve rubbed his palm against his pant leg, praying that the sweat wasn't leaving a noticeable mark.  He also prayed to keep his own temper, because Lord knows he would probably need it.
"The dragons aren't monsters!"
Rhodey left with a knowing glance and a comforting hand on his shoulder after they cleared everything out.  It was Jarvis who stopped him before he could retreat.  He was frowning, like a puzzle that couldn't be solved had appeared in the armor.  "The house staff are divided between a thief and a ghost," he said.
Sighing, Steve picked his sketchbook back up as he tried to calm down.  Tony had to have cameras in here.  He sincerely hoped JARVIS would mute that conversation.
By late afternoon he found himself outside a large cave.  He had a quick lunch from what he'd stolen from the basket, then lit the moss lamp and started in.  The cave was dark and smooth, possibly too smooth to be natural.  It was big enough for dragons to enter comfortably three abreast and Tony could feel the sweat drying uncomfortably on his brow.  He wiped it away the best he could with his non-gauntleted sleeve.  There were no murals down here, and he could see why  the dragons didn't come here unless they had to.  It very quickly got bitterly cold, and he found himself wishing he had brought the armor just for the extra cover.
Steve sighed, lowering them both to the floor slowly.  He reached up and grabbed the first aid kit, making sure Tony could at least sit up by himself before opening the kit and starting to pick the glass out of his fist with a pair of tweezers.  It wasn't easy with his non-dominant hand, but he was fairly ambidextrous after the serum anyway.
"That sounds an awful lot like a hero to me," Cap said as he entered the room.  He pulled Tony into a hug, which Tony only huffed at.  "And Captain America is an expert on heroes."
Steve was pretty sure that was
"Who's gonna be shooting at you?" Steve asked sharply.  For Iron Man to be this upset, it had to be dangerous.  He moved closer, hoping to grab Iron Man before he took off.  "Shellhead, tell me what's going on.  Let me help!"
"It's the only way!  And they're safer there than-" Iron Man started to say, then stopped.  "You know what?  Never mind."
Tony waved it off.  "Millionaire, remember?"
He wondered if they'd already had the funeral.
He brought up Steve's head, rubbing the dragon's cheek and then kissing his forehead.  "Steve, please," he begged, his vision blurring as he curled around Steve.  "Steve..."
"I told you it doesn't matter.  Perceptions-"
"Do you-"
There was no music now.  And though the lights were still on, no dragons save for the few under Steve's command were left in the city.  Even during the blitz, London never felt this empty.  It unnerved him.
"Sir?"
Tony woke up, surprised by the lack of pain that usually accompanied such self-sacrificial stunts.  Then he remembered he didn't have a body.  Unexpected plus, that.  Having a physical body was definitely overrated.
He didn't want to leave it like that, but she pushed him back in the cave.  It felt like he was being pulled in a million different ways.  Viper, the dragons, the War... Who was he supposed to help?  Why was it too damned much to want to help all of them?
Tony swore.  Of course Steve had.
.  And every time I've told you or one of the others, I fail again."  Tony's voice cracked on the last word, and he didn't look up.
It was different from JARVIS or FRIDAY.  They could take bodies on occasion, but they weren't solid and they'd both expressed a preference to stay that way despite numerous offers of a robotic form.  Her code had been experimental at best, but she had never imagined it would work so well.  "I need...  I need to look at your code, see what I did right."
it too.
"Prove yourself loyal to Hydra now and I might keep you alive for the ZEMO chemical.  The orichalcum and your armor would help us win this war," Viper said.  She walked up to Tony and traced her hand down the chest of the armor.  Tony was glad he was encased in it, his heart hidden from the world.  Even still, he shivered at the threat, feeling cold.
"Stay," Steve said, grabbing his wrist across the table. "I should have been paying attention because this is important. I'm sorry."
He shook his head.  This conversation was getting too depressing.  "You said you draw?"  Tony tried to picture how that worked with claws.
Iron Man probably had, come to think of it.  The walls of the Tower were thick, but Steve had always been a light sleeper and the serum enhanced most of his senses, including hearing.  "I was awake already," he said, though he doubted Iron Man would believe it.  "Did you know Howard?"
"That's easy," Ms. Castillo said, taking the sculpture from him.  "I take this to Ms. Potts and say one of the staff broke it while cleaning.  It's a bit of legend; Mr. Stark and Ms. Potts's fight over it, so everyone thinks it's her favorite.  The staffer wanted to be anonymous for fear of being fired.  Ms. Potts just keeps it to annoy Mr. Stark, so she won't miss it."
This time Pepper put more effort into calming down.  "I don't know why I'm acting like this.  I was fine before.  I flew all the way here and I was fine.  But now... Oh, my God."
"This isn't over," Steve said, but he pulled his phone out of his pocket and answered.  He didn't recognize the number.  "Hello?"
"You need to at least let me get the fucking glass out of your hand!" Tony almost shouted, but he didn't meet Steve's yes.  "You can yell at me after."
"Special occasion," Steve replied looking up to see-
Tony's hands were on his shoulders pushing him back down.  "Sleep, Steve.  You've got a full day of heroing ahead of you tomorrow."
Steve let out a puff of smoke that Tony guessed was a draconic sigh.  "I suppose we can put off teasing you for food."
"Don't know why you bother asking," Sam said, and there was a murmur of laughter through the dragons.  "You can't scare us away if you tried, Steve."
miss being wrapped up in dragon, but that didn't mean he couldn't get used to this as well.  "I can take care of myself, ya know.  And it's not like you're tiny now."
"I'll change things.  I-" Tony gasped, looking down at Steve's claw that hovered over his chest, the glowing yellow light the cause of his sudden pain.  "What're you doing?"
Steve stared at his back, mouth open in surprise.  "If this is about you keeping secrets-" he managed finally.
"If this is revenge for all the times I've worried you, the joke's really not funny anymore, sour patch," Tony said, bringing Rhodes's hand up slightly.  "You can't...  You can't just avoid me forever.  It won't work.  So you need...  Fuck,  this isn't working."
He couldn't tell, but Tony liked to imagine Steve's lips were pressing small kisses against his hair as Steve buried his face in it.  Steve wouldn't, not without permission or after what he'd told Tony last time, but Tony liked to dream.  The would haves and maybes were a pleasant enough dream to fall asleep to...
"-can't do this," he heard Ms. Potts say, her voice moving closer.  "I'm not trained for this sort of thing, Tony.  It's insane!"
"Fine and dandy," Tony said, a small frown on his face as he looked over the data Steve had open.  At least, he hoped it was that and not-
"Are you-"
"Not without you," Tony said, feeling small and helpless in the small circle of light the crystal gave off.  He balled his fists and fought back the urge to scream.
"Shh," Tony said, listening for the sounds of the jungle.  Even by the gate, there were strange birds and some of the biggest insects he'd had the misfortune to meet, but they all made noise.
Tony looked around, meeting Thor's eyes as the Asgardian clapped him on the back.   "Though you are a great puzzle, Tony Stark, Midgard would be a much lonelier place without you," Thor said.
"Not Skrull either," Kestrel said.
Susan swallowed, pushed down the urge to scream, then swallowed again as the HUD pulled up a few quick scans for a heartbeat.  Had she just-
"Steve, I can do a lot of things, but I can't answer that question for you."  Natasha's voice was gentle as she placed a hand on his arm.
She hesitated for a moment, then threw herself into Tony's arms.  Even if he was a computer program, his hugs were warm and all-encompassing.  "Shh, honey, I've got you.  It's okay, gumdrop," he said, and she couldn't help but laugh at the names Tony came up with.
When he was finally allowed to see Tony, Steve couldn't stop staring.  Tony looked like he was sleeping, except for the sinister black light on his chest.  Tony, who was Iron Man.  His best friend.  All those times, it had been Tony under the armor, risking his life.
Cap seemed to know anyway.  "What makes you Captain America isn't the shield or whatever flashy Stark-approved uniform you wear.  It's helping the little guys who can't fight back themselves."
"This is what happened when Hydra dropped a bomb on New York," Tony said as the camera continued to show the view outside.  "This is a timeline without Captain America.  No one even knows he existed once, and only watching him become erased saved him in our memory.  Hydra currently rules a large portion of the globe.  There are resistance fighters, of course, but they've been fighting for generations now without any clear victories.  They're worn down and I can't help them.  But I can fix this.  I can put the timeline back to the way it's supposed to be."
"So Mr. Stark is in charge of the Avengers now?" Steve bit out, worry turning to anger and frustration before he could help it.  Iron Man was far more useful
"I shouldn't have let you come down," he heard Tony mutter.  Then, louder and sharper in what made Steve assume he wasn't supposed to hear the first part, he said, "What do you want, Steve?"
Tony could sense the bafflement coming from him, but he focused on his own hurt and anger.  "You never felt this way as a dragon," Tony said.  "You were even worse at hiding things from me, so I would have felt it.  I looked, Steve!  You didn't!  So tell me what this is."
Steve glared at Doom instead, pushing away his own numbness for later.  "Is that why you came here? To show us that?"
"Then find one," Viper snapped.  "And go quickly.  We have little time."
"Stay back, Avengers.  A mind like his would be such a waste, but it would only take a little more for his own suit to cut his throat."
"What?"
Quartz.  A plain crystal.  "I'll get it later," Tony said.  He didn't sleep for a long while, not until the grief tired him out.
"Leo!"
"How's Gabriella?" Stark asked.
Tony's eyes widened, then he laughed and shook his head.  "I'll keep that in mind if I have to change the future in secret again next time.  So you-"
"The hydra will wake and it will destroy this place," Wanda said.  "There is no changing that."
Tony nodded, eyes briefly glancing towards Steve before he looked away again.
Steve couldn't stop the broad grin that grew so much it almost hurt his face, even if Tony wasn't looking.  "Sure thing, Tony.  I'll see you when I get back."
Tony went still.  "Your leg-"
"Anything you want, Steve.  Just be there."  Tony pet his head, scratching behind the horns just the way Steve liked.  "If I'm going to be around longer, you have to be too."
Steve still didn't let go.  Tony could feel the anxiety Steve was giving off.  The cave in the vision had been
"Stay away from Cap!" Leon said, the gun in his hand.  It was aimed right at Tony's power crystal.  Tony paid it no mind, going back to supporting Susan on the field.
a really fine ass, after all.  Don't tell him I said that, though."
"I am," Peggy said, though her head was cocked to the side.  "I thought you said he wasn't dangerous?"
"You can talk about what's happened since the last time you saw them," Steve suggested, cutting off any reply.  Tony only pouted a little, because Baby Rhodey gave as good as she got when she wasn't being down on herself, and he liked her spark.  He supposed there was something hardwired in the Rhodes' DNA to not take any Stark bullshit unless they were getting into trouble together.  He would take credit for that and consider it a compliment.
Tony closed the data stream, rubbing his eyes.  He didn't even have a physical body right now, but he was exhausted by everything going on.  Kids.  Even computer programs were exhausted dealing with kids.
"Alright.  It's in the past now, I suppose.  We can't help it and it was a mistake made of good intentions, if not in wisdom," Peggy said, poking at Steve with her tail.  Steve ignored her, head still low to the ground, and Tony could feel more guilt rolling off him.  Tony started to try to move towards him, but Sam's claw on his shoulder kept him down.
"Observe," Doom said.
"Bullshit," Steve snapped.  He was not going to be in the dark on this any longer.  "JARVIS, Iron Man is going into a fight and he wasn't in any condition to be doing so.  I need to know where he's gone."
Steve leaned against the table, half sitting on it as he watched Tony.  He really hoped it wasn't the alternative universe theory.  He didn't like to think of eight different Tonys dying to save him.
"It's okay," Steve repeated, pulling Iron Man into a proper hug.
Steve growled, causing the voice to laugh.  That was nice.  He had half a thought of how that person needed to laugh more, because it was a nice laugh.  The voice seemed to be going away though, and Steve started drifting to some familiar and comforting noises in the background.  He knew those sounds, but he was too sleepy to place them.  Definitely not threatening, so he let it slide so he could get more sleep.
"Steve Rogers is dead."
Steve wondered how it must be to live life like that, when so many people were willing to tear you down.  He had been small and bullied, but still saw a lot of human kindness in everyday people.  Tony had been dealing with the spotlight since he was a child, born into money and fame like he was.  It seemed terribly lonely.
"Thanks," Tony said, quietly finishing his meal.  He pet Sam's head when it got close enough, and he could feel the happiness radiating off the dragon like a cat purring.
"Who are you?" he asked as she let him go, falling back against the wall.  He cried out again as it jostled his bad arm and he tried to hunch over his chest to protect the heart pump.  He saw the same naga from earlier behind her, glaring at him.  He tried to sit up straighter, but gave that up as a bad job after the pain got to be too much.
Hopefully everyone enjoyed the fic!  You can find me on tumblr
"You... what?"
Loss.  Helpless.  Grief.  Guilt.  Gone.
"I... don't sulk for two weeks," Steve said.  Rhodey didn't even grace that with an answer.  "And what do you mean about my drawings?"
Curiosity burned at him, however.  He slid down the high-backed couch until he was slouched over, not that they could see him from the kitchen.  Steve was no saint, no matter how much Iron Man teased him about it.
"Stark, listen to me.  Don't kill him," Steve's voice said, the suit automatically locating the origin and throwing up the image of Steve to his right.
"Call me Steve when we're like this," Steve said, casually running his thumb over Tony's cheekbone.  Then his smile turned wicked.  "Though I don't always mind 'Captain' in the
"No," Tony said, shaking his head without lifting it from Steve's shoulder.  "Fuck, I didn't...  Steve, you're the only reason I have
"Fine.  Normal cuddles then," Tony said, squirming slightly and reminding Steve that while he had pulled on a pair of sweatpants to draw, Tony was still naked.
"There's no time for this," Steve said, though he let Tony take his hand again as they got to the sink and he stayed still as Tony reached for the first aid kit.  "Thor is fighting more robots and you-"
"How do humans live like that?" Steve asked, slightly horrified.
"Falcon just asked to see if you would follow through on your promise," FRIDAY replied.
," Tony said, but he turned to face Steve, burying his face against Steve's neck.  "And don't act all high and mighty.  You're worse when you lose your temper."
"I thought you 40s boys went slower," Tony said, shaking his head and looking a little dazed.
"I can," Tony said wryly.  "And will be, if the ceiling's high enough, which I'm pretty sure it is.  But the stairs lead to places like exits, so I'll follow them and assume it's not going towards a dead end."
Soon, the crystal would charge and then... He didn't want to get ahead of himself.  There were so many things that could go wrong.  The egg might not hatch or they might be forced to leave again.  But soon - hopefully - they could have a proper family.  It was a little scary when he thought of being a father, but he could feel his bonded's love through the link.  She would be a wonderful mother, enough to make up for all of his faults.  He would -
"What are you planning?" Tony growled, forcing himself up regardless of the pain.  His arm burned, but he managed to get a proper sitting position so he wasn't slumped over.  He tried not to think of how violated he felt with her fingers tracing the rim of the casing.  "The dragons-"
Tony snorted, but Steve pressed on.  "I mean that," he said, feeling at a loss.  "I'm...  I don't always deal well with the future.  You know that."
Tony closed his eyes, leaning his forehead against Steve's flank as the dragon's tail tightened around his ankles.  The worst of it was that what she said was true.  He had failed.  This was all his fault.
"I think that guy was actually one of the Hydra agents," Steve replied, thinking back.
It was a warning, not a rejection, Steve told himself.  A tightly controlled warning.  Whatever Steve had done, whatever wire he'd tripped, it sent Tony spiraling in a bad way and this was his warning to get out before things got bad and Tony got defensive.  A small part of him was proud of Tony's progress.  But mostly he was floored by guilt because Tony had sounded
Steve shook his head, dislodging Tony's hand.  "You used to believe in doing the right thing.  In saving people."
"Where did you find all of these?" Steve asked, looking through the images. They were all sorts of different styles and a lot of them were really good. They put his own little drawing to shame, that's for sure.
"No changes," she replied, tucking her straightened hair behind her ear again.  "But that means he hasn't gotten any worse, so there's that."
"And now they all know we're here, thanks to your noise," Steve grumbled as he reached the top.  He peered into the tower, sticking his head through one of the windows.
Rhodey, on the other hand, turned away and threw his cane at the wall in an explosion of anger.   "God damn it, Tony," he said, his shoulders shaking.  Steve could see his hands curling into fists as his head bowed.
.  He'd seen holograms before, but always with some sort of table underneath.  He didn't have time to marvel at Tony's technology though, because the video captured his attention.
Tony stopped, pulling back much to Steve's dismay.  "You want me to look
"You drive a hard bargain," Viper said, though she didn't lower the gun.
Tony shivered as he kept trying.  The dragons had to be warned.  He was falling, but they had to get out.  He couldn't fail them like he'd failed his father.  Like he'd failed the people he had seen piled in the pit of bodies when they came too late.  He was falling, but the others had to be warned before he hit rock bottom.  He was falling...
It was late and the thought of making a shelter made him weary, but Tony nodded.  If it was the only way he could get some sleep, then he'd do it.  "Where can-"
Tony didn't even look up, but at least he wasn't tensing up more because of company.  Steve took that as a good sign.  "Hey, Cap," Tony said nonchalantly, putting aside the carrots to start on the onions.
The silence that followed was enough of a reply.  "Tony," Steve said again, knowing there was very little he could say that would be believed.  He glanced over at the muffins and coffee.  They would be cooling, but it was easy enough to heat up again and it might be the distraction they needed to break this mood.
* * *
"So, Leon is looking back now?" Tony asked her.
He pushed on his broken arm harder, crying out as he broke down the last of the walls.  He didn't even know if that was how it was supposed to work and a small, hysterical laugh broke from his lips.  He might be doing this all wrong.  Maybe doing nothing but making himself miserable for his last moments.  But he focused on all the things he normally tried to hide, letting them spill over the broken rubble.
Half an hour later when Steve's stomach was full and he was slightly more awake, he met Tony on the ground level.  His wings were fidgeting and for some reason Tony couldn't fathom, he seemed hesitant.  "Are you alright?" Steve asked as Tony finished up his berry salad.
He could feel Steve's wings twitching in agitation and the anger that ran underneath.  He knew it wasn't aimed at him, but Tony couldn't help but think it should have been.
Steve sighed as Iron Man left, hunching over the chair to put his face in his hands.  He'd really botched that one.  He closed his eyes, swallowing back the hurt that threatened to block his throat.  As if his night couldn't get any worse...
"It's not."
Rhodey's arm tightened around him, before relaxing.  He casually glanced at his watch, managing to catch Tony's eye.  The question was clear in Rhodey's gaze.  He wouldn't leave if Tony didn't want him to.
"Steve Rogers," he said, still not meeting Rhodes's eyes like he knew he should.  "Yes, sir.  I went with Tony on his trip to Afghanistan."
, Tony reminded himself firmly.  Friendship and nothing else.  "Sure."
"Jim Rhodes," Rhodes said after a moment, holding out his hand.  Steve took it, not feeling particularly worthy of it at the moment but not wanting to offend.  "Though I'm told we've already met."
"You saved them, Buttercup," Tony said.  "We've got them safe now.  We just have to get them out of here."
He threw his shield again, watching his opponent dodge to the side, then ducked down as the shield bounced back.  There was another blast that Steve only barely avoided.  He grunted, the continuous fire making it more difficult to catch his shield.  She was getting better.
"Stark," Steve growled.
"I still can't get over the fact you all knew him," Tony said.  He'd dreamed of the others meeting the dragons, but this was almost cruel.  Everyone had those memories except for him.
"I'm trying!" Steve said desperately as the bar creaked.
But Thor shook his head, passing his phone over to Steve.  "It is the culture of Midgard that is baffling," he admitted.  "Perhaps you know of what Darcy speaks.  She asks of a 'blind item' and its truthfulness, but I do not know what to make of the term or the story."
"Alright," Tony said, looking away.  "But are you gonna go down like that?  Because that's some impressive bed head you're sporting."
"Tony-"
Tony snorted, then made a few more swipes at his phone. "I've bought you the current best recommended version of Photoshop and a proper tablet, and I'm sending you some YouTube tutorials. Much better than drawing on a napkin when you're out and about, I promise. Just have FRIDAY set it up for you when you get back. She can also help you find a site to post your art to if you want to share it with the rest of the world."
"And you fight it honorably in most cases," Thor admonished.  "But now you would be wise to let it go.  You can talk with him later when you are both calmer."
"No," Tony said.  He struggled, trying to throw the Hydra soldiers off as Zemo stepped closer with a needle.  He couldn't move.  "No.  Steve-"
Susan blushed.  "I'm not - I mean, he doesn't -"
"So," Tony said, sliding over the mug of milk.  "What wakes up the Little Bear so early?"
"You have several bruises and cuts, but are otherwise unharmed, Ms. Potts," JARVIS said, coming from the suit's speakers.  "You performed quite admirably, and no one was hurt in the fight."
"Tony?" Steve asked, a new emotion entering his voice: fear.  "Tony, stay with me."
"Aye, we should.  We were heartened to see you left some of the foes for us this time.  It is wise to share in victory."
"Ms. Potts was pretty upset," Steve said, putting his head back down on the table to hide a different sort of blush at being caught staring.
Steve swallowed hard.  "Thank you for telling me," he said, shaking his head to clear it.  He had a lot to think about.  "And I'm sorry for assuming earlier.  That wasn't right."
He didn't force himself to let go of Steve's wrist though.  Instead, he tugged Steve closer.  Not that he could actually move Steve, but it made his intention known.
"I could do that?" Steve asked, blown away by the offer.  If it was an offer, he reminded himself.  Tony didn't exactly sound happy, and only Rhodey and Ms. Potts could go down there.  On rare occasions, Natasha went down as well, but Steve was never sure if she was allowed or if she found other ways.
Kestrel stepped forward, taking the woman's hand.  "The Avengers are up for the fight," she said.
Tony woke up feeling safe and warm, and he blinked open his eyes, only just stopping himself from stretching when he realized
And with that, Tony fled the room.
He obviously wasn't getting a body warmer tonight, regardless.  Tony turned to the door to make his way down, but he was surprised to find Steve in the doorway.
But Tony didn't do any of that.  His hand fisted as he pulled his mind away from the darkness and being alone.  "Shoot," he said, because when was he able to tell Steve no to anything?
"Steve-"
"Sure, man.  River in Egypt," Rhodey said with a snort.  "Not that I disapprove, but the Tony Stark Defense Squad?"
Steve nodded in thanks, using his foot to pull Tony's chair closer.  "Susan is alright?"
Steve felt the nausea coming back up and he didn't think it was because of the hangover.  It was appalling thinking of how many people must have done that for Ms. Potts to have that as a ground rule.
Steve grabbed his shield, body protesting every movement as dizziness threatened to put him back down.  He pushed through it, clipping the shield to his back and picking Tony up.  He started to go back towards the outskirts of the warehouse as fast as his battered body would take him.  Jane or Bruce, one of them had to know what to do to save Tony.
“I hear Fury’s making you cut into parasite guy’s head,” says Clint, displaying his usual amount of tact, popping another chip into his mouth with an audible
“Peggy?” Steve is definitely surprised by the suggestion. “Peggy and I realised that we were better off as friends even before you and I ever started this…thing. Is that what you were worried about?” Tony will never admit to breathing a little sigh of relief in response, but it’s possible that Steve sees it anyway. “I was always ready, Tony.” He fixes his gaze back on Tony, who can’t help but think that maybe he’s still a little uncertain. “I just wasn’t sure you were. Or that you wanted that…more…with me.”
“Why do you think I came looking for you?” Tony asks, looking slightly confused by the enthusiasm Steve isn’t trying to hide. “Wait,” Tony says, and Steve feels his breath arrest in his chest—he couldn’t possibly know, could he? Maybe JARVIS was back online and Tony was coming to find out why there were two Steve’s— “is that a grey hair?” Tony asks, fingers catching in the strands on the side of Steve’s head, and for a moment Steve is back in the bunker at Lehigh with Tony’s hands in his hair, his mouth hot and desperate, his body wrapped around Steve’s.
Before he’s quite thought through the potential consequences of his actions—and Steve is self-aware enough to know that this is definitely one of his failings—Steve has plugged a date in, made a quantum jump, and he’s watching himself and Tony—
Tony barely keeps from rolling his eyes. “I’d deflate and remove it.” Obviously.
Fury leans back in his chair, letting out a sharp breath. Stop stalling. Right.
But there’s something there, in Tony’s gaze, and when the hands on the back of his neck,slide gently into his hair, the pressure barely there, giving Steve an out if he wants it, as if he ever would, it’s the easiest thing in the world to tip his head forward back to meet Tony’s.
“Don’t you think you should tell us both?” he asks, and Steve thinks, what further harm could it do at this point?
Steve grins in triumph for a moment, jacking his hand hard and fast, and their lips are pressed together, more gasping breaths into each other’s mouths than kissing. Steve knows he isn’t going to last much longer, and if the way Tony is grinding down on the hand still on his ass and thrusting into his hand is any indication, he isn’t either.
“I miss them too,” he tells Bruce, but he’s been clamping down on everything that’s been threatening to spill forth for days now, and he can’t let it shake loose now.
Tony watches Steve’s long fingers as they deftly manoeuvre his hand back and forth, testing ease of movement to determine whether anything is fractured or broken. He watches for so long that his hand gradually grows more and more numb and he’s overcome by a sense of disconnection. He wonders, idly, watching one hand expertly examine the other, which hand is his. Steve’s voice remains a pleasant murmur in his ear. “Later, my friend Bucky—my only friend really—got in an accident. He was on the roof, I can’t even remember why now, some stupid game probably—and he fell off. I’d never been so scared in my life. He had all these internal injuries and his arm was completely crushed. I’d never felt so helpless,” he pauses and Tony only has a moment to consider asking him why when an unimaginable amount of pain rockets through his hand. Tony screams.
Steve, of course, presses the issue. “Do you have a plan?”
“Why would you do this for me? You don’t want to go back yourself?”
“Steve! What the hell are you doing here?” Tony hisses, cube momentarily forgotten. “Pretty sure I don’t need your help with this. Unless you don’t actually trust me to get it done.” There’s an undercurrent of hurt there in his voice, and Steve knows he wouldn’t have even noticed it before, if things had been different, if he hadn’t spent every moment since Tony walked back into his life, cataloguing every inflection in his face and his voice, determined to never take him for granted and repeat the same mistakes he’d made before.
, he thinks, as the pain shoots through it again, fire searing through his nerves. His vision whites out for an instant and he blinks to keep the tears from his eyes. “See.” The word is much more choked than he’d have hoped. “Just fine.” Steve shakes his head, a faint twitch of his lips belying his amusement even as his eyes betray his worry.
Keen observer that he is—and there have been instances where Tony’s considered the possibility that Clint may actually have once been a spy—Clint must notice Tony's uncertainty. He lists sideways again, this time keeping his weight pressed against Tony’s shoulder. Tony feels the stress start to bleed out of him.
“What do you want, Stark? I know you think my life revolves around you, but you’re sorely mistaken.”
“Yes, Dr Stark?”
It doesn’t seem like Fury’s going to reply, but maybe that’s just as well.
“Why are you here now then?”
“Not if I can help it,” and Steve knows it’s probably a colossal, stupid mistake, knows that if his Tony were here he would say something like,
“What is it, Tony?” Steve asks, his voice roughened with sleep.
He pushes past, resolutely ignoring the stare he can feel sitting across his shoulder blades. He has more important things to worry about, like a set of MRI results with his name on them. It seems he’s got a surgery to prep for.
“Well, yeah, but I don’t see how it’s any more difficult than just the one.” Bruce says, turning away when the computer at his desk makes a sound. He doesn’t return to Tony’s side after checking whatever it was, apparently declaring the discussion over.
Tony’s learned to cope with this, the blankness in his father’s gaze when he looks at him, even on his more lucid days, when he starts rambling about his friend Obadiah and fiancée Maria, and the good old days when he’d revolutionised Shield’s neurology department and invented the ‘Stark Method’ to fight brain tumours. Most of the time he still doesn’t recognise Tony.
Tony, the infinity stones snapping into place on his gauntlet.
Steve turns to look over his shoulder, heart stuttering in his chest, and there, coming up behind him, is Tony Stark. A wonderfully alive Tony Stark who Steve hasn’t failed.
“Tony?”
Unfortunately for Tony, it takes a great deal longer to find Steve than he’d originally anticipated and by the time he does, the speech he’d been putting together in his head has all but fled, and the confidence that remains is a weak facsimile of what it was. The search itself is rather more arduous than he’d expected it would be, too. He asks everyone he can think of, receiving varying reactions including an eye roll from Natasha and a thump on the back from Thor, before glancing at the board and finding Steve’s name scribbled next to an emergency valve replacement.
His sister stands when Tony walks in, her lithe form unfolding gracefully. He realises that she’s almost as tall as he is. Her features are much more striking than her brother’s; her straight brown hair is pulled back from her face, highlighting the sharp cut of her cheekbones. “Dr Stark,” she begins, “I—I wasn’t expecting you to come back.” She glances over at the bed and sadness softens her expression. “I thought you said the surgery was impossible?”
“Fuck
“I think you have to step away from the problem”, Bruce offers, pushing his glasses a little further up his nose. He squints through them before thinking better of it, pulling them off and rubbing them against his shirt. “Break it down a little. What would you do if there was only one cyst?” He puts his glasses back on, seeming satisfied with his clearer vision.
“Only one stop left on the tour,” Tony says, gesturing to the mind and time stones still sitting in the case. Steve nods.
He builds his walls back up.
“Loki!” he says, fists coming up, ready to charge Steve again.
“My bad!” Tony calls after her, not entirely sure whether he means it or not. She doesn’t look back.
“Oh God, I can’t wait to get this inside me next time,” Tony says, and between that, and the skilled twist of Tony’s hand, Steve shudders through his release and Tony follows.
Before he knows it he’s crossed the space between them and has pulled Tony into his arms. Tony, obviously not expecting the sudden physical affection that had never been a part of their relationship, stiffens, and Steve is caught off guard by the hands that he’d lifted in—what? Fear? And that makes Steve drop his arms, ready to lurch back because this had been a mistake and
“Those friends that you’re replacing you mean? Alright, Rhodey,” Tony says, reaching forward to clasp the kid on the shoulder, careful to avoid jostling him. His eyes are wide with fear, and Tony’s mind flashes back to Phil for a moment. To the there-one-second, gone-the-next look in his eyes that Tony still doesn’t entirely believe that he saw, before the anaesthesiologist put him under.
His body is churning with the sick realisation that he's just killed a man, a nice guy who’d fallen victim to Tony’s ego and inability to stand up to Nick Fury. The worst part is that, despite his burgeoning guilt and rage, he can’t help but notice how adorably sleep-rumpled Steve looks.
The call comes in when Tony’s on his way into surgery and he really should have learned to turn his phone off by now.
“What are you going to do without your…thing?” his counterpart asks, holding up his wrist and waving his other hand in its direction.
Steve is so focused on paying attention to Howard and the sound of his footsteps coming closer that it takes him a moment to realise that, in his attempt to shield Tony with his body—even though Steve’s the one who needs to avoid being seen and recognised—he’s pushed Tony tight against the wall, and he can feel the length of their bodies pressed together.
“No, I—I have to believe it can be better,” Steve says, and watches his counterpart disappear wearing the uniform Steve stole at Camp Lehigh, with the note Steve wrote about Bucky in its pocket.
Great.
The cushions are soft under his body, despite the cramped space they’re sharing. He briefly considers the merits of moving to an on-call room, but even the closest one seems so far away, and Steve is right there, soft and sleepy. It’s a no-brainer, really, so he wraps his arm around Steve’s back, slipping his hand under the neckline of his shirt to rest against smooth skin. Steve shifts to press a kiss to the skin under Tony’s jaw and he feels a smile slip onto his face.
“I could’ve told you that, Tony,” Steve says, voice soft and wary of scaring Tony off. Tony startles anyway, pulling his hand back when he realises how closely their heads are bent together.
, and Steve wants to scream.
, you can do it.
“Then what do you want?” Steve asks, looking into eyes that are and are not his own. He remembers waking up, having just experienced loss worse than most people will ever live through in their lifetimes, but it isn’t over yet.
The eighth cyst deflating too soon; the scolex slipping through his grasp.
“Something tells me you know more about what will happen than I do,” her eyes are bright and there’s a small smile on her face, and Steve feels his face flame.
He’s going to be late for his own surgery.
That place is gone now.
“Oh, did it work? Whatever you were trying to do?”
Steve thinks about admitting “I will miss you, Tony”, about looking into bright brown eyes and saying “We won”. Thinks,
Bruce points wordlessly at the display closest to where Tony’s standing.
“No, wait,” Tony whispers, breath feather-light over Steve’s lips, “you caught me off guard. Just wait.” And it’s the gentle grasp of Tony’s fingers, and the lack of hatred in his eyes, that has Steve stalling his movements.
Tony dropped Rhodey's hand, then straightened it out once he realized what he'd done.  He didn't look at Rhodes or Steve as he walked out, and Steve only just caught the hint of tears before they were hidden away by his sunglasses.
"Okay, then what did you do to my husband?" Tony asked, feeling hurt in a way he couldn't quite explain, because Steve was over
Tony felt his jaw drop open.  Despite the fact that yes, he did have a few fantasies involving Natasha, none of them included her
Tony dried the tears that hadn't quite spilled from her eyes.  "You are to us.  Now come on, kiddo.  Take a shower and I'll make some of this 26th century travesty they call food into lasagna for dinner.  You'll feel better with food."
Tony relaxed, flopping back down.  "What are you doing over
He finally pushed himself up, cleaning off as best he could with the sheets since they were already a lost cause.  Tony was very different from Iron Man.  While he loved Iron Man for his selflessness and goofy humor, Tony was sharp and bitter.  Tony wasn't a fighter either, just giving the Avengers the money to operate, which was pretty selfless too.  Just not in the same way.  Tony was a civilian, and somehow just not the same as his love for Iron Man.
Tony felt fear rush through him at the sight of the red skull-like face.  He didn't believe in religion, but the man looked devilish in the moss's light.  He was dark and terrifying in ways that Tony didn't understand, and he was shooting at two dragons.  One silver and the other...
"Yeah," Tony said in an out-rush of breath, because he owed Steve that much.
Didn't matter.  He needed to get her out of the dark cavern and into the moss light where he could actually see her ankle properly.  "Hold on," he repeated, lifting off as gently as he could.
Which made this that much harder to do, if Tony were being honest, but he'd never had any particular reason to be honest with anyone, much less himself.  "Security back up."
Tony stopped moving, shocked to stillness.  He could still feel Sharon's grief and the echo of Steve's.  Steve was going to
"Your walls are higher," Steve said, bending down as if to rub his cheek, but then stopping uncertainly.  "You do that when you're upset."
.  He couldn't hold all of the thoughts together, but he could call them the best he could.
They landed in time to see what Sharon assured him was a mock fight between Steve and Sam.  It was terrifying watching the dragons go at it.  It wasn't like watching a boxing match where Tony could gauge the power behind every punch.  There were claws involved and both of them were already bleeding.
Steve sighed.  "They need us in the War," he agreed.  "I'm needed back on the front, and you need to fix the armor and work on undermining Hydra."
Tony waited tensely while Steve lifted a claw, swallowing as it traced under his jaw with a surprising amount of gentleness.  The helmet popped off with a bit more pressure, letting Tony glare right back up at Steve.  "Can you let me up now?" Tony asked pointedly.
"I am right here," Steve said.
been someplace cold and dark, not just sulking in his memories.
"Okay," Susan said uncertainly.  Then she pulled away, smiling up at Kes.  "You could always be War Machine since I'm taking your armor."
"Cryogenic suspension," Tony said, surprised delight filling him.
"Tony is... whatever the reports say, he's not self-absorbed," Rhodey said, then tilted his head in acknowledgement.  "Okay, maybe a little.  But most of it is that he can be a little
"And did he come to you or did you go to him?" Rhodey asked shrewdly, though there was a melancholy fondness about his eyes as he looked down at Tony.
"That's not even anatomically possible for dragons," Tony said, a hysterical laugh escaping him.
Didn't matter.  "Not a wilting flower.  I can handle it."
Tony didn't have a chance to wiggle off before Steve vaulted into the air.  Riding on his front was one of the worst ideas Steve had, because little scales dug into his stomach as he tried to find it again.
"Easy," a voice said.  Rhodey?  No, Clint.  Tony focused on his face, but the shaking didn't stop.
"Steve..."
"You are," Tony chuckled, leading Steve further into the house part of the shop.
Tony wanted to lie and reassure Steve, but he didn't think it was really an option to bluff this close to the dragon.  "If I'd been thinking? No," Tony said finally.  "I would never... It's a little terrifying how invasive it is.  The fact that it doesn't bother me as much as it should gives me the creeps.  I'm not the sort of person who shares easily, Steve."
A month later, Tony was stretched out on Steve's bed at the Avengers compound.  Moonlight strained in through the glass windows, illuminating the peaceful expression on Tony's face and the scars down his chest.
"You can't go that way," she said.  "Uh, sir."
There was no guaranteeing this would even work if it meant now anyway.  Just because it was some magical prophesy a dragon told him was no reason to believe in it.  He was no telepath, not like the dragons.  The only way it would work was if someone was listening near by.  Very near.  Usually once the dragons were out of sight he stopped feeling their feelings, though he could hear their voices for a bit further.  Steve possibly wasn't even back from the fighting in the north.
Tony bit back a yelp at the hand gripping his ass, giving his best mock glare at Steve who looked like innocence personified.  "Not the right time?" Steve asked just as angelically.  "We could go up stairs and order pizza.  Then we could play some baseball and see how many bases you'll let me steal."
That got her a bark of dark laughter.  "Sweet pea, you really don't want to follow my way of dealing.  Or Steve's.  We're both absolute crap at these things, and we can probably tell you more about how
"Alright," Leo said, barely above a whisper.  "I'll be down in the gym in a bit.  Just... give me some time."
" Steve said, a mounting frustration in his voice.  "I can't...  I can't enter the temple.
"Oh, you..." Susan said, then winced.  "The elections have been going on for a while now.  No one thought he had a chance though."
* * *
"And Jupiter?" Steve prompted.
Steve did not expect to find the mansion a disaster zone when he returned from his run.  He automatically tensed, fingers itching for his shield as he looked around the mess that used to be the living room.
"They're all in too deep," Tony said, closing his eyes.  "And look what happened to them.  Rhodey's in a coma, Pepper has to clean up all my messes, and so does Iron Man."
"Good," Steve said, shaking his wings.  "Hopefully that will keep her safe."
"Who..." Leon said, struggling to open his eyes.  "Kes..."
He felt a soft brush of lips on his forehead.  He had a brief moment to wonder if he'd imagined it before the drink lulled him to sleep.
Steve wanted to lean in and kiss him properly, pulling him back into a tight embrace, because hearing that question pulled out an ache only Tony could create.  But Tony didn't seem interested in that sort of relationship, regardless of the kiss he'd allowed at the start of their conversation.  That was another boundary Steve was going to have to start respecting, but Steve could start enforcing that later, when Tony didn't need the comfort.
He ended up having to erase Rhodey's face, and start over again.
"I might have to seal this place up.  To make sure Hydra doesn't find it," Tony said, swallowing thickly.  "I..."
"Steve..."
won't turn on me?"
Steve sighed, leaning over and rubbing his forehead as Iron Man sat across from him.  "What he did under mind control wasn't his fault," Steve intoned.
"You don't need to," Sam said, dark eyes following the dance above him, though Tony got the feeling his attention was only half on it.  "But be careful with him.  You're leaving after all of this, aren't you?"
There was more shouting as the guards burst in.  There were only two of them, and the first went down with a whack from the keyboard to the back of the head.  The second shot at him, but the shot flew wide and Tony hit him in the stomach, then the back of his head when the guard hunched over.
Steve hadn't realized that Fury was one of the children's godparents.  It was surprisingly sweet, and Steve flipped the picture over to see it was dated from last month, with her full name of 'Lila Nicole Barton' inscribed on the back.  "Two weeks good enough for a deadline?" he asked, resolving to work extra hard on the art.
don't want to hear it," he said, resolutely pushing away the hope Steve's words brought up.  He wasn't that much in denial that he would blindly accept Steve's affection if it was merely a response of guilt or pity.  He would probably be dead in a few hours without a fire, but he didn't need faked romance.
Steve's eyes met Tony's as he lay on the ground, brown eyes he'd never seen under the helmet's blue.  They were determined, fixed in an expression that was a novelty on Tony, but Steve knew that look must have been hidden under the armor countless times.  Steve threw his shield at Tony rather than the chair.
Tony looked towards the door of the temple, knowing that Steve wasn't going to like it.  "Then I'll have to take a gander inside to see if it goes below ground."
," Steve said, though his voice was strained and weak.
"The message," Jane said.  "It's from Tony Stark in the future.  We only got bits of it before someone blocked the signal entirely, but the best we can tell is that something terrible happened, and the message is some sort of instruction on how to avoid it.  The portal he's making is supposed to be a last chance scenario to fix things if everything else failed.  He was about to use it."
And the guilt was quick on the heels of that realization.  There was a war going on up there.  A war that needed him.  People were laying down their lives even now, and he was down here enjoying himself.  He'd seen the camps and the experiments Hydra tried to hide, the cities ravaged by the Axis Powers.  He'd heard the intelligence from the other camps, places they were no where close to liberating and the body count...  If he had been in Germany, his dalliances with men discovered, would his money have been enough to save him that fate?  But that could have been taken from him too.
Steve did not want to know how everyone else managed to keep a closer eye on his online presence than he did.  He bit into his waffle to give himself time to think.
"Colonel Rhodes..?" Susan asked, jolting at the name.
"It would be much easier to conquer a world with one dictator," Kang said, the green electricity attacking Iron Man.  Steve tightened his grip on his shield.  "How hot in there do you have to be to roast alive?" Kang asked.
It was another hour before they made it to the temple.  It was tiered, rising up into the canopy with gates and stairs leading to the top.  It looked old, crumbling, and rusted, with trees whose roots straddled the lower gates.  Instead of the usual stone, the temple appeared to be metal based, though it was a metal he couldn't quite place.  That alone was an exciting thought.  It was a pity he'd have to high tail it back instead of taking time to study the new metal.
"You can sense me now though, can't you?"
The face plate stared at him, dark and haunting with none of the life Steve was used to associating with Iron Man.  Without Tony, it was just a suit of armor.  Tony was the heart of Iron Man all along, not the reactor.
Steve could see his hands shaking at his sides, and the full weight of what Tony said hit him.  "You're going to tell them," Steve said, his eyes widening.
"I'm no hero," Tony said, looking away.  "Heroes save people.  I went on adventures to save myself before the War, and now..."
"It's for a request," Steve said, feeling his cheeks heat at Fury's eyebrows raising, though he couldn't pinpoint why.
Susan screamed as she hit the side of the train, making a dent in the metal.  She could hear automated warnings and Tony shouting, but she ignored them as she forced her eyes open.  The suit's camera zoomed in, focusing on the person holding a large energy cannon on her shoulders.
Tony holds his tongue and thinks about it for a moment. He considers the scans again. He uses the computer to highlight the cyst closest to the surface and judges its proximity to the subsequent one. Then he removes the highlighting from the first one and shifts it to the next. Technically, Bruce is right. There is very little difference between one and eight, if you don’t factor in the time difference. He’s going to be stuck in surgery for a few hours at least with the level of care and precision he’ll have to exercise, but that’s not exactly unusual for him.
Steve smiles then, and warmth blooms somewhere beneath Tony’s ribcage.
“Please don’t go,” Steve gasps and it’s stupid, so stupid, because this is Tony he’s talking to.
He takes the two steps needed to bring him to Steve and drops one leg to either side of the other man’s thighs, leaving Tony straddling his lap. Steve’s hands come up to bracket his hips reflexively, his eyes searching Tony’s.
“Dunno,” the kid winces. His skin has a grey cast and his pupils are dilated, only a small ring of brown remaining of the iris and leaving his eyes looking almost entirely black. “One second I was walk—” he grimaces, “walking through this abandoned house—ow!” he shouts, as Natasha does something to the injury site.
Tony would be lying if he said he wasn’t more than a little turned on.
“Has the stone been returned?” She asks, eyes flicking to the injector he still has gripped in his hand.
A quickly borrowed uniform later, he watches himself and Tony as they get into the elevator, thinks about the sensation of Tony’s arm brushing against his as he shifts his body to hide Steve from the too inquisitive, evaluating eyes of the Shield employee in the confined space with them. Thinks about what he might do if he were in his younger self’s shoes now. If no one else was in the elevator with them. But that’s useless now, letting himself linger on
“I don’t know who
“I’ve got things I need to do here.”
He watches surprise dart across Fury’s face and the carefully constructed mask seems to flicker.
“But here’s the thing,” he says, steering them back to the point, “I think maybe that’s changed…”
that feels like it belongs to two people who aren’t them anymore.
“But then, something tells me you have already lost the thing that you love.”
But, what if it can be?
“Tony uses the gauntlet to wipe out Thanos’ army. It kills him.” At this, his counterpart sucks in a breath.
“Sorry, mom, I really can’t deal with this right now, I have to go. We’ll talk later.”
“So what are you going to do about your surgery?” Steve asks, and Tony shrugs, kicking his legs up onto the table. A little crease of disapproval appears between Steve’s eyebrows.
. “Maybe you can call in Xavier or something if you need a decent neurosurgeon…” It goes without saying that Tony can’t be the one to treat his father.
“Yes, but I should’ve—”
It’s only minutes later that Tony feels his body dropping off, his eyelids heavy and the steady beat of Steve’s heart lulling him into slumber, so he almost doesn’t catch the words that Steve breathes into his skin, his voice heartbreakingly earnest: “You’re my home, too, Tony.”
For lack of a better alternative, Tony wraps a hand around the back of Steve’s neck and smashes their mouths together. It’s hard at first, their teeth clack against each other and Steve makes a startled sound against Tony’s lips. Only when he’s gotten past his initial surprise does he get with the programme, his mouth hot against Tony’s and his hands slipping up Tony’s back under his shirt. Tony hates to end it when he does, but it’s more important that he knows Steve understands that he’s ready for this, for the next step, whatever that may be. He pulls away to rest his forehead against Steve’s.
“You’re really going to do it?” There’s little point to pretending now, so Tony tips his chin down a fraction in confirmation. “Well, good for you,” Clint grins, clapping him on the shoulder. Tony’s fingers bunch in his scrubs, tightening and releasing as the weight of what he’s about to do comes back to him, suddenly seeming much more daunting. Is he really ready for this?
“There’s nothing you can do, Steve. It’s already too late”
He places a hand on Tony’s arm, the touch firm and grounding, bringing Tony’s focus back to the busy hospital hallway filled with doctors and nurses rushing around, each of them with somewhere to be, someone to save. And Steve. Steve with his kind eyes, watching Tony warily.
“Steve? Are you – what’s wrong?” Tony is patting at his arms and trying to push Steve away to look into his eyes and it’s only the surprise of having Tony’s hands on his face that forces Steve to straighten. When he looks up, it’s to find Tony looking at him, eyes wide with concern, and hands soft on Steve’s cheeks, like Steve is something delicate, and Steve knows he doesn’t deserve this, but he’s missed too many opportunities. The thought of walking away from Tony right now cracks something open inside him, so Steve pushes forward, aware of Tony’s eyes widening, and kisses him.
His brain is a mess of statistics and surgical procedures when he arrives at the radiology department to find Bruce waiting for him.
“Yeah, sorry,” he plasters a fake smile on his face and hopes Bruce can’t tell. “You operate the Quantum Tunnel. I’ll be back before you know it.”
that punched out of Steve’s chest.
Tony’s mouth is hot and demanding against Steve’s, and Steve is willing to let Tony take and take and take because that’s what he deserves, and Steve is more than happy to give him anything, everything, he wants.
Tony’s sick of it. Sometimes he wants nothing more than to tell someone, promises be damned. He doesn’t owe Howard anything.
It’s a struggle to keep his surprise at the support from showing on his face. Instead, Tony takes a deep breath, pushing all thoughts of his earlier surgery from his mind. He’s going to save this kid.
Steve weighs the question for a moment, strips away all the complicated layers of grief, anger and denial. “It did,” he confesses.
Tony doesn’t know what he was expecting Steve to say, but it sure wasn’t that.
“Nothing, Tony,” Steve says, his hand twitching in an aborted movement towards Tony. “He’s not going to do a damn thing because he’s ordering you to do it. It’s on his head, not yours.”
Tony falls asleep, with Steve a comfortable weight against his side.
He doesn’t let anyone see it, the fear he feels when he sees the legendary Howard Stark reduced to this. This old man with the messy hair and frightened eyes, asking ‘where am I? What am I doing here? Who are you?’
“Of course, it’s all part of my charm,” Clint grins. It reminds Tony of the first time he’d met Clint.
Bruce squints at the scans, considering.
“This will take you back to New York in 1945. You can find Peggy, spend your life with her.”
“Why would you want to relive the same things again?”
“Yes, I…put it back…in Jane. She’ll be okay, won’t she?”
“Not what I mean,” he says, knocking his body sideways into Tony, making him throw out a hand to stop himself tipping over to lie on the floor. “It’s the obvious hearts in your eyes every time he’s around—not to mention the way you’re pretending your feelings for him are just casual.” Had he really been that obvious? Tony schools his face into a blank mask and hopes his mortification doesn’t bleed into his expression. Clint’s next words, however, surprise him with their sincerity. “Why don’t you just talk to him?”
“We were, before, but then Morgan was born and somewhere along the way it stopped working. That way, anyway. Never did have the best track record, and I love her, I probably always will, but I only stayed for Morgan, because that little girl’s the most important thing in my life, and if living with her mom is going to give her some stability, a real family, then that’s…I can give her that.”
Tearing away his gloves and scrub cap with the continuous
But then Steve had arrived and Natasha had pretty much welcomed him with open arms. Of course, it isn’t that unusual that someone would take a shine to Steve—Tony suspects that it’s physically impossible to dislike the guy (his own initial feelings notwithstanding), but that even Natasha had warmed up to him right away, when Tony had been incapable of carrying a proper conversation with her, is more than a little disconcerting. (Not to mention that she was close to Steve back when he and Tony couldn’t even be in a room together without sniping at each other.)
She shoots him a glare and he hears her mutter something that he isn’t certain, but definitely sounds like it might be ‘fucking surgeons’.
“I’ve got my interns prepping a patient for an appy so I might swing by and subject them to a bit of fear and humiliation,” she says, and Steve looks absolutely horrified at her admission and Clint snickers openly. “If I publicly eviscerate one of them every once in a while, the others fall in line a lot quicker,” she offers, by way of explanation, before sauntering out the door.
“Come on, Steve. Wouldn’t want my broken hand to fall off, what with all the money it rakes in for the hospital.” He grabs Steve’s hand and pulls him further along down the hall. He watches Fury’s one eye flick towards his injured hand as they pass, and he must decide that Tony has a point, despite the exaggeration, because he lets them go without comment.
“Sure,” Tony scoffs, “it’s easy to say that, but we all know that I’m going to be the one left holding the knife.” He feels himself deflate momentarily, the confidence he’d been riding since his talk with Bruce waning. He refuses to meet Steve’s eyes, because the last thing he wants right now is to be forced to deal with the understanding he knows he’ll see there.
“Right…” Clint says, reminding Tony of his presence, “any plans aside from ‘enjoying the scenery’ and maiming hospital employees?”
insight into the situation.
For years, since he woke up in an unknown future with nothing and no one, Steve has been trying so hard to avoid bleeding on people. He keeps everything in, bottles it up and locks it away. But now it’s coming out in a torrent, and it might just drown all of them.
He says goodbye to Sam, and turns to Bucky, falling into a well-rehearsed exchange,
He’s spent five years telling other people about the importance of moving on, but he’s never been anything but a hypocrite. He’s been running from the idea of moving on for far longer than five years, and now…
tell anyone that I’m here. I won’t be that charity case that everybody feels sorry for. I’m Howard Stark and I won’t be pitied.” Faced with no other options, Tony had agreed.
“I never said I couldn’t do it,” Tony snaps, straightening up to push away from the wall. Steve takes an instinctual step back. “I said I didn’t want to do it. Look up the difference. I only didn’t want to do it because if that guy drops dead on the table it’ll be my reputation that gets dragged through the mud.” There’s a surge of anger colouring his words and he knows that it’s irrational. He just doesn’t care.
“Thank you, Peter. Maybe next time you can try not terrify everyone in the room,” Tony says, turning towards the patient. “I’m not going to sugarcoat this for you, because that’s not what I do. I have reservations about this surgery, so I make no promises. I have an idea of how to proceed but that’s just what this is, an idea. There’s really no precedence for this.” He takes in the look on their faces, the steely determination on Phil’s and the concern on Maria’s. “But if anyone is going to pull this surgery off, it’s me.”
Tony makes to follow him. “No, no, where are you going?” His hand is locked on the back of Steve’s neck to keep him from moving too far away. Not that Steve couldn’t dislodge Tony’s grip if he wanted, but he’s banking on Steve’s desire to alleviate, not cause him pain.
“What are you doing here?” he bites, grip tightening.
Well, maybe.
He watches Maria’s face crumple when he gives her the news. The taste of bile sits heavy in his throat.
Tony from only a few days ago, walk across Camp Lehigh with no knowledge that in such a short time Tony will be—
“I am so fucking sick and tired of hearing that,” Steve says, and throws the stone as hard as he can, out over the edge of the cliff.
“I had to see if you could straighten it,” amidst the lingering ache, Tony can feel Steve’s thumb running softly over the back of his hand. “I think it’s safe to guess that it’s at least fractured. We’ll get you down to x-ray and take a look, okay?” He moves as though to stand and Tony bears his weight down to keep him in place. Steve looks at him, confused.
That’s it: 4-fucking-percent. Meaning that of the 5.4 million Americans suffering from the disease, 200,000 of those poor bastards are closer to Tony’s age than his grandfather’s (if he were still alive, anyway) and isn’t that a kick in the face.
It’s almost an hour into Tony’s wait that Clint finds him. His only response is to raise an eyebrow at Tony’s position on the floor before settling down beside him.
“And why is that?”
Steve doesn’t even blink, “No, sir.”
“Then you must allow them the dignity of that choice,” and suddenly Steve is no longer speaking to a dead queen in an alien world, but sitting in the bombed out remains of the Whip & Fiddle in a devastated corner of London, trying desperately to get drunk, and Peggy is telling him to
“I don’t have another surgery scheduled until tomorrow morning and all my post- and pre-op patients are under the care of residents and interns…” Well, it’s really Fury’s own fault that he decided to ask that question to the only organised member of his attending staff. A muscle ticks in Fury’s jaw, “sir,” Steve adds, almost as an afterthought.
, this must be Thor’s mother.
He clenches his eyes shut, feeling like he might be about to vibrate out of his skin. There are hands resting against his jaw, soft like he might break. “Steve, hey,” Tony says, and Steve’s breath shudders out of him. “We’ll fix it. I’ll let someone else use the stones, I swear.” Tony is trying, saying what he thinks Steve wants to hear and that, more than anything, is what makes Steve realise how pointless all of this is.
, Tony shouldn’t be the one comforting him, but he can feel the flutter of Tony’s heart against his back, the rise and fall of his chest, the strength of his arms, determined to hold Steve together even as he shakes apart.
“Why did you take Natasha?”
“Steve?” Tony’s hand is rubbing on his shoulder, his touch firm and sure. “Baby, what’s wrong?”
“Don’t worry about it.”
Come on, Tony.
“Wow…Does it…does it get better?” There’s a tremble in his voice, and Steve thinks it could be hope and dread, or both.
Of course, that only makes him feel even more awful.
Steve smiles at the acknowledgement, then his gaze shifts—finally, unfortunately—to Tony.
But Tony…
Steve blinks up at him, confused as Tony grabs a chair from the table, dragging it around until its opposite where Steve is now sitting up, and settling in.
waiting for…me, I’m just…enjoying the scenery,” he replies, stretching his legs out and forcing a passing nurse to swerve to avoid tripping.
The second time is when he tells Bruce, “No, you stay here, I’ll return the stones.” He looks back, and…nothing.
The laugh escapes before Tony has a chance to rein it in.
“What the hell were you doing in an abandoned house?” Tony asks, trying to bring the patient’s attention back to him. He can see others moving around, getting ready to remove the rebar and pack the wound so he doesn’t bleed out before they get him into surgery.
His younger self seems to collapse inward, a marionette with its strings cut. “I want to go home,” he says, and Steve watches the stoicism he remembers building to shore himself up, crumble for a moment.
“Steve, I think you’re having a panic attack, I need you to breathe with me. Whatever it is, we can work through it, just breathe,” Tony says, scooting over to Steve’s side and laying a hand against Steve’s chest, telegraphing the movement as he does it, and Steve, he crumples, folding forward, sobs he can’t hold in anymore, ones he’d felt building, desperate to come out when he’d seen Tony’s body lying unresponsive on the earth, cracking through his chest.
“Was a dare,” he groans, despite the painkillers now pumping into his body. “My friends, they dared me.”
The sight makes Tony suck in a breath through his teeth.
“What do you think about these?” Tony asks, inclining his head towards the screen.
“I don’t think even you can fight destiny Steve, if dying is the only way…”
He tries to keep his voice level, “look, even if there was a slim chance that I succeeded, that I got the worms out of there, anything could happen in surgery! He might not survive anyway. I don’t want to do it.”
“Tony, we’re ready to go over here. It’s time to put him under now,” Natasha tells him, voice surprisingly soft. He looks over to find her watching him. He’s trying to decipher the expression when she reaches over and clasps his uninjured wrist, giving it a light squeeze.
There are so many ways Tony could react to Steve’s admission. So many ways he wants to react. He could dwell on the terrifyingly soft, earnest look in Steve’s eyes when he says the word ‘love’ and looks at Tony, or he could brush it off as nothing more than a coincidence.
“Please,” Clint scoffs, waving away Tony’s words, “like your opinion on the matter would count for anything,” he rolls his eyes, head tilted back against the wall, and Tony sputters, outraged.
He bulldozes right over Steve’s defence. “But I’m going to go in there and rock that goddamn surgery, and then I’m going to tell Nick Fury to go fuck himself.”
Both Steve and Tony whip around to find Steve, this Tony’s Steve—and damn if that doesn’t shoot a flare of bitterness and irrational jealousy, that he still has a Tony to take home with him, nevermind that Steve had that same Tony’s mouth panting against his not too long ago—standing in the doorway, arms crossed and looking distinctly unimpressed at Steve’s presence.
“It was my fault because I didn’t stand up to you. Because I let you push me into a surgery that was against all of my better judgement, and the patient died because of the risks that I knew were there. Tony watches Fury’s jaw clench tightly as he continues speaking, softening his tone because that’s what you do when comforting a patient’s loved ones and though he refuses to admit it now, that’s what Fury is. Tony’s done with lashing out at people. “And I am sorry about Phil.”
Something seems to shift in Fury’s expression. “Now here’s a day I never thought I’d see, going to have to mark it in my calendar,” he says, tone calculated, mocking. “The great Tony Stark admitting defeat.”
By the time he makes it to the top of the mountain, the chill hasn’t abated despite the pleasant ache in his muscles. It takes him a moment to notice the dark, floating figure in the shadows.
“Steve Rogers, ma’am,” he says, feeling awkward and unsure about what the protocol is when meeting the Queen of Asgard. His hand twitches uncertainly at his side, as she appraises him with eyes that seem far older than the face they’re set in, but Steve knows Asgardians don’t age as humans do, so he could never be certain as to how old she actually is. She has a 1500-year-old son, after all.
“I’m sorry, my friend,” Thor says, clapping him on the back with one of the massive paws that he uses to break and reset bones down in ortho, “but I fear that you are mistaken.” Thor always speaks as though he should be living in a regency-era aristocratic family—it’s one of the things that Tony secretly likes about him. “While they do indeed speak of all those that you mentioned, they undoubtedly prefer to focus on your affair with Steven.”
“We won the battle, the reason we needed the stones, but my friends…they died.”
Oh god,
“Don’t be a fool. There is no returning from a death caused by the stones.” Steve shoots him an unimpressed look. “A real death. I was merely transported. Your friends, they have been taken. This power is not for mortal men. It extracts a price.”
“You know me,” he claps Steve on the shoulder, dislodging his hand and dismissing the obvious concern in his gaze, “I’m always okay.”
The thing about Alzheimer’s is that the odds of developing it under the age of 65 are only 4 percent.
“Nothing,” he plasters a fake smile on his face, “nothing at all.” Forcing himself to his feet, he throws his hands out in what he hopes is a placating gesture.
He watches from his limited vantage point, breath caught in his throat as the other Steve’s eyes flick over his hiding place, returning to focus on their next step only when Tony says something to him. Steve breathes a sigh of relief. If there’s one thing he’s sure of this time around, it’s that he needs to not let his younger self see him. He tells himself bullshit excuses, that the temptation to warn him, to tell him what’s to come, will be too much; that he’s there to return the space stone, and nothing else. In and out. Focus on the mission.
With his lab coat, salt and pepper hair and glasses, Tony has always thought of Bruce as the most visually suited to this profession of theirs.
“An order? Who the hell—I am the best neurosurgeon in this country—fuck that, the world! Do you know what it means when I say it can’t be done?” Tony is entirely aware that he’s shouting so loudly he’s drawing the attention of everyone in the long corridor they’re standing in (not to mention the neighbouring rooms), but can’t find it in himself to care. It isn’t like anyone’s going to be surprised, Fury always manages to bring out the best him. “It means it. Can’t. Be. Done. So if you want to send your patient to execution, that’s fine, but I won’t be his executioner.”
“I don’t want it to,” his counterpart confesses in a whisper that Steve has to strain to hear.
Steve’s mind fractures and the warm, vibrant body in his arms is suddenly replaced with his last sight of Tony on the battlefield, the right side of his face burned, his body struggling to draw in enough air, FRIDAY’s voice saying “life functions critical”. And there’s something new working its way through his body, a sob building, and before he can rein it in it shudders out of him as buries his head into Tony’s shoulder and gasps wetly.
“Hi, mom,” he replies, already devising a way of cutting the conversation short. She’s developed this uncanny knack for calling him at the most inopportune times.
His mind is working a mile a minute, shooting through possible ways to tackle this problem, before the decision is taken out of his hands altogether.
“So the one in 14,000,605 futures that Strange saw, the only way we succeed is through my death,” Tony says, voice typically glib in the face of bad news, but there’s something there, an undercurrent that becomes more pronounced when he takes a shaky breath in. “Right. That’s that then. Man, I guess that’s what he was apologising for when he said it was the only way to win.”
He leaves Fury’s office with an ease to his gait, the other man’s gaze heavy across his back.
But Steve doesn’t have time to deal with this now, he looks over and Howard is looking the other way for the moment, but he won’t be for long. He uses the grasp he has on Tony’s hips, lifting him and spinning them both around the corner so they’re hidden behind the safe the cube is still sitting in, and Steve hopes Howard doesn’t notice that the door is ajar, the faint blue glow of the tesseract bleeding into the room.
He’s leaning against the wall, breathing hard, when Steve speaks again. “Did you know that I wanted to be an artist?” Tony looks up at the non sequitur to see that Steve is coming towards him, his movements slow, as though Tony is a wild animal he’s trying not to spook. He pads across the room silently, his sock-clad feet noiseless on the floor. Tony makes a small sound of encouragement, and he continues, “I was a little kid, got sick a lot, wasn’t strong enough to play outside with the other kids, so I spent a lot of time indoors. Mostly, I filled my time with art.” He reaches forward to pry Tony’s hand away from where it’s cradled against his body, his touch feather-light. Tony tries but fails to swallow down a whimper of pain. “
Tony takes it as a positive sign, lifting his hands to rest against either side of Steve’s neck. “What I’m trying to say, I guess, is that—” Tony stalls for a moment, the words suddenly dying in his throat. He scrambles for something else to say, because he can’t seriously be thinking of doing this, can he? But his brain—his fantastic, infallible brain, is failing him. Then he’s looking at Steve and there’s something that might be hope warring with fear in his expression and dammit, Tony can’t back down now.
“Screw his rules!” He growls in frustration, kicking the wall with the heel of his foot, “Screw his stupid pride! We have to tell people, I’m sure he doesn’t want to die in that place when he could have been saved.” The sob he hears this time is louder. “Stop crying!” He snaps, then immediately feels guilty. It isn’t his mother’s fault, she’s as much of a victim of Howard’s ego as he is. He flicks a glance at his watch and starts at the time.
“Fine,” Tony says, wondering how much longer he has to be here today to keep up the pretence of being a caring son.
“It doesn’t sound like we have much choice, Steve,” Tony says, hand warm and heavy on Steve’s neck, grounding as he thumb sweeps back and forth.
“I did nothing. The soul holds a special place among the infinity stones, it demands a sacrifice. A soul for a soul. Your friends, they fought. Natasha won, or should I say…she lost.”
“I never agreed to subject myself to this kind of abuse,” Tony complains, crossing his arms across his chest.
He picks up Mjölnir and the stone case and leaves what little is left of his life behind.
But the worst part, the worst part is that it doesn’t matter who you are or what you do, there’s no way to avoid it. What you eat, how much you exercise, none of it fucking matters.
Clint disregards his silence and pushes on, a definite teasing note in his voice. “Look, Stark,” and though the two of them are friends, Tony can count on one hand the number of times he’s heard Clint call him by his first name. “I know you’re emotionally stunted, but can you do something about the tension already? The rest of us are over it, I don’t know how you’re not.”
There’s an interminable moment where time seems to freeze and everything else fades into the background, leaving Steve aware of nothing but the light scratch of Tony’s facial hair against his face, the dryness of both their lips, the wide-eyed surprise in Tony’s eyes, the stutter of Tony’s breath in his chest where it’s pressed against Steve’s where his own heart feels like it’s about to burst clean out of his ribs. The awareness that Tony isn’t kissing him back has him clenching his eyes shut in mortification and pulling away, ready to apologise, to beg forgiveness when, for a second time, Tony grasps onto him, hands slipping onto the back of Steve’s neck and fingers threading into the hair there.
It takes all of a few seconds for Tony to get from what was Coulson’s room to the closest on-call room. He barges in, slamming the door behind him and feels the adrenaline rush out of his body. The result leaves him dropping back against the hard surface and sinking to the floor, knees pulled up to his chest.
Tony scrutinises the expression and realises that Fury’s most likely fighting to keep all his pain at losing his friend buried behind a façade of anger, that blaming Tony is probably the easiest solution for him right now.
“I’m sorry I ever made you think I didn’t trust you, Tony. It was never about that. And I do trust you. I trust you with my life.” Steve is breathing the words into the shoulder of Tony’s borrowed lab coat, and he knows this is too much, that there’s no way Tony won’t mention this to the other Steve and this is going to be impossible, and Steve has made a mistake but he just
“To tell you that you made the wrong call.” The difference between Steve’s demeanour earlier and now is enough to give him whiplash. “And to make sure you aren’t thinking of punishing Tony for something that was obviously not his fault.”
what was he thinking? There’s a reason he had never initiated any kind of physical contact between them after what he’d done, how he’d
He can feel Tony’s scrutiny on him again, and the realisation that he kissed Tony sinks in.
“Except when the situation involves Steve, and your brain flies out the window, leaving a pining, love-struck teenager in its wake,” Clint says, pulling his scrub cap off and running a hand through his hair, leaving it standing up in spikes. Tony won’t admit that the words hit a bit too close to home.
“He isn’t with Pepper. Don’t make my mistakes,” Steve takes a deep breath in. “And keep him safe,” and then he isn’t there anymore.
He’s nursing a boxer’s fracture encased in brand new cast and under the influence of some rather heavy painkillers when the page comes in from the ER.
“She’ll be fine,” he says, resolute.
And because the universe loves him—before Tony can even give voice to the indignant reply sitting on the tip of his tongue—the door to the lounge opens and Steve walks in.
(regardless of how untrue), or something equally self-sacrificing and heroic, but Steve can’t—won’t—let it happen again.
“Go? What are you talking about, Steve? I’m right here. I’m not going anywhere,” Tony’s voice is a soft rumble against his body and Steve thinks,
“I couldn’t save you. Not when you faced Thanos on a planet so far from home, God, Tony, I couldn’t even do it when I was standing on the same goddamn battlefield. I was
He knows he’s barely skirting around the truth, that the best way to avoid himself is to be where Tony is. No, where the stone needs to be returned to. He needs to wait for Tony to take the tesseract and then go in and return it. Easy. In and out.
“Yeah,” Steve says, thankful that this looks like it’s going to be much easier than he thought.
Steve turns and walks away, not letting himself look back at Tony holding his destruction in the palm of his hand. As he walks by his younger self, Steve puts a firm hand on his shoulder.
“I don’t care whether you think I can do it or not,” he says.
“How’s the patient doing?” He pushes open the door, entering the room ahead of the intern.
“I don’t know about you,” Steve interjects, bringing his lips up to Tony’s ear, voice dropping into a whisper, “but I’m pretty tired.”
It takes over three hours, but they get the rebar out and the patient in stable condition. He’ll be under surveillance for a while to make sure he doesn’t begin haemorrhaging internally or infection doesn’t set in, but things are looking good.
“2023,” he says, because what could it hurt to tell him now?
“So what happened, kid?” He asks, examining the wound, trying to visually judge its trajectory and the odds of it having pierced the spinal column.
“Are you sure about this?” Steve asks, refusing to dance around the issue at all.
“Wait, are you on anything? Should you even be working?” She asks, eyes flicking down again.
Hatred surges through him where it should be sympathy, hatred towards his father for making his mother sound so helpless, for making them feel obligated to keep his secret.
“I love you.”
He looks up and Steve is leaning up on his elbows in one of the beds, blinking away the last dregs of sleep. As a doctor you learn to get what little rest available to you whenever you can, it’s simply Tony’s bad luck that he happened to come into the room Steve had chosen for his nap.
“Maybe if you stop giving people so much to gossip about…”
But maybe it doesn’t matter. This is hardly the way that he wants to earn his father’s approval anyway.
As he’s trying to catch his breath, Steve’s knees finally give out and he lowers them to the floor, Tony ending up in his lap, his weight a grounding comfort for Steve’s over-stimulated body.
“Didn’t sound like you got your way this time,” Bruce says, expression softening. “I’m sorry.”
“Have you checked her heart?” Asks Steve, drawing Tony’s reluctant attention. “It’s rare but an arrhythmia could cause seizures.”
“Wait, wait, it’s okay,” Tony says, arm outstretched like Steve is a wounded animal he’s trying to calm. There’s something ridiculous about the image too, They must look quite the pair right now, clothes rumpled with their pants open and come staining their clothes, and Steve can feel the certainty that this is the last time he’ll ever see Tony washing over him, and it’s terrifying.
Those two had hit it off pretty much right away. Up until that point, Tony had suspected that Natasha was incapable of being nice to anyone but Clint, and theirs was a history he hadn’t even attempted to parse through. Sure, she was always civil and he’d even seen her smile at Thor a few times, but Tony had never been on the receiving end of one.
“Now, I want you to know, Captain Cardio,” Clint says, kicking his chair back to balance on two legs, “that normally I’d be rolling my eyes at you trying to turn everything into a heart issue,” he says, a fake reprimanding look on his face as he points at Steve. “But, in this case I might have to agree that that’s actually a good idea.”
“What is it that you want, then?” Fury asks through clenched teeth.
“Look, I stand by what I told Fury,” Tony admits. “The odds aren’t good. He might live for a while with the cysts, but if I do the surgery, and he dies…” he can feel the same choking anger rising in him again. “It’s Phil, you know? What do you think Fury’s going to do if I kill—what I think is—his only friend?”
His face fall. "Toni, I-"
She wasn't sure if it was because her mind wouldn't shut off, and even before the nightmares, it never shut off. She would wake up every few hours with some new idea that she couldn't get off her mind, and she couldn't get back to sleep until it was completed. If she was honest with herself which she rarely was, there was another reason why she couldn't sleep. It was her doubt and loneliness. Sure, she had Pepper, Happy, and Rhodey, but they weren't always enough, and when they left as they always did, she was alone. Painfully alone. It hard to go to sleep when there was no one wake up to. No one to hold her when she needed it.
"What's going on back here?" Steve asked as he stepped into view. He was eyeing Barnes strangely. It was the same look that he had given Barnes before in the bar.
. She was so going to get her back for this. "You haven't won," she stated as she rotated on a dime and playfully pushed him back.
Toni knew when she was trapped in a corner. Setting the gun on the floor, she turned to face Salty fully.
"Not Shell head," Toni whined, as she continued to watch Steve. Her eyes followed his every movement as he started to undue the buckles on his uniform. At a time like this, he hated the number of buckles and snaps he had on this thing. Seriously, why did he have so many? What was the purpose of having this many? Was any reasons for these buckles besides keeping him in the uniform?
The smart ass in her wanted to say something, but she couldn't. Not only were her words distance to her, her throat was sore. Her lips were quacked, and she could taste the blood whenever she opened her mouth. What was it about time travel? It was no wonder that she was out for the week when she traveled to the past. It completely drained her.
Reaching for the oversize shirt that he had grabbed, Steve dropped the towel. He held the shirt in his hand for a second as he took in Toni's every curve, putting it to memory. He might need to put it to paper later, though the very thought brought a bright red to his face. Shaking his head and shifting again, Steve tapped her arms to prompt her to lift her arms. He could feel her breath on him as he left the shirt over her head.
"No, it's not…" She drifted off, as one of her hands went to her tags, holding them tightly.
With her arms folded across her chest, Toni glanced at him before looking down at the table. As it was a 1940's, it took Toni a few seconds to realize what she was looking at. She could see a few enemy camps close to where they were. She suddenly realized why Barnes didn't like her to stray too far. "So is this why you asked me here?" she asked.
He tried to fight the images of her naked out of his mind, but it was failing. He also couldn't keep the blush from his cheeks either. He really was screwed, wasn't he?
The genus tried to move, but she get anywhere. Either her body wasn't responding, or it was responding and she wasn't going anything anywhere, which was just as scary. "Help," she screamed, trying to move in the darkness. "HELLO!" she screamed, unable to make out her hands in front of her. "Is there anyone there?" she asked yelling, her voice shaking.
Steve smiles. "Sure, why not? They're usually cheery. I'm not in a mood for a depressing flick." His grip on Tony's waist and on Bucky's hand tightens.
"Rogers," Toni uttered. She was at a loss of words for a few moments, as her mind couldn't wrap itself around the fact that Steve was here in front of her. Why was he here? How did she not scare him off before with her cruel words? "The man of justice, peace, and the American Way. What are you doing here, Cap?" she asked, trying to keep her emotions in check.
Toni wanted to hide her face as she caught the look Steve's face. "Now, now. Let the child have her fun," she said, trying to change the conversion. "You two are just too old to understand."
"Yes, Sir."
Clint stepped past Steve, not waiting for a respond. "Where's Potts?" he asked.
Toni Stark had always been a night owl, awaking up noon and sleeping at odd hours. Most of the time, she didn't go to bed until the sun was coming up, and when she did go to bed, it was usually only for a few hours. She didn't care who had an issue with it, as it was when she did her best thinking. It was when she felt the most free, but it was also when she felt alone. Alone to think…granted with Toni that wasn't always a good thing, but she was alone to be herself. To drop her mask. To be free of judgement.
Not wasting another second, he stepped forward, signaling the doors to open automatically, and as he stepped in, Bruce stepped to the side, wiping his hands on something. When Toni swung her legs over the side of the exam table, Steve couldn't stop the blush that was forming in his cheeks. His cheeks felt warm to the touch. Her blouse was unbuttoned with her chest exposed, and it was battle to keep his eyes off her chest. She was beautiful. Breathtaking. Perfect.
"Heading out where?" she asked.
"I don't see her wearing the ring." Clint replied, taking aim.
Toni was about to snap, which she didn't need to do in front of everyone. Shaking her head, she left and didn't turn back when she heard her name. How did she miss this? How could she not notice that he was the same ass as before?
JARVIS took a few seconds to respond as if he was having trouble locating the genius. "She is not in the tower, Sir."
She tried to fit the broken glass back into the frame, though it was pointless. He would surely notice…though he would probably say it was nothing even if it was. It was something he did just to avoid hurting her feelings. Again, that annoyed her. Why did he have to be so perfect?! "Why do you always lose your temper, Stark?" she asked herself, knowing that she wasn't perfect at all. Why was she jealous of Rogers? "Because…" Toni took a deep breath as she closed her eyes. He had everything. He had a loving family and the respect that she dreamt of. There was also the fact that he got the attention from her father that she always wanted. He was everything her father wanted, while she was nothing. He had a whole nation that loved him, while she had a whole nation that wanted to see her fail. How did he get to be so lucky?
"Are you calling yourself fat?" he asked with a smirk. This time, his smile reached his eyes. "If so, I need to find this boyfriend of yours and have a talk with him. He isn't doing his job and worshiping you like the queen that you are."
"Let's get you back," he said, holding her tightly. He could see the sleepiness in her eyes as she fought to stay awake. "You rest. I got you."
seeing things, and Jim had the right to be worried, but she
Tony doesn't want to hear this and wishes they would all move the hell on. There's no going back. "And I wasn't there to see that?" he mocks. "Dang." He leans back into Rhodes' chest as if to hide from the rest of the room. It doesn't take long for Natasha to rest her head on his shoulder and pull his legs into her lap. Within seconds, her hand slips into the tight boot, massaging the tender skin beneath. The Genius can and might fall asleep like this, feeling contented against these two, and he hasn't felt like that for a while, which is probably why he can't recall the last time he has slept for more than two hours.
"I cannot say for certain. She did take precautions, which could have protected it from being permanently damaged."
Toni released her shirt, allowing it to hide the reactor. Maybe, it was a good thing it wasn't as bright. "Toni, keep it together," she told herself. She had to keep her head on her shoulder if she wanted to get through this. She lowered her head to the dresser and rested it there for a few seconds. "Need to act like a Stark…like a Stark," she repeated. She didn't know what it really meant to act like a Stark though. "I can wing it like I always do."
Toni let out a chuckle—a much needed chuckle. God, she loved this AI…Was that weird? Okay, it was weird, but JARVIS was more than a program to her. All her AIs were. "Good. I'll be making the call." It was a call that both of them knew would never happen. She would rather shoot herself. "Just…" Stopping in her tracks, she spotted Steve running with what appeared to be another man, though Toni wasn't sure if she could call it that. Even from a few yards away, she could see that Steve was passing him, which seemed to annoy the man.
Toni's eye twitched as she turned back to him. Ignoring the fact that he had lifted her spirits in the matter of seconds, she was glaring at him. "Don't you dare!" she said, turning back to him.
Toni's eye twitched. "You won't get off that easy."
"Was not, Jerk," Steve shoots back.
"Because we care, Tony," he says, softly, as he looks at him.
Steve turned suddenly, almost falling off the couch. "Wait….What?" Natasha laughed, which was rare. "Is he inferring that Stark and I are…?" he asked, turning to Natasha. Clint started laughing, seeing Steve's face was blood red. "We haven't done anything. We're just friends…" He paused and looked around, trying to locate a good spot to stare. "There's nothing going on between us…"
This is why he spends much of his time in the lab, so no one will learn the truth. He doesn't need them to know that he has a crush—No, not a crush. He's not a teenager girl. He doesn't get and have crushes. He's grown ass man for crying out loud, though he isn't sure what to call
"Fuck!" she swore as she burnt her hand on the torch. She suddenly dropped the torch as she waved her burnt hand into the air, trying to cool it. After a few seconds, she remembered that the torch was still on. "FUCK!" Without thinking, Toni reached down to turn it off. She fumbled with it as her hand hurt like hell. She didn't need her tower to burn down. "Fuck!" She cursed as she realized which part of the torch she had grabbed. She had picked up the metal mouth with her already burnt hand. "Fuck!" After she had set down the torch, she stared at her hand for a second, watching it turn deep red before reaching for the first aid. She knew this was her fault as she allowed her mind to drift.
Toni wasn't sure as she didn't have a normal relationship with her father. "I would suppose you would be right," she replied.
"My name is Toni Stark." She didn't give her full first name as she hated her full name, and Salty really didn't need to know what Toni was short for. And if he wasn't stupid, he should have an idea of what it was.
It was a really sweet of him, but it was a bit creepy as well. If she didn't know Rogers, she would think he was some kind of serial killer. "Why? So you can murder me in dark alley?" she joked. You know, Rogers could be the prefect serial killer with the right strategy, she thought as no one would suspect him, the shrimp.
Anyhow, I hope you like this chapter. Let me know through reviews! It is longer than I expected
Toni stared at the mysteriously glass before glaring at the two of them. "I don't like to be handed things." There was a brief second of wonder as to how she got here with these two and why they were doting on her.
"And we don't have time for this."
"Yep. It seems like my grandfather knows everyone. Iron Man. Captain America." Trip smiled. "So grandpa, are you going to introduce me to the Dallas Cheerleaders now?"
"Stop thinking so much," Steve said, his eyes never leaving her. "You're overthinking. I can practically hear it."
"I thought…I was going to hurt you, Tony. I thought I would wake up and find you…in the puddle of your own b-blood. Killed from my own hand," Bucky whimpers, continuing. His voice is shilling, and it breaks Tony's heart. He sounds like he has lost everything that he has ever cared for.
"Oh, don't worry," Steve states. "We'll take care you."
The Asset gave the Senator a look before he stepped toward the window. He wasn't sure what drew him to the window as he had a mission to focus on. But, it seemed like he wasn't needed for this assignment as Rumlow had it under control.
Her eye twitched, because it was his fault. That stalker was his, though she had no idea of how he was able to do anything in this time as her hand went right through him. However, it seemed like he could touch some things as he was touching that tool. "Why don't you tell me what this deal is first," she said, still struggling in the chair.
However, it didn't matter if they or anyone else tracked them down, as long as he had his Brunette. For some reason that the Asset could not understand, his chest lightened at the thought of having her. It felt like he was light as a feather, standing on air, at the thought that she was his—though he still couldn't find out why. Why was she so important to him? Why did he need her? And why did he want to run his hand through her mess, coffee colored hair? Again, he wasn't sure, but he was going to find her, no matter what. He was going to find her.
"Get away from her," Rogers yelled.
"Of you? You can't even touch me without phasing right through me," she replied. She may have been scared of Skully, but with her new found information, she knew she was safe for now. Loki wanted her alive for something, though that was a scary though.
"It's inappropriate after everything that had happened," he said with a sigh.
she thought. She couldn't believe that she just said that. "Just my term for an idiot," she answered, trying to cover up the fact that she just referenced a TV show that didn't exist yet. It was a good TV show though.
"And if you end up dead?" he questioned carefully.
"I don't know what to do." Wiping her eyes, she glanced back toward his direction, her eyes focused on her device. She got the power core connected, and though there were some bugs, it should work. Maybe, she should just go home, and forget about everything. However, it was risky, because she hadn't tested it yet, and there was no telling where it would send her.
After dusting himself off, Barnes rubbed the spot that Toni decked him with the gun. He could already feel the black eye coming on. "I just wanted to make sure you were okay."
Someone was sitting on her chest, squeezing the life out of her. "I w-wouldn't. I d-didn't. Not you." There was a reason why she wore his dog tag round her neck. She cared for this man more than he would ever know. He didn't know how much it killed her to let him die. He didn't know how much she wished she could've changed it.
"Do you love Rogers?"
what it meant. She knew something
They were on the move again and the word around the camp was that it could be
She looked at him, feeling like a total bitch. How could she do this?
As if she had been burnt, Toni pushed off the man's hand and rolled away from him. "Stranger Danger," she yelled, as she pressed her back against the wall and scanned the room. "I repeat! Stranger Danger," she yelled, as she tried to get her legs to any anything. The only thing she felt was numbing pain, and no matter what she did, her legs felt dead.
" he snapped. No one was going to tell him that he didn't love Toni, no one. "Colonel, what happened?" he demanded in his Captain's voice. He was tired of this game and he just wanted Jim to spit it out already. "What happened?" he asked, demanding. He could feel a few heads turn toward him, and Steve wondered if Natasha could hear Jim as he was speaking so loudly. He didn't doubt it, judging by Natasha's stiff form. "Jim," he said, his voice calming again.
"What unit are you with?" Steve asked, reaching out his hand for Toni to take. Without saying a word, Toni took it.
Bruce glanced toward Clint, who was still eyeing Pepper. He took a deep breath as he let out sigh. He opened his month to speak, but nothing came out. He closed his month after a few short seconds, only to open it again, though it was the same result. No words formed on his tongue. He let out another sigh.
For working for Shield, Steve wasn't the most security conscience person, trusting society more than he should; Toni couldn't believe how naïve he was. In this case
Pepper laughed. "And, Steve," she called, still laughing.
Toni's hands tightened around her, her hands digging into her shirt. "So do you even want to be here?" she asked, her voice breaking. "Or just forced? You have other things to do? You know Captain America and all."
Bruce took a step forward as if to step between Steve and the angry CEO, who was shooting draggers from her eyes. "I don't think it matters what was said," Bruce said calmly. "But whatever was said, it should be taken with a grain of salt."
Besides, she had to find something to wear, because she was the idiot who only had the clothes on her back. No joke. However, one of Steve's dress shirts worked just fine in her opinion and she was right. With her small form, it was the prefect length for a dress, though some might call too short. But you know what? She had awesome legs, and she was pretty sure that Steve would agree to that. "Right, Steve?" she asked, not even asking him the question.
Trying to keep warm, she hopped and jumped around as she tried to work her muscles in her legs; however, that only seemed to zap her energy, leaving her seconds from drooling on the ground. Trying to keep herself sane in her failings, she dug her exposed shivering fingers into her palms, almost to the point of blood. She was trying to distracted herself, but she could barely feel the pain in her palms. It felt like a pinch as her fingers and toes felt like they were seconds from falling off-well again, that was when she could feel them. The pain would disappear for a second before reappearing the next. When the feeling disappeared, she was scared.
"As you can't run from yourself, you can't run from me. I will follow."
Steve took a deep breath. "No, this isn't."
He eyed her. "I heard you didn't like me. Can I ask why?" He paused as she didn't answer him. After a long silence, he spoke, "I'll change that as no one can hate this smile."
"I'm fine," Toni stated. "Just thinking." Not even a few seconds later, she felt a present over her right shoulder and she knew it was Rogers. "I'm fine, Captain."
Barnes pushed himself up. "Yea," he stated. Steve had been awkward with him since he had found him in that room. He didn't know how to handle Steve when he was like this. "Let's keeping going," he said as he used the railing for support. Steve nodded as they continued down the long rafters.
Toni glanced at him before looking at Rogers, who was staring at her with those stupid blue eyes of his. "I think it-" Before she could finish, Barnes picked her up. "What the hell?" she stated.
"Oh, Toni," Killian teased, stepping all too close to the brunette for her likening. There was a playful tone in his voice as he spoke. "I wanted to repay you with the same gift that you so graciously imparted to me all of those years ago." He reached one hand forward as if to move the hair out of Toni's face, while the other reached int his pocket for something that the Genius couldn't see. "I must say I'm curious what this will do to you and…the child." He said with a strange look in his eyes. "But think about it. How will it turn out?" he added as he waved the needle in front of her.
Toni took the sling off so she could have better movement of her arm, and she took a seat on the floor in front of the table. She should go to bed, but one, she was a night owl, and two, each time she closed her eyes she saw that no-face man. She couldn't sleep with his haunting face…or lack of one. She wished she had her special pills that she had in the future, which no one knew about. She used the pills to sleep, because she had a hard time going to bed without them. With her genius mind, it was hard to get her mind to stop, and then, there were the panic attacks. It was hard to sleep without dreaming about
"I don't need you. I want you. With those Americans, that mind of yours is going to waste," he stated. He turned to Zola who was working on something.
"I joined the army!"
"I can't help but feel you're being emotional about this," he said, holding his ground. He didn't move to counter Toni, but then again, he didn't need to move to overpower her. His voice alone could do that.
Fury looked at her, trying to read what she was thinking. "It'll allow us to get some idea of where she is and how we can get her back. We might need her brain for that."
Forcing her eyes open, she was startled to see Barnes, who was looking at her with a deep concern. "What the hell?" she yelled as she pushed him off. "What are you doing here?" she asked, trying to play it off. Nightmares weren't anything really as they were something that she could deal with. Besides, another rule of hers was not to show weakness. Having nightmares were a sign of weakness.
Her eye twitched. "Not that bad? Have you tried working with him?" He looked at her. "Okay, Okay. I know you are now. But his ego just makes me want to puke."
"I think we're all crazy, Toni
"I can." Toni, glaring, looked up and studied him. This man was different than the man, who raised her, and it pissed her off. "I have no interest in making friends."
Peggy got off Toni slowly and backed away with her arms in the air. "You don't want to do that," Peggy pleased, looking straight into Toni's eyes as if she was ting to read her.
She thought.
With a deep sigh, Toni sat on the roof of Avengers' tower, and all she could do was stare out at the city that never slept. Though there were some people who didn't care for this city, the genius loved it, loved that there was always something to do. She loved that she could get pizza at any time. Loved that when she couldn't sleep that she could walk out at 3am and talk to someone. The sounds and lights of the city put her to peace like nothing else. To her, it was art, something that she could look at endlessly. It gave herself to focus on, well most of the time. Sometimes, it felt like a curse.
Shaking out of her thoughts, she smiled weakly. "I'm not crazy."
Picking up the device, she reached for the screw driver. She was going to take it a part, because there was something wrong with it on the inside. She was ready to give up on it. "Highway to hell. I'm on the highway to hell." Taking off the metal covering, she stared at the wires.
"Toni, look at me."
Barnes shifts as well. "Because, Tony. We're in love with you, and we want you."
"The Captain and Sergeant left early this morning at 1:58 am, Boss."
Bars and clubs were still open and going strong; music was blasting, coming out into the streets from the numerous doors. People loitered in the streets and on the sidewalks, going from one place to place, and none of these people were quiet. Most were drunk or close to drunk, and they could barely walk, though none of them seem like they wanted to go home. No one wanted to go to sleep, even if they were already halfway there. These were the funny people, even if they were annoying to all hell.
best friend and he was a damn kick ass spy) someone had taken
Which is why he held back this time, determined not to make the same mistake as he chose his words with care.  "Moved on to what?"
Tony looked over before he averted his eyes again.  That didn't erase the image of a sleepy Steve rubbing his eyes as he uncurled his legs from his chest.  Half-awake was a good look on him, but Tony decidedly wasn't thinking about that.
That night in the penthouse.  That had been after Tony had presumably heard the message from his future self.  He'd been almost in tears at just the sight of Steve.  Was that him pushing Steve away or wanting to see Steve one last time?  He could have - probably would have - sent down a message telling Steve to come back another time before that.  But he didn't.
Tony was more curious, however.  He looked at the others, seeing Sharon and Sam exchanging worried looks, but Peggy nudging him towards the cave.  She, at least, felt rather pleased.  "Well, go put on the suit then.  I haven't gotten to see it yet."
"I'll get the meds," Tony said.  Then he disappeared.
, not Iron Man, I wanted to take out on a date, idiot," Steve replied.
"Sure ya are, Steve.  And what you have to do now is sleep," Tony said, his voice fond.
"Since when do you list something on my schedule as a 'business meeting'?" Stark said as Steve looked around for a place to hide it.  He opened the drawers only to find them full of those cookies.  "You haven't even told me who I'm meeting with.  If I didn't know you better, I'd call foul."
"You're awake."  There was relief in her tone that washed over him like a cool rain. "You've got to talk to Steve and get him to back down."
"Sounds about right," Iron Man said, though the armor was stiff and still.  He slid the phone back to Thor.
"Everything that-" Iron Man started, then stopped, shaking his head as he raised a gauntlet to it.  "Okay, does no one else feel like something funny's going on?  This isn't normal."
Stark stopped in the doorway, staring at Steve with open shock on his face.  Steve smiled as innocently as he could and tried not to think of the broken sculpture.  He focused on Stark's attire, which wasn't the bespoke suit that Steve had been expecting.  He was in a ragged t-shirt with some strange design over a dark, long-sleeved shirt and a pair of ratty jeans.  His hair was either artfully trussed or actual bed head.  Steve wasn't well versed enough in modern hairstyles to really tell, but given what looked like grease marks all over his jeans and shirt, Steve was willing to bet the latter.  There was a black mark across his forehead that Steve assumed came from running a hand through his hair, and it was more endearing than Steve would have thought.
"None," Tony said, putting his hands between him and Steve as he curled back into Steve's lap and tried very hard not to think about how much he actually wanted to be there in different circumstances.  "The plane can't be that far.  It wouldn't take long for the armor to find us."
Tony was terrified, but he was killing himself to save the world despite that.  There was an Iron Man in that time line, even if Tony didn't see it.
* * *
"Even computer programs could use a break, Tony," Steve said, gently tugging him away from the computer screen.
"I speak what my parents taught me before they died," Viper said.  "They found this place just after I was born, living in the temple grounds.  The monsters never visit the holy place, and I serve there as its priestess in return for its protection."
Steve looked through the rest of the data, beginning to understand why Tony was upset.  He swallowed, feeling a little sick at the implications of the readings.  Kestrel's scans wouldn't be much better.  "We got them back," Steve said, as much for himself as for Tony.  "We'll keep them from getting hurt like this again."
attractive?"
, or just assumed you knew Iron Man?"
"You don't believe in souls," Steve pointed out.
"You could pull down your walls and see for yourself," Steve challenged.
"Be that as it may, you are not authorized to know that information.  My programming will not allow me to tell you."
"I can handle it," Tony snapped.
"This is weird," Tony said, looking away almost immediately, but Steve couldn't stop staring.  "Is this weird?  Shit, this was a bad idea.  I can leave or-"
Steve breathed out in relief.  At least it wasn't that.  He hesitated, torn between his anger at Tony's words and worry that Tony had been purposefully pushing him away.  He could feel the small tremors in Tony's body, and Steve acted without thinking.  He pulled Tony closer into a tight hug.
"It's not," Steve said, hand going up to rub at his forehead, but Natasha batted that away as well.  He sighed. After Iron Man's rejection, the last thing he needed was to think of this as a date.  It made him miss home and his proper time.  Made him miss Peggy, who returned his feelings.  He never felt like this after talking to Peggy.
"Okay, old man," Sam said with a laugh. "I'll take your word on it. So how did a geezer like you stumble onto such modern vices?"
"These images were taken from a site called Tumblr," FRIDAY said. "Though there are many more sites such as DeviantArt, Instagram, and others."
"Um, what do I say?" Rhodey asked.
"Not what I meant," Tony hissed, remembering how angry he still was at Steve for letting Tony mess with his memories.  It added fuel to the fire, and Tony had a sneaking suspicion that the sick feeling in his gut would take over if he didn't hold on to that fury.
"We have to fight them," he said finally.  "What they're doing, it ain't right, Stark.  Somebody's gotta make a stand."
Tony was not believed.  "Then what did you dream about while you were worrying the rest of us?"
"They're worried about you," Steve said finally, hoping he wasn't pushing too far.  "We all have been.  Just give them a chance."
Steve didn't mention what could happen, because Tony was already coming up with a list in his head.  Instead he placed a small kiss on Tony's head, hugging him tighter.  "I'm proud of you."
"Ms. Potts called me," Steve said gently.  "She said Bruce needed your help for the Tachyon particles.  And she needed you in R&D."
"The metal doesn't bother me, and it's definitely not magic.  This is all science," Tony said.  Steve reached out a hesitant claw, which Tony touched with his gauntlet.  He could feel Steve's awe and wonder, and it warmed something in his heart that Tony was sure had been cold since the War started.
But first he had to actually get out of the suit.
Steve rubbed his cheek against the armor helmet once before flicking his wings in agreement.  "Let's go."
"Yeah, you get that from Pepper's side of your DNA," Tony said with a snort.  "But don't think I don't know a Stark Deflection when I see it.  I patented them."
There was food on the table that Ms. Potts told him to feel free to take.  Steve nibbled on a cookie as he sipped the coffee an intern brought him.  It was strange, seeing the inside of a big business and being given the VIP treatment.  Also slightly daunting.  Steve wished he'd asked Ms. Potts to have the meeting on the Avengers floor rather than here.
Tony looked at him, his mouth slightly open in a way that Steve had to resist leaning in and kissing.  "Why?" Tony asked.
"Did I ever apologize for what I said during the fight with Loki?" he asked in lieu of responding.
Tony brought Steve's hand up to his lips, pressing a soft kiss to the knuckles of Steve's still deadly hands despite the lack of claws.
"Technically no," Tony said around the pin in his mouth.  He pulled it out and stuck it in the fabric, which Steve politely tried his hardest to ignore.  "But change enough things or call it a parody, and they have a lot of wiggle room.  The lawyers said we could kick up a fuss if we wanted, but we probably wouldn't win anything."
"Cobra, hold off," Viper said.  "Well, Mr. Stark?"
"I don't think the upper parts of the tower have anything in them," Steve replied.  "It's just a bunch of small rooms with stairs, and all this metal is giving me a headache."
There was nothing he liked better than flying.
Tony wasn't expecting the light.  He squeezed his eyes against it and the pain it brought.  "Tony?" a mechanized voice asked, elated.  "Rhodey, he's down here!"
"But if you did that, the opposite would-"
"Because nothing else works!" Tony shouted.
Steve shook his head, though it didn't clear it as he'd hoped.  "Tell me what's going on," he pleaded, hoping to break through Tony's stubbornness.
"Tony," Steve said, finally straightening his back.
The original armor he'd made off his father's designs was in the corner, a big, hulking thing compared to the one he wore while he was with the dragons.  The helmet stared at him accusingly as he walked to it, the cold metal glinting in the light.
"There was a disturbance in the north plains we had to check out," Steve said unhappily, looking Tony over as he slowly de-tangled himself from the adventurer.  "Something happened to you."
"Steve, please.  Sweet pea, I need you to wake up," Tony repeated, his voice cracking.  He raised Steve's head to his and rested his forehead against Steve's.  "Come on, big guy.  Red, white and...  you're a regular patriot, did I ever tell you?  I can't use your dragon name, so you have to respond to... Steve."
"Shh, honey.  We’ve already gone through this: the resistance had the mole.  That wasn’t something we could have known," Tony said, patting her back even though she probably couldn't feel it through the armor.  Steve felt his heart twist.  Tony was such a good father, no matter what the other man said, and Steve wished he could have seen Tony with their own daughter at this age.
"We can't stay like this," Tony said, knowing it couldn't last.
The battlefield was a nightmare, but Tony had seen worse before.  He spotted Little Rhodey about to be overwhelmed, so he flew right into the fray, blasting Skrulls with a vengeance.
always wanted it... Christ, Tony had.  For so damn long.
"So, you have some knowledge of the future as well," Kang said, his voice haughty.  "But you must also know that I always win."
It was almost unbearably hot when they went inside.  He saw why when they got further in - open pits of molten earth acting like Roman pools.  He stayed away from those, and Peggy's wing automatically came up to block him from the worst of the heat.  "We don't like the cold," she said by way of explanation.
He leaned down, pressing his forehead against Steve's.  "You won't lose me like you lost Bucky, I promise," Tony said, his lips brushing against Steve's snout.
As long as it wasn't about
Standing abruptly, Stark didn't push his chair back in after leaving it, though Steve did when he followed suit.  "Now, if you're done, I have work to-"
"I'm.  Not.  Him!" Tony spun around, marching back up to Steve and sticking his chin up defiantly, daring Steve to contradict him and plowing forward before Steve could.  "Iron Man is a fiction.  He's someone I made up who could be
She waited until he was at the door before adding, "And if it does turn into a date, be careful of his tongue.  Pepper says he's deadly with it."
Rubbing at his forehead, Steve sighed.  "Right under our noses the whole time," he muttered.  "We weren't acting very friendly towards him either."
.  Needing time to heal isn't the same thing as being useless."
"You don't know that," Steve said again, his voice a low growl.  "We could have found a different solution."
"Only if there's more than one of you of the same color," Tony replied.
Bruce sipped his tea, wrapping his hands around the mug like he coveted its warmth.  "I don't know.  Maybe it's just the way he pokes at me like Iron Man does that's messing with my head."
enjoy listening. Tony's voice was animated and rich when he was talking about something he was excited about. He hadn't wanted Tony to
"You can't solve every problem with food, ya know," Susan replied, though she looked a little better already.
"Thanks," Steve said awkwardly, accepting the cup.  Tony made for the other mug, but she slapped his hand away and gave him the cup of juice.  Tony glared at her, but sipped his juice in sullen silence as Ms. Potts claimed her mug.
Steve sighed as he sat down, and Tony got the impression he wasn't usually that self-conscious once he learned how to control his strength in his post serum body.  The thought also implied Tony was part of the cause, a fact Tony didn't know what to make of.  "I have to get
"Steve," Iron Man tried again.  "What's going on?"
Steve grunted, knowing it was mostly the lack of food; he was always a little grumpy when he was hungry.  He was glad they weren't going to discuss how they'd both woken up.
He felt the shame and guilt rolling off Steve.  "I... alright.  I'll take you to the wall.  But can you get back out the way you came?  The earth trembled before you appeared.  That's why I was at the gate to check."
"Alright, alright," Tony said, laughing.  He looked uncertain for a moment, then shimmered slightly.
Iron Man's lack of denial sunk in.  And people thought Tony Stark was an egocentric double-dealer.   Steve was torn between wanting to shake the man or pull him into a tight hug.  "I don't know who you're trying to protect here, me or him," Steve said, forcing his fingers to relax.  "But you can tell him I'm still not giving up.  And remind him he needs to stop pushing me away like that if this friendship going to work.  He needs to put in some effort too."
"I nearly had him," Natasha said, crossing her arms over her chest.  "Just a week or so more and he would have trusted me.  But with my cover blown, there was nothing I could do."
Sam swore, then issued another command.  "Don't go to sleep on me, Tony."
"You're not going to think the blue guy was right to kill me now, are you?" Tony asked.
* * *
Steve was starting to think that he might be in trouble.
"I'm betting on her," Ms. Potts said with an apologetic wave to Steve.  "And so are you.  Stop making Captain Rogers nervous."
There was a ping, and Steve saw Leon's data that Tony had sent him.  "They broke his leg," Steve said, his hands tightening briefly on Tony's shoulders.
"Doesn't matter," a third voice said, deep and warm.  Tony was startled to find a third dragon joining them.  This one was brown, with horns, and some kind of bird's crest on his chest.  When had he snuck up?
insinuated the girl had been much younger when they'd had sex.  Steve was so angry he almost missed what Stark muttered a few seconds later.  "Or after."
Tony didn't ask, but Steve could sense it - the 'what if they don't give
.  But his ears weren't ringing, even if it felt like they should be.
"That I like my fella dirty and disheveled?" Steve said.
He owed those people, the ones whose only crime was existing.   He needed to be helping them, because what good was a broken body like his if he couldn't use it to make up for the wasted time?
"Thank you," Steve repeated at Tony's disbelief.
"So the underling was, in fact, the master."
And Steve's voice.  Steve's voice that he wouldn't be able to hear again.  He'd known something was wrong from the start, but he'd pushed it aside.  The voice was wrong.  The voice was one he
"Jane and I think Doom might have done something," Bruce agreed.  "I'll take this to Natasha to see what she can find with her connections, but could you..."
"I..."  Steve's eyes widened in surprise and he rubbed his forehead.  "I have.  Plenty of times, I guess.  We navigate by them in the field.  I like the sun too, because that always warms me up.  It's pretty swell."
They needed to get started if they wanted to search the temple.  The dragon crystal wouldn't need much more charging from the moss light and they had to find Viper before then.  Steve was probably pretty hungry too if he was dreaming of food
"Okay?" Steve asked.  He'd been steeling himself for a fight, and it threw him off not to have it.
Steve considered his answer, knowing it had to be a real one.  "Because I don't think Iron Man is as much of a fiction as you say, and he helped me with a lot of my problems.  Even if you aren't him, you
