“Uh, uh.”
Sherlock and Molly fill their trays and head for an empty table in a quiet corner of the busy cafeteria. When they sit, Sherlock makes a face as his sore ass and legs make contact with the hard plastic chair, and he sees comprehension register on Molly’s face. He thinks she’s going to comment, but instead, she says, “So, John lets you use his account for lunch?”
“Yes, Sir. I’ll remember.”
The lights are dimmed, and there are lit candles on the ledge around the large tub filled with foam. A pleasant aroma permeates the air, and Sherlock inhales deeply, filling his lungs with it.
“Christ, Sherlock.”
Sherlock looks back at him and swallows. “Yeah.”
“They’re fine.” He clenches them against John’s chest so he can feel for himself. “I’m sorry. I tried not to.”
John begins to undress. Sherlock watches with anticipation as the polo slips over his head to reveal his taut, tanned torso and muscled arms. Then he unbuckles his belt, unbuttons and unzips his khakis, and pushes them down along with his boxers. He stands naked with the flickering candlelight making the blonde hairs on his body seem to shimmer. His penis hangs soft between his thighs, and Sherlock’s eyes linger there for a moment in silent appreciation. When he walks to the shower to turn on the water, Sherlock's eyes are drawn to his ass. It looks good in jeans and even better bare. He wonders what it would be like to...maybe...just to try it— His thoughts are interrupted when John takes his hand and leads him into the spacious enclosure and under the spray. The water feels amazing as it streams hot over his skin.
“That’s my good boy.”
Heat rises on Sherlock’s cheeks and he draws in a breath. The chirping of birds and the flapping of the flag in the breeze suddenly seem deafening as the words “your kind” repeat in his mind. John is still somewhere behind him. Doesn’t he realize what is about to happen? Sherlock lets the breath out and suddenly, an image of Martin comes to his mind. Then Ms. Hudson. Alan Turing. All the heroes he’s been reading about in class. Something shifts inside him and he becomes calm and resolute.
John smiled at her. “Thanks, sweetheart. I appreciate that. I’m
“Knew it! Knew you were a fucking queer.”
“Sir, are you drunk?”
“Yes, Sir.” Sherlock bites his lip and tenses. When several seconds have gone by and nothing has happened, he begins to have second thoughts. He’s helpless, tied, and he’s only known John for what, a month? His breathing quickens, and he suddenly feels cold all over.
“Charles Darwin is buried in your special church?” Sherlock says incredulously.  “That’s rather ironic.”
“Tiebreaker then?”
“I thought that would come in handy for college,” Myc says.
“Mmm, well I don’t think that will be a problem here. Angelo’s a good friend. Go ahead. Enjoy.”
“Look, Sherlock, we need to get out of here, but let’s get you warm first. And if we can wash off some of that blood, I’ll be able to assess your condition more easily.” John turned the shower taps and tested the water. The pressure was weak, but after several seconds, the water began to warm.  He helped Sherlock to sit in the stall under the stream.
“Do it.”
“Thank you, Sir.”
“What do you mean, how was that? It was only the best thing I ever felt in my life, is all.” There was an awkward silence as they looked at each other, processing what had just happened and wondering what should come next; then Sherlock sat up a bit. “Do you, um, should I—”
“I’m sorry, Doctor Watson. Sherlock. He said he was your father, and I told him you were out, and he asked if he could wait, and I thought it would be OK. It’s what we—”
“Please, call me Stan,” the man said, approaching Sherlock and extending his hand.
“Dr. Watson?”  Wiggy emerges from the kitchen with a bottle of lemonade in one hand and a plate of leftover chicken in the other. “Jeezus!”
“Why don’t I turn over? Is that how you want to do it?”
“Can you tell me how he’s doing?” John said.
Dr. Katharine (Kate) Whitney and her husband Isa are taken from Conan Doyle's "The Man With the Twisted Lip."  In the BBC's "Sherlock" they appear as Kate and her son Isaac in "His Last Vow."
Sherlock moves on to the printed sheet of paper.
!” Mycroft continued.
Sherlock struggles within himself. Will John be angry if he can’t? Will he really stop?  He wants it. He thought he wanted it, but suddenly it carries too much weight. He hears his father’s voice and tries to silence it.
“Like? You’ve outdone yourself, Martin,” John says, as he walks around Sherlock, drinking him in with his gaze. The blue sharkskin suit skims the long lines of Sherlock’s body like a second skin, the rich fabric shimmering and changing colors just like his eyes. John is facing him now and when his own ocean colored eyes fix on him, Sherlock lets out the breath he didn’t even know he’d been holding.
Sherlock doesn’t know whether to be pleased or offended but decides he doesn’t care and wiggles his fingers again in hopes of convincing them that he is, in fact, fine and that they can continue tying.
“Sarcasm?” Sherlock queried.
“Sherlock, I’m going to get the blood out of your hair and off your face.” Sherlock didn’t answer but nodded his agreement.
John looks at one and then the other and says, “Give us a minute first, please.” He looks at Myc and jerks his head toward the curtain.
“Greg!” He’s close to yelling now.
“He didn’t tell you? One thing you need to know about Dr. Watson. Once he takes you under his wing, you’re never going to escape. He’s got three departments trying to find you a job at the hospital.”
The guilt about the letters gnawed at John as he considered the request. He didn’t doubt that Sherlock was in pain, but the risks of overmedicating were too large. Sherlock had to be functional for them to have a chance at survival. If he had to endure some discomfort, then so be it.
Scanning the sheet, Sherlock carelessly says, “Yes, Sir... This list only has English classes on it.”
decide it’s right for you, I’d like to invite a few friends to be part of our little celebration. Annie for one. And Irene and Kate. Maybe Gary and Billy could get away. Think about that too. You can always say no, of course.”
“Do you know how to drive a stick?”
I intend to clear your slate tonight. Right now, as a matter of fact, so tomorrow will be too late. And now you’re at eight.”
After catching his breath, Wiggy says, “I need a smoke, man. Can I smoke in here?”
He doesn’t have to think. He feels it. He felt it when he signed the contract, put himself in the man’s hands, over his lap. And he repeats the words he spoke to Mr. Greenfield with an easier heart: “I do.”
“I think it was your nose that threw me. It seems different than I remember.”
********
John reached out and traced a finger from Sherlock’s stomach down to the lace and further still to Sherlock’s soft penis outlined beneath it. It twitched at John’s touch. He looked again into Sherlock’s eyes. In the small part of John’s brain that was still functioning properly, he realised that he was going to have to adjust his plans for the day. He was going to have to have Sherlock very soon, or he was simply going to come in his pants.
Honestly, it’s not as bad as he was fearing. He likes the sound of “care for and protect.” He’s already felt that, even while his ass was on fire. He figures that’s where that safe feeling comes from: being cared for. “Discipline.” Weird word. Isn’t that the same as punishment? Why is it in there twice?  He stumbles over a few phrases, like “any sexual behavior.” Maybe he should ask for some clarification on that. “Serve?” What’s included in that? They’ve talked about most of this already and he can quit anytime he wants right? What does he have to lose?
I’d like to take you and your father out to celebrate afterwards. Have you ever been to Lindey's?”
Embarrassed, and still not looking at Wiggy, “It wasn’t on purpose. I just hadn’t used in a while and...it was an accident.”
Sherlock rolls his head against John’s shoulder and snuggles closer against him. “Yes, Sir. But I think I could fall asleep right here.”
“I, um, well, Lestrade made me come,” said Stan, uncomfortably. He has informed me that I need to apologise to John.
Try it on, see how it feels.”
“It feels good, Sir.” And it does. It’s just a strip of leather, but it feels comforting, like an embrace. It means that John cares for him and that he doesn’t have to worry about anything while he’s wearing it. It doesn’t diminish him, submitting to John, and this is the paradox. It gives him confidence because John has chosen him. Submission has become a respite from his fucked-up life. A haven. He closes his eyes as John’s hands caress his neck and shoulders, hands that are tender now but that wielded the paddle last night with no mercy. Kneeling on the floor with the collar around his neck, Sherlock understands that he needs and desires both: the yin and the yang, the duality of pleasure and pain.
“Yes, I was.” John shifted uncomfortably. It seemed like they might be talking about sex now and not steak.
“Oh, hi.” He hasn't the faintest idea who she is.
He wakes up three hours later to the vibration of his phone. A text. He picks it up, and his pulse quickens when he sees that it’s from John
John chuckles, “I love watching you come undone, sweet boy. Roll over for me. On your back.” He arranges some pillows at his hips and Sherlock rolls onto them, wincing as his tender skin brushes the cloth, but not really caring as his brain is preoccupied with the vibrations spreading through his groin and belly. And when John’s mouth envelops him with soft wet heat, the pain fades completely.
Sherlock nods, and John continues. “Good. We’ll go from there. And if you change your mind, that will be fine too. Now, do you need a ride home?”
“Right.”
John walks Myc to the door, and Sherlock wonders what they talked about. Him undoubtedly. He decides to ask John about it tomorrow. After Myc leaves, John says, “Let’s get some sleep. It’s been a very long day. Rules still apply, though. Leave your dressing gown on the chair.” He takes Sherlock’s hand and pulls him toward the bedroom. They pause outside the door as Sherlock removes his robe and drapes it over the chair.
They shake hands and exchange pleasantries, and then Marie excuses herself to finish the pie she is making, and Ms. Hudson ushers Sherlock to the sitting room.
“Cheeky.”
“John, It’s OK.”
The man pays for the crop.
He rolls to his side and it all comes rushing back.
“Your pulse is very weak. How are you feeling? Can you breathe all right?”
“That was fucking fantastic,” John said. “What are we going to call it?”
“The gardenias,” he said.
John notices and grins, flicking out his tongue suggestively before saying, “Was there anything that caught your eye in the album, Sherlock?”
"Two for Rule five, for forgetting my patch, Sir.”
Sherlock gasps in a lungful of air. “You! You, Sir. Only you.”
Mary knew that he’d been with men before, but she didn’t know how many. Maybe he needed to tell her. Spouses shouldn’t have secrets. Perhaps he should tell her and let the chips fall where they may. It might give her a reason to call off the wedding. Then he wouldn’t have to decide. It would be decided for him. She could be the bad guy instead of him…
John quirks an eyebrow at him. “No apology necessary. You were an asshole. How’s your nose?”
All he can do is listen while the coiling tension collects in the pit of his stomach. He makes the mistake of opening his eyes and looking out into the theater. He sucks in a mouthful of air and freezes, realizing he can see directly into the box across from them and, all it would take is the turn of someone’s head, and they would be caught. John pauses, waiting for Sherlock’s consent to continue.
Jim’s grin widens and, a little more loudly than necessary, says, “Dr. Watson! Isn’t it weird to see people out of their usual environment? And with your boyfriend too? It’s so cool that you’re comfortable with your relationship like that.”
He looks at the clock. Six forty-five. Dad’s still not home.
“Honoured guests. As you have probably guessed, there has been a change to the flight plans. Sorry, but you won’t be landing in Beantown. Yes, you are now hostages. But think of it this way; your heretofore boring little lives have been transformed and you are at the centre of international intrigue! It could be exciting! But make no mistake, I don’t have a conscience. It’s nothing personal; I’m sure you are all lovely people. But I will kill you as quickly as I’d squash a fly unless you do exactly as I say.
“It’s wonderful, Sherlock, you should come.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John grins and crosses the room to stand before Sherlock with his arms crossed. “It’s a kilt. I told you people go all out today.”
Instinctively, he moves away from John.
He looks at her blankly.
“Graduation is important! Now you are moving on in your life and becoming a man. A special suit is in order. Come here; let me look.”
He wants to thrust. The base, primitive part of his brain is screaming it, and John’s ass is so tight, gripping him like a velvet fist. “Ahhh!”
********
“What’s underneath?” responds the onlooker.
“Hey, dude, guess what?”
“What would you like to do now? We can do anything you want.”
Finally, he looked to his left, curious to see his new seat companion. The business class seats had a semicircular privacy partition at head level so that he couldn’t see the window seat's occupant. Glancing below the partition, he saw a black leather biker style jacket with silver hardware, a hand with long white fingers with an ornate silver ring and manicured nails, neat black jeans, and black combat-style boots that had been polished to a shine. It was like the man was going for the popular grunge style—but without the actual grunge. Some rich, posh bloke, no doubt. He was about to lean forward to greet the man but thought the better of it. He might end up being the chatty sort, and John just wanted to read his book and maybe have a kip.
SH:     Yes-I don’t work until one.
“Sherlock! John has told me so much about you,” says the man in a thick accent, shaking Sherlock’s hand. “I hear you have an important life-event coming up, young man, and need something special to wear.”
Mary huffed in exasperation. “For the centrepieces, John! For our wedding. We are getting married in five months, remember?”
Greg stares.
“Let’s take it off then. Stand up.”
John’s no drug rule is easier than he was expecting. He’s never been a daily user, careful not to get hopelessly addicted. He’d seen what it did to Victor, and he doesn’t have a death wish. Plus, he can’t afford it. Drugs for him, particularly heroin, are sometimes an escape from pain, but most of the time he does them because it just fucking feels good. Better than good. Better than anything. Heroin makes him feel like the person he wants to be. It’s a lie of course, but for a few hours at least, it’s nice to believe it. And he doesn’t want to spend his money. Or earn any extra. At least not the way he did before.
Sherlock almost spits it out. “Shit! That’s expensive, Sir!”
“Um, no, I can’t. I need to find Molly; have you seen her?”
“Yeah.”
He dropped them back into the box, and with his elbows on this knees, ran his hands through his hair, thinking. He had promised he’d do anything, hadn’t he?  He picked up the note and re-read it. John’s tone was...commanding. A small smile crept to his lips as tendrils of anticipation began to unfurl in his belly. This...could be fun.
“I’m not gonna let you go down for that, man. It ain't right.”
Cobra column:
As if in explanation, he says, “He’s making me take summer classes.”
“I know. I want to apologize to her too.”
“I know. He called me. I’ve just landed in Columbus, and I’m taking care of it. And him. So you can rest easy and move on with your life. I’ll arrange to have his things picked up as soon as it’s practi—”
. He has violated Rule number six. That was definitely sexual behavior. The evidence is all over his hand. This is bad. The other screw-ups were truly accidental. He’s working on respect, and he didn’t even realize he was touching himself the last time. But this? He could have stopped the fantasy. He just didn’t. He didn’t want to. And now he has a decision to make. Technically, he hasn’t signed the contract yet. He plans to. Does that make him accountable? He feels an awful squirming somewhere around where his conscience probably is and he wipes his hand on the sheets and picks up his phone before he loses his nerve.
“Sorry! I shouldn’t have said that. What I meant was that it’s none of my business what you do with him, but I’m pissed that you talked about my personal stuff!”
“You start at the top, and I’ll start at the bottom. Quickly now.”
“Are you peeing blood?”
Thankfully, their conversation is interrupted when they arrive at the entrance to the cafeteria, which is full of noisy staff and visitors heading for lunch.
With a towel slung around his hips, he goes to the bedroom door and drops it on the chair. He walks in, gnawing on his lip, to see John, in a black silk robe, sitting on the side of the bed, unsmiling.
“I am happy, Sherlock! This job is so awesome, I can’t believe we’re here. I mean, look at us. We aren’t even in college yet, and we’re working in a lab, in a hospital, with lab coats and everything.” She grasps the lapels of her coat and does a little twirl, making her ponytail fly.
“You tried to find me?”
“Sure! Isaac Newton, Stephen Hawking, and Alan Turing went there—and so did you. It’s famous.”
“No. I met her once, at a summer camp in New York, believe it or not. When I was a teenager.”
“Sherlock. I’m so sorry I didn’t write back. There isn’t anything else I can say. It was wrong, and I’m sorry.”
“Mmmm, lovely. You might be sore tomorrow. We’ll have to see if you like it or not.” He turns Sherlock around and cleans him off with a soft touch and Sherlock marvels at the way John's hands have gone from instruments of punishment to comfort in the space of an hour.
Sherlock’s mind is racing. “Yes, Sir.”
He turns to look at Sherlock just in time to see a burly bulk of a man striding purposefully through the doors. George takes a step backward. John turns to see what he’s looking at and holds his hand up to signal to Daniel that things are under control. He nods back and takes up a position to the side of the counter, standing at ease, his hands clasped behind his back.
Her eyes widen. “Oh, that’s—” she hesitates. “Great. Awesome—OK, I gotta ask,
John exhales. “Thank you.” He bends and kisses Sherlock without removing his thumb. “You are my good boy.” The praise sends a shiver through Sherlock’s body, and he smiles a small smile.
“I told you I was sorry. I never got the message. I thought we were done. Out of business. Finito. Didn’t want that burner on me. Security’s been all over the place since last week, and regular police too. I hid it in my tool shed at home; the wife never goes there. Anyway, so Pete’s buyin’ again? Son of a gun, that was a short retirement. But maybe we ought to lie low for a while, y’know, until the kid’s convicted?”
“You have a strong will, and I like that about you. I’m sure it’s what’s helped you survive and thrive as much as you have. I’d far rather be punishing you for disobedience than self-harm. But still, rules were broken, and there are consequences. Now, you will ask me for what you’ve earned.” As he speaks, John drags the crop across Sherlock’s chest and then down his stomach which flinches at the touch. As it trails lower his mind goes temporarily blank.
“Yeeeees, but the opera was the last time…”
“After the accident, my face was pretty messed up,” Sherlock said. “I had to have several surgeries. My nose didn’t look the same after. I quite like it, though.” He reached up and touched it thoughtfully.
Without hesitation, Sherlock responds, “Yes, Sir. Green, Sir.” He trusts John. John loves him and wants the best for him. He deserves this punishment, and he isn’t afraid.
he was enjoying taking care of him and using his medical skills in a way that mattered. Not that the thrush and migraines he encountered in his GP practise didn’t matter. But this seemed different. Maybe because it was personal.
They pull up to a small brick house just outside of downtown. It’s in a fashionable neighborhood, with brick streets lined with restored nineteenth-century homes and quaint shops. Sherlock rings the doorbell, and Ms. Hudson opens the door almost immediately.
John’s grip on his face tightens slightly, and he tilts Sherlock’s chin up to look him in the eye.
John wakes Sherlock by playing with his nipples, still sensitive from yesterday’s attention, rubbing his fingers across the delicate skin. Sherlock, finally pulled from his dream, rolls over, hunching his shoulders to protect them, but John pushes him onto his back and taking one into his mouth, sucks it hard. He scrapes it softly with his teeth and Sherlock moans and puts his hands on John’s head but knows better than to push him off the way he wants to. John smiles up at him as he switches his mouth to the other one but continues the exquisite torture with his thumb. Surreptitiously, Sherlock moves his thighs together, squeezing his cock between them, but John bites his nipple and says, “Rule six. Spread your legs.”
“Whatever you have that can be ready by next Saturday.”
“How did you—”
She furrows her brow slightly, then her eyes widen, and she looks like she’s trying to suppress a giggle.
She grabs his arm. “Sherlock, are you trying to tell me that he hits you? That he ties you up and hurts you?” Her voice is full of alarm and too loud.
“Honeyberries, Lonicera caerulea. They grow only in the Northeastern United States. That narrows down our location. That’s promising, don’t you think?
It’s excruciating, but Sherlock answers, “Because I lied.”
“Seems odd for an Englishman to celebrate his birthday with Fourth of July decorations,” Sherlock observes. “Aren’t you Brits still bitter about losing?”
John brings their foreheads together again.
“Yes, Sir. A little.”
John waits, and when Sherlock opens his eyes, John tilts his head and looks at him patiently. Sherlock blushes and says, “Yes, Sir.”
His growling stomach reminded him of how hungry he still was. He ordered a pizza from a menu he found on the fridge, then headed to the bathroom. He hadn’t showered in four days and was keen to feel human again. A quick check of the medicine cabinet revealed nothing unexpected or alarming, and he found electric clippers under the sink to trim his beard. The hot shower felt exquisite, and he would have stayed under it until the water turned cold, but the pizza would arrive soon.
John furrowed his brow in confusion. I’m glad we met
“Yeah, you do.”
Sherlock figures he does and feels a surge of gratitude for the brotherhood of junkies. “Yeah.” He downs the container of water.
Sherlock rose to his elbows, grimacing in pain as he did.
John thinks.
SH:   So I’m told. :)
to do it.”
“OK. OK. I need you to go to the condo and check on him.”
“Ma’am?”
a cigarette dangling from his lips. He’s tall, like Sherlock, but husky, and his dark hair, graying at the temples, is pulled back in a ponytail. His nose is reddened, veined by alcohol abuse, and his eyes are blue, but sad and dull, not vibrant like his son’s, although perhaps once they had been.  He’s wearing blue pants and a matching shirt with “
“Mind your business, faggot.”
“He’ll think about it,” John says, sliding his hand down from Sherlock’s shoulder and taking his hand. Sherlock raises his eyebrow and gives him a sidelong glance. This is John’s boss. Technically, Sherlock is still a student at OSU, although his last class is next week. He worries that John might be taking a risk by being so open about their relationship. John conveys that everything is fine with a subtle shift of his features that Sherlock can read instantly. It’s not just his keen observation skills that allow him to read John’s meaning. It’s that he knows John’s face, his eyes, his hands, almost like they are his own. The intimacy between them has grown so quickly and it’s a wholly new experience for him. The wonder of it still hasn’t worn off. Maybe it never would. He smiles at Dr. Whitney. “Thank you, but I’m not sure what’s next for me. College, I hope.”
It sounds so childish, and it’s so true that Sherlock can do nothing but nod.
As John’s hands and the rope slide over his skin, his consciousness slips further away, and he has only a kind of blurred awareness of the conversation that John and Annie are having. The feeling of being an object intensifies. Not just an ordinary object, like a lamp or a chair, but something more, like a work of art, worthy of admiration and even desire. His eyelids droop, then close. Every once in a while, John asks him something, and he hums agreement to whatever it is. He turns or tugs when he’s told. The rope tightens around his wrists, then his forearms, and suddenly there’s a hard smack on his bottom, and he hears John clearly this time, “Oy! Wake up! Pay attention.”
“Yeah.”
“And you’re clean?”
big favor?”
John had begun preparations for the birthday “do,” as he called it, the week before, and had Sherlock running all over town buying decorations (flag bunting, red, white, and blue streamers, shiny red, silver, and blue balloons) and grocery shopping. There were some traditional items, he told him, “they’ll all be expecting. I’ve been throwing this party every year since I started the summer teaching, and there are some things on the menu that are non-negotiable. British things.”
“I assumed it was.”
“Not me.”
John continues whispering endearments and praise while stroking Sherlock’s hair. The words are just a low rumble, comforting, like background music, as his mind drifts and his usually racing thoughts seem to move in slow-motion.
“It’s Molly. May I? Please?” They have a rule about phones during dinner, but now, with all that’s going on, John might make an exception. John nods.
“Shut up.”
“At first it’s just Sawyer and Wilson,” but my phone rang and I was discovered. John aims a dark look at Sherlock, who mouths a “sorry.” “but from that point forward it's a three-way conversation.”
John’s fists, still balled on his thighs, relax, but his face remains serious.
Sherlock grins at him and replies, “Merci, garcon.”
She doesn’t waver. “He’s a boy.”
“Oh. Oh….Right,” Sherlock says. “Maybe some water though.”
John pulls Sherlock’s hips back far enough so that just the very tip of his cock brushes the sofa, a tease. And before he can stop himself, he thrusts forward again, craving more contact. John smacks his ass, hard.
Dr. Sawyer looks down at the clipboard she’s carrying.
“You know that I wouldn’t have been upset if you hadn’t been able to read the books. But I was angry with you for lying. You knew that. But here you are, apologizing. Why did you apologize? Why not let it pass, hope that we could just forget about it?”
When he’s recovered a bit, Sherlock reaches up to finger the place where he felt John’s teeth.
The man, unperturbed, cocks his head to one side. “Young man. Just ‘cause I ain’t never seen one of y’all, don’t mean I got any problem with you. Heck, my Uncle Fred was the county sheriff but had a thing for wearing my aunt’s unmentionables. He was my favorite uncle, god rest his soul. I don’t judge. Love is love, as my granddaughter says.” He turns his head and spits into the can before continuing. “And I reckon your money is just as good as anyone’s. That’ll be fourteen dollars, by the way. I’ll throw in the honey for free, ‘cause of the misunderstandin’.”
John laughs, and it relieves some of the tension. “Taking full advantage of the suspension of our roles, I see. Fair enough.” He reaches across the table, picks up the discarded chip, and places it in Sherlock’s mouth.
“No, John, you are singular.”
“Dinner, I’m sorry we didn’t have dinner.”
“Good. How about a beer on Wednesday?”
. He shakes his head and opens his eyes to find them both looking at him.
“That sounds awesome.” He remembers not to say “Yes, Sir.”
“I was—
“You bit me!”
Another grunt.
John doesn’t need to elaborate, Sherlock knows exactly what the message means. He can almost hear John’s voice in his head, low and calm and ominous. “Two strokes, Sherlock.” That makes seventeen. He blows out a breath. He hates disappointing John, but the warmth that spreads in his groin is unmistakable. The thought of his punishment is turning him on.
It’s nine forty and the fireworks are scheduled to go off at nine forty-five. John steps up onto the coffee table, a drink in hand.
“Tell me what I want to hear, gorgeous.”
They hurried along the long corridor made of cement blocks and illuminated every twenty metres or so by dim lights. Finally, they came to a door with a window and an “EXIT” sign. Through the window, they could see a stairway heading up. To their left and right were more corridors.
John is looking at Sherlock, cocking his head this way and that. “Take off your shirt, please.” He twirls his finger, indicating to Sherlock that he should turn around. He does so, but John says, “Slower.”
“No, Sir,” Sherlock says, relieved that he hadn’t succumbed to the temptation. Not because he’s afraid of more strokes, but because he doesn’t want to disappoint John.
“Molly, you there?”
She thinks for a moment, lips pursed and twirling the end of her ponytail with a finger. “I only stayed in the lab for about...another ten minutes, but I didn’t go home right away. I went to the cafeteria to get a coffee and read while I waited for my mom. She picked me up at three to go shopping.”
“I’m here. Now, please. Tell me how you feel.”
“Oh, yes, Sir.”
“Shh. Let go. I’ve got you. You’ve been such a good boy. And I’m going to make you feel so good.” John spreads him wider and then kisses the skin he’s exposed on one side and then the other and finally on the rim where the tension has finally eased. And when the very tip of John’s tongue reaches him, Sherlock startles at the intensity, despite the lightness of the touch. John squeezes and kisses and then uses the flat of his tongue to wash over it again and again and Sherlock wriggles in his bonds. A whine works its way out through his nose from the back of his throat.
“That’s it! And Rule number…?”
“Do you like me looking at you?”
********
“...$5,000 cash or surety, preliminary hearing will be July 12, 10:00 a.m.,” Judge Smallwood says. “Next.” He doesn’t move. A hand grips his arm and pulls him toward the exit, but he doesn’t want to lose sight of John, and he looks back over his shoulder as he is led away and the door closes behind him.
“Th—Thank you,” she sniffled.
“This summer has been different. Life has a way of surprising you, of putting the unexpected in your path that changes all of your best-laid plans. And life has a way of giving you exactly what you need, even if you didn’t know you needed it. This summer I found something here that changed my plans, something I needed, and something that I can’t bear to leave behind. Not for nine months, not even for nine days.
He had silenced it! Frantically, he pulls the phone from the pocket of his coat and declines the call.
“I’m sorry, John.”
Sherlock gives him puppy dog eyes. “Not before the shower?”
“You have somewhere to sleep?”
John takes a strip of black cloth and ties it loosely over Sherlock’s eyes. He can’t see anything, and he waits patiently, wondering what’s going to happen.
He walks right over to him and throws his arms around him for a proper hug. John pulls back and smiles at him like he’s won the Nobel Prize. Then he looks over Sherlock’s shoulder and points. Sherlock turns to see Ms. Hudson making a beeline straight for them with that look on her face, and he briefly wonders if he forgot to turn in an assignment.
“Sherlock!!” She throws her arms around him and gives him a big hug and stands on tiptoe to kiss his cheek.
“Come lie on the sofa for a moment and lift your arms over your head. You did your stretches?” Sherlock nods and winces a bit as John runs his fingers over his ribs. “Which ones are the most tender?” Sherlock points, and John nods. He rubs on more aloe. “Another two days, I expect. Sit up. You’re definitely not ready for the paddle yet, but I have something else in mind for tonight. I want you to use the toilet and take a shower. Be thorough. I’ll meet you in my bedroom.”
“I think it’s about that tall, handsome man.”
“Officer...?” begins Dr. Hunter.
John takes Sherlock’s hand and leads him away. “Irene, get your mind out of the gutter.”
John steps back and looks appraisingly at him. “You look bloody fantastic, Sherlock. It fits you perfectly.”
Sherlock looks up to see his father standing in the doorway to the kitchen.
“Yes, yes, Sir. Slick.”
His dad walks to the refrigerator, takes out another beer, and cracks it open.
Being careful not to step on anything, John made his way into the kitchen. It was clean and mostly tidy, with a small table and two chairs, although one of the chairs held a stack of books and papers. A bottle of bourbon, a coffee maker, and a toaster were the only items on the countertop. Curious, he opened the cupboards. There were bowls, plates, glassware, and cooking utensils. The only food he found was a bag of sugar and seven boxes of Lucky Charms cereal.
John moves onto his side, head propped up by his elbow and turns Sherlock’s head, hand on his cheek, so he can kiss him gently. “Thank you. I enjoyed that very much. I know you didn’t.”
“Yes. He’s not such a rubbish big brother after all. You should thank him, not pummel him.”
He walks back to the counter and slams his hand down, grabbing the book and throwing it against the door of the shop.
“Told you, I’m smart. I don’t never keep
“I guess so, Sir.”
“Up now, time for bed,” John says, pushing him off.
. They grapple and roll. First Wilson on top, then John, then Wilson again.
John growls. “We’ll see who gives out first, little boy.”
“I’ll think about it, John.”
“I don’t know. Too dark.”
John looks at Sherlock, confused, but he waves him off.
Scruffy guy says, “Whoa, slow down dude. You’re gonna choke. There’s water. I’ll get you some.” He holds out his hand for the container and Sherlock passes it to him, noticing vaguely that his hand is trembling.
Sherlock blows out a puff of air and smiles despite himself.
“Sherlock, here is how it is going to go. You are going to make
********
“Freeze! Take your hand off, now!”
“Yes. And defence capabilities would be decimated.”
If he were really honest with himself, John would have to admit that he had taken perverse pleasure in this whole affair. It had been
“His clothes, they matched. Like a uniform. Dark gray pants and shirt, or maybe they were blue. I only remember that they were kinda dirty. And he had a bunch of keys on his belt, and other stuff too, like tools or something. I remember them jangling.” He opens his eyes again. “Sorry, that’s all I got.”
“That’s it, sweet boy. You feel so good, still so tight, even after the plug. Only I get to fuck you, only I get to come in your gorgeous ass, yeah?” He resumes his former pace.
“A little sibling rivalry then?”
“Yes, love. With flying colors. Like I said, I’m proud of you, and you should be proud of yourself. You can try not being so defensive next time, but overall? Well done, you.”
Sherlock is confused. “But can’t we have dinner? Or something? What about the list?” He rushes to his backpack and takes out the envelope, holding it out towards John.
“Once we get into a normal schedule, that spanking will end the hour,” John says. “This first one is an exception. We’ve got too much to do. I’ll expect you in my room tonight at eight sharp. Now let's finish up and get moving. We need to buy you some luggage and stop by Martin’s to pick up the things we ordered.”
“Do that again please, Sir, harder.”
“The official line will be that he’s dead—both him and his daughter.”
“He’s blackmailing you?”
“An innocent young man,” John says, his voice almost trembling. He wants to act, to rip them both to shreds, but stays still and outwardly calm.
“Sweetheart, you have excellent taste. I trust you. Just tell me when and where to show up. Make me a list of things I absolutely must do. A short list, please.”
Sherlock shakes his head and then remembers. “No, Sir.”
“Seven strokes, Sir.” He is finding it harder and harder to breathe, and his voice is shaky.
John taps him on the cheek. “I’m glad you’re enjoying yourself, but I need you to stay with me, all right? We need you to keep track of any numbness or tingling, so stay centered.”
“Will just sounded boring to me. Mycroft and Eurus—now those were interesting names, but I had this dull, ordinary name. As long as I was doing the paperwork, I figured I’d
SH:     Six pack
John thought of the photo on the cover of the magazine, with Sherlock looking so aloof and mysterious. He had said he didn’t get on with people. But right now, he seemed a completely different person. He was showing off certainly, but other than snorting and rolling his eyes when Molly guessed Mrs White in the conservatory with the rope, he was almost charming.
He had rubbed the leather between his fingers. It was the softest he’d ever felt, and he’d felt a lot of leather working at the tack shop. Bringing it to his nose, he’d closed his eyes and inhaled the familiar aroma: the smell of saddles, bridles...and crops. For a split second, he was taken back to that day at Rod’s when John came into the shop and, with his intense blue eyes and confident swagger, upended his world.
“It’s perfect. Beautiful, actually. It won’t look the same on you as it does on this brute, but that’s the beauty of rope. It flows and hugs each body perfectly. The exact same tie will highlight different aspects of different people and even different rope will change the—”
Sherlock repeats, “No, Sir. How did I break that one? By running away?”
Sherlock shrugs. “I feel bad about it. Isn’t that why people apologize?”
********
Without a trace of her sarcasm, she says, “Yes, John. Sherlock gets the camera when we finish.”
Wiggy’s perplexed expression is priceless, and Sherlock rolls his eyes. “We’re just friends, Wig, Jesus.”
“Yes, Sir, it was scary but exciting. Someone could have seen us!”
John looks back at him, then his forehead wrinkles. “What? What is it? What’s wrong? What’s your color?”
“What’s wrong? There’s enough wine, there’s red and white...” Sherlock says, bewildered, as they pass the kitchen and head down the hallway toward Sherlock’s room. Once inside, John closes the door and pivots, pinning Sherlock against it.
“Of course! I think that’s a wonderful idea. With all that’s happened, I’d forgotten about it.”
A slight woman with short gray hair comes out of the kitchen, wiping her hands on a dishtowel.
“Don’t. Don’t you dare.” John shuffles forward and jerks Sherlock up by the hips to eliminate the friction, but keeps pounding away at him. It doesn’t help.
John to kiss him and he leans forward a bit. Instead, John quirks his lip up in a half-smile, cocks his head, and whispers, “You definitely want this,” before letting go of Sherlock’s chin.
“My brother’s getting me one.”
“Dr Watson,” Lestrade called as John opened the door.
“I...I...just got scared.”
John finished his breakfast and gave Sherlock a quick kiss goodbye. Sherlock tried his best to entice John to linger, licking his neck and saying his name in that breathy whisper he knew turned him on, but John was running late and left for work without so much as arse-squeeze, leaving Sherlock disappointed. As soon as John was gone, Sherlock went to the window and watched him walk toward Baker Street Station. Sherlock watched him from the window every day. Watching John’s confident, quick stride down the pavement was part of his morning routine and felt comforting somehow.
made me feel alive; taking care of
“Mmm. Not that I remember.”
“A geek?” Sherlock supplies.
Sherlock grins. “Are you sure you want to be seen with a no-good kid like me?”  At John’s scowl, he corrects himself. “I’m only joking, Sir. I’m a
Sherlock wakes up not feeling well.  After that, the day goes from bad to worse.
“I’m sorry, John. I didn’t mean for it to go the way it did. You and I were friends.”
John froze, aghast. Had Sherlock taken
“You’ll appreciate it even more a bit later,” John says without elaboration, pausing, presumably, to pour out more oil.
“Yes, as a matter of fact. I was hoping we would. I’ve been wanting you all week.” He stares down at him like a cat who’s cornered a mouse. “And you deserve a reward.”
“Oh, come on, it will be fun,” Molly says, squeezing his arm, “I’ll text you my address.”
Sherlock sits, and John takes his hand and kisses him tenderly.
“What do you want from me?”
“Yes, Sir.”
But his fingers have already begun working the button of his shorts and then the zipper. They fall to the ground, and he’s standing there in just his underwear. He hesitates.
But now, maybe it would be OK.
Sherlock had felt like his head was clearing, but now he stares uncomprehendingly.
On Sunday, he finally works up the courage to text Molly. He remembers her face that morning at the lab, stricken and disappointed, clinging to Jim. It surprises him how much he cares what she thinks. It still feels foreign and unsettling, letting himself care. This summer has been so full of surprises. Having friends, being with people who accept him, Molly, Martin, Mrs. H., Irene, Kate and all of John’s friends, even Greg. And John. Of course John, the cause of it all. John who loves him. Where would he be if John hadn’t walked into Rod’s on that May afternoon? Going nowhere fast? Sucking dicks to get high? Rotting in the ground, like Victor?
“Let’s go out on the balcony.”
“Mmm no, I can’t wait that long for you. Seeing all the eyes on you to today and knowing you belong only to me…that you obey only me…I’ve wanted you all day and I’m not waiting any longer.”
He's about to return to the chemistry textbook, open in front of him, when the bell on the door clangs loudly, interrupting his thoughts.
As if reading his mind, John says, “It’s called predicament bondage. Although you’re not technically, physically tied, you are bound by the rules of the game.”
Sherlock’s face is blazing now. “Yes, Sir.”
John had been working long hours, coming home exhausted, without much energy left for Sherlock. A colleague at the surgery had quit, and John was picking up extra shifts. The money came in handy. John’s army pension was modest, and Sherlock’s income from detective work was erratic. If the case was interesting enough, and the client couldn’t pay, Sherlock took the case for the pure fun of it. Fun didn’t pay the rent, however, as John was quick to remind him.
“Yeah, well, Lestrade wouldn’t tell me much about
“Not allowed.”
hard.”
“Um...I didn’t want to do it...at first. I thought it would be humiliating.”
“We learned about that in history class.”
“It ain’t McDonald’s kid,” Wiggy giggles.
No answer.
“Yeah,” Sherlock says as he puts the phone back in his pocket, “Our picture was in some magazine, and here’s the really big news, he was nice to me.”
He strokes the links one last time. “You want the watch? It’s worth a lot. I want the bundle, OK?” Sherlock unclasps the watch and hands it to Pete, who looks at it appreciatively.
“You like the sunflowers?” John said.
“Yes, Sir.” He looks down with a flush rising up his cheeks, and by the time he looks back up, he sees only the tail end of Hudder’s look, the one that sizes up Dr. Watson in a flat second. He’s standing proudly, looking directly at her.
He hasn’t had many sexual experiences. Not really. Never with girls, they don’t interest him. And other than Victor, never with boys either, although it’s boys that turn him on.
“Not at the moment.”
Jim Moriarty levelled a pistol at John’s head.
“But I’m a doctor—,” John protested.
“Two tiramisus and two decafs,” John says in a completely normal voice, and Sherlock marvels at his self-control. He’s grateful that the situation is not reversed; if his own dick were in John’s hand right now, he’s not sure he could string together a coherent sentence. He’s hard now too, and without underwear to constrain it, his erection has room to grow comfortably. As soon as Angelo walks away, his free hand begins to move toward the edge of the table.
“I need my phone!”
“Oh, I enjoyed it immensely," Sherlock grinned. "I love it when Captain John Watson of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers comes out and takes charge.  Maybe next time you'll wear your uniform while you order me around."
“You mean....”
John’s chuckle brings him back to the present. “Yeah, I’m looking forward to it too,” he says. “I had to stare at your bare arse for a half-hour this morning without so much as a wank. Couldn’t help thinking how good it would look with my handprints on it.”
“Louise and Moriarty both had a preauricular sinus. I saw it. A hole in the upper ear, near to where it joins the face. It’s hereditary. Some scientists theorise that it’s a vestigial gill from when land-dwelling creatures emerged from the sea. It might have been a coincidence, but as my brother likes to say, the universe is rarely that lazy. May I have some ice chips, John?”
EMP, and if it could be done cheaply, then every banana republic could hold the rest of the world hostage. It would upset the world order. People would die.”
“What happened?” John asked before he could check himself. And he realised that he was afraid to hear the answer.
“No, actually, I want you naked. You’ll earn your clothes back.”
“I brought you breakfast.”
“Knowing?”
The sun is well on its way toward the horizon and outside Miranova, tens of thousands of people crowd the riverfront, eager for the fireworks. In #1410, most of the guests have arrived, and the condo is buzzing with laughter and a dozen simultaneous conversations. Sherlock and John have just finished setting out the desserts, including the birthday cake, which Sherlock had insisted upon baking himself, painstakingly decorating it to look like the Union Jack, when his phone vibrates in his pocket.
If you are trying to picture Sherlock in the thong, you are not alone. CumberCurlyGirl was too, and it inspired her to create some art.
“Sit-ups, definitely.”
“Ten, Sir.”
“Oh, god, Sherlock.”
He leans his head back against the seat and closes his eyes, but his fingers tap restlessly on his thighs. He feels a little flutter of anticipation in his chest, followed by a warmth that seems to radiate through his bones, and he smiles.
“Yes, Sir.”
John obliged and lay beside Sherlock, kissing him and taking him in hand, stroking and twisting and pulling.
“I told you that those last vestiges of Moriarty’s criminal network have been um…'taken care of’.  Mycroft saw to that. And he got me out of there. And he convinced me to be honest with you about…my feelings.” The last two words seem to stick in Sherlock’s throat before he finally gets them out. And John guesses it is not a phrase that comes easily to him.
“How—"
“But...”
John quickly checked Will’s breathing. It was still severely depressed, but he was alive. Then he snatched the binoculars from the duffel and raced out onto the beach. He still couldn’t see any aircraft, but the sound told him it was close.
“Yes, countries with nuclear capabilities are considered the highest threat. But if there was a way to generate a high-intensity
John takes an envelope out of a drawer and hands it to him. He begins walking him to the door.
“That you wouldn’t.”
had?”
Sherlock lifts his head to catch the scent of almonds and melts under John’s touch. All of the tension from the events of the evening drains away, and he concentrates on the feel of John’s strong hands. Rubbing. Soothing. They slide over his biceps, again and again, then back down over his lower back to his buttocks.
Conversationally, John says, “For a paddling, you’ll bend over the back of the chair and place your hands on the seat. That will present your arse properly for me, and I’ll have room to swing.” Sherlock is feeling a little dizzy, and John reminds him, “Breathe. You can do this. Promise.” John turns the chair and waits patiently while Sherlock coordinates his limbs and walks back. John takes the paddle and places it on the seat and helps bend Sherlock over. Sure enough, his ass is tipped up, but John isn’t satisfied and nudges his feet and hands until the angle is sharper. The skin tightens over Sherlock’s curves and he clenches his muscles, unsure if it’s out of anxiety or the awareness that he is completely exposed.
John hums again and, using one hand to keep stroking Sherlock’s skin, uses the other to put the tip of his finger on the base of the plug and gives it a tiny push. Sherlock jerks forward slightly, then back against the pressure. John grips it and pulls it gently, just enough to see it bulge against Sherlock’s entrance. He sets up a rhythm, pushing and pulling, and twisting. When John rubs his fingers along the silky soft skin on Sherlock’s inner thigh, the back of his hand brushes his balls, and Sherlock moans, “Please, please…” again.
“Oh! I’m…Sorry.” Sherlock looked anything but.
He cracked open a beer and ate the whole pie with gusto. He couldn’t remember anything that had ever tasted so good. He glanced at his watch. It was eight p.m. Fuck. He hadn’t called Mary. It would be one in the morning in London. When he checked the phone that the CIA had given him. There were four missed calls—all from Mary.
Still holding his face between his hands, John kisses him tenderly, and Sherlock feels relief wash over him.
Sherlock feels his climax building, his muscles tensing, and he bucks under John. “I…” He is torn between chasing his climax and never wanting the exquisite friction to end. John decides for him.
The exclamation almost escapes his mouth, but Sherlock bites it back just in time. It would surely add minutes to the already unimaginable thirty. Sherlock has never been still for thirty minutes in his entire life. And not even his dad has ever made him stand in the corner. This is insane.
The gifts have been carefully placed on Sherlock’s desk. He can’t bear to put them back in the box. He wants to look at them. Touch them. He picks up each one in turn and places it neatly back into place before re-reading the notes. Then he does it again.
He also recognizes that he was wrong in thinking that he was alone in the fear, shame, isolation, rejection, you name it, that he has experienced as a gay teenager.  He might have quite a lot to say on the topic, but it was going to have to wait.
letters.”
“I’m waiting,” John says behind him.
MH:    ARE YOU ALL RIGHT? DO YOU NEED HELP?
He puts aside the note and concentrates as he uses the knife again to slit the tape. He opens it up and
At that moment, Molly appeared.
John takes his time stretching the furl of muscle and adding a finger as Sherlock tries to still his squirming. It doesn’t help. “Please, Sir, please, I wanna come.”
He’s not in the first row. His eyes travel quickly over the second row. Nothing. Third row.
“First rule of defense: what you plead and what you did, have nothing to do with each other and to tell you the truth, again, I don’t care, and I don’t particularly want to know. Just sign here where it says 'Not Guilty.' When we get in the courtroom, I’ll do all the talking. Don’t worry, it’ll be a piece of cake. And please, stop with the ‘Sir.’ Call me Godfrey, or just ‘God’ for short.” He laughs, showing brilliant white teeth.
He puts down his pencil and looks up.  As usual, he’s the first one done. He glances over at Molly, who is still working, and she turns her head and smiles, conceding his imminent victory with her usual good nature. He takes his paper to the front of the room and hands it to Ms. Hudson. She accepts it and says, “Can you stay until everyone else is done, Sherlock? I’d like to talk to you.” He nods and walks into the hall to wait.
“What is it you want, then?”
“That’s awesome,” Sherlock says. Out of the corner of his eye he sees John at the door welcoming a woman with hair the color of autumn leaves flowing loosely down her back. He hugs her, and she kisses him on the cheek. Her white dress clings to her ample curves and she’s carrying a duffle bag that appears to be full.
And automatically, Sherlock says, “Yes, Sir,” and blushes an even brighter red. John pinches his cheek, turns and Sherlock hears him saying, “It’s not really that complicated. They just figure they can raise the rent if they…”
“But?”
“I love you, John.”
“Almost, Sir. It’s not due until Tuesday.”
Sherlock sneaks a quick peek around to see if anyone’s near. It’s so dark now that it’s unlikely they’ll be seen from the path but the slatted ceiling of the shelter, meant to diffuse the sun’s rays during the day, lets in stripes of moonlight. One of these stripes falls across John’s face and Sherlock looks into the deep blue eyes as he strokes himself. John’s eyes are locked on his, and his right hand rests on the top of Sherlock’s head. The gaze is intense and the tip of John’s tongue peeks between his lips as he watches him masturbate.
“What’s wrong, Johnny? You can’t fool me. I can hear it in your voice.”
“Why didn’t John say something before?”
John holds him and lets him doze for a little while. He shifts and it works to wake Sherlock up. "Sorry, my shoulder was aching. Old war wound."
“Mr Holmes, hello again,” she said to Mycroft, and then to John. “I’m Dr Adler; I’ve been looking after the younger Mr Holmes.”
Sherlock opens his eyes and stares at the ceiling, blowing out smoke and watching it curl and drift in the light cast by his bedside lamp. He misses Victor, he misses his mom, and he even almost misses Myc. Almost
John keeps on with his scorching narration. “Spread the lube around, but keep your hand open, don’t grab. Make sure you get every spot on the shaft covered. Is it all covered?”
“What’s wrong?” Will said.
Sherlock looks down at his wrist and opens and closes his mouth before he’s able to get the words out. “I’m sorry, I... The watch…” Sherlock stutters miserably. “I sold it to buy the dope.”
John took his hand. “I wanted to do it, Sherlock. I wanted you to have a nice dinner. I wanted
When John raised an eyebrow, Sherlock looked at him, exasperated.
“Like this?” John tightens his fist but otherwise stays still and Sherlock speeds up against his better judgment. It feels so good and he’s getting closer, but he can’t go fast enough to make it happen, and wonders if John knew this all along. Two, three more and his quivering arms collapse. He lands on his elbows and his head hangs down. He rolls over onto his back, breathing heavily from exertion and arousal.
don’t like that guy. There’s something off about him.”
“Now think about us going to dinner tonight. Think about yourself on your knees under the table, your head underneath the kilt, sucking me off while I sip my drink.”
“One stroke of the paddle for disrespect. You’ll be keeping a tally from now on, for your punishment at the end of the week. More than a dozen means the crop.”
He knows what she’s thinking. “No, no, no, it’s not like that. He’s older. Just—OK, he’s a doctor.”
The door to the ambulance closes, and the sirens start up again.
“This one is.”
“In exchange for what?”
Sherlock frowned and fixed John with a glare of disdain. “Recreational? I’ve never done anything recreational in my entire adult life. I need it sometimes. It helps me.”
“You two probably think you’re the bee’s knees,” Jim says, “hot shots in your little high school. But this is the big leagues. Everyone here is smart, and you are starting at the bottom, so you’d better get used to it.”
“You’ve been looking at that page for at least six minutes. You must be a terribly slow reader.”
Sherlock's thought about real people on stage was me at my first Broadway show, Grease.
“I’m clean, OK?”
John plops down next to him and throws his arm around his shoulder. “Ahead of time, just the way I like it. Now we get to relax and enjoy ourselves. Let’s see, what can we do with an hour?” He twirls an imaginary mustache.
Finally, the implications of the junkie’s words penetrate the fog that Sherlock feels like he’s lost in and he gets angry.
“You son of a bitch. You ruined my life!” After a second, he drops the bat on the floor and says, “But I’ll be damned if I go to prison cuz of you.”
The pause is so long that John nudges him. “What? What is it?”
John releases him but finds his hand and takes it firmly in his own. It grounds Sherlock. He squeezes, to make sure, and John squeezes back. Confirmed. This is really happening. It’s so much more than the gesture itself. It means everything. It means that John isn’t here to say goodbye.
Sherlock turns and hides his face in John’s chest. John wraps his arms around him, pulling him closer. He kisses his forehead and says, “First things first. Your hands.”
“I’m going to touch these. I’ll be gentle.” Gloved fingers slide over the backs of his thighs, and trace what he knows are the deep purple stripes there along with fading bruises. He flinches. Those marks belong to John, and only he should get to touch them. This thought brings a wave of despair.
“Oh,” John exclaimed, surprised. He expected the man to wake and right himself, but he remained still.
********
“Hey! Can we get the lights out in here? Say in two minutes?”
“Some things never change,” John mutters with disgust. “I was wondering where they were.”
“That’s not the worst, though. He and the person on the other end of the line were apparently planning to hack into the physics department computer system to get the answers to the exams for the fall semester.”
Breathless, Sherlock huffs, “Please, please, Sir.” John leans in, grabs his shoulders and gives him a kiss, a mashing together of lips and teeth, but Sherlock stays frozen, afraid that any movement will set him off like nitroglycerine. John picks up the lube, squirts a healthy dollop into his own palm, and takes possession of Sherlock’s flushed cock. He pumps, fast and firm.
Eventually, he removes his hand from his mouth, but it remains open as he breathes heavily, heart still pounding.
? And anyway, he can’t help it.
“Tell me about your grades and this scholarship.”
sides of the fight, who cared only about power. Such men were usually predictable, but this one seemed different. There was something amiss behind those dark, soulless eyes.
until there are,’ John says. “And we have been in a sort of honeymoon phase, haven’t we? Let’s think about it some more, but it might be something to try out at the very least. Look at it this way. You’d have a guaranteed spanking every week. Maybe that will take some of the edge off for you, my little pain junkie.”
Sherlock looks away quickly, biting his lip. Yesterday, in the shop, John had held his hand palm up to write his phone number. Had he seen the bruises? Before he can think of an answer, a waiter brings the salads, appetizers and two small plates. Sherlock stares. He’s never been to this restaurant. He’s not been to many restaurants besides McDonald’s or maybe Applebee’s on his birthday. He’s never had eggplant before; never even heard of arugula. What the fuck was arugula anyway? His diet consists of fast food, Hamburger Helper, and free school lunches. No breakfast. He’s in way over his head. On the other hand, what the hell? He may never see this man again, and this is what he’s been hoping for isn’t it? Something bigger, something different from the crippling boredom and fear of the future? He takes a deep breath. Now or never.
Sherlock turns back to Pete and perks up, his craving to smoke forgotten. “Describe him, the courier.”
persuasive. Nobody at the hospital knew about my...situation, except John and Molly. At least that’s what I thought…” He aims a frown in Molly’s direction. Wiggy follows the look and nods to himself as he realizes what happened.
“Mr Holmes, your brother and I agreed—"
“I’m not sure he’d call me a friend.”
“Good?” Sherlock asked.
When Sherlock leans forward to kiss him, his cock rubs against John’s, and he groans. It feels so good that he can’t help but grind, and John responds by grasping his hips, pulling him down hard, and grinding with him. “Oil,” John hisses, and Sherlock pauses long enough to squirt massage oil over their cocks so that as they move, their penises, trapped between their bodies, slide easily. Sherlock is whimpering with pleasure now, and his hips move faster.
“Um, right. I don’t know you. We
Sherlock looks at the white bread with...turkey? It’s curling up at the edges, but he realizes he’s so hungry, he might even eat it. But it’s the mention of the fruit punch that wakes him up. He is desperately thirsty and tries not to hear John saying, “make sure you drink enough water—no, juice, orange juice.” He grabs the container and swallows it in one gulp.
John turned to make sure that the others were out of view, then placed his hands on either side of the man’s head, pulled him halfway to sitting and twisted quickly. The move required strength and an intimate understanding of the human body, and John possessed both. Baldy’s neck made a satisfying crack as his spine snapped.
“I...um.” Sherlock squirms uncomfortably. He’s a little nervous about what he wants to talk about and maybe ask. “I, um, was wondering how you knew you were…um…”
SH:         Good. You are a badass btw.
Two bags should do it. He hasn’t used in almost a month and doesn’t want to push it. He draws 30 ccs of water into the syringe, then puts the cotton in the cup and empties two bags into it, adds the water and stirs it until it’s completely dissolved. Feeling a thrill of anticipation, he empties a third bag into the cup.
He can hear himself pouting and tries to remind himself,
have honey.” He places the three jars in the basket. “Do you see anything you’d like?”
“But I want you to come too.”
Then Moriarty’s lip curled up in a half-smile. He pulled a walkie talkie from his belt, clicked it on, and said, “Do it.”
Martha Hudson shifted in her seat and looked like she wanted to say something.
Sherlock looks up at him, and John is taken aback at the color of his eyes. They are twin kaleidoscopes. Intelligent. Mesmerizing. And he thinks,
SH:    Yes, Sir.
“How did you know I’m divorced?”
“Turn around and let me have a look.”
“Mr. Holmes?”
He glanced at his watch and realised he’d spent far too much time walking down memory lane, and he’d have to hurry if he were going to make it to Heathrow on time. He slipped the knife into his duffel bag, planning to transfer it to his suitcase before he went through security.
“No,” John says, closing his eyes again.
Sherlock nodded. John racked his brain, trying to remember what plants might have antiseptic properties. He used to know, but it had been so long, and he’d never really thought he’d use the knowledge. Peppermint was all he could think of. But he had no idea what peppermint even looked like.
Sherlock sputters, “Your life-saving techniques are going to break my ribs!”
“Well, I’ll try to keep it down over here. Is there anything else?” John said with as much sarcasm as he could muster while glancing again at the polished boots. What an arrogant, self-centred dick this guy was. Rich people thought they could tell everyone else what to do.
“Don’t tell me they wore you out on your first day!” John says, leaning down, and for a moment Sherlock is afraid that John might kiss him. Holding hands at an opera, with lots of other same-sex couples is one thing, but kissing in a hospital lobby is something else. John doesn’t kiss him though, he just smiles.
John reached out and took it. “I did.”
John pinched the bridge of his nose. His life was falling apart, and he didn’t know how to stop it. More importantly, he wasn’t sure he wanted to stop it. He sighed heavily.
, he thought, but to no avail. They stopped beside him and indicated that they were to occupy the window and middle seats. With a sigh, he rose from his aisle seat to let them in.  This was going to be a long flight indeed. He buckled his seatbelt and picked up his book. He was just about to open it when a flight attendant at the front of the main cabin called for everyone’s attention.
“Wait. Earlier I said I couldn’t wait to get you out of this tuxedo, allow me,” John says, taking Sherlock’s wrists and easing them down to his sides. John finishes untying the bowtie and pulling it from the collar, then he pushes the jacket from his shoulders and places it over the back of the chair. Taking each hand in turn, he kisses the palm, then unbuttons the cuffs. Next, he begins with the buttons at Sherlock’s neck, slowly exposing the creamy flesh underneath with each one and pausing to pull the still-damp shirt from his trousers. He runs his fingers lightly over each pink nipple before moving on. Sherlock stays motionless, allowing himself to be undressed.
Sherlock nods thoughtfully as he chews a mouthful of PB&J. “Makes sense,” he says. “And it’s a two-way street, right?”
John’s strong hands squeeze and massage his cheeks. Under his breath, he mutters, “Still scrawny, not acceptable,” and gives him a pinch. Sherlock yelps, but John immediately soothes the spot and kisses him behind the ear. “I’ll fatten you up. More to squeeze.” He moves his hands, massaging the sides and tops of Sherlock’s legs. Sherlock sighs with contentment, then gasps when John’s fingers slip down between his legs and squeeze his inner thighs. The backs of his hands brush against his penis, which begins to swell immediately.
And humiliating.
John wasn't convinced, and he
happened, not Molly, not Myc, not Vic’s parents, and certainly not his father. The pain and guilt he’s carried with him for the last year rise in his throat, and he pushes them back down, glad that John can’t see his face.
John sucked bruise on Sherlock’s buttock, then bit the tender flesh. There would be marks tomorrow, a reminder of John's claim. Sherlock would admire them in the mirror at every opportunity.
Sherlock flings his arms around John, as the tears that had been welled in his eyes spill over and run down his cheeks.
Sherlock takes a sip and shrugs. “Tastes like wine,” he says before taking another.
“Eyes on me.” John lifts Sherlock’s chin with the flat tip of the crop.
He helped Sherlock to his feet and pulled his arm around his shoulders. “Look, Sherlock. About the letters. I’m so sorry. I was an arse. We need to talk about it. And I promise we will. But let’s find someplace to spend the night first.”
“Yes, and no. This isn’t punishment Sherlock, it’s pleasure. You’ll have your safewords, of course, but I don’t think you’ll need them. Lie down.”
no one else—at the moment, anyway.
you feel like it. Whenever. But, like, not right now. I’m kind of tired, anyway. Next time.”
GL:   I’ll check out the safe deposit box.
“Is he dangerous?”
Paradoxically, the thought stiffens him even more, and he sits up, clutching the sheets in both hands. Not sure what to do, he looks down at himself in frustration. He sits there, arguing internally over whether or not John would know, or what he might owe him and realizes that this is what John has been talking about when he uses the word “obedience.” And Sherlock agreed! He said he wanted it, that he was still on board. He thinks hard and digs deep to see if that’s still true. What is he willing to give up to keep this…
“You know what this is?” John says.
They talk for a while, comparing notes on their grades and Sherlock says, “Do you want to go get a soda or something? Celebrate?”
“Hello, John.” Her voice sounded tired and ragged. Like she’d been crying.
“He’s got a cracked rib, a bruised kidney, and some superficial wounds, as well as a nasty infection in his fingers. He’s in some pain, but I’m reluctant to prescribe opiates, even though he’s been very charmingly trying to convince me otherwise. She smiled at Sherlock again, and this time he scowled.
“Can’t move my legs anymore.”
“I apologise,” Sherlock said after a moment. “I’m quite embarrassed by what just happened, and I appreciate that you went beyond the call of duty for a seatmate.”
The smell of salt air intensified, and soon they heard the unmistakable sound of surf. They followed it, and before long, they stepped out of the trees and onto a rocky beach about twenty metres wide. Waves lapped at the shore, and seagulls flew overhead and strutted on the pebbles. John retrieved Anderson’s binoculars from the duffel bag and looked up and down the beach in both directions and then across the water. There was no sign of any human presence.
“What tests?”
The deputy gives him a withering look and shakes his head.
“Come for me, Sherlock. Be my good boy and come.”
Sherlock laughs, then stops suddenly, the plug making itself known once again. “Pleeeeeeeease take it out now.”
Just when he thinks he can’t take any more, John stops and flips Sherlock to his back. “Don’t do that again,” he orders. Sherlock looks at him, bewildered. “I want to hear what I do to you. I want to hear the noises you make, do you understand?” John says.
“It’s gone. I turned it over to the CIA.”
“Yes, Sir.” Sherlock regains his focus and rises to his knees to let John turn over beneath him. As he’s squirting more oil onto his hands, he looks down at John’s ass and does a double-take. A black disc is visible between his buttocks.
“Don’t mention it. They were annoying me.”
John is quiet for a moment then asks, “Lots of germs floating around in hospitals. Are you well enough to go to class?”
Sherlock shook his head in disgust. “Never assume. It could have been a friend just as easily as a foe. Perhaps the authorities are looking for us.”
“He said you’re through with it. You’re through with it, right? Because if you’re not, even if it doesn’t kill you, he will. He doesn’t fool around, kid.”
They head to the hospital cafeteria and John loads Sherlock’s tray up with eggs, bacon, toast and a muffin.
Sherlock puts his elbows on the table and rubs his temples.
Sherlock stands in the hallway, debating with himself. He selfishly wants to wake John up, yet doesn’t want to deny him the luxury of sleeping in on his birthday. He wants to make this day perfect. John has given him everything, and what does Sherlock have to offer in return? His body? His submission? His love? Is it enough? It doesn’t seem like nearly enough. Not at all.
Sherlock clears his throat and asks the question that has been percolating in his brain since he moved in. “I’ve been thinking. About where I’m going to go when the summer ends. I can’t get in anywhere for fall semester and I don’t want to go back to my Dad’s. I could start looking, maybe try to get my own place, but I don’t have any money.”
“Good boy.”
“Yes, Sir.”
Wiggy looks at him disapprovingly. “I told you, kid, I know everybody. Some kid OD'd there a couple of weeks ago, and whoever he was, he was connected big-time, cuz—” He cuts off suddenly, and his mouth drops open. He looks at Sherlock, who looks away nervously.
Sherlock removes his sticky boxers and uses them to wipe the semen from his stomach. He puts on a fresh pair and brushes his teeth. He doesn’t feel like reading now. He really should but...literature is just so
“Yo, brother. Hey. Wake up. Wake up, bro. You all right? What do you need? What are you on? They’ve got to let you see the doc if you got a bad batch or something.”
John clenches his teeth. “First rule. No more tearing yourself down. If I hear you or even think you’re bashing yourself, you’ll have earned a punishment. You are not a loser. And if you stick around, I’ll prove it to you.”
And John accepted it without hesitation. He leaned in and pressed his lips to Will's mouth. He tasted of tobacco and whiskey and…
"I know," Sherlock replied.
is all he has time to think before John is peppering him and he’s struggling to keep from trying to escape by wriggling
John is still laughing. “Don’t worry. It won’t go to waste. He licks it up from Sherlock’s hand. He makes sure to get every last bit of salt with his tongue, swiping Sherlock’s palm a little longer than absolutely necessary. Sherlock shifts, his morning erection not entirely gone.
His eyes on Daniel, George continues. “...and I’m sober, three weeks now. I’m gonna get my red one next week.”  He stands up straight and looks Sherlock in the eye. “And one of the steps, um, Step Eight, is to make a list. Of all the people you’ve hurt.” He looks away and slumps again. “And, Sherlock. You are at the top of that list. You—” He stops to clear his throat.
Sherlock is out of sight when John runs out of the building with Myc on his heels.
Sherlock I saw the two of you flirting. I saw him touch you.”
John gave one more hard thrust and spilt deep inside Sherlock.  They collapsed to the bed together, John on top of Sherlock, breathless. The friction of the mattress against his aching cock almost sent Sherlock over the edge.
“I like the way I feel when I’m with him. I like
“Worth it though, yeah?” John chuckles.
“Yes. It was lovely.”
“Sir, please, can we go home now?”
“You know that I do.”
To his horror, a strangled sob escapes his throat, and he immediately ends the call.
Sherlock smiled a sad smile. “I know you’re not an idiot, Johnny. I did it to protect you.”
John gestured for them to move into the hallway. He removed the gun from his waistband and checked the magazine. It was full, but there was no sense in wasting ammunition they might need later.
“Sherlock?” The voice was familiar, soothing, steady.
prel·ude:  /ˈprelˌ(y)o͞od,ˈprāˌl(y)o͞od/an introductory piece of music
“Yeah, OK.”
There is a softness against his skin, velvety but still slightly irritating to his raw flesh. John has covered him with a blanket. The mattress shifts and John is beside him under the covers, rubbing his back again, lips pressed to his forehead, gentle and undemanding.
John confirms. “This is the bedroom and this chair is for your clothes. From now on, you’re to take them off before you enter. I’ll wait for you inside.” John closes the door behind him. Sherlock is frozen in place for a moment, then looks behind him, checking to see whether he’s standing in full view of the window, the way he thinks he is. His cock tingles. He is. He tells himself that no one could possibly see in. They’re fourteen floors up. It doesn’t keep him from worrying that he’s about to flash his ass at half of Ohio.
“No, we only texted.”
“Don’t keep him too long, John, we want him back,” Kate says.
“Oh, that’s awesome, kid. I’m really, really psyched for you. Not just cuz it got me out, but you deserve it. So he knows you didn’t do it. There’s no way you did it, man. You’re way too smart to pull some bogus shit like that. It just doesn’t make sense. I’m gonna figure it out, too. It’s fucked up that somebody tried to pin that shit on you. I’ll tell you one thing, that’s something I’d never do. I own up to my mistakes, then I try not to make the same ones. I pretty much know everybody who’s dealing around campus and the hospital and nobody likes it when somebody gets caught, especially high profile. Pete is really pissed. The cops are crawling up his ass. He had to shut down his whole operation.”
“No fucking way, Sherlock. And stay out of the bathroom. Too risky for me. I’ve got a business to run,” Pete says as he pockets the watch and cash. “I’ll be right back with your shit. Hey Tina, watch the bar for a minute,” he calls to the blonde waitress wiping down tables near the back of the room.
“I mean because I don’t like girls…that way.”
With excruciating slowness, John made his way over Sherlock’s body, mindful of his many injuries. He nuzzled. He licked. He blew on the wet skin. He dipped his tongue in Sherlock's navel. He kissed eight fingers and ten toes. He touched. With his fingers, tongue and lips, he touched everywhere he could reach on Sherlock’s body except the place he knew his lover wanted it most. Sherlock’s cock lay flushed and hard over his lean belly, but John left it for last.
“No, it feels great.”
SH:     I read the contract.
a time-out until a renegotiation takes place. “It puts us on equal footing. During that time, I’m not the Dom, and you’re not the sub. We’re just two people, like any other couple, working on our relationship.”
Friday is Sherlock’s last day at Rod’s. It’s bittersweet. He’s worked there for just over a year, and the money had given him the means to indulge his bad habits, but also to buy food when things were bad at home. And it’s where he met John. As he’s leaving for the last time, Rod shakes his hand.
John and Myc are waiting in the hallway outside of the curtained room in the ER where Sherlock has been taken, speaking in hushed tones.
“Thank you,” he said curtly. “I couldn’t think with all of your yakking. I recommend that you listen to Jo—That man. He’s a soldier. If you have any chance of getting out of here alive, it’s with him—even though he’s an idiot.”
But Sherlock, after giving John a wounded look that sends a stab of pain through his heart, has already fled down the hallway.
“He’s new,” Lestrade said, understanding Sherlock’s look.
“Christ.”
Then he reads the note:
John gets to his feet, and Sherlock immediately presses his lips to the bulge in John’s shorts while undoing the button and working the zipper down. The shorts fall to the floor and then the boxers. John’s cock is rock hard and so tempting that Sherlock wastes no time in admiration, but opens his mouth and takes it in. His hands cup John’s ass as his smooth hot erection slides over his tongue again and again, and John’s hands are back in his hair, tugging and pulling almost painfully.
“Add two. How many does that make?” John asks, still looking out of the window.
for that lovely interlude...It
“Christ, Sherlock,” John chuckles, then starts to make his way from Sherlock’s neck to his mouth. “Maybe tonight then. But right now, that bacon is calling me.”
Sherlock brings the books with him on the bus and gets to the test with fifteen minutes to spare. He’d almost finished both books and even had time to look over the SparkNotes sample questions.
One night, during summer vacation, when Sherlock was sixteen, they “camped out” in Victor’s backyard. They had a small tent, blankets, some weed, and a six-pack of Budweiser. Sherlock played his guitar, while Victor lay on his back in the grass outside the tent, looking at the stars. They talked about what they wanted to do after high school. Sherlock wasn’t sure he’d have the grades for a full-ride scholarship like Myc and there was no way he could afford college without one. Myc's new job in D.C. seemed exciting, but it was government work and didn't pay much, and Sherlock hated the thought of asking for money. Victor had been thinking about going into the military, though he knew he’d have to get clean from the heroin they had both started to dabble in if he was going to do that. They drank the beer and passed a joint between them until they were both pleasantly buzzed.
“I like my hair,” Sherlock pouts.
“Oh, Sherlock, Oh, yes. God. Your mouth. Your mouth,” John breathes, as Sherlock continues to suck and stroke. Finally, he rests his hands on John’s hips and relaxes his throat, a skill he learned in back rooms and dark alleys, and lets John fuck his mouth as deeply as he can.
Once inside the door, John slammed Sherlock against the wall.
********
“What?”
“Yeah it is pretty great, but I get the feeling Jim’s not going to let us do anything interesting. He seems like kind of a control freak, and I don’t think he likes me. He likes
“Hmpf,” Dr. Whitney snorts, looking amused. “Very well, John.” She then turns her attention to Sherlock. “Young man. You are practically a celebrity on the medical campus. We owe you and John a debt of gratitude for exposing Dr. Sawyer. You were simply brilliant!”
Sherlock smiles and says, “It’s your birthday, Sir. You choose.”
He glances up at a raised eyebrow.
Molly looks at the floor,  her agony evident from her expression. “He seemed so smart. And he was so nice to me. But I guess I didn’t know him at all.”
He remembers what his dad told him about dealing with the police. “Keep your mouth shut. They have all the power. They can fuck you up and there’s not a damn thing you can do about it.” He almost smiles.
The next stop is Molly’s house, and she is on the front steps waiting for him as they pull into the driveway. She runs to the car and throws her arms around him when he steps out.
Around a huge bite of banana, Sherlock asks, “Who’s Annie?”
It does sound wonderful. Another thing to look forward to. Is this what life with John will be like? An endless stream of new places and new experiences?
Abruptly, her expression softens, and before he can finish the sentence, the breath is nearly knocked out of him as she flings herself against him, arms encircling his waist, and cheek pressed to his chest. “Oh, Sherlock! Oh, my god.”
“It hurts, John,” he whispered.
After a few minutes, John pulls away and stands there, looking down at him, chest heaving. “Oh, you amazing, beautiful thing,” he says. “I want you so much, come here.” John sinks down on the mattress and pulls Sherlock with him. Sherlock scrambles up onto the bed and crawls to lie on top of John, searching for his mouth. John’s arms wrap around him, holding him tightly. Their lips meet, and they kiss and bite and lick, and Sherlock does not want to stop. Wants to kiss John forever. He grinds his hips and feels John’s cock slide against his.
“No,” John said. I don’t.” He glowered at Anderson. “Dead hostages aren’t any use, and if Moriarty wanted us dead, we would be dead. We should keep up our strength. Eat, everyone. Please.”
Sherlock feels John’s finger sliding where his tongue had been, and he pushes back again, wanting that finger inside of him.
There’s tiramisu for dessert, and Sherlock decides it’s his new favorite food. They watch the sunset from the balcony, standing at the railing and watching the sun sink toward the horizon, its last rays sparkling on the river below. Soon, the night sky is illuminated only by the thousands of city lights, and it is spectacular. They are holding hands, and it's
“Sorry! Sorry!” Myc says, holding up his hands. But really. Don’t.”
“Never heard of ‘em. Are you sure they’re food?” Sherlock says as they work side by side in the kitchen on the eve of the party, John, with an apron covering his work clothes and Sherlock wearing only shorts and the collar.
Eventually, Sherlock slept too.
“And a hot tub!” Gary interjects.
“That could work. You are a teenager.” John looks off, and almost to himself, says, “We may have to collect some data on your stroke averages under different conditions. Maybe see if we can get corresponding heart rates. Might be a case study journal article in there somewhere.” His attention returns to Sherlock. “Remember to add two strokes to the tally for slacking on your workouts. Five so far today. You’d best tread carefully. So the deal is this: if you think you can come before your arms give out, I’ll permit it. Otherwise, you may be a bit indisposed for the early part of the party. And your shower will be cold. Ready when you are.”
Suddenly his phone blares Aretha Franklin’s “Nessun Dorma,” the ringtone Sherlock had selected for himself and installed on John’s phone, and it echoes in the cavernous boiler room.
“He’s in cardiac arrest,” John said. “Do you have defibrillators?”
The whiteboard had been taken down and tucked out of sight between baking sheets in the cabinet. He doesn’t need anyone asking questions about the fifteen tally marks.
John settled back down beside him, pulling the blanket around their shoulders, cursing himself and confused. That kiss had felt righter than anything in his life had felt for a long time. But he didn’t have the luxury of analyzing his feelings right now. He had one priority and one priority only, to get them out of this alive.
He looked at her. “I’m sorry.”
“I don’t know,” admits Sherlock. “Nervous. No, not nervous exactly. More like excited. It feels like Christmas. Or at least what Christmas used to feel like when I was a little kid.”
Sherlock reaches into his back pocket, retrieves it, and hands it to John. He watches nervously while John scans it, then places it on the coffee table.
would have been different. I wouldn’t have—”
“I’m looking forward to it.”
Agent Donovan scribbled this bit of information down.
Grinning devilishly, Sherlock says, “I can’t remember.”
“I’m not going to discuss our relationship except to tell you that he’s in no danger and that I also care about him. More than I intended to actually.”
“Well, I’ve missed my conference and my flight back. I haven’t really thought about it. And first, I need to check on Sherlock.”
“Did I or did I not?” The temperature of his voice has dropped a few degrees, and Sherlock sits up and says, “Yes, Sir. You did.”
“What is it, sweet boy?”
“Hello, Sir.”
Slowly, he pushes forward. It doesn’t go in. Gripping himself, he pushes harder, and John helps by shifting back. His foreskin slides down as the head of his cock enters John’s body, and he gasps. So does John. It takes every bit of his self-control not to pull John’s hips back and impale him.
They spoke no more.
“Are you sure you’re all right?” John asks again from the kitchen.
“But I’m—”
“No, nothing happened. It’s just…I’m not sure how I feel about everyone seeing that.” He glances over at John who is listening with interest to his side of the conversation.
“P... please, Sir.”
“Mmm. It’s a surprise. I think you’ll like it.” John is kissing his neck and Sherlock slides down until their erections align. “You need to come, don’t you?” John whispers, his breath hot in Sherlock’s ear.
“No.”
“What’s your color, love?”
Sherlock takes in a breath and considers it. In the past five weeks, he’s undergone such a metamorphosis. Not so long ago he’d stood on the sidewalk outside his school being taunted by Seb and his friends and feeling humiliated. Now he’s considering wearing a rainbow T-shirt and going to a Gay Pride parade with his boyfriend. The prospect is both frightening and exhilarating. There would be no hiding it or denying it now. Not that he wants to. He’s not ashamed anymore. Now that those people, including his dad, are out of his life, the negative feelings have gone with them. He certainly isn’t willing to share the details of his relationship with John with anyone yet, maybe never will, but the weight he has carried for years feels so much lighter now.
“Of sorts. At least it’s an excuse for me to feed you in bed and give you a gift.”
“Mr. Holmes, that’s enough,” John says, very quietly, taking a step forward to place himself between Sherlock and his father.
“No.”
“You can relax for a bit and recover, but then you’ll get to work.”
John combs his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, and he closes his eyes and sighs as John begins to massage his scalp.
Sherlock hears the lube bottle open again, and the hand that had been caressing his balls a moment before is now sliding behind them. When he feels the pad of John’s finger gently circling his hole, Sherlock tenses.
. He pulls John’s arm a little tighter around him. Finally, his eyes close, and darkness glides in, like mist over water, and he lets it take him.
And then it’s over. “Ahhhgh fuuuuck! Ten. Thank you, Sir.” His entire posterior is burning and throbbing and his chest heaving. Sweat trickles into his eyes, burning them, but can’t wipe it away, so he squints. Chemicals released by his brain to cope with the pain are coursing through his veins and inducing the bliss that has become so familiar. He craves it now. Ten strokes don’t seem like that many. He could have endured more, and the realization makes him smile with pride.
Sherlock nodded.
up tomorrow," John points to the ejaculate dripping down the glass where they had just stood.
John gives him a lopsided smile and pulls Sherlock’s harness so the elastic snaps against his back.
“John,” Sherlock said, as lightly as he could manage. “He’s a young detective and we--both of us, are his heroes--thanks to your blog. He’s just overly enthusiastic, and I think you are imagining things. Are you jealous, John?”
“Yeah. ‘Course. We had a blast.”
Three, four, and five come with very little time in between, moving lower and lower, overlapping each other, and intensifying the heat. Sherlock feels his eyes fill and then overflow with tears, and his responses are swift but almost breathless. John has to remind him, “Breathe, Sherlock. Deep breaths. Almost finished now.”
“She’s right,” John said as he took the marker and scribbled:
. It was so different from kissing a girl. Girls were all softness and curves and perfume. As he pressed against Will, he felt angles and bones and muscles, and it was an incredible turn-on.
“I’m...really glad you called. I was a little afraid that…”
Sherlock bucks back, up against John’s hand. “Please, please, fuck me, Sir, please.”
MH:     It’s looking good. Anything could change last minute, though.
John ticks off the options on his fingers. “He doesn’t need to be here medically, he’s not going home, he can’t be alone, and if I’m not mistaken, he won’t go with you,”
. His nose was the only thing ordinary about him, strong and retroussé but otherwise unremarkable. Will’s had been more roman.
Sherlock hums in appreciation. He feels his cock harden against his belly as John continues to massage him. Then John shifts and covers Sherlock with his body, his mouth at Sherlock’s ear.
“Then what we had was real for you?” Sherlock whispered. “You cared for me?”
On the front of the pamphlet was a colourful photo of the Boston skyline and the words, “Internal Medicine Update for Primary Care.”
Sherlock leans forward and presses his lips to the smooth leather, inhaling the smell of it. It reminds him of the crop.
They stay there on the sofa, kissing and talking and sometimes just holding each other, for a long time. Until there is no more light coming through the cracks in the blinds. Finally, they get up and, after scarfing leftovers at the breakfast bar, Sherlock dutifully records the two strokes he’s earned on the whiteboard, then looks at John questioningly.
“Yes, Sir.”
“Hmm. Not in my plans. But I’m’ flattered.”
“But Moriarty…?”
Sherlock obeys and feels something dribble onto his tongue. Honey. He tips his head back as the sweet substance drips into his mouth. Suddenly, John’s mouth is on his, and he’s kissing him, licking the honey from his tongue. He pulls away, and Sherlock tries to chase him, but John grips his chin and tilts his head back to let more honey drizzle onto his lips and into his mouth. John follows it with his own tongue, and every bit of honey is consumed. Without sight, Sherlock’s other senses are heightened, and the feel of John’s lips, the sweetness of the honey, and the steady beat of rain against the windows are almost overwhelming, and he’s gasping when John finally removes the blindfold and climbs into bed beside him.
“You’re going to be OK.”
They break apart as the doors to the lobby open, but they are still holding hands. The front desk clerk gives them a nod and a smile, and John waves in response. Sherlock ignores him, anxious to get to the condo so that he can give John the final part of his birthday present. And maybe there will be sex. Or punishment. It doesn’t matter. Anything that John wants will be fine. It’s all fine. Anything.
Sherlock sees the tiny clenching and relaxing of John’s jaw. “First of all, hors d’oeuvres are always served with napkins. If you don’t like something, you spit it into the napkin. Second of all, you’re not going to mess up. Third of all, so what if you mess up? Everyone messes up. It’s the nature of the human condition. It’s OK to be a little nervous when you’re doing something for the first time, but you know, you could also think of it as being excited rather than anxious.” He checks his watch and says, “We should probably start getting ready. I’ll take the plug out after you shower. Before you get dressed.”
“It’s my chest. It hurts a little. OK, a lot. John. I…I…don’t think I’ll be able to—"
John smiles at him and squeezes his hand. He nods at James to signal that things are OK at the moment but holds his hand up as if holding a phone. He mouths, “Daniel,” and they hear the click of the walkie-talkie and distantly, “Roger that.”
Somewhere over the icy waters of the North Atlantic, John woke. The cabin was dim and eerily quiet. He had to pee. He glanced over at Sherlock, who was a still dark form in the low light. He appeared to be sleeping. John checked his watch. Another ninety minutes to Boston. Could he wait? Yawning, he decided he couldn’t and unbuckled his seatbelt.
Sherlock nods. “My brother always says that about coincidence: The universe is rarely that lazy.”
He picks up the package, stares at it for a moment, then rips off the paper to reveal a plain, shallow cardboard box. He opens it and looks inside. It’s a book and a magnifying glass. The book is
********
The man shrugged. “Whatever. Now come with me.” He gestured at Sherlock.
John brought him Lucky Charms and the newspaper each morning. Sherlock had eaten Lucky Charms for breakfast almost every day for as long as he could remember. It was his routine and, in his view, the only way to start the day properly.
Still dazed and feeling even worse than before, he heads for an unoccupied bench, then lies down facing the wall and closes his eyes.
The city passes by in a blur as he leans his head against the window of the squad car, his wrists, pinned between his back and the seat, hurt, but he doesn’t shift to relieve the ache. It’s raining, and he watches the drops of water collect on the glass, then slide down, over and over.
Sherlock listens with skepticism, some of which shows on his face when George looks up, first at Sherlock, then at John. “So I didn’t want to just show up, but you wouldn’t...I mean I couldn’t reach you to let you know that I had this box,” he points at it, “that I had to give you. I mean, I really had to.” He lifts it from the sofa and tilts it so they can see the top. It’s sealed, and Sherlock sees the words, “January Sixth, 2016, for your fourteenth birthday,” followed by his mother’s signature, written across brown packing tape. Sherlock just stares at it, trying to process the information and make sense of it. He can’t.
“You are getting old, my friend. Any gray hairs yet?” Gary says.
My Head hurts most, then my back. My hand and my ribs are a tie. May I have another Oxy? Maybe two this time.
“You idiot,” John whispers as he kisses the small scar over Sherlock’s kidney. “Of course, I wanted you. How could you not know that?”
“You said you were going to use the riding crop on me and...fuck me, Sir.”
shit in my car.”
“I’m sorry, Sir. I was distracted, just thinking, about so many things.”
“Clear, Sir.”
John's words trigger a rush of pleasure, and all thoughts of Myc vanish.
He smiles at himself and then at John.
“Yes, of course, I’m OK. Why wouldn’t I be?”
He shakes his head. “Seriously. I almost did.” They’re both quiet for a moment. Then Sherlock tells her about Ms. Hudson, her wife, their little brick house. He mentions the parade and is surprised when she expresses interest in going.
“I’m sure, Myc.”
Wiggy takes control of the conversation immediately. “We can fix it. I mean you are out of the trade now, forever, if you want to stay in Columbus, but do the right thing here, and you might get to keep the bar. But we need your help. We need to figure out who framed the kid here, cuz none of this is going anywhere until he’s out of trouble.”
“You’re all I think about these days. It’s very distracting. But let me ask you, what are
John gives him a small smile and cocks his head. “Does that surprise you?”
Sherlock sits up, rubbing his chest. “Yeah, what smells so good?”
John raised his hands and walked backwards, glancing at the woman and giving her a reassuring look as he retreated toward his seat. His head was spinning. Not twenty minutes ago, he had been dozing off, thinking of dinner with the handsome stranger next to him, and now he was being threatened with a gun on a plane full of corpses. His first instinct had been to rush the man. And he had almost done it. He’d be bleeding out on the floor if he’d followed that impulse. Much better to retreat and assess the situation.
“Did you piss any of ‘em off?” Wiggy says. “The custodians?”
SH:  Oh, please. It was never John Hopley OBVIOUSLY! He is much too small and weak. It took real power to impale Carey to the wall with that spear. I knew we were looking for someone much stronger. Cairns is a bodybuilder.
John asks Irene to take a picture of him and Sherlock together and it sets off a round of picture taking in every possible configuration. John is flipping through them as Sherlock looks and says, “We’ll have to send these to Martin. And Myc.”
John starts a running commentary, “Look at you, look how ready you are. So beautiful, so sexy. Perfect, the way you move for me. You’re ripe and luscious, I want to eat you…” The words are pouring over Sherlock, bathing him, filling an emptiness he didn’t know was there. “You’re going to feel so good. No one else gets to see it. No one else gets to make you feel so good, you gorgeous boy. My sweet boy. Let go for me, I want you to come. Come all over yourself, over my hand. Come, Sherlock.”
“She has offered to give me a lesson as a gift,” John continues. “And it would please me to practice on you. Entirely up to you of course. If you wanted to try it, you could use your safeword at any time, as usual. What do you think? Interested?”
He shakes his head.
“Yes, Sir. What should I wear?”
“Shhhhh!” He instantly regrets having gone down this path and rests his elbows on his knees with his head in his hands, fingers rubbing his forehead.
He shivers a little and lets out a puff of breath, wondering what John has in store for him. Whatever it is, it is bound to be better than homework or the dreaded essay. Ms. Hudson had sent back his first draft with so many red lines and comments that the document looked like one of the graded papers that Mr. Anderson used to lay dramatically on his desk while giving him a pitying look and a shake of his head. Sherlock hadn’t cared then, but he does now, he cares a lot, wants to get into college, wants to prove to John and Ms. Hudson, and yes, even to Myc, that he’s not a screwup.
“You’re still learning, so I’ll let it pass. Next time, I’ll consider it disrespect. What time does it start?”
interested in Stan. He liked the flattery; he couldn’t deny this. And Stan
The contents of the drawers were likewise meticulously arranged and neatly folded—even the socks. Sherlock Holmes was a study in contrasts, to say the least.
She was standing just inside the doorway, holding a plate of biscuits and a small book. Her mouth was drawn into an ‘o’ shape, and her eyes were wide. Sherlock’s eyes met hers, and he froze. They stood there for what seemed an eternity, neither speaking, Sherlock’s mind racing to come up with a plausible explanation.
He hadn’t been lying to his father. He and Victor never fucked, but the intimacy of that moment, when Victor’s mouth touched Sherlock’s penis, was as intense as the physical sensation itself. Victor was tentative at first, and Sherlock was gripped with fear that maybe he wasn’t clean enough or that he smelled bad or...something. But Victor gave the head a real kiss, and then a lick, and then lay down and propped himself up on his elbows, and Sherlock had no idea what he was doing anymore. He tried to watch Victor’s movements, but his head felt like it was full of carbon dioxide bubbles swirling and bouncing against the walls of a shaken can of soda. He stopped trying to think and make sense of it and gave himself over to the pure pleasure of being enveloped in Vic’s warm, wet mouth.
He pushes Sherlock to lean on the wall of the dressing room opposite the mirror. He undoes the button and then the zipper and lets the trousers fall to the floor. Sherlock sees his mouth drop open in the mirror. He’s so erect the head of his cock is peeping over the top of the waistband of his boxers.
He holds it out so that it is just inches from Sherlock’s face. “Kiss it.”
“I didn’t think so before and now even less. He’s a good boy. Not bratty in the least.” John cups his cheek again and Sherlock rubs against it. His cock twitches.
Sherlock steadies himself. “Sorry, Sir. What I meant was, I’d like to look at them before anyone else please, Sir.”
A little shudder passes through Sherlock at these words. He wonders how the pleasure he feels in submitting to John can co-exist so seamlessly with the increase in self-confidence he’s experienced in the last month. It doesn’t make sense. He’ll have to think about this, but not tonight. He lays his head on John’s chest and hums.
“Retired? You don’t look old,” the little girl said.
Before John could answer, Mycroft did.
“Yes, Sir.” Sherlock breathes faster, and tingles of anticipation dance in his groin as John pulls him close and kisses him. He slides his arms around John’s shoulders and lets him explore his mouth and nibble along his neck. Then John’s hand is on the front of his shorts. After last night, after having John all over him, being so turned on and not being allowed to come, his dick stirs immediately, and he pushes his hips forward. A low moan escapes his throat.
John took a deep breath and assessed their situation. Despite the glitches, and there were
“Sherlock?”
“And you’re coming to his high school graduation?”
“So where is he anyway? I’m dying to see what he looks like.”
“I’m in Franklin County Jail, Myc. I’m sorry…” The story tumbles out, and Myc has to ask him to slow down several times. He’s ashamed to be crying in front of his big brother, something he hasn’t done since he was little, but he can’t help it. He’s so alone, the misery is overwhelming, and he lets it come. Lets it come as Myc listens.
John is surprised by how far he’s willing to go for this sub. This
“Just happy.”
Sherlock wonders what he looks like underneath, and as he pictures a muscled torso sprinkled with golden curls, he reaches into his boxers.
As they drive in silence towards downtown, the butterflies that have been fluttering in his stomach multiply. There is no turning back now, is there? He checks again that the list is in his back pocket.
“I’ve been in Cleveland all day in surgery. What happened? Arrested? Why was he arrested?”
“Twelve, Sir.”
“Well, then I suppose you deserve a reward, eh?”
After ending the call, John drops his head into his hands, trying to make sense of the situation. The relief of learning that Sherlock is safe slowly yields to disbelief, and then anger, and he slams a fist against the door of the car.
He pauses and looks around the room.
The lock clicked, and the door swung open. The two guards that the hostages had named Beefy and Baldy entered. Baldy’s gun was drawn but pointed at the floor. Beefy carried a blanket.
MH:    Doing it now. CALL ME AFTER 9.
“Yes, Sir.”
“One each day, until you come to your senses,” Moriarty had said while watching his torture with a cigar and a glass of Macallan 1926. Sherlock could see the glowing end of that cigar in his mind’s eye and could remember how it had felt against the skin of his bicep, his chest, and his testicles.
“Oh!” The first hard slap of John’s hand on his tender skin is shocking and he gasps. The muscles that had relaxed under the tender caress go rigid again. The second slap is harder, but John has mercifully chosen a different spot. Pain blooms on Sherlock’s ass and radiates through his thighs and stomach, and when it reaches his cock, it is transformed into something different, something...more like pleasure. Before he can process this, John strikes him again. Sherlock’s mouth is open now, and he hears himself moan. That was three. John hadn’t told him how many to expect. He should have asked. It would have been weirdly comforting to know. Another blow—four. His ass is burning, his dripping erection is thrusting into agonizing emptiness between John’s thighs. Five. His eyes squeeze shut so hard that multi-colored specks dance behind his eyelids. Several seconds pass. Six. John varies the rhythm of his strokes so that Sherlock can’t anticipate them and it sends his mind whirling, trying to grasp onto something. He’s panting now, on the verge of hyperventilating. The pain is growing. Seven. Eight. Nine. He hears the sound of John’s open hand making contact with his body, but in a moment, his perception shifts, and the sound of number ten seems to come from a long way away. Sherlock’s mind quiets, and he stops counting as his body relaxes over John’s lap. He feels almost serene, the pain a new sensation that soothes, rather than agitates.
It was a long time before John began to snore. He usually fell asleep quickly, but not tonight.
Remembering the bathroom, John said. “I know where.” He helped Sherlock to his feet and pulled an arm over his shoulder, supporting the taller man as much as he could.
“How many...people have John asked you to drive for him.”
John gazes at him without speaking, eyes roaming all over his body. He feels so exposed, kneeling there silently, waiting for whatever it is that is coming. The silence continues, and Sherlock is starting to feel awkward. The rug is irritating under his bare knees. He wants to squirm, to ask John to just do whatever it is he’s going to do, but he doesn’t dare.
“Moll, it’s OK. Really. It’s not like you think. You don’t have to worry about me. Has anybody ever made me do anything I don’t want to do?”
JW:  Wear that purple shirt.
"Not tonight, Sherlock. I'm tired."
“I did,” Greg says evenly.
John stepped down from the chair and approached Sherlock.
John seems to have made up his mind and picks up the purple rope. “Let’s get going.”
“You’re not the only one.”
“We want to invite you and Sherlock for a week at our place this winter. It’s really beautiful. Lots of snow, but we have a pond for skating and a big fireplace—”
“Are you a relative?”
Sherlock reaches for the final gift. It’s obviously a book. He can tell by the size and shape. He holds it in his lap and gazes at it for a long time, running his fingers over the gaily striped paper. Once this one is opened, It’s over. No more anticipation, no more notes. None. Nada. Forever. He will have everything he will ever have from her. He never expected to have this much, and now, suddenly, he’s greedy, wishing there were more. Wishing there was a huge pile of boxes that would take forever to open. Or just card after card full of motherly advice and unconditional love.
He moves one hand, and then one knee.
“Look at me, you gorgeous thing, look at me, I wanna come in your arse, but you first, now, I wanna watch you.”
“I didn’t have time to clean all this up,” Sherlock said. You'd best get takeaway for dinner."
“No, not afraid that way. He makes me feel safe. And good. So good. I mean like, even a good person.” He feels a bit of heat on his cheeks. “But he’s only here for the summer.”
“Good. Then I’ll leave you two to do...whatever it is you do. And, judging by the whiteboard on the fridge, it’s going to be painful. I’m catching a plane back to D.C. tonight, and I’ll be out of the country for the next few weeks, but I’ll keep in touch.”
John salutes him with his glass and smiles. “How are you feeling?”
Sherlock nods. “Yes, Sir—if you’d like to. I mean, you’re the reason I took the class—and you paid for it. So I thought you should get to read it. I think it’s pretty good. I mean, Ms. Hudson said it was, even though she had to fix it up a lot...writing isn’t easy for me, but I worked really hard on it...So...I—”
When they got home, John practically dragged Sherlock up the stairs, ordered him to undress, get on his hands and knees on the bed, and then fucked him hard without preamble. Sherlock shuddered each time Johns's cock passed over his prostate. His own neglected penis bobbed with each thrust and threatened to explode. He absolutely loved John this way, ruthless and insatiable. It made him feel like an object, his brain for once, secondary. It was a delicious respite from that other life that he lived, and he was enjoying it immensely. To keep from climaxing, Sherlock recited, one-by-one, each type of tobacco ash he had catalogued.
“So brave for me.” John brushes his fingers through the curls on Sherlock’s forehead, then reaches into the drawer and retrieves a bottle of lube and a bundle of soft silk scarves. He takes Sherlock’s left hand and brings it to his mouth, kissing each fingertip before looping the cloth around his wrist and tying it. He pulls his arm up over his head and secures it to the metal rails of the headboard. He repeats this with Sherlock’s right arm.
“I tried to call you earlier. To tell you, but it went straight to voicemail. I tried texting too.”
“I think we are past the worst of it,” John said.
“No, but I’ve never known you approve of the institution of marriage either.”
He wants to say no, he shouldn’t like this, it’s filthy. But it’s so filthy and that makes it so hot and so good, and he’s lost. “Oh, Sir, yes. Fuck, yes.”
do it. Slowly, he advances across the room, excruciatingly aware of John’s eyes on him. He can hear his heavy breathing. He can smell his cologne and below it the familiar masculine scent. Sherlock’s cock bobs hard and heavy as he crawls, and the plug is shifting inside him with each movement. His eyes are locked on John’s and they don’t waver. With each shuffle of his palm, he remembers what John has brought to his life and how grateful he feels. He thinks of the things that he himself has kept private from John and feels sincere regret for his behavior settle in.
“You look incredible.”
“You up?” Sherlock says hopefully.
The night before the big day, he blew some old, drunk guy behind a dumpster, his knees in an icy puddle, three blocks down from the Thirsty Scholar.
Sherlock slides down and shifts, sitting on his heels with his back against the sofa and leans against John’s leg. He looks directly at Mycroft with his best “...and the horse you rode in on” look. John rests a hand on his shoulder.
“He can’t be alone, John. There must be more. Let’s wait and see what we’re up against.”
“Well, young man, you may consider it my last assignment. You will show up. And the point is picking up the scholarship check.”
“Excellent!” Dr. Sawyer says. “My thoughts exactly. First, we’ll test the pills for the fragmentation pattern of amphetamine. The molecular weight is one thirty-five and should show fragments of forty-four and ninety-one. Jim’s prepared the sample and we’ll put it in the spectrometer. When you get back from lunch, we’ll look at the data and see what we have. Those diversion samples I mentioned might also be arriving. Should be a fun afternoon!”
Sherlock is drowning in the sensations, and he’s making noises he doesn’t recognize.
They browse the green peppers, sweet corn, and other vegetables before heading to a display of small jars. They turn out to be filled with honey and various jams, some of which are flavors Sherlock has never seen before like elderberry and jalepeño, as well as familiar ones like strawberry and blackberry.
Sherlock pops up, grinning himself, and meets John halfway. John grabs a handful of his ass and squeezes before he starts back to the table. Sherlock shoots a disapproving glare over his shoulder, and John smirks at him.
“Oh, I almost forgot. I need all of your electronic devices and weapons. Mobile phones, pagers, laptops, knives, the lot. Can’t have you alerting the authorities or playing the hero. My colleagues will be by to collect them.”
“But you’re leaving soon!” Sherlock wiggles around so he can look up at him.
John finishes his burger and wipes his mouth with the paper napkin.
“So, do you want me to…?” Sherlock begins, tentatively.
“Do you remember which rules you broke?”
“Yeah, it doesn’t hurt. It just reminds you of what you are. Mine. It’s a sexy little secret. This one might even feel good. It’ll lay across your nipples, rub them when you move.”
The next few come in a rhythm and leave him writhing in the cuffs, grunting with each burning strike and hissing out his thank-yous between clenched teeth. It’s exactly like being snapped with a towel—if the towel were on fire and tipped with razor blades.
She blows a kiss at them with a defiant look that says she’ll do no such thing.
“Yeah. Sorry. It’s just that…never mind. Would you like me to do the thing with your hair again? “
John turns his head and looks over his shoulder.
Sherlock sits back. His face is wet, and his pale eyes are thoughtful and earnest. After a moment, he leans in and kisses John on the lips, a lingering kiss, with just the barest hint of tongue, before promising, “Never, Sir. I never will.”
“Good. I don’t want you to forget who you belong to. Now, do you have anything planned for tomorrow?”
was fun, Mr Holmes. Maybe tomorrow you can teach me how you did it.”
John took his juice and pastry to the corner of the room where he and Sherlock had slept the night before.
“What is it? What’s wrong? Sherlock, talk to me.”
“Don’t mention it.”
“Anyone here have firearms experience?” John asked. Molly shook her head, but Martha and Philip nodded. “I’ve shot a few times,” Martha said. “At a shooting range with Enrico—He had lots of guns.”
“Luckily I know how to fix them too. Don’t you know kisses make everything better?”
********
“I didn’t realize you were a sponsor, Dr. Watson. This is a cause very close to my heart as you can imagine.” She takes Sherlock’s hand and says, “I’m only sorry we weren’t able to get the school started sooner.” John tilts his head and looks at Sherlock curiously. “I hope Sherlock passed on my invitation to you. We would be very pleased to have you and your friends come to our party.” She looks at Sherlock and says, “And you asked Molly as well?” Sherlock nods. Cheerfully, she calls out in her classroom voice, “That’s settled then. Everyone at our house before the parade, eleven o’clock. Good night.” She and Marie take off.
“Same here.” John kisses him like he owns him, and Sherlock loses himself in the sensation. “You are going to be gorgeous, tied up like a present for me to unwrap.”
“I love you, Sir.”
Before they can continue the conversation, Pomp and Circumstance starts, and they’re in their seats listening to the various too-long speeches about how high school is such a memorable experience…How they should go forth into the world and make a difference. Etc. Etc.  Sherlock vaguely remembers watching Myc make such a speech as valedictorian years ago and being equally bored.
John touches Sherlock’s cheek. “I said I’d take care of you and I will. But as soon as you are able, I expect you to get to work, understood?”
SH: I passed.
“You don’t have a fever.” She eyes him severely. “What have you taken?”
“Does this hurt, Sir?” he asks when his hand glides over the scar.
John arrives at five thirty and orders a bottle of red. It’s important to stake out the territory, fill up the space. He sips from his glass slowly, reviewing and savoring his plan for the evening. Once he confirms that the boy knows his mind, it’s not that complicated: he’s as good as in his pocket already. John chuckles. He wouldn’t know what hit him. At first.
It’s easier than last time and only hurts a little. He makes small movements at first as John’s hands caress his hips. Then suddenly, he wants all of John inside him for the aria, to be as close to him as possible. He pushes back slowly until he’s resting against John’s body, and they both sigh when the opening strains of Nessun Dorma begin. Sherlock shudders and begins to rock back and forth as the music washes over him, and the joy of it fills his mind as John fills his body, and the sound and the sensations combine to produce an exquisite intimacy of shared experience.
, he whimpers at the intimacy of it.
Sherlock hurls the pillow he’s been holding across the room, knocking over a table lamp, which crashes to the floor. John wouldn’t cheat on him, he knows this. So why does he feel so miserable?
"What the fuck is 'ennui'?"
“John…Are you…crying?”
“Yes, you are,” John answers, not taking the bait. “I heard your stomach.” He smiles and gets to his feet. “Eat.”
A sharp flick of the crop on his belly brings him back.
“I’m shot,” Stamford said and opened his arms to reveal a patch of dark wetness spreading on his right side.
John hushes him, “I know, I know you are, but it’s all over now. No more apologies. You’re forgiven. You don’t have to worry about it anymore. The punishment is done. We start fresh now. It’s all in the past.” He strokes the back of Sherlock’s head and allows him to cry. When he's all cried out, John takes him by the hand and leads him to the bed, where he helps him to lie down on his side and holds him until the shuddering breaths slow and then even out. “Feel better now?”
“At the beginning yes, but then no. Thinking about it was worse. I wanted to show you how sorry I was and how much you mean to me. I think I wanted to prove something.  I
They stop outside Courtroom 4D and are instructed to stand against the wall with their feet on yellow footprints painted on the floor. Soon, three of the suits approach; two men and one woman.
, Sherlock! Fucking iceman. I can’t wait to get my hands on him.”
“No. I didn’t”
“Um, lemonade for me.”
“I’m not hungry.”
“Did I like it? Are you mental? I loved it. I can’t imagine a better birthday present! Come here.”
John switches to speaker. “Yes, yes, hello, I’m looking for Sherlock Holmes, tall, skinny, curly hair, blue pickup truck—"
“Doomed.”
“I told you before that I usually eat alone,” Sherlock said.
As if he’d heard him, John opens the door, carrying a tray. Sherlock hopes it isn’t food. He doesn’t think he can face bacon and eggs right now, but when John sets the tray down beside him, it contains only a pitcher of juice, a glass, and two slices of dry toast on a plate.
“You should have it early next week. One of the perks of my super-secret job.” He laughs, then grows serious. “Sherlock, are you sure this is what you want?”
Right, Duties, and Obligations ~ Sherlock Holmes (SH), Submissive
Martin Greenfield is a real tailor (although in NY, not Ohio).  He is a Holocaust survivor and you can watch him tell his story in a video
“I had a growth spurt after that summer.”
party.
“I wish I could take it back, Sherlock…” George says, reading Sherlock’s expression.
Soon the prisoners were served a cold breakfast by the same two guards that had brought their dinner. During their captivity, they had seen just the four men: Moriarty, Baldy, Beefy, and Red. Was that all there were? Could they really be that lucky?
“And that’s important why?”
“Yeah, well, I haven’t decided. Seems kind of pointless,” Sherlock says, unable to say what he feels, that mom would have made him go, that he wants his dad to see him receive his diploma.
Gregson accompanies Sherlock to the cell where he’s to spend the night. Before he locks the door, he hands Sherlock a notepad and rubber pen. “From Dr. Hunter. There’s a note from her on the first page, I didn’t read it.” Sherlock takes the notepad and steels himself as he turns to face the room. He is relieved to see Wig again among the twenty or so men that inhabit the dreary concrete cage that smells of sweat and urine.
John withdrew and pulled Sherlock toward the sofa, shedding his remaining clothing along the way. Sherlock lay down on his back and John fell on top of him. They kissed. Sherlock broke the kiss and began, “John, I’m so sorry…”
“Tundra honeyberries,” Sherlock said after some time had passed.
Sherlock feels a cold rage overtake him. All of their taunts and bullying and just their shitty meanness directed at him are bad enough,
“Are we talking about Jim Moriarty?”
“I can’t, Sherlock. It’s just not possible.”
“A little.”
“Good boy. There’s at least some part of you that wants this because here you are.”
“Thanks, Mike. I owe you one.”
“Yes, Sir,” Sherlock says.
Will considered this for a moment. “Nah. You’d have to deal with too many people. Be nice to fans. If you’re an astronaut, you’re all by yourself up there in space.”
Sherlock kisses his way back up John’s body.
Myc looks at his watch and says, “Unnecessary by now. The inquiries have been made.”
There was a beat of silence.
“I belong to you...Sir.”
********
Sherlock flushes bright red, and his mouth drops open.
John holds onto the third hank, the coconut, and Sherlock sees him give Annie a grin which turns her cheeks pink. John hands the rope to Sherlock with his eyes still on Annie, and Sherlock takes it, trying to read the signals flashing back and forth between them. It irritates him that he can't deduce any meaning from the silent exchange.
“Shut up! Just shut up!” John had closed the distance between them and was standing close to Sherlock now, his face red, and his jaw clenched.
John pushed past to row four, checking pulses.
Now they were back in their prison. Five now, instead of eight. John took an inventory of what he had to work with:
Sherlock shifts into fifth gear as they speed over the country roads north of the zoo. The brilliant blue sky has given way to afternoon clouds approaching from the west, but the day is still warm and pleasant. It’s perfect weather for a drive and they have the convertible top down.
She turns to John and gushes.. “He’s going to be breathtaking!” Sherlock squeezes his eyes shut and wills himself to disappear. Having a strange woman admire his body is embarrassing, even
The rest of the trip home is uneventful. They talk about the farmer and the animals they saw at the zoo. They sing along with the radio. They enjoy each other’s company in comfortable silence. The wipers swoosh as the rain pelts the windshield, and jagged flashes of lightning illuminate the sky as they approach the city. The day has mostly gone according to plan, and Sherlock thinks that John has had a good time. All told, Sherlock has spent less than forty dollars, but he would be surprised if John doesn’t insist on reimbursing him although he inwardly resolves to refuse. And there is still the thing that Sherlock has reserved for tonight. The thing he started in the top bunk, above Wiggy in the Franklin County jail, what seems like a hundred years, but in reality was less than two weeks ago. Things have been changing so rapidly this summer that it’s hard to keep everything straight.
“Better. Next time, you’ll say ‘Yes, Sir.’ Understood?”
John releases him with an exhalation. “Get dressed and let's go home.”
They continued slowly down the corridor to where John had parted ways with the others. Sherlock was breathing heavily but insisted that he was all right. On the other side of the door was a long staircase.
The next morning, Monday, they sleep in. John had finished up his professional and academic responsibilities at the hospital the week before, so no alarm had been set. The sound of a jackhammer somewhere outside wakes Sherlock at nine thirty. He stretches and yawns, and then turns to look at John, who is lying, uncovered, on his stomach, awake but just barely, and wearing tight blue boxer briefs. He considers how just that one piece of clothing affects his perception of John’s authority. Sherlock, of course, is naked. Vulnerable. Even after sex, John often puts on clothing, deliberately emphasizing Sherlock’s nakedness.
“And I’m sorry. You were right. It was stupid to try and provoke you. Immature.”
“Yes. I heard it all. You stood up for yourself. You stood up for
“See what I can do for you? Anytime I like. You are so beautiful like this. You are so sexy like this.” John continues to whisper praise as he watches Sherlock surrender to the pleasure radiating through his body from that secret spot. The sensation is overwhelming, and for a moment, he finds his mouth unable to form the words he wants to say. Finally, he gets them out.
John gives him a mock frown. “Just because I love reddening your ass, go add a stroke to your tally.”
Wiggy listens with interest, uncharacteristically silent as Pete lays out his troubles. Sherlock, still unrecognized, is hanging behind him in the shadows, the bar dim even in full daylight.
“Nothing. Makes me happy to see you eat, that’s all, make sure you write it down. What do you have to do today?”
“Don’t worry about it, Wig. I'm an adult. I can smoke if I want to.”
“Please…please…”
John slips his fingers back inside and gives them a gentle twist. “Ask me for it.”
Molly nodded wordlessly, turned, and fled down the aisle.
“I was leaning that way.”
“I’ve noticed.”
As they walk towards Ms. Hudson’s house, the crowd grows thicker and thicker. Downtown Columbus is usually sleepy on the weekends when all the businesses are closed, but this Saturday the sidewalks and streets are brimming with parade goers. Sherlock is utterly amazed by the variety of people and colors and music all around. There are families with strollers, men wearing impossibly high heels, glitter, rainbow flags, rainbow shirts, butch lesbians on motorcycles, topless women
“What is it?”
Cold shower, bike to the shop, work, bike some more, play guitar. He stays as busy as he possibly can, and the time still drips by like an icicle melting in the snow. He’s hungrier than usual, likely because of all the exercise
********
“Good morning, sleepyhead.”
“It’s best that you don’t know, John.”
“I was thinking I’d like to try something tonight, Sherlock, play a bit, but if you’re too tired...”
“Eight.”
,” he jutted his chin toward Mycroft, “compared to millions of lives?”
Sherlock doesn’t have to think about the answer. He wants John more than anything he can remember wanting before. He pulls away to look at him. “Yes, Sir.”
“Trees. Stars. Clouds. The moon.”
“Enjoy your evening. The real fun starts tomorrow.” The lunatic grinned again and waved, and the screen went dark.
They greet each other and Sherlock joins him, making sure to keep the watch under the table and out of sight. George offers him a cigarette, and he shakes his head. “I’m quitting.” His dad looks at him suspiciously. “Really?”
“Color?”
He flips to the attached limits list and reviews his answers. His previous no’s are still no’s.
Before he can get his acknowledgement out, John’s hand connects with a loud crack and Sherlock’s warm, fuzzy memories are instantly replaced with the harsh reality of the stinging slap.
“Get to it," he commanded.
“I’m sure you’ve guessed by now that I want what’s in your head—because it wasn’t on your hard drive. I want what you can build, not for me—I wouldn’t get my hands dirty that way. But I have clients.”
Sherlock glances at Annie, who pretends she hasn’t seen John’s teasing.
JW:     Good boy.  But you forgot Rule Number Two.
“I agree with you, Sherlock, that the first thing we should do is find out who could open those lockers,” Myc says. “John, can you find out?”
John looks pleased.
After the guests leave, Sherlock finds out what Annie has up her sleeve (and in the duffel bag).
She puts her hand on his arm. “Afraid? Why?” she asks, alarm in her voice.
A blush heats Sherlock’s cheeks. “I’m not sure, Sir. I really like what we do…how it feels…but I…guess I just wondered what it would be like.”
The anticipation of what is to come sends a thrill down Sherlock’s spine as he kneels before John in the foyer. Whatever it is, he is ready to bear it. He welcomes it, welcomes the punishment that will make his body stronger and his mind clearer. He is craving surrender. After it all, there will be cuddling, and gentle kisses and he wants the feeling, of being cherished, he does. But right now...right
“So, Sherlock, what’s your story? Why are you working at the tack shop anyway?  I don’t figure you as the horsey sort. The riding crop sort, perhaps,” John says with a slight smirk, “but not the horsey sort.”
“Right then, we’ll talk about this later, but I want you to concentrate on why this is still a great day for you. You tell me. Go on.”
********
When John turns, Sherlock resumes his task but bends and presses kisses along the side of John’s neck as his fingers work the button free and then ease the zipper down. John’s skin smells delicious. A blend of sweat, cologne, and his...
Sherlock feels the blood drain from his head and feels a little unsteady on his feet. John tightens his grip, supporting him, and keeps talking. “Introduce yourselves and be gentle with him, will you?”
Silence. Smiling. “Tack shop. Oh! Yes, Sherlock, of course. What can I do for you, Sherlock?”
“If we're talking about recreational use, then you’re damn right I disapprove.”
“And now you’ve met two of us.” Sherlock says, trying to remain composed. “Is that a problem? If it is, let’s hear it. I
Off come the shoes and shorts, then the soaked and sticky briefs. “I think I’ll just throw these away and go home commando,” Sherlock says and drops them into the trash can as John hands him paper towels from the dispenser over the sink.
Laughing, John pretends to push him off, and in a mock angry voice, says, “Gerroff, you stinky git! I already showered and you’ll have me smelling like a locker room!”
“Which one would you recommend?”
John gets to his knees so that they are only inches apart, and the tip of Sherlock’s erection is brushing John’s stomach, making him want to push his hips forward, sandwich it between them and
Sherlock has never been in this part of the state. The rolling green farmland, dotted with barns and lined with white fences, seems to go on forever. There are few cars on the road, and they push the speed limit, whooping and laughing at the lightness in their bellies as they zip over the hills; it’s almost like being on a rollercoaster.
“Speak up,” she barks.
“What?”
Wiggy nods back. “Your brother is one smart ass sunovabitch.”
John pours himself a glass of wine as he watches Sherlock eat, standing at the breakfast bar because it hurts too much to sit.
John’s hands run lightly over his body, his shoulders, his sides, his hips. Then he pulls the plug out without ceremony and drops it on the floor. Sherlock is still slick from the lube he used earlier, but he hears the familiar snick of the bottle as John applies more to himself. Then, after tucking the hem of the kilt into the waistband, he grasps Sherlock’s hip with one hand and pulls him back until he can feel John’s hardness against his hole.
And then there was Mary. What was she thinking right now? Had she lain awake all night crying and holding the stuffed giraffe he had given her for her birthday? Was she mourning him?
“Oh, yeah, me too.”
His fingers clasp themselves on top of his head.
There are thirteen slips of paper. He was thirteen when she died. Had she been saving this up ever since he was born? Maybe gone without lunches. Had she hidden this from dad?
John licks his lips, and the stare morphs into a wolfish grin. He climbs onto the bed and crawls up until he’s hovering over Sherlock’s face. “Gentlemen’s agreement. Two out of three, the most push-ups, and sit-ups and the longest plank. Winner gets to come. Agreed?”
“Of course I’ll go.” John reaches out and places his hand over Sherlock’s.
“Sherlock.”
“Hi, Molly,” he says as he retrieves his lab coat from his locker and stows his backpack. He flips up the collar of his polo shirt, hoping to hide the bruise John left, and Molly gives him a look but says nothing.
He handed the marker back to Molly, and she wrote:
“OK? Sir?”
“Oh, Will,” John said, and Sherlock didn’t correct him, “I cared for you. I’ve never fallen for anyone that fast or hard. The way you made me feel. Christ. The way we felt
Sherlock peeled off the sweatpants and sweatshirt that John had brought him at the hospital and stepped under the hot spray. It felt amazing, and he stood under it for a long time, letting it hit his scalp and run over his body. His head wound was healing nicely and no longer required a bandage. His chest hurt whenever he twisted or took a deep breath, and his back still ached. It was his fingers that now hurt the most. They throbbed continuously. Dr Adler had placed nail-shaped splints over his bare nail beds so that when his own nails grew back, they’d have a chance to look halfway normal.
Awkwardly, he returns the embrace. He’s still not used to hugging anyone but John. Her body is comforting, soft against him, and she smells good. He finds he doesn’t want to let her go. He squeezes tighter, no longer awkward. “Molly, I didn’t do it.”
Sherlock nodded. “Do it.”
Martin takes Sherlock by the shoulders, spins him and looks him up and down.
“Oh, hell yeah!”
“You little shit, I ought to spank you for being such a tease,” John grins.
“None of this is what I want. Goodbye, John.” She clicked off.
“Surely, you, more than anyone else, know he would only be here of his own free will,” John says, and Myc concedes the point. “And the word is ‘submissive’ as I’m sure you also know. Your research will turn up an excellent reputation for discretion and positive references from almost every club in London. I can print you out a list if you’d like. Save you some time?”
“I’m fine.”
“Stan.”
Sherlock mutters under his breath, and John says, “What was that? I believe you’re at ten for the week, aren’t you, Sherlock?”
MH: :b
“Is he your boyfriend?” Jim asks, addressing Molly but still looking directly at Sherlock.
John watches Sherlock resist the urge to scowl, then leans down and kisses him on the forehead. “First things first. Before the end of the day, you’re going to enroll yourself in a summer class. I’ve printed a list that you can choose from. We’ll look at it over breakfast. You’ll be writing letters of apology to Myc, Ms. Hudson, and Molly and her parents for worrying them all to death. I will be making up a list of your daily responsibilities, and we’ll go on from there. Come. Breakfast.”
“What? But what?”
Sherlock lets his breathing slow, then says, “It doesn’t bother me as much when it’s just me.”
“I’m almost done. What should I wear to Angelo’s, Sir?”
“I saw one that looks kind of interesting,” he says, extending his hand for the binder.
“Fu—It’s OK. You are going to be OK. YOU ARE GOING TO BE OK!”
SH:     In the woods playing guitar.
“Oh, Molly, please tell me you didn’t…”
And Sherlock’s heart sinks as John continues. “And so I’m going to punish you like a child, so the next time you’re tempted to try and manipulate me, you’ll remember who we are and what you’ve agreed to.”
“Yes, Sir.”
“Better. But not good enough. Try again. And mind the rules this time.”
Pete scowls and says, “Yeah, I noticed.”
“You’ll stay here until you're called for processing.” The door clangs behind him and the deputy is gone. He looks around. There are concrete benches and a toilet and sink, nothing else. The smell of sweat is strong in the oppressive, unmoving air and, despite the heat, Sherlock finds himself shivering. About a dozen men inhabit the cell, lying on the benches or sitting slumped against the wall. A few look up briefly when he enters but go back to what they were doing.
