“Good, you’re awake. Are you ready?” It was Destiny. She looked the same as when she left so many hours ago. John blinked the sleep away from his eyes, his brain slowly catching up and realizing everything had, much to his joy, not been a dream.
She stepped forward, reaching toward his forehead, but he stopped her, “Wait.”
Destiny nodded once more. John grabbed his laptop from the side table next to his bed and stuffed it in a bag that had a strap and slung it across his body.
(See the end of the chapter for
“My memories,” John echoed her once more. She nodded as her eyes washed over Sherlock.
Ursine Vulpine ft. Annaca- Wicked Game
Was the last thing he heard before he collapsed into oblivion.
John stared at Sherlock from the side as his other self commented on the layout of the room. Something along the lines of “a bit different from my day.”
“I am a
She pressed her lips together and gave a curt nod. “I enjoyed reading your blog. Quite fascinating it all was.”
John felt his heart warm at the comment, “I don’t either, but I appreciate you saying that.”
They haunted him, made him rethink everything about his flatmate and the man he came to believe was the most incredible person he would ever come across. He often found himself rethinking the many cases they solved and trying to figure out how Sherlock would have even faked any of it. He always concluded that it was not fake. It wasn’t a
“There is no meaning.” She said simply and in a matter-of-factly type of voice, “It’s just how it has been written. I don’t make the rules.”
Narnia OST- The Wardrobe
John stumbled into the common area of the flat and stopped in the doorway, breathing heavily. His back was to John, but standing in the middle of the flat in a silk blue robe with a mess of black curls was-
“Yes and as I was saying…” She said as the scene before them played out faintly as they spoke, “You and Sherlock are a unique pair of human beings.” “I don’t understand,” John mumbled as he stared at Sherlock, his eyes not leaving the man as he texted something on his other self’s mobile phone.
Except, John was not accustomed to normalcy. Not when he used to live with Sherlock Holmes, the most eccentric, unique, adrenaline chasing junkie of a man he’d ever met. No, there was no “
“Yes, I remember.” John tapped the arm of his chair, swallowing thickly, “The media called it a suicide pact.” He clenched one of his fists at the anger flaring in his chest.
are you?” He whispered quietly, trying to control his breathing. It hadn’t occurred to John that he had never asked the woman her name.
“Thank you, Greg.” John gave him a smile small as Lestrade put a hand on his shoulder and stood.
Once he was in bed, he closed his eyes, sighing quietly into the darkness of his room. John tried to sleep. He felt tired, but his body wasn’t allowing him to fall asleep. He tossed and turned and huffed in frustration. John sat up in bed, running his hands through his short hair before letting them fall to his lap. He glanced briefly at the clock that sat on his nightstand. It was just nearing three in the morning. John shook his head and then glanced at his shut door.
“Yes.”
“You can’t tell?”
The two men were quiet between each other, watching the people in the park.
John’s breath halted for a moment.
“But why?”
, unfortunately, yes.”
“What if I told you there was a possibility? A second chance. A chance to save him. A chance to bring. Him. Back.”
“What the hell.” He murmured to no one and threw the covers off himself before stalking down the stairs and back into the common area. He switched on the light, his eyes immediately locking onto the black card that sat on the table next to his chair and lamp. John grabbed the card and his mobile phone. An uneasy feeling settled itself into his stomach as he stared at the card. What had she meant? How was there a way to save Sherlock? It was bugging him.
“Somewhere along the way, the timeline got skewed and now we are currently here in a timeline that, frankly, should not even exist,” Destiny continued, “I can alter the timeline to be back on track, but I need your help to do so.”
They talked quietly with one another, mostly about the day, and when John was going back to work. It wasn’t long until Mrs. Hudson heard her landline ringing downstairs and she rushed off to answer it, leaving John alone upstairs once more.
“A part of me keeps thinking and hoping it's just one of his games or brilliant plans.” Lestrade continued, “I find myself waiting for him to waltz into Scotland Yard, ready to rail me about giving him a case.” Lestrade smiled sadly and glanced away from John, who could see the tears that pricked Lestrade’s eyes.
him. John tells Sherlock he wishes he could have saved him as well.
“I guess we’ll wait and see…” John murmured, “What do you think, Sherlock?” He looked around the room sadly. John tried to imagine what Sherlock would say:
“I don’t know how yet, but I’m coming for you, Sherlock you...you brilliant
Was this a dream? John wondered once more. He prayed and hoped this was not a dream. He had a chance to bring Sherlock back? To save him? To be by his side again? Destiny released her light grip from his shoulder and took a few steps back.
However, before he could ponder it any longer, Mrs. Hudson came up the stairs with a silver tray of biscuits fresh from the oven. They smelled wonderful. John tossed the card on the side table next to his chair and greeted Mrs. Hudson with a warm smile.
“Of course I would, why...why would you even ask that?”
“I talk to him sometimes” a pause, “or pray...whatever you wanna call it.”
“Sherlock-!” John breathed out, emotions welling up in his chest making it seem harder to breathe.
John’s phone buzzed on the small table next to his chair, catching his attention. He got up and grabbed it. Lestrade had texted him about possibly going out later that week to the pub. John was about to respond when his eyes caught sight of the black card with the white numbers on it. He stared at it, thinking back on the woman he met in the park and the strange atmosphere that surrounded her.
“Maybe…” John looked at the violin once more, “But let's hope you’re wrong for once.”
“I understand.” John straightened, feeling the soldier's side in himself coming alive. It was like a mission back during his time at war.. There were no do-overs. He only had one shot.
anything at all to have him back.” John’s voice was rough with emotion, his blurred eyes never leaving Sherlock’s form by the table.
John did as he was told and, shortly after, he felt the cool touch of her fingertips to his forehead, and then there was that loud ringing noise in his ears along with the dizzy feeling and then it was suddenly gone in a flash. John opened his eyes to see Destiny standing in front of him. He was in his chair like before. He blinked rapidly at the bright light streaming in through the curtains of the common area.
Destiny gave him a level stare, “Here is how it will go,” She started, “You, as you are now, will remain. When I send you back, you will be the John Watson in that timeline, but with knowledge of the current John Watson that you are at this moment.”
“You and Sherlock Holmes are one of the only two pairs of people in the entire world that have been destined to meet no matter the circumstances.”
“What-”
“Sherlock,” John whispered in disbelief under his breath. He felt his breath quicken and without another thought, John rushed over to Sherlock and thrust his hands out toward the man to grab hold of him and never let him go. However, that didn’t happen. John’s hands shot straight through Sherlock’s form as if John, himself, were a ghost. Horrified, he ripped his hands back as if burned.
“John. John Watson.” He said quickly, taking in the appearance of the woman. She had long, gorgeous locks of black hair that were cascading down her shoulders and black bangs that were cut across her forehead. Her eyes were strange in a way that John couldn’t pull his own eyes away from them. They were almost a silver-blue color that seemed like they were sparkling even in the clouded sunlight. Her lips were full and a cherry red color that complemented the dusted blush across her cheeks and nose. She wore a plain, long sleeve, white dress that came just to her knees with tights and red heels that matched her lips. John had never seen someone so stunning in his life.
John blinked slowly, more tears slipping down his cheeks.
Destiny smiled as she shook his hand. “I’m pleased to hear. If you don’t have any more questions at this time, I need to start preparing immediately and I need you to get all the rest you can get, preferably starting now. Time travel is exhausting and you will need all the strength you can manage.” Destiny headed toward the door, her red heels clicking against the floorboards.
Did he? John wondered, but didn’t voice it. There was another brief silence between them, letting the information sink in. John’s heart was still thudding heavily.
“It wasn’t a dream.” John murmured in disbelief.
“But we can fix it? How exactly?”
John’s head was spinning with so much information. He still couldn’t grasp that this was even happening and that it was all real. Sending him back in time? Like time traveling? John briefly wondered about all the movies that involved time travel and if any of them were factual. Probably not, was his guess.
about her. Something
“You said your name was Destiny?”
Destiny stopped at the common area entrance and glanced behind her at him, “I will be ready at midnight and I will need you to be ready as well. Get some rest, John.”
Then there were nights that John talked to Sherlock. Many nights. He didn’t know if Sherlock would ever actually hear what he was saying as John wasn’t even sure of an afterlife, but he did it nonetheless. He would tell Sherlock about what was going on at Scotland Yard and sometimes even about his day. On his particularly low nights, John would tell Sherlock all the things he wished he could have told him when he was alive. He tells him how much he missed him and how much Sherlock meant to him. Most of all, John tells Sherlock just how much he had impacted his life and how Sherlock had
He brought the mug to the table with his laptop and sat down, staring at the closed computer. He decided against going back onto his un-updated blog and turned to switch on the telly instead. He ended up watching the news for a bit before there was a sound that caught his attention from behind him.
Six months. It had been six long, depressing months since it happened.
She walked to the entrance of the common area of the flat where the door was shut and waited expectantly for him. John got up from his chair and hesitantly followed her. When she opened the door, John was blinded by a bright light and had to shield his eyes from it for a moment before he let his hand fall to his side as he recognized the interior of Bart’s hospital. He had not stepped inside the hospital since Sherlock’s death. Being here sent shivers down his spine.
“It seems complicated and probably a bit overwhelming if you think about it too closely, but people make choices every single day of their lives, some as simple as choosing where to eat for lunch.”
“Jawn p’yay a game wif’ou’d me?!” Sherlock gasped.
"Warn this," Greg grumbled under his breath, clearing the rest of the take away boxes and putting them in the rubbish.
"Not midnight in any case."
Greg just grinned.
“You are being extremely helpful, yes, and you can keep helping…after you put your bib on, please.”
“...Aim?” Jawn asked warily.
"I'll go look. Stay with Mycroft."
Greg frowned and kept his hold on Sherlock.
First...he needed his meds.
"Stay with Gregory," Mycroft called back down the hall.
"Nooooooooooo!" Jawn looked back over his shoulder and pouted. "No'd span'gs!"
“Jawn has enough green crayons. If he needs the one that Sherlock is using, he can trade one of his other green crayons for it,” Mycroft said, hoping to head off a wobbler...years of diplomatic work was proving no match for dealing with two whingy toddlers.
"Y'ah. I dun' wan'd s'eep."
Nope. And Mummy's not the only one to catch them.
"You're always so damn practical."
"I c'n hel'b, My'cobb!"
Sherlock’s face is mutinous but the hand on his chest starts to rub small circles and he relaxes into the touch. “And I have to stay in bed unless it’s a ‘megency.” John smiles to himself. Sherlock only talks “little” when he’s exhausted.
Sherlock nodded; "Bubba's?"
"For a bit. What kind of potatoes would you like to eat?"
"Miss Jawn."
"Y'ots o'b faeries can y'ive in'a castle. Y'ots of space." Sherlock finished the extra blueberries G'eg had put in his bowl. "I was star'bing."
" Yes, all of it."
"O'gay," Jawn mumbled, his breathing already starting to slow.
Sherlock's nose wrinkled. This wasn't the time for such trivial things. It was Valentines day, and that was important. "I made something for you." Sherlock announced. "It's a surprise!" He twisted the card in his fingers, still behind his back, hidden from John. "I wanted to go to market, but I'm not allowed to leave the flat without you..."
“I’m good, too. I eated all'a dinners, too.” Jawn’s short sauce covered fingers tugged on Mycroft’s wrist. “I can eat lettuces, too, My'coff.” Jawn held his mouth open for a bite of salad.
"Put the Hulk flower into the cup."
“The second one’s the best!” Jawn piped in, pushing the ‘play’ button.
Sherlock looked up at his brother as he walked in, and smiled. Mycroft could still see faint traces of his tears in the lamplight.
"That's not why I want you to stay."
"Yes, baby?"
"Just completing the train, love."
“Yea. Is hard’a s’yee’b by you'self.”
Jawn stalked (as best he could in a soaked nappy, mind) across the room. "Quit smacking my baby," he growled as he climbed onto the bed and pulled Sherlock’s head onto his lap.
"C'n I pu'ss the bu'ddon??!" Sherlock asked before Mycroft could flip the switch.
"Or to pull through on proving it." Sherlock scooped four heaping teaspoons of sugar into his tea, the corner of his mouth hinting at a smile when Mycroft made a pained face.
"Oh, shush," Mycroft admonished. "Hand me that pillow, then get one for yourself and come about the other side."
"Y'ah," Sherlock said. He took the bottle and shook it again, and frowned when there was still no golden glitter to decorate his sand with. He held it up and shook it at Greg; "I'd won'd come, G'eg."
Sherlock frowned but obediently held the big spoon up to his mouth, nearly dropping it in pain when he opened his mouth. "Owwww'sh," he whimpered, blinking back tears as he pressed his hand to his cheek.
Sherlock snorted and pulled the band aid with the little red monster out of the stack. Mycroft carefully unbent the little horn and wrapped it in a plaster. “Thumb, Jawn.”
"Bax'er, an', um, an' Pea'nud didn', um, they's didn' ge' cu'b'ca'ges wi'f us."
Sherlock rolled his eyes; “I’ll have a cup as well.”
"That's what the shirt is for."
Mycroft rubbed his little brother’s arm, half expecting a strop over whose turn it really was, but instead Sherlock watched Jawn for a moment before pushing his ‘bubbas’ into his big brother’s hand. “Open, My? P’ease open?”
“No. In my head.”
"Good boy." Mycroft handed him one, handle first. "Be very careful."
“I did. But do you remember the conversation we had this morning about teasing?” Mycroft pulled two lightweight sleepers out of their dresser. “You can always sit on the step as a reminder.”
“Id’s a sna’g? I’m hun’ree,” Jawn scootched off of Sherlock, causing the little detective to grumble and wriggle. “S’alright,” Jawn told him, pressing a wet kiss to his forehead before waddling into the kitchen.
"So s'iny," Sherlock sang along.
Greg was quiet for a minute, while he ran gentle fingers through the dozing little detective's hair. "...Are you just making sure I don't give him cupcakes for breakfast?"
“I y’ike baffs!” Jawn crowed, a piece of pasta flying out of his mouth and onto the table. Another thing for them to clean up later.
With the promise of a cupcake Sherlock hurriedly cleaned up every speck of glitter off the table. He even held the dust pan for John to sweep up the floor.
Haha my soul is dead and I love it
"I y'ike noo'les, bu'd I wan' fros'ing ins'ead."
Greg snorted. "Never was a big fan'o them," he said, continuing to scroll.
"You can't have a soggy bum in front of a doctor."
"I c'n picks them?" Sherlock asked, clearly skeptical. He'd been in trouble for picking the flowers in the garden before.
John shrugged and handed the cloth over to him. He was being very well behaved, a reward was warranted. Sherlock dipped the cloth into the water; one, two, three times. He made sure that it was clean before he pressed it up against his cheek and rubbed vigorously. John laughed at his efforts.
"For me? Why thank you!" Greg opened his hand and accepted the treasures.
“I’ll have some. Go pour the sauces.”
How could he possibly fall asleep when he knew that Sherlock was somewhere in another timeline,
“No, no that was my bad. I wasn’t paying attention either.” She chuckled softly as she slowly took her bag back, “Thank you um…”
. He wasn’t going to miraculously come back from the dead as John had been secretly hoping for the past six months. John felt like collapsing to his knees, but he held steady and exhaled softly at the news.
As John strolled through a nice park, he thought about stopping for a coffee somewhere soon. He glanced around. There were couples walking hand-in-hand and families playing with the ducks near the pond. He sighed quietly. Life felt so different without
“John I need you to understand what I am saying.” Destiny lightly grabbed his shoulder where his old bullet wound was, somehow it grounded him. It kept him from spiraling even further, “Listen to me, Sherlock was not supposed to
John knew what she wanted him to say. He’d never said it to anyone else besides the walls of his bedroom. She wanted him to admit how much he missed Sherlock and John didn’t know if he could do it. John shifted in his seat, his jaw clenching. “I tell him…” John paused as his voice cracked. He cleared his throat and the words escaped him just barely above a whisper, “how much I miss him.”
Thank you for reading and feel free to tell me what you think about the story so far in the comments! Kudos are welcomed! Enjoy the rest of your day/night.
“You know,” Lestrade started, “I don’t think I’ll ever get over this.”
John started laughing quietly, his shoulders shaking a little with the action. He couldn’t believe it. It was all real.
“I’m sending you back seven months before Sherlock’s death.” John felt Destiny grab his right arm and lift his sleeve a little. He felt her clasp something around his wrist. “I am giving you a watch with a timer on it so you can keep track of how much time is left.”
John still lived at 221B Baker Street but it was painful to see Sherlock in everything around the flat. There were times John considered moving because he just couldn’t take waking up another morning and not seeing a mop of black curls and the swish of a silk blue robe lying somewhere around the flat or sitting at the table with some ghastly experiment going on, however, John also couldn’t see himself anywhere else in the world. Plus, Mrs. Hudson would hate to see him go.
Bring Sherlock back? Was she mad? It was impossible. Sherlock was dead. Nothing was going to change that fact. John shook his head and sent Lestrade a quick text before he called it a night. He switched off the lights and telly in the common area and headed for the stairs leading up to his bedroom before stopping briefly to stare at the closed door down the hall. Sherlock’s room. John’s gaze fell as he ascended the stairs.
“Wait-” John looked around frantically, “What are you saying?”
“Please, I insist,” John said as he grabbed the paper cup of the coffee and discarded it in the nearby trash bin.
Destiny released a breath as if she had been holding it in. Had she thought he would refuse? “Good.” She murmured after a moment. “I’m going to take us out of your memories now that we’re on the same page.”
“Then why?!” John’s voice rose, emotion whirling in his heart, “Tell me!”
“Hm? Who?”
“Will I see you again?” He questioned quickly, the words tumbling out of his mouth.
“Six months?!” John squeaked, “How is that enough time to figure it out?”
Destiny pursed her lips at the slight mockery, but she ignored it and opted for explaining instead, “I plan to send you back in time. I can’t personally meddle with human choices and their variables, but I can...influence them to an extent, so that is why I need you. As a human, you are not bound by any laws of my world, you’re allowed to change your mind and alter things in a way that suits you, therefore you can set the timeline back on course.”
Mycroft, surprisingly, helped John throughout the first few months of Sherlock’s death. Even now the man helped John and the two became weirdly familiar with one another and formed an unusual friendship despite neither meaning for it to happen. Mycroft helped cover John’s bills, so John was able to take time off from the surgery. He didn’t know when he would return. Grieving was an undeniably long process people had to go through and he was glad to have the extra support from Mycroft so he wouldn’t have to worry financially. The surgery, of course, told him to take as long as he needed and John was thankful for it. John knew he would return in the coming month as he knew Mycroft would not continue paying his bills forever. His therapist also thought it to be a good idea for him to return to working to have a sense of normalcy and routine or to simply get him out of the flat.
John scoffed and the woman gave him a complex look.
John groaned and when the dizziness started waning, he slowly opened his eyes again, taking in his surroundings. He was in his room still, which looked very much the same as his room from his timeline. John, very slowly, tried to sit up. His head felt like someone had taken a sledgehammer to it. He touched his forehead, wincing at the massive headache lingering there. “Damn.” He murmured, his words slurring a bit. He let his hand fall to the bed as he turned his head, glancing around. It looked like his normal room, nothing was unusual or out of place, however, Destiny was nowhere in sight nor was the markings she made on the floor.
Mrs. Hudson nodded curtly and went back into her flat as John headed up the stairs to his own. He stopped in the doorway of the common area, his eyes locking onto the black leather chair that sat, empty, across from his own. John’s small smile fell. There was still so much stuff that reminded him of Sherlock, but there was no way he could bring himself to throw or donate any of it even though Mrs. Hudson had brought it up a few times. John inhaled shakily and sat in his own chair, staring at the empty one across from him.
“Okay?” The woman cocked her head again, her black curls falling with the motion.
John’s heart thudded in his ears again. He’s allowed to go back? Back to when Sherlock was alive? John sat up straighter in his chair. Is this real?
His therapist cocked her head at him and shifted in her seat. She doesn’t have any particular look on her face, so John feels a little bit at ease.
John promised himself that he would never again doubt who Sherlock was and his intelligent mind. He would never again question if it was all fake because it wasn’t. He just simply would not believe that
John grit his teeth, wanting to just head inside and slam the door behind him. This woman was probably just some crazy fan of Sherlock’s or something; hell-bent on some theory she had or something of the sort. He’d seen them before, but--John glanced behind him at her. She was still standing in the same spot, staring at him expectantly. John huffed out a sigh and turned again to face her.
A woman had stumbled backward with the collision as well causing her to drop her bag she’d been holding as well as a cup of coffee that went spilling across the pavement.
“Well, depending on if you accept the deal, we must prepare you for your journey to the past.”
John’s head whipped toward the common area’s main door entrance. The woman from yesterday stood there with her high heels and all. John jumped up, startled, his hand instinctively reaching behind him to the waistband of his jeans where he would usually keep his handgun.
“I should inform you that if we fail to prevent the variable, the same fate will ensue for Sherlock, thus creating this altered timeline all over again and you will have to relive the events in real-time for a second time.”
“Don’t think too hard about it,” She said, “I know it is difficult to understand, but it is easier to take my word for it.”
John walked to the room at the end of the hallway and reached out, hesitantly, for the doorknob. He hadn’t set foot in Sherlock’s room since his passing. He slowly turned the knob and opened the door. It creaked upon opening it and John’s breath hitched in his throat as he slowly stepped inside. He switched the lamp on that sat on the nightstand, washing the room in a warm glow of orange light. Everything looked exactly as Sherlock had left it. John’s heart felt heavy in his chest as he sat on Sherlock’s bed, feeling the soft comforter there. He took a moment to let his eyes drift around the room. He hadn’t been in Sherlock’s room many times, only out of respect for his privacy, but…
Thank you to everyone who has left a comment or kudos and has told me they liked my little idea of a story. I super appreciate it and it encourages me to write.
“He can’t hear nor feel you.” The woman said with a soft tone, “This is not real life, it is the memories you have retained inside your mind.”
John felt his throat tighten and he swallowed thickly as he watched the memory. The woman was quiet next to him, watching as well. John couldn’t help the tears that pricked the corners of his eyes. The woman glanced at him before directing her gaze down as she brushed invisible dust off her dress.
“If you could change the fate of Sherlock Holmes, would you or would you not?” She questioned again, her stare locked onto him. The way she said the words had John’s hair standing on end and a prickly feeling crawling up his back. He turned a little to face her fully. He searched her eyes, but he didn’t see any malice or mockery in them.
“Sherlock’s death created a huge anomaly in the system that altered the original timeline so badly that it created a separate timeline from itself, thus where we are currently.”
“P’yease,” Jawn echoed, baby-stepping fast back to his seat. “I make;d i'd!”
“That’s what I thought.” Mycroft stood with them, looking at the different tubs of ice cream and quietly deciding on his own. A youngish woman, probably late 20′s, came over and gave them a commercially-bright smile. “How can I help you gentlemen today?”
John shut his laptop forcefully and sat back in the chair. The flat was so quiet.
Yes.”
He frowned when he remembered the card in his pocket and reached for it. When he pulled it out, he gave it a once over. The card was solid black with just a mobile phone number typed neatly in white on it.
They began walking for a while through long corridors that John recognized from Bart’s hospital. They walked through another door and came back to 221B, except it looked to be like she was showing him another memory. It was a simpler memory than his first meeting with Sherlock. This memory contained a calm afternoon between Sherlock and himself. ‘Memory John’ was sitting at the table in the common area, typing away at his laptop, and ‘Memory Sherlock’ was sitting at the kitchen table creating some horrible mess of an experiment.
Sherlock’s death.”
John looked from her hand to her face. Of course, he wanted to bring Sherlock back, but what exactly was he getting himself into? Time-travel? He shook the thoughts away. He was agreeing to help bring Sherlock back and that is all that mattered. If he succeeded, he’d have his best friend back. The thought gave him the feeling of determination surging through him; he stood as well and grasped Destiny’s hand.
Lestrade came around more often, it seemed. Sometimes he would randomly pop by 221B and share a tea or something a lot stronger with John and they would chat and hang out. John knew the man was probably hurting as well and they were simply comforted by each other’s presence. They didn’t talk about Sherlock much, but it was a mutual understanding that was unspoken between them. Talking about Sherlock would bring tears and heartache to both of them and neither man knew if they were ready to show that side to one another.
Feeling a bit better after running into Lestrade, John stuffed his hands in his coat pockets. He was staring off to the right at a couple of kids who were chasing the ducks and trying to feed them. He smiled at the kids who were laughing when someone collided harshly with him. He stumbled backward a little as well as the other person and when he looked forward, seeing who it was, his eyes widened.
. Nothing that came from Sherlock was fake. Everything he did and said was logical, correct, quick, exhilarating, and most of all,
“Wait-”
“Sherlock, yes, quite the interesting man, isn’t he?”
John’s mind was spiraling, but how was it spiraling if he was inside his mind and- John touched his head, a pang of pain fleeting through it.
“My mind?” John echoed her. She hummed in response.
“To save you and others, but mostly you.” She murmured.
“It’d be easier if I just show you.”
“Close your eyes.”
“I need to sit down.” John murmured and sat down in his ‘mind’ chair that looked exactly like the chair in the flat. He put his head in his hands for a moment, trying to stop his spiraling thoughts. The woman was, thankfully, quiet for a moment.
“Yes. It somehow got a bit popular.” John smiled sadly. He had not written a thing on the blog since Sherlock’s death, nor was he thinking about it anytime soon.
The woman couldn’t help but smile before her expression turned serious again, “It means,” She paused, “No matter where you were in your life, you were destined to meet Sherlock at some point in time.”
Lestrade’s words echoed in John’s mind,
At the sound of his name, the bow on the violin stopped abruptly and the tall, slender figure turned slightly. Striking, steel blue eyes landed on John and he felt his bottom lip quiver. He couldn’t believe his eyes.
John paused and shook his head, swallowing the lump in his throat that promised him tears. All he could do was keep Sherlock’s memory alive. John exhaled shakily. He closed his eyes for a moment before he opened them again, feeling a little calmer. He was about to continue walking when he heard someone call out his name.
“No need for that.” She held her hands up, showing she was unarmed. It wasn’t like John had his handgun on him either, but it probably would have been a good idea. John’s shoulders were tense.
“You know better than anyone that it wasn’t.”
“Close your eyes.” She murmured and John did. He shut his eyes and inhaled shakily. He was nervous, beyond nervous. Hell, he’d done so many crazy things in his life from invading another country to chasing murderers throughout London, but he didn’t know what to expect from
“John,” Lestrade started again, “It isn’t your fault either. We don’t know why he did it and I’m afraid we never will, but…” He trailed off again.
John frowned, trying to wrap his head around what the hell was going on and why this woman was standing in his flat. He should kick her out and rethink this whole thing. What was he
John inhaled and exhaled again, trying to calm himself as he listened to her speak. He had no idea what being ‘time-sick’ meant, but he didn’t bother with asking. “I should also mention that we only get one shot at this. If we fail and this timeline is recreated, it must stay. There is no do-over. It is risky just doing this once.”
Sherlock’s voice rang in the back of his mind and his heart gave a small, aching pang. He didn’t know why, but he closed his eyes, however, not before giving the woman a stern and calculating look. He briefly wondered if the woman was going to rob him and run, but it quickly faded as he felt the cool touch of her fingertips against his forehead. He resisted the urge to flinch away from them.
John’s breath hitched in his throat. “So, he really is gone then?”
“If you could change what happened, would you?” The woman’s voice was suddenly serious. So serious from how she previously sounded that John turned to her in question, the door to 221B opened just a crack.
can alter a timeline?”
Anyways, I hope you enjoy it. Please leave any comments, telling me what you think, or just leave a kudos if you enjoyed reading it.
“Yeah, that isn’t confusing at all.” John snorted.
“He used to...go somewhere, right?” She tapped her temple with a painted fingernail.
“Do you know
He was dreaming. He had to be dreaming. That, or he slipped and fell, cracked his head open on a rock somewhere and was currently dying. This wasn’t possible. How could this be possible?
and that he would be with him within hours, according to Destiny. John’s breath hitched in his throat at the thought. He was going to see Sherlock again, alive and well. He was going to resolve cases with Sherlock again. The thought had John’s heart racing and he suddenly felt giddy and excited for the first time in six months. He laid back down, turning on his side, and shut his eyes. He wanted to be well-rested even though his body felt like running a mile.
Six long months since John Watson’s entire life had changed within seconds. Six long, lonely, and dark months since Sherlock had taken his own life and jumped from the roof of Bart’s. The worst part was not even knowing the real truth behind why he did it. John would never forget the words Sherlock had said to him.
“We should hang out again soon.” Lestrade said and pulled John in for a tight hug, “Call me if you need me and don't be a stranger.”
“You and Sherlock Holmes are quite a unique pair.” The woman was saying as John, astoundingly, watched himself walk by with a cane next to Mike. John’s mouth fell open. He felt like he was dead now and this was his life flashing before his eyes. The scene seemingly switched before his eyes as if he was viewing a movie. John watched as Mike and his other self walked into a lab room of Bart’s. John’s heart stopped at the person standing across the way. A mop of black curly hair. A tall, slim figure in a black suit studying something under a microscope.
John shook his head, not wanting to even be reminded of that. There was no way in hell Sherlock was working with Moriarty. He just wouldn’t believe that. Lestrade calmed for a moment and glanced at John, his brow softening as he looked at the ex-army doctor.
“Oh my, I am so sorry, here-” John bent down immediately and started collecting the contents that fell from the woman’s bag and placed them back inside before extending the bag out for her to take. “I apologize, I wasn’t watching where I was going…” John trailed off as the woman looked up at him. The only word that he could describe her as was
tied with human fate and their destiny,” She started to explain, “You see, Sherlock was not destined to die that day on the roof just as you are not destined to live on without him.”
“Yes, John.” Memory Sherlock suddenly spoke. John’s heart thudded at the sound of his voice, almost like he was answering him, but John knew that it was because Memory John had asked something. John gave a short nod and turned back to Destiny. “Alright, I’m ready.”
John felt like breaking down. His world shattered. His bottom lip quivered and he cleared his throat, not knowing what to feel at the moment. Sherlock was
“Okay, now for your questions, then I’ll get to the important part.”
“That’s the tricky part.” Destiny’s shoulders slumped a little, “The timelines get a bit muddy sometimes. There are a lot of choices made and many get jumbled up at times, so I can’t pinpoint the exact variable that changed Sherlock’s fate. It was only after his death that I noticed the split in the timeline.”
John’s sleeve was bunched up and he caught sight of his right wrist. Attached there was a simple black watch with soft, glowing white numbers. He blinked at the glowing numbers there. It reminded him of the black card with Destiny’s number on it.
John couldn’t help the small smile he gave her. “I’d love some.”
Destiny smirked. “I should also mention that
John nodded, feeling exactly like she said he would. Distantly, he could hear the rumble of London life outside the flat. He shook his head as things started to feel more grounded and not like he was floating in space. They locked eyes for a moment.
“I must do a few preparations before I can complete the sequence,” Destiny spoke, her voice serious. John didn’t respond but watched as she crouched and began to run her fingers across the floor of the room. John’s eyes widened at the sight of Destiny’s fingertips emitting a soft white glow from them. She circled around him, leaving a trail of white light searing into the floor around him.. John watched with fascination as she drew cryptic symbols he couldn’t comprehend next to the circle. They all glowed softly in the darkness of the room.
The woman smiled again, her cherry red lips glistening. They walked in silence for a while, sipping on their respective coffee and watching the cars rumble by. John was still trying to figure out when to part ways with the woman. They were nearing 221B soon. They continued in silence and it wasn’t long before John stopped in front of the black door of 221B. The woman stopped with him.
“What for?”
“Hello John Watson,” A woman spoke on the other end, “I was hoping you’d call.”
“Greg, I don’t know why Sherlock jumped off that roof, but” John swallowed thickly, “I do know that it isn’t your fault. Moriarty was...toying with us and...I guess he got to Sherlock somehow…”
and you are welcome to come up with as many crazy theories or ideas as you want, but it is
“Owwwww!” Sherlock whinged reaching back feebly to run at the sting.
"A'yyi'gader."
Sherlock gladly raises his arms and waits to be picked up and held, but he wasn't expecting it to hurt so much (he knew his chest had hurt, but how is a baby supposed to rationalize the source of comfort is going to bring the pain, too?) when Greg lifted him in his arms, and that was just the nudge his psyche needed to burst into tears. He shivered against Greg as the tension he'd been holding in his body relaxed. "G'eeeeeeeeg," he moaned, the hurt part of face brushing against Greg's chin.
John wanted to look, but he kept his eyes closed as she had instructed. “Within the next few moments, you will experience time travel. Are you ready, John?”
Hello (: So I wasn't going to post this chapter until I finished chapter 4, which I almost have done, but I thought it was beginning to take too long, so I thought I'd go ahead and post this chapter! I will admit that this chapter is a bit of a filler chapter, only because it is John going back to the past and adjusting to being there, so I apologize if there isn't much going on in this chapter.
His therapist nodded, and their session ended for the day. John didn’t feel any different from having admitted it out loud to another person. He probably guessed it was fairly clear to everyone that it was just so. There were always sympathetic stares and smiles whenever he came around anyone that knew Sherlock. He didn’t mind it.
“So,” Destiny stood abruptly and held her hand out toward John, “Do we have a deal, John Watson?”
“Can you please tell me what is going on and who the hell you are?”
The woman exhaled slowly, “My name...is Destiny.”
“I’ll answer your questions, but I want to show you something first,” She said softly, “Follow me.”
John watched the memory scene of Sherlock deducing him right before his eyes. John hadn’t thought of it as Sherlock trying to impress him before. He shook the thought away and ignored her question and instead asked, “But...why? What is the meaning behind all this? Why are you showing me this? How are you showing me this? How do you know all this?”
John stayed quiet, listening to Lestrade with interest and sympathy.
John’s jaw clenched.
“Good luck.” Destiny was grinning, he could tell by her voice and he returned it.
John didn’t want to tell his therapist about his nightly talks or prayers or whatever it is that he does when he speaks to Sherlock alone in his room at night, but during one of his weekly sessions it slipped out.
John was gritting his teeth so hard his jaw was beginning to hurt. He recognized the distinct feeling of dread. “Who the
John wanted to laugh. Who did this woman think he was? An idiot?
, John.” She was grinning like a child that was just given a lollipop.
“You too.” John pats Lestrade’s back before they pulled apart and parted ways.
The day continued without much excitement. There had been no excitement in John’s life since Sherlock died, but the current days were beginning to feel longer and longer. John tried to keep himself busy, but it was tough, especially surrounded by everything that reminded him of the detective.
He pressed the call button and put the phone up to his ear. It rang and his heart pounded loudly. The ringing ended-
“Oh God yes.” John admitted, his vision blurring with the tears, “I miss him so damn much. I would do...
“Why didn’t you just talk to me?” John questioned, his voice soft and on the verge of cracking, “We...we could have worked something out...I mean…” and then his voice would trail off and tears would slip down his cheeks. John never thought he would cry so much in his life than he had in the past six months.
John had called the number on the card and spoke to the mysterious woman. She said nothing about Sherlock nor about bringing him back. John had tried to ask her questions, but she wouldn’t answer them. The only thing she told him was that she wanted to meet with him tomorrow afternoon.
“How did you get in here?” He questioned, surprising himself. He hadn’t even heard the door downstairs unlock nor open.
“And…” Lestrade paused, his gaze looking out at the park, “it’s like...he never even existed.”
“What do you mean?” John looked at Lestrade.
“I know.” John spoke softly, “I...feel the same. I...find myself waiting for him to come home sometimes…”
Destiny lowered her chin, “In this
John stared at it, trying to understand why the woman (well he assumed it was her) had given it to him. She clearly wasn’t interested in dating him, or at least, he didn’t think so. She’d been so
“Greg? What are you doing here?”
John shifted his weight from one foot to the other, feeling uncomfortable as she waited for him to answer. “Yes, he called it his…” He paused, thinking, “His mind palace or something?”
“Well, I made some extra biscuits-”
Destiny was quiet for a moment, but when she spoke, John could hear a smile in her voice, “Most definitely. You won’t be alone in this.”
John didn’t know when he’d fallen asleep, but somehow, he had closed his eyes and fell asleep on Sherlock’s bed, next to the violin. He eventually woke to the sun shining through the crack in the curtains and sat up, dazed. Birds chirped outside the window and he could faintly hear the sounds of London traffic. John reached for his phone and checked the time. He blinked wearily at it. It was just past noon.
There were so many nights where John would sit on his bed and stare at the handgun he kept at his bedside and contemplate if he would see his best friend again if he just pulled the trigger. If pulling the trigger would stop the tears flowing down his cheeks and stop the pain slowly eating away at his heart. But, then he would set the gun aside and weep into his palms until he fell asleep on a tear-stained pillow.
“And what do you talk to him about?” Her brow creases and John knows that she is feeling sympathetic to him. He doesn’t mind it. However, it felt like a violation to tell her what he talks to Sherlock about. It was between him and Sherlock. Not her.
“Is this some sort of joke?” He broke the silence between them. The woman snorted out a laugh and John felt even more of a fool.
John looked at the black card.
Lestrade clenched his fists for a second, “Can you believe the media was calling it a suicide pact between that manic and Sherlock? Makes me sick.”
“Why…?” John questioned, quietly, his voice just barely above a whisper. He found he was afraid to hear the answer. Destiny stared at him for a solid moment, searching his eyes once more.
John regularly saw a therapist. He needed to. For his own sake. She helped him a bit. Helped him think clearly when things became too much at times. He saw her weekly; every Tuesday at ten in the morning. It was a nice routine he had become accustomed to. It helped him get through the week and through the days that seemed to go on and on and on. Seeing a therapist helped him get through the bad days and,
John blinked, his gaze shifting to Memory Sherlock once more. The memory he was witnessing seemed so long ago. The ‘Memory John’ standing across from him didn’t even feel like him, but a completely different person than who he was now. This ‘memory John’ had no idea what kind of pain he was in for, what kind of grief. John resisted a shiver that traveled down his spine.
The woman smiled and it was interesting because John could have sworn he saw a glint in her eye that he couldn’t quite place, but perhaps it was the trick of the light. She held her hand out for him to shake, “It’s nice to meet you, John Watson.”
“Yes. With your help, we can bring Sherlock back and prevent his untimely death.”
“Yes, John Watson, I swear I’ve heard it somewhere before. Have you been on the news or something lately? Or maybe something I’ve seen on the web?” The woman pondered, not so much directing the questions at him. John hesitated for a moment before saying,
“Well, a few.” It felt like he had a million. Destiny glanced at the chair which John had deemed as Sherlock’s and then looked to him as if asking permission to sit there. John nodded slowly, gesturing to the chair. Destiny sat delicately and faced him.
“Yes, very dreadful.” He murmured in response, his voice tight.
“I think I’m going to be sick.” He admitted.
“Can you tell me how it works?”
When she finished, she stood up straight and stepped up to John. She was only slightly shorter than him, but in her heels, she reached about his height. She looked into his eyes as if searching for something. Doubt maybe? Second thoughts? Well, she wouldn’t find any. Seeming satisfied, she reached her hand up and lightly touched his forehead.
“In simpler terms, you will have all the knowledge you contain now, that means you will know how every case goes if you remember them fully, you will know Sherlock’s death is approaching, you will have the knowledge that you have experienced up until this point, but as John Watson in the past. You will most likely experience an insane amount of, as you humans call it, Deja Vu.”
“You have questions.” She stated and it reminded him of the way Sherlock had said that to him on the way to his very first case with him.
John opened his eyes. They were standing in the middle of 221B. John frowned in confusion. This lady was making a fool out of him, wasn’t she? He sure felt like one. But, hadn’t he been sitting? He didn’t remember standing up. John glanced around, everything looked the same and felt the same.
The woman pressed her lips together and then asked, “Can we sit?”
“So, who are you? What do you do? You said you were being bound to the fate of humanity or something?”
“Thank you, you’re too kind, but you don’t have to. It's no big deal, really."
“We’re in your
“I knew Sherlock for a very long time.”
“Shit,” John muttered, touching his forehead in disbelief.
“Unfortunately. He killed himself right before Sherlock threw himself from the roof.”
Silence washed over the room briefly before John whispered the dreadful name, “Moriarty, you mean.”
“We have to figure out what caused Sherlock’s fate to alter and prevent it at all costs.”
“Then we won’t fail.”
“Show me what?”
“I don’t know anything about an afterlife...or if he hears me...but...I just do it.”
“Don’t you just wish you could change what happened?”
“Right.” He mumbled. That did make perfect sense, “So, how am I supposed to figure it out if you can’t, Miss Being of Destiny?”
The woman seemed hesitant suddenly. “I fear you won’t believe me. You, humans, are so skeptical of everything.”
“213 days, 24 hours, 59 minutes, and 58 seconds,” John mumbled to himself. “Interesting.” He huffed out a laugh in disbelief. He made it.
“I apologize. It is a bit much to take in and it’s only going to get worse.” She said with an apologetic expression crossing her beautiful features.
A light came on behind the woman’s eyes; she looked to him. “John Watson. Yes, now I remember. You write a blog about that consulting detective, oh!” She smiled, but then it quickly faltered and she glanced away with a look in her eyes. “I’m sorry-”
“So, what do we do now?”
She smiled coyly, “I’ll give you a hint. Remember what Sherlock used to do to figure things out?”
Destiny placed her hands in her lap, “Yes, more or less. I oversee destiny and the fate of humankind to put it simply. Hence my name. I ensure that people’s destinies are fulfilled and aim to study anomalies in the system unless they deviate to the point of creating another timeline that is not supposed to exist, which has never happened...
That made John feel a bit better. “I’m ready.”
“Well, I should get going. It was nice catching up again.” John stood as well and nodded.
“Just let me…” John felt a little embarrassed, but he stepped passed her and over to Memory Sherlock sitting at the table. Destiny watched from her spot near the door, a curious tilt to her head.
“Morning, John.” Sherlock’s deep baritone voice struck a chord in John and he felt tears prick his eyes. “John?” There was confusion and perhaps a hint of concern in that deep voice following after his morning greeting, but John couldn’t tell because it was only a matter of seconds until he realized something was acutely wrong with him. Probably another side-effect, he knew, but it was all too much. John’s vision wavered as Sherlock’s figure blurred and suddenly he was tipping sideways, falling to the floor.
When she hung up abruptly, John felt like an idiot. He stared at his phone in disbelief. This lady had to be playing him somehow, he just didn’t know how.
“For example, if you had chosen to take a cab ride home from your therapy appointment during your first few days back in London from Afghanistan, you would not have run into Mike in the park, therefore missing the opportunity to meet Sherlock at that point. Thus, your timeline would have altered slightly and you would have eventually met Sherlock at the bank unless another choice would deter the course of your meeting.”
“You will experience a lot of things at once,” Destiny’s voice was calming in the quiet of the room, “When you arrive in the past, you will most likely feel the side-effects of traveling through time, which are dizziness, deja vu, nausea, and most of all, exhaustion. This will take a pretty big toll on your body and you will be
While the kettle was boiling the water, John raced upstairs and changed out of the clothes he slept in and into fresh clean ones. He didn’t bother to comb his hair and thought he could go another day without a shave. It wasn’t long before the kettle was screeching at him and he was back downstairs pouring a mug of black tea for himself. He sighed into the warm cup and took a sip, letting the hot liquid warm his stomach.
“What’s wrong?”
“Can’t tell what?” John stared at her, a clear frown on his face and his annoyance showing. He was not enjoying this little joke or game or whatever it was that she was doing.
“Oh John, I was just about to come up to see you!” She exclaimed, a sweet smile gracing her features. John mindlessly stuffed the card into his coat pocket.
John stood awkwardly in the middle of the room, feeling unsure and a bit on edge. He didn’t know who this woman was or what her angle was either. He kept his guard up, “So who are you?” He questioned, ignoring her comment about Sherlock.
John didn’t know when he had fallen asleep, but he was soon woken by someone gently shaking him. He jolted, startled from his sleep. Through the darkness of the room, his eyes adjusted to see a familiar face there. Destiny’s eyes pierced him through the darkness of the room.
” with Sherlock. Without him, John’s life was mundane and dull. John even feared his psychosomatic limp would return along with the tremble in his hand. Luckily, that hadn’t happened yet. Perhaps, his thoughts were too focused on Sherlock and getting through the days to be reminded to have a limp.
That caught John’s attention and he finally pulled his gaze from Memory Sherlock and to the woman and her strange eyes. “I still don’t understand.” He repeated.
“Hm,” John hummed, “You keep saying another timeline…”
“I’m allowed to do that?” John raised a questioning eyebrow. Destiny chuckled and nodded. John thought about it for a moment, “My laptop?”
"Quit stating so loudly!"
"You're going to turn into a cupcake."
“His hands were covered in soap, and he decided to suck his thumb before I could clean them. He soaped his own mouth this time,” Mycroft said, drawing Sherlock into a hug and a quick kiss on the forehead before turning him back to the door. “And now, he has a mess to clean up while Jawn gets a treat.”
“Oh look! We’re here! Thank the bloody lord!!!” Mycroft practically shoving both little boys in the door of the ice cream parlour.
Mycroft picked up the bag, wincing at the loud crinkling in the otherwise quiet room. “Perhaps compared to your nappies, that comes off as white noise," he whispered to himself as he headed into the kitchen. He opened the fridge and startled--Jeffrey the dinosaur was sitting on the top shelf staring at him, spikey tail still wrapped in an Elmo plaster. “How did I not see you all afternoon?!” Mycroft said, thinking back over all the times he’d opened the fridge.
"Yes, we've been having a lot of those lately." Mycroft put a bowl of soup in front of her. The bowl was ceramic, but had a pretty flowered design along the edge.
“Noooooooooooo, good! Be good! P'mise!”
"Which ever one you choose will make our faeries very happy. Though I'm partial to the ones where all the flowers aren't purple," Mycroft pointed at a Hyacinth with a smattering of white flowers.
"Empty threats," Sherlock sniffed. "You're still in a nurturing mood."
There were three loud claps as Mycroft swung his arm and cracked his hand across Greg's backside, making him yelp and dance away. "I said I was sorry!" he protested, reaching back to rub.
"Course." Greg slid off the bed and scooted his bum across the carpet. "Here, they're getting stuck on the one Molly would like to play with anyways." Greg carefully removed a few rings, hushing Sherlock when he started to whinge; "We'll put 'em right back. Hold on!"
After rinsing the bottom of the tub free of leftover suds and grass blades, Greg followed Sherlock and found him already sitting on the changing table like a little monk, with his towel shrouded around him.
"Dinner's planned. Why did they have to dry off Baxter?"
"Glowy Baxter must have been great for adventuring."
"...No."
"I like those pastel ones myself. Won't take away from the colorful flowers."
"I dun' f'ink so," Sherlock moaned.
"Ra'ds are a'yot y'ike dogs. They can y'earn tri'gs!"
"Make sure our frosting tastes perfect before it goes on our cakes."
"Shall I tell you a story?"
"OH! That would be terrific to capture with this lens!" Sherlock grinned like a fiend.
"Oh, that's nice....what colors did you make?" Greg asked, trying to keep the little one talking while he gently dabbed a washcloth around his sunburned shoulders.
"Did Gregory forget to add bubbles. He's going to fix that right now."
“Perfect.” Mycroft rolled up his sleeves and began to rummage through the cupboards for ingredients.
Much to Mycroft's surprise, Sherlock was still on the bench where he'd been left, talking softly to the flowers; "... an' Hu'k F'yower gunna y'ive at my house. So Jawn can ha'b g'een f'yower. And a res' can y'ive wif' G'eg and My'coff."
"No, love," Sherlock said, reaching an arm out for Jawn. "Not 'Sher'yock' at the moment."
Mycroft handed him three separate remotes. "Find something decent to watch," he said, then patted Greg's knee before leaving the room in search of a dry nappy.
"That's some selective memory you've got there," Greg said.
“I can help,” Sherlock looked around quickly for something to do..."Plates!”
A little of the tension left Jawn’s shoulders, and they sagged with relief. But as soon as he seemed to be settling, the little Captain puffed up again; “Why do you think no one would look twice at my bum?”
"What?"
"Col' wa'der."
Sherlock pouted at him. "Awww...."
“Yes, then you get a prize.”
"Everyone's having a lot of feelings tonight. And that's quite alright. It's been a tough day."
"They do make edible glitter, Gregory."
"You."
Sherlock blinked wet eyes at him, but kept quiet.
"Bu'd they's fren's. They ha'b to go toge'ver."
“I can’t stay with Sherlock?” Jawn asked, staring down at where his and Sherlock’s hands were joined.
Jawn glowed under such high praise. “He’s already in the biggest box in the flat. And he’s not allowed to touch the microscope when he’s little. He made that rule himself.”
Greg wrapped his arms around himself laughing. "Whoooooo! Who is that beautiful baby?!?"
Greg snorted. "Real appropriate dinner conversation, love."
after the day they’d had), Mycroft could have threatened his little brother again. He could have swatted him again. He could have raised his voice again.
Greg looked down at Sherlock; "Will you eat your pasta if I warm it up?"
"Because," Greg tucked a blanket around him. "Then I'd be too dizzy to take care of you."
Sherlock sat up, pouting. '"Bu'd I yu'b her!"
"In order to be obnoxious? Yes, you would have," Mycroft said dryly.
"Poor love. Yeah, let's go get you dinner."
“Because you…you both…” Sherlock gave up and pressed his lips together tightly. He hunched closer, burying his face in Mycroft’s shoulder.
The noise stopped immediately, and Mycroft slowly uncovered his ears.
"Naw so ba'," Jawn poked at his elbow, trying like hell not to wince. "I okay. I dun' nee' it. F'ank you."
"You used up all your princes plasters the last time you and Matilda played in the garden, remember?"
Sherlock laid the worm on the edge of his cup, then stared at his spoon. “…You do it?” he asked innocently, and Mycroft had a difficult time saying ‘no’.
"Care'bul!!!" Jawn whispered harshly.
Sherlock snuffled and rubbed his wet cheeks against Greg's shirt as he readied himself to go to sleep, then turned to look at his brother at the sound of his voice...and instantly perked up at the sight of his phone. "I see?" he asked, lifting his head and reaching for it. "I see, My'coff? P'ease?!"
Mycroft set the cups on the bench next to Sherlock. "Would you like to do the food coloring?"
Jawn scowled at Sherlock. “Of course you used all the Iron Man plasters.”
"Very nice," Mycroft told him, unzipping the back on Molly's gown. "Once Molly is dressed you can both stomp down the catwalk."
“No co’doring. Can play?”
"I know, baby, but he likes playing in the water barrel." Greg walked back to the corner of the greenhouse, though it was already very apparent that Jawn wasn't in there.
"...Are we talking about real worms, or did I miss something."
Mycroft took his hand and kissed his fingers. "Not right now," he said, making the baby pout.
"I suppose. Can ya' try and tell it anyways?"
"Plenty of time for one last ice lolly, then a bath."
"Just water?"
"I know," Greg moved carefully into the kitchen, nudging antacids out of the way with his foot. "He's very bright and we will take care of him, even if he's not in our house."
"I y'ike i'd."
Sherlock propped his chin on Jawn's shoulder and huffed into his ear. “I want Thai.”
Jawn chewed his lip as he took in Sherlock’s sniffly face. “In trouble?”
Mycroft turned back to the counter and rolled his eyes while shaking his head. '
"Can I have sauce, too?"
"Use your sharp eyes. Did we get all the shell?" Mycroft held the bowl out and Sherlock nearly touched his nose the the rim to examine the eggs. "I f'ink so."
"B'ani'yya," Sherlock pouted, accepting the cap from Mycroft and pouring it into the frosting. "No mo' c'yothes y'a'der?"
"I tried to keep them apart from the first day. The heart wants what it wants. Even if it's ill advised and dangerous."
"What?!?"
"No'd g'een."
With a beautiful pout he began to collect his favorite toys from the toy basket, putting them in a shopping bag Grammy had found. Mrs. Hudson added his cup, some nappies, and a dummy to the bag before handing it to Sherlock to carry. “You are such a good helper.” Despite his sads, Sherlock preened under the praise. He was a good helper.
"You have to get up off the floor if you want to make frosting, sweetheart."
Well, that was a disaster waiting to happen. “No, no pink teeth,” Mycroft said, taking him around the waist and sitting him back down on his bottom.
“Y’ah!”
“I-I know that. I need-Christ, I don’t even know what I need!” Sherlock scrubbed at his face, barely containing a yelp when his hand rucked over his stitches. “I’m going home. And I’ll decide...”
Mycroft rolled his eyes. "It's
“And love ya’.”
Sherlock frowned as he stooped below the kitchen table to collect the bottle.
"Hm. But does it feel funny? Or 'fuzzy', rather? Like it's been wrapped in cotton?"
"Mmm. I'll wake up with him, since you did this morning."
“My eyeb'aw’s!”
"That's not for you," he said in response to the pissed-off squawking that followed. "Once again, Uncle Gregory was wrong in his assessment."
"As I've been saving for years."
Sherlock stuck two of his fingers in his mouth and nodded; "O'gay," he mumbled, and turned back to the stairs.
“What on Earth…”
"G'eg! I say'd f'ank'oo!"
"I, I d-don' kn-kno-ow," Sherlock cried.
"Tha's i'd," Sherlock babbled around the spout of his cup, and grinned at Greg with a big, cheesy smile.
"Her'bees?"
He shook his head as he walked out of the nursery. “Bedtime is going to be a nightmare.”
“Jawn, come sit near me, lad. Your frogs are waiting.”
"In fact, it is
"I'm guessing they have just enough room in their belly's for a cupcake?"
Congratulating himself on being brilliant, Sherlock spared one more glare at the crib before he made his way down the hall. He was through the kitchen and on the landing before Daddy noticed him. “Little man, where do you think you’re going?” Daddy didn’t sound amused.
"You said you were still hungry, remember?"
Sherlock wrinkled his nose at Greg. "I'm g'yi'dder!"
Mycroft murmured softly, and made to stand up. “Tea, did you say?”
"You are if you're a muffin."
"No. I ea'ded enou'f. Tha's all."
“Well, that doesn’t sound like a good idea in the slightest.”
John was done quickly, and started raking the cloth down Sherlock’s legs. “Not just yet though, you’re still little enough for now,” John told him, though it was true. Sherlock was long and lanky, and this standard tub did not fit him very well. Nothing could really be done about it. Remodeling the bathroom of the flat was not really an option.
"Yea! A sho'b fa' ca'ge!"
"Y'ah, you call me!"
Sherlock stopped; “Shade...shady.” His eyes lit on the wheelbarrow. Greg had let them take turns riding in it that morning and now...now it was turned over, half propped against a huge terra-cotta pot.
Sherlock looked up, excited; "Choco'yate p'bu'dder cu'beca'ges!"
Except when he does.
“Even if it was an Elmo plaster?” Sherlock offered, looking stricken.
Greg saw that neither of the boys were fully dressed. Nor were either of them in nappies. Which meant they both went little around the same time, which
Sherlock hated this part the most. He had a very strict routine on how he liked to wash his hair. He had been very adamant with John about it, and while John had never once messed it up, he still cringed at the possibility. Sherlock tilted his head back and closed his eyes, ready for John to wet his hair.
Greg made a face at him. "Bit anticlimactic, Myc."
“Then why his thumb tas’ soap?” Jawn piped in.
“My'coff, I pick one!”
"Right, good on y'ah for remembering that." While Sherlock stood in front of the changing table, Greg took his towel and began to pat and rub him dry. "But if you're gon'na help make cupcakes, you're going to be around the oven. Plus, it's just better to be dressed in the kitchen, anyway."
"You are soooo right, I should be listening better." Greg tucked in the blankets around him and kissed the top of his head.
Sherlock looked between the two of them with big, wide eyes. "Why My'coff yelled?" he asked.
“Jawn…Jawn, come talk to Sherlock; see how fast you can get a smile from him.”
"Shhhhh, you're only tired and wet, monkey...you'll feel better with a dry bottom."
"Ooooohhh. We don't need directions, Greg will figure it out."
"Don't we always?" Greg sat up slowly, trying not to disturb the mattress and, coincidentally, his boyfriend. "Do you need a dry bum first?"
"Tired baby," Greg tutted, while trying not to groan as he stood up (although it probably would have drowned out the creaking sounds from both knees) and took Sherlock's hands "And so thoughtful."
Sherlock pouted; adding the glitter was s'posed to be the best part.
Sherlock scrunched his shoulder. "G'eg is'sa bra'd."
“No. Jawn is not bad. However, Jawn has had very naughty behavior.”
"Shh, sure you do." Greg carried him out of the room, motioning for Mycroft to follow.
“But what does that mean?!” Sherlock whinged, hopping along behind Mycroft and putting his hands on his big brother’s shoulders like a game of leap-frog.
Jawn stared at his feet and nudged at the carpet with his toes, before look up at Mycroft through a wave of dirty-blond hair. “…Can I still pick?” he asked hopefully.
"Choc'yate actually does help relieve pain a little. Is science," she said.
The accompanying giggle did not bode well.
telling the truth...technically. It hadn't been five minutes...it had been ten. But Jawn didn't need to know that. "I'll let you know when it's been five minutes. Go play with Sherlock, baby...look, he's got a fantastic sand castle going!"
He sniffled pitifully before nodding, surreptitiously wiping his eyes on her apron.
"Yes, you do," Mycroft said through clenched teeth as he carried in two large bags, with a smaller third one hanging from his mouth.
Sherlock regarded his brother warily, and then sighed; "Fine. One cup."
"And wine."
"Ho'e?"
Jawn’s mouth opened in an ‘O’ of surprise and Mycroft raised an eyebrow, but stayed the part of the silent observer…at least for now. “No I don’t!”
"Even if we let you pick the story?"
"What else do you think we'll need?"
“Up, boy!” John laces his fingers in those beautiful, sweaty curls and gently jerks Sherlock’s head up. He maneuvers Sherlock into place, his lovely mouth hovering just above John’s cock.
"I c'n ha'b a dress, an' a hat, an' a diamonds, an' g'yoves?" Molly ticked off her dream list on her fingers.
They went down the stairs carefully and into the kitchen.
“A’cause why, My?”
"I y'am 'gain!" Sherlock called back as Mycroft tugged him out of the room, his nappy making his bum sway with each step.
"...Where
Both bubs were sound asleep byt the time Mycroft wrapped his arms around them both.
"We'll discuss that later. Preferably once his kidney's aren't in danger of failing."
“Yeah! There’s a Captain there, too!”
That desire for closeness to John has been the cornerstone of their entire relationship.
"You know, before today I didn't know fairies liked to live in plants? Though I guess it makes sense. Maybe we can build a faerie garden."
"I kind of want to see how it ends."
“That’s wonderful. Bring them with you.”
“What shall the hedgie’s name be then, Pet?”
How could he possibly stay the right amount of stern, when met with a little face like
"Terrific work. Put the sifter in the sink, and I'll get a bowl you can crack the eggs into."
"Look again."
“Nuh’uh, you don’!” Sherlock tried to sit up and glare at Jawn accusingly, but the grip Mycroft’s hand had on his hair made him reconsider. “Jawn doesn’t c’ean!” he insisted as he glared up at his brother instead.
"It looks mauve to me."
"In fact, my treat for you is terribly dull in comparison." John relaxed his hold and continued to drop an occasional kiss on the boys face. "Would you like it anyways? Or shall I return it to the shop in shame?"
Mycroft closed the toilet seat and sat down on the lid, then carefully lifted Sherlock into his lap. "Here, open up...such a good boy," he said, putting one pill in Sherlock's mouth before handing him his cup. "Swallow that one first, there you go."
Jawn huffed and tried to wiggle away as Mycroft rubbed a dollop of shampoo into his short hair. “No, My'coff! Got'ta cons'trate!”
"Bu'd I hear you sing a'fore," Sherlock patted his bib. "P'yease? I'sh for my bir'fday."
"Of course." Greg put a easy hand on the baby's lower back and led him out of the nursery. "You and me, we stick together, muffin."
“Mo’bsy.”
Sherlock gave him a faint, watery smile. "Nuh-uh."
“Well…” Jawn rocked on his heels, staring hard at the floor. “I don’t think he left the sitting room at all. We’d have noticed. And most of the toys at the top of the bin are soft, though that wasn’t true before…”
"I wanna go too."
“Never mind a yacht. I’m getting your Nana her own tropical island.”
“Yes, please. Thank you.”
"'There are no more tea roses in the entire field,' the fairy said sadly, her anger finally slipping."
"Okay, where is Jawn right now?"
"Is boo'tiful. C'n ha'b tha'd one?"
"On'yee fros'ing! No mo' noo'les."
"No, no...he's not gone, love," Greg said quickly, much for his own sake as it was for Sherlock's. "He's just...not answering? JAWN HAMISH! THIS GAME IS OVER!"
“I don’t want a rule I know I’m going to break.”
“Lover? Paramour? Life partner?” Mycroft set the cup of tea on the coffee table.
"Yes." Mycroft shifted them so he could pat the back of Sherlocks' nappy. "Admittedly, we both are."
"Pick some for Jawn too, please?" Greg grunted as he held Jawn's waist and taped one side of his nappy.
"We'll have some more medicine when we go downstairs."
"Traitor," Greg told the sleeping baby. "Can you use your magical powers and find out what his doctors said?"
"B'ery care'bul!" Sherlock replied and set off stomping towards the flower beds in his wellies.
"Mycroft's g'unna have a fit that you don't have socks on."
Greg looked down at Sherlock as well, and tipped his head to the side, thinking. "...Bring me a clean nappy. And a washcloth. We'll just wipe him down best we can right here."
"Jawn...wake up, monkey." Greg nudged his knee. “It's almost time for pizza."
"Is it in the telescope?"
"Yes, but we were outside. We wear clothes in this kitchen."
Sherlock fussed, spitting out his bottle; "S'obb'id!" He pushed at Mycroft's hand weakly.
"Shhhhhh, I know what you meant." Mycroft smiled and sat down near the bed. "Close your eyes," he whispered, and started to pat Jawns' bottom.
"G'eg? G'eg'ry?" G'eg'ry wasn't in the nursery.
"We told you," Mycroft said coolly; "That one was unfortunately lost."
"Sometimes."
"Hm...I think we're out of sprinkles."
Mycroft and Greg cheered Sherlock through filling the other ten cups. "Last one!"
"My'coff y'ittle han's too?"
Sherlock glances down at his hand as it trails down his chest and stomach, past his twitching erection and just as they are about to find purchase at his opening there is a terrible growl from across the room, "Don't even think about it."
"Tha'ds they legs," Sherlock replied, taking a large bite of Peanuts' cupcake.
"Do we haf'ta move 'im? Can't you just change him like this?"
"We're not going to use the hose," Greg sighed and batted Sherlock's hands out of the way while he figured out the best way to go about this. "You stay right here," he said, pointing a finger in Sherlock's face and using his 'Greg-is-serious' voice.
"But I'm distressed ‘cause he abandoned me. Chips’ll make me feel better."
"Just put on a dress, Gregory. I'll let you select mine."
"Nex' one!"
"Very good. Can you sit very, very still and watch the mixer while I go get it?"
Sherlock huffed a laugh and wrapped long arms around his little friend; even when he was being mean, Jawn always tried to help him.
"I drank all mines," Jawn announced hopping around them to pick up the dribbling sippy cup. “Yuck!” John exclaimed, holding the cup at arm’s length.
"Ge'dding san' for my house."
"Ahhh, I must've blocked it. So sad what happened to that DVD."
"I yelled."
"Awwww!"
“Mint!”
Mycroft rolled his eyes and used a bit of roll to sop up the last of the dressing from his plate.
Sherlock scrunched his shoulder; "Don' do tha'd, G'eg."
"Why did I think soup would be a good idea?" Mycroft watched as Molly slurped her soup, some of it already dripping down the front of her jumper.
John also knew the next few points he needed to make were likely to send the boy into a full out strop, so he wrapped his free arm around his waist to keep him planted on his thighs.
hit it."
"Th'poon fa' G'eg," Sherlock nodded, getting a teaspoon out of the silverware drawer.
Both Greg and Mycroft clapped and hooted. Sherlock startled for a moment before ducking his head bashfully.
“Yes, My’coff.” The little boys echoed in unison.
Christ, Sherlock should
“Jeffrey.”
"Of course. My apologies, I intended to offer and forgot."
"Been in the hospital what, two days? And then out two days? No, most likely not," Molly said, her lips drawn into a thin line and her brow creased with worry. "That's going to be the part that gets worse before it gets better. I can bring you some methadone if you need it..."
"Don't celebrate just yet," Mycroft said, dryly. "Wait until bedtime."
Still incredulous, Greg eased an arm under Sherlock's knees, then stood as Mycroft passed his little brother off to him fully.
The entire floor of this flat was just going to cave in one day; he’d be willing to bet money on it.
"Yay!" The prospect of finally getting his big bowl of chocolate cereal made the baby so happy that he went to clap as he cheered, just like his Greg had done...and let his big, metal bowl fall to the floor with an earsplitting crash that echoed off the walls and practically shook the floor. A pained look crossed Sherlock's face as he covered his ears, and looked up at Greg; "...Oo'bs."
"Nooooooo, G'eg!"
Sherlock murmured but, just as Mycroft said, didn't stir any further.
"All done!" Greg cheered as Mycroft let go of the baby.
"At least it's not liquid."
"I do'nah be'yeeve i'd!" Sherlock wailed.
“The promise that this trip out won’t end like the last one. I need both of you to listen and OBEY me this time, or I’m not waiting to get back to the flat to turn a bum over my knee again.”
"When you live with an intelligent little boy, you have to learn to do quick detective work," John explains, laying the paper on his lap to meet Sherlock's eyes. "Aren't you supposed to be in bed?"
“He earned it. It made him respect you.” Sherlock fiddled with the tie on his robe; “We had a good time.”
Sherlock had gone back to concentrating on the movie; "P'inger?" Sherlock tapped a finger against Mycroft's chest.
"Alright. Let's fill your pot with dirt-"
Mycroft rubbed Sherlock’s back absently and began to hum.
"Understandable. Luckily we have 200 of the damn things so you'll have your pick."
Sherlock finally tore his gaze away from the pictures on the box and looked up at them, beaming, with a hint of boyish glee back in his eyes. "Yeah!"
"I y'ike bubb'as."
Jawn suck on the tip of his finger. "Wi'sh one?" he repeated.
"And you're an enabler."
"I was just telling Sherlock about his presents," Mycroft said.
"Come on then. The blobby cupcakes need to go in the oven so we can use the bowl to make frosting."
"Pet, we've discussed this," John paused squinting at the wall counting silently, "six times in the last two days alone."
Sherlock looked at him bug-eyed and nodded his head slowly.
Sherlock wrinkled his nose at his brother. "You funn'ee," he said, sucking on another finger.
“Well, I wasn’t done with it yet.”
Mycroft watched him with a raised eyebrow…now that little Jawn was comfortable enough around him, that ugly little temper was rearing its head. He anticipated a door being slammed and covered Sherlock’s ears, but it never came.
"You are a sock-losing magician." Greg eased the second boot over Sherlock's long foot. "I don't think we have a single set we started with."
"And you shake it all about."
"Y'ike wha'd?"
“That’s what happens when you stir it,” Mycroft said, finally taking the first bite of his own treat. “Try it again, it’s even better this way; it won’t freeze your teeth now.”
It all happened so quickly...Sherlock was already in the hospital, so they rushed him into a room straightaway adn the guard was posted before Greg could even get his jacket on. And then Culverton...
“Wor’s,” Jawn agreed around his dummy, surreptitiously found amongst the bedding.
Sherlock was giggling now; "I'm no'd
Jawn blinked up at him, but the angelic affect he was hoping to achieve wasn’t quite as effective when he was coated in rapidly drying tomato paste.
"Alright. Let's see if that helped." Mycroft took the flannel off Sherlocks' face and carefully pulled at the edge of the plaster. Luckily, it was damp and pre-loosened from a day of wear and it peeled off without much resistance...but Sherlock still squealed as if he was being skinned.
Sherlock tucked his thumb in his mouth and looked longingly down the stairs...then sighed as well, and reached for Greg's hand.
John chuckled. “Oh really?”
"It's good for people who aren't feeling well." Greg held his spoon to Sherlock's lips, but the baby turned his head. "Aw, c'mon, muffin...it's really good!"
"One track mind, huh?"
"Tha's n'ah a fun game, gotta get mo'."
"Wait. What? Muffin! They didn't make fish sauce with your bathtoys!"
"I y'ooooove di'mon's!!!" Molly pulled the lid off the box and gasped. The sunlight from the window had hit the costume jewelry just right and it made for a dazzling effect. "Is wor'f mi'yyions of poun's!"
Mycroft placed his bowl of soup beside Greg's and then set the plate of hot sandwiches in the middle of the table, where everyone could reach. "Try it, sweetheart. Just one bite for your Uncle and I?"
"I dun' wan'nid, no fank'oo."
“How could you possibly-“
"Gregory will be back shortly. He went to get us more lollies."
“The creases on your brow suggest otherwise, dear.”
"Why does this sound like it's getting expensive?"
"Greg is not spinning in circles."
"I do!"
"Pus' bu'ddon," Sherlock put Greg's finger on the button; "An' sh'ange pi'gture."
"I nee' i'd, G'eeeeeeeg!"
"My'cobb ta'ge them."
"Y'ah," Jawn mumbled, his mouth and hands covered in melted chocolate and cookie crumbs.
Greg gaped up at the window to Mycroft's office, where the elder Holmes had opted to stay inside (and YES, Jawn had indeed pointed out was unfair...many, many, many times). "And just how far does this perimeter alarm go???" he barked.
“Baby, Daddy put together the crib Mycroft brought for you so that you could sleep in it.”
"Y'ah. P'yitty."
"It won't take as long as you think." Greg settled the bib around Sherlock's neck, and gave his bum a playful pinch. "You have to sit in your booster for dinner, little man."
"Yuh'huh!"
Mycroft unsnapped Jawn's onesie and set about getting him cleaned up. "You are so, so, so very tired, dear heart."
"You hit me!"
"G'eg say'ed py'ay-doh," Sherlock mumbled.
Mycroft grimaced at the tears suddenly streaming down John’s cheeks. “Will a plaster fix it?”
"And I got to pat a goat and a lamb! And there were lots of bunnies, but they didn't glow in the dark. I inves'agated a bunny that glowed in the dark, his name was Bluebell." Sherlock paused and made a face.
Mycroft showed him the box of decorated bandages. "Look," he said, keeping his voice low and soft. "Do you want to pick out your new one?"
"I don' nee' a sh'ange, My'cobb."
It was there that he stopped, and looked around. He knew Mycroft had left them down here; he just couldn't remember
"Swee'd'bee?" Sherlock cooed, batting his eyelashes at Greg.
"Sure," Greg handed Sherlock the remote. "Queue us up something on Netflix."
Jawn stopped trying to yank out of Mycroft’s grip, and let the man pull him back to him. “They don’t?”
"And you had enough batter and frosting to make a whole 'nother cupcake."
"I nee' y'ots," Sherlock pouted as glitter fell daintily out of the tube.
"Poor starved little thing."
Mycroft turned away from the stove and gave Molly a pleasant smile. "Aren't you glad you joined us?"
"Sure. Would you like blueberries?" Greg asked as he filled a purple sippy cup with cold water.
"I w-wan'd Bum'bah," Sherlock hiccupped.
"None of that then" John says, adjusting Sherlock's position so that his straining cock is caught neatly between John's thighs. And then John begins to spank in earnest.
"Yes. You are," Greg put a smooch on his neck making him giggle.
"Sherlock is a bay-bee," Mycroft sang back, squeezing lotion out into his hands and then rubbing them together to make sure it was warm.
"You can keep wearing your dress, but we need to put away everything else."
"Ya'bender."
"Thank you." Greg got up to fetch the sugar bowl and a spoon.
Greg caught a very dirty little fist before Jawn could scrub his eyes with it. "We made a deal. You want more biscuit?"
After a slow, careful trip down the stairs (with Mycroft watching his every step like a hawk), the doorbell rang just as Sherlock and his brother reached the bottom landing.
“Are you sure you won’t have any?” Mycroft asked Sherlock.
Mycroft sighed; “I’m sorry. I was wrong to say such a thing, and you’ve shown a hundred times over that that isn’t true.” Mycroft left off patting Sherlock to rub Jawn’s back. “Jawn is very clever, as well as brave.”
Mycroft watched as Sherlock dusted the sugar over the rest of the peanut butter mixture the bowl. "Fros'ing a'w done?" he asked, his nose not but an inch from the rim.
John opened his mouth to argue, defend himself, but Greg's face visibly darkened and he snapped his mouth closed.
"I'm not sure I even really remember how it starts..."
This caused both boys to freeze, Sherlock gaping at him…especially since he’d just had his hand swatted for dipping it into his sauce.
"H-hel'b," Sherlock nodded and climbed back onto the bed, settling himself against Greg's side.
Greg stuck his tongue out at the back of Mycroft's head. "I get to pick the next one."
“Yesss'sir.” Sherlock slurred, leaning heavily into Mycroft as the older man half walked, half carried him into the nursery.
“No. Not ‘llowed.”
Greg handed Sherlock a box of chocolate cereal that also had marshmallows in it; "My apologies. We'll have to make up for lack of variety with overall quantity." He carried the other three boxes of cereal back to the counter."Which one first?"
Sherlock dipped his head, looking appropriately reprimanded. "My'coff say g'enle," he said quietly, putting a green-speckled finger to his lips.
Mycroft, who had been leaning back against the kitchen counter, sighed as he pushed himself away from it and came over. "Go take a deep breath," he whispered to Greg as he passed him on his way out of the kitchen, and picked up the flannel.
“Do smackings make you small?”
Sherlock had cleared his experiments off the kitchen table. The beakers and the flasks were in the sink, ready to be refilled at a later date. He had more important things to do right now. The table was cluttered with multicolored construction paper, markers, glue, and lots of glitter.
"P'ud 'em ba'g," Sherlock repeated, pouting slightly.
Mycroft and Greg shared a look but Greg dropped his phone on the bed, facedown.
Mycroft sighed. “I have one for you too, don’t worry.”
Mycroft scowled at Greg and flipped off the television without even turning his head.
"Guilty by association."
“P’ease, f’wogs. ‘Fank you.”
Greg ran his hand up and down Sherlock's back. "Shhh."
"The ones you were wearing this morning?"
"F'ank'oo!"
“Fwowers?”
"That sounds glorious."
"Tha'ds a y'ong time," Sherlock sighed, his shoulders drooping.
"No! I wan’ G'eg juice."
"Wha's a s'perimen'?"
"You say'd tha'd one aw'ready."
"That's a sweet idea. We haven't watched one of Gregory's Kung-fu films in a long time."
“Yea," Jawn sighed, turning to mush in Mycroft’s lap, now that the tension of uncertainty was gone.
Sherlock smiled and scrunched his nose; "Nooo'se!" he giggled, and picked up his cup with both hands.
"I know! Is won'erful. Bu'd I nee' sauce."
"Fine! But if I even hear one peep making fun..."
Sherlock poured a bit of sugar into the bowl, squeaking when a large bit plopped out of his cup. "Oo'bs! To mu'sh?"
To his credit, the little boy nearly finished his whole bowl before getting drowsy. But when Greg offered him one of the last few bites, he shook his head. "I don' fee'yl good," he said, and went to rub his face.
"Nothing we can do about that now," Greg said, grinning smugly as he turned over onto his side and propped up on his elbow.
"There is no rush. Sherlock is in need of a calm, stable hand, please."
the one...!"
Sherlock nuzzled into the crook of Mycroft's arm, listening to the two of them discussing...well, discussing
Sherlock pouted; "Wou'n'd you f'ink I'mma girl who ha'bs, e'bery'fing?"
Jawn sighed contentedly and practically melted into the mattress.
"Yes dear." Greg kissed Mycroft's cheek and then kissed Sherlock's hair before getting up. "You want anything for you?"
Jawn, who’d been waffling between chewing his thumb and pulling down his jumper (because God forbid he let go of Sherlock’s hand) looked up in alarm; "No, thank you!"
“Terrified-of-heights Jawn climbed a tree?”
"As needs must. That one is very pretty!"
"And it's come in quite handy more than once, so hush." Mycroft sat Sherlock up in his lap and held him close. "Here, hold on to me, that's it," he murmured, and put Sherlock's arms around his neck before attempting to stand up. "There you go, good boy."
"Our."
"You can sleep in the crib, then."
"Ah, no...didn't think about that, either."
“Then being outside doesn’t help us right now, does it?” Mycroft tried to reach the doorknob, but having both hands full of a clingy little detective made that quite impossible. And he didn’t really want to find out what would happen if he tried putting him down first. "Can the highly decorated Captain Jawn help us by opening the door, please?”
"Y'ah." Sherlock turned his face this way and that to avoid the cloth, but Greg easily out-maneuvered him. "Dun' y'ike it!" he protested, trying to block Greg with his hand. "S'op, p'ease!??!"
“No, I’m right now.”
"And this one is missing a few petals, but making it blue will fix that."
Sherlock held Greg's hand during the short walk across the hallway. The door was mostly closed, letting a sliver of light into the room from the hallway. Greg pushed the door open, slowly.
