“That’s true. I should tell you that I informed him of everything I knew about your relationship and what transpired. He knows.”
“Oh? You’re a city guy yourself? What? You’re a cool cat, hanging out at all the clubs. Got all the kittens after you,” Tony teases. He finishes the paw and now it’s time to tackle Blu’s mouth and face. The right side looks like a treasure trove of burrs. “Really how did you do this to yourself?”
Steve turns away. He’s not one prone to cry but his eyes well and he needs to collect himself. He realizes he’s in a self-hug and immediately forces his arms to his sides, but that does nothing to stop a few tears from staining his cheeks. His mother’s face flashes in his mind. All the dreams she had for him. He bites his lip and glances over his shoulder at Wanda and Natasha. The latter is pressing her implant to connect to the communication grid and she’s ripping someone to pieces. A second later Clint enters the parlor in his very official guard uniform (no more tight leather pants). A black uniform with the Widow’s signature on the chest. He has his bow strapped across his back. The sides of his head are shaved, and his hair is spiked purple.
He tried to swallow but his throat ached and scratched. He shuffled to try and sit up, but Natasha placed her hand on his chest. “Stay put. You’ve been out for three days.”
He thought the Avengers Initiative was problematic. The soul pack – now that was a mess. And Steve as their leader – no. That just didn’t work especially the way that Steve obviously thought of Tony.
“Wakanda may shelter you, but we are not in a position to wage war on a giant bent on its puritanical views of love and life,” T’Challa said. He sipped the juice. “We are ready to give aid to the world where we can, but I must protect my land at the same time.”
Thankfully, the door to the room opened and Bruce greeted them. “It’s okay, Lt. Sharp. They can come in.” The soldier considered Bruce and then stepped aside. He kept his automatic gripped tightly in his hands.
Pep rolls her eyes. “Thor has his detractors.” She gets up and follows him into his library. It’s more of a workshop/library combination. His mother’s collection of ancient books line the shelves in the library which are only interrupted by floor to ceiling windows. Long dark red drapes dress the arched windows. To the side he’s set up a work space for his tinkering. He heads to the workshop table where a variety of engine parts are strewn over the bench. He taps his knuckles and then says, “Do you find anything strange about this situation?”
Heading toward the Main Honor Guard offices on the upper deck of the Station, he bumps into Clint as he hurries down the corridor.
“My family works in weapons and that will change the landscape. They won’t stop me from getting the chair at the Council. I’m the only one with the army to hold it and the means to have it,” Tony says and he sees a shadow pass over the omega’s face as if something haunts him.
“You can check the laptop it should have a read out on the status, if you want. I included tests in the download and upgrade. If it greenlights it, we’re good to go.”
“How do you do that? How do you manage to smile with the sounds of your voice?” Tony beams as Steve joins him on the bed.
Bruce scoffs. “He asked about that before he left Wolverine. He can’t be that upset about the drinking problem.”
“Tony, you’re embarrassing the good Sheriff,” Pepper says and picks up her cup of tea. “I am sorry, Sheriff.”
“That’s a yes, I think.” Climbing up on Blu’s back, Tony relaxes as the lion slowly stands. Blu picks up the armor plate again and calmly walks toward their camp. He’s careful and slow, ensuring no bumps along the way. “You’re amazing,” Tony whispers.
Tony frowns but orders his meal just to get her away from the table. “That was exactly what I expected.”
Bruce glares at Tony in silence reproach before he turns to Logan and asks, “Do you need something to drink? To eat?”
“And this Stark? Why’s he sniffing around you?” Sam asks and Steve almost explodes with laughter at the term.
“Our great man of iron has been captured by the past,” Thor said and clenched his fist as if he held Mjolnir. “We must ease the blow and help him accept what has happened.”
Clint nodded and reached down to get his bag. He tossed Steve a bottle. Catching it, Steve twisted the cap open and drank. When he finished, he capped the bottle and asked, “So you’ve taken to working for clandestine bosses who may or may not be dead?”
“Someone’s done his homework,” Tony said. That just made him want to cheer inside. His mind race forward as he explained the theory of electron orbits. “It’s like an atom but different. Electron shells are in orbits with different shapes. The s orbit is like me, but then the p and d orbitals get weirder as we go out. So, the closest ones are here and here.” He pulled the display around and pointed it out. “Of no surprise to anyone, Sam’s here, closest to the inner orbit while Natasha and Clint hover a bit more distant but close. Over here is Thor and Bruce for some reason. I would have thought Bruce would be closer considering he was the first bond. But it didn’t work out that way and I’m not one to manipulate data.”
Steve nods and then stabs a waffle. He tries to pick up the whole thing, but it flips around and falls off his fork. He growls at it. “Why is this so hard?”
“Steve,” Tony pets Steve’s hand. “Ultron had you. He pretended to be me. You were there for months.”
“Neither have I,” Tony says. But he doesn’t need to do the math – at least not right away. He has the proof in the Jacuzzi tub. He looks at his phone. Well, probably not in the tub anymore. It’s been hours. “JARVIS, where is Steve?”
Now, he trudges up the stairs thinking his life has gone to shit but at the same time knowing he's on the precipice of change. The winds buffet him and inexorably move him in a dangerous direction. He shouldn't be playing with fire in such a strongly precarious situation.
As Steve scans the wide and open room, he blanches at the sight of chains and whips. He’s never been partial to being hit during sex. While he enjoys being held down, he’s not into impact play. He’s fairly certain his contract says that but his mind races to recall the specific elements he included or left out.
Tony wonders how much sleep Steve gets. What could possibly have led him into a life that he’s chosen? Did he ever have a choice? He doubts everything he knows and then he thinks about how the morning started – a meeting with a woman about her dead son. Clues pile up but no answers.
He gasped and clutched Steve’s dirty uniform. Burying his head against Steve’s shoulder, he sobbed. “Don’t leave me, please.” The resounding echo of nothing answered him. His soul cleaved and his core shattered. No life, no soul. Nothing. He collapsed on top of Steve.
Ross weighs Tony’s vow. “I’m sorry if I don’t believe it, it’s not that I don’t trust you. You know I do.” He looks like a viper about to strike his prey. “You know, Tony, this will just make things more official. If I don’t initiate the correct procedures some people might question whether the deal was legitimate.”
Standing in the secondary passageway, the three figures emerge from the dark. Natasha doesn’t surprise him. This is her past after all. The Winter Soldier at her side gives Steve a little jolt of fear and regret. It’s the third figure that terrifies him the most.
“You ain’t got a name?” The boy nabs the butt of the cigarette with his teeth, winks at Steve, and then says, “Maybe I’ll call you -.”
Steve nods and bites at his lips. He finally looks up at Tony. He hates to see it, but he recognizes true earnest concern on Tony’s face. “I didn’t consent.”
“Let’s not be so crass,” Pierce said and then directed. “Get it off the gurney and let it sense the meat.”
There were no sane minds in blind injustice. They say that justice is blind, but what if justice was stolen and made to see, but only with one eye. The other blind to the rest of the society. Sanity would not triumph.
Steve helps Tony buckle in when they land since Tony’s once talented deft hands cannot even manage the seatbelt. Part of Steve wants to mourn, but he tells himself it’s just a momentary thing. It will pass. This isn’t what Tony’s condemned to for the rest of his life.
“Huh? Oh,” Steve says and peeks his head around the corner. “Tony. I thought you would be getting ready. Packed and all. I just wanted to finish up some work.”
I can get two people on that shield as a sled.” He stands at parade rest as if he’s confronting his commanding officer.
“You feel well now?” Steve asks. Steve’s wearing his dungarees, his shirt, and socks, but he’s left everything else in Tony’s room, as if he lives here. He wonders how it would feel to live under Tony’s roof, to create a life together.
“Steve.” Tony finds himself standing and walking to Steve’s side. He clasps Steve’s hand again. “Don’t leave me.”
Steve accepted the invitation and entered the room, his one hand clasping the back of his neck. “Your room is as crazy as mine.”
“Star Trek and Star Wars are mutually exclusive. You can love both,” Tony says. Star Wars always held a soft space in his heart. He’s seen the original saga as a boy and his mother loved it, so he naturally took to it as well. Even with it’s perchance for leaning on a magical Force, Tony still enjoyed it. He only came to loving Star Trek later in life when he was a college student and Rhodey introduce him to that, Babylon 5 and the Doctor.
“You don’t know. You don’t want that,” Tony said. “You’ll wake up tomorrow and hate yourself for it.”
As Steve peeks his eyes open the room stops ‘moving’ replaced by a gentle starfield and a wondrous project of the milky way galaxy above them. “Hmm.” Maybe Tony won’t want to have the stars all around him. From what Steve knows the prince spends the majority of his time in space, fighting for the right of humanity to co-exist with the Kree.
So what does he have? He heads down the block and goes to his parked Audi. He slips into the drives seat and closes the door. Putting his head on the steering wheel, he mutters. “I got nothing, I got goddamned cookies.” And the love of his life is a hooker who is probably Captain America.
He curses as he follows the arc of armor’s ascent into the air. It’s like a rocket without aim. The armor shoots up into the arcs at 45 degrees and then plunges downward. Steve takes off as fast as he can manage in the knee deep snow. The serum helps but the cold snap of the air in his lung feels sharp and severe. He pushes through the pain and prays his eyes to adjust to the fiercely white light. The pitch of Tony’s scream even muffled by the suit urges him onward, up the slope of the beach to the foothills of the mountains. He sees the crash and flinches as Tony somersaults and collides with a boulder before coming to a stop.
Steve gave a half smile. “Don’t think so.” And then he nodded. “They wouldn’t let me see her because she’s a vampire and she’s the head of the European Coven. Her coven is considered criminals because she fights for equal rights and acceptance as full citizens for vampires.”
On the way to New Jersey – once he gets over the border he starts searching for a home improvement store. It won’t be much but he can, at the very least, be ready to defend himself. He is a weapons manufacturer, after all, he should be able to put together some different kinds of defense weapons without a problem. He doesn’t plan on killing anyone. Supplies, he needs supplies. He finally finds a Mom and Pop place and pulls off the road. The place is an utter disaster but he manages to find enough supplies from pliers to oven mittens, to fertilizer, fire ant control, canvas bag, and even old Christmas ornaments for good measure. He keeps loading up the cart with as much as he can find and ends up spending over a thousand dollars at the place. The old man behind the wooden counter looks at all of the stuff and then at him.
As Tony kneels at his feet, finding the bindings that clip Steve into the uniform and deftly undoes them, he raises his eyes to meet Steve’s gaze. “So, you have a tracker on from the Brothel I would assume?”
them apart. It blinded Tony to every other possibility. “So, what? You pick him? After all we’ve been through? How I waited for you to accept me? Accept who the hell you are? This is what happens? This is how it ends?” No happily ever after. Maybe they weren’t meant to be together. Maybe the future held the end for them, not something wonderful and bright. Maybe this was it, then.
Tony considers the questions and then shrugs. “I’m not 100% sure. If Ultron set this up as a virtual world where the players interact independently, then the possibility is that he doesn’t have complete omnipotent presence.”
Steve slides his hands over Tony’s, slowly stroking them with his thumb. “What do you want that chance to be, Tony? I don’t know if we’re ready for that. I said some terrible things too. I’m sorry. But what next? I can’t handle you changing your mind.”
Steve can barely walk with his wounded feet and the weight of the cage around his head. Instead he chooses to go down on his hands and knees to crawl after Bucky, using Bucky’s one hand on his shoulder as a guide.
Aside from the bed, there’s a wash basin and a toilet in a small room off the main room. All servants use the main shared showers. There’s nothing personal in the room. There’s also a chair and a table with the V-net screens and computer. When Tony enters, Steven looks up from the table near the computer outlet. He doesn’t even try to hide that he’s reading sensitive information.  The screen still bleeds the information into a holographic display in front of him.
“Why? Because Captain America, Steve Rogers, has our backs. He’s there to protect us. Did he attack the US government today?” Tony scoffed. “The US government attacked you today.” A murmur went up in the crowd. “Steve Rogers saved you today, all of you. He’s upstairs right now, fighting for his life because he did the right thing. He fought for what this country stands for, and as for me? As for Iron Man? I stand with Captain America.” He raised the shield up and the crowd went crazy with cheers and questions. The energy electrified his nerves and sent a rush of hope through him and he tried his damnest to push that further along the bonds tethering him to Steve.
One of the six agents walked over to the weak, skeletal creature on the cross, pulled out a wooden stake, and then removed the iron stake in the heart. He slid the wooden stake into the vampire’s dried form. The wraith standing guard howled though the agents didn’t seem to hear her. A fierce wind blew, and her phantom simply dissipated from the Earth as if she’d never existed at all. The air around Tony’s ghostly form chilled but the wind didn’t affect him. It died away.
“You sniveling little filth. This is what you do? You’re supposed to be a genius. But you play with dolls. What kind of fucking sissy boy are you?” He tossed the stuffed toy in the trash and then back handed Tony across the room.
“Stark.” Natasha shakes her head and gazes at him. “Steve’s not connected. Not anymore. That means-.”
She gets him to eat that night and then brings him to his bed. She has him undress and then lay down. She kisses his forehead and for a moment, he remembers his mother. He closes his eyes and listens to the memories of his mother singing to him.
“There are other ways.” Natasha takes a step toward him and, for a moment, he wants to flee. It isn’t as if he hasn’t considered calling Natasha in to act as his alpha, to satisfy the needs of his sub-omega nature.
“Never, he wouldn’t do that to me,” Steve whispers and the tears are flowing freely now. “Did you know he was Jewish and escaped Nazi Germany? He came to America to find freedom. He came-.”
Ross only nodded to agent who brought in the bottle of blood. The man escorted Clint out of the cell.
“Right, okay.” Steve brings Tony through the living room, navigating around the furniture, telling him what they are passing along the way. “How’d you know I was marveling?”
Steve walked into the room. He studied Maria’s expression and then turned to the pack members gathered around her console. Multiple screens hung from mental supports – a skeleton of rods with many views to the outside world. She sat on a rolling chair and turned to acknowledge him as he faced the rest of the group. Bruce had abandoned his food preparation to lean against the partition sectioning off the command center. Clint stood in the corner with his arms crossed and Steve wondered where his charges, the twins, happened to be. Thor and Natasha stood next to the console. There was no sign of Bucky.
Steve delves deeper into his assignment, learning some new things about the prince and the war he faces.
He’ll go into heat soon. He’ll present and he has no alpha, not anymore. Not since they took his gland and experimented, not since the Accords, not since his world crumbled in front of him and he let the warrior’s rage overtake him.
He gestures for Steve to continue. “Go ahead and eat the pound of bacon. I’m really not allowed. Old abused arteries after all.” He claps his chest a little; it’s numb where the arc reactor used to reside so he can’t really feel anything. “I can clean the kitchen when I wake up.”
“Sure.” Steve nods and Tony hops off the chair and briskly goes back to the bedroom. While the prince acts a good game, Steve sees through it. The pain and stress of his position eats him alive from the inside out. If Steve has any hope of making a change in this war and possibly saving Bucky from a terrible fate, then he has to find a way to support Tony. And it has to be more than a good fuck.
“Howard fucked with so many different factions of the Conclave and beyond. He caused this war in a way, now we have to end it.” Tony throws his arm over his eyes. “For so long, I didn’t want this responsibility. I wanted to run away from it. But it landed in my lap anyhow and Howard made it worse. Worse than I could imagine.”
The realization hit Tony like a truck. He grabbed at his chest and, for some odd reason, missed the arc reactor. He scratched at the scars left there by injury, by the reactor, by surgery, and then shook his head. When he’d hoped to be part of the pack, he thought he might claim the moniker of guide, sentinel, futurist, maybe even intellectual but not this, not something so wholly disgusting to Steve. Tony stumbled out of the booth. Bruce followed his lead as Tony found his way out of the café and back to the triage bay.
“It’s a safe house for you, isn’t it?” Steve asks. This island, this little slice of paradise isn’t a vacation spot, but a haven. It’s somewhere Tony can escape to and hide. A reclusive home in a remote area of the Labrador Sea.
It made Tony wonder if this is what it would have been like if his baby was alive if both of them would have spent their time building up things in Tony's lab after the two of them enjoyed a big breakfast filled with laughter and jokes and light conversation. Tony's heart gives a bang at that thought as he tried to ignore it as fast as it came.
"Papa!" Peter's voice made the two of them freeze and pull away from each other, Tony cleared his throat as he closed the few buttons that he didn't know when Steve opened and looked at the flushed Alpha beside him who runs his hands through his hair before going to the guest bedroom when Peter fell asleep half an hour ago.
"You are here, oh God, I was so worried; I was so worried..." Tony's voice cracked shivering as he tried to push himself into Steve; trying to mold their bodies together. "Your heart stopped, and I, it stopped…" A sob left Tony as he said these words; a whine got stuck in his throat. With a gasp Tony pushed himself into Steve's warm embrace more than he already is hoping to calm his instincts, reassuring them that Steve was really here with him.
Steve rolled his eyes at Peggy not noticing her eyes narrowing at his actions. "Come on, Peg, I am sure that my face isn't that forgettable is it." Steve smiled a little as Peggy's opened her mouth in shock; no one had called her by that name since…
"Good morning!" That was Pepper's cheerful voice when she finally noticed Tony and Peter, Tony can hear and see the strain in Pepper's eyes and tone as she tried to be cheerful as she greeted Tony, and Tony didn't have the heart not to return her greeting, especially when he saw how uncomfortable she was, playing the cheerful person role, trying to lighten everyone's day when the only thing everyone wanted was to hide in their rooms and wallow in self-pity.
"He won't be happy…" Peggy's words made Steven raise his eyebrow at the woman which made her fidget as she looked down on the ground. "Seventy years ago, Steve Rogers and Bucky Barnes were mated… married in your words… after Bucky's death, Steve was no longer the same, he was… volatile… the best word to describe him… he may make Tony happy today, but tomorrow, he may make him cry. I don't want someone like this as my Godson's mate, no matter if he was a friend, I don't trust him enough with Tony's heart." Peggy finished her words which made Steven's lips twitch up.
"I will get better, I always do." Steven ends up saying which made Tony frown at that and look at Steven for a long time before he sighed and get a small notebook out of his pocket, he wrote something on a blank piece of paper before ripping it out and giving it to Steven.
When Steve walked past the living room he stilled in his place, he didn't know what stopped him in his way, but when he strained his ears he picked up a faint whimpering, that made the Omega tense a little and walk inside the living room, his heart pounding in his chest thinking that something wrong happened.
"Oh, good, I thought that you didn't tell him, well then we can go to Stark right away and demand that he right his wrongs, the bastard is probably drinking himself to death after hearing what his father did, you should have… Stevie?" Bucky asked looking at Steve who looked at Bucky with a blank face, looking frozen in time, it made Bucky concern but he nearly squeaks as Steve's hand shoots out and took hold of the front of Bucky's shirt pulling the Alpha toward him.
When the two of them reached Shield HQ, Natasha stormed out of the car toward the entrance, Steve was sure she was going to drill Clint about his mysterious mistress. Steve get out of the car sighing and went inside toward Peggy's office. When he reached the office he could hear the sound of shouting coming from the inside, now Steve knows that the only reason he could hear this at all was his super hearing as the room was soundproof.
Reaching the Stark tower Steve left the car and headed toward the reception ignoring that he was wearing black jeans and a blue shirt and old running shoes, not a fancy suits like the rest of the people around him who stopped to look at Steve like the Omega didn't belong there, but the Omega didn't care about their stares, he had one goal in mind and one goal only and that was to throw Howard Stark from the ninety-nine floor of this building. "I am here to meet Howard Stark." Steve spat which made the woman behind the desk look at him like he was crazy scrunching her nose like she smelled something foul, which made Steve grit his teeth at that and left the woman heading toward the elevator in the far corner ignoring the woman's shouts and the security that rushed to him, he just made sure to slip with the woman with strawberry hair and the man who was with her in an elevator.
"Do you have to?" Steve asked the Alpha as he helped him pack his bag, Steve tried to make his voice emit calmness because he could clearly see that his Alpha was on edge, the only thing that stopped his lover from ripping his hair, was because he was running around the room collecting the gadgets he needed for his presentation.
/Warning/: This chapter contains, cursing, sadness, a little bit of time skips, mention of character's death, near mental break down, panic attack, violence! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated!
Steve doesn't know how much time the two of them spent holding each other, Steve only knows that Tony held him tightly, apologizing over and over again until his voice nearly vanishes. "I am so sorry, sweetheart; so sorry." Tony kept whispering in his ears until Steve stopped shaking, letting out a tired sigh as his fried nerves finally calmed down for a bit.
Maybe he was really losing his mind, maybe he was a dumb bastard who will end up killed and eaten by the monster, but the monster saved him and his baby, that's the only important thing for Tony. Looking around the place, Tony gave a tired smile when he noticed the boat on the shore; the boat that Tony cleaned and painted with the help of Rhodey and Pepper, the boat that Tony never dared to use.
"A-and what about Tony?" Jarvis said after wiping his tears making Steve sigh at that, leaning on the counter looking at the coffee machine.
Steve stayed silent like he was trying to regain his thoughts, and Tony was about to surrender and turn to the next picture but the Alpha finally spoke. "It wasn't what she did… but what she didn't do and tell…" Tony heard the big Alpha breathe as he hid his face in Tony's neck before he started talking. "We met when the two of us were in the army. We fell in love and then got married. I thought that everything was perfect, I really did… but the thing is she never told me she had major depression that she suffered through all of her life… nor she told anyone at all…" Steve's words seemed to vanish at that, which caused him to squeeze the arms that surrounded his midsection, hoping that Steve will take the hint that Tony was there for him. "She also had a bipolar disorder due to her depression… and after having Peter… it got worse." Tony closed his eyes at that as he tried to calm himself, taking deep breaths.
"I… o-o-of c-course Ma'am!" Tony squeaked, shivering at the stare that promised him death and pain if he denies the scary woman anything; to Tony's relief, the scary smile went away and in its place return the chirping smile the ghost has when she first come to scare the living daylight out of him. "D-do you n-need me to p-prepare a room for you?" Tony stuttered, trying to stop himself from running away and jumping from the window and end this torture for once and for all.
"But… but… I found this in my car!" Steve started getting off Tony, ignoring the cum running down his thighs as he went to his jeans to pull the letter, giving it to his husband who was frowning as he took the letter from Steve's hand, ripping the envelope and taking the note to read and reread it; Tony's eyebrow raised at the words, looking up at Steve when he was done.
… Steve wanted to beg his husband to stop, he already humiliated him enough as it was, Steve knows that he was wrong too, but that didn't mean his husband has to overreact when he was the one who starts this chain, Tony lied to him about not having any work today so that the two of them can go to the doctor together, he promised him the two of them will have today to themselves. What Steve got was an absent husband who blamed him for his business meeting being ruined, a husband who abandoned him for the whole day and insulted and humiliated him in front of his brother; Steve could have handled this any day by brushing his husband's act away and try to explain to him what wrong they both did, but not today, not today, because… because…
All in all, life sucks, and Tony tried to return back to his routine after all grieving for his child that had died years ago wouldn't do him any good, so he had to suck it up and move on… at least that's what he was trying to convince himself to do… Tony sighed as he pushed the shopping car around the supermarket, Tony really didn't know what possesses him to go shopping instead of ordering deliveries like he always does… though personally he knows that deep down he is looking for a distraction and doing everything his hands fall on until he only has six hours to sleep was working, it stopped him from thinking too much, on a brighter note, he never knew there were so many ice creams' flavors… not that he eats it but Clint's brats had been bugging him about them (He is lying he spent the last month and a half living on this shit he never ate in his life until he became pregnant) and on another brighter note, Sarah Rogers was hosting their get-together the next week, something about her son meeting the neighbors.
Everyone left him alone after that, the only being who stayed by his side was Sara, and Steven was grateful for her, for understanding, for accepting, for trying to help Steven even when Steven had refused her help, but in the end, he accepts it, he accepts her help in forgetting, because if there was one thing that was known Steven was cracking.
"So what kind of hair cut are you going after?" The barber asked them as she gets everything ready, sending them encouraging look and soft smile when she was done. Bucky shrugged at the woman's question, but Steve saw how nervous and frightened the Alpha was, which made Steve squeeze his hand gently and turn to the woman with a smile.
Tony wrote the message in shaky hands always looking at the door fearing that Stane will come down any second now, after he punches the number he knew by heart and sends the message... he waited, and waited, and waited… after five minutes of nothing, Tony swallow and deleted the message, he tried to hold his tears as he put the phone down where he found it… so Stane was truthful… his parents and aunt Peggy... really did die…
"Listen to me, you crazy bastard! I don't know what the fuck you are talking about, so either you calm down or I'm bringing the armor to knock you out!" Anton snapped, which made Steven growl and throw the pillow at Anton's face, which made the man let out a yell when the pillow hit him in the nose, but Steven didn't let the man recover, he took the second pillow and brandished it like a weapon, planning on attacking the man once more.
The thing about feeling dead on the inside is that you can create any persona you like just to fill the emptiness, and that was the exact thing that Anthony did. He was tired of getting the pity and knowing looks from Rhodey, the Beta would have told him a long time 'I told you so' but he didn't last he broke Anthony's heart more than it was. His mother always looked at him with worried look when she sees him these days; Anthony tried to smile pretending that his heart wasn't breaking on the inside, Anthony learned to crave the perfect mask, he learned that the way he was acting now was the reason Steve left him, Steve didn't want a dorky Alpha who always talked about robots, who adored movies and loved making fun of some of them, who loved hearing the piano because it reminds him of his mother, who avoid violence as much as he can, no, Steve wanted a real Alpha, one like his best friend who enlisted in the army years ago, the one who shoves his statue left and right, the one who was always right even when he was clearly wrong, one like his father…
"I make the rules here, little Omega, I can choose to turn your people into slaves, you know I am sure that the brunette Beta woman will make a good living as a whore, the small girl can follow her footsteps too, the men will make a good addition to work in the fields, from dawn to dusk nonstop, the Omegas… I am sure some of my people will love to have someone who will warm their beds… it is an easy choice, do not make it hard on yourself, you and your son coming to work with me as my slaves, and I promise you that no harm shall befall your people, I will even provide a house and jobs for them they will be able to live from… or you can choose your and your son's freedom, you can finally return to your village, see your loved ones and enjoy the rest of your life in peace, I will even give you half of the gold we took from the Hydra kingdom… you can finally be free." The Alpha said gently, trying to make the Omega see reason here, trying to save him from a life of being forced to slave himself and his son just so he can save a few of Johann's slaves, promising half of the Hydra's kingdom treasure to the Omega was a little overboard, but the Alpha was going to think of it as a compromise for the Omega for staying with Johann's for years and being forced to have his pup… The Alpha nearly smirks in pleasure when he saw the doubt painting the Omega's eyes, and he knows that if he offered anyone this deal, they will take it without looking back, after all, no one was foolish to be forced to pay for crimes that weren't his.
A choked noise that could as well be the sound of a dying whale left Tony's mouth before the shorter man can stop it, but by then he was too gone to care, the words Steve just told him were a God's send and the ultimate marriage proposal the Stark's way! "You! Oh my God! From where did you get this theory? How much chance does it have in succession? Tell me! Can you help with making the armor? Please!" Tony whined, throwing himself at Steve, hugging the star tightly as he pleads with him over and over again to help him make that armor; ignoring his blushing face at the act of touching Steve as intimately as this.
"Those fuckers killed Bucky! They killed my mate! And you are telling me to stand down? Who are you to tell me what to do?" Steve snapped hissing like an angry cat, from the corner of his eye Steven noticed how Tony flinched and looked down at his shoes, putting his hands in his pockets and past a fake smile, a move Tony always did when he was hurt.
"And what do you know about torture!" Barnes snapped as he sniffled and wiped his tears away trying to be as manly as he could while letting out pitiful whimpers when another video of Rogers being sprinkled with Holy Water appeared. "Look at what those monsters did! They gave him a Malibu Barbie!" A fresh wave of tears started leaving Barnes as he sobbed and repeated the word 'monsters' over and over again. Honestly, Tony didn't even know if there were hidden cameras somewhere and he was the victim of it… God, he should have never left his bed this morning…
not Dummy you uncultured beast! And my name is Tony! Not Anton!" Tony huffed as he shrugged his aunt's hand from his shoulder grumbling about idiotic and crazy blonds under his breath.
Steve opened the front door, smiling a little when Peter grumbles to him about the mask being itchy, trying to take it off, but stopped every time Steve sends him a look. After closing the front door and locking it, Steve stilled when he saw Tony waiting for the two of them leaning on a black sports car behind him, it made Steve purse his lips, especially when Peter noticed the older Alpha and squeal in delight, running toward the Alpha which made Tony smile and swiped the boy into a hug, which caused the pup to giggle a little, and start chatting the Alpha's ear like no tomorrow.
Steven could only hum gently to his babe, rocking him to sleep; his muscles relaxed every time the little pup let out a content sigh and snuggle closer to him. The Omega didn't want to think about the meaning of his babe's words, he didn't want to think about the possibility of him being pregnant in this place, and how did that even happen? Steven was so careful… he made sure to mix the herbs himself, herbs that took Steven a long time to gather, and even longer time to prepare so that no pregnancy will happen, herbs that didn't fail the omega for over six years. It made the Omega rage at that, hurt and pain warring inside of him, and he just wanted to scream… scream at how unfair the world was for making him bite more than he can take…
“Not yet, not yet,” Steve said through gritted teeth. He searched the trees surrounding them. He could hear the whirl of gears but he spotted nothing. Stretching out his sixth sense, he interlaced his consciousness with Tony’s – easily. “Where?” he whispered.
Steve faces away for a moment. This is not his life, not his place to dream of being with a prince, at a prince’s side. His life isn’t a bad one, but it never was his dream. He concedes, “I’ll miss you too.” He doesn’t look Tony in the eye. “Maybe we should be getting back?” He doesn’t want to waste another moment with Tony. Not another moment. He wants to hold Tony and be with him and weld enough memories into his brain that it will last a lifetime.
“In the dream, yes,” Steve said and there was a slight tilt to the tone of his voice, but Tony couldn’t let the moment get lost as he analyzed it.
“Not supposed, no-not supposed to see,” Steve stutters and coughs as he speaks. “B-but he never came, the Trans-Transformation ha-happened.”
“We are,” Steve admitted. “Right now, though, rest. We have to figure out what needs to be done and we’re safe because of Wakanda, but we can’t put this place in danger. We will need to go back. So sleep now.”
“Healthy looking,” Steve supplies. “Well, you can ask Bucky, I spent quite a bit of time recovering. He wasn’t there, of course, but he can vouch for it.”
“Don’t get technical on me Rogers.” He squeezes Steve’s hand. “Now you want to explain to me why you don’t think you deserve love and happiness?”
Steve heaved in a breath, trying to stabilize the pain level. A small whine escaped his lips. Rumlow watched him like a hawk observing its prey. “Let’s fix that, shall we? Cancel rack. Chains, please.” The bindings on his wrists and ankles slid away, leaving only the shackles with the chains winched to the ceiling and linked to the floor. “Kneel.”
Tony sets a hand on his shoulder and guides him towards the door. “Go,” he says. “I’m just going to clear away.”
“A special box, just for you,” Steve says. “You didn’t win, and Clint and Bucky were sorry you got sad, so they-”
He heads for the bolt hole, the tiny space built into his room that no-one, not even Steve and Tony, are allowed in. For the past six months he’s been adamant that he doesn’t need it anymore, that he’s too old for it. Now, he squeezes through the tiny hatch and presses himself into the corner of the dark space, pulling the hatch door closed behind him. He gropes around and finds the blanket, yanking it up from underneath him and covering his face with it, wishing stupidly that he could just hide here until everything makes sense again.
He reaches for the door handle just as Bucky starts to laugh. Obviously Bucky underestimates Steve's willingness to kick him for mocking him, and also hasn’t thought about safety because the child-locks aren’t engaged, letting Arto shove the door open.
Arto ignores that. He reaches out to take the pen, adding to Steve’s picture. He draws an angry-faced ghost coming at the shield, then a quick sketch of himself shouting ‘
“Sorry,” Arto says, feeling his cheeks going warm. She ducks her head, smiles and hurries after her family. Arto watches her go until Steve elbows him, hard.
Arto shuts his mouth and turns his face away from Steve, furious and embarrassed and close to tears. He turns the music back up and stares out of the window at the darkening sky.
“I’m hard as nails,” Bucky says. “You’re like a half-grown super-soldier. And your dad may be gay as shit but he’s also scary as shit, so you’re wearing gloves. I don’t wanna get in trouble.”
Arto nods into his cushion. It’s too warm and clammy under there but he’ll be damned if he’s coming out until Steve and Tony get there.
He creeps out of his room, intending to go fetch a glass from the kitchen. He gets as far as the lounge and stops in the doorway because Steve in there, sitting on the couch with his phone to his ear. He’s leaning forwards with his elbows on his knees, head ducked low-
Natasha doesn’t look at him but she almost-smiles at the admission. “We’ll get yours done after then,” she says simply.
Steve thinks back to the week before. Remembers the hours of wrangling, the tears, the tantrums. Remembers everything he’s learned about boundaries and not giving in every time Arto wants something.
They both stumble to a stop in the door of the medbay. Bucky is straddling the chair, grinning like a loon. Natasha is standing next to him, looking like she can’t decide if this is the best or worst day ever. Clint himself – herself – is sitting on the medical trolley, swinging his – her – feet and letting Bruce check his pupils.
Steve presses his palm over Arto’s mouth. “Nope,” he says, and gently takes his hand away, rubbing his thumb over Arto’s cheekbone. “That's future Arto’s problem. All you have to do right now is go wash your face."
Steve nudges back at him. “Arto,” he says gently. “You have not had the best time recently. Between this, Peter, TMZ splashing you all over the web...if you
“So, Better Hawkeye, Magic Maximoff,  Speedy Maximoff or Baby Marvel?” Sam says. “My money is on Speedy Maximoff.”
“You're a pain,” Tony says informatively, pulling back from Steve and fixing Arto with a look. It doesn't seem to do a lot; Arto just pouts and leans up to wind his arms around Steve’s neck.
Clint hums at that, screwing one eye shut as Arto’s fingers narrowly miss poking him right in said eye. “No, not really. I feel like me, I guess? Just different on the outside.”
“I don’t need to be a superhero puppet-master, I’m the Illuminati,” Tony says. “Keep Arto out of the training room, please?”
And he stops talking because on the screen there’s a load of screaming and the flashes go insane and the camera cuts to a very familiar Audi R8 pulling up at the end of the red carpet. Arto scrambles forwards to kneel on the coffee table behind Steve, leaning over Steve’s shoulder.
Two more shouts of his name and Tony appears in the open doorway, a huge loop of cable clutched in one hand. “Oh good, you’re back,” he says. “Hey, how do you feel about moving out of the tower?”
He steals the box of poptarts for his breakfast, goes back to his room to play on his X-box. Connects to X-box live, finds only Arkash and Dwayne online so logs off again and plays campaign mode on his own. It grows boring quickly, almost boring enough that he contemplates finishing his homework.
Arto’s not surprised at Tony’s lack of tact so he’s not bothered by it. He does look up at Steve though, meets questioning blue eyes across the table. Unfortunately he’s not telepathic so he and Steve have got no way of deciding what to do without the others butting in.
“I know,” Arto manages to get out. “I know, and everything’s so fucked up and I don’t know what to do.”
The merits of being overprotective are loudly discussed for quite some time, the conversation only stopping when Nat returns, Anna thankfully unharmed on her hip. Bucky makes a pleading noise and holds his arms out, and Natasha obliges and hands Anna straight back over.
“No!” Arto protests, and jabs at the dice with a look of utter concentration on his face. Steve half-heartedly spares a thought to hope Arto wins, because he doesn't want to have to deal with the tantrum he suspects will come if Arto loses this game after losing at MarioKart earlier.
Twenty-two minutes after Steve went to go get Tony and Arto cracks. He gets up and heads for the stairs, pulse thudding sickly in his chest as he dodges Sam's attempts to stop him. He runs down the stairs to the workshop, his frantic brain conjuring up more and more distressing images. Tony hurt, the workshop wrecked, Steve crying again, Tony gone-
“You get used to it,” Bucky says nonchalantly, and winks at Clint. Clint blows him a kiss, eyes sparkling with mischief.
Arto shakes his head, bottom lip jutting out. Steve winces, knowing that that pout is 100% Rogers stubbornness. And he knows that maybe, just maybe, he gets most stubborn when he’s not feeling one hundred percent confident.
“Well I won’t be testing anything on myself,” Tony says. “I’d like to work on the project...but Sue could theoretically shut me out completely.”
“I know,” Tony says, and slips his sunglasses back on, pleased that Arto at least sounds like himself again. “Eat your pancakes. They’ll heal your broken heart.”
“I could be a gladiator,” Bucky says, sprawled out on the couch, tapping away on his phone with his thumbs. “I’d be great at it.”
“A lot of talking,” Tony says listlessly, and then seems to shake himself out of his stupor. “She’ll come around.”
The apartment in Chicago is stunning. It feels weirdly small compared to Avengers tower, probably because the penthouse apartment is spread over a single floor rather than the million that Arto has run of at home. It’s not as high-tech, either: there’s no Jarvis, minimal automated systems. It’s spotlessly clean though and feels super expensive. Maybe it’s the furniture, maybe it’s the lack of personal junk, maybe it’s the goddamn home cinema room. Arto can’t quite put his finger on it.
“You cuss at me and there’s consequences, kiddo,” Bucky says, recapping the bottle and tossing it to Arto who just about manages to catch it. Bucky wipes across his forehead with his wrist, turns back to the punching bag. “Nice nails.”
“Okay,” Steve says, and Arto’s stomach flips in sheer giddy excitement. He’d hoped for Steve to say yes but he wasn’t really expecting it. “On one condition,” Steve says before Arto can get too excited.
Tony pulls Steve in closer, so he ends up kneeling on the couch cushions next to them. “You’ll have to throw me out the window to make me leave.”
“It’s okay,” Steve says, bringing his arms up to wrap around Arto’s skinny frame, pressing his mouth to the top of Arto’s head.
weird,” Arto replies, with all the withering indignation that a sixteen year old can muster. “You can’t call anyone weird.”
not a good look on him. He swallows hard, holds out the phone towards Arto. “Tony has skipped out on the gala and he’s still on the line. He wants to talk to you. Says he needs to come clean with you too before we even talk about going home.”
Steve takes one hand off the wheel, rubs at his forehead. “I know,” he says, strained. “Fuck, I know. Look, I didn’t want to - I didn’t want you to know because I don’t want you angry at your dad just because I am. I didn’t want you involved in this fight-”
Steve nods, runs a hand over Arto’s sweaty hair. “How about I stay here until you fall asleep again?” he says.
Tony reappears just before the two hour mark. Steve hears the elevator doors slide open and Tony steps out, arm in arm with Pepper.
“Bye!” Omari yells and then Arto hangs up, tossing the phone aside and sprinting from his room back into the lounge.
“Right. First of all, don’t you say that,” Steve says to Arto, who scowls and twists into Steve;s side, wedging his face between Steve’s ribs and the couch. “Second, you need to slow down and tell me what actually happened.”
“Fuck you,” Arto says, voice trembling. “You hate my nails and you hurt Steve and you’re not even sorry.”
A few seconds pass, and then from somewhere above them there’s a thud and a scream. Tony waits it out, and sure enough there’s more screaming and banging and then Arto and Peter appear, sliding down the staircase while both sitting on a wheel-less skateboard, clutching hold of each other.
“Fine,” Arto huffs, feeling heat crawl up the back of his neck. The snag in his belly turns to excitement. “Me next.”
Arto scowls at her. “Shut up,” he says. “Don’t make it weird, he’s my friend. And I don’t know how many times I have to say it, I’m not gay.”
Arto grunts, which apparently isn’t good enough for Captain America. Steve tugs at his ear again and Arto yelps in protest. “Yes, I’ll be fine, I’m sleeping.”
tragic backstory,” Bucky says. “I’d have a trident. Be like aquaman, but with less fish and more murder.”
He doesn't get to see what's in the workshop. He gets half a flight of stairs away and freezes as he hears shouting. Angry voices interrupting and overlapping each other. He can hear Steve bellowing, calling someone selfish, and Tony shouting right back at him.
Bucky gropes across the lump that Arto presumes is Clint, picks up a phone off the shelf by the bed. “It’s like, two am, Short Round,” he says. “We’re sleeping.”
Back in the car, Arto puts on more music that Steve probably hates and naps fitfully. He keeps thinking about the argument he overheard, the things Tony and Steve were yelling at each other. There’s a niggling doubt in the back of his mind that something else has happened, that the argument is not just about the amount of Tony’s spent in the workshop.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Steve says, and Arto hides a smile in his shoulder. He pulls back, ready to make another joke about but Steve is still looking...off. Something not quite right in his expression, something too deep and hard for Arto to be able to fix with a joke. He needs backup.
“Read a book,” Steve says, reaching up to pull his pillow over his head. “Do some sketching. Play on your phone. Go for a bath.”
“So you’re calling to brag?” Steve asks, pulling his door shut and passing Arto his coffee so he can buckle in.
“He can’t have a crush,” Steve says, sounding somewhere between perplexed and distraught. “He’s - he’s-”
He strides over and reaches for Arto, grabbing him under his arms and lifting him off of Clint. Arto flails for a moment, and then makes a noise of protest as Steve swings him to the floor. A few feet away, Natasha is watching with careful eyes, book still in hand but body coiled ready to pounce if necessary.
When he gets back, pizza boxes in hand, Steve does a really bad job of pretending to be chill. If Arto were smaller, Steve’d be picking him up and not letting him go for a considerable amount of time. Seeing as Arto now weighs as much as Clint, Steve doesn’t.
Arto stomped in, skirt flaring dramatically as he did, almost as if the garment was channelling all of Arto’s indignant rage in flapping drapes of blue cotton. He stood next to Steve, folding his arms in a mirror pose of Steve and glaring for all he was worth.
Arto feels a strange frisson of not quite panic, a twist that could be anger, could be jealousy, could be something entirely different. “What do you mean Tony said?” he asks. “Have you spoken to Tony?”
“Sure,” he says. “I’ve been speaking to Sue about it for a while, if you wanna call her and check it out-”
“So, there was this thing, for science, this tour of some labs, and spiders, and one bit me and now I…” Peter trails off, shrugs. “I have spider powers.”
Steve shakes his head. “The same books. I bought a copy for me and maybe for the adults in the tower to read, if you wanted them to. I sent Tony a link for an E-copy too.”
Tony just stares at him. “You think I don’t care about you,” he says flatly. “Arto, I care about you more than any person on this planet, where is this coming from-”
Arto goes tense, immediately trying to guess and work out what Steve has done. Maybe he’s had an X-box delivered. Maybe there’s more pizza. Maybe it’s Tony, oh god if it’s Tony then Arto will have a heart-attack and die-
If the ground could just open up and swallow him, that’d be great. Or aliens invading, some sort of assemble that means Steve can’t say anything.
“Tempting,” Steve says, but he twists around and flops onto the couch with them, laying his arm along the back. He wriggles sideways so his hip is pressed to Arto’s back, kicking his feet up onto the coffee table.
Arto clambers onto the bed behind him, sitting cross-legged and leaning back against Steve’s shoulders. Steve groans, clearly making a big deal over the fact Arto has woken him up.
Arto expects Steve to reiterate that it’s just bullshit but he doesn't. He just stares like he’s confused by what’s happening, then nods curtly and walks out of the room. Mouth hanging open, Arto stares after him.
“Wow,” he says. “Well done, Cap. I really must say, your communication skills are really coming on-”
Arto manages a watery, wobbly smile. He takes a hesitant step forward though doesn't let go of Steve’s hand, so Steve steps with him so he can edge forwards enough to take the bear from Natasha.
“What?” Arto asks, reaching for the phone. He’s not expecting Steve to hand it over so he’s a bit taken aback when he finds himself with the phone in hand. He glances down and feels the bottom drop out of his stomach when he finds himself and Steve plastered over US weekly.
They offer to swap cars. Arto says no. They offer to have Clint drive. Arto says no. Mindful of the time, they offer to let Tony take him in the Bugatti. Arto says no.
“I - I keep wanting things,” Arto blurts out, silencing Tony. “Anna had a headband and there was a dress, and I really like having my nails done. It’s not - it’s not about - I’m not gay, it’s not that.”
Tony leaves the same way he arrived, in a blur of red and gold armour. Arto and Steve watch him go, standing shoulder to shoulder on the balcony.
“Thank you,” Steve says, and Natasha simply goes back to her book. He looks down at Arto, gently running his hand over his head. “Come on, lets go.”
The only person who manages to sleep the night before Arto’s first day at school is Steve. Not because he’s relaxed about the whole affair; more because he’s not slept for the whole week running up to the big day, so Tony hits him with what’s technically enough Ambien to kill a regular human and knocks him out for a few hours.
get stronger. But Arto’s a super soldier and like hell is he letting his dumb, not-talking-to-him, spider-friend beat him.
He hands over the bag. Arto's unnerved enough by Steve's nervousness and doesn't say anything as he takes the bag and upends it onto his knee.
Bucky and Clint make identical disbelieving noises. Anna looks between them and blows a raspberry, looking very pleased with herself.
“Well you didn’t pick up the phone,” Steve says, thumbs tapping away again. Arto peers over but Steve angles the screen so he can’t see. “Should he be expected to keep trying?”
Steve nods slowly. “What society says you shouldn’t want,” he corrects, sounding absent. He’s thinking hard, Arto can tell. It takes him a while to blink back into focus, rubbing at the back of his neck in a giveaway worried tell. “I am way out of my depth here, Arto. We need some help.”
“I don’t!” he protests. “I’m not into girls - no, I mean I am, I’m straight, I would be into girls if I cared but I don’t care. I don’t want to be in a relationship, I’ve got more important things to think about right now.”
“I know, right?!” Clint says. Anna squeals in response and leans forwards so her face is buried in Clint’s neck; he hastily brings his other hand up to steady her. “Yes, thank you for kisses, that’s great.”
“I thought Peter was my Bucky friend,” Arto says, voice small. The woman doing his nails taps at his hand and he trades her for his other one, distracted.
Thank you to Liz for flailing about Steve 'awful-liar' Rogers and Tony 'king-of-fronting' Stark with me. Much appreciated.
To Steve's surprise, it's Bucky who chips in, looking at Clint thoughtfully. “Right now he's a guy?” Bucky  hedges, a question in his voice. “Who temporarily has female parts?”
“You know when it’s time to wake up for school?” Arto whispers, and Steve clings to that sentence like a lifeline because it sounds like Arto plans on going back to sleep.
Arto nods, feeling exhausted. Everything still feels awful and he thinks he’s pretty awful too but he doesn’t have the energy or the wherewithal to try and figure it out right now. So instead he just slumps further down, closes his eyes and listens to the steady thump of his dad’s heartbeat under his ear.
“Come on,” Steve says, and there’s no negotiating with that firm tone. He leads Arto out of the gallery and into a cab. He’s stopped sobbing by the time they get in, and opts for staring out of the window at the slush covered sidewalks, clenching his fists tightly so he can’t see his glittery nails.
His sides now hurt from laughing. Arto collapses sideways across Steve’s lap, hands over his face as he laughs and laughs. It’s probably reaching a little hysterical but he doesn’t care.
So I wrote this while stuck in an airport in Ireland like forever ago. Originally posted on Tumblr. And, I've just realised, it is in past tense, which none of the rest of Counterpart Verse is in. What the hell, tenses.
Just to make his good mood even better, that text is followed not ten seconds later by a text from Peter, who goes for ‘OMG THATS THE BEST NEWS EVER NO MORE SPY BUCKY’ Arto laughs to himself, shoves his phone away in his pocket and carries on with his mission to get pizza, smile still in place.
Anna shoves the last plastic penny into the piggy bank and throws her hands in the air like she’s scored a touchdown. Arto claps obligingly and flips open the side so she can get them all out again. From experience, he knows that this game can go on for quite some time.
Opening his mouth to pitch the idea to Steve, he doesn’t get a word out before Tony’s beating him to it.
“What?” Bucky twists around to look at them, then snaps his fingers. “Oh yeah, I forgot to add your best friend being an ass to the list. Tell Julia about that.”
Bucky laughs. “Go tell Tony you like it,” he says. “Get him to give you the tour. The pool is like the eighth coolest thing about this place, I swear.”
Arto sighs, pushes himself back away from Tony. He’s the same height as him now, but still feels super tiny when Tony holds onto him, both hands on the side of his neck.
Steve finally looks up. “No glitter?” he asks, leaning forwards to look at the samples on the counter.
The gate opens itself, so slowly that it almost seems to be mocking them. Steve guides the car through the moment there’s enough space. Arto’s still craning his head around, trying to get a glimpse of this supposed mansion that Tony’s decided to move them all out to-
He’s re-awoken by the shift of the mattress as Steve sits on the end of his bed and a fraction of a second later the smell of breakfast foods hits him and he struggles groggily into a sitting position, grabby hands at the ready.
“What do you mean?” Steve demands. “Is he okay? Tell me he’s not done anything with that fucking Extremis project-”
“Yeah you do,” Steve says. “At least talk to her about the nightmares even if you don’t want to talk about anything else.”
He drops his eyes back down to his plate. He weirdly feels different than he did when he arrived in Chicago, like he's a completely different person. He can’t quite work out how though. Maybe he’ll ring Julia about it. Maybe. Keeping his phone out of sight under the table, he fires off a quick text to Omari, something along the lines of ‘
“You sure? You’re pretty mad at me,” Tony says. He sounds so unsure, so cautious. It doesn’t feel right at all.
“Sure,” Arto says. He’s trying to be super chill about it but he thinks he might be missing the mark slightly. “Okay. Yeah.”
“So, your child is having a meltdown,” Clint says conversationally. “I mean Steve’s child is having a meltdown. Buck, chill, our child is fine.”
“They’re special,” Bucky sing-songs, rattling the box in front of his face. It doesn’t make the usual cereal noise, and Arto immediately sits up, looking from Bucky to the box and back again.
White room. Tiles that are cold. He fearfully presses his hand to the glass of the door and feels it buzzing, vibrating. It gets louder. Rattling in its frame.
“You’re just pissing him off when you don’t,” Tony says. “You two are too stubborn to go head to head, it just ends up in manly posturing and shouting.”
The beast seizes his collar and twists enough to cut Tony's air off. Somehow Tony manages to duck under the man's arm while tearing the back of his own shirt. He flails but gets loose from the goon. Scrambling he slides across the floor and rolls into Steve's apartment just slipping out of the goon's big paw.
Clint snorted. “Think again. The twins were nothing. They were easy. But your friend, there, he’s like a freaking bear.”
“We need to get you the proper clothes.” She clicks through a series of pages on the desk interface. “Also you’ll need to learn some of the proper edict for the different functions.”
Steve scrubs a hand through his hair and he knows he’s fading fast. He needs to lie back down and rest. His wings throb, his back aches. “I’m sorry, I’m not very good at this part.”
While he watches and nibbles on the food, Steve keeps an ear out for the prince’s movements. Most of the time the prince is talking to someone or another. He spends an inordinate amount of time going through schematics with someone named Reed. Another hour battling Pepper about some subject that has to do with the meetings, and then finally again he’s debating with the Obie person about calling for a schism.
After a second, Natasha noticed him and placed a hand on his arm. “Buckle up, big boy. This is where the fun begins.”
“Want you to clean me off and suck me while I study,” Steve says. “Kneel at my feet and suck me until I’m done.”
The side of the helmet catches his eye. “Will you look at that – a bowl. Should use my head more often.” This sends him into a laughing jag that ends with him crying from the pain. He lies there on his back looking up to the darkening sky. “What did I do? Why did I come back?”
There’s something worming its way up his nostril and down his throat. He tugs at it, gags. His eyes water. He chokes and bile burns again. Yanking with a fierceness he does not possess, Tony slides the tubing from his nostril and out of his throat. He gasps out a sob and there are hands on him. A voice – tilted with a slight accent – tells him to rest. He’s been injured, he needs to rest before they come.
Clint uses something that he fishes out of his tight pants to open the door and ushers Steve into the room. Behind a glass desk his new boss sits. She’s not an old lady like Steve imagined. She’s a beautiful young woman with a gorgeous head of auburn hair and green blue eyes. Her full lips smile when she sees him.
Steve should have just allowed Bruce to believe he would do exactly that – roam the country and get back to his roots. But the truth was that he had no roots, not in this new century. He felt at loose ends and the only thing that felt right was serving. When Natasha mentioned it, Steve jumped at the chance. He could have gone back to the military, to the Army, but that would really mean starting over again. He knew no one in the Army. At least at SHIELD, he started with a few of the basics. Natasha, Fury, Clint.
“And having hot sex while you won’t even consider it in real life. That is fucking rich!” Tony said. He threw himself back onto the couch. “And this is my life.”
Someone grabbed for his shield and another agent went for his neck.  He crossed parried as an agent went to link a magnetic cuff around his wrist. At some point during the fray, the elevator stopped. Three agents grouped around him, forcing his shackled wrist up toward the metal structure of the elevator. Gritting, Steve yelled out and punched forward with all of his strength. The fibers of his muscles, his bicep, screamed against the resistance. He grunted as kicked, bashing his attackers against opposing walls of the elevator. Rumlow slammed into his back with the shock stick and Steve muffled his cry with clenched teeth. He pounded the onslaught of agents using his free fist and his legs. Like a battering ram, he swung around and smashed his fist into another agent, hearing bones crack and feeling them give way. He used his whole body as a weapon because that’s what he was made to do. A super soldier. Ready to fight. With a break in the battle, Steve jumped up on the wall and pushed his muscles beyond even their breaking point to overcome the magnetic forces of the shackle. It released and Rumlow came at him with two shock batons and his arm held out to ward Steve away.
“Crap! That’s a snake.” It sinks. “A dead snake, but a snake.” He looks warily around and then stands up. “I didn’t know. Fuck.” Quickly he moves out of the water. “This is why if you’re going to hallucinate a whole world where I’m a Disney Princess and I talk to animals, that you definitely do it in an old castle with indoor plumbing.” He shakes. “Creepy.”
The grip of the flight controls in his hands, the wind on his face from the broken cockpit window washed over him even as the perfect room about him stayed safe, stayed sane – which he couldn’t say he was anymore.
Sawyer sputtered to respond and placate Tony. “Maybe it’s some kind of murderer or something. It might Be evil.”
Clint indicated what Steve had assumed was the command station. “Through there, you’ll find a door. Walk down the corridor to the private rooms.”
“No.” Maria bowed her head. “Many times, people don’t see beyond the veneer. Do you know what that means, my baby?” She touches his cheek with a tender hand.
"Because this is the only way for you to redeem yourself, right what wrong you did, I know you are a better person and maybe it is time for you to act like it. Besides, Thanos would have got his hands on you if I did not." Steven said as he looked at his elegant clothes and robes that were in red, white, and blue colors, he looked at Loki after that to see the God looking at him with a shock and disbelieve.
"Edith… shut down the room, shut down the spying bugs, and play a false feed." Steven said which made everyone look at one another in confusion but Steven was looking at them after he said that, a few seconds later Edith confirm that she had done Steven's request. "As the Ancient One said, I am now a part of your world, and as such, it meant that it's my mission to help you, starting with Hydra." Steven said which made everyone look at Steve who growled at the mention of that name.
"What is your goal, Iron King?" Steven hissed as he stood up after he laid his son on the ground and walked toward the bars, glaring at the Alpha hating that the man was taller than him by a few inches. "What do you want? I already told you I will not allow for my people to be turned into slaves." Steven hissed hoping that the useless Alpha will say what he wanted and be done with, his words though made the Alpha give a harsh laugh which made the Omega growl at him especially when his son whine behind him.
In the end, Tony and Steve finally managed to return to the mansion, just as the sunrises and painted the whole mansion eerie red and black; Tony who experienced the madness of last night couldn't help but relax at the creepy sight in front of him. If only Tony can run away somewhere where no one will find him, but the thing was, Tony was not ready to have his tower or his beautiful Malibu house destroyed, even if it was tempting to run away and hide in them for a few days at a time.
"Yes, Peter, you are a hero." That made the pup smile happily; Steve kissed his forehead and put the shopping bag he brought with him on the bed. "I didn't know what to bring him, so I thought a blanket and a teddy bear would be a safe bet," Steve said looking at Tony who wiped his eyes and gives Steve a small smile. "This is for you, little Peter," Steve said getting a red, white, and blue blanket, Peter raised his small hands to touch the blanket.
"Tony-" Howard plea, but he was cut again by Tony, this time by a vase being thrown his way, which made him flinch as the vase missed his head by an inch and broke against the wall behind him, Howard didn't speak after that, afraid that he will make the Omega lose it more than he already was.
"Tony already has the best doctors, Steve," Maria said looking at the Beta up and down, she wondered when she had last seen him for he looked quite familiar.
"I am so tired Steve…" Tony's voice cracked as he said those words, causing Steve to hold him as tightly as he can without hurting the Omega, hoping to be able to comfort his lover. "I am so tired of always getting my hopes up, why can't I just believe that he is dead? Why can't I move on and forget about him? Ten years have passed Steve, and I want to move on, I don't want to remember him… sometimes I wished I never had him, or that he actually died when the car hit me that day… and in the end, I wake up hating myself even more for thinking about that…" Tony gives a moan of pain as he hides his face in Steve's neck, tears start trickling down his face, but the Omega didn't care about them, he was in too much pain to care about the humiliation of him crying in the street.
"Nay, little one, we were going to wake you up, but you seemed too tired, what about an ice-cream as a sorry from both of us?" Steve, sweet merciful Steve, smiled like an angel at Peter as he said those words, pushing Tony away and stood up and picking Peter and holding him in his embrace. The pout on Peter's lips disappeared, and a mischievous grin took over his small face, the same grin was on Steve's face, and Tony doesn't know if this was a good thing or a bad thing that those two were as thick as thieves.
"He is a bright one, isn't he?" The sound of the queen of Asgard made Steve turn to the woman who was following his trail and gaze at Tony who was chattering happily with some scientist/magician that worked in the palace. The queen's question made the Alpha frown and then shrugs, not knowing what to say to the older woman. "You should move on, being hung on the dead will bring you nothing but pain and misery." Frigga advised gently which made the Alpha tense and gaze at her.
"What did you see that you needed to make him go through that torture? Why can't you just let Steven and him be?" Loki asked with wonder which made the woman hum a little before giving a sad smile toward her son, which told the prince that it was only bad things.
The man though only content himself with sending a text to his husband telling him to come earlier for dinner, which to his delight, the Alpha answered not five minutes later, informing Steve that he will be home earlier today, which made the Omega rush toward the kitchen to prepare a delicious dinner, humming happily all the while as his heart fluttered in his chest, happiness taking hold of Steve.
"What are you doing, Tony?" Steve's tired voice made the Omega stop what he was doing and he turned to the Alpha who was standing in the doorway, looking at the bare room with wide eyes like he couldn't believe what Tony was doing, which made the Omega close his eyes tightly and return to what he was planning to do.
"Are you going you answer that?" Bucky asked, pointing to the buzzing phone with his fry, before biting it, giving Steve a raised eyebrow when the Omega scowled at the phone and rejected the call, and the Omega was grateful that Bucky didn't point who the caller was, but was content getting to know each other.
How? Was the only thing Steve could think of; how was this real? How did Bucky found someone who resembles him so much that Steve won't even doubt the two of them were siblings? How was this even possible? Bucky was Tony's younger brother, the distant brother who spent years in the military avoiding his family, and even then, Bucky never resembled Tony or even one of the Starks… but this woman… this woman and the baby in her arms; Steve would never mistake them as anything but relatives.
In just two weeks… two weeks, three at most, Harley was finally going to come home; Tony was excited but nervous at the same time, wondering what would happen when Harley would finally come. "Two weeks, three at most, that's what Betty, said, right?" Tony asked, letting out a sigh as he felt Steve tightening his arms around him…
Tony sighed in content as he smelled the scent of his pup, without sickness and death surrounding it. His baby always smelled like freshly cut grass and rain, it always made Tony hold tightly into his son to smell the scent of the outside, of the small pleasures he always adored as a teen, it always made him feel home. It had been three weeks since he was out of Stane's clutch, Tony still couldn't believe it, he is afraid that if he closed his eyes any second now he will return to the cell, seeing his baby dying before his eyes, but every time he close and open his eyes he was here, in the hospital, with his baby contently sleeping in his arms.
That was accompanied by the noise of something striking the wall and smashing, which caused everyone to shift uneasily and stares at Peter, who was having a big headphone on his head, singing alone whatever song Tony downloaded on the brand new MP3 player, a recent invention that became famous and famous each day.
“I… I don’t remember really, everything is a bit fuzzy last night; I was extremely tired to pay any attention.” Tony offered with a sleepy smile, marveling to himself why he didn’t tell the chief and Natasha what had took a place last night, but knowing deep down that whatever he saw was not a teenager who was trying to intimidate him, but something else.
"In here!" Tony called out from his place on the floor, waiting a few minutes for the rushed footsteps to reach him before raising his head from the book he was pretending to read to gaze at Maria, who upon seeing him seemed to relax a little and lose the harsh look on her face. "What is it, Maria? What was all that yelling about?" Tony asked as his brow rose followed by him letting the child book in his hands down, which cause Morgan to whine and move her arms in an angry fashion.
" Steven whispered in Icelandic, which made Margaret and Philips look at him, but they didn't say anything as they huddled closer to him, some of Steven's friends, children, men, and woman who were the same as him, forced into this life, huddled and surrounded him, looking in fear at the people around them.
So when Tony finally arrived in the kitchen, he saw Natasha sitting on the floor while hugging her legs, whimpering as she rocked herself back and forth, all the while muttering about
It made Steve's blood pound in his vines in anger at the thought of Steven loving anyone but Bucky, after all, how blind can he be to ignore the only person who ever loved him before and after the serum? It made Steve angry, and he was grateful that he wasn't in the same room as that man right now. Everyone talked about how Steve should move on, but how can he? It was only a year since he lost the love of his life, only a year since the war stopped, only a year while everyone counted seventy years and added it to Steve's life without his consent.
"I…I… of course, Peter, if you want…" Tony whispered lost in his thoughts, his eyes becoming glassy as seconds passed, but Tony didn't cry, he just opened his arms and pulled Peter in his embrace, kissing his forehead and holding into him until he stopped shaking…
"He is asleep," Tony stated, giving Steve a thankful nod when the Alpha left with Peter in his arm and the cupcake plate in the other, leaving Betty and Tony to have the talk they needed without Peter witnessing what could be a fight. "I am not giving him back," Tony stated as he stepped in front of Betty stopping her from heading upstairs.
in his hands with a blank look, still not being able to understand what took place earlier that day; he still couldn't shake the shock of what he heard, still wondering if what he heard was a trick of his mind or that the foolish queen truly said those words to him. those words that Anton couldn't help but think of them even as years and years past; words that were once uttered by the only person that Anton loved truly, a fierce Omega that made his head spin more times than he can count.
It was three days after he woke up that Steven was greeted by the sight of the last person he wanted to see in the world; the Iron King. The man walked inside his recovery room, only to pause when he saw that Steven was all alone in the room, he was probably wondering where was James and Margaret; Steven had told Margaret earlier that day to take James outside, for he knows that his babe will get all bored from staying inside the room all day long, even if it meant he will stay with Steven. Ever since his child tasted what it was like to be outside, his baby couldn't stand being locked inside any house unless it was time for bed, the freedom of the wind outside of the suffocating walls, seduced even Steven most of the days.
Tony skipped over most of middle school, hopping right into high school at the tender age of eight. Most of the teachers knew he wouldn’t spend a lot of time with them, he was there just to bide his time until he moved onto MIT. His mother apparently didn’t want him to go to university until he was at least ten years old. The bickering between his parents never fazed Tony. He held Blu close and listened but ignored it.
Steve sets down the orange he is peeling and further wraps his wing around Tony. It aches but the salt water did wonders for him, bathing within the cradle of Mother Earth helped. “Very much.”
“Hope is my world, that’s right and it helps to have an anchor. You gotta find one Steve. You won’t survive if you don’t have something to anchor you out of the mindset. Remember sex isn’t love. It’s just sex. That’s all.” Scott sounds beaten. “I don’t want you to get broken, Cap. You’re too good for this life, you know.”
She stops and taps the laptop. "They're moving me to London. Perhaps you can take some of my things and store them for me?"
Clint spins around like a drunken top once, wobbles a little, and then spots the painting. “Don’t know. Been there about a week, though.”
Eventually, Steve moved away and the closeness became awkward. He stood up and thanked Tony, excusing himself as he opened and closed his hands as if he wanted to hold onto the moment but at the same time wanted to shove it away. Tony didn’t stand, didn’t get up to move after him. He let Steve go because he had no real words to offer how to make his unease in intimate moments better. Maybe it was because Tony usually laughed off close moments, throwing in a sarcastic remark or quip in order to lighten the mood and cast off the emotional burdens.
Wanda huffs and Clint gulps back a cough as if he’s trying not to laugh. None of this is funny in Steve’s eyes. On the other hand, Natasha silently nods and walks back to her office. Steve trails behind her, feeling a little like a man on death row. When he enters the room, Natasha closes the door behind him, points to the chair and without even a whisper commands him to sit down.
“They don’t plan on killing him,” Clint murmured. “They plan on making sure he lives a long time.” His words were whispered.
“Is fucked, but it will last me the day.” Tony reaches back to find Steve’s hand and curls it around him. Steve’s hand falls on the plate of the device in his chest. Tony lifts Steve’s hand to his lips. “Or more.”
Bruce spoke but Steve didn’t know if it was out loud or through the bond. “I’m going to open it up now. Stay a beat away. The fracture is up ahead.”
“Barton is out of the picture for a while. He needs to debrief and to reset his life and mind.” Fury slashed his hand to keep Steve from asking anything more about Clint. “He needs time to reset. Don’t worry about him.”
. Then Tony pieced it together with the long ago meeting with Clara Fury revealed. SHIELD, Coulson. It had been a place and a name. Fury was still inside, Coulson was a good man. SHIELD had been the place – the place that Fury had been still inside. The place he’d found that Rumlow worked. He could have gone down farther into the rabbit hole, but he didn’t. He’d put everything aside once he figured out he was dying of Palladium poisoning. Why bother with the dead?
“Tony,” Pepper said, and it jogged him out of his reverie. “There’s data – over thirty years of data on 18704.”
“I think it’s both.” He bops her on the nose. “Now I think it’s time for sleeps. Don’t you think it’s time for sleeps?”
“Natasha told me.” He wanted to say so much more but the thing inside him, the cancer, the turmoil – whatever it was – devour every last fiber of strength and endurance he had. An urge to sleep, to hibernate away from everything came over him. It hurt to deny it.
Even as Tony strides down the corridor, Steven keeps up with him. Over the course of the week in space, his body healed and he put on weight. Tony’s pleased he didn’t just try and starve himself. Yet there’s something simmering about the omega that Tony hasn’t figured out. It might be that fact that attracts him.
“Good lord!” Jarvis rubbed Tony’s back. “That’s just a fairy tale. They’re trying to scare you, Anthony.”
“You’re not wrong,” Steve replies and for a moment Tony has no idea what he means. He looks over his shoulder at his team leader. Steve rolls his eyes and shakes his head. “You said you don’t think they’re coming.” He shows Tony the phone, wiggling it in the air. “You’re not wrong. They can’t make it. The storm shut down the airport.”
They both had to deal with it. But they didn’t. Steve didn’t.  In short order, they were dismissed after all of the tests confirmed what they already knew: Bruce had linked up to Steve as the first of his pack. It put Steve on edge that SHIELD must have been experimenting with identifying packs, because how else would they have the instruments to do it? Steve could have lingered, but he was a man of action more than one of discussion and debate. He slipped out of the headquarters for SHIELD in Manhattan and found his way back to his apartment. It wasn’t much of a place and had a decided tilt toward brown and beige as far as decorating was concerned. He stayed there only because SHIELD paid for it. It was a temporary situation. Boxes in the corner attested to that since Steve was scheduled to move to Washington DC to start his new job with SHIELD.
“And how I’m orbiting close?” Tony said and swallowed down the surprising fear that caged him, made him feel like a prisoner in his own skin.
“Good boy. He’ll love you in that,” Natasha says. “Listen, I have to go. Keep me updated and Steve keep your feet on the ground, okay?”
Tony adjusts himself, sitting fully in Steve and then he reaches out and glides a finger up his cock, playing with the sensitive head. In response, Steve moans and throws his head back, then without warning he jerks and fucks into Tony’s fist. A fountain of come hits Tony and Steve tightens around him, convulsing with his orgasm. That’s for Tony, he can’t hold back. He slams into Steve one more time and then tips over the edge, howling as he does. It’s so right and perfect his brain blanks out and he’s riding, pulsing, and then falling on top of Steve.
Sam whips around and glares directly at Tony. “Not like this. This wasn’t supposed to be life and death. What the hell kind of game did you play, Stark?”
“You got it bad for him, Tony. That’s nothing to be ashamed of,” Bruce says. He shrugs out of time with what he’s saying as if he’s not comfortable with his own body.
Steve walks mechanically over to the bathroom, pulls out the toothbrush and yanks it out of the wrapping. He smears toothpaste on the brush and stares at himself in the mirror. The idea of sitting next to Tony in
“Tell me about it,” Bucky says and scratches at the back of his neck. “Kind of makes you nostalgic for the good old days of hauling crap around the Rims.”
“And you’re going to let that stop us?” Steve whoops into the microphone and then the motorcycle charges down the road.
“Husband, sweetie. I know you haven’t really come out of the closet yet, but you got married so you’re going to have to get used to it, right?” Tony pushes past the nurses that are standing there shocked and speechless. He grabs Steve in his arms and hugs him. Immediately, Steve nuzzles into his shoulder and sighs. Tony feels his entire body relax. If there’s one thing Tony’s sure of – he’s doing the right thing. Whatever or whoever Steve is – he doesn’t deserve to be a lab rat.
Tony’s horse follows, but not as spooked. As a rider, Tony’s not as skilled as Steve, but he bears the reins well, and manages to steer the horse to a sedate march. He pulls up on the reins and the horse follows Tony’s lead instead of the bucking lead horse’s direction. The horse stops and Tony swings off, rushing to Steve’s side.
Already, Steve feels his cock give a twitch. He settles on top of Tony. It would be easier if they were back to back, but this is fine. He doesn’t want to look up at Tony, because if he does he knows he’ll say it. He knows he’ll reveal with words screaming in his head.
Natasha sips her drink once, considers him, nods, and then downs the rest of it. “I’ll see what I can do. But no promises.”
Steve confronted him. He hates thinking about the argument that ensued. He avoids memories of it. It only makes him feel dirty, perverse, and disgusted with himself. He’d thought everything was going to be all right, that Tony remembered. All he felt like afterward was an abuser.
He pulls open his collar to reveal his gland. It’s pristine and perfect, though it does leak bonding secretions because he is close to heat.
“Well, it’s better than Shithead, so yeah, I think so,” Tony says. His critical eye goes to Steve as if to question what’s going on. Steve chuckles inwardly. He’s surely turned the tables on Tony’s intention of the day. Another win for Steve and Tony knows it. Of course, the prince is going to rise to the occasion. “I was thinking maybe I could look at some silk ties. Not ties for dress but for other uses.” He side-eyes Steve and watches as the mark hits home.
“I made sure they were all hypo-allergic.” Tony waves his hand over the selection, and even though he tries Steve sees a slight tremor in his fingers. “You pick what you want. I want to take care of you, make this right.” He rubs at the bridge of his nose. “I’m so sorry Steve, I never realize-.”
The omega doesn’t reply and Tony weighs whether or not this was a smart choice. Granted, he hadn’t planned on finding some of his mother’s inheritance on Nod. Truth be told, he finds bits and pieces of her inheritance and her holdings all the time. She squirreled things away. Part of her legacy was her Foundation, but it still keeps its secrets – even from him. That’s something he needs to address as well.
“Something happened the last time you were in New York, did that person break up with you?” Pepper asks. She’d guessed a long time ago that he’d fallen in love, heart and soul.
The bite never comes. Instead, Blu clenches Tony’s body in his mouth and starts to drag him away from the armor. He’s so gentle and careful, Tony shivers in his grasp. Blu continues away from the bare patch of ground where only short shrubbery and brambles grew. The rocks, sticks, and weeds tug and poke into Tony. He feels every loose pebble and thorn as the big cat maneuvers him into the shade of a large copse of trees. This is where the lion will feast and a small sob escapes Tony’s throat.
“Yes, he’s been reviewing a lot of your history and as he does he comments about life as an omega,” Penny replies.
He looks to find Tony resting on one of the chairs with its back to the bed.  He twists around to peer at Steve from the side of the chair. He’s in a new suit and his hair isn’t matted anymore. He’s obviously taken a shower and cleaned up. Jumping up he crosses the room and asks, “What’s going on? Are you okay?”
“Well, the sooner you admit it, I’d bet the sooner you’ll find a way to work together to stop Ultron.”
“Christine. Always a pleasure.” He smiles that disarming smile; the press is always fooled by it. Steve never is; its plastic, pasted on. “It’s not about accepting being blind or not. It’s about accepting who I am. And do you know who I am, dear Christine? Right here, before you, I’m standing here the man who gave the world the arc reactor for clean energy. We launch our new smart street technology next week. And talking about launching, with the arc reactor we’re working with NASA to leapfrog the new space program milestones ahead of where it is now. On top of that, the Pym and Stark collaboration will change the face of medicine as we know it. So, Christine, it is about who I am. I am Tony Stark.” He raises his hand and the crowd around her cheers.
“Let’s take a break. The Binding is frayed but not broken. It will grow more painful now that we are almost to the Revelation.”  She goes to stand up, but he captures her wrist.
Tony poured himself two fingers of Scotch and went to the balcony to watch the black of the ocean, listen to the waves, and look on the horizon for the lights of the shipping lanes. He ached with need, with desire. It scared him that his yearning centered around something insubstantial, not Pepper. Ever since that moment with Rogers in his apartment, something felt off, odd, wrong. The funny thing was – it wasn’t a physicality that he wanted or needed. He sat there as the crash of waves whispered to him and he closed his eyes, trying to find some balance. Something deep in him reached out, as if he stretched out his own hand and touched, caressed, made contact with something
“I think you’re over simplifying it,” Tony says and he knows he’s only distracting them from the real topic. He doesn’t want to face up to his own failures, because how he sees Steven now is different than how he saw him on that first day. Those hours on Nod, Tony saw Steven as a tool, a means to an end. A requirement he didn’t want to deal with, but now there’s something different. The moment he saw Steven – Tony can pin it down – that moment took root in his soul and everything changed. He’s been fighting against it ever since. Tony’s feelings are brewing, growing inside. With every passing day, he admires Steven more, sees him as a Captain among all, not just omegas. “I decide how I’ll act. It’s not just how I was trained. I see the world as it is.”
“Well, we’ll figure it out when the time comes. Right?” Tony looked to Natasha for some support. She agreed.
“Jarvis is Jarvis. I picture him as my dad. Not like my dad dad but my dad. He’s always cared for me that way,” Tony says and lifts his hand away from Steve.
He only managed to grumble in reply. Bruce was just Bruce but he seemed magnified, larger, more than himself. The loudness of his presence deafened Tony and he cringed in response to Bruce’s questions. He couldn’t answer them, the din around him, in him, muted any response.  Bruce caught hold of his shirt and dragged him along to meet Natasha and her crew.
What exactly did he mean by that – how could a specimen be company? Tony glanced around the yard. It reminded him of a prison yard. He spotted some workout stations and wondered if those were for the guards. Sawyer confirmed his suspicions.
He cuts right along the collarbone from the top of his shoulder until he’s at the center of his neck. Blood starts to run down his chest but he ignores it. Going to the top of his shoulder he then slides the blade from the original incision up toward his ear. He nicks something deep and his muscles along his neck and back tense. His hands tremble as sweat gathers along his hair line. Blood runs down his back. It’s sharp and brilliant in the pain but he keeps at it. Next he picks up the mini tac skinner knife and begins to peel back his skin. He has to stop at one point as his eyes tear and he shivers from the pain. He puffs out his breath. He swallows down the fear, the pain, the hollowness. He has to finish this. There’s no turning back.
But it wasn't loud enough to cover the roar that made the hair on Steven's body stand on its end, even while being frozen in place, the Omega wondered if he was breathing at that moment because his chest was hurting, it was hurting so much the same as his midsection, a pain that seemed to go on and on.
"…An oath breaker…" Steven's choked pulling his hands from the king's; his body was shaking as he tried to stop the tears from running down his face… how stupid was Steven really to trust someone just because they were from Brookland like him? just because the Beta took a sacred oath didn't mean that an oath can't be broken, just because he gave information hoping for a rescue, didn't mean that his pleas will be answered… today Steven was proven how stupid he was for trusting one of his people.
… thought Tony as he starts dragging Jarvis's body away. He left Jarvis in the closet upward and hoped against hope that no one was going to find him, Tony was lucky he was able to sneak into his father's office and get the mobile out. Heart hammering in his chest as he hears crashes and shouting coming from downstairs, he hopes that aunt Peggy was going to answer.
It ends up with Anthony lying in the bed one day after talking to Steve, he imagines the Omega lying by his side, talking with Anthony about something that happened to him today, it ends up with him imagining the Omega turning to him and smiling gently at him, heart pounding in his chest, Anthony imagine sitting up and lowing himself to kiss the Omega's full lips. It ends up with Anthony falling from his bed with a flushed face and the realization that he not only lust after the Omega but he wanted his love…
"I'm sorry Tony…" Peter mumbled as he hides his face in Tony's breast, which made the Omega let loose a shuddered breath, kissing the boy's forehead a few times, trying to regain his composure to answer the boy and hoping that he wouldn't make Peter cry.
With a skip in his steps, Tony started walking toward his beloved mansion, humming a creepy song under his breath, and to his delight, the baby seemed to actually enjoy it if the coos and giggle were anything to go by. So cute! A boy that not only was he part-mutant-part-vampire or whatever he really was, but a baby that doesn't fear the creepy aura Tony has! Tony couldn't help but let out a dark chuckle, he wondered how his husband would react when he bring the baby home.
If you thought that Tony used to avoid Steve in the past few months of pregnancy then you haven't seen anything; because as of now Steve was 89% sure that Tony moved out of their home and into his office or the penthouse above SI. It was hard, it was heartbreaking, it made Steve feel like he was lacking something, because why else would Tony refuse to return home and be with Steve? Why wouldn't Tony be home with his pregnant mate preparing everything for their child if he didn't feel like Steve was lacking something? Maybe Steve shouldn't have said anything, maybe he should have kept his mouth shut; maybe then Tony will at least be with him for a little bit, even when it meant that Steve would only be wanted for sex.
"No, he wasn't a bother at all." Tony said as he led the Alpha to the kitchen, which made the Alpha blink at that in confusion. "I want to talk to you about what happened today." Tony said as he sighed and ran his hand through his hair which made Steve tense a little. "Clint… he came this afternoon to talk to me, Peter saw him and went into a full-blown panic attack I was able to calm him down, he is watching TV right now, Steve, what did Clint meant when he said the pup fear Omegas?" Tony plea with the Alpha to explain as much as he hated to plea for anything, he couldn't help but do it, he wanted to know what happened to Peter, why was the pup this afraid.
Suddenly the Captain laid his baby on the ground and flipped over which made him fall on his back which made Peter blink and turns around to look at the Captain. "Go easy on me, big fella, I am old." Steve said with a smile as he gazed at Peter while tilting his head, making the boy's eyes widen like saucers, and for his jaw to drop, Tony even saw sparkles in there, his baby was already believing that he was the one who flipped Captain America.
"You surely have something wrong in the brain if you thought I will ever help you," Steven hissed like a furious lion, his eyes darting to Bucky who looks worse and worse every moment that went, and it made Steven tense when Bucky let out a muffled moan of suffering that if not for the serum running inside of his body, he would have never discovered it.
"Yes, Mrs. Rogers?" Tony questioned in a polite tone, tilting his head to the side waiting for the Alpha to say what she came here to say, wanting desperately to have a good day without someone turning his mood sore more than it already was, considering that he was still sad that his father didn't make it, or maybe he didn't want to show up, after all, Tony did brush him away for more than two years and a half, when all his father wanted to do, was explaining things to him.
"Well, my present isn't here." Steve said with lips twitching up which caused Tony's smile to slip for a little time before it returned, hoping that no one saw the slip. "But if you follow me…" Steve sing-song as he stood up which made everyone look at one another then at Tony, but the Omega's excitement returned ten volts and he nearly jumped from his seat on the sofa, carrying Peter in his arms when the babe raised his arms, the walk was not short, but not that long either, but when the Omega's crossed his father's lab he paused, not knowing why they were the basement, but he followed the Alpha anyway until they reached a door the farthest away. "Open it." Steve said as he pointed to the door, which made the Omega look at the Alpha, excitement and nervousness warring inside, but Peter was hopping in his arms which gained Tony the confidence to open the door.
Tony can understand what Rhodey meant and what the man wanted to tell him; he understands it perfectly. But the thing was, Tony knew that if he installed the A.I. then he couldn't live in ignorance anymore, it meant that Stane won and that Tony will finally see this strange town as what it is. A town, full of scary secrets and literal monsters that don't live in the closets or children's imaginations.
“I’m sorry,” Tony says. “It sucks, kiddo. But Kate is a different age bracket than you, which means it’s a no go. By all means, think that she’s pretty, but don’t beat yourself up over it. And also, I am not having a kid of mine marry a Hawkeye. I’m sorry, but it’s not happening.”
“No,” Tony says, through a mouthful of foam. “He was too busy being tragic and insulting me, so I didn’t bother. Though he did say that he’s not gay, so that rules out Pietro.”
believable - and taken a date that is not Steve which is not allowed, but then Natasha appears and he slumps forwards in relief.
“Because he jumped over the hedge and tried to get photos of us, and when we tried to get past him, the lensy bit on his camera hit Anna on her head!”
But It’s too late because Bucky is leaning back and cupping his hands around his mouth like a goddamn megaphone, and he shouts, “GENDER IS A SOCIAL CONSTRUCT” loud enough for the whole freaking store to hear. Everyone nearby freezes and
Clint gets out of bed with infinitely less grace than Bucky, yanking a shirt over his head and stumbling across the room. He pushes Arto out of the room and follows him, yawning widely. It takes him a while to find his way to coffee, obviously not used to the layout of the penthouse apartment.
He lets the conversation wash over him, sitting down on the floor and poking around the toys that are already strewn over the carpet. Anna crawls over in short order, obviously having decided that being held is for suckers. He waves her toy piggy bank at her and she nods vigorously, pulling open the compartment to get the big fake coins out. He reaches over to help and she makes a sound of objection, pushing his hands away and clearly determined to do it herself.
“I know, pot, kettle, right? But like recognizes like as well, so I’m gonna keep asking why you’re being weird. Oh god, you’re not about to go through more puberty are you?”
“Seconded,” Steve says, braking hard to avoid the pandemonium of removal vans and SHIELD agents. They’re like ants crawling over the driveway, moving in a haphazard column up to the front door. The front door which is actually two doors, at the top of a set of wide stone steps. It’s almost as wide as the freaking steps that lead up to his school. Fuck, he can’t live in a house that’s as fancy as the goddamn mansion school he goes to, that’s just
Steve spits out the popcorn. “Well, shit,” he says, dropping his hands from where he was ready to fend off any more popcorn projectiles. “Tony, go get him back.”
Another Counterpart instalment finished! Thank you to everyone who has ever dipped into the world of my favourite baby super-solider; your support means more to me than anything. I have one more big story planned for this universe but am ALWAYS down to talk about Arto and Co., and I do take requests and prompts too :D
“Of course he does, he wants to make everything okay for you, he would literally break the universe for you if it made you feel better, and he feels shitty that he can’t. Actually, scratch that, I don’t think he’s realized that he can’t fix this one, no matter how much he wants to.”
“He wants a full manicure and gel polish in some horrendous glittery shade, probably,” Natasha says before he can even start to think ‘oh fuck, what do I say?’ “Right?”
The night before Arto’s second day at school, a full week after the first, Steve is woken at 4am by a smaller version of himself wriggling into his bed, kneeing him in the thighs and hitting him in the chin with a teddy bear. Steve groans, wondering if it would make him a bad parent if he simply pushed Arto back out again.
Tony nods. “Yeah, and you were going through your Cinderella phase. But didn’t Natasha talk to you about gender identity then?”
“Yep!” Clint shouts back and then he’s gone and Tony is left holding Anna up, looking at her with a resigned expression on his face as she kicks her feet and tries to jam her entire first into her mouth, grey eyes on Tony’s.
His jaw works and then he sighs, rubbing at his forehead. “Okay, point made,” he says. “Let me shut this all down and then I’ll come up with you.”
Arto scrambles up, almost kicking Clint in the head as he climbs off the bed. He feels a little bit sick. “Okay,” he says. “Okay.”
“I know,” Natasha sing-songs and Arto makes a sound not dissimilar to a growl, getting up and stalking away, his face bright red. Steve watches him go, mouth hanging open until Clint throws a piece of popcorn into it.
“But Steve’s sad,” he chooses for saying. He swallows hard. Thinks about telling Tony about his silent phone and his crisis at breakfast time.
Steve had no idea what Tony was talking about so he stayed silent. “She – the girl what did Hill say her name was again?”
Steve releases most (not all) of the resentment building in him. He understands what Tony wants to do; he wants to prove to the people who discriminate that they do so with prejudice and that they shouldn’t tailor their response to clothes or status. “It doesn’t matter Tony.” He takes the clothes from the prince and places them back on the rack. “Once you leave it will be back to business as usual. They’ll be on their best behavior with you around.” He turns to a stunned Tony standing before him with a miserable expression. Caressing his cheek, Steve says, “We can go shopping, just let’s not try to save the entirety of the Conclave today.”
“You could say that,” Tony says and sighs. He doesn’t want to do this, but there’s no other way. Over the last few days he’s come to terms with the fact that he played around for the last few weeks with Steve, teasing him, playing with him, dating him because he thought Steve would come to his senses and leave. After all, Tony’s an arrogant son of a bitch according to Natasha’s profile of him (not in so many words, of course). Eventually, Steve was going to figure it out; he’s a smart dude. But the fact is while Tony was playing, he was also denying truths that had laid dormant for so long it physically hurts inside to actually admit it. The moment he saw Steve, the moment he woke up from the ice, Tony knew – he knew this man would change his life forever. He would make him strive to be better, he would make him challenge the world to be better. Steve would change everything for him and Tony would celebrate it always. Because that’s what love does.
Instead of playing out the rest, instead of calling out to Peggy, he turned to his soul bond – this foreign thing that infected him, split his soul into so many others and linked him to this new world. Today, Tony changed it. He did something wondrous and terrifying. He manipulated the strings and chords of their souls together. Tony had done it purposefully, not accidentally like all of the times Steve had called out or changed things. Steve had always been a fast learner, had always hungered to learn. Even in the depths of poverty he sought knowledge. He’d learned as much as he could about the soul pack, about the bonds that brought them together – but that was like being book smart as his mother would say. He needed more practical experience. The thing inside of him, the bond tethering him to so many others, became not a drag or an anchor, but a beacon to him. He focused through the lanes of the energy. He could call out to Sam or Natasha or any one of them.
Howard placed a finger on the top comic book. “Read these. I’ll get you some history books so you can read about how a real man fights a war. You need to know these things, if you’re going to run Stark Industries someday.” He left Tony’s small workshop which was just a small room off his bedroom.
“How’d you get so knowledgeable about soul mates and packs?” He appreciated her frank words, but he still felt adrift. He treaded water while she swam Olympic laps around him.
“The ocean, the waters, your care have done wonders,” Steve replies. He doesn’t need to say more, he hopes, because he cannot. The words are choked in his throat.
Tony feels the heat flush to his cheeks. He's saved from answering the young woman by a voice from the stairs. "You okay, Nat?"
Slipping out of bed, Steve pads to the attached bathroom and quickly and efficiently cleans up. He notes the marks on his neck and chest from the prince and wishes he was back in his quarters so he could properly cover them with some of the makeup the Brothel purchased for him. It wouldn’t do to have him walking around in the Prince’s ship looking like a slut. He feels the flush of heat to his face. Under his breath he reminds himself he’s not a slut, he’s a sex worker and that’s a profession. He provides comfort and care to lost souls and if there’s anyone out there that’s lost – it’s the prince.
“Fine.” Steve tenses but allows the touch. After all, touching is allowed. That’s who he is – he doesn’t own his body anymore, not during the assignment.
“I wasn’t, I wasn’t turned like normal vampires,” Bruce said and bit back his lips. “It was an experiment. We were trying to reverse the whole thing. You know? We wanted to save the undead. I swear it. It didn’t work. I used the serum on me – it was supposed to be a mixture of the super soldier serum like Steve has and a cure for the vampire disease.”
“Oh, we know about the Falcon!” Cooper said. “Is it hard landing, because I don’t see how that bird suit is aerodynamic.” His eyes glittered with enthusiasm and Steve could see Sam having a hard time keeping himself in check. It was adorable to see Sam on the other end of the adoration.
"Don't worry, get yourself ready to go," Steve yells back as the door explodes inward. Steve leaps at their assailants, kicking one and then shoving another in the face with his outstretched hands. He whips some of the discarded metal at another of the attackers like it's a discus or shield. Turning, he topples the man with a quick jab to the throat and then he sets on the horde streaming through the door. Picking up the abandoned assault rifle from one of his first victims, Steve nods to Tony and then fires the gun, screams, and sets on the terrorists. In seconds, he has them on the run, and he sprints after them, down the dank tunnel.
“Let’s see it then,” Happy said. Times like these reminded Tony why he kept Happy on the payroll as his personal guard. Even with Iron Man, he needed someone with a steady hand and head to help both Pepper and him.
“The Chair. No. Not a chance. I saw what it did to the last person who sat in it. No thank you,” Natalie says and leans back. “Spector was a good man, but he had too many ghosts haunting him and he lost his omega because of it. I don’t intend to do that. I’ll stay with my wayfarin-.”
“I’d hope not, but Pierce, who is definitely not in the good column, may have control of me, and you, eventually, maybe-.” Steve stops. “It isn’t an automatic sentence, but the Realms and the Heavens wouldn’t look too kindly on me considering we’re in the middle of a Collapsing Event.”
Their captors come with shock sticks and bully clubs. They unlock the lion as it roars at them, arching away instead of attacking. Tony wonders at the lion as it quiets and follows the men out of the cave, the long thick chain dragging along the rocky floor. The lion looks back at Tony with a mournful glance before its captor tugs it to follow. They leave and Tony worries he’ll never see the lion again.
Steve rubs his hands down his jeans. “Okay. I’ll get some firewood and then I may go up to my room for a bit to work, if you don’t mind?”
“Natasha was taking care of most of them. I don’t know.  She sent Thor to the other covens, he can’t help. All hell just broke loose,” Tony said and followed him as they continued toward the elevator bank. A rumble thundered through the house and they stopped, listening. “Fuck, that was fast. They’re here.”
“Securing perimeter for entrance. Thor and Falcon follow the wayward pack members,” Tony said and blasted off a round of rockets and repulsor fire toward the gates to open them for Steve.
“That shouldn’t be your answer,” Tony says, putting the teacup on the table and leaning forward. “How is it, if I went back to New York City, I would be welcome in the finest houses and entertained by the politico while you-.”
When Steve arrived at Vormir to return the soul stone, the specter had been simply a ghost of itself. It almost looked like wandering rags without a being. Steve had tried to talk to it, to reason with it, but there was nothing there – just an empty shell. Now Natasha brings Steve to the specter and the thing – it isn’t a phantom or a darkened hooded cloak. It is Steve’s nightmare.
Sam’s usual smile faded. He went to sit up and the medical staff stepped back, allowing him. “God, Steve, I didn’t know it was that bad until everything happened. They didn’t come until after the attack on the Triskelion. The whole place just fucking blew up after that. The President declared martial law. Congress wouldn’t stand up to him. Forget about checks and balances.”
Bucky calls him on it. “Damn, Rogers, stop trying. It’s pathetic to watch you try and lie, you know?” He smiles but it’s halfhearted and aching. “You need to listen to me, now.”
In the corner Bruce pushes off the wall and says, “The poison is something different, I recognize the chemistry of it but then again not.  I haven’t seen it before. Tony’s gone to look something up on it. I don’t think I got it all.”
“Yeah,” Tony said. He recalled those nights with Bruce. While the man could be a little bit standoffish due to his past, he had a brilliant mind and, as scientists, they worked well together. They tweaked some of the perimeter security as well as JARVIS’ functionality in order to tighten up the borders. “Good times.”
As his mind wanders through the information he collected, Steve nearly misses the turn and Clint grabs his arm and turns him toward the Elite private docks. “This way.”
Bucky stumbles to his feet, hovering over a slumped Steve. “They’re all the people you killed. All of them. Kids, women, old men. All of them. See them, Stevie. See that one – he followed you into the battle when you brought SHIELD down, but he died because of his faith in you. See that boy, he died because of your foolishness during the Chitauri invasion – thinking a band of six could go against an army.” Bucky wipes the blood away from his face. “You always were arrogant, stubborn, and stupid. What did Ultron say to you?” Bucky smiles, his teeth are stained with the blood Steve put there. “ ‘God's righteous man. Pretending you could live without a war.’ Always looking to force more death so you can feel important. Why Stevie? Why?”
“No, tubercul-,” he coughs and then changes his answer. “She got an infectious disease from one of her patients. Couldn’t shake it.”
“So much better. It looks and feels real. God, look at you!” Tony rushes up to him and touches his face, feeling the curvature of his cheekbones, the angle of his jaw. “I felt this, I touched you, and now, now I can see it all.”
The guards start to follow but the prince holds up his hand to stop them. “Stand guard.” He closes the door before the guards can protest. Happy is going to be furious.
Eventually, the team lost interest – or Fury growled at them and they were dismissed to leave both Bruce and Steve in the midst of a flurry of doctors and nurses checking on them. Steve sat across from Bruce on a gurney. Bruce, now clothed in scrubs, tried not to meet Steve’s gaze. The idea that Bruce might be in his head all the time, terrified him. So Steve tried to send thoughts to Bruce or at least read something in his mind. He got nothing for it. Was that a blessing or a curse? Steve had no idea.
Tony turned over and lazily licked the wound he’d given Steve. His salivary glands filled his mouth and he spread the anticoagulant into the puncture wounds. The warmth of Steve’s body heat never ceased to amaze Tony. He couldn’t remember ever being so warm and comfortable in his own skin when he was alive. He brushed a hand over Steve’s chest and down to his flank. His uniform pants where down at his knees. Tony had only pulled away his own pants and boxers.
He pulled out the egg carton, butter, and then found the frying pan. With some cheese, onions, and milk he set about making omelets. He didn’t have any ham at all and wondered just how he had all the fresh groceries stocked in his refrigerator, but then he recalled JARVIS.
He has clear his mind, because if he doesn’t he’s liable to rip Tiberius Stane apart with his bare hands. From everything he’s seen and everything that Pepper told him, Steve knows there’s more. Tony Stark knows how to hide secrets; even if he doesn’t recall his time as a Courtesan anymore, those talents are second nature.
Fuck, is he so transparent? “Bye Nat.” He disengages the connection before she can lecture him on getting too attached to the prince. She essentially already inferred that he’s too attached to all of his clientele (well, the repeat ones anyhow). Yet, he feels it’s his job to be attached, to offer succor and comfort to those fighting for their very survival. To be able to offer some sort of happiness to the prince, it seems like a small thing to sacrifice his heart for, doesn’t it? He can take a few hurts to his heart if he gives this week his all.
Tony doesn’t look up right away. He keeps his eyes closed as he concentrates on the feeling. “Like I’m missing something. Like if I lose Steve now, I’ve lost every chance I could have had. If I lose him, then the world’s gone askew.” He looks up then, his eyes ache. “I know that sounds like I’ve lost it. But I haven’t. I swear it.”
He sees two copper wires and pulls them out of the side. They are attached somewhere inside the device but the two ends are free. He pulls the battery to him and finds the nodes to attach the wires. His fingers are numb and he fumbles with the wires. He needs to use delicate, precise motion to get them attached, but he can barely hold onto the battery let alone get the damned things wired to Tony.
“GAH!” Tony comes in long hot spurts – white strings decorating his chest and belly. Just the sight of him, debauched and filthy launches Steve and he pounds into Tony once, twice, and then he’s coming hot and heavy into Tony. He comes and comes, emptying his balls into the prince until it’s painful and dry. He drops down. His brain mush, his limbs tingling, and his head blank with pleasure.
As a young man, Tony had a chance to accept a ride on the space shuttle. It was a glorious opportunity, but he hadn’t passed the tests because he went to the evaluation too drunk to see straight. The shuttle exploded on its return journey. Tony counted himself as lucky then, but maybe he wasn’t lucky at all. Maybe he was meant to be on the flight, maybe he should have died then, maybe none of this would have happened had it not been for Tony and his needs.
“Why Rhodey, that’s positively unenlightened of you. Mentally ill patients are usually not violent at all.” Tony grasps Steve’s arm. “And my hubby here is far from mentally ill. Let’s just call Blu the kind of guy that’s the silent but strong type. Like a lion.”
Steve twisted around to see the bare shoulder of the man lying beside him. The sheet and bedspread had been pushed lower, draped over the hip of the man – of Tony. Steve swallowed hard and reached out as if to touch him – but then he yanked his hand back. It made no sense because he wasn’t him anymore. He wasn’t Captain America. He was skinny, sickly Steve Rogers again, before Project Rebirth.
“I can read him clear as a bell. He wants you gone. You’re a problem. You’re the problem.” Alternate Steve smiles and then steps away, giving Tony space, leaving him abandoned, alone to figure out the truth. The shadows shift and move in the corridor like phantoms of their pasts.
Waving a smartphone at Tony, Steve scoffed. “You should be getting a text any second. See you tomorrow, Tony.” He smiled and then the video cut off.
“Are you?” Tony looked up at Steve – even the paleness of his skin looked refined and sculpted in the daylight. The way he asked the question, though, showed Steve the very core of Tony’s self-hatred.
As the fire flickered in the center of their group, the buzz from their soul bonds grew and wrapped them all, even the ones not bonded into a security shield. With his eyes closed Steve could feel each energy signature. The last days had taught him the resonance and vibrancy of each of their souls. Now as he found his way through the thicket to the creek, he reached out to each soul to enhance the data that JARVIS streamed through the comms.
The dawning might have blinded him if it had been any brighter. “Wow, I didn’t -. I hadn’t thought about that.”
“Best that you do. Though we depend on our mates as our daylight caretakers, we must also care for them and ensure they stay healthy and willing to pair with us.”
Looking over her shoulder, Natasha says, “Hold him still or else this bullet is going to stay where it is and he’ll have another festering wound.”
Happy excuses himself and then Steve’s left alone with Pepper and Rhodes. He licks his lips and waits. Everything seems to quiet in the eerily decorated room. It really does look like a salon from medieval days. He clears his throat and asks, “What’s this about?” He can’t stand the pressure of waiting any longer.
Clint loops the ship low toward the plateau but it’s rocked by a barrage of fire from oncoming tie-fighters. He spins the ship to avoid too many impacts and then manages to fly straight toward them. The bottom hatch of the ship opens and a ladder automatically descends. This is Bucky’s way out, but he has to wait for Sam to pick up Steve. In seconds Sam flies to the ground, jogging a few feet as he lands. As he sees Steve, his expression turns from concerned to horrified.  He knows they don’t have time, so he doesn’t ask any questions. The tie-fighters fire at them; the bolts chewing up the rocks and spitting the shrapnel all around, nearly blinding them in the debris.
Thankfully, the prince’s features soften to an almost playful expression. “Don’t tell me I have competition.”
“You’re not my coven mistress, you know,” Steve said and left Tony’s side to push the door closed. “We’ll be right out.” Turning, Steve asked, “She’s not a coven mistress anymore, is she? I mean technically, she’s not even a vampire.”
The moment of truth. Steve places his fork on the table and stares at the intricate pattern of the plate with its navy blue color and streaks of gold weaving an abstract design. “Okay.” He clears his throat and looks Tony straight in the eyes. “I can’t figure out Mer Stane.” It’s not the whole truth, but it borders on some of the truth. “It’s driving me nuts.”
Steve huffs behind him in that exasperated mode he always uses with Tony. “I don’t see why. The storm is getting worse.” Steve glances at his phone – getting him technically aware has been the bane of Tony’s existence. “Weather has several warnings. Blizzard warnings. Looks pretty bad.” He lifts the phone to show Tony again.
“Yeah,” Steve said and looked down at the papers. “People keep telling me that.” He glanced back up at Bruce. “Thank you, Bruce. I’ll keep in touch.”
They’d come full circle, but that’s what he did with Stark. They’d discuss, fight, debate, disagree, and then finally come back to the discussion points again. It was hard to imagine that they’d only know each other for less than a fortnight.  If he wanted to get on with his packing (what little there was) Steve had one avenue and one avenue only. “Okay then. Let’s do this.”
Tony confirms. “Up on the ridge, high up. There’s a flashing blue light. I’m assuming it’s the Passage. Ultron can’t hide it, exactly. Passages are there because they’re virtual footprints of his construction of the Hub.”
It’s Rhodes turn to whisper into Tony’s ear and he only smiles at his friend and then turns back to the microphone. “My mother wanted to share her love of art. This Foundation is her legacy. I want to share my fortunate life as well. I want to be able to know that no one will suffer from health or other issues because of lack of money and that’s why I am starting the Tony Stark Medical Foundation.”
“More, more.” Steve shoves back on Tony’s hand, angling his hips and getting it just right so that his prostate is hit every time. His cock bounces and jumps and he needs a hand on it. He tries to touch himself, but Tony whacks his hand away.
A swooshing wind barrels into them, shoving them both to their backs. Steve is the first to recover and he crawls over to Tony, hooks a hand under his arm and heaves them both to their feet. He ignores the creeping sensation of the world fragmenting around them, each wind gust peeling back layers that reveals only a void of nothingness and darkness beyond. Ultron has an outer rim of existence; they just need to get to it.
“Shield, her name is Shield,” Steve says and Happy gives him a fingered salute as he turns to lead Shield to a stall.  Jarvis waits on Steve as he watches the portly man lead his horse away.
Tony denies it. “He’s a meat eater. I’m meat, just glad he’s not here. Hoping he eats them.” He shakes away the concern that bubbles underneath the calm. Today he changes everything. He isn’t planning on dying, he isn’t planning on spending the last days of his life in his hell hole. First, he has to do something about the damned battery connected to his chest, then he’s going to blow this fucking place wide open – literally.
Tony seized Steve by his shoulders, his big, brawny shoulders and shook him. It felt like his bones rattled against Tony’s hands. The surprise of it jolted Tony, but he never let go. “You’re not going to make the same mistakes I always make. You can’t! Never you! God, I love you too damned much to see you do that same self-destructive behavior.”
Their next moment were something sacred and careful. Tony kissed him and explored him, and Steve marked it as the beginning of their relationship. Not the moment he met him as part of the Avengers, not the day in his apartment when they didn’t bond, not even the moment they bonded, nor the day that Steve had his first hand job, but this moment. The moment when they both freely and openly accepted the Beloved bond between them. They slept entangled with one another and the next morning, Steve welcomed Tony into his body as the sun dawned and painted the landscape outside of the barn in hues of orange and red. He fought against his own dying fears as Tony entered him, as he surrendered to the truth within and became who he was meant to be.
Irritation leaked into Bruce’s words but Tony realized he didn’t just hear it, he felt the rising tide of Bruce’s anger as he said, “I can’t get in to see him. The doctors are working on him right now.”
The thought of losing these afternoons and nights with Steve jolted like a hot stab wound to the belly. Tony placed his empty bottle on the table next to the mysterious photograph of a distant past. "Who? Who wouldn't let me see you?"
"Sweetie, don't cry, love, don't cry, I knew about that, please don't cry." Tony cooed pulling Harley into his embrace, kissing his head, and rocking him until he calmed down, wondering if he can do anything to make his baby stop crying. "It's just a glass baby, I would never punish you, especially for something as stupid as this, so don't cry, sweetie." Tony kept whispering reassuring words into Harley's ears, holding the boy tightly in his arms and letting his calming scent out, hoping that Harley would calm down; it took time but in the end, Harley finally calmed down, leaning tiredly on Tony as he tried to stifle his yawns but failing. "Sleepy?" Tony asked, getting a small nod from Harley who let out another yawn and clutched Tony's shirt tightly in his hands, causing the Omega to smile at that. "Why don't you sleep here with me tonight?" Tony asked, causing Harley to look up at him and blink before looking down, causing Tony to think that he messed up a big-time until he heard the small
"Tony?" Steven's gentle voice, made Tony panic, he stood up from his stool so fast that he hit his knees with the table, which caused him to curse and moan in pain, unaware of things falling from the worktable, until Steven was helping him pick them up, which caused Tony to curse like a sailor and drop to the floor hoping that Steven didn't see the tests sheets nor he saw that damned stick; how did he forget that he had an appointment with Steven? The two of them were going to talk about the schematics of the tech that they saw in Hydra's hideout. "What is this, Tony?" Steven asked slowly, finally removing his head from the stick to gaze at Tony who was trying not to panic more than he already was.
"You got furious… and you changed, nearly destroying your world, and broke your Shield… how did you snap out of that state?" Loki asked with wonder, wanting to know how someone who claimed to be savage and mindless was able to snap out of his angry state, it made Loki think in different possibility, mainly to stop Steven if the man ever becomes as angry as he claimed one day.
"Oh…" Steve murmured, looking at his hands, trying to avoid looking at Tony. Tony's heart dropped when he saw the glow around Steve deeming, which informed Tony that he had made a huge mistake and that he made Steve sad. It takes a real asshole to do that, and it seems that the asshole of the day was Tony.
