When Dean shows up at his motel room after spending his afternoon with Emma, Cas’ heart speeds to double time. He stands at the window watching as Dean steps out and approaches his door. When he knocks, Cas flings the door open, grins, and locks the door behind him. Cas soon finds himself in the middle of Baby’s front bench, his hand resting against the warm and soft spot between Dean’s thighs. He keeps stealing glances at Dean from the corner of his eyes, and in his peripherals, he would swear that Dean is smiling. Cas knows the feeling.
“Dean,” Cas starts slowly. Swipes his thumb along the soft skin under Dean’s eye. “I will never not love you.”
“Maybe you should have thought about your daughter before you decided to fuck
“How long do you want me to stay?” he asks with a smile, cocking his head at his niece.
“What?” Dean asks, leaning away from the hand John has against Dean’s face like it is on fire.
“True,” he offers with a smile, letting his legs hang down over the side. They sit in silence for while, listening to the quiet of their little world and pretending like nothing has changed between them. “But, you know,” Cas says finally, clasping his hands between his knees. “I did enjoy kissing you…physically of course, not in a way that would ruin our friendship, not emotionally.” Cas’ words tumble out of him, seemingly landing with splashes into the stream running beneath their feet. Dean’s face heats back up.
“Cas,” he hears, but he does not turn. If he turns, he breaks. “Wait. Cas,
“Dean Winchester wanting to talk,” Cas had tried to joke, voice falling flat, especially when Dean showed no trace of amusement.
“You son of a bitch! You’re fucking around with Ca—” she starts before Dean slaps a hand over her mouth.
“Fucking Dean,” Cas huffs with every step. Again, he doesn’t seem to be talking
“Oh?” she asks, barely hiding a smile. Cas is too distraught to notice. “Have you not spoken to him?”
He doesn’t last long.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m sorry, sweetheart,” she says softly as a single tear makes its way down Cas’ cheek. He wipes it away quickly with a shaky laugh.
Dean shook his head while he rounded back to the driver’s seat.
He sat down on the second plush chair behind the counter. Dean nodded and resumed his work, pushing some buttons to get the next cart to move and turning his music louder. He screamed over it.
“Cas, wait,” Dean said. He took hold of Cas’s hands. That’s when Dean’s parents decided to make their entrance.
Dean was relieved when the topic of Cas didn’t come up again. At first. Charlie even started teasing Sam about his salad choice.
Dean stood up, too. “I guess I’ll go pack the car.” He took Sam’s bag. “Be back in a bit.” He said the last part to Castiel. He didn’t want to leave him, he really didn’t.
“What do you mean? The park is closed, Dean.”
Sam came barreling into the staff locker room at half-past seven. He sat on the bench and watched while Dean checked himself over in the mirror again, adjusting his leather jacket over his button-down shirt.
“Remember, they’ll be watching your hallucinations on the screen. So pass your fears the Dauntless way, but do it quickly.”
Sam sighed and slumped against the wall when Dean was out of hearing range. “Don’t be mad at him, okay? He’s just looking out for you. We both are.”
Dean barely refrained from glaring up at her. She shrugged when he didn’t answer her at first, eyes wide. She put her hands up in surrender. “Okay, jeez, sorry I asked. That whole serial-killer face you got going on is super creepy.”
“I’m not sure exactly, but Zach’s been up to something, and with all the faction leaders here…things are getting dicey. I’m going to keep an eye on things tonight, but you should stay close to your friends, okay? Go to dinner with them, go to bed early. Stay in the dorm tonight.”
Dean turned to Cas, eyes gleaming, and turned the car around.
“You fight until one of you taps out,” Dean said, glancing at his group with open wariness. Cas wilted under the scrutiny.
When Dean smiled back at him, Cas’s eyes widened a bit and he just stared. Dean noticed how he was prone to do that during work, too, but found he didn’t mind. It gave him an excuse to look and look and…Cas had really nice eyes.
Cas closed his eyes when the shot rang out. When he opened them again they were in a room he immediately recognized.
Dean shook his head automatically but his mouth was still gaping like a fish out of water. He stepped back. He glanced back into the restaurant and gulped, because that was Cas sitting in there, with a pretty red-head Dean had never met. The was Cas reaching across the table to squeeze the girl’s hand. That was Cas, his Cas. The two of them were laughing and it made Dean’s head swirl.
Cas pushed himself up of the bed and hurried outside. Up ahead at the train platform, he could see the group of initiates jumping on. He started running. Every muscle in his body protested the movement, but he kept running. He was nearly there. The car remained just out of reach.
Dean nodded. He smirked slightly. “I always do.”
Without windows for natural light or light of any kind, waking up so late was disorienting. But both men felt well-rested, if not a little groggy.
It was weeks before either of the brothers saw Cas again. One morning, Dean went into the hallway and heard Sam talking to someone in the kitchen. He would recognize that deep rumble anywhere. He half-ran to the doorway, relief clear on his face.
“I don’t want to go too fast,” he whispered, glancing up with wide eyes.
“You know it’s not even possible to open this door midflight, right? The amount of pressure on the door would be…” he trailed off. Dean was glaring at him and he shrugged. “It’s not real. We could just jump.”
They were in a house now, and it was burning down around them. Cas started to cough immediately.
"Yes.”
“We’re going to work on strength training and fighting techniques. In a week we’ll start working with the weapons, but for now we’ll just be learning hand-to-hand. I’ll demonstrate first. You,” Dean nodded to a larger boy on the side. “What’s your name?”
“We aren’t going to attack you, Castiel.” He tried to release the tension in his shoulders. Mary turned to her son. “We’ve known this was coming a long time.”
“Can you,” he mumbled. He stared resolutely at his hands clenched tightly in his lap. “I mean, why don’t you ever look at me when…”
But Dean didn’t answer. He stared at Cas and Cas stared back. Then Dean watched him turn to the girl in his arm.
Cas glanced out the window. “Where are we going?”
He pulled his arm back.
Gabriel, ever the easy-going one, actually patted Cas on the back when the time came for Dean to collect him. “Just don’t panic. I mean, you probably will, but don’t.”
“What? Why?”
“We save people, man. I do it for them. I’m not some soldier of God,” Dean said like the idea offended him. He glanced away, speaking more softly. “And neither are you, not anymore.”
They always came home together. John would swing by Mary’s office at the end of the day to pick her up  They said it was to save gas, but Dean told Cas the truth about how they couldn’t afford another car, they could barely afford the one they had.
Cas handed her the key, but he was staring at Dean and Dean knew he shouldn’t be happy about that but he was. Cas sat beside him on the curb. Dean smiled, but it felt forced.
“Dean,” Cas said, his voice low and harsh.
“No complaints,” Bobby warned as he handed them their envelopes. “And no trading. This ain’t a summer camp.”
“I didn’t know your kids were choosing today,” Meta said, smiling over at Castiel and Jimmy. “You have a big decision to make.”
“No, I don’t know her.”
Castiel went home feeling quite ill after all. It wasn’t hard to convince his parents. He still looked a little green when Chuck and Anna roused them for the choosing ceremony the next day. They ate a quiet breakfast together and left the house early.
“I’m sorry,” Dean muttered to the floor.
He glanced up at Cas apologetically. “Is your food okay?”
“Free will, and all that,” Dean agreed. “I’m glad you chose me, Cas. Even if you don’t think I’m hot…”
Dean had pressed his face into the back of Cas’s neck and whispered it softly. Cas had pretended to sleep.
“All right, care to help me?”
“What’s it for?”
Dean tested out the idea a few more times, growing more and more dismayed. His desperation peaked.
"That is kind, but really, you don’t have to. I will acclimate eventually.”
“Why is he? I don’t need a protector, or a parent, or a fucking prison guard.”
“I’m not going to let that happen. Come on.”
“Your results were inconclusive.”
Dean laughed quietly, breathless. He shook his head. “No, Cas, my feelings for you.”
Castiel looked more closely at the names. “So is Balth.”
"Hey, I like being here. I wouldn’t be here if I didn’t.”
At least he knew where the roller coaster was. He had memorized the map. As he approached he could see an empty cart already running. Then when he was closer he could hear loud music playing up on the deck. He walked up the ramp and the operator table came into view, then the green staff t-shirt over broad shoulders, and a tan freckled face with bright green eyes.
“I don’t understand.”
“So you know how to cook?”
Cas smiled slightly, staring at his boyfriend with open affection. “Okay.”
When they went to bed Dean crawled onto the mattress behind him. He wrapped his arms around Cas’s stomach and pulled him close.
“Who pissed in your Cheerios?” she said.
Dean closed his eyes. “Yeah.”
That night at dinner, when Cas met Dean’s eyes across the cafeteria Dean had quickly looked away and never glanced in his direction again. Cas lingered after the rest of the initiates had gone back to the dormitory, hoping Dean would come over and say something, congratulate him. He held his breath when Dean finally passed him on his way out, but Dean never even glanced over. Cas looked down in disappointment, gathered his tray and left.
He didn’t see Dean at dinner that night until the end, when he and Zach stood by while the Dauntless leader congratulated the accepted initiates. Then, before they dismissed everyone, they were told everyone was getting tracking devices inserted, for security purposes.
Dean reached across the table and shook Cas’s arm.
He caught up to him just as he reached the corridor. “Leave me alone. It’s my fault he did this.”
“See? Strength helps, but not if you don’t know what you’re doing.” He let go. “Here, try again. I want you to jab three times – left, right, left. Got it?” He demonstrated slowly, his blows stopping before he touched Uriel at all. The boy nodded.
“Anytime.”
Lisa, his brain supplied. Castiel had the feeling that he did know her, but that telling the man would put her in danger. He considered it for a moment, and then shook his head.
Cas’s first fear was the fire this time. He panicked for a second, overwhelmed by the heat and the pain rising up his legs. He kicked futilely. Then he stretched, lifting his arms high above him so the binding on his wrists, while still tying him together, was clear of the pole against his back. He leaned forward and used the fire to his advantage, burning away the threads and then untying himself with shaky hands from the rest of the bindings.
“I’m sorry for making a scene at dinner,” he said.
Cas grabbed Dean’s hand and moved toward the door. He kicked it down, so as not to burn his hand. He turned and there was a window down the hall. He ran toward it, staying low. The glass shattered as they ran through it. The heat was gone in an instant.
Dean handed over the cash and tip and studied his wallet for a minute.
“Remember what I told you,” Dean said. “Strike fast and strike hard. Get the upper hand.”
“I am perfectly capable of deciding for myself.”
He always woke up comfortable, covered in blankets.
“Sorry, mate,” Balth said. Charlie squeezed his hand.
Cas didn’t have much of an appetite. He dropped his fork down on his plate. Across the cafeteria, he saw Dean standing close to Jo, talking quietly. They both kept shooting glances over at him. Now that they had caught his attention, they stopped talking. Dean looked down and abruptly left the cafeteria. Jo returned to her seat.
“What do you mean?”
“Dauntless means bravery.”
Gabriel smiled mirthlessly.
“You know,” Balth said. “Statistically, you should have hit the target at least once by now, just by accident.”
“You finished,” Jo said quickly. She all but pried him from the chair. “You have to go. You go straight home, okay? Tell your parents the serum made you sick and you got sent home.”
“Okay,” Dean said, and then just so things were clear. “You’re enough, too. For me.”
Cas hesitated, and then came forward. Dorothy all but ran back to the safety of the sidelines. Cas gulped and turned to face everyone. Dean stared at him, eyes blank. He raised his arm again. Cas heard the whoosh as the knife flew a few inches beside his head.
“Castiel Novak.”
Cas rolled his eyes and set another arrow against his bow. “Thanks for that wonderful tidbit of knowledge.”
Cas frowned. “What? Anna? I think she’ll be pleased. In fact, she was telling me all dinner that I should ‘make a move’ on you.”
“Don’t apologize to us, honey,” Mary said, casting a glance at Cas. She took John’s arm and the pair silently left the room. Castiel was still buzzing with anxiety, but he tried to calm his breathing. Dean, standing across the room, looked contrite.
“Heya, Cas.” His voice was quiet. “I just didn’t feel like going inside yet. Long day, you know? Where’ve you been?”
Cas felt his blood run cold. Without thinking, his panicked eyes immediately snapped up to Dean. The trainer frowned. He met Cas at the side of the mat and grabbed his arm, pulling him back a step to whisper in his ear.
Dean laughed. “And because you frown like it’s nobody’s business and still look adorable. Plus you don’t make fun of me when I sing the stupid pop songs.”
Cas smiled a little. “It’s catchy.”
"Cas, no. I want to be here for you, like I always should have been. Getting to fall asleep and wake up to you is a bonus, though, I have to admit.”
Dean nearly groaned. “Let’s go.”
Sam squinted at him in the reflection. “What’s wrong with you?”
Just as the doors in front of each line began to open, a high metallic squeal filtered through the air. Castiel turned around to watch as a train came screeching along the raised track behind them. Suddenly a waterfall of people dressed in black jumped from the speeding train and rolled off the platform. Then they all ran, full speed, into the building.
“Better.” Cas turned toward him. Dean turned his back to rifle through his drawers again. Cas saw his tattoo for a brief moment. The design was dark, with strong, smooth lines. Dean covered it quickly with his shirt and turned back around.
“You’re gonna be late,” Sam announced.
“Yeah, I do,” Dean said. He sounded confident for the first time all day. He sounded sure. Cas tried to squash down the hope in his belly. “I have to, because I can’t breathe right when you’re not there, and I go a little crazy when I can’t see your eyes, and you can’t be here the way I need you to be here, if my family doesn’t know about us. I’m sick of sneaking around. I’m sick of stopping myself every time I go to touch you. Because this isn’t difficult, Cas. You and me. It’s so easy it scares me. It scares me how much…how much you mean to me.” Dean took a deep breath. “Okay?”
When he felt his feet touch the ground the scene evaporated around him, as well as the pain. He found himself in the same grey room with a dead man in front of him on the ground. Like every time, he shut the man’s eyes. He left the room and didn’t look back. When two people started chasing him, he turned and shot them. The scene changed before their bodies hit the ground.
“Your brother works here?”
He was beneath Castiel this time, farther away but still close.
Dean led him back to the simulation hallway. He opened the door with his key card and ushered him inside.
“Yes,” he said immediately.
“Almost every night for the past month,” Castiel said. He turned over to stare at Dean, steady and unapologetic. “Sometimes you take too long and I actually fall asleep.”
Cas glanced up from Dean’s mouth to his eyes. “I…my feelings…for you.”
“Come on, Sammy,” Dean grumbled, desperation slipping into his tone. “Let’s eat somewhere else.”
“I’m sorry,” he said again, and he was, because he couldn’t even deny it for a second. Hunting was his life. As much as he wanted Cas to be a part of that life, the two just couldn’t mesh well right now.
Then the room shifted again.
“It wasn’t something I wanted to see.”
“Can I ask you something?” Cas said, disrupting the silence.
This time Sam didn’t hesitate. They climbed back into the impala and Dean gunned it like they had just robbed the place or something. But, no, they were just running away from Castiel - Dean’s best friend and roommate. Sam was confused to say the least.
No matter what he did, Cas would smile and meet his eyes and look completely unaffected.
Cas watched his fellow initiates go into the room somberly and come out utterly broken. Dorothy was in tears when she ran outside and Charlie hugged her tightly for a moment, before it was her own turn to go in. Dorothy fled back to the dormitory and everyone was silent. Even the Dauntless-born weren’t teasing for once. They were cautious, too.
Finally, he felt the binds around his wrists start to give. He pulled more, feeling the strands of yarn separating. When his hands were free he untied the rest of the bonds. He jumped to the ground and ran as fast as he could.
“I listen to a little of everything,” Cas shrugged. Dean turned the dial, getting bits and pieces of songs. Cas put his hand out a few tunes in. “Wait, go back.”
“It’s not, okay? Mom, Dad, I…” Dean said.
“Dean?”
“Cas, I’m not…”
“You look really nice tonight.”
He came to a few minutes later, still in the gymnasium. He watched the remaining fights with a pounding headache and stiff arms. At the end of the matches, all the initiates gathered once again. Charlie helped Cas to his feet. She had lost her fight, too, but she was in much better shape than him. They stood next to each other while Zach put the first rankings up. There were 32 initiates this year and the lowest twelve would be kicked out of Dauntless, left factionless and alone. Cas looked down, eyes bleary, when he saw the results. He was number 32. There was no way he would survive this.
“Go pick it up.”
Dean turned his burning gaze on his partner. “What?”
That day he woke up alone. And it was only seven thirty. He sighed and went searching.
“Yeah, buddy. You are. Have you seen Cas?”
“One,” Dean echoes, then grins. “Bottle.”
“Hey, Cas,” Dean murmurs, and Cas looks over, eyes wide and blue and sweet. Dean can’t help it. He leans in slowly, giving Cas a chance to back away, to tell him no, but he doesn’t. Cas even meets him somewhere in the middle, his lips shy and gentle. This time, it is Dean who pulls away, his arm dropping around Cas’ shoulders and keeping him close. Dean’s eye are closed, his forehead resting against Cas’. “Can I ask you a question?” Dean asks after a moment, and he feels Cas nod against him. “It’s okay if you don’t want to answer, it’s just…Why don’t you want to have sex with me? I mean, your brother obviously thought it was something you’d be into, but…are you just not attracted to me?”
“Cas, I’m so sorry,” Dean chokes.
“I’m so sorry, Cas,” Dean says, voice tight with regret. “I didn’t want to live without you.” Cas takes a long moment to respond.
“Dean,” Cas says, laying a hand on his shoulder, shocking Dean back into reality. He is on his knees next to the gallows he helped Cas build. Fake chains are on his wrists, and Dean takes the moment to breathe.
, there’s Cas. He stares at Dean for a breath, confusion and concern and fear warring on his face, before he’s running over and dropping down beside Dean.
“Romeo realized that Juliet wasn’t good for him,” he says simply, the ache in his chest sharp and prominent.
“I’m going with Dean,” Sam says, stepping closer to Dean. John laughs humorlessly.
“Of course,” Cas says softly.
“Tomorrow is Saturday,” Dean laughs, kicking Sam lightly.
Cas recognizes it immediately, both sides of the page covered in Cas’ handwriting from all those years ago, pages stained with the scent of that godforsaken clinic. Cas freezes, watching in horror as Dean’s eyes widen, rims turning red as he reads.
“Well, I
Even so, he will be there for Dean, will sit in the back of that dumb courtroom, dressed up in his best suit and waiting for the judge to say one way or the other. He will not sleep the night before though, and he knows that. He knows that, so he doesn’t fight it. Rather than tossing and turning all night, he sits up against his headboard (straight in the middle of his bed to pretend the emptiness beside him isn’t quite so large), and binge watches Netflix. Around four o’clock that morning, the apartment lulls, no more clinking glasses from the room next door, no more shuffling papers from the living room, no more Netflix playing softly in front of Cas.
“Mr. Novak,” the man behind the desk calls, bringing Cas to his feet. He crosses the distance to the man in three large strides, his trench coat brushing his calves as he steps.
You have to love me!”
from me.” Sam seethes and Cas drops his eyes, ashamed because he's not wrong. Gabriel, on the other hand, goes on the defensive for his little brother.
“Cas?” Dean whispered after nearly half an hour. It always started out like that. “Cas, are you asleep?”
“Dean?” Cas said quietly. They were still hugging. Dean jumped back.
He went a little stiff, but he returned the hug nonetheless. Cas kissed his hair, and Dean blushed when he realized his little display of affection hadn’t gone unnoticed earlier. He whispered into Cas’s skin.
“I’m already behind.”
Dean was finally going to tell his parents. He was going to admit that he was with Cas, and maybe things would finally get better and maybe Dean would stop hiding and feeling unworthy and taking it out on their relationship. Okay, so Castiel was putting a lot of pressure on this coming out. But who could blame him? This had been a long time coming.
“An initiate.”
“Fear of fire,” Dean shouted. “What would a Dauntless do?”
Nothing worked. Their nights grew later and later. Soon Cas was still awake when the sun rose, Dean having dozed off on the edge of Cas’s bed hours ago.
He takes a deep breath as he makes his way to Dean’s register, and when he puts the food down and finishes with the card and flowers, he keeps his eyes down. He doesn’t look at Dean until he’s holding the flowers, and when he finally allows himself that sweet gift, he sees Dean holding the flowers, mouth hanging open, looking horrified and shocked. Dean looks up at Cas, face disgusted even, and Cas knows Dean gets it. He knows that Dean knows Cas was going to ask him out, and he knows that Dean is horrified by the thought.
“It’s just…” Sam starts finally, tossing his hands up in exasperation. “I don’t fit in here, with my friends, with Jess. They’re all so cool and funny and they know what they’re going to do with their lives…and I’m just here…taking up space.”
“I’m not like you, Dean! People don’t just, just
As it turns out though, the sex isn’t just occasional. In fact, that very night, he’s back at Cas’ house, kissing and sucking and devouring. The next night is the same issue. He and Lisa grow farther and farther apart. He still forces himself to sleep with her if only to convince everyone else he's not in love with his best friend, but every time he kisses her, he feels as though he should be feeling stubble. It even gets to the point where right as that forced relief washes over Dean, he accidentally moans Cas’ name. That sure made Lisa mad, even after Dean swore he was just saying ‘ass.’ Even now, as they sit together at the lunch table, she will hardly meet Dean’s eyes.
“Gabe,” Cas groans, his head in his hands. He has been listening to Gabriel bitch for the past half hour. “I will get you some fucking coffee on the road. Can we
Inside, next to the little hamster on its running wheel, in Dean’s messy scrawl, it reads
They barely make it through Cas' front door before they’re clinging and kissing and pushing against each other. Dean makes quick work of urging Cas’ coat to the ground after shrugging out of his own. Their sweaters go next, followed by their undershirts, leaving their hot-skinned chests to press entirely together without restraint. Dean’s fingers begin to fumble blindly with Cas’ belt, but Cas becomes a giggling mess before Dean can get the buckle open.
“What about Sam?”
Cas lets out a shaky breath somewhere between a whimper and a laugh as he brings a hand up to his forehead.
“It’s more than that though, and people can tell. So they’ve started talking, and like I said, that’s not really new, but now I’ve started hearing it because I see it too.” Her green eyes narrow on him, and Dean mentally rolls his eyes in preparation for her
“We need to talk,” Cas declares, and the small smile gracing his mother’s lips falls.
“Oh, God, that was a wild time,” Cas exclaims, propping himself up on Dean’s chest to look at him. “Airport security was judging me so hard.”
“I could never love anyone as much as I love you,” he tells her, and honestly, it’s true. He loved Dean in a different way than he loves Mary, a more passionate way, but call him a terrible person for loving her more than he’s ever loved anything in his life. It wouldn’t change anything.
“Just got lucky, I guess,” Cas says when Dean finishes laughing, but instead, he is staring at Cas with a loose and natural curve playing at his lips. “Well, not really…you haven’t gotten anything,” Cas says, deadpan once again. Dean stares at him, shocked for a long moment, before he throws his head back and laughs, his whole body shaking as it tears through him.
“Accomplished step six, I see,” she says, closing the folders and threading her hands over the top of them. She offers him a smile that, to an outsider, would look sinister and scheming. To him, it just looks supportive.
Cas’ hands find a home on his waist, under his jacket, under his flannel, pressed warm against the rapid trill of his heart.
“I’m good,” Dean says finally, and stands, shaking the chains away. Cas narrows his eyes at Dean, but nods.
“I always did like Cas,” Ellen says absently, turning back to the dishes and drying them slowly. “I always knew you would realize eventually that the girls you were dating were nothing compared to him.”
He and Gabriel have a fight the next morning, short and ugly, demanding of their entire attentions even though it is about Dean.
Dean is leaned against his counter, back to Cas, book in hand, clearly expecting everyone to go to Charlie’s register.
“Hey, baby,” Cas says in the recording, voice chipper and scuffed from the previous night. “You’re probably still asleep, and I envy you that.” Cas sighs mournfully. “I wish I could be there with you,” he continues softly, and Dean clenches his eyes shut. “Curled up against your side, watching you dream. You’re always so calm looking when you sleep.” Cas laughs a bit, and Dean’s heart clenches. “Anyway, I got that picture you sent last night,” Dean hears the wistful sound of Cas' voice cut to a mischievous glint, sees the picture he's referring to in his mind’s eye. Yes. It was a picture of his penis, hard and hot and aching for Cas. Cas continues, low and throaty in Dean's ear, “I miss seeing you like that, desperate and begging for me.” Dean blushes, willing himself to be disinterested. This is
“You woke me up before my alarm even went off,” Cas says accusingly, reaching for the pancakes and digging into them even though he’s not happy about it.
“Happy birthday, Dean,” Cas whispers, and so with tears in his eyes, on his face, embedded in his shirt, Dean turns away from the only thing he’s ever let himself love.
“Hey, wait. Where are you going?” Dean asks, stepping after Cas, pocketing his keys and pulling his jacket closer around him.
,” Bobby says firmly, so Dean has no choice but to look up to those miserly eyes and swallow down his embarrassment. “Now listen here. I firmly believe that a great deal of what your father did, he did with what
“Thanks guys,” Dean says with a soft smile. They mean well…he knows that, but he doesn’t want to have to put on a front for them too. He wants to go to the library, or maybe Bobby’s room, anywhere quiet will do, and beat himself up over what happened with Bela because he’s an asshole, and he deserves that shit. He wants to sit in silence until the silence devours him, swallows him whole like he was never there in the first place.
are the friends Sammy brought with him?” Dean asks, shocked and incredulous. Cas looks up, eyes wide.
“You know that’s not right. What he said?”
They sit in stilted silence for a long moment, and Dean feels the alcohol rolling, rolling in him. He knocks back another just to keep the words from rising.
He’s…he’s going to die here.
He lays there on top of Cas for a long while, breathing in the scent of sex and Cas, enjoying Cas' rubbing fingers against his scalp and through his hair. Eventually, he rolls off of him, his wilting dick sliding free as well, causing a soft whine to tear through them both. He sits up and begins the meticulous and monotonous project of his and Cas' clean-up. Eventually, he lays back down and draws Cas close, an easy arm coming up to wrap around his shoulders.
“There are worse ways I could have found out,” Sam says with a shrug and a small smile. “At least you were clothed this way.” Dean snorts and stands, ready to make his way inside. When Sam stands, Dean wraps and easy arm around his shoulder and begins to lead him inside feeling lighter than he has in weeks. “By the way,” Sam says before they get through the screen door. “You guys haven’t...here...in your room or anything, right?” Sam asks, that horrified look coming back to mingle with desperate hopeful. Dean shakes his head.
“You said you didn’t love me anymore. I couldn’t have been around you even if I’d believed that was what you wanted. I’m self-loathing, not a fucking masochist.” Dean falls short of concealing his anger, but,
“I shit you not!” Dean says, grinning at Cas. “Sam was so confident in his translation that he turned the paper in!”
“He is, isn’t he? First and foremost.”
“He’s my best friend,” Dean says defensively. Anna puts her hands up.
“I’m not angry at you, Cas, but I’ll never forgive you for this.” Dean stares straight ahead, and Cas' eyes widen, his heart slamming in his chest. A million thoughts crash into him, whirring around and around, telling him he deserves this, he deserves things falling apart with Dean.
This time, Dean insists that Cas pick the movie so that Cas ‘watches the damn movie instead of Dean.’ Cas picks a nature documentary, and Dean throws his arm over the back of the couch behind Cas, mere inches from his shoulder, and don’t think for a second that they aren’t both hyperaware of this space. This time, it’s
who couldn’t accept that her son was gay. Hence why I’m here.”
he thinks, Dean’s goofy grin flashing before his closed eyes.
Cas doesn’t say anything for a long moment, and then he nods, not looking at Dean, and pulls them both upright.
“Wait, you said you’d drive me and Jess,” Sam says, looking away from the girl he just unconsciously nicknamed to stare at his brother. Dean knows from the blush on Jessica’s cheeks that she noticed.
“Which person do you think would be his favorite?”
“Ah, so you have an accomplice,” Naomi says, tsking quietly. “Well, group, what do we say about accomplices?”
"And when you learned that Lydia was pregnant, what did you do?" Dean's eyebrows pull together, and he is lost.
"I was thinking that I'd come here and get better while Deana slept safely in her own house with Sam," Cas spits, because it doesn't matter if Dean's pissed, only that he's safe. "You know if John knew Deana would never see Sam again. You know what would happen."
When the door shuts back, Dean is once again on Cas, pushing their bodies together and swallowing the moans Cas lets out.
“I know. I’m pretty amazing,” Dean says teasingly, and Cas snorts.
“No problem,” Dean grunts. He doesn’t know why he’d added the qualifier that it had only been a few weeks. Dean knows that, if Cas ever dies for real, if he ever goes some place Dean can’t follow, his room will be untouched forever.
The sun is cutting through the trees, lighting the world and the snow with the hues of the sun. Dean sits on a park bench, admittedly freezing his ass off. Even so, he won’t complain. Sam is out there rolling around with Jess, laughing like Dean hasn’t seen in weeks, and some part of him hurts at the sight. If he’d just paid a little more attention to Sam, watched how his smile never met his eyes, pulled his head out of his ass, he might have seen that Sam is hurting. Be that as it may, he hadn’t. He had been too busy moping about Cas to notice his little brother slipping into depression, and it hurts.
"And do
“Don’t touch me,” he growls, but April merely titters at him.
It is much the same as Year One, in reality. His life is clean, uncomplicated, and he is happy. He goes to church every Sunday, walks his dog every morning, and grabs lunch in his university’s cafeteria. He changes his shampoo to green apple because he likes the small kick of the scent and starts writing a memoir of his journey away from homosexuality. He hopes it will be inspiring to others going through the same battle.
His phone ringing in his pocket snaps him away from his daydreams all together, away from his memories. He sighs and digs it out of his pocket, unsurprised to see it is Cas calling again. He ignores the clench of his heart, and presses ignore. He hangs his head, rubs a hand down his face, and succumbs to the feeling of missing Cas. Ten years have passed, and during that time, he got to a place where he thought he was okay. He thought he was finally over Cas, but then he showed back up, made himself a part of Dean’s life again, made him see that he would
“I’m fucking yours,” Dean agrees, his orgasm pushing against him. He just needs Cas here.
He awakes covered in sweat, tears soaking his face and his pillow. He is wrecked. He sobs there in bed for a while before calming down and trying to go back to sleep. He fails and eventually finds himself in the kitchen, a cup of coffee wrapped between his trembling fingers. He stares at the wall for a long time, telling himself Dean is happy, not to be sad for him. The tears never stop streaming down his face, and Cas finds himself fumbling for his phone, his fingers dialing her number before he knows what he’s doing.
“Yeah, okay. No problem,” he says, and pushes himself off Dean’s car for real.
“Yeah, but you’re not,” he tosses before running after Jessica yelling, “Wait, hold on. I’ll walk you.”
“Yes,” Cas says with a solemn nod of his head, the lie bitter on the back of his tongue. Naomi’s eyes narrow as they look at him.
“Can Uncle Sam help you finish?” he asks her, and she nods.
“Castiel Milton,” she croons, stepping close into his space.
A million thoughts race through him, thoughts like,
“I’m not twisting your words,
“I did know that. I didn’t know you did though,” she tells Mary, a false smile on her face. When Mary starts to tell Jess all about her other daddy, Jess’ eyes flick back up to Cas’. He cannot read what they are saying, but Cas knows what he’s trying to say back.
The day starts normal. It starts as Steve the Dog—often referred to as such—barking Castiel awake as the coffee pot spews its last drop. It starts as coffee and their morning run and grabbing the mail on the way inside. It starts as a warm shower before sitting down to breakfast and skimming over today’s newspaper. It starts as the crossword, the weather, the finances, and it ends with the letter stuck between the comics and the classifieds. His whole goddamned world ends with that letter.
“She makes it better,” Sam says, eyes on his hands. “I’ll be ready to talk to her by the time we get there,” and sure enough, by the time Dean has filled his mug with coffee, borrowed the keys to Bobby’s truck, and driven the long and snowy roads through their hometown to Jessica’s, Sam’s mood-o-meter has almost refilled, even going so far as to pull a bitchface when Dean cranks the music to max volume.
Dean flinches.
perfect
fall, the one for Cas.
“Hate her?” Charlie asks with a scoff. “God, no. I love Dorothy. She’s been like a sister to me my whole life. I’m not going to let her go through this alone, even if we come out on opposite ends of the tunnel.” They sit in silence for a long while, Charlie staring down at Gilda and Cas wishing Dean were there next to him. “Don't take the pills," Charlie says suddenly, her brows pulled low over her eyes. "If you can help it, don't take them. Push them to your cheek or under your tongue or some shit but don't take them."
“Is this about what happened in there?” Garth asks with a conspiratorial grin, bringing a hand up to mime a blowjob, one that Dean promptly pulls down and makes him decide that Garth is absolutely hammered. The guy probably only had one beer. Dean sighs.
He asks himself.
“Don’t worry,” Cas murmurs finally, voice nearly suffocated by the pillow clutched to his chest. “I won’t be bothering him anymore,” and this time, Cas is suffocated by the words rather than the words being suffocated by him.
“I pulled some favors with my friends at the library.” Cas is smiling fondly at Dean. Some favors, in reality, had been Cas bribing the librarians onto letting him in after closing hours and upon succeeding, spending weeks searching through multiple newspapers' new born archives. He would do it again too, if it meant seeing Dean as happy as he looks right now.
“Well what was the tactic?” Cas asks, and again, Gabe shrugs.
“Look, Cas,” Dean says, but Cas doesn’t. “Look at me, Cas,” Dean amends, and this time, Cas’ blue eyes pull towards Dean. “I don’t think I’m one-hundred percent straight.” Cas gives a small huff of laughter.
“Your ‘cure’ to homosexuality is an
“Thank you, Jess.”
“No,” Dean says finally, taking the keys back from Sam. “Dad gave them to me for my birthday right before he said he wants us to come over and meet his new fiancé.” Sam reacts much in the same way Dean did. His eyes get extremely excited about the car, then his whole world shatters at the word fiancé.
“Castiel,” she says, freezing him. “Can we talk for a moment?” He watches her slowly, eyebrows raised.
“I’m not leaving,” Cas repeats wistfully, a smile on his face.
.” He leans in close, smells the stench of manipulator and bitch on her skin, and smiles. “You fucking lost.”
broke up with Lisa for
He’s not ready to tell him yet. “You wanna go to my house? Or…?”
,” she begs excitedly, and Dean groans playfully.
made my little girl lie so she could have her to herself. She’s lying!” Sam manages to get Dean calmed down enough so that’s he’s not yelling and cursing, but he can’t get his brother to stop crying. He just keeps saying over and over that he can’t lose her. Cas’ heart begins to break, tears lining his eyes as he takes in the agony of Dean’s voice, the brokenness of his posture.
“...she took him to a SOCE clinic,” she murmurs finally, and Dean has to pull the phone away from his face to make sure he heard her correctly.
“A few times, actually,” Cas says with a shrug.
“You want a beer?”
and puts it in the envelope, unsealed. He also picks up a bouquet of fresh flowers, and all the things he’ll need for dinner.
“Well, as much fun as this has been, I’m just gonna go,” he says, and begins to step back into the house.
“I want to see Daddy,” Mary whines softly, and Cas doesn’t know if she means him or Dean. He smiles down at the picture again before turning and handing her the frame. He watches her glow as she takes the old couple in, their honest joy and loving eyes. “That’s you,” she says, pointing to the laughing Cas in the picture. He nods. “And that’s daddy.” He nods again. “He’s pretty,” she giggles, and Cas laughs.
instead of his fuck buddy/best friend. Dean glances back at Cas, but he is gone, left as though Dean was never there.
“I want to give you the best blow job of your life,” Cas says, leaning forward and kissing Dean sloppily until he is laying on his back, Cas’ tongue leaving hot trails across all the good places between his mouth and his dick.
“Hi,” she starts, falling into step beside him. “I’m Charlie. You’re Castiel, right?”
The next morning, Dean is pulled from sleep by John’s gruff voice yelling through the halls, heard even over his blaring Pink Floyd. His first thought, as it often is, is Sam, and in seconds, he has ripped the headphones from his head and torn out into the hall wearing nothing but his pajama bottoms. He heads straight for his little brother's room, but when he gets there, he sees Sam struggling to get out from under his covers and the weight of sleep. John is nowhere in sight.
“Who told you?” he growls, and she smirks.
“Will you tell me about yourself, Dean?” Cas ask his nose brushing Dean’s jaw for how close they are sitting, and this time, Dean smiles softly.
This time though, as he grasps the edge of the bottle, the chair slips out from under him, sending him and the entire shelf that the bottle was on shattering towards the ground. Dean is too shocked to cry, doubly so when he feels John jerk him away before he hits the ground.
“Oh, ow,” the man says, cupping the bottom of his chin where Cas’ forehead slammed into him with all the force of a fleeing animal.
“Book smart, maybe,” he mutters, so Dean claps a hand over Sam’s mouth.
“You shouldn’t have to wait though,” Dean said softly, and Cas had smiled, his thumb brushing along Dean’s cheeks. “You’ve made your peace and amends, and I’m still stuck in the past.”
The music starts all at once, and suddenly, the little clearing is alive with motion. People are moving for their seats—lawn chairs and barstools and folding chairs—and those who are already sitting straighten, craning their necks to see the slow parade of people coming from the break in the trees. Dean stares out at the faces in the crowd. He can name every single one.
, Dean,” Sam says pointedly, and Dean chuckles his way out of the door. He then slides into his beautiful car next to his beautiful lady, all the while definitely
close enough.
"So, you mentioned how you raised me. What was that like?”
“What happened?” he asked, hands linked in Cas’, voice calm.
“What?” he asks quickly, leaning his elbows against the counter. “What is it?”
“Shut up, bitch,” Dean says, to which Sam really grins.
“After he drinks his grown up juice.”
“Dean,” he says, blinking once, twice, three times. Dean does not disappear.
“Forever?”
“But—”
“You…” she starts, fumbling for words. “Do you even know how lucky you are that he took you back?” she asks, her voice hard and loud. Cas’ eyes widen, and he shrinks down in his seat. “Honestly? To have someone you love shit on you like that?”
“That’s not the end,” she complains grumpily. “Dan and Clarence have to get married,” she says, matter-of-factly. That was about as far as Dean had gotten, so he hands her the reins.
“Yeah, thanks for that, Sammy,” Dean says sarcastically. Sam rolls his eyes and huffs again.
The guilt of what he almost cost Dean is mostly gone, but Cas is still drowning in the sadness. He's happy for Dean, so he offers him a soft smile. “Thank you,” Dean murmurs after locking eyes with Cas. “If it weren’t for you…” Dean trails off, but Cas knows. His sudden outburst bought the time they needed to get the results and sway the judge's opinion. “I don’t know how I’ll ever be able to repay you.”
“We’re up, you tremendous nitwits,” Lucifer growls, slamming it shut once the message has been delivered. Cas sits up in his twin size bed, paper sheets rough against the plastic mattress. “Assholes,” Lucifer grumbles, turning back to his bed. He groans when he sees Cas. “Damn, I was hoping it was just a nightmare.” Cas grunts and lays back down. He crawls out of bed a while later, checks in at the front desk where, surprise, pills, and makes his way into his group session.
“No, Cas. He said he didn’t want to talk about it,” Dean assures, leaning forward and putting a kiss against Cas’ shoulder.
This was stupid. He’s so stupid.
it reads on the front, doing nothing to ease Cas’ confusion. He flips it over, brows furrowed together as he reads.
is going on in here?” Bobby shouts above the sound of the one-way fight, coming into view from the back of the house. John, keeping his injured hand tucked to his chest, picks up his other fist and swings at Dean, catching him across the eye because he was distracted by Bobby. Sam is still kneeling dazed on the floor, and Dean sputters blood every time John will give him a moment to. John swings again, but this time, it’s Bobby who jumps in, throwing John off balance and stopping the blow from meeting anything but air. John struggles against Bobby for a moment, but he is too busy screaming profanities at Dean to be
“Nah, it just burns a little. Keep going,” Dean says, with a nod. Cas watches him a moment longer before continuing to stretch Dean. He pushes his finger in a little further, twisting and hooking until he brushes across the small mound inside Dean, feeling him gasp beneath him. “Feels good,” Dean murmurs, rolling his head back against the pillows. Cas smiles and brushes a kiss against the inside of Dean’s thigh.
“Neither am I.”
Dean grabbed his arm. “Go for it.”
Just as Dean thought it, Cas glanced down and away.
“See you around, Charlie,” he muttered. She smiled at him lightly, but he didn’t see. He got in his car and drove his brother home and sat on the street outside his apartment building until the streetlights flickered on and a light rain began to fall.
Cas opened his eyes back in the testing room. Everyone was clapping as Cas stepped down from the chair. Dean met him at the edge of the room.
He took a booth by the door and was still glaring when the waitress came to his table. She had long, red hair, just like Cas’s date, and if Dean didn’t know that girl was half a mile away in a different restaurant, he’d be worried it was her. He tried to smooth out his expression, but she caught on quick.
“Just let me take care of you.”
Zach shook his head. “That was the old rules. New rules, you fight until you can’t. No surrender.”
“Nothing.”
“I need your help,” he said, taking a step inside.
“You missed,” Zachariah announced needlessly. “Again.”
Sometime after his lunch break, Dean started flirting with him as well. Castiel found it hard to look away from the other boy, and Dean seemed to notice. He winked.
As promised, the second week of training brought weapons and Cas felt even more out of his element. The groups alternated between more hand-to-hand combat and learning how to wield knives, shoot guns and arrows, and throw spears.
Cas nipped at his lip once and pulled back smiling. “You’re such an idiot.”
“Your wish is my command, Cas.”
“Really?”
“You did?”
“Sure.”
Dean shook his head, grabbed his keys, and all but fled the room.
He shuffled forward. Dean backed up until they were both standing on the large gym mat. Dean beckoned him with both hands. “Okay, now set your feet. Good. Now hit me.”
“Oh,” Sam said, understanding coloring his tone, because of course his brother was jealous. Dean pursed his lips at that and left. He stalked into the restaurant, unconcerned whether Sam followed him this time or not.
He grabbed Castiel’s hand and led him back through the market and down a different corridor. Most of the people had dispersed. Jo was standing outside the shop and she nodded at them as they passed.
__________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
“I thought you were Dauntless,” Dean said, his face just above Cas’s. He kissed down his neck. Cas kneed him hard in the groin and threw him off.
“Have fun!” Sam called after him.
“You want me to give him a trim?”
Jimmy wiped aimlessly at the countertop with the rag in his hand. He spoke without looking up. “You just have to think of others, Castiel. It’s not that hard.”
Castiel unfolded the large manila envelope which contained his locker information, name tag, and position - Cosmic Coaster. He peeked over his friends’ sheets. Sam had been assigned a different ride, Anna was at a ticket booth and Meg would be running that game where people throw hoops onto colored sticks.
Then Zach was screaming. He could only vaguely hear it through the haze in his head. “Get up! Finish this!”
Cas nodded. Dean turned slightly and pulled his shirt off, revealing the wide expanse of his back to Cas’s gaze.
“Who was it?” Jo asked.
Dean gaped at the angel. He was so not in the mood to get a lecture right now. “That’s not a question.”
Charlie nudged Cas with her shoulder. “Haven’t seen you in the dorm in days.”
“Would I be making these awesome burgers right now if I didn’t? I promise, man, it’ll be the best burger of your life, I’ll ruin you for all other burgers.”
They spent a good majority of their free time kissing after that. Dean spent the rest of it smiling like an idiot.
Castiel’s breath caught when his brother’s name was called. Jimmy walked assuredly toward the basins. He cut his palm and let his blood drop into the water. Castiel’s parent’s stiffened beside him. He didn’t have much time to gauge their reactions, though. As soon as the applause died down, he was called to the front.
“Dorothy’s in the red,” she said quietly, glancing back to look at her friend.
“Dean…” Cas tried to interject, but didn’t sound all that surprised. Dean guessed he should have known he’d be shit at hiding his feelings.
Castiel shook his head. “Sorry for interrupting. I will go now.”
Cas nodded eagerly, too eagerly. “Yes, of course. It’s very…artistically plated.”
Dean was quickly regretting his restaurant choice, too. It was pricey and stuffy and far too quiet. They were eating salads for crying out loud – the first of three courses.
“When we have sex?”
Castiel frowned. “What?”
“Thank you for helping me, Dean,” Cas said when he sat up.
He turned around to the sound of screams, as his new home welcomed him.
“That’s what I’m saying.”
They pulled away flushed, heads bent close together, foreheads nearly brushing.
“Dean, stop! Dean!”
Dean looked up, startled at the confession, and Cas looked devastatingly empty. Dean had nothing to say, he could barely even form a thought. Was Cas saying what he thought he was saying?
“You’re really not going to tell me how you knew to do all this?” Cas asked. He was sitting on one of the counters, kicking his feet. Dean thought he looked more at ease.
“Hey,” they said quietly.
He stood up and walked numbly toward the back hall. A blonde woman stared impassively at him. She was dressed in black and covered in tattoos. Castiel couldn’t help but stare. She led him into a small room with a padded chair on one side and a big machine attached to a computer on the other. Every wall was made of mirrors. The different viewpoints of his reflection were distracting. He tried to look away, but only saw a different version of himself. He averted his eyes to the ground.
Anyway, Dean had wanted to let Cas set the timeline, since it was all new to him. The angel seemed content with how things were going. He got braver in his kisses and touches, realizing he didn’t need permission anymore. The close proximity the two shared was justified now. That gave Dean a warm feeling.
Dean sighed. “Come on, man, we’ve been over this. You know you aren’t strong enough for a hunt yet.”
Dean turned that over in his head. But there was no way to put it in a positive light. His words turned hard. “So you don’t want me?”
“Then don’t.”
He swallowed his pride and let it go. “Yeah, well, I still need you. And I want you. I’m not trying to be your guard, here, Cas. I just need you to be here when I come home. Okay?”
Just then an alarm started blaring. Jo jumped up. Cas felt his heart beat race, and he began to panic.
Dean had a balcony that overlooked the southern half of the complex. In the dark the orange lights illuminated like stars. The cool air was a refreshing change from being underground all day long and the wind tousled his hair. Cas breathed deeply.
“Is that Cas?” he said.
“Hey, Cas.”
“I should go,” he said abruptly. Dean’s face immediately shut down.
The crowd groaned and Castiel actually chuckled when he stood up to give the all-clear signal.
“I always want you. I love you.” Dean melted back, feeling embarrassed for being so self-conscious. And then Cas confirmed his worst fears. “But I’m not capable of physical attraction.”
“You know what to do,” Meta said. “If you want to be Dauntless.”
The woman snorted. “You stiffs always get weird around mirrors.”
“You said I couldn’t let anyone find out about me. I’m assuming you mean Dauntless leadership,” he started. Jo nodded, her face immediately somber. “What if they already know?”
Dean gave him a sympathetic pat on the back and went to set up for the day. The rest of the initiates began trailing in not too long after. When Zach sauntered into the room, they all gathered together by the mats.
“But what do I do?” Castiel plead.
“Come on, we should get some sleep – big test in the morning.”
“I’m not…you know…the l-word.”
“You wanna go out after? Like to dinner…with me?”
They found themselves in a dimly lit room with one chair in the center of it. A girl sat tied to it, her eyes wide and scared, her mouth bound. There was a table to her left with a gun on it. Dean took it.
The bow and arrows were tricky and they left blisters on his hands. At first the others tried to give him tips, but soon it was apparent that Cas was hopeless.
Cas stood there, panting for a moment.
“And I thought I was sappy.” Dean smiled and leaned in to wipe a bit of ketchup off Cas’s lip. “You make me happy, too, Cas.”
“Don’t mind my buddy over there,” Dean said into the microphone to another group. “He frowns like that at everyone. It’s for our own good, really. He’s too gorgeous, if he smiled we might all implode.”
“Just give up a minute.”
Dean was on Cas before the door even shut. He kissed the angel everywhere he could reach and tugged at his clothes, a question, a plea.
Dean shrugged and made a noncommittal noise. “Hell if I know.”
“Anna, go on upstairs. I’ll be up in a second.”
Yup, they’d finally kissed. Things were good. And then they weren’t so good.
“No, I don’t think we do, Cas,” Dean laughed bitterly. Castiel’s wide, blue eyes changed from worried to hurt in an instant. Dean almost felt guilty. “There’s a lot of secrets between us, man. Like…when one person feels more for a person than the other.”
“As a Dauntless soldier you have to follow orders you don’t always agree with.”
“We reject vanity,” Castiel told her.
"Good,” Dean said, pressing a more determined kiss against his neck. He cupped Cas’s face, turning him back and meeting him halfway to kiss his lips. “That’s really good.”
“And now?”
John stood up.
“Oh, don’t worry about him. He’s just in looooooo…”
He felt his face heating up under the attention. He pulled his hands back from Dean but the damage had been done. Dean looked scared to death.
The angel stood up, chair straining against the wooden floor.
Dean smiled. “Yeah, but you’re different. You…love humans, you care about them. And you eat human food and wear a stupid trench coat and you say words like ‘assbutt.’”
Cas blushed and shook his head.
“Just choose, before it’s too late.”
“Is this okay?” Dean kept asking, panting it against Castiel’s skin as more and more of it was revealed.
“Perhaps sometimes it is better to be wanted.”
He found Cas sitting in the kitchen, clutching a coffee cup. He spoke to his back.
“You’re awake?” Dean whispered.
“Dean.”
“Please, don’t do this,” he whispered. There wasn’t enough air in the bag.
Balth smiled at him, mouth closed. Cas could barely feel his legs as he shuffled forward. The boys turned to one another, arms up the way Dean had taught them. Cas felt his knees start to quake below him, and then the blonde boy was stepping forward. Cas fell back a step, and then another. Balth followed after him, constantly prepared to strike.
“Cas, how long do you think you were under the simulation?”
Dorothy nodded once, her face white. She squared her shoulders. She watched Zachariah with wide eyes as he passed one of the knives to Dean, whose face was passive.
“Hey, Jo,” Dean muttered. He held Cas’s hand a little tighter.
“Good. Perfect. I think it’s time for the real trial.” Cas spoke quickly, pulling himself closer. Dean’s eyes were flicking between Castiel’s.
Cas stood up to greet him.
Cas nodded.
“Nothing, Dean. I want you to do nothing.”
He had his two favorite people in the same place for once. He couldn’t remember ever feeling this happy.
“What does that mean?”
“You should have woken me up,” Dean said. He stalked into the room, plopping into a chair across the table. He glanced up, yawning. “Cas?”
“No, a Divergent would jump. Dauntless would try to steady the plane. If you want to pass you have to do things the way a Dauntless would. You need to find some tool to survive.”
He was in field, tied to a stake in the ground. His feet were a few inches off the ground. A fire started beneath him. The flames licked up his legs and he started to struggle, but it was futile. There was no smoke. That scared him more than anything. He wouldn’t die from asphyxiation this way, he’d simply feel himself burn to death. He bucked harder in his restraints.
“That’s just not true,” Cas said.
“So you said.”
Then the hands on him suddenly fell away. He heard panting and the thump of bodies as they hit the ground. Balth looked behind Cas and his eyes widened. He turned tail and ran. Dean was standing behind Cas and the boys were still passed out on the ground. Dean rushed forward. “Come on, let’s get you out of here.”
When he turned around Dean was watching him, even as he sent the next cart. He leaned down to speak into the microphone. “Here we go.”
Castiel kept his head down, blushing again and frowning even harder.
Castiel hesitated longer this time before shaking his head again.
“What are we doing here?” Cas asked.
“One way or another,” Dean promised, smiling brightly. “I’ll always come back to you.”
“You cut me,” he said.
Dean nodded, horrified when his throat felt thick, like he was about to start crying in the middle of a goddamn diner. He took a step back, retreating again. He always seemed to run away from Cas, even the idea of him.
“Thanks for doing that, Cas,” Dorothy said quietly.
He hovered over Castiel in their shared bed in the bunker. He moved gently this time and they breathed each other’s air. Dean watched every emotion as it made its way to Cas’s face and when he orgasmed beneath him, Dean watched the way his lips fell open before diving into a quick kiss. He pulled back hastily, just to check. Sure enough, Cas had never opened his eyes.
Cas nodded eagerly. He hopped up from the seat. “Yeah, so I’ll just…”
Castiel was sitting on an empty bus. The only other patron sat across from him, reading a newspaper. The man was older. He looked up at Castiel with ice-grey eyes. He pointed to a picture on the page, a picture of a young woman with brown hair and big blue eyes.
Everything was over pretty fast after that and it was the most perfect and intense moment of Dean’s life. He wanted it again and again. But the second time, he decided he wanted it a little slower.
Dean pulled him out into the hall with urgency. Cas was still a little shaken up from the simulation, but he followed along pliantly. Dean turned down a different hall and stopped abruptly. He spun around, face close to Cas’s while he whispered.
As Dean started the car, Cas fidgeted a bit in his seat. Dean could see out of the corner of his eyes how he played with his fingers and then pressed his hands tightly against the seat, grabbing onto the edge. He must have been nervous, too.
“Yeah,” he croaked. “You can. Because I have been in love with you for years. And even if you never feel the same way I will always want to make you laugh and see you smile and listen to you sing and…”
Cas nodded. “Okay.”
“What are you doing here?” Zach said. Cas hadn’t even noticed him.
Cas interrupted. “Stop speaking about me as though I’m not here!”
“Yeah, that was cool, man,” Balth said.
The five factions were divided into separate lines outside the testing center in the middle of the city. Abnegation – Castiel’s faction – stood in a straight line, all dressed in grey. They were the selfless ones. Candor – the honest ones. Erudite – the intelligent. Amity – the peaceful and kind. Every sixteen-year-old from every faction took the aptitude test on the same day to see where they fit. As nervous as Castiel was about it, he was relieved that there was a concrete way to find out who he was.
Dean glanced up and met his eyes finally. Cas was watching him already, his gaze firm and unwavering. Neither of them spoke after that. The train rumbled along beneath them.
“Wait, you weren’t on a date with her?”
He put an arm around his waist and guided him away.
But later, when the amusement park music played and people were filing into the queue, Castiel caught Dean singing along to these songs as well and he smiled to himself.
“Nah, man. Something fun.”
Castiel tapped his feet as they were called one by one into several test rooms down the hall. As soon as one child returned, another would be called. Jimmy was called first, since he was technically older. Then it was his turn.
“So saying it at night is like…practice?”
Dean sighed. He glanced away from Cas. “You should get some sleep. I’ll take the floor.”
Castiel was standing in the kitchen washing dishes with his twin brother like they had done every other night for as long as he could remember. When they were nearly finished, Jimmy picked up the plates and hefted them into the bare cabinets. Castiel placed the silverware back in the drawer beside him. In the silence they clattered loudly.
When he met the angel’s eyes, for a moment he thought he could see his own desperation mirrored back at him. But then Cas just glared.
“It’s an insult to the music industry,” Dean insisted. But by the third verse he was singing along and Cas had released his death-grip on the seat.
Dean barely touched his food. He asked Charlie to box it up and then refused dessert. Sam shot him a look and he ignored it. He went up to the counter to pay, shooing Sam away with his hand. He went to wait in the car.
“Let’s go,” he repeated. Sam retreated to the impala without another word. But he threw a glance back at Cas, half worried and half encouraging. Cas took it as permission to try. He grabbed Dean’s sleeve when the man tried to pull away. Dean pulled out of his grasp but it was enough of an effort to make him stop. He didn’t look at Cas, speaking out angrily. “Let go, Cas. You just said you don’t need me. Let me go.”
Cas smiled and pushed Dean inside, eager to introduce him to his sister.
"Me, too,” Cas breathed.
“Let’s go upstairs,” Cas whispered into his neck.
“Practice precision. That’s all we can control right now.”
Sam shot questioning looks at both of them the whole tense car ride home. The only answer he received to the myriad of unasked questions was a slammed door in his face.
“Sir?” Dean blinked up at the waiter in front of him, distracted and trying to remember how to close his mouth. “Table for two?”
A step it took them a hell of a long time to take. Dean only grumbled a little bit about the chick-flick-moment aftermath, when they actually had to talk about things and figure out what it meant and all that. It made Dean cringe and it was a waste of kissing time if he was being completely honest. They had promised to be honest to each other at least - no more lies.
Jo halted for a second. “Abnegation. At least, that’s what I’m going to enter in the system.”
His voice came out rough and a little uncertain, but Cas smiled like nothing had ever made him happier in his whole existence. Dean breathed a sigh of relief. That wasn’t so bad, but the best part about saying the words for real was hearing them back.
He came in early every day that week. On Saturday Dean found him there, below one of the smallest barbells the Dauntless gym had. Cas refused to be embarrassed about that.
“When I was an angel no one died needlessly. Every death I witnessed was purposeful, and I’m struggling, now, to find a reason to keep going. Everybody dies, Dean.”
“Usually, people eliminate four of the factions as they progress through the simulation. But you only eliminated two, so your results are Abnegation, Erudite, and Dauntless. It’s rare, but it happens. It’s also very dangerous. You can’t tell anyone about this, Castiel, not even your parents.”
“Dean, you don’t have to.”
“Yeah,” Dean agreed hesitantly. “Good luck.”
“Don’t mess this up, Dean. Cas is my friend.”
“Wow, Cas, how’d you finish so fast?”
“Chuck,” he nodded.
“Yeah. Tomorrow. Right now, you should go. Go do something reckless.”
When he opened them he stared at Dean, silently asking all the questions that demanded answers. What do you want from me? From this? What do you expect me to do? To keep living in secret?
“He just jumped,” they whispered.
Cas opened his eyes to the sight of Dean’s retreating back as the trainer walked away from the fight. Cas let out a groan. Uriel kicked him, once, hard and Cas’s view faded to black.
Dean reached out to touch Cas’s bare shoulder. He turned, blue eyes wary and distant.
He smiled. “My aunt Ellen runs this kitchen. I help out in the mornings sometimes. I’ll come in and get things started, do prep work and stuff, so I have a key. And Bobby gave me all the codes.”
Cas nodded cautiously. “Is it not the same for you?”
“Why are we in Abnegation?” All the houses looked the same. Cas glanced around. There was a man, sitting on a large arm chair in the corner. Cas recognized him immediately – John Winchester, the Abnegation leader.
Castiel nodded. “Yeah.”
“Umm…twenty minutes, maybe?” It felt like forever.
“I’ve done that. I’ve been doing that.”
Dean sighed against Cas’s shoulder and the feeling made him want to shiver. But he wanted to hear those words even more.
“Because my eyes are the bluest blue to ever blue?”
Castiel gave a look the brothers lovingly referred to as his smiting face. Sam chuckled, slightly uncomfortable. “I don’t need him, Sam. Why does he not see that?”
By the end, Dean was mystified at best, and borderline insulted. He took it as a challenge.
Dean shook his head and took Cas’s hand. “It’s just hard to say when I’ve never said it before.”
“I just need to…”
“Good things those weren’t the rules when we were initiates, huh?”
“I know you used to have God and a family of holy chickens, but do you think we’ll be enough? To keep you here?”
He was almost relieved when the lights when down. Five bowls were brought out to the table on the stage below. Each one held something different – soil for Amity, glass shards for Candor, water for Erudite, grey stone for Abnegation, and coals for Dauntless. Just as the prior day for testing, each person was called up one by one. Everyone would watch as they made a small cut on their palm and bled into the bowl of their chosen faction. Some people switched factions, most stayed the same.
“So…sex?” Good one, Dean, very articulate. Cas just chuckled.
Castiel was only slightly better at the guns. As he got used to the initial shock of the kickback, he improved rapidly. He was a little sad they only spent one day on that so far. He liked the feel of the metal in his hand. The strength behind guns wasn’t from muscle, but from sturdiness and Cas may have been small but he wasn’t fragile.
