Sherlock,
“Myc!” John heard Clementine’s pleased voice behind him the same moment he saw the stern look melt away from the stuffy man’s face.
“It’s not you I don’t trust John.” Sherlock interrupted.
The implication of the question sent an embarrassed flush down Sherlock’s body. He nodded slowly.
“Piss off.” Sherlock said the words with such a straight face that John couldn’t help but laugh and shake his head.
She wanted to hit him, scream at him. But she also wanted to hold him. She wanted to throw her arms around him and pull him near. She wanted to cry and tell him how much she hated him, how much she missed his stupid face and his posh suits and his condescending tone.
Clementine leaned back to regard the man she once called brother. He was sweating and worried. She could feel her heart racing. What had happened to Sherlock?
At this, John looked down and saw Sherlock on his phone, apparently researching their evening movie pick.
“Oh, um hello. I’m here to see Clementine.” John tried for his most gentlemanly demeanor, but knew there was only so gentlemanly one could appear knocking on a woman’s door late Friday evening. The woman seemed unfazed, though.
The figure pushed away from its position against the wall, shaking the match in his hand before throwing it to the ground. This was a man John had not met, or even seen, this evening.
“Stalks people?” John asked.
Schooling her expression, though not before Clementine had noticed it, Martha Hudson welcomed them into her home with open enthusiastic arms.
Sherlock let out a low moan.
“And that voice. Fuuuuuck me, nothing sounds better than you crying out my name when you’re cumming.”
The next day was John’s day off. So in the morning the three companions were still together. Clementine had shifted onto her back in her sleep. Sherlock was wrapped around her, leg draped over her lower half, arm over her chest, and face buried in her shoulder. John was still behind Sherlock, but his arm was now clinging around his waist as if he were trying to pull the man into him. His head was resting in the nape of Sherlock’s neck.
“What did I say about the swearing?”
Instantly John was in his space wrapping arms around the tall man. Their lips crashed together. Sherlock held John close, melting into the touches, the kisses. The kisses were desperate and hectic, like they were starving men sitting down to a meal.
“Listen. I’ve survived far worse that a house full of junkies. I can handle myself and you can provide me back up.”
“From the moment I saw you in the pub I wanted you.” He pulled her shirt over her head. “Wanted to feel your body. Wanted to taste your skin.” He pulled his shirt off as well, before leaning back down to suckle at her neck.
Without discussion as to who will sleep where Clementine climbed into the bed and right into Sherlock’s arms. He pulled her close to his chest and ran his hands through her hair. John climbed in behind Sherlock and tucked himself to the man’s back, draping a hand over his waist. In this position his fingertips could brush along the small of Clementine’s back.
“Uh, yeah,” he said. “She was too ill to come. How did you know that?”
John couldn’t agree more. He wanted to step in and say something, but she seemed to be handling the situation.
It had been nagging at the back of John’s head all weekend that he had engaged in all manner of debauchery with Clementine, but had failed to actually take her out on a proper date. This was contrary to John's concept of how these things worked. Sure a one-off without a date was one thing, but he had every intention of seeing Clementine again and it didn't sit well with him for it to just be sex.John Watson was not the type to use a person for sex. So this Wednesday evening he decided to invite her on a real date. This was one of his two evenings during the week, Saturday being the other, where he did not have clerkship the next day. Shortly after he sent his text he felt his phone buzz.
I know you won’t write back. Probably are living somewhere else entirely. If you have been paying attention to the news you will know that things have escalated over here. There are more missions every day. More and more soldiers are coming back to the hospital wounded. It keeps me busy, but I cannot say that it is a good busy.
“Hello, love.” She shot Sherlock a coy smile.
Tears were falling from her eyes now. Her father loosed his grip on the back of her head and raised his hand to strike her across the face. Clementine flinched, preparing for the blow.
John gave the other doctor a tight smile, quickly grabbing a glass of Champaign off a passing tray. He drank it down in one gulp.
She clenched her teeth in anger, but pain splintered through her head.
“Do you doubt me Sherlock?”
He stopped when he felt the side of his overstuffed chair hit the back of his legs. He didn’t fall over, just stood firm as John continued his forward march. When he reached his final destination, John pressed their chests together, swiftly cupping the back of Sherlock’s shower damp head and pulled him in for a kiss.
Their lips brushed every inch of exposed skin. Hands running over lean muscles and under soft warm fabric. John hummed in satisfaction. Sherlock whimpered with desire.
Sherlock grumbled and dug his face deeper into the pillows.
Clementine turned to regard John as he sat up straight, hackles raised.
“That explains the slap I guess.”
Eventually, when John spilled into Sherlock’s mouth and Sherlock rubbed off on the slickness of John’s groin, cumming all over his stomach. The two shared a sweet kiss before extracting themselves from the bed and getting on with their day.
Sherlock gave him a perplexed look. This wasn’t his intention. Sherlock had merely been trying to even the playing field. John had so thoroughly exposed him the night before, discovering his need for Clementine’s presence and support. He wanted John to feel as exposed as he did if only to balance the power.
Clementine took another sip of her tea before continuing, her fingers still in Sherlock’s hair.
(See the end of the chapter for
John shoved Sherlock’s jacket from his shoulders. Sherlock pulled John’s undershirt free from his trousers. All the while their lips barely parted, only shifting position here and there. John grabbed at Sherlock’s trousers, pulling the other man closer.
They never talked about the touches. Gradually, they became everyday occurrences, almost a routine. John would make tea and toast for them in the morning. Sherlock would glide around him, hand on the small of John’s back whenever he was close enough to reach. They took turns brushing their teeth in the bathroom. Sherlock would guide John out of the way with a soft hand and a push on his hip. Sherlock would then settle into an experiment at the kitchen table or research at his desk. John would come say goodbye before he left for work, running his hand gently, but firmly over Sherlock’s shoulder and upper back.
Clementine vigorously shook her head.
Within a few moments, John was pulling his fingers from Sherlock’s body and slowly pushing in his aching erection. Sherlock gasped at the sensation.
“And what is wrong with a woman’s job?” Sarah fixed him with a level stare. John’s ears turned red with embarrassment.
Dear Sherlock,
“Here use mine,” John said, reaching for his phone.
“Who said anything about medicine?”
Mycroft had asked to speak with her privately.
about her presume
There were at least five people in the cramped room. Each lay on some form sleeping pad. Some were actual mattresses. Some were nothing more than broken down stacked cardboard boxes. She couldn’t tell if any of them were actually Sherlock at first. She peered around, checking for any recognizable features. Then she spotted it. A matted snarl of greasy dark curls. She knelt down beside the body. Placing a hand on its shoulder, she shook gently.
John began to gently spread his fingers, stretching her out, preparing her. She cried out in pleasure as he inserted a third finger, continuing to pump in and out.
Sherlock sobbed into his shoulder. John’s heart clenched. Then just, as suddenly, it opened like a flower on a sunny day, dropping all the weight it had been carrying.
“Yes.” Sherlock’s reply was gasp of desperation.
They would talk about their days. Clementine would relate the latest and greatest student stories. John would one-up her with gross and embarrassing patient stories. Sherlock would lament on some new fungus or dirt classification systems while Clementine and John would lovingly pretend to care. They would shag each other senseless, pent up desire from going days without seeing each other.
She stepped to the side and John headed up the stairs with a final friendly nod to the landlady. He knew that Clem was going to be at the lab. She always worked late on Tuesdays. His plan only involved Sherlock.
Sherlock sat up straighter at the statement. He leaned forward, eyebrows furrowed.
The aforementioned twats shared a confused look, then turned their gaze to the windows. The sight and sound slowly filled their senses, washing over the heat and lust. The snow had rendered the normally streetlight-stained black night to a sheet of nearly pure white. The windows were rattling more fervently than before and John caught the sting of a draft at the back of his neck.
With that Sherlock began thrusting deeply into John. His hips pushed against John's arse, propelling him into Clementine. The woman wailed beneath them. Sherlock had one hand on each lovers’ hip.
With all my love,
Sherlock was amazingly skilled, keeping tight wet pressure up and down his shaft, stroking what he couldn’t fit in his mouth with his hand. His tongue flicked over John’s slit on every up stroke. John ran his fingers through the soft curls in front of him, moving his hand with the bobbing of Sherlock’s head.
“That is what
It was a pathetic dance he performed, oscillating outside Sherlock’s apartment.
“So I lay in bed listening for the sound of reindeer hooves and sleigh bells. I don’t know what time it was. It was late. I should have been asleep, clearly, but I heard a noise downstairs. At first it was just a shuffling. Then I heard a man’s voice.
“I got him to hospital, but he refused to see me when he came to.”
The tears were heavy and salty. She dropped the pastry to her plate and set the tea down, cupping her face with her hands. She sobbed and sobbed and sobbed. It was all so beautiful and perfect and horrible and wrong. Aunt Martha didn’t say anything, just pulled her chair next to the young girl and wrapped her arms around her.
Sherlock began thrusting deep and fast. John reveled in the rolling pressure of the other man’s cock. So overcome with pleasure, John leaned forward onto Clem, resting his forehead on her shoulder. He could feel her arms go shaky.
“Let me make it up to you.”
“Yes. The fact that the phone is a hand-me-down is easy. The phone is banged up, scratched. You even allowed it to be tossed to the floor. Not the way the man before me would treat a luxury item. So it has had a previous owner.”
Then John suddenly stood, wraping one arm around her waist and one around her chest, pulling her up against his chest, pinning her body against his, in one swift move. Leaning over her shoulder he captured her lips in a heated kiss.
“Where is she?” His tone was clipped.
Making love to Sherlock Holmes was transcendent.
That was it. Without ever talking about it, the two had become lovers and partners in life. There was no big announcement. They just continued living their lives the way they always had in public, allowing people to think whatever they wanted. Neither assumptions that they were lovers, which there had been since the moment John moved in with Sherlock all those years ago, nor assumptions that they were just friends and flatmates bothered either of them.
As their kisses grew more frantic and needy words ceased to matter. Sherlock began to push John backward, pulling at the hem of his shirt as he went. They stumbled through the kitchen, where John’s shirt was discarded on the floor, followed quickly by Sherlock’s towel.
“You are not weak, John Watson. You are a courageous man who only wants to protect the ones he loves.”
She wanted to yell then. Wanted to scream in his pompous face. She wanted to tell him that he was fat and stupid, the way Sherlock always had. The insults she had always defended him from seemed the most visceral in her anger, the most logical to grasp at.
“Have you ever let a man fuck you Sherlock?” He shook his head. “But you want to?” He nodded his head. “Do you finger that tight little ass hole of yours when you wank?” Another nod. “Do you want to know what my cock feels like?”
At this realization, Sherlock was determined to get home as soon as humanly possible. He barely bothered to grab his luggage, completely neglected to actually check out of his hotel, and definitely didn’t stick around to give any more statements to the police. They had what they needed. He dashed to make the soonest train back to London.
John took a few commanding steps forward until he was nearly toe to toe with Sherlock.
“I can’t do this if she moves. I need her to be still. He won’t hurt her. That is the last thing that I want.” John tried to project back to Sherlock his own agony at the situation. Sherlock didn’t say anything in response. John nodded to Garrett and the man gently, but firmly, held Clementine’s arm in place.
“That’s it.” He said. “Tell me what you want.”
“Stop it! He loves you and you know it. Let him help. Get clean. Finish school. When you are ready give this back to me. We can start over, move in together. We’ll go to university. Be grownups. Be together.”
With love,
“He doesn’t hate you. Not really. He’s just angry. He feels safe with you. He knows you will always be there so he takes liberties with you, beats you up because he knows you are strong. He thinks you are indestructible and he wants to be that.”
Clementine clenched her fists at his use of the word freak. She was definitely not a member of the Sherlock Holmes Fan Club, but she could never stand hearing people called hurtful names. Especially when it was a prick like Wilkes doing the name calling.
Suddenly Clementine was met with the filthy image of John’s hand buried most of the way into Sherlock’s arsehole, unmoving, his thumb resting gently on the man’s perineum, the tip of his cock just at the corner of the screen.
With the lies they told to you
Clementine and Sherlock froze. He was home. What was he doing home? He wass at least two hours early.
“Do you want to grab dinner on your way home?” Sherlock would ask, more often than not.
Just then John heard a ping from inside his pocket. Text alert. It was from Clementine.
The silence and solitude of the moment was broken with an irritatingly familiar voice.
“Do keep up you two. Clementine, not thirty minutes ago I sat on the couch and informed you I was going to text John and I needed your phone as that is where his number is stored.”
“What?” John asked.
“How are you doing?”
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s waist and the two men promptly fell asleep.
He let the reality sink in as he looked on affectionately at the two of them. He didn’t feel like a third wheel. He didn’t feel like Sherlock was butting in on his relationship with Clementine. Hell, he didn’t really have a relationship with Clementine. Not one that existed outside the context of Sherlock anyway.
Sherlock loved the feeling of John’s lips on his, the way he licked and nipped at them. He loved the taste of John. He loved the way his lips and tongue tasted of tea. The soft salty tang of the skin just underneath his ear. The deep full flavor of the skin at the base of his neck.
An apt name she thought. Even they knew what they were doing was so filthy, so inexcusable, that
As soon as they were back in the apartment, Clementine made a beeline for the couch.
It was a lazy Sunday morning. They had woken to the muted light of the sun shining through the curtains. What had begun with John’s wondering hands over Sherlock’s naked body had turned into John bent over with his hips in the air, face pressed into the bed while Sherlock feasted.
Clementine stepped forward between the two men.
Happy holidays! Have a new chapter. :)
When they were finished they would fall asleep in Clementine’s bed, all wrapped up in one another.
His face began to crumple at her words.
But Sherlock wasn’t there. He was sitting at a table across from an older man, the cabbie no doubt. They were one building over. Two windows and a small courtyard separated them. John thought about running from his building over to the next, but realized he wasn’t quite sure how he had gotten to the room he was currently in. Then suddenly he saw Sherlock hold up a small bottle with a large pill in it. Poison. That is how he did it. He got people to take poison. Surely Sherlock was too smart to actually take the pill.
And with that Sherlock left John standing, paralyzed, in the hallway.
The words enveloped them both laying on the bed, blanketing them in a serene sort of peace.
When John came over and it was just Clementine they would lay together on the couch. Sometimes they would talk, about nothing in particular. Light hearted banter about who was a better detective, Poirot or Miss Marple. Other times they would just lay there in each other’s arms, John running his fingers through her hair until Sherlock came home.
John was frozen on the spot. Her words were pure sex and her grip was firm. Slowly she slid up his body, letting her breasts brush up his prick, his stomach, his chest. She peppered kisses on his skin slowly, sensuously, until she reached his ear.
John dashed out of the door. When he returned home that evening things were still a bit awkward. They still touched, but they were brisker, shorter touches. At bed time John came up to Sherlock and rested his hand on the other man’s shoulder. At this point he would normally bend down and give him a goodnight kiss to his head. But this night he just stood clumsily for a moment before patting Sherlock’s shoulder in a perfunctory manner.
John’s filthy words spurred his companions into action. Sherlock descended on his prick with a ferocious desire. His hands and lips worked in concert to wring every last bit of pleasure from his body.
Instantly fingers threaded through his hair. He groaned his approval as he began to lap and lick with enthusiasm. He had always prided himself on being able to pleasure his partners with his oral skills, but this times the stakes seemed higher. He was concerned with her pleasure for certain, but he was ever conscious of the eyes on him, of giving a good show.
“You left rather early in the morning last time. I wasn’t sure how you were feeling.”
When the fervor of lips and hands finally subsided, John planted one more sweet kiss on Sherlock’s lips before bidding him goodnight and heading up to his own room. If he pulled his cock out immediately upon shutting his bedroom door and wanked himself to completion without ever taking his clothes off, well Sherlock didn’t need to know.
It took some struggling, but they managed to get her limp body in a cab and over to the A&E where he and Clementine now sat in the waiting room.
Right now, John was thoroughly thriving off of the feeling of Sherlock’s tongue up his ass.
“I didn’t think you two fucked when I wasn’t hear.”
you intent to write?”
“I should have just grabbed her and drug her from that pub. I’m so
“Come home,” Clem continued. “I need you. I need you safe and healthy and sane.”
The pathologist, who was wearing what seemed like a hazmat suit, moved to accommodate his request.
It was clear that Sherlock was panicking. John cupped his face to still him, looking right into his eyes.
Uni began in a few weeks. Mrs. Hudson was giving them a steep break on the rent, but Clementine knew it was just because she wanted her close and Clem didn’t mind one bit. The place still smelled a bit of old cabbage and curry from past tenants. The walls were a bit beat up, but Aunt Martha had agreed to let her spruce the place up a bit in her own style. She had already painted her bedroom and hung a set of curtains.
John H. Watson
“You know what I like to do after a fight?” He whispered.
Then there were the times where John walked in on Sherlock in his mind palace. The first time John didn’t know what was going on. Sherlock lay there, hands steepled under his chin, on the couch, unresponsive. John was nearly frantic for a moment. Then Clementine had come home and told him all about the memory trick and that if he was going to stick around he better get used to Sherlock just forgetting he was even there.
------
As the aftershocks subside he loosened his grip and she melted below him. John, however, kept himself propped up strong as Sherlock continued to fuck him.
They sat in silence for a few beats before John spoke again.
“Okay, so do you? Have a boyfriend?”
“And that’s the way it went,” said Sherlock standing in the doorway to kitchen, watching the pair on the couch. He seemed irritated.
Silence. Then another slap to the ass.
It wasn’t until he made it to the electric pot, completely naked, that he noticed the suit sitting at the kitchen table.
"Wait, what?" John snapped, "and you let him go?"
Out on the pavement, John whistled while stuffing his hands into his pockets. Zed sat in his vintage Triumph Spitfire. Making the best sunny weather, he’d taken the top off and was basking in the sun with a pair of shades perched at the end of his nose. Looking over the brims, he grinned up at John and patted the dash.
“You sure?” John shut his book, the one he’d been pretending to read for the past week but hadn’t gotten past page eighty-seven, and looked up.
“Notice I said respect. I don’t expect you to be nice, but if we show her some respect, she might make your job a little easier.”
(See the end of the chapter for
your fingers have been before touching things.”
“Mm, that we are. Shame, but I’d prefer to wear a real collar tonight.”
It takes twenty minutes to fill Greg in. Then another fifteen while Greg punches her name into the computer. Every time the computer found a potential match, they compared it with the grainy photo Paige had sent over. Eventually, the algorithm strikes gold, and Greg stretched out one hand for his coat while jotting the address down with the other. Sherlock scowls at him, but Greg simply looks up and shakes his head.
“Good, I’m done. You can sit while we wait for Zed to remember how to tie a knot.” John stood back, blocking the audience's view momentarily. He tilted his head and ran his tongue over his lips. “Fucking gorgeous,” he whispered as he admired his handiwork. The ropes formed a v around Sherlock’s cock, tightening the already constricting material of his trousers. Sherlock was half-hard, and John wondered if it were from the ropes, the public situation, or a mixture of both.
Feel free to follow me on twitter for more information on future stuff. Or if you have discord you can use that as well.
“Spanking is overused as a punishment,” John shrugged, “Now for the fun part. Things that will help us maintain a bit of normalcy.”
wait to help him out of it.”
“That is a fair assessment for part of the time. Times like last night, I want you to have it all.” Sherlock nuzzled against John’s collarbone and held his breath. He was aware just how much he was asking for, John could very well say no, and this would be over whatever it was.
“Can I ask a favor? I know you’ve already got your hands full, and I wouldn’t ask if I thought it was nothing.”
Laughter trickled out from the crowd as John took Sherlock’s hips in both hands and twisted Sherlock around so he was flat on his back. Lifting Sherlock’s legs one by one, he planted Sherlock’s feet on the ottoman, far enough apart to ensure the room had a good view of his submissive’s erection.
Sherlock’s eyes drifted down to John’s groin, where his suit was currently doing a fairly decent job of hiding the outline on John’s erection. Sherlock’s nose twitched in disappointment at being denied an eyeful, but he nodded and answered John’s question loud enough for at least the first few rows of onlookers to hear. “I do, Sir.”
enough to make Sherlock gasp, when he released Sherlock’s ear, he whispered, "take care of each other.”
“Right, let me call Lestrade then. Sherlock isn’t answering.” John said, dialing the D.I.’s number and pressing the phone to his ear as he slipped back in the vintage sports car.
tell.”
"While I don't doubt that, I've been promised a week inside a villa along a private beach. If I have my way, neither of us will have much need for clothing," John grinned while settling back into his seat.
“This should be fun,” John commented, tapping out a reply, then tilted the phone towards Sherlock, getting his approval before hitting send.
“Either get your cock inside me, or I’ll do it for you. I’ll ride you so hard you won't even know what hit you.”
“Come to bed, love,” John suggested while giving Sherlock’s shoulder a squeeze. “I promise not to steal the blankets on you tonight.”
“I’m not sure,” John answered carefully, forcing his eyes to stop their hungry wander down Sherlock’s torso to meet his gaze. If Sherlock was undercover, he didn’t want to make his friend uncomfortable by ogling him. “I’ve never been kept waiting before. I have a bit of a reputation here, you see.”
“Oh yes, please, Sir.” Holding out his right hand, so the bracelet wouldn’t interfere with the watch he typically wore on his left wrist, John guided him to sit on the edge of the bed. Their height difference served as a potent reminder that John was entirely in charge of the situation, as he carefully ran his thumb over the vein on the underside of Sherlock’s wrist.
Unsurprisingly the building was in turmoil when John and Greg cautiously made their way into the building. They pass by bodies, and men writhing on the floor, fighting against their bonds. Two of the men assigned to be in the first wave stand with their guns drawn, guarding their prisoners.
“A little,” John replied.
“No, I said I needed someone to help me pay the rent. Not, help cover rent. You know me by now, John. How often do I remember a due date for any of our bills?”
Moon Young and Lilianne they were after. Or… if this is more widespread than we realize.”
“Come for me, then suck me off.” Sherlock demanded, reaching a hand down to swat John’s hand away.”
“Why not?” Greg shrugged and motioned through his glass walls to the mass of officers now assigned to the case, “I’ve been granted overtime, text the information over to me, I’ll see if anything turns up.”
With a single grunt, John came hard, bending forward and pressing his chest against Sherlock’s back, he thrust in twice more, then held Sherlock close as they both came down from their highs.
“No, I’m not yours. If I belong to anyone it’s John. But I am my own person, not an object to be had.” Sherlock heard himself say, though his focus was solely fixed on Moriarty who had taken a step towards him.
“Another one of the girls didn’t show up last night. This time, I have a name. After the last incident, I asked my staff to learn their names. Perhaps it’s a breach of privacy, but they copied down their names on a piece of paper, which we keep behind the bar.”
' and finds them tasteless.”
“Well, they’ve only been open for about a year now, and they aren’t exactly
“Jesus,” John repeated, feeling himself twitch at the sight. “Lower your bloody skirt, or we won't make it to the club. And go look on the table.”
“You, my dear Captain, have made your first vital mistake. You gave me an order while collared but didn’t express anything beyond the basic task. As I am uncollared, I intend to enjoy my shower. Might want to think about that, John.” Sherlock winked then released his balls in favor of stroking his cock, which was very quickly becoming erect. Before John had time to react, he turned on his heels and stepped into the bathroom, closing the opaque glass door behind him, sealing himself off from John’s groan of frustration.
It dawned on him then that he had a choice to make. He could, temporarily, push aside the pleasure he felt by being touched. He could control it until it was nothing more than a distant hum of pleasure and give John the blowjob of his life. Or, he could give in and become the quiet and pliant sub so many Doms wanted. The man who would kneel and space out, essentially a puppet to be had and used.
"Hello, John." Mycroft waved to the driver to drive on, then got straight to business. "Has Sherlock told you what transpired while you were
“Yeah, uh… Da found out he had cancer, so they tried for one more before the treatment had a chance to sterilize him. I guess they warned him it could and offered to freeze some semen. I found out later that they decided to try the old-fashioned way first. He passed shortly after treatment started.  Never even knew mum was pregnant. I never got to meet him.”
“John,” Arching an eyebrow, Sherlock used John’s first name to get his attention then added, “Sir. I promise you now that we can discuss this another time. Right now, I feel as if a wound has been ripped open, and I would rather like someone to comfort me. That someone, being you, John.”
me. Like he thought I’d just farted, and he was waiting for me to apologize or excuse myself.”
“He’s here, and he’s got four men, our men, watching him like a bloody hawk. Mycroft said to draw this out, give him time to do something. We’ll play ‘What Is Love’ over the sound system when he’s made his move, or it’s determined he won't do anything other than watch.”
“Yes, Captain,” Sherlock whispered as a thrill ran through his body. He hadn’t seen John act like this in weeks, and feeling John’s cock grow hard against his thigh so suddenly was a breath of fresh air.
“Might I propose a day where I can be bratty without worrying about a strike?” Sherlock asked, looking up to meet John’s eye again once he was properly collard.
“You have five seconds to begin each task after I give a command before I use this.” He said, sliding his hand down the shaft of the crop and flicking the leather tongue for emphasis. “What is your safe word?”
“Mm,” Sherlock hummed, nodding his head slightly, his chin bumping against the side of John’s face. “As long as you promise to forget the word bea.”
“I wouldn’t.” Sherlock said adamantly, “My suits are more than fashion choices, they demand respect and boost confidence. Each article of clothing I wear serves more purpose than covering my skin, John.”
“Yes, but a case, John! Hurry up, get your coat.”
“Well, it's not sex. Just… me tying you up.” John amended, though he too failed to see a significant difference.
"Not much," John admitted, "Just that your intelligence has spotted Moriarty back in London."
Sherlock shook his head quickly, his mind slotting together what was happening. John had gone for his chastity cage. The realization made his cock twitch and it immediately began to swell. He heard John sigh. There was a sound of metal clinking together as John placed something on the bed, then movement as John stepped away.
AHH forgot to add this into my notes when I first posted the chapter -
Sherlock nodded quickly, which John acknowledged by humming softly. The sound of metal clinking together filled the room, then John’s hand was on Sherlock’s wrist. One at a time, he lifted Sherlock’s arms, bending his elbows until his arms were held out at a ninety-degree angle in front of him, wrist facing away from his body.
Here be smut. You've been warned.
**SHERLOCK** (NSFW IMAGE WARNING)
“Right, we’ll talk about
“Next Saturday, we introduce ourselves to the rest of the group. Meanwhile, we won’t sit idly by this week, John, so please stop looking at me like that. With the aid of Lestrade, or worst case, I cash in a favour with my brother, we should be able to track Lilianne down by her username and inspect her flat.”
He had half a mind to clean the duvet, but when he saw John curled up on his side, grinning sheepishly up at him with a damp stain at his side, he simply shrugged. It didn’t matter, blankets could be replaced, but John could not.
"Good, that's good." John nodded a few times, then smiled. He and Rebecca had been an item before he'd enlisted. She was one of the few other people, aside from Sherlock, with whom he’d made a contract. The sex had been fantastic, and she’d been the perfect mixture of sassy while still pretending she was the submissive.
FUCK IT. It's Friday somewhere... Posting this early because I'm REALLY excited for you guys to read this chapter
“Yeah, alright,” John reached for the lube as he slid out, coating himself back up while Sherlock got himself situated.
John’s voice slipped from husky desire to panting need by the end of his description. In a wistful voice, he said, “I’d rather take you to bed right now than go do this.”
“Give me a spin, love,” John asked, twirling his finger in the air.
“Lube. I’ll be right back.” He said, leaning down for a quick kiss and a fondle through Sherlock’s trousers.
“Right, thanks,” nodding briskly, he turned his attention back to the eggs before his blush could be detected.
John went back to tapping his pen against the paper for a few moments, skimming through the rules he’d used in the past and trying to apply them to life now. With a few alterations, he added a few more then tilted the paper for Sherlock to review.
John was in and out of Tescos in no time. Preparing to juggle three bags and an umbrella, he was pleased to find that the heavy droplets had returned to their previous drizzle. Despite their earlier conversation having gone well (as well as it could have), John decided to walk home using Siddons Lane, which would send him along the same path he and Sherlock had taken the night before.
“Human trafficking.” John sighed, finally releasing Sherlock, though he kept a hand on Sherlock’s thigh as if the thought of not being physically connected were unbearable.
John reached the offices first and didn't pause to see if Greg is following him. Taking stairs two at a time, then jumped down the last three steps as he reached the bottom. Streaks of blood could be seen on the cement floor as he rounded his first corner. Pulling up short he heard Greg grunt behind him as he came to a stop beside him.
“This is all Greek to me,” Greg said when he got close enough to the party. “But Jesus, Sherlock, you should show up to a crime scene like that. Anderson might implode upon himself out of sheer shock. You know he calls you a virgin, right?”
Despite his protests, the chemical continued on with its treacherous path, wreaking chaos in destruction in every cell of his body.
“Really, John. All this time, and you haven’t noticed the types of foods I’ll pinch off your plate?” Sherlock said; placing the pig tongue on a sterilized dish, he sat back in his chair and recrossed his arms. Giving John an appraising glance, he dared the doctor to solve the
Dropping onto his elbows Sherlock arched his back and did his best to keep up with the music. The beat was fast and consistent.  As the song began over again, Sherlock let out a low moan, then shuddered as John’s cock pushed against his prostate.
“Zed, when are you going to update your wheels?” Matt asked, staring at the plum coloured sports car glistening in the sun.
“And lastly,” John asked, looking up from his notes and fixing the pair with a worried gaze, “would you be willing to make a statement with the Yard? I can connect you with a few officers who will be discrete. Zed assures me everything here is run by the books, but I can appreciate you not wanting London’s finest parading through the club. I’ve got a friend who has a good team. He’s currently in charge of the two missing girls.”
Sherlock flashed John a grin before flipping over onto his stomach. He stretched his arms out under the pillows and gripped the edge of the mattress. Arching his back he rose up on his knees a few inches, then rested the side of his face against the bedsheet.
“Hardly seems appropriate,” Mycroft said with a small smile. “Why ruin a good thing. Please, call me should either of you require anything. I’ll stop by in the morning to update you on the raid and the contents of that vial you recovered.”
“Mm, I think better with an audience, and apparently sex feels better with one too.”
“Marvelous, I’m sure you’ll make someone very happy tonight.
“Greg,” Sherlock used the Inspector’s first name, causing the man to look over at him in surprise. “John and I have laid out our likes and dislikes. I do
“Yeah. A mate got us invited back when we were in uni. We were young things, all of us pains in the arse. I thought this would be a good way to get our pent-up aggression out. Zed saw something in me and sort of mentored me. He taught me to be kind, respectful and that bondage isn’t always about shouting orders. Honestly, I used his lessons daily while I was abroad.” John smiled, glancing over to the corner of the room Zed had occupied with his crowd of followers.
“Do you have a copy of her ID?”
“Always, when I’m looking at you.”
When the cuffs were in place, John tested the tightness by sticking his pinky finger under the cuff. Satisfied that they were not tight enough to cut off circulation, nor lose enough that Sherlock could wiggle free of them, he let go of Sherlock’s hands. “Palms up,” he commanded, not bothering to wait and see if his order would be obeyed.
“You mean I’ve put on weight.” Sherlock scoffed, instinctively sucking in his stomach, reminiscent of Mycroft in his teenage years when he’d first started dieting.
“Your throne for the evening, my love,” John said in an undertone so only Sherlock could hear him. “For tonight, we’ll use Yellow for when things are becoming too much and Red if you need it to stop. Keep your eyes on me, my pet, and I’ll make your evening unforgettable.”
"Then let's not push it," John cautioned. "I want this to be enjoyable, not tolerable."
Sparing one glance, John surveyed Sherlock and relaxed a fraction when it appeared his clothing was still intact. These men would not care about helping Sherlock back into his outfit after having their way with him. Turning his attention back to the man looming over Sherlock, John pressed the barrel of the gun harder into his skull.
Between the overcast sky and the new moon, the only light they had to work with came from back garden lights. John’s formed seemed more intimidating, cast in shadows, and the height difference, thanks to Sherlock being pressed against the wall, sent shivers down the detective’s spine.
“Right, lift your hips a bit so I can get this under you.” John worked quickly so he wouldn’t prematurely tire Sherlock out. It wasn’t long until he’d devised a harness made out of rope around Sherlock’s hips. He hadn’t been shy when it came to using his fingers when working around Sherlock’s crotch. John had even gone as far as cupping Sherlock’s balls with one hand while he fit the rope snugly in place at the crease of Sherlock’s thigh. This had earned the pair a few catcalls from the audience, which made Sherlock’s face tint a beautiful shade of pink.
on John’s old army tags. Silicone silencers kept the two discs from kindling together, which was probably why Sherlock hadn’t heard them in John’s pocket. The thought of John placing the chain around his neck filled him with a level of excitement he didn’t fully understand.
“I love you so goddamn much, Sherlock. Whatever is about to happen with Moriarty, I need you to know that I’m on your side. Whatever you need, just ask. I’ll do
"Nice," Sherlock agreed with a smirk. "I'm going to move now." He grabbed hold of John’s thighs and pulled the doctor closer to him.
Sherlock took a few backward steps towards the bathroom then a coy smile stretched across his face. An elegant hand dipped between his legs, and long fingers gathered his balls into their grasp.
“Why are people nice to each other? Why do some people go out of their way to please others?”
“Yes, my case… Well, back in January, the group lost a member. The week prior, one of the girls had ended up getting over her cold feet. She went home with one of the Doms, a male. He’d been hanging out with the group all evening. My staff had asked the girls if they were all right, and they couldn’t recall anyone being distressed.” Paige paused long enough to fix herself a cup of tea, milk, no sugar.
“We did kind of…
"Lestrade, stop looking at me like that. Please give the road the same level of attention you are giving me. I would prefer reaching our destination in one piece." Sherlock snapped as Lestrade swerved back to his side of the road. "If you have something to say, just say it."
(See the end of the chapter for
Gone was the caring doctor he’d seen so much of over their course of friendship. He’d seen hints of the army captain hidden behind jumpers and John’s actions before. But seeing him now, demanding and confident, made his cock swell with blatant desire.
“Sure,” Greg said without hesitation.
I love when John tells me that Sherlock needs something. I felt it in the last chapter, but I wasn't listening, I was too busy making them use their new room. Sherlock needed this as much as John did, and luckily for him John fucking LOVES being on the receiving end.
“Fuck, John!” Sherlock swore, thrusting his hips up hard and pressing the tip of his cock against the back of John’s throat. “So fucking close.”
“Yeah, yeah, you do.” John panted, watching through blond lashes as Sherlock tore open the condom then stared at his cock. “Let me?” John offered, realizing that there was a strong possibility that Sherlock had never put one on before. He took the condom and expertly rolled it onto Sherlock’s length before leaning back on his elbows. “Where do you want me?”
“Well, this is a big house.” Clem said without flinching. “He must be somewhere else because he is not here. You should look around.”
He stared up at Sherlock, his eyes firm, his jaw set, but his expression uncertain.
It had been three weeks since John had been to Baker Street, though. It was exam were on and he was so busy that he lived in the hospital, library, and class room. He even took naps in the basement of the library in between study sessions.
amazing.”
He tossed back the remnants of his glass and asked for the check. He had no intentions of getting drunk tonight. In fact he had plans tonight. And while those plans required liquid courage he could not be belligerent or sloppy.
Three quick stinging slaps landed on Sherlock’s tender flesh. Then John was back inside him fucking him hard. Sherlock gripped the edge of the table and moaned.
“Thanks Mrs. Powers,” Sherlock said around a bite of scone.
In an instant Clementine was on him, forcing her hands into his pocket as he tried to fight her off. In the end Clementine’s spunk and Sherlock’s reluctance to even lay a hand on her saw to it that she won the battle.
“He abandoned us Clem.” Sherlock said frankly.
“It’s not safe.”
Sherlock to intensive care as he was still unconscious.
It was clear to John the middleweight was assessing his target. He saw a keen eye rake up and down the other man’s body. John's blood pumped in his ears. His breath was coming quickly. This was what he craved. This was what he needed.
“Well, I have work in the morning, so I’m off to bed.” John laid one more quick kiss to Sherlock’s lips.
“I thought about it and realized that it meant I didn’t have to leave.”
“You wrapped it all up for me in these pretty pink nickers.” He tugged the panties aside to expose her trembling body to the crisp air of the room.
John turned to leave. He paused before going through the door and up the stairs, looking longingly through the kitchen and to the hallway that led to the room he wanted to sleep in. John felt his stomach turn a little, that twisting feeling that came when you wanted something so bad, but knew you couldn’t have it. He bowed his head and pursed his lips, resigned.
John sat on the edge of the bed reading the email on his phone. Sherlock and Clementine were fast asleep behind him, wrapped around each other like rag dolls tossed in a cubby. His hands were shaking.
“Kids eh?” John’s voice was low, but seemingly unaffected. “I can only imagine the type of trouble you two got into.” He gave a soft chuckle as his fingertips gently caressed Sherlock’s lower abdomen.
Sherlock made a noncommittal noise. John ignored him.
“Listen here you little shite.” He pointed his finger directly in her face. “I have no problem hitting a girl.”
Clementine offered a congenial smile that didn’t reach her eyes as a response.
He looked down at her his heart swelling. He noticed a bright purple color peeking out from the strands of hair that fell around her neck. He brushed the hair back to inspect the spot. A love bite. From Harry.
There was Dr. Royalt, old but waning money. She didn’t expect much out of him that evening. Duke Ormestein, the future king of Bohemia. There was Sir Charles Baskerville of England, who was baronet to the Baskerville estate. Emilia and Gunnero Lucca, new money. Baron Adelbert Gruner and his lady companion Violet de Merville. And Mycroft Holmes, chief adviser to the mayor. He practically ran New York.
Clementine leaned against the closed door, looking a bit sheepish.
The fingers in his hair went tight.
“Don’t be so pedestrian, John.” Sherlock sniffed hotly and straightened his posture.
John choked. Sherlock did not take his eyes from the microscope.
Sherlock loosened his grip in John’s hair, trying to pull back, but was blocked by the chair behind him. John could see his trepidation. He clamped Sherlock’s hand back down onto his head, urging him to keep his grip.
“Be a dear and budge up onto the bed.” John coaxed, leading Clementine to the bed. “I want to fuck you just like Sherlock did. Would you like that?”
The menacing look in Sherlock’s eyes told him these were the wrong words.
John had figured him out, had learned his secret. Sherlock had taken to watching Clementine have sex because he was too afraid to do it himself. He wanted to, he had all manner of sexual thoughts. He knew the mechanics, touched himself on a regular basis, but he couldn’t bring himself to be aroused in another person’s presence without her. He hated to admit it, but she was his protector. He knew that she would never let anything happen to him. Would never let anyone do anything to him he didn’t want.
“In my defense,” John interrupted, “I did have other things on my mind last night.”
So its only been what...three years? Sorry about the wait!
It took a few moments before their heads cleared and they regained full control of their limbs. Untangling themselves from each other gently, John leaned back against the headboard of the bed, while Clementine remained prone, her head at the foot of the bed. As Sherlock slowly climbed off of her, Clem reached up a hand to run gently down his cheek. The two shared a gentle smile.
Dear Sherlock,
Love,
“Yeah,” he said, looking up at Sherlock, “I’m okay.”
As he stood there in the middle of her room he was hard to recognize. This new Sherlock was far cry from his typical jeans, band t-shirts, and converse that Clementine was used to seeing him wear. His hair was even different. He had clipped it shorter, the curls behaving nicely for once, almost unnoticeable.
“Who is the lucky person?”
“Fine.” She hoped that was a proper response and was pleasantly surprised when the doctor accepted it with a nod.
“Keep your fucking hands off her!” He growled. The man threw is hands up in surrender.
“That’s enough!” John shouted back at her.
I don’t really have anywhere to go. I suppose the army will set me up with temporary accommodations, but I’m not sure what I will do or where I will land.
By the end Sherlock walked out completely pumped, ready for a life of adventure, fighting crime and terrorism as an MI6 agent. Clementine, on the other hand, left the movie rallying against the sexist subplots and bemoaning the ending.
“Seriously. What part of ‘no’ isn’t sinking into that thick skull of yours?”
After a few more moments of silence she finally spoke again. Her voice was light and unaffected.
“Can you believe it?” He turned to Clem. “There my poor mother was, bleeding and frightened, and all I could think about was Santa.”
John, ever the man’s man, simply put his boxers and t-shirt back on and sat at the table. He had just finished brewing a second cup of tea and opening a newspaper when the front door of the flat opened.
John. John, this is my… brother…Mycroft.”
“Who said anything about flatmates?”
She was dressed in a smart, plane navy blue day dress with a slight frill at the collar. Small wire framed spectacles rested delicately on her nose. Her hands were cleaned of their usual smudged ink. She had always difficulty keeping her hands off the lead, but she was not about to get ink on the loaned tux John was wearing tonight. A bit of ink was, however, smudged on her cheek. It made John smile.
The answering moan was all John needed to hear. Clementine crawled up onto the bed, sank her shoulders into the mattress and stuck her arse in the air.
Just as John was about to step forward and grab her he heard a shriek from behind. Suddenly Clementine was there, two beers in her hand, dancing just as crazy and wild as Harry.
She dangled the phone in front of his face, a sly smile spreading her lips.
John pulled up his trousers and rolled the sleeves on his dingy white shirt. A far cry from the tux of the previous night. He buttoned his suspenders and slipped them over his shoulders. He looked like a laborer. He felt strong.
“Um, I didn’t, uh…”
“Tell them to hold off, Mycroft,” Sherlock said forcefully.
I sighed, “I don’t know, I just feel like… in his current state of mind I shouldn’t be thinking this way about him. I feel like I’m, I dunno, taking advantage of him or something.”
“No, Sherlock wait,” I gasped breathlessly into his mouth. I looked into his dilated grey orbs, certain mine were exactly the same, “You’re not… we’re not ready yet.”
I cocked my head to the side in confusion. As I discarded my laptop on the floor I noticed that his member was at half-mast, “What’s wrong love? What do you need?”
Well, maybe romantic was the wrong word. Rather he tolerated my soppy tendencies of hugging him from behind, or pulling him closer to spoon me in bed (usually I’m the little spoon). I had been pleasantly surprised by his behaviour, finding his uncertainty and confusion towards romantic gestures endearing.
“Wait, stop,” Sherlock said desperately.”
She trailed off, twirling a curl around her finger thoughtfully.
In the back of my mind, I heard pounding footsteps on the stairs over Sherlock’s anguish. Lestrade burst through the door, Mycroft on his heels looking far less composed than normal.
Sherlock put his arm around me, and I slid an arm around his slender waist as I limped over to the black car waiting to take us back to Baker Street. I was exhausted and in pain, and Sherlock didn’t look much better. I’m sure he was hurting as well but in an entirely different way. I knew it was okay though, because together we had survived. And together we could face what tomorrow would bring, and every day after that.
Sorry for the wait. School has swamped me lately so this one is a little short but thanks for your support everyone! :)
After my limbs started functioning again, I rolled of Sherlock, cringing at the mess we'd made. Sherlock hummed and licked slowly at the warm, sticky liquid on my belly. I chuckled, running my dry hand through his frankly impressive sex hair. I cleaned Sherlock up as he continued licking the come off my torso. He hummed again before pressing his lips to mine. I could taste the mingled flavours of us on his tongue; it was so satisfyingly dirty that I wondered why I hadn’t ventured into the realm of men earlier.
“It’s alright, I can do the rest,” Sherlock said quietly.
There was a pause before Sherlock said quietly, “You think I’m beautiful?”
“I’ll be back soon, try and get some more sleep while I’m gone, alright?”
Sherlock smiled, “I think it is appropriate in this situation to say that I had an excellent teacher!”
I noticed that Sherlock clenched his fists in the sheets to stop his hands shaking. I strode over to the bed and put a firm hand on his shoulder.
“Sherlock, what caused this?” I asked, but I already had a feeling what had done the damage.
“For instance,” Sherlock continued thoughtfully, “I find your hands extremely enticing…” He took the hand that was on his neck and turned it over in one of his own. “Especially your fingers… they’re fingers that heal with tenderness and care…” He kissed one of my fingers delicately, making me hum appreciatively, “but they can deal such violence with the same precision…” He licked the inside of the next finger from base to tip, drawing another hum from me as I buried my face in his neck.
My phone buzzed again:
A pang of guilt stabbed at my gut, “I’m sorry, I was downstairs with Mrs Hudson. I was telling her about your, um, condition.”
Sherlock smiled at me with a shadow of his old smirk, resting his forehead against mine, “… So, were you actually jealous then?”
I hardly noticed that the gunfire had cease as the shots were still ringing in my ears. I felt as though I was under water and everything was moving in slow motion. The lights flicked back on, but my face was still buried against the top of Sherlock’s head, still protecting him from the ghost bullets pounding in my head.
Greg’s brow furrowed and I continued steadily, “Being with Sherlock, it’s difficult. I just, I have to constantly hold myself back around him, you know? I’m always worried that every little touch is going to trigger him and that… being with him could do him more harm than good.” I sighed, “I dunno, I s’pose I just have to get used to this relationship… it’s all still pretty new, to both of us.”
I grazed my lips and teeth over his jaw, moving to his cheekbone. I loved his cheekbones and I bit down on the one beneath my lips. Sherlock sighed as he released my finger, placing his hands over mine and moving them; the one on his peck down to his silk covered abdomen and the other inside the collar of his shirt.
I nodded, “Okay. As long as you’re sure you are okay now?”
“I see…” What could I possibly say in answer to that? Thankfully, I didn’t have to answer anything more.
“Mmm, I think I understand. Focus on insignificant detail shows depth of affection, correct?” Sherlock hypothesised, seemingly ignoring my nibbling.
Kinda long chapter, but I'm sure you guys won't mind! :P
“So, you never told me how you escaped…” I began, reaching for the revealed flesh.
I trailed my nails gently up his arms and back down, all the way down his sides to rest at the waistband of his boxers, “More? Are you ready for more?”
Sherlock’s shoulders tensed up at the sound of Moran’s voice darting around the echoey space. A broad, shadowy figure stepped up to the railing of the mezzanine. Rage nearly blinded me for a moment as I finally laid eyes on the man who had done such vile things to the man I loved. Despite the gloom, I could make out a chiselled jaw covered in rough stubble and dark dead eyes, like those of a shark, set into a weathered face. Moran grinned slowly around the scar at the corner of his mouth, which twisted his lip menacingly, and his white teeth flashed in the pale light. A shark indeed.
Sherlock turned and started the water, signalling me that he wanted to be alone with his thoughts. I turned to go but stopped at the door when Sherlock called out my name.
‘Don’t worry! He’s never done this before either, u can both learn at the same time! This may sound strange but you could watch male porn to help…’
I don’t remember when exactly I fell asleep but I woke the next morning to find the space in the bed next to me empty. I sat up and realised what had woken me in the first place. Music from Sherlock’s prized violin was floating in from the living room.
“Shall we compose a message, then?” Mycroft asked, who proceeded to sit at the dining table, perched primly on the edge of a chair.
Slowly, I approached his bed and sat down by his side. Gently, I took his hand in mine and squeezed softly, just so he knew I was there for him. I rubbed my thumb over the back of his hand in small, slow circles and sure enough, he calmed down slightly.
“Which he is,” Sherlock interjected with slight impatience.
I thanked him and swallowed the medication without even double checking what it was. That was very unusual for me, but I trusted Sherlock to give me the right amount. Honestly, that was a slightly worrying thought considering that I never used to trust him with keeping himself alive let alone another living being.
I sighed dejectedly and rolled over onto my side. My thoughts where whizzing around in my head for some time after that until I finally fell into a fitful sleep, filled with horrible dreams about how Sherlock had gotten that scar…
Just as suddenly as he had whirled around, he dropped into a crouching position, eyes gazing across the street. Sherlock glanced back at the tobacconist’s shop before peering across the road again. He leapt to his feet and began jumping up and down on the pavement.
Our proximity and Sherlock’s attentions to my right ear meant I was developing a hard on just from his kisses. I tried to tell Sherlock, because whenever either of us got a bit too excited we would alert the other and back off, but that didn’t happen this morning.
He looked around the body and this time there was not so much blood. He turned to Lestrade and said, “She’s been moved. Where was she originally?”
Then I grew bolder from the flavour of Sherlock that I just couldn’t hold out any longer and took Sherlock fully into my mouth, as far as I could. I think if I hadn’t been squeezing the base of his cock still that he would have come just from that one mouthful as Sherlock practically screamed and bucked up into my mouth. I almost gagged as the head hit the back of my throat, but restrained, wanting to make this perfect for this impossible man.
Holding him closer, I sighed and said quietly, “Way to ruin the moment. But yes, I need to know what happened.”
Sherlock smiled softly and leaned in for another soft kiss. He then pulled away and got to his feet, already moving towards the door, “Okay, I’ll leave you to it then, doctor!”
Soooooo sorry for the lateness of this update. Thank you for sticking by the story even when I deliver chapters late!
Such a revelation to someone of my age was a shock to put it mildly. Whilst I was trying to digest this sudden realisation that I wasn’t at all as straight as I thought I was, I then became dimly aware of Mrs Hudson’s presence in the kitchen.
“Sherlock, I… oh! I hope I didn’t interrupt anything,” Greg said, his expression shifting from one of surprise to confusion before ending in glee. “I knew it! I knew there was something up with you two!”
“I know, but Sherlock is so stubborn that he won’t admit anything’s wrong with him let alone stop working,” I replied.
Sherlock looked away and considered something for a moment before nodding, “Okay. I don’t know what came over me just then. I just, wanted… something, wanted you. Like this burning in my belly…”
Greg jumped to his feet and moved towards the door also, “I’ll get the blueprints off Mycroft’s people and help coordinate everything. You two can’t know anything about the plan, you guys might give something away by accident, no offense.”
When Sherlock froze, I came rocketing back to reality, all arousal induced fuzziness disappeared from my mind and I let go of Sherlock’s arse instantly.
Sherlock looked at my arm linked through his own, and a tiny hint of a smile ghosted across his mouth. He paused for a second before snuggling into me slightly. This was a slight shock but also a revelation as, to my surprise, it was not entirely unwanted.
“Hey,” I put an arm around his too-thin shoulders, “It's okay, just breathe slowly. She doesn't know the specifics, I just told her that you had been captured and have been through a lot. I'm so sorry, Sherlock. I shouldn't have told her anything without your permission, I should've known better.”
I hugged him tighter and blinked back the moisture in my eyes, “I like the sound of that.”
“When I escaped,” he said simply. I wanted to ask more but from his closed off expression I could tell I wasn’t going to get very far on that front tonight. I then saw that his left shoulder was slightly swollen.
Suddenly the room was blindingly bright as fluorescent lights flashed on. Sherlock and I both had to shade our eyes for a split second as we adjusted to the harsh light. By the time we looked back up, we had been surrounded by men dressed in black and armed with guns who were spread over both the ground floor and the mezzanine.
I chuckled, “We really need to work on your bedside manner…”
Sherlock didn’t respond, his lips pulled into a thin line. Moran chuckled again and turned away.
He grumbled at me as he lifted his arm from his face. I smiled and sat up, “Come on.”
I nodded, processing the information, “Okay, the aching is a side effect of what you’re going through; being so on edge all the time means your muscles tense and then they ache,” I explained, returning his hand to his lap and placing a comforting hand on his shoulder. “The nausea and the headache are to do with that as well. Let’s get you into some clothes and then we can see how you feel, okay?”
“John, you almost killed two different people yesterday for simply grabbing me. That’s a very powerful reaction for someone who hadn’t actually hurt me.”
“What?” The two lovers said in unison breaking apart.
When they pulled away, that wasn’t what actually came out of his mouth.
Sherlock’s cheeks reddened at the tone of his voice, but he continued with his stream of logic.
“I’m going to trust you with this.”
“So, happy ending?”
Clementine walked over to Sherlock and wrapped her arms around his chest, embracing him in a gentle hug. Sherlock let his free hand settle on her head.
The voice on the other end was deep, masculine, and muffled by music and voices.
“John.” Her voice took on a stern edge. John willfully ignored it, sinking deeper into the pleasure of the bodies surrounding him.
Suddenly one arm gave out and then the other. She propped herself up on her elbows, her head resting on Sherlock’s chest. John raised his head off of her, but remained curled around her.
She approached the inebriated woman and handed her a beer. Harry took it graciously, they clinked bottles and continued their pathetic attempts at dancing.
Mycroft sucked in a convulsing breath before finally speaking.
“He did what?”
The nearest fight was less than a mile walk from his boarding house in an abandoned warehouse by the piers. Technically the sport was legal, but the gambling that went on was not.
to me!”
John brought a loving hand to Sherlock’s face, brushing the streams of tears from his cheek before kissing him firmly, lovingly on the lips. That kiss was a promise. A promise from John to Sherlock that he would never be alone again.
John noticed Sherlock smirk at his brother. Mycroft knew and Sherlock knew he knew. He felt the pads of Sherlock’s shower soft fingers at the back of his neck.
Then slowly, Sherlock stood, running his hands up Clementine’s body. He paused to suckle at her breast, burying his face between them for a moment, just letting the soft mounds brush against his cheeks, before leaning over her shoulder to kiss John.
But he couldn’t shake the stabbing pain in his stomach knowing what John was doing that evening. Sherlock picked up his phone and dialed.
“Yeah, yeah,” John said hurriedly. “Let me just—uh—go get him.”
Sherlock looked her up and down. Her skin was flushed and her hair was a sexy mess. Her breasts hung loose and he could see the glimmer of wetness that covered the tops of her thighs and framed the soft patch of hair at their meeting. His cock hung heavy between his legs. He felt exposed and not just because of his state of undress.
“Look, you know that ‘never’ is a huge exaggeration. I’m sure she look it off at the flat and you just haven’t found it yet.”
“I’m sorry.” She said without turning to look at them.
“Sherlock isn’t my boyfriend,” she said. Then for some reason she added, “And he sure as hell isn’t straight.” The girl just smirked.
Clementine could hear a cacophony of footsteps on the stairs. For a moment she didn’t move, just held the piteous gaze of the boy under her bed.
The scenarios varied. In one Sherlock was a prisoner, hands bound behind his back while John gripped his hair tight and fucked his mouth with a commanding force. In another John was in his formal attire. He would stand at parade rest ordering Sherlock to strip, one article of clothing at a time. Once he was completely naked, standing in front of his captain, Sherlock would blush, hiding himself as best he could from John’s hungry gaze. John would order him to lay on the bunk. Sherlock would comply, still trying to hide his nakedness. John would tut at him, gently and move his hands away from where they shielded his body.
“That was brilliant.” John told Sherlock. “Absolutely fantastic.”
“I think you are already sophisticated.”
“Ooohhh,” John purrs, “You didn't. Did you?”
“You are the wisest and best man that I know. Of course—of course I forgive you,” John hiccupped. “I only beg that you can forgive me for leaving. Please forgive me for all the hurt I caused you.”
She went stiff.
Sherlock hadn’t even thought about her since John showed up at their door last night. He assumed she would be back and join them in bed. Only now did he realized that this hadn’t happened. His posture stiffened as he leaned forward in his chair, urging Mycroft to continue.
“You have to understand Clem,” Mycroft had said softly. “They are concerned for their son. They are just trying to protect him and however ill-conceived and cruel their methods may seem please know that they are scared and are just trying to do their best by Sherlock.”
Sherlock was pacing the room, still running high on the adrenaline.
“How do you feel about the violin?”
! But I have to! I have to know for sure that my life is over!”
“Order for Holmes!” The shrill irritated voice broke through their conversation.
They both turned to him, Clementine looking shocked, but Sherlock looking impassive.
“I don’t know what you are talking about. I’m the reason John’s here now.” Sherlock said mater-of-factly.
typically a woman’s job and John was itching to get out of it.
I lost my first patient today. He was a young guy. Just out of high school. His platoon had been scouting the same road I mentioned in my last letter. The truck he was in hit an IED. When they brought him into the base hospital he had already lost too much blood.
“No. That’s not—”
“I really like you too, John. I enjoy spending time with you. That’s why I went home with you that first night. I would never think you were the kind of guy who would just use me for sex. Using someone and having a non-romantic sexual relationship are two different things. You are a good man. Only a good man would step in the way you did earlier today and only a good man would offer up his services in time of war.”
Now in the A&E her face pressed against his chest they were back in that bed. Back in a moment where Sherlock could not protect her, where he felt so helpless that all he could do was comfort. He couldn’t take the pain away. He couldn’t undo it. So he held her. He held her and sang.
“I was going to go into my sister’s room to wake her up, but when I got into the hallway the noise in the living room sounded strange. It sounded like someone crying. I peeked around the corner and saw presents scattered across the living room floor. Some of the wrapping had been ripped, the toys in some of the gift bags had spilled out. And there, in the middle of all of it, was my dad towering over my mom.
“I’m not hungry!” Clementine yelled as Sherlock placed the food on the table at Baker Street.
“When did you first move to London,” John had asked her.
“Hey, Sheza,” she heard a voice call from behind her. “Ya brough’ us a lil gift? ‘ow’s about sharing the goods.” Suddenly there were hands on her. Groping at her arms and sides. Clem yelped. In the blink of an eye, Sherlock pounced. He tackled the offending man to the ground wrapping his hand around the other’s throat.
Clementine froze for a moment. Then slowly extricated herself from the closet, sweatshirt in hand.
Their lips separated and then met again and again in light, sucking kisses for the briefest of moments before they pulled apart and settled down closer together on the couch, bodies touching from shoulder to knee, hands still intertwined, now resting on their laps.
Mycroft stared at his brother for a moment. Then, with tight-lipped nod, he rose from his chair and walked out. Sherlock did not turn to watch him go. He did not turn to look at John.
“You are so fucking gorgeous,” he said, slipping his hands up her shirt. He shifted the garment up to expose her breasts, still encased in a black lace bra. He instantly dove his face into her chest, kissing the supple mounds and trailing little sucking kisses along her cleavage. He could hear her whimpering below him.
“Yes.Yes.Yes,” Sherlock gasped below John.
“I guess I’m a hard guy to peg,” he said, letting the smoke slip from his lips.
“That’s not what people normally say.”
“What?”
He knew his leaving would hurt. That it was abandonment. But so was going off to war. He knew it wouldn’t be easy on any of them, but it would be much easier for his partners in the long run. He wasn’t going to move in with them, fall in love with them, have them fall in love with him, only to ship off in six months to the front lines.
“I want you to feel so good John.” She whispered in his ear, tucking herself against him once more. “I want you to come completely undone.”
“John!” She said with a mixture of excitement and what John thought was surprise.
“I can assure you, Sherlock, I am not your enemy. I am here out of concern for your safety. Where did you go tonight? Did you take anything?”
“You don’t mind?” Clem asked.
John smiled to himself as he pour the water into the mug.
John would chuckle, squeezing his shoulder.
“Please,” her voice was so small it made John’s chest ache, “Please stop Sherly.”
“Absolutely not!” She paused, her blanket gripped in her hand. Her Aunt sounded furious. She couldn’t help it, Clem began trembling.
“Clem! One of your little school friends is at the door!” She turned back to John who was still standing on the stoop.
“John. It’s nice to meet you.” John extended his hand as Clementine came rushing down the stairs.
“John Watson.”
“You don’t know what pinnacle means. Do you?”
Clementine gripped his hand tighter and pulled him closer.
“Unwrap her arm.”
“I love you John Watson.”
“Or do you want to cum in my mouth?” Just then Sherlock swallowed John down to the base and, applying liberal amounts of suction, slowly sucked his way back up to the tip of his cock.
Sherlock laughed.
After Sherlock bailed on them at Barts John returned to Baker Street to wait for him. Sherlock returned late that evening in a manic state.
John tried to push his way through the crowd. He had to get to Sherlock before the man disappeared. There was no use. It was too thick with drunks and gamblers that would not be moved.
Mycroft’s gaze flicked between the three companions. John noticed he had the same look on his face that Sherlock often did when he was deducing someone. Then suddenly the man stiffened and drew in a deep, displeased breath.
“Place your bets!” The bookie continued shouting. “3-to-1 odds on The Brick! Place your bets!”
“I believe the man asked you a question.” Clem said, punctuating her words with another sudden caress of John’s prostate.
“Mmm,” Sherlock hummed in confirmation.
“He’s even done it to a couple of my boyfriends,” she said without turning back to Clem.
-----------
There was a considerable silence before John answered, “She wasn’t you.”
“Condoms?” He asked.
Dipping his hands into her lace knickers, he slipped two fingers between her wet slit.
Clementine's parents abandon her.
The two men stepped apart. John could feel the loss of Sherlock’s closeness as he turned to pay the hostess behind the counter.
“He bent me over the bed.” She was shaking.
“No. I suppose not.”
John had to work the next day and needed to be in bed at a reasonable hour. This moment, right before bed, had become a bit awkward for John recently. More and more evenings, as of late, ended with John and Sherlock in some state of physical intimacy that ended with the two of them in Sherlock’s bed. In fact, John had spent more nights in the past few months sleeping with the other man in his bed.
“And just where, pray tell, were you this evening?” asked Mycroft.
“I’m not going to hurt her. Look I know our situation is a bit … unorthodox … but I would never—”
“Yeah, well I’m not the John Watson—”
Sherlock recoiled, pulling his hand from hers. She grabbed him back pulling his hand close to her chest, holding him tight.
“Is this what you like? Do you liked getting fucked while your pretty-boy roommate watches?”
Stood before him, still shirtless, feet now safely encased in rough black leather boots, was Sherlock Holmes. John’s mouth watered at the sight of the man’s bare chest. It was scuffed and dirty. John could see the red beginnings of angry bruises.
“But you know, Watson,” he said, “You love her, or you are well on your way towards it, and marriage will only strengthen that. And you will live together, and you not see me as often as now, and you will have no reason not to indulge in all sorts of domestic pleasures together. She may take you away from me after all.”
"And he did not love his wife?"
A few puffs later, Holmes had not moved, and I found myself whirling to face him.
"Why do you say that?" she asked, in more surprise than my ego or my intuition could fathom.
"Well," said I, "I can hardly marry her."
I had long since become accustomed to Holmes's strange, wild moods, but today, with the weight of the previous night hanging heavy over us both, it seemed particularly harsh. I found myself quite enraged by it, and after another five minutes of silent agitation on both our parts, I snatched up the morning paper and retired to my bedroom. Holmes did not look up at me as I left.
"Nonsense!" said I, quite angry — both at this man, and at the suggestion that I might in any way resemble him. "To take you out, to share his heart and hear your own, to spend time with you in such a way, he must have known — what fool wouldn't — he must have known and willfully ignored your feelings, for his own convenience! Miss Morstan, I am grieved for you. I can quite see why you might doubt all men."
And yet my feelings were more complex still — for a part of me also longed for the dream of a happy, ordinary household with a happy, ordinary woman, and I felt the loss of that dream that night. Oh, what a fool I was! Mary was many things, but she was in no way ordinary.
He did not answer beyond that, and I was beginning to believe he never would. Yet, after a full ten minutes, he finally spoke.
I recall the sight of her clearly, seated by the open window, with that little touch of scarlet at her neck, every bit as sweet and grave and beautiful as my published descriptions — however modestly she protested them. At the sound of my foot-fall she sprang to her feet. My account of her first words, I believe, was quite accurate.
But then some part of me, some greater feeling, began to bubble within my chest. A feeling which told me I could gain just as much.
“And perhaps Mary and I will be fast friends, and we will have all gained treasures from this affair.”
However, all was promptly forgotten as I told of the empty treasure-box, and we listened to Small's lurid tale of greed and betrayal. Then within the half-hour, Althelney Jones was leading him away, and I was left alone with Holmes.
I pulled my hands away, gently.
"Very well," he said. "Let me start with the curious incident of Mr James Cardwell."
"I fear that it may be the last investigation in which I shall have the chance of studying your methods," I said cryptically, intending, I'll admit, to agitate him.
"Well indeed!" he agreed, snapping back in his seat and scrutinising me as though I were the bloodstain from which an entire case could be unravelled.
"Oh, Doctor," she said, "You have romance in your heart, but I fear it is nowhere else. I am seven-and-twenty years of age and I have not yet met such a man — if I wait much longer, I will end up an old maid."
"Do you really believe that to be the case? Do you think people think —"
Holmes gave a twitching, reluctant smile, and leapt back into his chair in an agitation of limbs. His restless energy would have made me uneasy, had I not already been so.
"Only one is left," said Holmes with brightness, although it had the ring of falsehood about it. "Only that perhaps our perspicacious Miss Morstan, in her experiences with Mr Cardwell, developed an instinct about when a man's affections are elsewhere, and was attempting to make you aware of it yourself."
"I know what you mean!" I said, rather harshly I suspect, though I was not shocked by his frankness: his cases are quite varied and often sordid, and I myself had been the one to set his mind at ease upon discussing them with me. As a man of three continents and several years of Army camp talk, there was very little Holmes could say that would truly shock me — though it was quite possible for him to make me go scarlet, and to beg him to quiet himself in case some onlooker might hear.
"Watson!" he cried, before I could explain, "Oh, Watson, I beg of you, do what you like, but don't toy with me like this! Stay with me or leave forever, anything but that! Can't you see, that kind words while you marry another are crueller than the coldest goodbye? Watson, Watson, you undo me!"
"You seem to be taking it admirably," I said eventually.
"I am not a wealthy woman," she said eventually, "And I never shall be, even with a share of that fine chaplet. I am without family, and my inheritance was quite unremarkable. I am also a governess, that most awkward of positions — a social equal, and yet a servant. I am also obliged to be entirely independent, with none of the security a husband would provide."
Holmes tilted his head to the side like a great bird, and surveyed me with heavy-lidded eyes.
In my published account, it is here I state that my heart was heavy, for the treasure held us back from each other. The reality, however, was nothing so simple. The weight was upon my heart not so much because I could not pursue her with such a treasure between us — though that did produce a certain sorrow within me — but because until that point Mary Morstan had been serving as a charming distraction from my unhappy state with Holmes. I feared that the end of my acquaintance with Miss Morstan — and therefore the case — would mean Holmes’s return to boredom and despair, and with it I would inevitably return to the role of helpless observer to it, an existence that grew lonelier and more painful by the day. For my regard for the man was blooming, rising from mere intellectual admiration into deep affection, which in turn fuelled the furnace of my helplessness.
"Holmes!" I chided, though I was not quite sure why I was angry with him. "Surely you can at least show some joy on my behalf!"
"No no," she continued, "I confess I am relieved."
"Small threw it into the Thames," I answered. "I must borrow Mrs. Forrester's poker."
"He was fond," he said. "And not a poor provider at all. And, of course, he was quite tolerant of her frequent gentlemen callers, an arrangement she seemed quite content with."
Though I knew Holmes said it only to make light and not with any sincerity, I still hoped with all my heart that this would come to pass.
Holmes's mouth twitched again, but he said nothing. I began to refill my pipe in silence.
I cannot truly speak of that which followed. I have tried, but I can find no words to capture the profound revelations of that night: the feeling of a man's hand upon me, the acts that Holmes performed without a qualm upon my person, the acts I returned, no more degraded or ashamed than a supplicant at altar. I would have been afraid, but Holmes was curiously himself, quite as brash and dry as in his daily life — and he was, as in all the things that please him, beset by wild and reckless energy, sparkling and intense as fire. And indeed, I found myself quite different with him than with the conquests of my past, indelicate as I would not dream to be with a woman — and when he was irked by those fumbling errors of intercourse, by those doubts and worries and his own profound affection, with him as with no other I found it all quite riotously funny, and did not feel the need to hold back from saying so.
"You should know by now," said I, quite faintly, "That I will follow."
"Another possibility is that our cohabiting, coupled with your inexplicable but now publicly apparent regard for me, has caused some little misunderstanding. It is not like the old days, my dear Watson, where men can be comfortable as intimate friends — now, it seems, even an imagined perversion causes a scandal."
"I have brought you something which is worth all the news in the world," I said, though perhaps not quite so eloquently. "I have brought you a fortune."
"And if they did," he continued, "You needn't panic. Marriage is probably the very best cure."
"What a way with innuendo your little lady has!" said he. "It seems to me you might have secured a dangerously quick woman, Watson!"
"Holmes!" I said, "No wonder you are in such a state of agitation."
"She indicated that she would be amenable to a proposal from a less exhausted man," I said. "It is not the engagement itself that is the issue."
After a while she rose, and I walked her back to Mrs Forrester's. The woman herself was there to meet us at the door, with a gleam in her eye and a smile which Mary returned with honest warmth. I bid them both good day, and made my return to Baker Street.
"Ha!" said I, knowing quite well that Holmes would be uninterested in something so domestic. And yet, now that Mary had spoken of him, suddenly I had no more desire than to be alone with him in Baker Street, telling him all about what had just transpired so that he might dazzle me with some deductive clarity. For I was all in a fog, myself, some strange, creeping feeling imposing itself upon my joy and blunting it like a sword against stone. I could see nothing which would give me such a knot of doubt in my breast; though I had blurted out what should have been given full solemnity, had it not been in my mind to secure Miss Morstan's affections? And had I not received every indication that she was interested in return? It was a most happy occasion, and yet some dark and haunting feeling plagued me.
"It would be of the greatest interest to me," she said, but she seemed quite cool and practical about it; I believe she foresaw the kind of troubles such a fortune might bring her, or perhaps the figure of two hundred thousand pounds was more money than either one of us could fully comprehend. "It is certainly a pretty box. Indian work, I suppose?"
"Miss Morstan," I protested, attempting to stay calm. "I am utterly in sympathy with your heartbreak. But please, I beg you, do not doubt my affections — if you desired to be my wife, I should have the good sense to count myself a privileged man!"
"Holmes," I murmured curiously, and the arm moved a little, revealing nothing but a pair of bright, wide eyes.
"I trust," said I, "That my judgement may survive the ordeal."
Mary seemed to see the turmoil in my heart.
"I see, my dear Doctor, that you have thought upon my words of last night."
"Goodnight, Holmes," I said, collecting my clothing. Half-dressed, I looked back at Holmes from the doorway — still shamelessly naked, he lay on his back with his head thrown back, his pale skin glowing in the candle-light. He looked sombre, and beautiful, and in all that open and unabashed glory, the most terribly affecting sight I have ever seen.
This was the biggest shock of them all — I dropped my pipe in surprise, and fumbled to catch it.
“Ridiculous,” said I, “You’re the best man in London.”
He was laughing, but he could not fool me now: I saw the quiver of fear in his eyes. I smiled at him, at his elegant limbs spread casually over the bed, and waved a hand.
"As it should be," said Holmes, giving me a wicked smile, which then began to flicker and fade like a gaslamp running out.
"If we talk of fornication, I fell into sin quite some time ago," I said.
"No, indeed," said Holmes, looking serious. "But Watson, I am a practical man. I should have been happy to be your first and last, but it would be preposterous to imagine it to be the case. And hardly fair."
"It would not be suffering," she said. "Not at all."
I clapped my hand over my mouth to prevent further laughter that might rouse poor Mrs Hudson.
"Heretic," I said, but I quite agreed with him.
"Capture my attention?" said the man, leaping up and pacing toward the window. "Ha! You have my attention now, Watson. You have my attention for being the most singularly annoying person in the whole of London! Is this what you desire?"
"Well, in any case, she lost interest when her marriage was arranged, and I was relocated. Whereupon I met my fifth, whom I should have married immediately were she not already so."
"I'll say there is, dear Watson. I do believe Miss Morstan was trying to communicate to you that her first love was not merely disinterested in her, but in the fairer sex in general."
"Oh!" said Miss Morstan, blushing quite enchantingly. "Oh, Doctor Watson... I should consider myself quite as privileged."
"Come, man, we will call for tea, and I will tell you the whole tale," I said. I led him by the hand downstairs, and was surprised upon the bottom step to be caught by searching fingers and kissed by trembling, desperate lips.
"Not at all," said Holmes, convulsing with silent mirth, "It is an apt demonstration of one of your most charming features. I do believe, with all my heart, that you loved them all."
I recounted her tale to him, as accurately as possible. Holmes's expression moved slowly from interested, to lazy, to curiously frozen, pipe dangled loosely from his fingers.
"He will be nothing but obnoxious. But you are quite right, of course," I said after a moment. "You deserve nothing less."
"Any another possibility?" I asked.
"Deduce it," he said, in a most peculiar tone, and I found that my blood ran cold. A creeping feeling, quite the same as the one I felt as Mary told the story of James Cardwell, began to overtake my senses. I realised, quite inexplicably, that I did not want to deduce it. I realised, then, why I was angry for no reason, and so keen to tell him all about it and receive his blessing; I knew as well as he that there was some deeper current to all this. Yet at that moment, my mind simply could not allow me to acknowledge what it was.
"Now, what is no use?"
"There are other considerations," she said eventually, with much more seriousness in her face. "I may not have known you for long, but I should like to know you a great deal. Already, I feel we are close friends. Already, I find myself worrying about you. How old are you, Doctor Watson? Old enough to have had plenty of opportunities to meet eligible women. It must be quite queer, to those who do not know you, that you are not already married."
"You know why, then?" I said.
"Oh," said Holmes, going still. "And what are you to tell her?"
"There are several possible theories," said Holmes, touching his fingers together. "The first one, the one you understood her to mean, is merely that her heartache has caused her to suspect all men. Who knows what it might have been — perhaps a mannerism shared between you and this Cardwell, something quite innocent but which her mind associates forevermore with deviancy."
"What am I supposed to make of it?" he said, shrugging loosely. "It seems like you shall be engaged to be married before tomorrow afternoon. I cannot congratulate you, as I have explained, but I am sure you shall be quite happy all the same."
She smiled at me again, and it seemed tinged with sadness still. Troubled by that hint of unhappiness, so inexplicably mirrored in my own heart, I glanced away. I caught sight of the lamplight beyond the curtains, and immediately recalled the time.
Holmes looked at me, defeated.
"You know my methods," he said with a cruel twist to that expressive mouth. He turned his long, lean back to me.
Holmes stared.
"Ah," he said simply. "Well, goodnight, Watson."
"Hush, Doctor, please let me explain," she said kindly. "It was not through lack of interest on my part that your pronouncement surprised me; Doctor Watson, you are a fine man, and I have never felt more at ease than in the midst of an adventure with you. But I must confess, I thought —"
"Have you any reason to be dissatisfied with my choice?" I asked.
"And how would I know?" said Holmes, equally enraged although the slight was not against him. "Do you mean to say that sexual deviants know no discretion? I know a hundred cases that have never been discovered, people of highly respected character. Do you perhaps mean that I should be able to divine some madness within you? I have never met a deviant who has appeared more or less sane than anyone else. Do you mean to cite your high regard for women as evidence? I once investigated a man who buggered his page on Mondays, his wife on Wednesdays, the Governess on Fridays, and Lord Marshall any day in between!"
There was a moment of silence, whereupon the full enormity of her words struck us both.
"It could mark the end of our friendship."
"No, I did not think ill of you at all," she said. "Perhaps the best thing I can do is tell you of him — if that is agreeable, my dear Doctor. I think..." She paused. "You should know of it."
"Poorly?" she said, sounding surprised, though it made perfect sense to me — If a man had engaged in such flirtation as we had so far, and yet not declared any genuine interest or intention when the occasion called for it, then he must have been a crass man indeed.
"Oh, Watson," groaned Holmes, his eyes closed, "Oh how I wish you would not write your thoughts so plainly upon your face."
"How do you find your fall into sin?"
Holmes looked at me for a long, inscrutable moment, and then lit his pipe. An interminable time later, when he had still not asked me about that which he had so clearly already deduced, I broke the silence myself by saying to the fire:
"Surely not," I said. Holmes looked amused at my amusement, and perhaps a little pleased that he had tickled me.
I was silent, waiting for her explanation. She looked uncomfortable but assured, as though she knew her mind well, and had only to draw the strength to speak it.
"Well," he said, "That and the fact that Miss Morstan did not, in fact, agree to your proposal."
"Yes; it is Benares metal-work."
"I see," said I, wondering toward what point Miss Morstan was driving, and having an uncomfortable suspicion.
He drew away slightly.
Holmes had returned when I entered our apartments again, and was pacing about in a great agitation with a pipe of his most foul and intense tobacco in his hand. He looked up at me as I entered, and gave me a look of such intense irritation that I felt it like a blow. I sat down, surprised, and watched him rattle around our living room for a good five minutes before I could bring myself to speak.
I was quite honest about the facts of the case, and more frank regarding Holmes than I had been in my first little pamphlet. The names, appearance and manner of a few of the key players have been changed or exaggerated, but aside from that, I was quite straightforward. No, my principle manipulations were based quite entirely around myself, and my interactions with Miss Mary Morstan.
"And that is where I cannot comprehend the doctrines of religion," complained Holmes, scattering the ash of his cigarette as he gesticulated. "How can sin come from those who are innocent? And how is one particular act of love a sin when others are good and wholesome? Is it purely because of the anatomy involved? Where is the sanctity in a marital arrangement that so often destroys the people who enter into it? It seems quite illogical. No, no, Watson, I shan't have any of it."
Such it was always, with my Mary. I may not have loved her there and then, but it was not long after that I grew to. She was, as I have said, the best woman in London.
"You do not act as a new lover should," I teased, "Upon hearing of his partner's past affairs."
Escaping my own discomfort, I fled to my room.
"So," said Holmes after a moment. "You would have married any of them. Yet, I perceive, you have been a bachelor all your life. Pray tell me, whatever went so wrong?"
And perhaps, one day, I will write an account of all the other grand deceptions in my chronicles of Mr Sherlock Holmes. But for now, all that remains is to cast this one, this document of all my most significant lies, deep into the fire, in the hope that I might get some peace from it.
"Not at all," said he, casting me a distasteful look. "I think she is one of the most charming young ladies I ever met, and might have been most useful in such work as we have been doing. She had a decided genius that way: witness the way in which she preserved that Agra plan from all the other papers of her father. But love is an emotional thing, and whatever is emotional is opposed to that true cold reason which I ought to place above all things." He smiled bitterly. "I should never marry myself, lest I bias my judgement."
"You've bitten a nail down to the quick, a habit most unlike you, and your expression when you entered the room was not one of romantic bliss. I can only assume that either you are unhappy about your arrangement — in which case I cannot help but wonder why you would make it — or that she turned you away."
"Two?" said I, surprised.
But then Miss Morstan, much to my surprise, drew her hand away.
"And?" said I, after no more information was forthcoming. "What do you make of it?"
"Oh," he said thoughtfully, giving me a most intense look, "I think it can wait a few hours."
He flashed me a nervous little smirk. I smiled, a little sadly.
"Nor can I," I said weakly, a gentle tease, and he seemed gratified by it — as I knew he would. God, how I wanted to please him, even as I was appalled by him. Lord, how much I admired him! If it were indeed possible for a man to be an admirer of women, and yet still love a man — then I did. In Holmes, I did.
"Perhaps they are not evil, but you cannot deny that affairs of the bedroom have brought down nations."
"Quite," I agreed, though I was not entirely convinced I believed the sentiment, considering the fact that a rope might well be literal in our case.
"The first," I said, for I had no objection to indulging him either way, "Or rather, the second — was a girl whom I was courting as a young man in university. With no elder kin to guide us both, we found ourselves becoming quite improper — but I had a love-rival, one who did not plan to go to the Army, a good man who had considerably better prospects. She married him, but not before she told me she should rather marry him and lie with me than be obliged to do both with just one of us."
“Shhh,” I crooned, stroking his cheek with my free hand, “I know, it’s okay, I understand.”
Enjoy!
I still held his right hand in my left but moved my other hand up to his neck to look at the burn marks more closely. He flinched again slightly but this time it was only small and he let me continue to gently run my fingers over his scars.
Sherlock and I exchanged glances as we recognised the voices from downstairs, and Sherlock’s eyes grew wide as we listened to the patter of urgent footsteps up the stairs.
I spared a glance at the other two men standing in the room; Mycroft looked almost as pale as his brother and Lestrade was attempting to regain his investigator's composure.
The picture was taken from the perspective of someone sitting on a bed covered in rose petals, with a pile of chains resting on one of the pillows. Propped up against the pillow was a photograph of Sherlock bound and bleeding, with tear tracks down his grimy face. There was a white substance streaked across the bottom of the photo and the surrounding sheets…
This time it was my turn to trail off. Sherlock had closed his eyes and was leaning his head to one side, almost like a cat that was getting petted in its favourite spot. He hummed, whether in agreement or contentment I’m not sure.
Sherlock did not make any indication of acquiescence so I ploughed on, “You need to deal with the pain and trauma you experienced so your body can get better and function properly,” I pulled gently out of the hug and locked eyes with the taller man, “Do you understand?”
I stopped abruptly, concerned, “What? What’s wrong?”
I froze. Warning alarms were going off in my head; he had found out somehow! I tried to remain calm, “Oh yeah? What’s that then?”
Sherlock was moaning and panting beneath me and it was the most amazing sight I had ever seen, completely open without any walls to protect him. I coated a hand in lube and wrapped it around our cocks, making Sherlock arch off the bed. Then, I started to move again. Soon, we were both a quivering tangle of limbs, hot mouths wherever they could reach and I was whispering Sherlock’s name with every movement, as though to remind myself who I was with.
The two men exchanged a look before Mycroft stated with a pinched expression, “We may have a lead, and possibly a plan…”
I shook myself mentally and told myself to stop reading things into the situation. We were silent for the next few minutes and I was just about to turn the telly on when Sherlock came and unexpectedly plonked himself unceremoniously in my lap. I groaned in protest and surprise as he curled up like a giant cat in my lap.
I groaned at his words, feeling my abdomen contract with heat. I slowed down my pace and turned to Sherlock, “Touch yourself. Just for me. Right here through your trousers…”
“You are so brilliant,” I said quietly.
He mumbled something incoherent into my chest as he nuzzled closer. He looked so peaceful when that brilliant brain of his slowed as the haze of sleep covered it. Upon Sherlock’s nuzzling, I smiled and realised I couldn’t leave him here to wake up alone.
Sherlock’s eyes darted over my face with a sharpness that I had hardly seen since his return. He seemed to notice my surprise and his expression softened.
*****
“Mrs Hudson there had better be an extremely good reason for you standing in the doorway of our bedroom gawking at us.” I could feel his deep voice rumble through his chest, making me smile.
I choked on the very oxygen I was inhaling at Harry’s last suggestion. Porn? Really? I got that research was important but somehow watching porn with Sherlock was NOT on my list of kinky things to try with him. I said this very thing to Harry but she replied quickly:
Sherlock hummed in agreement, and I felt the deep rumble of his voice against me, “So am I. And after tonight, we can get on with the rest of our lives.”
Once the message was sent, he threw the phone onto the desk before slumping on the couch, accepting his usual position beneath my arm, leaning into my chest. I splayed my open hand over Sherlock’s taught chest, kissing his curls as the detective got comfortable.
As he adjusted his position he queried, “But then how do I know that you’ll want me to or not?”
Smiling again at his thoughtfulness, I grasped the cane and hauled myself carefully to my feet, before shuffling slowly towards the kitchen to wrap up my leg.
I fetched a blanket and draped it over him, watching his pale face and smiling at how peaceful he looked at last. Looking at him sleep made me feel all fuzzy inside which was slightly startling for a man who thought he was completely and officially straight.
“What Moran did,” he explained in a defiant voice that shook only slightly. “As I understand it, sexual acts should be undertaken with consent and should induce pleasure for both parties. What was done to me was neither.”
I smiled, that was the most endearing thing he had ever said to me and it made my heart melt with utter joy. I nodded understandingly, leading him by the hand over to the couch, “It’s okay, I’ll show you.”
“I wish he would come home,” I said to it.
“Hey guys, Sherlock are you okay? You don’t look so good…” he said, eyes flicking to me with concern.
“Do you think I want to put him in this man’s path again?” Mycroft exclaimed, as the calm exterior he was trying to maintain crumbled. “Do you think I care so little for my own family that I would expose him to that vermin again without considering every option? I have tried looking for another way, but I cannot find one!”
“I have attempted to trace the message that Moran sent to Sherlock’s blog, with limited success,” Mycroft said, adjusting his grip on the handle of his umbrella, “I have determined that he is located somewhere in the United Kingdom, however, it was impossible to pinpoint an exact location. He covered his tracks well.”
The smaller scars there looked old and mostly healed over. There were only a few that were very prominent but others had faded and were barely visible.
Greg moved over to Sherlock’s laptop, which was open on the desk and pulled up a map, “We’ve set aside a location which would be ideal, but he may not go for it. We’ll only really be able to plan the rest once we get a response from Moran, unfortunately.”
Sherlock approached me with a fire in his eyes that I had not seen in him since before The Fall, “I realise we both need time, but when we’re ready, you are going to show me how it is supposed to be. You are going to show me that there is more to sex than just pain and torture. You’re not going to have sex with me… you are going to make love to me.”
Sherlock, surprisingly, hugged me closer, took a breath and asked quietly, “John… what’s happening to me?”
He was an extremely fast learner and he wrapped his hands around my waist as he grew bolder. I slid my other hand up his torso, making him shiver. We finally broke apart, lips red and swollen, both of us panting desperately.
"Holmes, dear boy," I said softly, after ten minutes of silent contemplation. "Which theory do you believe?"
"Pray, tell me then, who was?"
"I grant that am somewhat more mercurial than the average man," he agreed. "I cannot think how you endure it in a roommate."
"Please, if it is unwelcome, we shall say no more about it  —"
She hesitated, then smiled gently.
"I believe," he said, "That Miss Mary Morstan believes our relationship — or perhaps merely your feelings towards me — to be somewhat less than proper. This was not my initial theory, but she clearly believed that your affections were elsewhere, and where else but me? And why else would she allude to me, in such a personal and domestic matter?"
“Holmes,” I said despairingly, for I knew it could be true - or at least, I knew that I could love Mary. That I could cease to love Sherlock Holmes seemed inconceivable.
“Hush,” said Holmes, lips grazing mine, “If anyone has heart enough for two people, it is John Watson.”
"Yes," he snapped, with a rudeness that was uncharacteristic even for him. "No doubt it is."
With her words, I felt a sense of ease. A long engagement... it seemed to be the comfort I needed, and indeed the only thing I could see for sure in a world as fogged as mine. And I knew that I had met in Miss Morstan a most remarkable woman, a woman I would be sorely sad to lose as a friend — which I surely would if we parted ways now. And part of me — a part of me that has been proved quite wrong since then — still thought that my single night with Holmes was some mere fad, for all it moved my soul. What would I feel if I found that, once my unholy passion abated, I was left alone forever, having lost as fine a woman as I could ever hope to find?
I found myself, quite suddenly, bursting into laughter.
"What?" said I, but before I could protest, he gave me a disapproving look.
"But really, Holmes," said I, when I had calmed, "You cannot imagine me to be so inclined."
"Then what?" said Holmes, leaning forward suddenly at the scent of a minor mystery.
I looked at him, wondering if he was curious, madly curious, or madly jealous. He did a good job of appearing to be nothing at all.
"Pray, speak your mind, Miss Morstan, I doubt there is a thing you could say that would make me think ill of you."
Just as I said in my published account, Holmes landed me at Vauxhall at the end of the case, with a treasure box and an inspector for a companion. And just as I said, a quarter of an hour's drive brought us to Mrs. Cecil Forrester's.
"Within five minutes of conversation James and I were firm friends. It seemed to come quite naturally. For six months we went walking together, took lunch in the University grounds and in all the parks of London, and we would talk for hours about every subject under the sun. He was a little Bohemian, a little poetic, but the perfect gentleman, and very handsome, and I fancied myself head over heels in love with him. And indeed, a proposal of marriage seemed quite likely; my friends all declared him to be quite as smitten with me as I was with him. And yet such a proposal never came.
"I can tell you nothing," said I, rather breathlessly, "For I know nothing. You are the reasoner here."
"A simple one!" he cried. "I shall have solved it by this afternoon, if only I can get some peace!"
"Goodness!" I exclaimed. "I have left a poor Inspector outside in a cab! I will call on you in the morning, if that is agreeable to you?"
"Because —" I began, quite embarrassed, but determined to follow through upon my statement now that it was out. "Well, because you should have been beyond my reach without it. Miss Morstan, I must confess, I am," — and here I hesitated, as Miss Morstan's face was impossible to read, and I myself was beginning to blush — "As taken with you as it is possible for a man to be. But, I can see from your face that you — that is to say — forgive me, please, for being too forward, I cannot think what came over me."
After more kissing, Sherlock had curled up in my lap like a kitten, resting his head on my shoulder and sighed contentedly, “This is nice.”
Sherlock kissed me forcefully on the forehead and said, “Nothing. It’s just, that was brilliant!”
I knew I wasn't going to get anything out of him while he was in denial so I let him be and went about my routine for work, but all the while, still worrying about Sherlock in the back of my mind.
“She was tied up over here,” Greg said, indicating a chair with nasty looking chains draped over it. When Sherlock saw this he stopped in his tracks and looked even worse than before.
Lestrade avoided my eyes as he explained reluctantly, “I’ve had the Yard scrubbing CCTV footage, traffic cameras, ATMs and the like, with Mycroft’s help… but we’ve got nothing. This guy is very careful, there’s no trace of him anywhere. We don’t even know if he has any aliases, we have no idea where to start really…”
Clearing my throat, I said quietly, “What do I do?”
After Greg had finished at the crime scene, we went out to a coffee shop and I told him all about Sherlock’s behaviour over the past weeks. He was just as worried as me but had no ideas as to what could have happened to him for the detective to be acting this way.
Sherlock smirked, a mere shadow of what I knew the original was like, “I think I can. I have done this before you know!”
He had gotten himself worked up again; breathing laboured and uneven, pulse elevated, eyes wide, sweat beading on his forehead once more but most worryingly, he was scratching distraughtly at the back of his hands.
“Something boring that you most certainly will not be interested in,” he said matter-of-factly without looking up.
“You’re missing the point!” I said incredulously. “All that matters is that you enjoy it with someone special.”
I held my breath hoping that he wouldn’t freak out too much and as it turned out, his reaction wasn’t quite as drastic as I expected. He lay there for a moment, eyes looking me over as if to reassure himself that it was truly me, before letting go of my hand, sitting up and scooting over to the other side of the bed quickly.
Most people would be cowed by that tone of voice, but Moran just smiled, “Consider it your penance for escaping. Not only will I break you, but I will make him watch every second of it.”
I heard Sherlock talking to Mycroft and Lestrade about the operation but honestly, I don’t remember most of the details. It was something about how the team was in position when we arrived and had already registered the number of hostiles from heat signatures, allowing them to execute a flawless operation. They waited until Moran was in the middle of the room to ensure that all avenues of escape were cut off, before charging in and taking out Moran’s thugs.
The kettle finished boiling and I reluctantly left my vantage point to pour him his beverage. I brought the mug over to him, placed it on the coffee table and began to leave when Sherlock grabbed my sleeve. I looked at him, surprised.
Sherlock nodded, “I’ll go get dressed.”
Sherlock looked closed his eyes against the words PTSD and captive, but he nodded in acquiescence.
Sherlock began to shake from head toe, before bolting up from the chair. He stumbled out of the room, nearly colliding my Mycroft who had risen to his feet in alarm. The bathroom door banged open and the sound of retching could be heard in the silence of the flat.
“Uh,” I cleared my throat awkwardly, “um, thanks…”
Greg shook his head, “Nothing that can't wait for a bit.”
Sherlock was already in bed so I padded over to the other side and got under the covers. I stayed on my side and he stayed on his for the rest of the night.
I awoke next morning to find Sherlock curled around me like giant cat, his breath tickling my neck where his face was buried. I smiled and nuzzled against his temple, tracing patterns on his back idly until he woke up.
John H. Watson
He snaked his tongue out from between his lips and around the head of John’s cock. Instantly John’s hand fell to the bed of curls on top of Sherlock’s head.
Caught between the soft wet lips of his lovers, John began to thrust in and out of Clementine again.
As Clem walked through the building she stepped over heaps of trash, wet clothing, drug paraphernalia, and the occasional passed out body. At one point she came upon a young woman who looked to be about her age. Clem couldn’t tell if she was breathing. The urge overwhelmed her and she reached down to check on the young woman.
“John!”
“Sherlock, my boy. How long have you been here?”
Clem hadn’t been gone for long. Ten minutes at the most, she thought. There was no way they started doing anything in such a short period of time. But when she approached the room she quietly peered through a crack in the door anyway. Victor sat on his bed, hands fisted in Sherlock’s hair as her friend’s head bobbed up and down in Victor’s lap. It didn’t look like Vic was pushing or pulling his head. More like he was holding on for a ride. That’s when she heard a wet moan tremble from Sherlock’s chest.
Before they were torn apart by circumstances, when Clementine lived in fear and danger every day of her life, Sherlock would sometimes come over to find her curled in bed unwilling to play or talk.
“Do you remember the story of how Clementine came to live at Baker Street? After that incident I was not allowed to see her. My parents forbade it and Mycroft enforced it. I ran away several times trying to find her, but I had never heard of her Aunt Martha and I didn’t know where she had been sent. I was extremely angry and depressed. I ran away. Stayed with a friend who sold weed. One day he introduced me to a dealer friend of his that sold harder drugs. Long story short, heroin is my drug of choice.”
“A bit of weed isn’t ‘selling him drugs’ sweets. I’m not a fucking junkie like your mate. He chose to squat in drug dens. I’m not pimping him out for drugs or anything. He did that shit on his own.” Clem slapped Victor across the face. Victor looked sufficiently contrite.
Sebastian looked surprised, but smirked after realizing who he was talking to.
“What slap?” Sherlock turned sharply to John.
John nodded his head vigorously. The push and pull of her fingers and Sherlock’s lips had him right on the edge. It was too much, but not enough. Then all of a sudden her fingers stilled, deep inside him.
Then suddenly he was completely engulfed in the heat of Sherlock’s mouth. He looked down and saw those gorgeous lips stretched around his girth and groaned with satisfaction. Sherlock began bobbing on John’s cock and John met the movements of his head with small thrusts of his hips.
“John,” a sweet voice met his ears as soft hair fell around his face, tickling his cheek.
And with all that love and with all that life pulsing through him they had fallen into bed. They had taken each other into their mouths and it had been glorious. The heavy weight of John on his tongue. The soft firm heat of John’s mouth. Sherlock could feel his erection growing, pressing up against the thigh John had draped over his body.
Clem waved at the two men holding the teen and began walking off. Panic gripped Victor again as they began to drag him off.
John H. Watson
It was the rich and powerful, the ones featured in the society pages, who held the lower classes in bonds. They created misery, profiting off the hard labor and sweat of the working class who watched their children starve. As a doctor, John couldn’t stand to see human life treated with such disregard.
“Do you like that? It’s been a while. I wanted to do something special,” Clementine moaned.
“I’m allowed to have other friends Clem.”
“What?”
John’s mouth began to water and he could feel himself getting hard immediately. He palmed himself through his trousers as he shut the living room door and began walking to the kitchen.
Mycroft stood from the table, looking down briefly at a folder that rested there.
“Goodnight, John.”
Nothing changed for them outside the flat. They did not touch or kiss in front of other people. Even though they had never discussed this new aspect of their friendship, neither ever tried to show affection in public. It didn’t feel right to either of them. What they shared they shared for them and them alone.
“Well, um,” Sherlock began, his voice rough and a bit shaky. “That was, um…”
“Look at you, gorgeous bird.” He said undoing his trousers, letting them fall to the floor. His red y-fronts were tented by his throbbing hard-on. He gripped himself firmly, giving his shaft a few rough strokes.
“No.”
John, Sherlock, and Clementine very much enjoyed being together, but none were about to shirk their previous responsibilities and interests. They all still lived their own lives. So they carved out a little piece of it for each other. Every Wednesday and Saturday evening was theirs.
With that he walked past John and toward the exit. He didn’t even pause his stride when he called back, “Welcome back, Dr. Watson.”
He rubbed his hands across his face. Clem could see his eyes had gone red from fighting back tears.
John’s tongue snacked out across his bottom lip. He had to speak to him.
Mycroft’s jaw stiffened and his brows drew together.
“No. There was foul play. I’m sure of it.” He steepled his hands in front of his lips. “Have you looked into that student? That Morriarty kid? The one who
By mid-evening it seemed as though he had met or conversed with nearly everyone. His mind was spinning with names and ventures and business deals and pledges of support. Reminding himself that he had work to do and a story to write he looked around for a quiet corner to write down some of his thoughts.
Then suddenly the screen on Clementine’s phone went black.
Dejected John slouched against a cold brick wall. Running a ragged shaking hand down his face he groaned inwardly, his head sunk low. What had he been thinking? What would he have said to the man anyway?
“Sherlock look at us. Sherlock!” John cried out Sherlock’s name as a wave of pleasure washed over him.
Sherlock paled.
, John wondered. He wasn’t sure about all the proper fashion terms he was supposed to be reporting on. Her hair was raven black and gathered delicately on the top of her head in a crown of curls. Her lips painted bright red, a rather shocking accessory for a woman of her standing.
“While Clementine and I have no issue being intimate around and now apparently with each other we don’t become aroused by each other’s presence.” Sherlock supplied the explanation John had been looking for.
At those words Sherlock descended upon her, scooping her fragile frame into his arms and laying her back down on the bed. He tenderly wrapped his limbs around her, careful not to cause her pain. Quietly she wept and he stroked her hair.
The train pulled into the station and people started to shuffle around. He watched as another soldier hugged her children and he felt selfish. He had done this to them. He was here, alone, because he was a selfish bastard. Clem was dead because he was a coward. Sherlock hated him because of course he hated him. John slung his bag over his shoulder and walked toward the train.
Sherlock could feel himself getting hard at the fantasy. It had been quite a while since he allowed himself a release. Yet somehow, now that John was back and living at Baker Street, it seemed even more devious and inappropriate. He couldn’t do that to him. So he shoved the fantasy back into its room in his mind palace and continued on with nylon, PVC, rayon— the door swung open.
She was unbuttoning the flowery blouse that spilled over her luscious breasts and he surmised that she had propped her phone up in the coffee table that accompanied the couch.
John fixed him with a level glare and spoke in his most commanding doctor voice.
“This is mine. Do you understand? This tight gorgeous ass is mine. Don’t you ever tell me what I do and do not like ever again do you hear me?”
The look of hurt on Sherlock’s face, poorly concealed under his spiteful mask, pinched at John’s affections. He reached out and pulled Sherlock back to him.
“Which was it? Cuba or the Philippines?”
Dear Sherlock,
In the end it had taken two years. Throttled in the shower with a towel. He left the world the way he made her feel for years, naked and scared.
That was the one perk to being nothing more than a prop to her father. His concern for her presence did not reach beyond the simple need to show that he indeed had a daughter and she was the embodiment of sophistication and perfection.
“John. John. John!” Sherlock howled as he came, thrusting deep inside his lover.
Sherlock blushed at the show of affection and turned to Clementine who was leaning against the counter, chewing her toast and sipping her tea. She gave Sherlock a knowing look.
A few moments later she heard a huff of anger and footsteps retreating from the room. Clementine sighed in relief and relaxed into her chair. She was finally alone again.
“I am having dinner with John.” She seemed resolute.
John smirked to himself before kissing his way up Clementine’s thigh. A shiver ran up the woman’s body and she arched her back off the bed. Swiftly John buried his face into the apex of her thighs, placing a languid sucking kiss to the lips of her pussy.
She watched, detached as the movers and cleaners and appraisers checked off lists, moved boxes and furniture and art and appliances, and wiped down surfaces. Her whole life there had always been people there to do extraneous housework. They had a gardener and a housekeeper. The gardener clipped the hedges, watered the flowers and trimmed the lawn. The housekeeper scrubbed the tile, dealt with the dry cleaning, and dusted the light fixtures and the corners of the tall ceilings. Her mother did daily tasks—did. She hates that word.
And here she gave me a most intense look. I found myself getting even angrier, although I could not justify it.
"I have never heard a better description of you, Holmes."
By the time I reached Lower Camberwell, I still hadn't thought of any speech to give Mary. But as it turned out, I did not require one. The moment she saw my strained expression, she smiled sadly and caught me by the arm.
Holmes stood with a pointed elbow leant against the mantle, watching me keenly. I turned to the fire.
"And that's the extent of your disapproval?" I said.
— Dr John H. Watson, The Sign of the Four
"Will you come with me," he murmured, too low and holy to be a question, mouth still close to mine as if afraid that I might leave his lips forever. I smiled, heart lighter now.
"Then why should Mary — you don't mean to say she believed me to be — good Lord, man, why?"
"Good," said Holmes, and slumped back upon the sofa like a man exhausted.
“No,” said Holmes calmly, “Don’t try to comfort me, you’ve nothing you can say. No, Watson, perhaps it is for the best — you deserve the things a woman can give you. And if you’ve the patience for me after that, I will count my blessings. God knows I’ve survived on less all these years. Oh, Watson, I scarcely deserve a friend as good as you.”
I confess, however, that I have never been entirely comfortable with such fiction. Though I like to think I am not devoid of literary skills, I am first and foremost interested in presenting the miracles of truth, and it made me ill at ease to present such blatant lies next to the very real wonder of my friend's talent, so that the more suspicious man might not believe either. So I endeavoured to be as honest as possible, to confess my obligation to discretion as often as I could, and to provide accounts accurate in spirit, if not in detail.
He looked at me, surprised, and then smiled.
And with that, he touched my hair with an expression of profound affection.
"Oh, hush," said I, "You forget, I am a Doctor, and as such I am intimate with the dangers of sexual diseases. I never found the girls the other men went for to be worth the risk."
"He is not the only man of dual interests I have known," said Sherlock slowly, and I knew at that moment that he'd divined my reasons for asking, though I barely wished to own them myself. "There are clubs, Watson, doubtless you have heard of them, where men of similar tastes may gather, and within them I have seen every conceivable type of relationship a man might have with a woman, and quite a few unique to men. I have seen love and union stronger than the best marriages in England, and I have seen degeneracy and fornication of a most enthusiastic and disloyal kind. I have seen married men who love their wives succumbing to temptation, I have seen elaborate arrangements like the one I described, and I have once seen the most avowed Grecian fall head over heels for a woman and marry her at once. He, for one, looked at it quite spiritually; he pronounced himself satisfied with just a single soul to bond with, regardless of its corporeal shape, and believed that to be the God-given way of things. And they both agreed exactly which statues they would like in the garden."
If I stayed at his side, I would inevitably be tempted again. Even now, in the cold and unforgiving light of morning, my skin itched for his touch. It were as though some secret barrier had broken deep within me; now I had allowed myself to entertain the idea of Holmes and I in such a manner, I could barely think of anything else. I thought for one wild moment that it must be some perversion, more an illness of the mind than anything else, yet I imagined the face of my dear friend and could not bring myself to loathe it, not for a second.
"His name was James Cardwell," she began, "And he was the first friend I made upon coming to London, save for some distant but generous relatives who saw fit to take me in as governess, and so help me get established. He was a student and a man of limited means, but as noble a gentleman as you might ever meet, with a great generosity of spirit. He was introduced to me by the young nephew of my first employer — August Ramsey, a queer boy by all accounts, but sweet enough.
"Is that the treasure, then?" she asked, looking at my treasure-box with a wary eye.
Holmes slumped into his chair in a pile of long, thin limbs.
"You're raving, man," said I, though I knew of what he spoke. But I wouldn't hear it — not now, not when I had come so close to ruining all with Mary for his sake. He could not doubt us now.
"But I am incapable of ever giving you my full attention. And what if you were to meet a man who could? Who worshipped you as though you were his sun? I beg you, please do not settle for me when a better man might have you."
"Save my first," I admitted, and he let out a bark of laughter.
Forgive me, dear reader, for I am aware now that in my state of self-pity I thought only of myself, and in doing so failed to recognise the true value of the woman before me. In my defense, even if I had stopped to observe then what I later came to admire in her, I might still have thought it reasonable to terminate what small flirtation we had shared, for I had always known that I would not make as good a husband as I would like. I am not un-scarred by battle in body and in heart, in my habits I am undeniably a bachelor, and my acquaintance with Holmes had changed me even then. I had a reckless taste for following adventure, and with it the just punishment of dealing with the man who led me to it.
"I am a forgiving man, Holmes. Just tell me whatever it is that is making you behave this way."
"Simple things," said I. "Aside from my first sweet kisses with my childhood friend — after which her family moved to India — I have been with five women."
"Off to make an arrest?" I enquired.
"Yes," she said. "At least, from my perspective."
"Of course you would," he murmured, and I could not tell if he was mocking me.
Holmes did not respond. I looked at him; he was staring at the fire with an expression of intense gloom.
"It is as clear as day to me," said Holmes, "That men are never one thing or the other. A gentleman might be a murderer, an abusive husband might be kind to his animals, a pickpocket might be the bravest boy in London. We are all full of dualities and contradictions — even I, though I seek to live my life by logic. As Goethe says:
Lying beside him afterwards, with his sheets most irreparably tangled and a warm haze in the room from our exertions, mingling with the scent of tobacco from his cigarette, he looked at me with keen eyes and said:
"Watson, tell me —"
"If the only price to pay for such a husband is that I must share him with Mr Sherlock Holmes, I am more than prepared to accept it."
Holmes laughed. I smiled at him.
My breath caught quite suddenly in my throat, then escaped in a long, slow sigh of wonder. Was Holmes — did Holmes feel something —
"A case?" I said.
"Well?" I said after a moment.
"And the others?" I demanded.
"You must know better than I do," he said, "That it is a peculiarity of women that they rarely say what they mean. It is likely she is restraining herself, perhaps because she fears you have known each other for too short a time."
