Sherlock just huffed again and crossed his thin arms over his chest, and appeared to try and lean even further back into the wall his back was against. John likened him to a stroppy teenager who’d had his mobile privileges revoked.
John’s lips stretched into an enamoured and very pleased smile as Sherlock’s cheeks heated, and the doctor took the smallest of steps closer. “I thought we were saving this sort of talk for later,” he said, pitching his voice lower and into an almost-purr, reveling in the heat that visibly crept up Sherlock’s neck.
“I need a wash,” the doctor announced with a sigh, “and you need a shower; I’m not letting you fall asleep with blood in your hair.”
“Why?” Sherlock asked. “Get up, get your jacket.”
However, none of that meant that he couldn’t still appreciate her body. And she looked fantastic in her costume, even if it was a cheesy, stereotypical one.
who’d pulled up to the kerb, probably
“Fine,” Lestrade relinquished, and tossed John a blue smock, which the doctor reflexively caught and started pulling on. Though he did a double-take at Sherlock, who only grabbed a pair of gloves.
“Thank you,” Sherlock said quietly, before taking another drag. John smiled softly at the courteousness with which Sherlock was sure to aim the smoke in the opposite direction so as to not get in John’s face.
was your contact? Your scout? He’s a
“But there cannot be any more delays.” The voice continued, and John didn’t think he’d ever seen a smirk so full of dark satisfaction as the one he saw on Sherlock’s face. “We have managed to escape the New Scotland Yard up to now, but we must leave tonight.”
“I’ll fall asleep again soon,” John reassured; as he spoke, he could already feel sleep taking him. His eyes were open just enough to see Sherlock’s smile, radiant with open affection even in its smallness.
“Shut up.” The command holds no heat, and it sounds like John is smiling. The man’s fingers resume their idle tracing of random patterns over Sherlock’s shirt. “I’m glad that you’re clean. I’m proud of you.”
“Wait- is he
Subsequently, I've learned that:
“Ah, ah, and who’s this?” the woman - Sally - asked, looking John up and down before looking back at Sherlock. “Your boyfriend?” she asked, clearly teasing, and John looked in time to see Sherlock set his jaw.
Surprise mid-week update! Enjoy some excitement followed by crazy amounts of fluff.
Irene’s dress was as predictably extravagant as the woman herself; an off-the-shoulder thing with a plunging yet ornate neckline that left Sherlock wondering just how the
John, feeling the fool for not recognising the source of Sherlock’s distress sooner, turned and shuffled his feet to scoot his wheeled desk chair across the room to settle before the bed. “Hey,” he said quietly, one hand reaching out without hesitation to place on Sherlock’s leg. He could feel the man subtly trembling. “Do you want me to go and fetch some things from your flat for you? A laptop, a charger for your mobile, a book?” He realised belatedly that he should have offered far sooner.
Carlo having reminded him, that they had no time to lose, for that the enemy were within sight of the castle, hastened Sherlock from the room. He thought, he said, that Sherlock was to be carried into Tuscany.
Sherlock meets with Moriarty to discuss Mycroft's fate.
'I cannot doubt the truth of it,' replied the lady gravely, disgusted by the abrupt contradiction she had received, concerning her opinion of John Watson's merit. 'You will, perhaps, doubt it,' said Monsieur Mycroft, 'when I assure you, that it was only this morning that I rejected his suit.' This was said without any intention of imposing the meaning it conveyed, but simply from a habit of considering himself to be the most important person in every affair. 'Your reasons are indeed such as cannot be doubted,' replied the lady, with an ironical smile. 'Any more than the discernment of the Chevalier Watson,' added Douglas, who stood by the chair of Monsieur Mycroft, and had heard him assume for himself, as he thought, a distinction which had been paid to his younger brother. 'His discernment MAY be justly questioned, Signor,' said Monsieur Mycroft, who was not flattered by what she understood to be praise of Sherlock.
“Place in the finals for you if you do that tomorrow, Knight, lovely work!” Knight swung a hand up to wave at Lestrade, acknowledging the feedback.
“Hello,” he said, as if all the planets and stars are not orbiting him; “I don’t think I’ve actually said congratulations to you in person yet.”
Steepling his long fingers under his chin, Sherlock’s eyelids fluttered closed. “16.316.”
Sherlock, for the remainder of the late eventful night, had fallen into an exhausted sleep; when his mind recovered from the confusion of slumber, remembered, that he was now released from the addresses of Count Wilkes, his spirits were suddenly relieved from a part of the terrible anxiety, that had long oppressed them; that which remained, arose chiefly from a recollection of Wilkes's assertions, concerning the schemes of Moriarty. Wilkes had said, that plans of the latter, concerning Sherlock, were insearchable, yet that he knew them to be terrible. At the time he uttered this, Sherlock almost believed it to be designed for the purpose of prevailing with him to throw himself into the Count’s protection, and he still thought it might be chiefly so accounted for; but his assertions had left an impression on Sherlock’s mind, which a consideration of the character and former conduct of Moriarty did not contribute to do away with.
'If you are innocent, tell me quickly,' demanded Sherlock.
Or whistle from the lodge, or village cock
“Oh and what a fall… oh dear, looks a bit stunned there, really landed flat on his face…”
He was a descendant from the younger branch of an illustrious family, and it was designed, that the deficiency of his patrimonial wealth should be supplied either by a splendid alliance in marriage, or by success in the intrigues of public affairs. But Sieger Holmes had too nice a sense of honour to fulfil the latter hope, and too small a portion of ambition to sacrifice what he called happiness, to the attainment of wealth. After the death of his father he married a very amiable woman, his equal in birth, and not his superior in fortune. The late Monsieur Holmes's liberality, or extravagance, had so much involved his affairs, that his son found it necessary to dispose of a part of the family domain, and, some years after his marriage, he sold it to Monsieur Anderson, the brother of his wife, and retired to a small estate in Gascony, where conjugal felicity, and parental duties, divided his attention with the treasures of knowledge and the illuminations of genius.
Sarah made a face. “Not sure yet. Even if I can, it’s my right leg, I land most of my jumps on it…” she chewed her lower lip anxiously, “…well, it’ll be an absolute bitch, let’s just say.”
And really, rhythmic gymnastics
On Sherlock enquiring his meaning, 'Ah, Signor!' added he, 'it is not for me to betray secrets, or tell all I think, but time will tell.'
“Well, it’s £100k if you win, you know that don’t you?” Sarah looks at John, spluttering in suprise. “I thought for sure you were gunning for it with your little parallel bars ‘look at me, I have abs’ dance,” she continues. “No? Well, stay by the phone, and if you don’t want it, tell them to ring me.”
Molly, whose honest heart had been much affected by the recital, was now as eager to obey, as Sherlock was to employ her, and she immediately quitted the room.
“The Staniouta turn sequence was excellent,” said Sherlock, sounding warm and enthusiastic. “You did well on the pivot turns too.” John felt staggered. What was this new, friendly Sherlock? Mary seemed not at all worried, immediately engaging Sherlock in a conversation about switch turns. Or something. Vaguely nodding along, John let his eyes wander round the room.
'Come, come,' said Moriarty, 'other business brought me here. I must be trifled with no longer. I have immediate occasion for what I demand—those estates must be given up, without further contention; or I may find a way—'
I commissioned an
Sherlock is before him, back to John, grappling with a black-clad assailant. With a graceful pivot of his hips, Sherlock’s lower body swings out to the left, and John suddenly realizes that his view of the assailant’s legs are clear. He scuttles forward on hands and knees and careens headlong into the unknown man’s knees, bearing him down with an ‘oomph!’ to the ground.
In the next moment, a door opened, and a stranger appeared, who stopped on perceiving Sherlock, and then began to apologize for his intrusion. But Sherlock, at the sound of his voice, lost his irritation in a stronger emotion: its tones were familiar to his ear, and, though he could not readily distinguish through the dusk the features of the person who spoke, he felt a remembrance too strong to be distrusted.
“Moving into the strength elements now with the inverted cross… you know I don’t think that was held for the required two seconds before moving into this forward roll sequence and oh! Oh he’s off!”
“Just spit it out Mycroft, whatever it is you’re thinking. There’s enough drama here without you adding to it.”
Monsieur Mycroft and her party supped with Madame Petitbois in the saloon, and Sherlock, with difficulty, disguised his emotion, when he saw John placed at the same table with himself. The table, at which they sat, was very long, and, John being seated, with his partner, near the bottom, and Sherlock near the top, the distance between them may account for John’s not immediately perceiving Sherlock.  Sherlock avoided looking to that end of the table, but whenever his eyes happened to glance towards it, he observed John conversing with his beautiful companion, and the observation did not contribute to restore his peace, any more than the accounts he heard of the fortune and accomplishments of this same lady.
“You are amazing! You are fantastic!”
'You must go to the servants’ hall’ said Sherlock, ‘and see what you can hear regarding the Count’s intention of staying at the castle’.  'Yes, sir,' said Molly with readiness; 'but how am I to find the way, if I leave the lamp with you?'
, a moralising print series that tells the (rather apropos) story of young Tom, who abandons his preggers fiancee and gets into gambling, drinking and whoring before eventually being sent to debtors prison and then dying in the madhouse.  Vice doesn't pay! Here he is having just lost everything gambling.
“Yeah, right. I was thinking of going in tomorrow afternoon, watching the team qualifiers. Showing support for the Brits, you know.”
time that morning.
The drug that steals the vital spark away!
When he turned from the casement, his eyes glanced upon the door he had so carefully guarded, on the preceding night, and he now determined to examine whither it led; but, on advancing to remove the chairs, he perceived, that they were already moved a little way. His surprise cannot be easily imagined, when, in the next minute, he perceived that the door was fastened.  The door of the corridor was locked as he had left it, but this door, which could be secured only on the outside, must have been bolted, during the night. He became seriously uneasy at the thought of sleeping again in a chamber, thus liable to intrusion, so remote, too, as it was from the family and from the servants, and he determined to request a change.
John stretched to his left foot, Mike going to his right. “All in the past, yeah?” puffed John.
The image of a wicked, heinous fault
'I cannot suppose,' he resumed, 'that this young man would have taken the liberty of writing to me, if you had not encouraged him to do so, and I must now'—'You will allow me to remind you, brother,' said Sherlock, 'of some particulars of a conversation we had at Bakersfield. I then told you truly, that I had only not forbade Monsieur Watson from addressing my family.'
'Did you pursue it, that it fled?'
Sherlock sat down to the little table, that was spread for him and gestured Molly to sit also. While Molly ate, she told of the arrival of the men, whom Sherlock had observed on the ramparts, and expressed much surprise at their strange appearance, as well as at the manner, in which they had been attended by Moriarty's order. 'Do they dine with the Signor, then?' said Sherlock.
They now arrived at the village, and commenced their search for a cottage, that would afford a night's lodging. In several, which they entered, ignorance, poverty, and mirth seemed equally to prevail; and the owners eyed Sherlock and his father with a mixture of curiosity and timidity. Nothing like a bed could be found, and Sherlock observed the languor of his father's countenance, and privately lamented, that he had taken a road so ill provided with the comforts necessary for an invalid.  The young stranger seemed to divine Sherlock’s thoughts, for drawing him aside, he made an offer of his own bed. 'It is a decent one,' said he, 'when compared with what we have just seen, yet such as in other circumstances I should be ashamed to offer your father.'
Romania: Muntean, Andrei Vasile. Projected score: 15.44.
John looked over at Sherlock, tapping away on his laptop. Wait, no - “Didn’t I have a password on that?”
Considering the secrecy with which the marriage had been concluded, and the agitation with which it was announced, Sherlock attributed the privacy to the wish of Moriarty, rather than of his brother. His husband, however, intended, that the contrary should be believed, and therefore added, 'you see I wished to avoid a bustle; but now the ceremony is over I shall do so no longer; and I wish to announce to my servants that they must receive the Signor Moriarty for their master.' Sherlock, incredulous, could make no response. 'I shall now celebrate my marriage with some splendour,' continued Madame Moriarty, 'and to save time I shall avail myself of the preparation that has been made for yours, which will, of course, be delayed a little while. Such of your wedding clothes as are ready I shall expect you will appear in, to do honour to this festival. I also wish you to inform Monsieur Watson, that I have changed my name, and he will acquaint Madame Petitbois. In a few days I shall give a grand entertainment, at which I shall request their presence.'
‘Should we ever meet again!' Sherlock sighed; before hastily turning, for she heard footsteps approaching, and then the door of the pavilion open, and, on turning, she saw—John! An emotion of mingled pleasure, surprise and apprehension pressed so suddenly upon his heart as almost to overcome his spirits; the colour left his cheeks, then returned brighter than before, and he was for a moment unable to speak, or to rise from his chair.  It was difficult to tell which predominated—the joy of seeing John, or the anxiety of her brother’s displeasure, when he should hear of this meeting. After some short and embarrassed conversation, Sherlock led John into the gardens, and enquired if he had seen Monsieur Mycroft. 'No,' said he, 'I have not yet seen him, for they told me he was engaged, and as soon as I learned that you were in the gardens, I came hither.'
It was out of the question not to know. “Why have you got supplies for dental procedures in your room?” Sherlock asked, gingerly toeing the pile.
in including male RG in international competition (i.e. they want more medals), the FIG doesn't seem keen to do it - you can make up your own minds as to why, but to me, I think of the FIG discussing it very like
“Good,” says Sieger, pale eyes peering down at him. “I see you do.”
John tries to process this. “In exchange for what?”
'Assist us to escape,' said Mycroft. 'Where is Hopkins?'
“You do very well on your own, John,” said Sherlock, pinching a bit of smoked salmon from John’s plate.
“It sounds amazing,” said John sincerely. “I’d like to see it.”
When the moment of departure from the convent arrived, Sherlock was stoic; the abbott repeated many kind assurances of regard at their parting, and pressed him to return, if ever he should find his condition elsewhere unpleasant.
When his recovery was more complete, he raised himself and went, but with only a faint hope, to examine whether the door was unfastened. It was so, and he then stepped cautiously out into the gallery, but paused there, uncertain which way he should proceed. His first wish was to gather some information, as to his brother, and more broadly to the state of the fighting within the castle, and Sherlock, at length, turned his steps to go to the lesser hall, where Molly and the other servants usually waited.
'Enough of him,' said Sherlock; so Molly returned to a mention of the disagreement between Moriarty, and her master. 'It is nothing new,' said she: 'we saw and heard enough of this at Venice, though I never told you of it, sir.'
'Why, it is scarcely inhabited, for our lord the Marquis, and the lord of all these find woods, too, is dead. He had not once been in it, for these many years, and his people, who have the care of it, live in a cottage close by.' Sherlock now understood this to be the chateau, which La Voisin had formerly pointed out, as having belonged to the Marquis Lestrade, on the mention of which his father had appeared so much affected.
“No,” said Sherlock quietly, “it’s… fine.”
gives you an idea of how he would have looked:
, thought John.
While he mused, two sentinels walked up the rampart in earnest conversation, of which he caught a few words, and learned from these, that one of their comrades had fallen down senseless. Soon after, three other soldiers appeared slowly advancing from the bottom of the terrace, but he heard only a low voice, that came at intervals. As they drew near, he perceived this to be the voice of him, who walked in the middle, apparently supported by his comrades; and he again called to them, enquiring what had happened. At the sound of his voice, they stopped, and looked up, while he repeated her question, and was told, that Roberto, their fellow of the watch, had been seized with a fit, and that his cry, as he fell, had caused a false alarm.
'Count Wilkes,' said Moran, who had hitherto silently observed him, 'dare again to insult my friend, and I will plunge this sword in your body.'
Sherlock would have been astonished at the assertions of this eloquent speech, had not his mind been so overwhelmed by the sudden shock it had received, that he scarcely heard a word of what was latterly addressed to him. Whatever were Mycroft’s weaknesses, he might have avoided to accuse himself with those of compassion and tenderness to the feelings of others, and especially to those of Sherlock.
John sauntered over to the bed and settled opposite her, giving a squeeze to the small lump under the blankets that was Sarah’s toes and mouthing “hello” to their owner. He licked his lips and looked over at Molly “It’s right here… in…. my… pocket.”
As Sherlock drew near the great hall, the sounds he heard and the people met in the passages renewed his alarm. The latter, however, were peaceable, and did not interrupt him, though they looked earnestly at him, as he passed, and sometimes spoke. On crossing the hall towards the cedar room, where Moriarty usually sat, he perceived, on the pavement, fragments of swords, some tattered garments stained with blood, and almost expected to have seen among them a dead body; but from such a spectacle he was, at present, spared. As he approached the room, the sound of several voices issued from within, and a dread of appearing before many strangers, as well as of irritating Moriarty by such an intrusion, made him pause. The voices within were not in contention, though he distinguished those of several of the guests of the preceding day; when, as he turned from the door to search for a servant, it was suddenly opened by Moriarty himself.
Presently, it advanced along the rampart, towards his window, and Sherlock then distinguished something like a human form, but the silence, with which it moved, convinced him it was no sentinel. As it drew near, he hesitated whether to retire; a thrilling curiosity inclined him to stay, but a dread of he scarcely knew what warned him to withdraw.
to be my agent, it is an honour I did not solicit. I myself have constantly assured Count Wilkes, and you also, sir, that I never can accept these proposals, and I now repeat the declaration.'
“You…flirted with Sherlock Holmes?” John grits out, blindingly jealous.
conversation, John,” Sherlock replied. His expression conveyed both excitement and concentration; clearly, the gears were already turning in his head.
Sherlock hummed. "Mm, yes. They're dead."
John blinked and frowned. “But… that sounds, well.. trivial,” he commented.
Sherlock stared at the plant while John settled back into his chair. He opened his mouth to ask more questions, but John hushed him. Had it been anyone else, Sherlock would have been enraged and delivered some scathing remark but, for some unknown reason, he closed his mouth instead.
It was Sherlock’s turn to blink.
John placed his phone on the table to wait for an answer. He sipped his tea and felt a jolt of excitement when the device once again informed him that a new message had been received.
Sherlock seemed to disapprove of his reaction as he then scowled. “You have had multiple romantic relationships during your life and your experience in that area is far superior to mine. Surely you can give me a better answer than that.”
. Sherlock was also fascinated by the fact that there was something else in him, as well. Under the surface, something more than bright laughter and gentle smiles. An undercurrent of power.
* * *
He then proceeded to turn around and walk away from the scene, easily hailing down another cab.
Sherlock huffed. “Yes, of course, he’s not lying. There’s no way the victim was pushed that far from where he and the witness were standing. Now, we will meet you again at the station, Detective Inspector, there’s no point in wasting more time here.”
Only, there was not that much information on the page. Or any other page Sherlock brought up next. Only a few sentences in most cases, some references and name translations. Well. John had said he wasn't the most popular.
"I find you attractive."
"You must have the gift of observation," Sherlock said sarcastically, a smirk tugging at his lips. He kept his eyes on the paper.
"You've been alone for so long, barely hanging on to life," John murmured, looking straight at Sherlock.
"I was just paying you a compliment. I assure you, it's quite normal. You might have felt a little distracted as I said, but it's harmless, really."
On my way now. SH
"I… don't understand," he finally spat out and shook his head.
At that, Sherlock's eyes snapped up again. He cleared his throat and tried to appear nonchalant as he pushed his hands into his pockets.
The question, spoken in what sounded like a genuinely puzzled tone, made John look up from the book he was reading. He was used to most of Sherlock’s quirks by now and starting unexpected conversations involving odd topics was one of them. Still, the question had caught him off-guard.
* * *
Sherlock hummed. "Something important."
When Clara was done with her explanation, Sherlock posed her several questions and analysed her movements. He was surprisingly calm and quiet but John could tell he was assessing the woman’s testament.
Sherlock was fairly sure he had never been touched in such a way. There had been something otherworldly about the touch, something almost magical. It should have been laughable; it had been just a simple brush of fingers against skin. And yet, it wasn't.
"I... What are you?"
"Oh, shut up. It's not like this is normal for me."
John quirked up an eyebrow at the message. It wasn’t serious or demanding. It was almost… playful? He came up with a reply and hit send without worrying about it too much. It might have been risky but he was feeling brave.
With one more brief nod towards her, John hurried to follow.
He'd settled down to
“Imagine, John, that you were at a bus stop with a coworker, waiting for the next one to make your way home,” Sherlock began, turning his head to observe John’s face.
"It only works if the recipient is willing. I haven't… done anything to you." John's eyes flashed with something akin to guilt and his hand retreated from Sherlock's arm.
John groaned and grumbled, having no option but to stir at the insistent calling of his name.
John frowned and straightened his back a little. “Now hang on a minute–”
John nodded. “And answer some of our questions, if you don’t mind.”
"What are you doing?" John asked when Sherlock flopped down on the sofa in the corner of the living area, attention fixed on the computer.
When he returned to the living room, Sherlock had indeed pulled off his shirt and was sat with his back straight as a ramrod. John approached him with a reassuring smile, keeping his eyes firmly on Sherlock’s face, and then performed a regular check-up on him.
Against the smell of sickening iron
"And off... we...
Six years, so many memories
This is what triggers his high
"Is this a bloody game?!"
And you hate that you actually understand
Of course you recognise their sound
Watches you sternly as the daylight fade
"Sherlock, relax. No need to fight it."
He forced himself to keep breathing
I think this is my favourite part yet, because I got to write something which was off screen and use my imagination a bit. At the same time I hate that it is... Why do I do this to my baby?? It feels like a stab to the heart each time I read it!
He read the note over and over
The ambulance has already arrived
How could you not see the difference?
Mary gave you a case
Preparing to make his usual move
Now when I'm done, pleeeease comment your thoughts, give kudos and bookmark the story if you liked it!
The vehicle moves calmly on the roads
The next part will be up within a few days tops. Hours if we’re lucky.
Yes, he expects you to plea
Takes you away from all the anguish
Only stared blankly into space
All is silent, the stage is set
As the cocaine entered his stream
You have no energy for a struggle
You're so tired, just don't understand
While slowly feeling the taxi depart
Thank you!
To you it doesn't matter
To stop him before it all had begun
Does he think about what happened earlier?
After all, that's what you always do
Throws you violently against the hard steel
"Send an ambulance. Yes, from here to Barts."
Soon your mind becomes overtaken too
He breathes deeply and looks another way
He knew this, he had been here before
Not because of John's own will
"One, two,
Molly's words still rang loudly in his head
Why do they fasten the straps again?
The second with the same aim
He pushed the needle into the usual vein
At least he looks at you with care
You feel the spasms hurting badly
The killer sits in the visitors chair
Unmoving and completely relaxed
Who can survive someone burning your heart?
The famous man you've publicly accused
The dealer was in a hurry
Trembled while preparing the syringe again
Your body is lowered down
But for now you lose consciousness without worry
Have you been high for just too long?
One quickly followed by another
You have already died anyway
But the response is just...
He hesitates, doesn't know what to decide
(See the end of the chapter for
And you whisper softly as it happens
Is it only the exhaustion and ache?
The killer asks if you want one more breath
More and more of them on your eyes
This isn't right, it's still too early...
Oh, God! It's finally over! This fic has been putting the rest of my life on delay so I'm relieved that I'm done, even though a bit sad. This chapter is again more free and filled of my imagination. As it's the last chapter, which means that it needed to resolve some things, I also made it longer than the others. Again, thank you to you who have been reading the whole poem and I hope the last chapter lives up to your expectations. Let's do this...
The killer, he likes to watch it happen
Did he make them keep you restrained?
You keep your eyes closed and wait
On the roof when he begged you to live
John's focus fully changes to you
You manage to look below the stretcher's edge.
The stick he leaves by your bedside
But never been more reminded than now
His way of telling you his final farewell
Things can't be like they were before
Why do they stare at you and not at him?
It’s something about Sherlock’s drug addled inner monologue desperately begging John not to leave him, even after what just happened, which makes my heart clench every time I’ve been reading it when writing. I've been considering if it was too out of character but on the other hand, do I think he was scared? Well, obviously because I think he knew that he had overdone it, that he was losing control of the situation. I don’t think he believed that John could actually do what he did to him. Yes, in a way he had it coming, in a way it might even have been part of his plan but it still doesn’t take away the fact that it probably was the worst moment of his adult life.
Finally the whimpers have to escape you
It's the third which breaks your nose
Again, if you like it, please leave feedback. Thank you!
let the killer go free
Wrapped his black belt around the upper arm
All the things you've been through
Keep focusing on meeting the killer's stare
"Please, give him something for the pain."
Why should you even bother to stay awake?
Ambulance staff enter and get to work
see him again
That he had failed to keep his only vow
"Stop laughing... STOP LAUGHING AT ME!"
Oh, the last paragraph kills me... I realise that I'm writing him as "superneedy" but I don't know. If there’s one situation where he probably was, it’s this one. Yes, this was a shorter chapter but you get the idea.
You don't tremble because of pain
He waited for John to object
What does it all really mean?
Control... Control! Stay calm!
The killer is laughing amused
No, everything else hurts so much more
Why should John have forgiven you for your crime?
"A syringe, do you have one?"
The first hit brings you to the ground
Not even glancing back a single time
isn't coming?
The door closes and then he's gone
So yeah, that’s my thoughts on it. What’s yours and what did you think about this part?
That's what Mary begged him to do
Sanitation was of zero importance
Guiding you securely into dreamland
Paces restlessly while he talks
This time with
The stench of your own spilled blood
That what they're doing is more humane?
They push a sedative into your vein
She begged you to save your friend
Finally, I like that John isn't too comfortable with seeing Sherlock being treated as a psychotic madman (also maybe because he might be a bit unsure about who it really is that needs to be restrained?) and saves him without even knowing it. After all, he knows he isn't mad; just different and that’s what he has liked about him up until now.
He has said these words before
Until he had visualised every connotation and pronunciation
Explain how it all happened
His words fill the killer's place
The hatred, the loathing
The decision had already been made
The way it rocks you makes you tired
That you're dirt, worthless, a freak
The final time you start to whimper
The drug den was large
His chuckles echoes in your head
And for once you know that's actually true
Presses his fingers against your skin
The pain is tiring, can't help drifting off
And there it is! I'm done and the ending is bittersweet and so much Hurt/Comfort it can be. I'm crying over here, okay?! And yes, change "Thank you" to "I love you" if you want to. I'm aiming to write platonic super-close friendship but you can interpret it as you want. I would like also to hashtag this chapter #john'sbloodyguiltyconscience. Especially that part when he looks away because he sees that Sherlock is in pain and knows that he is the primary cause of it. My favourite part is the one with that "At least he looks at you with care". Yes, in general I'm very pleased with this ending. And again, I know I've written Sherlock as extremely needy but I thought it fitted the situation and after that has happened, he's trying to enjoy every moment with John because he doesn't know how long it will last.
Dress you in standard sterile clothing
Your body's desperate last fight
Even though you fear what it'll tell you
When he was sixteen years old
Screaming at the top of your lungs
Only by him placing his palm on your wrist
He goes on to check your pulse
When he slumped down onto the floor
Those scrubs in which humans await their doom
No betraying signs will be on your neck
They bring you to the elevators
Maybe they think it makes a difference?
." they steadily count
Please comment on what you think about the rhythm in the text so far and about the portrayal in general.
Finally it began to numb his senses
John turns around
The answer isn't given in any words
How did the scalpel get into your hand?
The killer is taken briskly away
Swiftly they lift you off the bed
You know what's coming next
You sit up with your last powers
That much you've already been shown
No, they won't take any risks with madmen
You are trapped in chaos
But the truth had been torturing as it was
The moment when they step into the light
"Where to then, mate?"
His face is the only thing you can see
What is happening, what is real?
John's voice echoed in the dealer's
Until he had memorised every part
It's too difficult to keep your eyes open
The reality of what he feared the most
So much colder than the floor
The medics gently push you back down
What can make a grown man cry like a child
Composure collapsed into torment
Because they secure you to the stretcher
Your eyelids are parting slowly
"What were you doing to him?!"
To a better time and a better place
I have a head canon which is related to what I wrote in the first part too, that Sherlock always talks to John, also in his head when he needs to solve a difficult problem or in general (which they have implied on the show a few times). The head canon is basically that when Sherlock really understood that John didn't want anything to do with him, when he beat him to a pulp, then even his inner dialogue silenced. John didn't talk to him in his head either. It was quiet, he knew he was alone and it made him completely terrified, especially in this situation when he was so messed up on drugs that it crushed his feelings. Also, which I hope was clear, he doesn't show any signs on the outside of his panic (because he's still that good) but he understands how people break down from a situation like this, being unable to move and not knowing what to do, how adults can scream and cry like children.
For a moment only silence exist
Now when he knows what you've been through
Back to the beginning
They don't understand, you have to see!
Does he know you always faced them together?
Now when you've done what was required
There's no more time left to flee
If this is the last time you'll ever see him
In the end you just have to surrender
You raise your head so slowly
He sits quiet for a long time
What if you can't move when he comes?
John Watson seizes your coat
The oxygen is out way too quickly
He'll do it until you break
In any way regret that he left you behind?
"Lay down, Mr Holmes. It'll be fine."
But then you see him step into the ambulance
Just sleep until you have to face your fate
What if it has just been too many lies?
"Just remove them, will you please?"
"What are you doing?! Wake up!"
And when your grip loosens he holds on
But the steps are uneven
John says nothing in reply
He walks away and leaves
Well, what's left if you restart?
Strap you to the metal bars by your hands and feet
You turn your lower arm upwards
Even when he actually wasn't there with you?
What if you could just rewrite one moment?
The daughter, she looks different
Up and into a large patient room
You're trying to find a solution
Behind the mask rises the panic
Does John see the pain in your features?
(See the end of the chapter for
There isn't going to be a wait
He hit his head with considerable force
Because you hear John's voice again
John clears his throat
And your relief is almost impossible to hide
His gaze is different now than before
At least your mind gave you a proper goodbye
Heroin addict with abstinence problems
And for a second time he leaves you
How can you ever forget them?
When you needed saving too?
He holds his phone to his ear
Maybe you should stay there?
Maybe it was a good way to die?
Taking his usual seat by your side
His hands cover your mouth and nose
You quickly shut your eyes
Experienced, without a single leak
There's just no reason for him to dwell
Places the chair far away from your side
Economic ones too, way too simple to deduce
The killer is going to be so entertained
"No, I don't want to die..."
You've crossed a line he can't allow
John sees how you're persisting
No one knows and
Until it all felt like a bad dream
How did you do that?
This part is freer from the original storyline and tries to fill the gap between the morgue and the scene after. I've written my thoughts on the whole thing in the next author's note. Just want to say that if you don't want to read that, skip it because it ended up quite long. Let's have our daily dose of angst then!
To send you irrevocably towards your death
The hands are pulled off your face
It's over, he no longer believes
It makes you as irrational as the first time
Pulled up the white shirt sleeve
In your head it screams loud and wild
John is there to secure your head
Make your fingers grasp around his hand
Is the anguish in your voice really just fake?
At least he doesn't like what he sees
Repeated the words over and over
“I was thinking of someone else, actually.”
Sherlock focused on John again, seeing the discomfort on his face. He cleared his throat. "So, er, information appears to be… scarce. But that's alright. We'll work with the facts. I can see you, and you have shown me things that I am unable to explain without considering that something… hm, supernatural is at play here."
Sherlock turned his head to finally look up at John, interrupting him. "It's not a book. It's called a computer. So, you know what books are. When was the last time you… appeared? In this world." He added the last part as an afterthought, the words making him want to scoff and roll his eyes even as he said them. It was so ridiculous.
He was interrupted by John's smile once again faltering, his eyes going wide and some more of the language Sherlock did not speak rolling off his tongue. Even though Sherlock did not know the meaning, he knew what John had said was some sort of curse, an expression of shock.
John shifted in his seat and considered the question.
As soon as the car stopped, Sherlock gracefully jumped out and John hurried to pay the driver and follow. Sometimes John voiced his annoyance about the matter but, truthfully, he was used to their routine. When Sherlock’s mind was focused on a case, he couldn’t be bothered with anything he considered irrelevant.
"I have many gifts."
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. Why not? He was immediately irritated that he couldn't tell for sure. Well, not besides the
And then, in a heartbeat, he was back in the forest, John's hand in his as he stood panting and gasping for air.
“Yes,” Sherlock replied with a nod. His expression had changed into one that John definitely recognized. It was the look he used when he thought John was being deliberately obtuse.
He heard a soft rustle to his right, took one look, and rolled his eyes with a sigh. "Go away," Sherlock said and continued his determined walk along the barely visible path through the woods.
Το στολή σου είναι παράξενο = Your outfit is strange
John muttered a curse and then rubbed his eyes. “Fine… What was the question again?”
A hand was placed on Sherlock's arm.
“What…? You mean.. Haddaway?” he breathed and yawned.
Sherlock chuckled and nodded. “Ah, yes. Boring accidents,” he said and waved a hand dismissively.
“Lestrade. Finally. Give me something good.”
John pursed his lips and hummed, nodding. He looked curious, running his eyes over Sherlock's face as if trying to determine whether he was telling the truth.
The cottage was small and anything but modern, and a light layer of dust covered everything Sherlock hadn't touched or otherwise disturbed during his stay. That didn't bother him – Sherlock had never particularly cared for tidiness or organisation outside his mind or scientific endeavours. In fact, since he'd arrived, Sherlock had made himself at home by leaving his things lying around, only adding to the clutter of the already tight space.
Although… Sherlock hadn’t simply handed it over, he had more or less tucked John in. That was a strange thought. Strange but good. Good in a strange way. Or something.
Suddenly, he had no more interest in talking about his past cases. He leaned forward and fixed his eyes on John, observing him intensely.
John had been convinced Sherlock’s questions had to do with an experiment of some kind but the text messages had been strange. Their little chat hadn’t seemed like an attempt to gather scientific data at all, it had been more personal. Sherlock had even said something about
Sherlock quirked up an eyebrow but remained silent.
“What is love?”
At the question, John let the notebook fall back onto the backpack. He turned to Sherlock and held out a hand. Sherlock looked at it warily, confused as to what John was getting at.
"You don't have to suffer anymore. You're going to be exceptional, you already are. How do I know? I see it, I see it in everything. The good, the valuable. Let me bring it out again, alright?"
Sherlock was intrigued. That made John sound like some sort of siren. He wondered if John had already used this influence over him.
Sherlock's words made John turn his head. He blinked calmly and didn't seem to quite know what Sherlock was getting at.
"It's not like that."
He conjured up his list to briefly review it and then stepped off the path, heading east. He knew precisely where he was going and so, a while later, he arrived at a clearing. It was a place he'd visited only once before during his stay but had firmly memorised.
Then, Sherlock shook himself out of the odd little trance John seemed to have the power to impose on him and began unpacking his bag. He took out the sample jar and his notebook, taking a seat at the dining table to continue writing down his observations.
"You said you wanted my help," Sherlock replied. He kept his eyes firmly on John's face.
A short moment passed and then suddenly John was being tucked in under his duvet again.
John wondered where Sherlock’s question had come from in the first place. He wasn’t usually interested in things he found sentimental and thus irrelevant to him. Why was he then asking John about the sensation of being in love? It had to be related to an experiment or a case, John decided.
Taking a case from a non-human was certainly a first for Sherlock. But he supposed he should be pleased with himself, considering that John had come to him of all people to get help. He had to admit it was a boost for his ego.
"Greek," John replied as if it should have been obvious.
John heaved a sigh and let himself fall back on the bed, longing to just let himself drift off again. Sherlock, however, seemed determined to stop that from happening. In seconds, he had grabbed John’s lovely, warm duvet and yanked it away from him. “I need you to answer me, John.”
"What do you mean?" Sherlock frowned.
Sherlock stared.
Sherlock tilted his head to the side, confused. Then the realisation struck him. "That's your name?"
the 21
He crossed the patchy overgrown grass and carefully avoided a nest of mining bees.
John gave Greg an apologetic look and shrugged his shoulders a little. Sherlock did have a point. Greg sighed but let them into the room, muttering something about his job being the bane of his existence.
Sherlock visibly swallowed and shook his head. “No… It’s not like that,” he murmured.
The man was dressed in what looked like a costume but, Sherlock realised, wasn't. It suited him too well; he looked too comfortable in it. As if he were wearing a regular pair of jeans and a shirt instead of… a chiton.
"As I told you.. My name is John. To you," he said after a moment, clasping his hands behind his back. "But I am no man."
“You, er, said you weren’t feeling so good. Is it your chest again?”
“How does it feel to be in love?”
He had to wait much longer for Sherlock’s next message and so when it finally arrived, he had finished his sandwich and made himself tea.
Sherlock's expression was incredulous. He wanted to laugh in John's face, tell him it was all a bunch of nonsense and useless clutter for his fine-tuned brain, but something stopped him. Perhaps it was the genuine distress in John's voice or the way he was once again gazing at Sherlock like a parched man at a glass of water.
Sherlock made a loud sound of impatience but then quieted down and softly asked: “What is love?”
In truth, it made him think of the recent text conversation he’d had with Sherlock. It had been odd; something completely unexpected. John had been sure something would change that day. But then they’d fallen silent and the messages hadn’t been brought up again. But it had been flirting, hadn’t it? John tried to force himself to be completely focused on Clara and the questioning. He schooled his face to avoid looking like a fool.
“Yeah. It’s, well, kind of an abstract concept,” John replied with a nod, eyes still on his plate.
There were other animals as well, of course, and for some reason they did not fear him. That baffled Sherlock. He'd made no effort to appear harmless or approachable, save for leaving the creatures be.
After rinsing out his teacup, John went to the bathroom and brushed his teeth, enjoying the calm atmosphere of the flat.
"I read about you. Your kind."
* * *
Why did he always have to watch you like he was trying to see straight into your soul?
John withdrew his hand. "I did not know books have become like this," he said, amazement in his voice. "It is multiple books in one, isn't it? But
“What makes you think that?” John asked. He could no longer hold back his amusement.
John’s irritation subsided and was replaced by confusion. He blinked, trying to get the sleep out of his eyes in order to actually see something but unfortunately the room was too dark. He then tried to process Sherlock’s question but only one thing came to his mind at that bleary moment.
“Regardless, she’s not the murderer, and she knows absolutely nothing worthwhile.” Sherlock rolled his eyes and shook his head before going back to looking out of the window.
“Doesn’t that happen all the time?”
He was so concentrated on his writing that his brain hardly registered the first sound of branches cracking behind him. The damned fox, he thought, not moving.
"This is… a very strange book," John said, suddenly very close to Sherlock's ear. Sherlock froze. He was certain he could feel John's breath on his skin now.
John's eyebrows lifted and he hummed thoughtfully. He couldn't fault Sherlock for the suit. It was
He was, however, interrupted once again.
Questions for me. Have you got any? SH
“Oh,” John replied and felt stupid for only managing to produce such a useless comment. He scratched the back of his neck and looked at Sherlock warily as if scared the man might suddenly burst into flames or something.
John reached out his hands and placed the tips of his fingers into the dried soil on either side of the small plant. Then he began to talk.
A smirk tugged at his lips. "So… you must be very good for me to pick up on your potential and be dragged all the way here."
Smirking, Sherlock walked forward. Perhaps the day wasn't doomed after all.
"Well, that's a bit of an exaggeration and really not all that correct—"
Sherlock frowned. "What? No, of course not-"
“I’ll tell you.”
* * *
“We’re not police,” he said and offered her a compassionate smile, taking in the signs of her nervousness. “This is Sherlock Holmes, the consulting detective.” He pointed to his companion.
Like Sherlock's horror, John's concern and remorse had faded. He saw that Sherlock was unharmed and his mouth quirked up again, his eyes knowing.
Eventually, Sherlock got bored. History books didn't seem to have any real answers for him. John, in his current state, was not a myth. He was flesh and blood, as far as Sherlock could tell, and right there, in his cottage. This was not a matter that could be dealt with by passively reading.
“No. No doctors. Other than you,” Sherlock protested and quickly shook his head, a faint blush spreading across his cheeks.
“I expected better from you, John. Once again you clearly see but you do not observe.”
Sherlock swallowed and turned to pick up his backpack, muttering something under his breath. He felt the tell-tale heat of a blush on his cheeks and silently cursed his unreliable transport. It would not do to become flustered every time John gave him some sort of compliment.
Greg and John both opened their mouths but were interrupted by Sherlock before they could respond.
Had he been enchanted just like the plant? Bewitched? Maybe it was more of a curse. Sherlock breathed more heavily.
The next message arrived shortly.
Sherlock lifted his hands and ruffled his already unruly curls in exasperation. He needed things to make sense. He needed confirmation that this wasn't all just his mind playing tricks on him.
Sherlock looked unconvinced.
"Well… there are certain things I can do," he said, making Sherlock sigh and roll his eyes.
“And I’m John,” he held out a hand and she shook it, looking confused.
Last night, you informed me that one should answer another person’s philosophical questions during an inconvenient time in the case that one is willing to demonstrate affection towards this individual. SH
“Get your coat, John. We have a case.”
John turned to look at Sherlock, glancing him over.
“John… I think I might be ill,” he said.
Sherlock closed his laptop and looked over at where John was sitting by a window, gazing outside. He appeared completely absorbed in his thoughts. Outside, the sun had risen high in the sky and tree-leaves were gently fluttering in the warm summer wind.
Sherlock laughed softly at that as well, visibly relaxing. “She’s not the murderer, John,” he said again but his tone was far less icy this time. He seemed to hesitate before continuing.
He closed his eyes and drew in a breath, bringing his hands back to his lap only a second or two later. Sherlock forced himself to move his eyes down to the plant and gasped softly.
"What am I supposed to see? Saying that it is 'to my liking' does not make any—" Sherlock stopped and gasped softly. "Oh."
"What are you doing?"
John closed his eyes for a moment and looked like he was thinking hard. "Yeah," he finally said, nodding. "There were books. And
"Look, the place I showed you, it's important. It's why I need help," John began. "You're not the only one who doesn't believe in us– I mean, anything."
"Sherlock, I'm the god of flattery. The form you see... well."
Sherlock felt dumbfounded. He had surprised himself with his strong reaction to John's reckless action. But there was nothing he could do. The plant
“John, come along!”
John made a humming sound and placed his palm against Sherlock’s forehead. “I don’t think you have a fever… Is it nausea?” he inquired further.
John drew in a breath and then gave up on waiting for a response. “Good night,” he said quietly before heading to his bedroom upstairs.
Licking his lips, Sherlock lowered his notebook and stood. He turned around slowly, unsure why he felt so nervous despite the fact no actual danger had yet presented itself.
Sherlock huffed. "You don't know who you are?"
He then stepped forward and did something that left Sherlock speechless. John lifted his hand and traced the tips of his fingers along Sherlock's jaw to his chin and then let his hand hover close to Sherlock's skin for a moment before returning it to his side.
.  This would be news in a western country, let alone in China where this is still taboo and tampons are widely (and incorrectly) believed that they can rob a woman of her virginity (according to the linked article).  Fu Yuanhui, you're a fucken' legend!
“Jeez, Sherlock! That’s a bit harsh, isn’t it?”
Thus John he was set down in the midst of Paris, in the pride of youth, with an open, unsuspicious temper and ardent affections, without one friend, to warn him of the dangers, to which he was exposed. Sherlock, who, had he been present, would have saved him from these evils by awakening his heart, and engaging him in worthy pursuits, now only increased his danger;—it was to lose the grief, which his remembrance occasioned, that John first sought amusement; and for this end he pursued it, till habit made it an object of abstract interest.
But Count Wilkes did not long confine himself to silent assiduities; Sebastian declared his passion to Sherlock, and made proposals to Moriarty, who encouraged, though Sherlock rejected, him: with Moriarty for his friend, and an abundance of vanity to delude him, he did not despair of success. Sherlock was astonished and highly disgusted at this perseverance, after he had explained his sentiments with a frankness that would not allow the Count to misunderstand them, especially when they were accompanied by some rather mortifying deductions.
“Christ!” says John, fumbling the second club. “Weighs a ton!”
“And you are?...” asked, addressing John for the first time.
'This is an instance of your caprice,' said Moriarty, 'which I ought to have foreseen. Count Wilkes, whose suit you obstinately rejected, so long as it was countenanced by me, you favour, it seems, since you find I have dismissed him.'
Lost in this melancholy reverie, Sherlock was at length roused by Moriarty, and he followed to the cabin, where refreshments were spread, and his brother was seated alone. The countenance of Mycroft was inflamed with resentment, that appeared to be the consequence of some conversation he had held with his husband, who regarded Mycroft with a kind of sullen disdain, and both preserved, for some time, a haughty silence. Moriarty then spoke to Sherlock of Mons. Anderson: 'You will not, I hope, persist in disclaiming your knowledge of the subject of my letter to him?'
John stares speechlessly at the ticketing official, who after having denied them entry, has now requested a selfie. Very apologetically denied, what with the qualifications being underway at that very moment and all; so that they cannot possibly enter until there is a scheduled break, which unfortunately will be after the fourth and final rotation.
“Good news for Moran there, we see him chatting to Watson there, just a waiting game for the Irishman now. It’s amazing how going early as Moran did and giving such a confident performance, can really set the tone of the competition.”
'I cannot endure the thought,' said Monsieur Mycroft.
'You mistake me, sir,' said Sherlock. 'Allow me to decide by my own choice. I shall remain under the protection of Signor Moriarty.'
Michael proceeded with reluctance, and the extreme slowness of his pace made Holmes look again from the window to hasten him, when again he saw the same figure. He was somewhat startled: probably the gloominess of the spot made him more liable to alarm than usual; however this might be, he now stopped Michael, and bade him call to the person in the avenue.
A track of blood appeared along the corridor, leading to it; and on the spot, where the Count and Moriarty had fought, the whole floor was stained. When he reached the apartment, he instantly determined, since the door of the stair-case had been left open, and that Molly was now with him, to explore whither it led,—a circumstance now materially connected with his own safety. Molly accordingly, half curious and half afraid, proposed to descend the stairs; but, on approaching the door, they perceived, that it was already fastened without, and their care was then directed to the securing it on the inside also, by placing against it as much of the heavy furniture of the room, as they could lift. Molly then retired to bed, and Sherlock continued on a chair by the hearth, where some feeble embers remained.
The Team GB building in the Olympic Village really does have
Monsieur Mycroft’s sufferings, at length, rose above his pride, and he poured forth all his complaints to his brother.
Eeek!!!! Whatever will happen next??
“Mmf. Good,” mumbles Mike, snatching up two more and shovelling them into his face. John grins, Mike’s happiness shining out of his every pore. One hand rests possessively on the silver medal round his neck, even as the other nicks more canapes.
John looked at Lestrade’s grey hair, his face calm and open as he brushed the leftover gunk from the American’s routine off the bars. John opened the jar of Boscombe Valley honey and sniffed at it. Deep, rich and fruity; as ever. Sussex’s finest. John used two fingers to scoop out some of the golden liquid and smeared it onto his hand, sprinkling some chalk over the top to make a sticky slurry. Spreading it over his palms, he walked up to the springboard, ready to mount.
'This light, sir,' said the soldier, 'has appeared to-night as you see it, on the point of my lance, ever since I have been on watch; but what it means I cannot tell.'
‘Good God!' Sherlock, suddenly clasping at his head—'surely it was nothing more than a dream!'
“Your hair, dear,” his mother replies absently. “And your shirt last night, of course.”
After giving his son a familiar lecture on the opportune times to give well-meaning advice, Holmes was silent till he reached the chateau, where his wife had retired to her chamber. The languor and dejection, that had lately oppressed her, now returned with increased effect. On the following day, symptoms of fever appeared, and Holmes, having sent for medical advice, learned, that her disorder was a fever of the same nature as that, from which he had lately recovered. She had, indeed, taken the infection, during her attendance upon him, and, her constitution being too weak to throw out the disease immediately, it had lurked in her veins, and occasioned the heavy languor of which she had complained. Holmes, whose anxiety for his wife overcame every other consideration, detained the physician in his house. He remembered the feelings and the reflections that had called a momentary gloom upon his mind, on the day when he had last visited the fishing-house, in company with Madame Holmes, and he now admitted a presentiment, that this illness would be a fatal one. But he effectually concealed this from her, and from his son. The physician, when asked by Holmes for his opinion of the disorder, replied, that the event of it depended upon circumstances which he could not ascertain. Madame Holmes seemed to have formed a more decided one; but her eyes only gave hints of this. She frequently fixed them upon her anxious friends with an expression of pity, and of tenderness, as if she anticipated the sorrow that awaited them.
“It helps me to think.” Sherlock seemed much more confident now; like he’d regained his bearings. “I solved a case last month in six hours when it normally would have taken me two days.”
“Jesus Christ- fine. Fine. I’ll-” the DI stopped speaking abruptly as he became aware of John’s presence. After a moment where he appeared to be placing where exactly he knew John from, he perked up. “Dr. Watson!”
All of that changed in an instant when a shrill noise emitted from Sherlock’s hands.
“I think I might do the same,” John murmured as he pulled off his jumper, leaving him in his tee-shirt, which thankfully managed to escape the blood that had reached the rest of his clothes.
“I love you.”
“And at worst?” John challenged, a smirk on his lips and a gleam in his lapis eyes.
Fuck,” Greg cursed as he pulled a set of handcuffs from his belt and moved to kick John’s gun far away from the body on the floor, before standing with his feet on either side of Pavel’s thighs, gathering his limp hands behind his back and clamping the metal of the handcuffs snugly around his thick wrists.
Alright, enough sap. Hope you liked it, and stay tuned for an update next Saturday (or sooner, if I'm feeling motivated. :) ) <3
“Who bit who?” John asked, looking off at the staircase with a grin, catching a glimpse of the three girls travelling up it.
The man was interesting in a way very few things were.
With costumes and alcohol and people he didn’t know.
The detective let out a huff of annoyance.
Shaking his head with a soft chuckle, he turned to go through the glass-paneled door to the bathroom where he quickly relieved himself. As he moved to wash his hands, he caught sight of a toothbrush still in its wrappings, fresh from the shops. He blinked; had Sherlock gone out and bought it for him? There was another toothbrush resting beside it that looked used, so John felt he had no other option than to assume it was indeed meant for him. So, after drying his hands, he unpackaged the toothbrush and uncapped the nearby toothpaste to make quick work of brushing his teeth
John was endlessly thankful for the chill in the air, because it meant he could blame the flush in his cheeks on the cold. He took a moment away from his musings however to focus his efforts into hailing a cab now that he’d reached the main road, which, thankfully, didn’t take terribly long. It seemed to John, as he entered the back seat of the taxi that pulled up to the kerb with a huff of exertion, the rain which had scared most sane people inside the day prior had kept them inside.
Whew.
, you’re visiting murder scenes and solving crimes together, and now you’re having
“Hey, it’s fine, I’m not judging,” Lestrade went on. “Expected it weeks ago. Sherlock kept denying it but he never shut up about you-”
The doctor peered at his watch to find that, despite his best efforts, he’d still managed to arrive just over five minutes early. He nearly grew defensive, before coming to a realisation and looking up with a teasing grin. “You’re one to talk, you’ve arrived sooner than I have,” he rejoined, to which Sherlock nodded in assent.
“I mean-" he huffed "-arousal is the last thing I’d think of, seeing as we’re in a fucking break room at New Scotland Yard,” the man mumbled, and Sherlock couldn’t help but snort in amusement.
“Our location,” the brunette explained. “East Red #2 from left. Blue ladder,” he read, and then hummed in satisfaction as he stuffed the note back into his pocket. “Young Billy has outdone himself.” His pride was evident in his tone and in his smile.
Mary smiled. “Lead the way.”
“You git,” he teased as he turned around to rinse the suds off of his back, combing his fingers through his hair one final time to be sure he’d rinsed out all of the conditioner. “See you when you get out?” he asked, and Sherlock nodded with a smile.
Irene decided they needed to
“Of course.”
Update next Saturday!
(See the end of the chapter for
“Ah, so this is a matter of some sort of… substance usage,” John surmised, strategically avoiding the term ‘abuse’.
Matvei held Sherlock still, his hand remaining fisted in Sherlock’s hair, maintaining the upper hand despite the fact that Sherlock was almost at least half a head taller than him, while Pavel opened and thumbed through the phone. “Who is this? Lestrade?” he asked, his accent making the DI’s name barely recognisable.
“Who the hell are you?” John asked, and his voice sounded small even to his own ears. “And how the hell do you know that?”
“Her left hand,” Sherlock said, gesturing with another nod, “there’s a significant tan line on her ring finger, and the slight indentation from the ring has yet to disappear. She’s recently taken it off. It’s becoming more common practise for women to cut their hair after ending a long-term relationship, which she clearly has done; there’s a longer black hair, more than likely hers, caught in the zipper of her bag, and the haircut is obviously fresh, as is evident from the closeness and consistency of the shaved portion of her head.”
Rosie lets out a tremulous breath that puffs softly against his neck, and he holds her close as he purses his lips in thought.
And the day after that.
The long-awaited chapter is here! This isn't the finale; there will be at least one if not two chapters after this. I'll release that information on Twitter (@bi_an83) and Tumblr (minding-my-own-bismuth) in the coming days. I anticipate an update next week, probably mid-week, but I won't make any promises, since last time I thought I was going to update soon I ended up being out of commission for like six months.
He looked up at Lestrade, who’d pursed his lips and nodded. “I’m not going to pretend to know half of what you said,” he said, and John huffed a soft laugh that died in his throat when he looked at Sherlock to find the man grinning at him in the most dazzling way that nearly made John’s heart skip in his chest.
get a flight, they’re long-gone."
Doctor John H. Watson: Ex-army doctor, former soldier, and surgeon-turned-therapist.
“That doesn’t sound like a complaint,” Sherlock says with a smirk.
“Mm, right,” John murmured, the hint of a smirk emerging as he gingerly ran a clean patch of the fabric over Sherlock’s top lip. “Well, if you can drop two-hundred quid on a
Thankfully, the further they seemed to go in the house, the less intense the music was. That was the only good thing Sherlock could say about the whole experience. He was dangerously close to pulling his mobile out of his pocket to glance at the time to determine just how much more of this he would have to suffer, when a familiar voice called out to him.
“So. You’re still seeing each other?” he asked, clearly without thinking, and his eyes widened fractionally. “I mean in therapy. Is he still your patient. That’s what I meant,” he amended.
“I can’t just
object back in the back of the drawer, and quickly tossed the pants he’d collected onto the bed to join the socks and laptop.
your brain. Drugs don’t make you
“I didn’t say anything,” Lestrade said with mock-innocence.
“Aren’t you going to put one on?” John punctuated the inquiry with the sharp zip of the front of his full-body suit.
“Cocaine. Occasionally heroin. Usually administered intravenously.” His responses, remarkably candid, were obtained without any goading from the doctor.
“You’re taking up the entire bed. And you’re not even under the coverlet,” Sherlock said, his voice heavily laced with fondness.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Helping me with my case. And helping make a point as a side-note.”
It was the lad who had been in the loo; and he did not look the least bit pleased.
John gives a small smile. “Well, you both make my life hell,” he says lightheartedly.
“Fine,” John said. Which he thought was perfectly fine to say.
“Nice to meet you, too,” Irene said, and Sherlock smiled amicably and nodded once in agreement.
The morning had been pleasant. After they’d reached the agreement that Sherlock would be staying at John’s flat for the duration of his detox in an effort to get him clean in a safe manner while still keeping Sherlock relatively comfortable and
reason for that rope to have been there - it’s also a new rope, you can tell by the quality. So he would have had to have gone out and bought it specifically for this, because his belt certainly wasn’t going to support his weight. So, who plans a holiday, packs their luggage, takes it to their car, and then goes and buys a rope thick enough for the job, and then hangs himself in his office?”
“Honestly, I want to say we could have helped him,” Lestrade cut in from the front seat.
“Are they looking at flight records and security feeds?” Sherlock asked, eyes turning to look out the window out of habit, watching the world blur by.
“Sherlock? The hell are you doing here?” Lestrade demanded with a heavy frown. “I didn’t call you.”
Update coming next Saturday, for real this time.
“I certainly hope you’re not seeing those therapists any longer, and if you are, fire them,” the man continued, voice a bit softer now. “Because they’ve got it the wrong way round. You’re under stress this very moment, and your hand is perfectly steady.” His haunting smile widened into something that almost made John sick. “You’re not haunted by the war, Dr. Watson. You
Thank you endlessly for clicking your way here, for reading, for leaving kudos, for sharing your thoughts - anything and everything is appreciated. You all are the reason I'm here. So THANK YOU. You all are what I'm thankful for this Thanksgiving. <3
Affecting a sour face at the shortening of his name, Sherlock huffed. “I’m not deigning that with a response,” he muttered haughtily, “because any refutation on my part would discredit John, and I believe he deserves far more credit for this than I do.” The look he gave John still held an air of indifference, but the doctor saw the softness behind the visage, and his heart melted as his lips formed an adoring smile.
All he knows is that he is roused from his slumber by the feeling of the mattress dipping beside him.
“Interested in Sherlock. What, are you a jealous ex-boyfriend?” John jabbed, though he felt it rather revealed a bit more than he’d intended for it to.
in an institution, they’d fallen into an easy rhythm of coexistence; moving around one another, engaging in easy small-talk, before retreating to their opposite sides of the room to take care of personal business; Sherlock buried in his mobile, John immersed in his laptop.
“Is this… snot?”
Some lyrics that Sherlock couldn’t entirely decipher over the din of the people around them streamed through the speakers, but it hardly mattered, because John was giving him a captivating smile and inching closer.
he’d developed in John Watson.
“John,” he addressed, the warm, smooth baritone curling around John’s name like the most luxurious pashmina scarf. “I don’t wish to come across as callous, but… for the next couple of hours, or however long it takes us to get anywhere on this case, I’d like to put our personal relationship at the back of my mind. I cannot have my focus clouded by-“
Sherlock heaved a sigh and stuffed his hands in his pockets. “Alright. I’ll get you suspects, then. I’ll get you concrete evidence,” he said, voice tight with frustration.
“The hell was that?!"
“It’s a shame we’ve never had a course together. I’m in pre-med at Bart’s,” John said.
It doesn’t sound like a suitable trade-off at all, according to Rosie, who weeps loudly in response.
“What, then?” John prodded. “I’m assuming you two aren’t friends.”
“Mm,” Sherlock hummed and pursed his lips. “I found that I didn’t like to be slowed down at all.”
“Ah.” John took a deep breath. “And so you joined them.”
“No.”
“Go ahead,” she instructed, turning to gather a series of small bottles and tubes and brushes from her vanity, holding a few vials of beige liquid up for inspection. “Just be careful not to tear it.”
Or maybe the
At that, John looked back at him, and a small, apologetic smile graced his features. “Sorry. Doctor-patient confidentiality. Can’t tell you anything unless I feel he’s a danger to himself or other people,” he explained.
sorry for?” he asked incredulously, and John looked at him, cheeks flushed out of embarrassment.
can be caused by more than mere embarrassment or discomfort,” he began. “You know this. Essentially part of the fight-or-flight response; when adrenaline is involved. I can determine from a brief self-analysis that my pulse has accelerated, my skin is warm to the touch, and I’d be willing to bet that an examination of my pupils under less harsh light would find them dilated. What conclusions can we draw from this?”
Except, this time, when he looked at it and thought of smooth metal in his hand, cool to the touch, the phantom sensation of the same cool metal against his palate, or against his temple, or under his chin, vibrating with the trembling of his hand, was notably absent. He found himself walking across the hardwood floor of his flat before he fully realised it, the door falling closed behind him with a soft ‘click’ as he strode evenly to stand next to his bed. One hand reached out to slowly pull open the small drawer of the nightstand, before reaching into the shadowed compartment, and his fingers wrapped firmly around a familiar grip.
A glance to his left showed the same colours, predominantly orange, casting a soft glow over John’s face as the shorter man gazed at the scene. Maybe one day, he thought, he could fulfill what John would likely be more inclined to enjoy; a candle-lit dinner and two glasses of wine next to a window overlooking the Thames at sunset. Maybe then John could help him once again see the beauty in the city that, up until his first appointment with the man those weeks ago, didn't seem like it had much to offer him anymore. Or maybe, if John would allow it, Sherlock could study the world from a different perspective, observing how the different hues of red and orange and yellow reflected off of the water to paint John's skin the colours of warmth and comfort.
It was a dressing gown of lush crimson, the fabric light and soft between John’s fingertips. He smiled as he took it off of the hook on the back of the door and wrapped it around himself, the sleeves roomy enough to allow for both John’s hand and the water bottle it held to slip through effortlessly. He had to forego the bottle, though, to tie the silky ribbon round his waist. As he turned to replace the bottle on the nightstand, he espied a long, slender rapier mounted to the wall next to the bed. Frowning in bewilderment, he ambled over to inspect it more closely, staring in some amount of wonder at the extravagant silver cage hilt before reading the small, silver plaque underneath the sword. It was for a first-place win at the ‘
he fell asleep.
With the utmost care for his fake face and neck wounds, John pulled the jersey with its torn neckline over his head; he’d taken off his jumper and tee-shirt before Mary had started on his makeup. Then he stripped off his jeans and pulled the form-fitting rugby shorts over his briefs. After that came the stockings, rubbed in the dirt and grass and complete with a few tears, which he pulled up over his calves to just under his knees. He’d wait to donn his trainers.
” he swished his hand through the air in the space between them in an attempt to clarify his point without verbalizing the specifics. “What matters now, is doing what we can to help the police. Maybe we’ll get lucky and catch someone doing something they ought to not be doing.” The ex-soldier offered a small smile and a shrug, earning the smallest, sweetest of smiles from Sherlock as a result. "But yes. I understand. This, the case, comes first. Absolutely."
“There wasn’t a bag, Sherlock,” Lestrade repeated. “There was never any bag when we got in here.”
A noise of desperation sounded from the back of Sherlock’s throat, high-pitched and needy, his hands grasping at John’s shoulders, searching for purchase as John’s mouth moved relentlessly against his own, lips parting to slide a wet tongue over the crease of Sherlock’s. The brunette let out a whimper, but it turned into a yelp when John captured his lips in another bruising kiss. Despite himself, Sherlock lifted his chin to break the kiss, heaving a laboured breath and wincing at the dark ceiling. “Jo-
Just an update
“Sherlock.” John stopped him, sounding as exasperated as he looked. “Preserving professionalism is no excuse; we’re long past that,” he continued, lowering the volume of his voice in the event that anyone should pass by the small room and hear this quite frankly absurd discussion, “we shared a
, he siphons through glass slides to show her the cuticle, cortex, and medulla of a single strand of John’s hair
“All we can tell you at this point is that this was a homicide; all other information is confidential at this point, as we are still discussing matters with the girl’s family.” Lestrade pursed his lips and gave a tight nod at one of the cameras after he’d spoken, and John had a feeling this was something he had to say quite often. The reporters all started speaking over the top of each other, eager to have their questions answered, but one young man’s voice broke through.
“I’d imagine so,” Mary said, looking towards the same house, and John upended his beer can to finish what was left before tossing the emptied can into a nearby bin.
He watched on, helpless, as Sherlock lie prone on the floor, looking up at one of the Russians – whom John recognized as
The two men looked at each other, Sherlock’s face a careful visage of insouciance while John’s radiated with unbridled relief and satisfaction, the smile on his face bordering on a sort of fond that made something under Sherlock’s skin prickle in a way that wasn’t unpleasant at all.
” he bit out, shrugging John’s hand off of him as he left the room and made for the lifts where a fleet of officers had been mere moments before.
with help from an acting class elective meant that he, as her best friend, was going to be her subject for experimentation. He’d agreed without knowing exactly what he was getting himself into. Maybe some faux stitches, he thought. A plaster here and there.
“Course you are,” John murmured, and Sherlock could almost hear the rolling of his eyes and the quirk of a smile on his lips.
He’d managed to waste twenty minutes wandering about the main road near his flat, attempting to look natural in the slight lull of late-evening foot-traffic, before he hailed a cab. He was due to arrive at Sherlock’s set location in about twenty minutes, and it was a fifteen minute drive in good traffic, so John requested to be dropped in front of a Sainsbury’s a block away from where they were to meet. He paid the cabbie a few pounds extra in hopes that maybe the tip would divert attention from how peculiar John thought it might seem to be dropped off in front of a closed shop at this hour. Whether or not the tip had anything to do with it, the driver didn’t seem to care in the least as he pulled away from the kerb the moment John closed the back door.
“Just some highway, a little ways out of the city,” John supplies. “It wasn’t busy. No one noticed.”
, yes,” he all but breathed, and that was all the confirmation Sherlock needed.
“We could go together,” Sherlock offered easily, and John looked at him dubiously.
Taken aback by the blatant irritation in the detective’s tone, the doctor blinked at Sherlock and then looked cautiously to where his own hands were hovering tentatively over the keyboard of his laptop, his index fingers outstretched from his balled-up hands where they had been searching out and clicking keys individually, one-by-one, as they were found. “I’m… sorry?” he ventured, chancing a glance back across the room to find Sherlock rolling his eyes and huffing to himself. John sighed and pushed his chair away from his desk, abandoning the emails he’d been dutifully composing to patients and colleagues in favour of hopefully placating his guest. “Look,” he addressed, “I know you’re getting pissy because your withdrawal symptoms are starting to catch up to you, so I’m going to try not to take anything you say too personally.”
“Sherlock,” John summoned trepidatiously; the man looked so fragile, so shaken, and he didn’t want to startle him further. Hearing his name seemed to bring Sherlock back to himself, and John watched as the man sucked in a breath and looked between Pavel and the gun in his hands, before letting it fall, sending it clattering to the floor, leaving his pale fingers empty and shaking. His eyes moved to John, and his shoulders sagged.
on leaving in six minutes - especially not if John didn’t
“You don’t seem very frightening,” John rejoined smoothly.
“...Or?”
Self-consciously, Sherlock looked around - and rationally, he knew that no one was paying attention to them. Everyone was absorbed in their own dances with their own partners - and then it occurred to him that John was his
“Molly!” Irene greeted back enthusiastically, arm unwinding from Sherlock’s to throw around the other girl, the pair sharing a laugh as they embraced. Molly pulled away and looked between the two of them.
John didn’t offer an answer. “What are you putting on me now?” he asked instead.
“Where the
A lavish costume that was black to match Irene’s lipstick (and her soul, Sherlock thought sardonically) was laid out neatly over the maroon duvet, and Sherlock had to force himself not to roll his eyes yet again at the absurdity of it all.
They both whipped their heads around to look in the direction of the door, their visages mirroring expressions of bewilderment as they looked at who had interrupted them.
“Of course.” Sherlock looked confused. John smiled. “Why wouldn’t I want you with me?”
The evening in this part of London didn’t bring with it the bustling night-life that many might associate with the city; it wasn’t Soho, after all. But there were still people out and about; a young couple on their way back from dinner or a concert, the young woman hanging off the man’s arm and laughing softly at something he had said; a woman with earbuds in, her nose buried in her mobile, the sharp ‘clack’ of her heels against the pavement loudly announcing her approach and retreat; two men walking hand in hand and speaking in casually hushed tones; a middle-aged man and woman walking and smiling, a small child sat atop the man’s shoulders. Cars and cabs went by on the street to John’s left, and of the buildings on his right, few appeared open, but some had lights on and people inside, sitting down for a nice dinner at an elaborate eatery, or grabbing a coffee at a cafe that catered to students’ tendencies to be out and about at late hours.
John, huffing, grin plastered to his face, followed.
John didn’t think his mood had ever changed so drastically in such a short period of time before in his life, as it did when that familiar voice emanated from his doorway in a solemn greeting.
“Yes,” Sherlock confirmed with a huff. “Same method of poisoning; ingesting a capsule with the
Brief note: it is worth mentioning that, upon researching, I have not found a UK equivalent to the American Purple Heart award, which is presented to soldiers who are wounded in action, and to the families of soldiers killed in action. I am also not aware of a UK equivalent to the Operational Service Medal for Afghanistan. But I believe our dear doctor deserves awards, so I gave him awards. If any of you know of a better award/set of awards for him, do let me know, and I will alter it in the story. Thank you, and enjoy.
“Just grabbing something! Go ahead, I’ll be right out,” came the response, and Sherlock frowned and rolled his eyes, but he followed the doctor’s command and left with a huff, letting the door fall closed behind him. He all but bolted down the stairs and burst through the front door to see the familiar car sitting by the kerb, an impatient-looking detective inspector sitting in the front seat, thumbs tapping anxiously on the top of the steering wheel. Once the man saw Sherlock, he raised his eyebrows - likely in response to Sherlock’s state of dress, the detective thought - but thankfully didn’t verbalise his thoughts on the matter once Sherlock got to the car, opened up the back door, and dipped inside to settle in the back seat.
Sherlock nodded. “At first I resisted, my reasoning being that I didn’t care for how inebriates slowed me down. They inquired as to what experience I had, and once I’d told them, they explained that what they were doing was nothing like marijuana. So, I tried it.”
“Fine, I’ll leave it,” the man said as he turned a corner. And, thankfully, he did; not that it helped much though, as Sherlock noticed John looking at him curiously out of the corner of his eye. Sherlock kept his own eyes fixated pointedly on a spot on the back of Greg's headrest as the DI turned the conversation towards more important matters as they sped down the main road, cars pulling off to the side to make way for them as they sped towards New Scotland Yard. “So we had the eyewitness at the station a while ago,” Greg began, “and she couldn’t give us too much, but she did manage to supply us with security footage from the shop she runs that my team is searching through.”
Halting in the doorway, the detective placed the hand not holding his clothes on the door frame and leaned back out of the door to look at John, who sat up on the bed, the duvet having fallen down to pool loosely about his hips. A look of hopeful surprise and confusion clouded his features, and Sherlock let himself grin. “Of course. I need my soldier with me,” he said, ignoring the heat that crept up his own neck at the statement in favour of savouring the light that blossomed in John’s eyes. “After all, could be dangerous,” he added, and winked for good measure, before stepping fully into the bathroom; but not before relishing the pleased flush that took over John’s cheeks.
“Hmm.” Victor hummed, raising one hand to stroke at his own chin in an over-dramatic display of pondering. “Price of admission today… I’ll take you on your knees for ten minutes, how’s that sound?” His grin made Sherlock want to gag.
Which, of course, the doctor did.
“Dr. Watson.”
John whinged, inadvertently squirming where he sat in his chair, eyes screwed tightly shut and nose wrinkled with distaste, face turned up towards the ceiling.
“Got one all loaded up for you, love,” he said, and held out a hand for Sherlock’s arm, which the other man gave up with no hesitation. The detective had shed his coat and rolled up both of his sleeves when he’d first entered the run-down house in his eagerness, and it had paid off, because within seconds, Victor was fastening a tourniquet around Sherlock’s bicep (wholly unnecessary, Sherlock thought with an eye-roll), gliding a cold needle across his skin in the dim light before finding a vein, and expertly puncturing his flesh. Sherlock watched as a drop of red mixed in artfully with the clear liquid in the syringe, and took a slow breath as he watched Victor push down the plunger.
“Mm,” Sherlock hums. “Addict-to-addict.”
The lost look on Sherlock’s face, along with the silence that accompanied it, gave John the impression that no one had ever asked that question before. It probably wasn’t something Sherlock gave much thought to.
“You’re not wrong.” Sherlock’s smile faded as a mild grimace contorted his features and a soft groan left his lips; he hadn’t anticipated the extent to which the full-bodied aches would plague and inhibit him as they did now. Headaches, he could deal with; but the sudden stiffness in his joints and muscles made him want to crawl into a comfortable bed under soft sheets and wait for the pain to pass. Maybe, he pondered idly, thoughts meandering back in time to how he’d spent the night and how he’d woken up, the presence of a strong, warm, sturdy body next to his own in the bed would be welcome; even ideal.
The soft sounds of crickets in the park and the light babbling of the effervescent river behind them and the distant chime of a bell on a bike took the place of the symphony orchestra, but these sounds were no match for the thunderous pounding of Sherlock’s heart in his own ears combined with the soft breaths that left John’s mouth when they separated, their faces scant inches apart, John’s hands still fisted in Sherlock’s coat while Sherlock’s were still pressed against the fabric of the jacket covering John’s chest.
He knows he should stay to be sure Rosie stays asleep, but there aren’t any chairs. The bed is the only option. He forces himself to think that John won’t mind as he meanders over to sit delicately on the bed. The mattress springs creak quietly under his weight. John shouldn’t have to sleep on something with such little support, he thinks to himself as he smoothes one hand over the low thread-count duvet. He sighs softly as he fishes his mobile out of his pocket, unlocking it and scrolling through the thirty-six messages he’s sent John over the course of the last two hours; the doctor was supposed to be home by nine-thirty. Groaning quietly, Sherlock puts the phone on the nightstand and hangs his head, rubs his hands over his face, wipes at his tired eyes. Rosie stirs in her cot, and Sherlock’s heart sinks, fearing the worst; but when he looks up, he realises she’s merely shifted, her little hands now clutching the bumblebee plush he’d bought for her shortly after she was born. A weary, fond smile crosses his face. He sighs softly;
While John stood still, silently taking in the scene and making sure his bearings were intact, Sherlock stepped forward, and the first thing he did was sniff audibly; as if he were smelling something. John’s focus shifted from the dead body to Sherlock, while Greg, off to the side, silently ushered the few people that were in the room back out into the hallway. The blue minions all filed out in single-file, leaving Greg, John, and Sherlock behind.
“Good Lord,” Greg murmured, sounding physically ill as he turned away, shaking his head and heading towards the door. “Come outside and see the paramedics,” he called back to them on a sigh.
“I’m fine with standing, ta,” John said back, not even looking at the chair.
Sherlock gave a low hum. “No. Graham is insufferable.”
“Proof of the battles you’ve
“Is it because he’s… killed people?” John ventured.
Once satisfied with his state of dental cleanliness he shut off the tap, ruffled his hair habitually in the mirror, and elected to ignore the barest hint of stubble that was forming on his jawline as he made his way out of the bathroom.
unnecessary; you could have just texted.”
He’s tried doing all of the things that make John happy; he’s played Tchaikovsky
“John?” he asked, startling himself almost as much as the man at the sink, if the small intake of breath and slight tensing of shoulders from the other was anything to go by.
Thankfully, the only reaction it garnered was a look of revulsion and a small sound of distaste from the other. “Nothing of the sort.”
” John asked, growing more distraught with each word that left Sherlock’s mouth. “Jesus Christ, you’re
“Why?” John asked plainly.
A look around revealed that he was in some sort of warehouse. Lit enough for John to be certain there wasn’t anything threatening lurking in the shadows. A potential exit behind him from where the car had pulled in; the large door hadn’t been closed, and the rain that fell steadily outside was daunting, but he’d rather face that than die in this fucking place. The only other door was a regular-sized one that was in front of him, but was blocked by a lone figure, standing casually with one foot crossed over the other, weight distributed between his feet and the umbrella propped on the floor beside him. After taking a fortifying breath, John dared to approach.
” Sherlock interrupted, trying desperately to not let his mortification show as he shot daggers with his eyes at Greg, who met his gaze in the mirror once again with a cheeky grin.
“Here,” Sherlock said after he was rinsed, “switch me spots. You condition your hair, I’ll wash your back, then rinse off; you have to get going soon.”
Sherlock gave a low hum, rifling through the facts in his mind and tilting his head as he gazed out of the front window. “Blessington’s real name was Sutton. For whatever reason, sometime before 1988, he turned informant and turned in his fellow gang members. Perhaps he was looking for a way out, perhaps he got caught out and bargained with law enforcement… there’s nothing in police records that explains why he came forward, and of course, we can’t ask him,” he said, “but regardless, he turned in Tobin Cartwright, who was the ringleader of the lot at the time. He was committed, naturally, but died in prison shortly thereafter due to
He came to a stop in front of the nameless man leaning on his brolly; an irritated John Watson would have pinned the bloke a chav, but in actuality the man was nicely put-together, in a clearly designer, probably bespoke, pinstripe, brown suit with the chain of a pocket-watch visible hanging out of one pocket. The gleam of a gold ring on his left hand drew John’s attention as the man shifted where he stood. His brown hair was trimmed short enough to make the man look older than he likely was, and John could see the through the blasé expression on the man’s face, to the keen and sharp grey eyes that studied him in an eerily familiar way.
Plasters administered and diagnoses made, Sherlock hopped down out of the ambulance with a derisive huff, already pulling his own vibrant orange blanket from his shoulders. “These things are ridiculous,” he muttered, balling the sheet up and tossing the offending wad of fabric away, forgotten, to land on the ledge on the back of the ambulance near where John was sitting.
John was ready, sporting a dark pair of jeans to match Sherlock’s, and another selection from his seemingly endless supply of atrocious jumpers, this one being a sage green that was easy on the eyes - but that, in Sherlock’s opinion, didn’t compliment John’s as well as another colour might. Said eyes, midnight blue and sparkling above a gentle smile, turned to him from where John stood at the stove, fiddling with the kettle, and Sherlock was arrested by the look before it morphed into something unreadable as the eyes trailed downward. It was then that Sherlock realised he hadn’t yet put on his shirt, and he was thankful for the flush already present on his cheeks from the heat of the shower as he quickly, self-consciously pulled on the garment. He cleared his throat as he tugged the hem of the shirt down snugly and then dared to look back up at John again. “What are you doing?” he asked, eyes darting to John’s hands above the stove.
Sherlock was already in the shower when John entered the bathroom, and he closed the door behind him, glancing at the brunette’s clothes littered about the floor. He untied the belt of his dressing gown and shed it, hanging it neatly on the hook behind the door before moving to knock on the opaque shower door. “Care for some company?”
“Yes, I know,” Sherlock says, cupping a hand to the back of her head to press a kiss atop it, her blonde, wispy curls tickling his nose. Clearly offended by the gesture, Rosie puts her chubby little hands flat against the detective’s chest and pushes,
Fucking
John looked, too, and was thoroughly surprised to see none other than Greg Lestrade stepping through. Sherlock didn’t seem surprised at all.
“You had a rather restless night.”
Sherlock gave a soft ‘humph’ of a sound and turned back towards the table to bury his head in his arms defiantly, if only to hide his reddened cheeks from the infuriatingly genuine and caring man who seemed to be the cause of the inflammation. He was met with a soft chuckle a moment before he felt John’s hand came to rest on his shoulder in a gentle, comforting grip that lasted a second too long before the hand slid away.
“Same time next week,” John confirmed with a nod. “I’ll see you then. Give Fredrick my best.”
What will happen next?? Tune in next time to find out! I'll see you lovely lot then. ;)
Slightly shorter chapter today, I know; but that just means another update is coming soon to make up for it. I have another post planned for Wednesday morning, so check back then! Thanks again so much for reading. You all are the reasons I am writing.
“Oh, that’s quite fetching,” the shorter man crooned, reaching up to place a hand seemingly unthinkingly on Sherlock’s jaw, as he swayed back and forth subtly with the music, his thumb brushing over one prominent cheekbone. Sherlock’s lips parted, but no sound came out. The alcohol was starting to take its toll on his faculties, narrowing his area of focus to the rough, calloused hand on his jaw and the handsome face before him. “Come on, Sherlock,” John tried, tilting his head, “your body was
John thought it sounded rational, but as his gaze unwittingly flickered to the pale expanse of Sherlock’s abdomen, adorned with the occasional mole and baring a light dusting of dark hair below his navel, in the moment he’d likely feel a lot differently. “I don’t need a shower,” he compromised, “I just need to wash my face and hands.”
The other smiled, empty and cold. “But I’ve yet to mention a figure.”
which likely means he was murdered behind bars,” he finished, irritation clear in his words.
The detective took in a breath and strode forward, up the stairs, and John followed. “These bronze statues,” he began, “represent significant stages in Buddha’s life. Birth,” he said, nodding at the statue they stood in front of before turning and making his way around the pagoda, “contemplation and enlightenment,” he continued as they passed the second statue, “teaching;” the third, and finally, they came to stand before a bronze rendering of the figure in the previous three lying on a bed. “And death.”
“Wait.” Sherlock’s voice stopped him, and his eyebrows rose as he watched the other man dart into the kitchen. He heard a light jingling, brows quirking into a confused expression, before Sherlock emerged and held out his hand.
, he’s even put on the deep purple shirt that always has John staring at him when he wears it
By the time Sherlock stood and turned around, John was shutting the drawer of the bedside table, and the doctor looked up at Sherlock and smiled. The detective offered a small smile back before a ping from Sherlock’s mobile where it sat on the bed drew their attention. John picked it up and peered at the screen, before tossing it to Sherlock, who caught it with ease.
“Yes, you should bring your gun,” he said, and heard a snort of amusement in response.
The young man glanced at Greg, then at the door to John’s office, then back at John. Then, in a motion so fleeting John nearly missed it, the corner of the youth’s lips quirked up in a borderline playful smirk. “Clock starts now then, Doctor,” he said as he moved suddenly, striding quickly past John and into the small office.
“Thank you,” the brunette said quietly, and, seemingly as an afterthought, brought his own pale hand up to wrap his spindly fingers around John’s wrist to give an affectionate squeeze before quickly retreating, leaving John’s skin tingling in its absence.
There was a long moment that stretched between them where John found himself growing eager with anticipation, like a spring coiling tighter, ready to bounce. Sherlock’s eyes were shining, and his voice was a low rumble that sent John’s stomach plummeting through the floorboards.
“Can you tell us anything about the cause of death?” asked one reporter, her voice muffled by the sounds of chatter and the cacophony of camera shutters.
Mary and John watched him go with a laugh shared between them, before turning back to avoid staring at Greg dealing with ‘Chelsea’ and her drunken antics. “Looks like you didn’t pre-game hard enough,” Mary quipped, and John snorted.
to get shot ever again, he’d rather spend an eternity suffering than let anyone come close to harming Sherlock Holmes, if he could help it. His heart rate accelerated as he watched Kent’s finger twitch against the trigger of the pistol in his hands, and John dove out of the way as another gunshot echoed in the space. John fired and missed, moving too quickly and too erratically to properly aim, but what mattered was that he was drawing the attention of everyone in the room. They were paying attention to him, not Sherlock. The doctor landed on the floor and rolled smoothly over, rising to one knee and pointing his gun once again to Kent, who bared his teeth and flipped his greasy, long brown hair out of his face before firing.
“I went to therapy.” John’s grin grew and was bordering on giddy as he gave his playful response. “And I listened to my therapist,” he added, and threw in a wink for good measure.
“Something like that,” he responded, and it was then he realised he wasn’t exactly sure where they were going. “Where are we going?”
“Doctor Watson, what do you think?”
“I’m- no,” Sherlock answered, but his tone was less than confident, and there was an almost conflicted look on his face.
you,” Kent shouted, charging forward with as much conviction as he could with the subtle limp that was taking over his stride. As the man raised his gun and John raised his own, though, a shout from off to the side drew their attention.
He tried not to linger over the frankly troubling level of
The problem being, however, that he hadn’t really been able to find his
“An enemy,” he repeated skeptically.
“Well enough, well enough,” Lestrade said, pulling away from the kerb and putting his lights and siren on as he began to speed down the street. “Sherlock didn’t tell me you’d be coming along,” he continued, and Sherlock set his jaw, thin arms crossing over his narrow chest. “I hope I didn’t
, it was blindingly bright; and yet still, it couldn’t outshine the light inside John.
, in the middle of the city he’d been in love with all his life, Sherlock was going on nearly a month sober, out of the dismal chasm of detox and being a perfect pain in the arse once again, and John couldn’t be more happy. Everything was more vibrant; the colourful leaves on the autumn trees were breathtakingly beautiful, the greens of the grass appearing more lush and alive than usual, and the sun, God, the
It’s half eleven. John Watson isn’t home. Rosie is utterly unhinged. Sherlock’s resolve is crumbling steadily around him like the weathered stone walls of a deteriorating, ancient castle.
“You’re very loyal,
A knowing grin crosses Sherlock’s face. “Nothing a little drycleaning can’t fix,” he reassures. “This shirt has been through far worse.”
John nodded his head. “Yeah. Annie. What about her?”
“So you do this often, do you?" John asked, sounding almost accusatory and certainly not chuffed. "You two seemed acquainted. And you talk in code. This isn’t a first-time deal.”
“Sang, actually.”
“Making tea?” he asked after he’d swallowed, and John quirked a grin.
John tried again. “A fourth what?” He blinked once, twice, before it clicked into place. His brows leveled as he understood. “A fourth suicide.”
“I see.” He looked off to the side, carefully deciding on his next words. “So… is your girlfriend here tonight, then?”
Could he really be blamed, though? Compared to the years he’d spent in the armed forces and his life prior, the last year of his life had been a miserable and monotonous experience; he had observed the world blurring around him in pallid tones of murky slate while he limped through his own pathetic shell of a life, trying and failing to find a true purpose. Being a practitioner helped in some ways, but he still felt like he was living in monochrome. And then came Sherlock; an enigmatic and youthful man whose mere existence demanded the attention of those around him. He was an invasive force, burrowing his way into John’s mind and heart and carving out a place just for himself. He made John’s mind whir and his heart pound in a way he hadn’t known since he was wielding a gun in a desert, and this time around there was much less fear and much more excitement.
at in the first place. “Fuck,” John sighed, and Lestrade gave a dry chuckle, patting the doctor on the shoulder - thankfully the good one.
“Looks like I’ll just have to meet with you some other time to get to know you-”
“Oh, just got a text from Warren,” one of the men said, “he’ll be pullin’ up under the bridge in just under ten minutes.”
“John,” Sherlock looked at the doctor as if he’d grown a pair of extra arms, “any other day, I’d be more than happy to overstay my welcome, but, seeing as I’m likely to be experiencing withdrawal symptoms rather soon, I- I’d rather not subject you to that.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Um… I’ll be in touch,” the young man said, his raven curls catching the slight breeze and dancing agitatedly atop his head.
“You’re going to cut my bloody carotid!”
Sherlock the anonymous tipper, who seemed to have a place in nearly every news article he found? If he was, why was Sherlock remaining anonymous? It didn’t make any sense to John why someone as obviously intelligent as Sherlock wouldn’t taking credit - hell, if he was honest, he was confused as to why Sherlock wasn’t simply
“Mm. That’s… nice of you,” John returned, doing his best not to let on just how fucking confused he was.
it had been foolish of him to broach the topic. Here, of all places. In a break room with the door propped open. And in the way he had broached it; John was a hopeless romantic (he owned
John huffed a laugh, rolled his eyes, and turned away to flop onto his back on her bed.
John looked at Sherlock, then at Lestrade, then back at Sherlock, and then to the empty space at his side, as if expecting another Watson with a PhD to materialise. “Me?” he asked after a moment, pointing at his own chest.
“So you’re going to force me through detox?” Sherlock inquired at length, his voice an unenthused drawl that was muffled by his arms as he listened to John’s footsteps retreating into the main room.
To his right, across the bridge they’d walked under, was Battersea Park and the surrounding area. To his back, he knew, lay the Thames, and the path they’d come from. Before him and to his left, was the rest of the gravel lot. There was what appeared to be a large factory of sorts – or a power-plant – that may or may not have been abandoned. He couldn’t be sure. But there were bits of equipment here and there, from what he could tell; piles of rubble and stacks of metal beams and a few pieces of machinery. What the expansive lot lacked was people, and cars. He wondered briefly at how close to civilization the place was; granted, people weren’t likely to start wandering around what may very well be a power-plant/construction site, but he couldn’t help but wonder what would happen if a pair of young adults
do you imagine he has?” The man lifted his umbrella off the floor to examine the end of it absently. “I’m the closest thing to a friend that Sherlock Holmes is capable of having.”
When he got inside and caught up to Sherlock, he was giggling, and he looked up to find Sherlock smiling, far too pleased with himself. The taller man broke into a softer, more subdued fit of chuckles as he looked around the main part of the café and then led John off to the side, near the bar, where a group of people in blue smocks like Anderson had been wearing were congregated.
they were going to do once they were actually
He avoided looking at himself directly in the mirror, knowing what he’d find if he happened to glance; bones, draped in skin marred from years of neglect, drug abuse, and the occasional scuffle while fighting crime. Instead, he took a towel from the rung on the wall and hastily dried off his limbs and torso before rubbing it through his thick curls, which sprung back to life once relieved from most of the moisture. Sherlock made quick work of brushing his teeth while he pulled on his pants and struggled into his jeans - which were more difficult to put on than he’d anticipated due to his being freshly out of the shower - and he finally pulled on his socks before rinsing out his mouth, setting his toothbrush on the sink, and exiting the bathroom with his shirt in his hands.
All at once, he was panicking. Too much; an onslaught of sensation, being weighed down by a heavy, rain-soaked coat, rainwater bogging down his shoes (how long had he been outside?), his hair hanging in soaked tendrils over his eyes, blocking out his peripherals and narrowing his vision, like a scared horse with blinders, the sound of the rain and the thunder transforming into a million pounding, unseen hooves. He flailed as he stumbled to the end of the street, breathing rapidly and trembling with adrenaline, cold, and fear. He didn’t even look before crossing the road, and the sounds of car horns startled him enough that he nearly fell over, but instead he managed to only tumble into the side of a building on the other side of the street before blindly making his way down the walkway. He didn’t know where he was, only that he was nowhere near his flat on Montague Street. He didn’t know where he was going, only that he knew what was waiting there. After hours (days? Minutes?) of walking, a sudden turn had him tripping over his feet, which felt far too large, up a short set of stairs, which then sent him crashing through an unfamiliar door.
Molly grinned and piped up. “The kitchen is this way,” she directed with one hand, and then turned to lead them. “Follow me.”
Her wail nearly shakes the foundation of the flat, and is at such a high decibel that Sherlock fears the windows will shatter.
for dancing…”
So he pulled open the topmost drawer in the chest of drawers beneath the hanging portion of the closet. And he paused, a frown on his face. Because while he himself was an organised man, and he liked to keep his things in order, he had never once considered arranging his socks in the way presented before him now. A confused and amused smile grew on his face as he looked at the neatly-situated socks, folded together in their pairs, arranged according to gradient, and he shook his head with an awed sort of chuckle as he took a couple pairs from the last column - all white - and tossed them over onto the bed with the laptop. He made quick work of gathering a few pairs of pants from a couple different piles. In doing so, his hand grasped a wad of fabric near the back of the drawer, but he was met with a mild resistance when he tugged, and when he pulled the garment free, he heard the soft ‘clunk’ of a solid object against the wooden bottom of the drawer. John blinked and wet his lips and, perhaps despite his better judgement, reached back with his free hand, both to sate his curiosity and to put the upset object back where it’d been, but he stuttered to a halt when his wandering fingers wrapped around something cylindrical and solid.
Greg nodded, and looked back at the car, silent for a moment. “He’s better.”
“Yeah,” Greg continued. “I just hope he-- where’d he go?” he asked, looking behind John with a frown.
, and the flush that sprang anew to his cheeks as he looked back to John did not go unnoticed.
, and even goes so far as to dig one of John’s dirty jumpers out of the hamper in their shared bathroom, tries wrapping it around her to envelope her in the man's scent. She rejects
Mildly startled, Sherlock took a moment to search John’s eyes, sapphire, stern, carefully guarded; but not carefully enough, as Sherlock spotted something in them that looked precariously close to
,” she hissed again, and Sherlock’s throat bobbed with a swallow.
John could practically see the slitted serpent’s tongue slithering out of this git’s mouth. “Who are you?”
he tried again, his hand reaching up to grip tightly to hair at the back of John’s head, when a noise behind them followed by multicoloured light spilling into the small space made them freeze.
“I missed you, too.”
A few quick finishing touches for Mary’s makeup and a final application of fake blood to John’s neck and uniform, as well as a little bit of product to coax his hair into an artful state of disarray, and the pair grabbed their phones and wallets before making their way out the door.
“Here,” the doctor said, and Sherlock opened his eyes and turned his head just enough to take the water from John’s hand, now that his own weren’t shaking quite so violently. He offered a careful, silent nod of thanks before gently raising the cup to his lips to quench his thirst.
It was evening when they reached a small village of Upper Languedoc, where they meant to pass the night, but the place could not afford them beds; for it was the time of the grape harvest and the rooms were full of workers, and they were obliged to proceed to the next post.  The rich plains which exhibited all the glories of the vintage, with the gaieties of a French festival, no longer awakened Holmes to pleasure, whose condition formed a mournful contrast to the high spirits and youthful beauty which surrounded him. As his languid eyes moved over the scene, he considered, that they would soon, perhaps, be closed for ever on this world. 'Those distant and sublime mountains,' said he secretly, as he gazed on a chain of the Pyrenees that stretched towards the west, 'these luxuriant plains, this blue vault, the cheerful light of day, will be shut from my eyes! The song of the peasant, the cheering voice of man—will no longer sound for me!'
'Those I will explain hereafter,' said Moriarty: 'at present let me relate a most extraordinary circumstance. This conversation goes no further, Signors. Listen, then, to what I am going to say.'
“But what are you going to do with
Redbeard, now in the chamber, fawned over Sherlock when he returned, and licked his hands, 'Ah, poor Redbeard!' said Sherlock, 'I have nobody now to love me—but you!' and he felt the hot pricks of tears at his eyes. After some time, his thoughts returning to his father's injunctions, he remembered how often he had blamed him for indulging useless sorrow; saying that the faculties of the mind strengthen by exertion, till they finally unnerve affliction, and triumph over it. He felt his own weakness against this standard, but at least Redbeard did not appear to mind it.
“Nah,” replies Mike, “From Beijing I mostly remember John’s boxer. I was sleeping on the couch for the last three days of the games, bastard. Cuban, I think.”
John chokes back a startled laugh. “I was hoping to run into you today,” he starts, rummaging through his backpack. “I’ve got something for you.” He hands over the battered A4 envelope, feeling suddenly nervous, like he wants to rip it back and forget the whole thing.
John's 'tunnel time' focus technique was inspired by
The queue by the bus stop feels humdrum by now, with the games now well and truly close to the end. The gymnastics team in their familiar looking uniforms look relaxed and rested, although Anderson looks pretty hungover. They’re all in holiday mode, laughing and joking as they all pile onto the bus. John notices Molly takes the seat next to Mike, sporting a similar looking pleased-but-flustered expression.  Behind him, Henry is taking a poll of what event everyone’s going to see after the gala, trying to decide between the Athletics or the Diving.
Have some pastoral wonderland! It's not quite the landscape the Holmes' are travelling through but I hope it gives you some imaginative fodder :)
Sherlock cursed bitterly as these thoughts passed over his mind, and he determined to consider what could be done for Mrs. Hudson, and to talk very explicitly to M. Anderson on the subject; but Sherlock rather anticipated that his cold heart could feel only for itself. He determined also to enquire whether Anderson had made any mention of these affairs, in his letter to Moriarty, who soon gave him the opportunity he sought, by desiring that he would attend him in his study. He had little doubt, that the interview was intended for the purpose of communicating a part of M. Anderson's letter concerning the transactions at Bakersfield, so Sherlock went immediately. Moriarty was alone.
Sherlock’s heart leapt in his breast when he heard of the candid confession of John; and, though the circumstances it discovered were afflicting to his hopes, John’s artless conduct gave him a degree of pleasure, that overcame every other emotion. But Sherlock knew that good sense and noble integrity are not always sufficient to cope with folly and narrow cunning.
“And these” Sherlock said, finger underlining at a whole emoji series, “taken as a group, instruct Moran to ensure that I am no longer a problem.”
JULIUS CAESAR
One evening he took his violin down to the little fishing-house; he went alone, and at that still hour of the evening when all is quiet and hushed. The little path, that led to the building, was overgrown with grass and the flowers which Holmes had scattered carelessly along the border were almost choked with weeds—the tall thistle—the fox-glove, and the nettle. He stood by the window and played; played those favourite airs his parents had been wont to listen to in that very spot. The music was in unison with his mind; the instrument did not vibrate on the chords of unhappy memory, but was soothing to the heart. He continued to play, unconscious of the gloom of evening, and that the sun's last light trembled on the heights above, and would probably have remained so much longer, if a sudden footstep, without the building, had not alarmed his attention.
“Yes, you’ll take this one, John,” said Mary, missing John’s side-eye at Sherlock as he obediently took the offered phone.
Continuing at the casement, that he might catch the last lingering gleam of evening, a thousand vague images of fear floated on his fancy. 'What if some of these ruffians,' said he, 'should find out the private stair-case, and in the darkness of night steal into my chamber!' Then, recollecting the mysterious inhabitant of the neighbouring apartment, his terror changed its object. 'He is not a prisoner, though he remains in one chamber, for Moriarty did not fasten the door, when he left it; the unknown person himself did this; it is certain, therefore, he can come out when he pleases.'
“If you’re going through my things, you can get me out some clean pants,” called out John to the rustling in the hallway, which ceased satisfactorily. “Give me 5 for a shower. And put the kettle on, I’ll make my own tea.” John felt Sherlock’s eyes on him as he walked past into the small bathroom and smirked.
“Not sure it was meant to happen like that, actually,” said Mike mildly. John bit his tongue to keep the smirk from his face. “Oh yeah, look, they haven’t done so well,” continued Mike, gesturing to the scoreboard revealing the unfortunate team had scored 5
“And welcome back to the Rio Olympic Arena on this, the climactic day of the artistic gymnastics competition.  You’ll be absolutely bound to the TV screens at home this evening with three gold medals up for grabs, including the competition that’s been made so much of over the build up to these games, the one the audience will be absolutely begging for, and that’s the women’s floor final with the extraordinary Simone Biles.”
It’s a text from an unknown number, and it reads: ‘No sock, no room. SH’. Mike guffaws, sending a spray of special sauce at the screen.
Molly repeated, that they were coming, and in the same moment fled.
'If you wish to see him' said Moriarty, 'you may; he lies in the east turret.'
“It was Mycroft!” Sherlock blurts immediately. “His fat feet are taking up too much space.”
that could be mov'd to smile at any thing.
The athletes from Team GB attend a swish function at British House.  Among the dignitaries, John has an encounter with someone in a minor position in the British government.
“Nope,” says John, attention on the pile of clothes on his bed.
“Not that spent, then?”
Sherlock received, about the same period, a much more interesting letter, and which soothed for a while every anxiety of his heart. John, hoping Sherlock might be still at Venice, had trusted a letter to the ordinary post, that told of his health, and of his unceasing and anxious affection. He had lingered at Tholouse for some time after Sherlock’s departure, that he might indulge the melancholy pleasure of wandering through the scenes where he had been accustomed to behold his lover, and had thence gone to his brother's chateau, which was in the neighbourhood of Bakersfield. Having mentioned this, he added, 'If the duty of attending my regiment did not require my departure, I know not when I should have resolution enough to quit the neighbourhood of a place which is endeared by the remembrance of you. The vicinity to Bakersfield has alone detained me thus long at Estuviere: I frequently ride thither early in the morning, that I may wander, at leisure, through the day, among scenes, which were once your home, where I have been accustomed to see you, and to hear you converse. I have renewed my acquaintance with the good old Mrs. Hudson, who rejoiced to see me, that she might talk of you: I need not say how much this circumstance attached me to her, or how eagerly I listened to her upon her favourite subject. You will guess the motive that first induced me to make myself known to Mrs. Hudson: it was, indeed, no other than that of gaining admittance into the chateau and gardens, which my Sherlock had so lately inhabited: here, then, I wander, and meet your image under every shade: but chiefly I love to sit beneath the spreading branches of your favourite plane, where once, Sherlock, we sat together; where I first ventured to tell you, that I loved.'
'The saddle will be ready in a minute,' replied the man who was buckling it, at whom Barnardine now swore again, for his negligence, and Sherlock, calling for help, was hurried towards the horses, while the ruffians disputed on which to place him, the one so designed not being ready. At this moment a cluster of lights issued from the great gates, and Sherlock heard the shrill voice of Molly above those of several other persons, who advanced. In the same moment, he distinguished Moriarty and Douglas, followed by a number of ruffian-faced fellows, to whom he no longer looked with terror, but with hope, for, at this instant, he did not tremble at the thought of any dangers, that might await him within the castle, whence so lately, and so anxiously, he had wished to escape. Those, which threatened him from without, had engrossed all his apprehensions.
been looking forward to seeing that Frenchman, Victor Trevor, in action, quite raving about him really, pity none of the British fencers are up to scratch this time. Oh do wait, dear, no need to go stomping off in a huff, not a personal jibe at you…”
During this day, Sherlock did not again leave his brother, except to order the preparation of such little nourishing things as he judged necessary to sustain Mycroft, and which he received with quiet acquiescence, though he seemed sensible that they could not save him from approaching dissolution, and scarcely appeared to wish for life. Sherlock meanwhile watched over him with solicitude, no longer seeing his imperious brother in the poor object before him, but the child of his late beloved mother, in a situation that called for all the compassion and kindness he had learnt from that estimable woman.
Sherlock dutifully looks down at the pins in his father’s hand and turns his head to look at John, inscrutable expression on his face.
“Are you jealous?” challenges Victor.
John glances around surreptitiously.
“Right,” says John. “Right, yes, I see.”
'Why did you not seize it, then?' cried a soldier.
'Dear sir! I will shew you the very cannon; you can see it from these windows!'
“S’not my idea!” chortled Bill, nodding over at where Sherlock appears to be staring at the tropical fruit laid out on the dessert stand. “Considerate, if you ask me,” Bill continued.
'Well, Molly, I am now so much better, that you may leave me.'
John turns around again and blows a kiss to the audience, who have passed through rowdy, left behind boisterous and have happily arrived at earsplitting as John does another handstand before swinging down and off the bars to dismount. Sherlock stares after the retreating blond figure and crosses his legs.
Wearied and disappointed, Sherlock first ridiculed, though he shared, Molly’s fears, and then tried to sooth them; but neither attempt succeeded, and the girl persisted in believing and affirming, that what she had seen was nothing human. It was not till some time after Sherlock had recovered his composure, that he recollected the steps he had heard on the stair-case.
“Hmm, I wonder what John has got in store for us today, hmmm?” says his father idly, finally putting his hat down on the floor. Sherlock himself is, well, perhaps not wholly immune to it - but that’s probably just the excitement of his incipient return to London talking.
While he was conjecturing what could thus occasion his absence, he heard a key turn in the lock of the gate near them, and presently saw a man advancing. It was Barnardine, of whom Sherlock hastily enquired what he had to communicate, and desired, that he would tell it quickly.
John stares at the back of Bill’s head, willing himself not to smack it, before he follows, ready to do his best for this sponsor shindig. Olympics don’t pay for themselves, he knows. “Look boys, all you have to do is wear the suit, smile, and don’t get pissed before the party starts,” Lestrade had said to them that afternoon. “Except you two. No drinks for you,” he’d amended while glaring at John and Bill; “and make sure you’re back in the village and in bed by 9pm.”
). So, despite
'Aye, let us go,' rejoined Roberto. 'Good night, sir.'
Sherlock interrupted him, to beg he would explain what was the impropriety alluded to.
“O-oh?” said John.
In truth he was a strange and wayward wight,
“Those are not the correct words.”
“Oh, Watson, try harder!”
Molly turned pale, and said not a word.
“The pressure’s really on with this routine Kate, this was his worst performance in the qualifications and he really seemed to struggle with some of the rope movements, not as defined and crisp as they should have been.  Probably a bit harder for him given he is one of, if not the tallest competitors here at these games, so his length of rope will be longer, requiring sharper, rapid movements to keep the rope tense. Of course the last routine showcased his excellent ball skills and a superb score, he’ll need to at least equal that though to have a shot at the medals here.”
For today's gothic fun, peruse this view of Castle Bran in Romania by night.  Sound familiar?  It's where Dracula lived.
'And what is that tapering light you bear?' said Sherlock, 'see how it darts upwards,—and now it vanishes!'
Fond of each gentle, and each dreadful scene,
“Mmm, yep,” he nodded to the coach, taking up his starting position again. With the first tumbling line done, he snuck a glance over at the door to see everyone milling around the entry – perfect. Taking position on the floor, he went into his air flare sequence –
John rolled his eyes. “No, I’m not. I’m just not interested.”
he managed to stutter out.
Sherlock still hesitated; fearing deception, but, since he had gone thus far, decided to proceed.
are cool, but the best part by far is the
(See the end of the chapter for
With what emotions did he meet John in thought, at the customary hour of sun-set, when, wandering among the Alps, he watched the glorious orb sink amid their summits, his last tints die away on their snowy points, and a solemn obscurity steal over the scene! And when the last gleam had faded, he turned his eyes from the west with somewhat of the melancholy regret that is experienced after the departure of a beloved friend; while these lonely feelings were heightened by the spreading gloom, and by the low sounds, heard only when darkness confines attention, which make the general stillness more impressive—leaves shook by the air, the last sigh of the breeze that lingers after sun-set, or the murmur of distant streams.
That evening Sherlock again had been summoned to his brother, who was again disputing with Moriarty.
John exhaled sharply through his nose. “We’re not a couple.”
When night returned, Sherlock recollected the mysterious strains of music, that he had lately heard, in which he still felt some degree of interest, and of which he hoped to hear again the soothing sweetness. The influence of superstition now gained on the weakness of his long-harassed mind; he looked, with enthusiastic expectation, to the guardian spirit of his father, and determined to watch alone for the sounds to return. It was not yet, however, near the time when he had heard the music on a former night, and anxious to call off his thoughts from distressing subjects, he sat down with one of the few books, that he had brought from France; but his mind, refusing controul, became restless and agitated, and he went often to the casement to listen for a sound. Once, he thought he heard a voice, but then, every thing without the casement remaining still, he concluded, that his fancy had deceived.
If you are inestimably fortunate. SH
“You know,” said John, lips twitching. “My mate went to Rio, and all I got was this lousy condom?”
'Who talks of treachery?' said Wilkes, in a tone of unrestrained vehemence. 'Let him that does, shew an unblushing face of innocence. Moriarty, you are a villain! If there is treachery in this affair, look to yourself as the author of it. IF—do I say? I—whom you have wronged with unexampled baseness, whom you have injured almost beyond redress! But why do I use words?—Come on, coward, and receive justice at my hands!'
John looked over at Sherlock, who was resuming his seat looking more perplexed than ever. “What, don’t people cheer at your events?”
'We cannot be in worse hands than at present,' replied Sherlock, unguardedly; 'but besides, if this castle’s residents are all in such a fright, and a fuss; I don't know any thing but the fear of justice, that could make them so!'
“That’s your text alert?” says John incredulously. “Your texts don’t normally make that sound.”
All that the mountain's shelt'ring bosom shields,
“John, call her over,” nodded Sherlock at the line. John cranes his neck around, looking to see who Sherlock can possibly mean.
“No!” he hissed to himself.  “Look upon this, and observe it, for you are now alone! Alone is what you have! Loneliness must be your protection!”
'Hopkins,' said the poor girl, 'Hopkins shut me up. When I ran away from the dressing-room door to-day, I went I scarcely knew where, for safety; and, in this gallery, here, I met Hopkins, who hurried me into this chamber, and locked me up to keep me out of harm, as she said. But she was in such a hurry, she hardly spoke ten words, but she told me she would come, and let me out, when all was quiet, and she took away the key with him. Now all these hours are passed, and I have neither seen, or heard a word of her; they have murdered her—I know they have!'
'That groan was surely human!' said he. 'I WILL speak.' 'Who is it,' cried Sherlock in a faint voice, 'that wanders at this late hour?'
“John’s just in the shower,” says Bill, lightly. “Tea?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes at the arrogance and ostentatious vanity of Monsieur Mycroft's conversation. He sat silently while Monsieur Mycroft expatiated on the splendour of his house, told of the numerous parties he entertained, and what he should expect of Sherlock. Monsieur Mycroft looked on his brother’s diffidence with a feeling very near to contempt, and endeavoured to overcome it by reproof, rather than to encourage it by gentleness.
“Yes, well. Not everything is perfect. But I’ve seen their routine; and neither are they.”
“My phone?” John repeated, staring at Sherlock’s imperious hand gesture.
Can smile at fate, and wonder how they mourn.
'What, because it never spoke?' said Sherlock, trying to laugh away the fears that began to steal upon him.—'No, monsieur, no;' replied Molly, rather angrily, 'but because something has been seen there. They say, too, there is an old chapel adjoining the west side of the castle, where, any time at midnight, you may hear such groans!—it makes one shudder to think of them!—and strange sights have been seen there—'
Among the few whom he distinguished, were the Signors Bertolini, Verezzi, and the Signorina Morstan. The first was a man of cheerful temper, strong passions, dissipated, and of unbounded extravagance, but generous, brave, and unsuspicious.  Verezzi was a man of some talent, of fiery imagination, yet had neither perseverance or true courage, and was meanly selfish in all his aims. Proud and impetuous, he revolted against all subordination; yet those who were acquainted with his character, and watched the turn of his passions, could lead him like a child. The Signorina Morstan had a perfect command of feature and of his passions, of which she had scarcely any, but pride, revenge and avarice; and, in the gratification of these, few considerations had power to restrain her, few obstacles to withstand the depth of her stratagems. This woman was the chief favourite of Moriarty.
John is of course singing the iconic Brazilian song, the Girl from Ipanema (with a few minor modifications).  John listens to
Moriarty then went to his husband's apartment, whither Sherlock was summoned soon after, and found them in high dispute.—'You shall be a witness,' said Mycroft to Sherlock, 'of my opposition. Now, sir, repeat the command, I have so often refused to obey.'
The Olympic Village has a
“I have had the, uh, individual events already. The team event is still to come, of course,” replied Victor.
John pulled out his hand from his pocket, holding up the medal on its luminous green ribbon, where it turned slowly, glinting under the fluorescent lighting. The soft ‘oooo’ from the room’s occupants was genuine; there was even a distinct inhalation from Sherlock’s corner of the room.
Moriarty, who had been often at Turin, and cared little about views of any kind, did not comply with his husband's request, that they might survey some of the palaces; but staying only till the necessary refreshments could be obtained, they set forward for Venice with all possible rapidity. Moriarty's manner, during this journey, was grave, and even haughty; and towards Monsieur Mycroft he was more especially reserved; but it was not the reserve of respect so much as of pride and discontent. Towards Sherlock he looked with interest, but spoke not a word. With Douglas his conversations were commonly on political or military topics, such as the convulsed state of the country rendered at this time particularly interesting, Sherlock observed, that, at the mention of any daring exploit, Moriarty's eyes lost their sullenness, and seemed instantaneously to gleam with fire; yet they still retained somewhat of a lurking cunning, and he sometimes thought that their fire partook more of the glare of malice than the brightness of valour.
Sherlock gets confronted by some facts about Village life, and an Important Plot Development occurs.
. Tall, a head taller at least than John. The uniform’s white shorts left his calves exposed – pale skin that seemed to go on forever, his calves long and lightly muscled.  Every male athlete, John included, was sporting the navy blue uniform coat – but on this man, the coat was something else. He’d popped the collar – the strong angles of the coat echoed in cheekbones so sharp you could cut yourself on them. John’s eye helplessly followed the collar’s lines to where the coat nestled under a cascade of dark curls. Used to the utilitarian cuts of his male teammates or the slicked back hair of the women – achieved with some dark, ozone depleting art no doubt – the man’s wild curls seemed somehow indecent, and John’s hands closed involuntarily, imagining how they might feel under his fingertips. His eyes, a piercing blue even in the dim light of the backstage hall. And those lips – that defined Cupid’s bow – oh, God. But, Oh God! The lips John was mooning over were moving and John had missed everything being said and now this long tall drink of gorgeous was looking at John expectantly. John’s brain kicked back in. Or made some sort of attempt, anyway. “Stunning! Er, the ceremony I mean! Amazing, isn’t it? So, welcome to Rio! To the team, I mean.”
Sherlock then desired him to release Molly, and, having described the chamber in which the poor girl was confined, Carlo promised to do so immediately, and was departing, when he remembered to ask who were the persons just arrived. His late conjecture was right; it was Verezzi, with his party.
“Oh, just thinking, a man like that would have to be very careful with his private life, dependent on sponsors and whatnot. Nothing scandalous, nothing…
“Well,” exhales John, looking Sherlock up and down. “A minor position in the sports ministry, was it?”
And now the moon was high over the woods, touching their summits with yellow light, and darting between the foliage long level beams; while on the rapid Garonne below the trembling radiance was faintly obscured by the lightest vapour. Sherlock long watched the playing lustre, listened to the soothing murmur of the current, and the yet lighter sounds of the air, as it stirred, at intervals, the lofty palm-trees.
Lives in his eye; that close aspect of his
'If you will not release yourself from the slavery of these fears,' said Moriarty, sternly, 'at least forbear to torment others by the mention of them. Conquer such whims, and endeavour to strengthen your mind. No existence is more contemptible than that, which is embittered by fear.' As he said this, his eye glanced upon Mycroft, who coloured highly, but was still silent.  The breakfast party broke up shortly after; Moriarty, went out to examine further into the state of the castle; while Monsieur Mycroft withdrew to his dressing-room.
Holmes sometimes amused himself with botanizing, while John and Sherlock strolled on. When he thought himself not observed, he frequently fixed his eyes pensively on his son’s countenance, so animated when he spoke to John; listened to a peculiar tenderness in the tone of his voice, that defeated any attempt to conceal his sentiments from his concerned father.
John smiles awkwardly, swallowing a mouthful of half-chewed cereal bar.
And all the dread magnificence of heaven;
'Up this stair-case the Monsieur lies,' said Barnardine.
Mary jerks her head up as Sherlock drops to a crouch in front of her, leans forward and tugs on the headphone cords, popping the earbuds from her ears.
“What a disappointment! Well, that’s the end of his ambitions to qualify for the all-around I’d say Kate. And the expression on his face, he knows it. Is he going to continue with the routine? No, there’s his salute, and the camera following him down, he doesn’t look happy, not happy at all. John Watson coming over to the apparatus now but we’re going to cut to the floor where Karoly Baumann is taking position.”
He had discovered in his son’s early years an uncommon genius of mind; his powers of observation were considerable; and moreover he applied these observations with the purpose of explaining the world around him, both natural and social.  These ‘deductions’, however, were not always well received by those who were the subject; and Sherlock, being a boy of warm affections; was hurt by this reaction and knew not how to reconcile it with what had been declarations of truth, and fact. It had the effect of making him reserved; and many thought him unfriendly; but no-one who saw him in the bosom of his home could doubt of his warm and tender heart.
After some perplexity he found his way into the great hall, and to the room where breakfast was spread.  His brother was alone, for Moriarty had been walking over the environs of the castle, examining the condition of its fortifications, and talking for some time with Carlo. Sherlock observed that Mycroft had been weeping, and his heart softened towards him, with an affection, that shewed itself in his manner, rather than in words.  Still, Sherlock seized the opportunity of Moriarty's absence to mention the circumstance of the door, to request that he might be allowed another apartment, and to enquire again, concerning the occasion of their sudden journey. On the first subject his brother referred him to Moriarty, positively refusing to interfere in the affair; on the last, he professed utter ignorance.
Rhythmic gymnastics: we all love it.  I can't find much official footage of the 2016 games online yet so, I refer you
'Mrs. Hudson added, That she had received a letter from him, informing her the chateau was let, and that, as her services would no longer be required, she must quit the place, on that day week, when the new tenant would arrive.'
While he considered, a sound of many voices in loud merriment burst upon his ear. Sherlock rushed forward, with a hope of obtaining assistance from the people in the woods. The sounds led him towards the moon-light glade he had before noticed; at a little distance from which he stopped, and saw, between the boles of the trees, a small circular level of green turf, surrounded by the woods, on which appeared a group of figures. On drawing nearer, he distinguished these, by their dress, to be peasants, and perceived several cottages scattered round the edge of the woods, which waved loftily over this spot. While he observed, several peasant girls came out of a cottage; music instantly struck up, and the dance began. It was the joyous music of the vintage! the same he had before heard upon the air. His heart, occupied with anxiety for his father, could not feel the contrast, which this cheerful scene offered to his own distress; he stepped hastily forward towards a group of elder peasants, who were seated at the door of a cottage, and, having explained his situation, entreated their assistance. Several of them rose with alacrity, and, offering any service in their power, followed Sherlock, who seemed to move on the wind, as fast as they could towards the road.
“Some strong results on the individual apparatus so far, too, Irene?”
Sherlock seized the first opportunity of conversing alone with Mons. Anderson, concerning Bakersfield. His answers to Sherlock’s enquiries were concise, and delivered with the air of a man, who is conscious of possessing absolute power and impatient of hearing it questioned. He declared, that the disposal of the place was a necessary measure; and that Sherlock might consider himself indebted to M. Anderson’s prudence for even the small income that remained. 'But, however,' added he, 'when this Venetian Count (I have forgot the name) marries you, your present disagreeable state of dependence will cease. As a relation to you I rejoice in the circumstance, which is so fortunate for you, and, I may add, so unexpected by your friends.' For some moments Sherlock was chilled into silence by this speech; and, when he attempted to undeceive his uncle, concerning the purport of the note he had inclosed in Moriarty's letter, Anderson appeared to have some private reason for disbelieving the assertion, and, for a considerable time, persevered in accusing Sherlock of capricious conduct. Being, at length, however, convinced that he really disliked Wilkes and had positively rejected his suit, Anderson’s resentment was extravagant, and he expressed it in terms equally pointed and inhuman; for, secretly flattered by the prospect of a connection with a nobleman, whose title he had affected to forget, he was incapable of feeling pity for whatever sufferings of his nephew might stand in the way of his ambition. Sherlock’s inopportune deductions about the state of his knee-breeches served to further inflame him, and Anderson declared, that, if Sherlock persisted in this folly, both himself and Moriarty would abandon him to the contempt of the world.
What they definitely haven’t seen before though is an Olympic medal; so John is an instant celebrity – everywhere he turns someone is asking for a photo, wanting to look at the medal, or just grabbing it off his chest. It’s awful. But he holds grimly onto a glass of water and nods and smiles for selfie after selfie, hoping he’s doing it right and all these people will buy something, like a stadium or a tunnel or a new gymnastics studio.
MACBETH
Here Holmes trailed off for a time before resuming.
'They may open upon the great stair-case, perhaps,' said Sherlock, passing on till he came to a chamber, hung with pictures, and took the light to examine that of a soldier on horseback in a field of battle.—He was thrusting his spear upon a man, who lay under the feet of the horse, and who held up one hand in a supplicating attitude. The soldier, whose visor was up, regarded him with a look of vengeance, and the countenance, with that expression, struck Sherlock as resembling Moriarty. He shuddered, and turned from it. Passing the light hastily over several other pictures, he came to one concealed by a veil of black silk. The singularity of the circumstance was striking, and Sherlock stopped before it, wishing to remove the veil, and examine what was so carefully concealed, but somewhat wanting courage. 'Holy Virgin! what can this mean?' exclaimed Molly. 'This is surely the picture they told me of at Venice.'
“MORSTAAAAAN!!!!” they waved the flag above their heads.
Sherlock paused, for, notwithstanding the terrors of darkness, he considered it to be very improbable, whoever he was, that he could have any interest in intruding upon Sherlock; and again the subject of his emotion changed, when, remembering her nearness to the chamber, where the veil had formerly disclosed a dreadful spectacle, he doubted whether some passage might not communicate between it and the insecure door of the stair-case.
“Yeah, yeah, sure,” John replied, absently watching as Sherlock pulled down sweat pants to reveal dark grey tights.
At length they reached the village, where they staid only to change horses, without alighting, and it was not till they stopped to dine, that Sherlock had an opportunity of reading the letter. Though he had never doubted the sincerity of John's affection, the fresh assurances he now received of it revived his spirits; he looked over his letter in tenderness, laid it by to be referred to when he should be particularly saddened, and then thought of John with much less anguish than he had done since they parted. Among some other requests, which were expressive of John’s tenderness, John entreated Sherlock would always think of him at sunset. 'You will then meet me in thought,' said he; 'I shall constantly watch the sun-set, and I shall be happy in the belief, that your eyes are fixed upon the same object with mine, and that our minds are conversing. You know not, Sherlock, the comfort I promise myself from these moments; but I trust you will experience it.'
Sherlock cleared his throat. "The language you spoke in the woods, what was it?" he asked to change the subject.
"Where are you going?" John asked, standing there in his jumper with a wide-eyed look of bewilderment on his face.
John had lost his voice for a second. He opened his mouth and responded eloquently: “Errhm.” Wanting to smack himself, he quickly worked to construct a new reply.
After stepping inside, John began looking around, his eyes curiously sweeping across everything Sherlock had left lying around. He fixated on the microscope for a moment, walking over and carefully running his fingers along the base of it. Sherlock, somewhat out of his depth, didn't say anything despite being extremely particular about his valuables. He simply stopped to watch.
With that, he headed out of the room.
It was a nice addition – not that Sherlock cared in the least – that John wasn't terrible to look at. He was not tall by any means, but the strength of his shoulders was visible even now that he wore that utterly dull jumper. His hands were much smaller than Sherlock's, but they were nimble, and one of them had touched Sherlock's arm with an unfamiliar warmth.
(See the end of the chapter for
You know I hate repeating myself, John. SH
John tried to decipher the expression on Sherlock’s face. Was he actually curious or was this some sort of experiment?
I'm no expert in what the procedure for these witnesses actually is, so please don't get too mad if it's not 100% accurate. The case is meant to be more of a background thing anyway :)
Sherlock failed at being completely unaffected by the subtle praise. He simply wasn't used to it and it caught him off-guard, stunned him. Avoiding John's eyes, he got up and abandoned his notes, fetching his laptop from the bedroom.
Sherlock was confused for a moment but then leaned forward to examine the plant closer. He realised he recognised it. Indeed, it was a species of buttercup. He began to smile, excited.
"The whole plant is poisonous! Extremely so! You're not supposed to go grabbing it with bare hands!" Sherlock glared at John, standing up and reaching his hands up to tug at his curls in exasperation.
John glanced at him one more time, surprised, and then put his laptop away to walk over to his flatmate. “How do you feel?” he asked and looked Sherlock over with a concerned expression. It was rare for Sherlock to admit he wasn’t feeling that good.
By the time John had brushed his teeth and taken a morning shower, he’d managed to make up his mind. He had to confront Sherlock.
John blinked for a moment and studied Sherlock’s face again. He appeared to be deadly serious. “Hold on… You think that I can tell you what being in love is like simply because I’ve been in a few relationships in the past?”
John gaped at the words on the screen. Then he burst into a laugh and almost dropped his phone. Sherlock could be awfully funny and endearing at the same time while intending to be neither. A minute or so later he sent off a reply.
Yes, there certainly was love involved. Well... at least on John’s side.
John couldn’t help smiling a little as he saw Sherlock duck under the police tape already set up around the scene, and then hold it up for John to follow. It was a simple thing but it proved that Sherlock was aware of his presence.
A thoughtful look crossed John's face. "Yes."
Ἰωάννης = Ioannes/Iohannes, the Latin names from which John is derived
“Yes. Obviously. Don’t touch anything,” he said, ending the call without further ado. Then, his eyes turned to John.
Frustration flickered across the blonde's face. "No. Yes," he replied. He shut his eyes and stood still with a look of intense concentration for several seconds. Sherlock didn't dare to speak.
"That's your home?"
Sherlock yanked his hand away from John's. John's face was forlorn, his blue eyes wide and moist.
Greg sighed. “Yes, well–”
"But… the poison, John-"
It was early, but birds had already started their usual chirping high up in the trees and all around him as Sherlock walked.
Around five o’clock, Sherlock’s phone rang.
John's laughter again. What a pleasant sound. Sherlock filed it away in his mind palace.
, John did truly have powers and he'd given Sherlock evidence of it.
Sherlock had managed to read through a total of three articles that summarised the main figures of Greek mythology when he felt a presence near his back. He'd been so absorbed in his reading that he hadn't noticed John moving but now sensed him standing close. Sherlock didn't turn his head and continued to read.
John released a heavy sigh and looked up at the beautiful blue sky above. He hoped he hadn't just destroyed his very last hope that could save him from oblivion. It was, after all, such a pleasant-looking last hope he'd found.
The man's eyes stared at Sherlock's face now, examining his features with an intensity he was not used to. He nodded again.
"Are you laughing at me now? What was that? What have you done to me?"
. Such an odd little word.
Sherlock simply stared back at him, slightly tilting his head to the side.
Sherlock's eyes were wild as he looked at John. He was doing everything to go back to being aloof – his completely calm and collected usual self.
Secondly, he needed to clarify some things about their relationship. Mainly he wanted to know if the previous night’s events had done some irreversible damage to… well, whatever it was that existed between them. This part scared him.
Sherlock turned his head and stared at John’s hand on his arm. He then climbed into the cab, forcing John to follow suit.
The woman drew in a breath and swallowed, brushing her long auburn hair behind her ear. She then started recounting the events while John and Sherlock listened.
This time the sound was far too loud to be caused by the delicate paws of a fox. Sherlock frowned, and his hand stilled in the middle of a sentence. Was he about to be ambushed by a bear? The idea was… less than pleasant. He knew the odds of survival weren't spectacular even in his case if such an attack occurred.
John didn't seem fazed. He simply watched Sherlock stand up and approach him, standing perfectly still and blinking, his once again ocean blue eyes bright and clear.
Sherlock shivered. It was a nightmare.
Sherlock hummed. “Tea?”
John blinked at him in confusion, glancing at the plant.
In the end, Sherlock managed to get through enough material about the world that John apparently came from that he understood why the god had admitted to being a minor one. It was all messy, and it seemed that there was a god for anything and everything, no matter how specific it might have been. Their relationships were also rather ridiculous, and Sherlock repeatedly found himself snorting in disbelief at what he was reading, making John raise his eyebrows and inquire about the topic.
“Love has many forms, John. Ours… it’s too misshapen, too complicated,” James had said, and he’d been right.
“John.”
He was staring down at a fox that stood in the middle of the path, a few feet away.
“Love is when you care for someone enough to wake up in the middle of the night and answer their ridiculous philosophical questions.”
They were dog tags. Sherlock stared at the pieces of metal in his hand.
Sherlock’s look was icy when he finally turned his head to face John.
“I told you, I was not feeling well. We got everything we needed from her. We can go home now.” Sherlock looked out of the window instead of at John now. “Baker Street, please.”
Sherlock blinked. He was unsure what that meant and how it was supposed to answer his question.
Sherlock quirked up an eyebrow, clasping his hands behind his back. “Obviously. Anyone with even the tiniest amount of common sense would realise the details of this case do not add up, certainly not to a conclusion as hasty and unbothered as a simple suicide.”
Gaping at the man, he considered two possibilities:
Sherlock had spotted it. A chain around John's neck, leading down under his jumper. It hadn't been there before. Quite boldly, Sherlock reached forward and grasped the metal chain, lifting it up to pull the rest of it into view.
Greg’s expression was positively surprised.
Sherlock frowned and snorted. "
! Poisonous when eaten fresh, like all buttercups, but the taste prevents most animals from ingesting it. I'd like to experience the taste, in the name of science–"
"Thank you for your concern though. It was brave of you."
John left the bathroom and braced himself for coming face to face with his flatmate. However, he soon discovered that Sherlock was not in the flat and he was alone. This made John feel somewhat relieved.
“In the middle of a
qualities with the cottage (namely the lack of free space).
? You humans shouldn't be able to–"
"After you," Sherlock said without thinking, moving aside as he held the door for John. He wasn't sure why he'd done so but the positively surprised look on John's face was worth it.
Sherlock heard a soft snort in response to his words. "You spend your holiday finding poisonous plants."
“Johnnn.”
John’s eyebrows crept up. “Did we?”
The response was a loud huff. “No, John! Love!”
Disgruntled, he sank back into his thoughts and only became aware of his surroundings again some fifteen minutes later. He glanced over his shoulder and then stopped, turning around.
Something in Sherlock's chest tightened. He had no idea why, but John looked familiar.
“And who might that be?” Sherlock finally asked.
The man laughed at Sherlock's expression, closing his eyes and positively relishing in the gentle sunlight that bathed his form. His dirty blonde hair reflected the light in a way that made a tiny part of Sherlock want to ask him about his hair care routine.
“Thank you,” Sherlock said quietly.
Unless John was telling the truth.
John shrugged slightly and let the stem fall out of his hand, watching as Sherlock scrambled to pull a pair of thick gloves as well as a glass jar from his bag. He carefully picked up the sample and jammed it into the jar, letting out a sigh after putting a lid on it and stuffing it into his backpack.
John kept watching Sherlock’s face while he listened to Greg on the other end. A brief few seconds later, Sherlock’s mouth turned up into a pleased smile.
Ranunculus = "I am dazzled by your charms", "You are radiant with charms"
The man was barefoot but seemed completely at ease, not glancing towards the ground even as he avoided the same nest of bees Sherlock had sidestepped on his way across the clearing. His skin was golden brown, kissed by the sun, and he didn't seem cold despite his ridiculous attire. It was still so early that the man should have been shivering in the morning sun. But he wasn't. He looked calm.
He returned to John and Greg with a disgruntled expression.
Sherlock's eyebrow crept up again. Us?
?" He nodded towards John's chiton.
“Of course, the idiot police has already settled on your suggestion instead of bothering to consider all the facts.”
"Thank you," Sherlock murmured after a moment. For some reason, saying the words felt odd, like he was performing something similar to John's… blessing? Spell?
in front of him was – until it left him alone and disappeared.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Do you feel pain?"
Sherlock scoffed. “More than we asked for, I should think.” He kept staring at the passing traffic.
When he did, he wasn't smiling and the look he gave the detective was almost chilling. "It doesn't matter. I'm here now, in this time. Don't worry about it."
"If that's the case, it's certainly an improvement to the past," John commented.
That seemed to make the man more serious. His smile faded and his brow furrowed.
“What experiment is this for?” John finally asked.
John nodded but his eyes were defiant. "I wanted to show you. You must understand, otherwise there's no hope for me." He shrugged his shoulders with a sigh.
"You idiot, that's
To be honest, he mainly just wanted to go back to sleep. He didn’t want to come up with an easy lie, however, not when Sherlock’s voice had been so sincere. Sighing, he sat up again and turned to his flatmate.
(See the end of the chapter for
John did not laugh but he didn't seem insulted either. He simply grabbed a free chair and sat down opposite of Sherlock.
“Bloody hell. That’s a rough day,” John murmured, letting out a soft breath. He briefly considered the idea and grimaced.
John placed his hands on the edge of the table and gave Sherlock an exasperated look. "As you very well now know, my powers are diminishing. I simply focused on finding help."
“John!”
Perhaps Sherlock had been uncomfortable with the idea of seeking assistance with… whatever he was focused on. Something… something that had to do with love. No,
Despite having been harassed in the middle of the night, John did actually feel well-rested in the morning. He had slept peacefully after Sherlock had finally given him his duvet back.
"Detective," John repeated thoughtfully, glancing between the notes and Sherlock's face. He laughed softly. "But these are plants, Sherlock. You consult plants?"
Sherlock does research on John and Greek mythology in general.
* * *
Sherlock’s eyes seemed to visibly brighten at that and he leaned forward in his seat. “Well, then. Describe your experience. In detail, please.”
Suddenly, Sherlock did not see the forest around them. In fact, he did not see anything. Pure darkness. He could
* * *
“Right… So what’s this case about then? It must be good since you’re smiling,” John said as he climbed into the cab behind Sherlock who had already announced their destination to the driver.
John, feeling a little like reality had suddenly slowed down, licked his lips and looked up at Sherlock. He saw those piercing eyes search his face, briefly landing on his lips– no, he had to be imagining that.
After another cab ride, John and Sherlock met up with Greg again and he lead them to where the witness had been taken for questioning.
But what sort of form had the love occupying 221B taken?
Although… if someone were interested in his methods and showed genuine curiosity–
"Oh, plenty."
"That must mean... you're a Greek god," he breathed, not quite managing to keep the disbelief from his voice. "I… wasn't aware the Greeks had a god of flattery."
"I need a sample of it."
Your standards are awfully low, John. SH
Nothing at all. SH
Also, I tend to listen to Florence + The Machine when writing this story. Her songs inspire me when I'm in the mood for some mythology and romance. The song Rabbit Heart (Raise It Up) has had a particularly strong influence over this weird mess of a story :)
“Tell you what? God, if you need to use my laptop or something, just deduce the password and get on with it…”
“Right.. well, I expected that,” Greg sighed and then greeted John with a nod.
"John, I…" he murmured.
"You'll be alive again and you'll continue to grow until you
Sherlock felt his face heat up and grumbled. "It was not my choice."
John looked delighted. "Fair-haired," he said, eyes moving up to ogle the dark mop of curls atop Sherlock's head.
Clara briefly looked towards Sherlock again but her eyes quickly returned to John.
Sherlock blinked dumbly. "Excuse me?"
John sat up in his bed and looked around. His bedroom hadn’t changed in any way, nothing had been moved or taken. Still, he felt like something had shifted. Something big.
Sherlock hummed softly. “Oh yes. My chest,” he murmured, his voice taking on a lower note. John wondered whether he should be alarmed. What was the man playing at?
There were several journals and notebooks scattered around atop various surfaces, his microscope perched on the small wooden dining table, and his violin case propped up against the side of the sofa. The tiny kitchen had been put to use mainly as a laboratory.
Update 29.3.2020: I haven't abandoned this! I've just been away from the fandom for a while. I'm working on chapter 5 now since I have time off.
"I told you. In the forest." He shrugged.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. "
John lowered his voice until it was little more than a whisper. "So now, I'll give you something of mine. I give it as a gift and bless you."
John blinked. "You'll take what?"
John folded the corner of the page he had been in the middle of and then set the book aside, turning to his friend. Sherlock was sitting in his chair with his hands placed on the armrests and his head turned to stare expectantly at John who had settled into a corner of their sofa to read.
"John, you're… you're one of the Erotes."
"Oh."
Sherlock settled on countering John with a question. "What am I supposed to do?"
John cleared his throat. “Sherlock…” he started but suddenly had no idea how to continue. He fell silent for a moment but Sherlock stayed quiet as well, simply observing John. His face was unreadable once again.
"I told you to go away," he said and glared.
At that, Sherlock's brain short-circuited.
That silence made John look up and meet his flatmate’s gaze. There was something in Sherlock’s eyes he could not identify. Compassion? Pity?
“I don’t feel so well,” he said. “We’re leaving.”
Something about their relationship was special, that couldn’t be denied. He had never worked better with anyone else. He had never felt as alive as he did with this ridiculous, remarkable man.
John chewed on his lip as he thought about the question and what he could possibly say to that. Who was he to say what love was? This was Sherlock once again assuming he had some revolutionary answers to fundamental questions just because he had experience in something Sherlock apparently did not.
Sherlock drew in a breath, tempted to turn his head again and simply stare at John. Instead, he fixed his eyes on the computer and typed in the correct key words to Google. He brought up a page explaining the myth of the god of flattery. Of John. Madness, Sherlock thought.
In general, Sherlock was a very independent person. He did what he wanted, when he wanted, and scoffed at people who tried to slow him down or tell him it wasn't possible. He knew he was clever, and he had always thought that would be enough for him, forever. Now, though, faced with a scenario that truly terrified him, he wondered whether he had been doing things right after all.
He wasn't sure why John would say something like that. But… he'd said he was the god of flattery, hadn't he? A god, Sherlock thought. A bloody god. Impossible. He wanted to start arguing and glaring again but decided against it.
Sherlock still watched John out of the corner of his eye, allowing him to move around the cottage and ogle Sherlock's belongings to his heart's content.
When John saw Sherlock flop unceremoniously onto the sofa with his laptop in his hands, the blond lit up with curiosity. Although Sherlock didn't look, he could feel John's eyes on him as he stared at the screen, his deft fingers moving across the keyboard to type out search terms.
Thinking about Sherlock led him to consider their curious conversation earlier in the day. In the end, Sherlock had told him to forget the matter altogether which he found strange. The serious and expectant look on Sherlock’s face had made it seem like he wouldn’t be willing to end the discussion before getting an answer he deemed satisfying. Why had he suddenly given up?
“Now, what would you think if that coworker, seemingly out of nowhere, walked right into oncoming traffic in the middle of your conversation?”
"I can quite reliably convince someone to do as I wish if I put my mind to it."
John stared at him with a deep frown, reaching to grab Sherlock’s free arm as the man hailed another cab.
Well, you said one should answer questions. SH
"I'm… I must be... Hm." He looked genuinely unsure.
But what did John mean by that? Was he making fun? It certainly sounded like he was. The corners of Sherlock's mouth turned downward, and a slight pout appeared on his lips.
Sherlock shook his head slightly.
Sherlock grunted quietly in response, eyes flitting across the screen.
Sherlock smirked but said nothing before leaning his head back and closing his eyes.
Stepping into the room, Sherlock immediately approached the witness, John right behind him. “Clara, isn’t it?” Sherlock’s eyes rapidly scanned the woman.
"So it would seem."
Sherlock sighed. He was an idiot, wasn't he?
Eyes snapping open, Sherlock jolted up from the narrow, tatty sofa he'd been lying on. He frowned at the piece of furniture as if it were responsible for some terrible offense against him.
John laughed, and Sherlock silently appreciated the sound as he fished the key from his pocket.
, and no wind will blow you down or fire scorch you," John breathed, voice softer but his eyes still firmly on Sherlock who couldn't understand why John wouldn't look at the plant instead of him.
John's tongue darted out of his mouth and swept over his bottom lip. Sherlock found it terribly distracting.
He had the cottage to himself for the rest of the summer and it was only the middle of June, but Sherlock hated wasting what he saw as valuable thinking time. He considered his mind his most precious asset, ruthlessly casting aside anything that threatened to slow him down or distract him.
." He rolled his eyes.
John, however, did not seem to be focused on him. Out of the corner of his eye, Sherlock saw a hand appear and reach over to feel the surface of the screen. Then he heard John hum curiously.
Sherlock took a deep breath and then let out a heavy sigh, suddenly looking rather tired. “There’s this… ache in my chest. It’s.. It makes everything heavier. Breathing. Thinking,” he said and then breathed in deeply again, seeming unsure how to go on.
It wasn't a spell, per se. Perhaps it could be if John wanted. But it hadn't been, not when he'd spoken to Sherlock.
What a waste, Sherlock thought as he tried his best to smooth out the creases in his clothes.
A couple of hours later, darkness had started to settle over London. John had finished his cup of tea and was taking the empty cup to the sink, yawning as he shuffled into the darkened kitchen. It had been a quiet day, they had no case on at the moment and Sherlock’s boredom hadn’t yet reached a critical point. John assumed the man was doing his usual silent thinking routine.
Sherlock marched forward towards the empty bus stop and began to inspect the ground, soon moving to the marked spot in the middle of the street where the body had been collected. For a while, he silently inspected most of the restricted area.
Sherlock snorted but he looked no less rattled. "You look very man to me."
, are you seriously suggesting-"
John closed his eyes and rubbed his forehead. Sherlock was right… as always. He waited for Sherlock to go on, to say more and pick apart John’s memories and experiences just like he dissected his dead frogs and whatnot.
It was
“You shouldn’t have moved the body. I said don’t touch anything,” he complained.
"John. I am John."
John's laugh was gentle. His smile didn't waver. "Oh, you are funny."
"This…
“She wanted you to. What a huge missed opportunity for you, John. Terribly sorry.”
"I don't live here, I'm on holiday," he said.
John ducked his chin just slightly and then looked at Sherlock through his lashes. He licked his lips and considered his words, revealing to Sherlock that he was about to say something equally preposterous again.
'Astonishing! Will you deny what you wrote to Mons. Anderson, your uncle? if you do, your own hand will bear testimony against you. What have you now to say?' continued Moriarty.
“An interested party,” is the cool response.
“Don’t pretend like you don’t like it” John says lazily, very close to Sherlock’s ear, one hand curling through Sherlock’s hair.
. He applauded extra loud as Romanian Marian Dragulescu completed his vault –
'To the portal,' said Barnardine.
There is a minute of stunned silence at the table. “Called it,” said Mike proudly, forking potato into his mouth as celebration.
Looking up from the phone, John’s mouth went dry. Sherlock had toed off his shoes, taken off his jacket and was shimmying his tracksuit pants down over his hips to reveal tight black shorts that gripped the skin at the widest part of the thigh, skimming the line between sportswear and boxer briefs. John swallowed, temperature rising as Sherlock’s tracksuit fell. Long, long legs; miles of almost translucently pale skin. Loose t-shirt just riding on the top of the narrow hips. And Sherlock, grey eyes looking at him from underneath dark lashes, inky curls tousled afresh. “Ready?” his asked John from plump, pink lips.
'Well,' rejoined Sherlock, who observed that she was struggling with apprehension for the consequence of revealing her secret, 'I will enquire no further'—-
“I’m sorry, that’s just…mind-blowing. Incredible. Most of us on the team have been doing gym since we were
John's indisposition detained the travellers at Beaujeu several days, during which interval Holmes had observed his disposition and his talents with the philosophic inquiry so natural to him. He saw a frank and generous nature, full of ardour, highly susceptible of whatever is grand and beautiful, but impetuous, wild, and somewhat romantic. John had known little of the world. His perceptions were clear, and his feelings just; his indignation of an unworthy, or his admiration of a generous action, were expressed in terms of equal vehemence. Holmes sometimes smiled at his warmth, but seldom checked it, and often repeated to himself, 'This young man has never been at Paris.' A sigh sometimes followed this silent thought. He determined not to leave John till he should be perfectly recovered; and, as he was now well enough to travel, though not able to manage his horse, Holmes invited him to accompany him for a few days in the carriage. This he the more readily did, since he had discovered that John Watson was of a family of the same name in Gascony, with whose respectability he was well acquainted. The latter accepted the offer with great pleasure, and they again set forward among these romantic wilds about Rousillon.
