“I love you so much, Sherlock. So fucking much.” John pants in between kisses, pumping even faster into me. He reaches his hand down and strokes my cock in time with his thrusts.
“Don’t let go of my hand. Please.” I plead.
that’s none of your business.”
“Piss off.” With that, we both turn to look out our respective windows, laughing and smiling to ourselves.
“Which was it? Afghanistan or Iraq?” Sherlock repeated.
“Harry and I don't get on, never have. Clara and Harry split up three months ago, they’re getting a divorce. Harry’s a drinker -”
-Mack ♥️
“Oh, we’re done waiting. Look at her! Really, look! Houston, we have a mistake! Get on to Cardiff, find Jennifer Wilson’s family and friends - find Rachel -”
“You’re not distracting me at all, no,” I reply, putting my phone back in my pocket.
John reaches in his pocket and says “Here. Use mine.”
“...I’m sorry?” John asked, utterly confused.
“A fourth?” Ms. Hudson asked, with a bit of surprise and worry in her voice.
“Oh yes, I’ve done my research. It’s perfectly safe to have sex whilst pregnant, it won’t harm our baby at all.”
“Yes.” He kisses my stomach some more as he pulls off my pants and my underwear. “I want you on the couch. I’m going to get undressed and lock the doors.”
John was intrigued. In spite of himself, he asked “Who was the first?”
“Is that your real name?”
Wow, look at me go! 2 chapters in a day lol. Enjoy and please leave comments with your feedback, thoughts, what you want to happen next, or anything else you want to say! I love to hear from my readers. I'm thinking of turning this into a series, with the wedding and maybe more children than just the one they're going to have now. Idk, lmk what you think (:
“That’s a skull,” I state, looking over at the mantlepiece.
“I’m breaking every rule letting
“Nope!” I say, lifting the police tape so he can come in with me.
for a flatmate?”
“Seen a lot of injuries then. Violent deaths?”
- I've started going by they/them pronouns (:
“I may need longer,” I say as I’m pulling on some white rubber gloves.
Hey guys! I wanted to have this chapter out yesterday, but my power went out and I wasn't able to work on it. I hope the long chapter makes up for it (: The next chapter might take a little while for me to post as well, but we'll see. As always, constructive criticism is welcomed and appreciated.
“...Say that again.” I tell him.
I gave him a skeptical look. “You stopped her husband from being executed?”
~The End~
“Ah, yes.” He laughs but then becomes serious again. “The bravery of the soldier. Bravery is by far the kindest word for stupidity, don’t you think. What is your connection with Sherlock Holmes?”
“And some biscuits too, if you have them,” I say, distracted by the newspaper and annoyed with myself.
“I said could you pass me a pen,” I say, still thinking about the symbols.
“Is this allowed? I mean, having sex while you’re pregnant. I just don’t want to hurt our baby.” John asks me while kissing my neck.
“Will you come?” The man asks again with hope.
Sherlock goes to hang out with Molly at the morgue. Some ansgty-ish stuff ensues. There's also a "blink and you'll miss it" Good Luck Charlie reference in this chapter lol.
“I think he wants me to take a look.”
Everyone comes over to hear the exciting news and all goes well.
“There,” I say. “I got my own pen. Is that why you’re mad at me?”
“She was writing Rachel?”
It’s now dark outside and we’re still riding in the taxi. I’m typing on my cell phone. John is sitting beside me and he keeps looking back and forth from the window to me. I’m making it look like I don’t know he has questions, but I do. I’ve decided to bring it up. “Okay, you’ve got questions,” I say suddenly.
, there are clear signs - even you lot couldn’t miss them.” I say, lost in my thoughts. I start descending the stairs again.
*  *  *
“Hello,” I say after a while.
“Do you see the camera, Dr. Watson?” The voice repeats.
“I believe you’re overdressed, Dr. Watson.”
“Who says I trust him?”
“Well, what did you think?”
” With that, Sherlock and I are out the door.
“Anything interesting?” He asks me, looking up from what he was doing at his desk (he was on the computer, I believe.)
“But I
“I play the violin when I’m thinking, and sometimes I don’t talk for days on end - would that bother you? Potential flatmates should know the worst about each other.”
“Perfectly sound analysis, but I was hoping you’d go deeper,” I say as Lestrade walks back into the room.
“Brixton. Lauriston Gardens.” The man replied.
“Sorry, obvious?” John asks.
“Sherlock? What? What is it?” Lestrade asks with concern.
Sorry lol, I had to. I'm terribly sorry for the hiatus! I've been struggling with a lot recently, including getting dumped by my girlfriend. I'm trying to get back into writing, it's just hard to find the motivation. This is a bit of a short chapter, but some longer ones are coming, I promise. I've also noticed that my writing has some formatting issues, so I will be fixing that soon!
“Hello?” I say when I pick up the phone.
“Address?” Anthea asks me, getting impatient.
* * *
“I said, he’s with me.”
Mike begins to introduce John to Sherlock, who has barely glanced at John. “This is an old friend of mine - John Watson.”
“I’m in love with you, too.” He says. “I’m sorry for my burst of anger. I think it came from me trying to deal with these feelings that I have for you, you know? I’ve never liked a guy before so this is all new to me. I forgive you and I hope you can forgive me.”
more than kissing.
“Of the message?” He replies, confused.
“Oh, yeah, lots.” She laughs. She notices I’m still sitting there. “Bye.”
“You said you could identify a software designer by his tie, and an airline pilot by his left thumb.”
” He actually looks quite cute when he does this. It’s perfectly normal for me to think that without being gay, right? Right. “And I thought it was going to be a boring evening. Serial suicides, and now a note - oh, it’s Christmas!” Now he’s dashing for the door. “Mrs. Hudson, I’ll be late - might need some food.”
“Sherlock!” She exclaims while throwing her arms around him.
“Yeah, but who is he?”
“Well thank God you’re above all that,” I say sarcastically as my phone beeps. I pull it out of my jacket pocket and glance at the screen: a text. It says “Baker Street. Come at once if convenient. -SH”.
“It means that when the police are out of their depth - which is
“I was right? Right about what?”
“No, she was leaving an angry note in German - of course she was writing Rachel! No other word it can be. Question is, why did she wait till she was dying to write it…”
“Who the hell are you? How do you know that??” I question, getting really frustrated now.
“You know what it was. You’ve read the papers.” I say.
“Who’s on forensics?”
“About an hour ago,” I tell him, failing to notice that he’s angry about something.
“Why?”
I put down the newspaper and I’m frowning. This Sherlock Holmes, who the hell is he? How could he know everything about me at just one quick glance? And now I think I’m falling for him, but I am
This chapter is a re-cap of Sherlock Holmes and John Watson's meeting. It isn't very different from the show. I will be changing more and more details as I get further into the story.
“Uh…” I look at her, deciding. “Baker Street. 221B Baker Street… but I have to stop somewhere first.” I follow her to the car and get in.
“You’re… angry?” I ask.
“Everything looks great! Your baby is perfectly healthy!” The doctor tells us.
“Are we done?” I burst, getting angry now.
“Ugh, Anderson won’t work with me,” Sherlock says, clearly a bit frustrated.
* * *
“You were thinking. It’s annoying.” Lestrade and John look at each other and Lestrade rolls his eyes as I advance towards the body.
(Sherlock's P.O.V.)
*  *  *
) which is wonderful.
“John! John Watson!'' said the voice. The man grabs John's hand and shakes it. “Stamford. Mike Stamford, we were at Barts together.”
“Not really, no. I just really hate the doctors.”
I’m thunderstruck, Ms. Hudson has a faint look of knowing on her face and Sherlock cheers. He’s extremely excited.
tell your boss that this is where I went?” I ask her before getting out.
Just wanted to say thank you again to everyone who's reading this. I have 23 reads and 3 kudos already! I'm so excited for this story and I have a lot of plans. I have decided to do the P.O.V. thing (as you will be able to see when you start reading) and I really liked it. Please let me know your thoughts on what I've written so far and your ideas for future chapters in the comments! All feedback and suggestions are welcomed and appreciated! I hope you enjoy this chapter and I'm hoping to have the next chapter out soon so stay tuned (:
“Well, of course it was. It was extraordinary. Quite extraordinary.”
“Most people blunder around this city, and all they see are streets and shops and cars… When you walk with Sherlock Holmes, you see the battlefield. You’ve seen it already, haven’t you?”
“Me, uh, I’m - I’m nobody. I’ve just met him.”
“Why are you saying that?” Lestrade asks me.
I feel even more humiliated than before. He just left?? “Right… right, yes sorry.” I say, sort of to myself, as I turn to go. I stop as I realize that I have no clue where I am. I turn back around and ask “Um, where am I?”
I gasp and my knees almost buckle as he slips his other hand under my belt, and down my pants, almost reaching my cock, straining against all the fabric.
“Like I need a shot.”
“Do you ever get to the point? You and Sherlock think that if I tell Mary I know that she was working for Moriarty and killed that MP in Canada, it’ll get me a bullet to the head –“
She lay in the dark, mentally planning the next day’s interview with Sherlock. She’d start with Anna Ashcroft – see if Sherlock had really recognized her name or if the drugs had made him loopy. She had several pictures of her on the laptop she could show Sherlock including a few graduation photos from the University of Ottawa. Not that she expected him to recognize her – she’d disappeared more than ten years earlier – and she wasn’t particularly memorable, just attractive in an ordinary sort of way like Mary.
John wakes early and stares up at the ceiling he can't quite see in the dark, and thinks about the day ahead. Breakfast first, then he has to pick up Sherlock’s present in town.  He’s found an early edition of John Hooke’s
“Yeah? So? What’s that got to do –”
“Chloe, it’s me. I’m really sorry about earlier. I promise I’ll explain everything. But right now, you need to listen. You need to . . .
He would have made an excellent poker player. If she wasn’t looking for it, she would never have seen it. The slightest intake of breath, a small narrowing of his eyes. But it confirmed what she suspected – he didn’t know. At least not for sure.
“Stop fidgeting.” Sherlock hands paused above the keyboard.
John sighed and turned to leave. “I’ll text you when I’m done.”
“Of course. But it describes the situation accurately. John is and will be forever questioning his decisions, his motives . . . not to mention mine . . .”
Sherlock laid one hand on John’s arm. “Last night. You said things. Things I choose to believe.”
The next email was harder.
The man blinked. “Sorry?”
She felt Sherlock’s hand on her shoulder. She grabbed her knees and took a deep breath.
“I know you're a prick, I’ve known it from the minute we met. I knew it when I agreed to move in here. I knew what I was doing that first night and I knew who I was doing it with. "
“Admit it John. Under all that congenial, soldiers-in-arms bluster, you must be feeling a bit, oh I don’t know, superior.”
John watched, fascinated. This was so un- Sherlock-like. Maybe he
She threw him a dirty look, grabbed the file she’d been reading earlier and took it back to John’s chair.
The man glanced at John (who’d never felt shorter and plainer) and back at Sherlock. John reached across Sherlock and extended his hand, “John Watson. I’m very sorry for your loss.”
“Yeah, looks like Kate beat me to the take-away. Taj Mahal?” Greg smiled. “The naan was right out of the oven.”
“Yes, someone broke the lens. The investigation turned up nothing
“If you’re sure – ”
“Deliberate.” He shifted in his chair and winced and held his arm against his chest. John made a move to get up, but Sherlock shook his head and John sat back down.
It was Sherlock who intrigued her the most. He stood a bit apart from the others, to the left of John. Wearing one of his robes over a purple silk shirt. Which was spotless, of course. His arms were crossed in front of him and he was staring at John and Violet. With what could only be called an adoring gaze. She zoomed in again and studied Sherlock's face. Definitely adoring. Whatever had transpired at Baker Street over the last few months had changed him. She couldn’t wait to text him and tell him he’d got it all wrong. Again. She wasn’t looking at a disaster. She was looking at a family.
The waitress set a glass of Chapinero on the table. He pulled a 20K note from his wallet to pay her and noticed the yellow and black bracelet tucked inside. He should have thrown it out when he found it in his trouser pocket the day Mycroft extracted him from the hotel, but his feelings for John had apparently transformed him into a sentimental lovesick girl. The fact that he thought of them as his “feelings for John” only confirmed it.
With John
The e-mail from Sherlock was a link to John’s blog. The subject line contained three words –
“Sure, no problem. But can I ask you something?”
“They’ve taken him for another CT. I should stay until he gets back –”
“Sorry I’m late. Traffic’s a mess. Let me take your suitcase.”
“It’s fine, dear. More than fine, it sounds like.” She set the plate on the table, leaned over and kissed him lightly on his cheek. “Thin walls, I’m afraid.”
She thought for a moment that he was going to tell her, but then she watched him shut down, retreat back into his head. “You should leave,” he said.
“And you’re a self-righteous bastard who can’t make up his mind who he wants to be with. Your wife shoots your boyfriend and she’s still your wife. How does that work exactly?” She regretted the words the moment she said them. She was supposed to be calming him down, not pissing him off.
Sherlock ran one finger around the rim of his glass. “Yes, I would say so.”
Kate looked up to see Sherlock staring at her.
a – the creepy governess in
Greg suspected this might be the real question. “Let’s start over, then. How does someone get Sherlock Holmes’ attention?”
Sherlock shifted in his chair and winced. “He was trying to discover your pressure point,” he said after a minute.
“Probably.” He didn’t sound convinced.
“I want to take her home with us,” John said. It was the first time he’d said it out loud and until that moment, he hadn’t been sure it was true.
The wind shifted and he wound his scarf a little tighter. Truth was, he was jealous of the dog, running as hard and as fast as he wanted, investigating every scent that piqued his interest. Those days were behind Sherlock, it had been years since he ran anywhere. Even walking was difficult now. Until last winter, he’d always managed the two mile hike to the village, carrying home the week’s provisions in a worn carrier bag. But in February, he fell on ice he never saw and broke his left ankle. Three hours in surgery, then three months in a wheelchair. He almost went mad from the boredom of it. Now he drove to the village in the ancient Bentley that Mycroft had thrust upon him when he moved here.
“The odds are in my favour, John.”
“I didn’t. Donovan did. She lives nearby and recognized the crest on the boy’s sweatshirt. She did make it clear, however, that her intention was to help you, not me. She sent the video to the head teacher. The child is called Ronan Pearce.”
She paused, a cup and saucer in one hand, and looked at him. “Yes, all right.” She handed him the dishes and her expression changed, hardened somehow and for a moment he imagined he saw a different Mrs. Hudson, the one who hadn’t always been a kind landlady. “You’d do well to clean up all your messes, young man.”
“Mrs. Hudson, what have you done?” Sherlock cinched his belt and glared.
It took Sherlock a month in Bogota to do what had to be done. His cover, as an expat Brit looking to make less than legitimate deals in software security, certainly suited his complexion. Mycroft, who had laid the groundwork ahead of Sherlock’s arrival, added a recently deceased wife to his backstory. It was cruel, but it gave Sherlock an excuse to act as miserable as he felt.
“You’re an idiot.”
“Also good. Busy. My solve rate’s been shot to hell of course. No pay rise this year, I’m sure.” A shadow crossed his face. “Sorry.”
“Hoo hoo,” she called from the doorway. “You boys enjoying a nice lie in this morning? Lovely thing on a Sunday.”
This must be one of Kate’s files, but why would she leave it here? He knew he had no business looking, but what if it was about Mary . . . what did Kate say her real name was? Anna?
She threw everything back in her purse, found the room key and headed downstairs.
Mycroft stopped a few feet from him. “John.”
John felt the kiss down to his toes. “Sherlock, I don’t think . . .”
Sherlock ignores me. It’s what he does. I quickly order enough food for both of us. I know the minute I don’t, I will surely be accused of trying to starve him to death. I toss the menu back on the pile and go into the kitchen to get plates.
John waits until Greg pulls away, starts to wave and pulls back his hand, feeling foolish. He drops the paper bag into the trash bin on the street, then slowly climbs the stairs to the empty flat.
“It’s just next door – 221b. I’ll go find a parking spot. Wait for me downstairs. We’ll go up together. ”
John hadn’t been back to The Blind Beggar since he began dating Mary. She’d said she was more the Starbucks/wine bar type. But Mary said a lot of things . . .
Greg didn’t answer. He swallowed the rest of his beer, picked up the empty glasses and headed back to the bar for refills. “Whiskey this round,” John called after him.
“Nothing.”
“Do you still see him?” Ella asked. She rarely asked questions, rarely said anything at all.
“A few years, sir.”
One more thing in case, well, just in case . . . look in on him from time to time, will you? Remind him to get on with things. Bring biscuits.
Sherlock sighed. “We’ve wasted so much time already.”
John’s face fell for an instant, and he tightened his jaw and composed himself, blanking his expression, moving his hand away.
“Did they?” he asked, and then more quietly, “Were you?”
“Yeah, well, Molly would read anything if she thought you wrote it.” John had not been happy to learn that Molly had known all along that Sherlock was alive.
It was time to go home.
He leaned over and opened the night table drawer. Empty pill bottles, two pencils, a credit card. And tucked in the corner, a yellow and black striped bracelet, like the kind hospital patients wore. He took it out and stared at it a minute.
“Where were we?” Sherlock asked between sips of tea. “Chloe is your girlfriend.” He paused and she nodded. “She led you to believe she was arriving tonight but didn’t. She claims she never sent the message. Is this correct?”
“Don’t fall for his parlour tricks,” Simon said. His tone was icy. “He’s as clueless as the rest of us.” Someone called Simon’s name from the vestibule and he turned and nodded. “I should go.” He reached inside his jacket pocket and removed a small white card.  “My number.”
“Lunch is ready!” Harry called up from the kitchen just as he was starting down the stairs.  She sounded exactly his like mother and for a moment he was ten again, heading down to tea, fingers crossed there would be enough biscuits left in the tin for everyone.
“Was that your special someone?”
“No, not
Sarah had always been so present, so
“She shot Sherlock. Why doesn’t anyone care about that?”
He walked carefully around to the back of the cottage to inspect the hives, checking the supply of honey that would keep the queens alive through the winter. After a while, the leaves crackled behind him. He didn’t turn around. “You’re late. Tea’s cold. I ate all the biscuits.”
“I’m sitting right here.”
John turned on his side and scooted closer to him. He reached out one arm, rested his hand against Sherlock’s hip as if to anchor him in his world, and slid into sleep.
“Sorry,” they both said and then Sherlock was taking the glass from John’s hand and pulling him up from the chair. He set the glass on the side table and leaned forward. He hesitated but John nodded and his mouth was on John’s again. John kissed him back, because this time it didn’t matter why Sherlock was kissing him, only that he was. When he pulled back there was a sigh falling from Sherlock mouth onto John’s lips and for a moment he looked at John liked he’d never seen him before, like he was something he never expected.
We're almost done here.  One more after this one....
John finished the tea and yawned. He stood and stretched, “I don’t know why I’m suddenly so sleepy.”
My arse is pressed against the table and I lift a bit and he pushes me onto it, taking one hand to sweep away everything, including the already forgotten tikka masala, onto the floor. He is relentless, roughly tugging my belt open, unzipping my trousers and shoving them down my legs. I struggle to get a better position on the table and he takes my cock in his mouth and my head falls back, hitting a saucer and the sugar bowl. I reach up, trying to bat them away and Sherlock reaches up and grabs my hand, entwining our fingers as he slides my cock in and out of his mouth. I squeeze his hand hard and my other hand reaches for his head. My legs are trapped in my trousers and pinned against Sherlock so all I can do is lift my arse as he takes my cock all the way to the hilt, sucking and scraping his teeth gently as his lips squeeze against the shaft. I bang my head again on the table, lost somewhere between coming and dying and I feel the vibration as Sherlock begins to growl against my cock and I can’t see anything and I can only feel the waves as I come in his mouth.
Kate continued. “Mary is here! You didn’t think you might mention that to me?”
“Really? That’s what you call it? Being
Mrs. Hudson joined her at the sink. “It’ll do you no good to wonder about that one. He’s been a mystery since he showed up at my husband’s second trial – calling the prosecutor an idiot, stealing the trial notes – I thought he’d escaped from the mental hospital.”
The vicar reappeared two weeks later.  He was leaning awkwardly against the wall, holding two Starbucks cups in a cardboard tray, when John stepped out of a cab in front of the flat.  “I thought –”
Mrs. Hudson came upstairs with tea a few hours later and woke her up with the news that John had called and Sherlock was doing better. The doctors were now talking about non-surgical solutions. Kate sighed and popped two biscuits in her mouth at once. Mrs. Hudson clucked and handed her a takeout menu from Speedy’s.
“Why are you still speaking?”
When Sherlock saw the gun and the small hand holding it, he estimated the probability that the boy would actually try to shoot him at less than 10%. In the unlikely event the boy pulled the trigger, he estimated the probability of being hit, given the distance between them, at less than 2%. So he stood his ground.
, Mycroft whispers.  You had a plan. A week to get your Bulgarian up to speed, a week to make contact, two weeks to get what Mycroft needed.
He lay back on the bed and closed his eyes. Was there someone he should call? Harry, maybe. Probably. But not until . . . later. He felt a bit guilty he didn’t want to see her, didn’t want to hear her awkward attempts at saying something heartfelt and meaningful. No doubt he’d end up trying to make
Anger flashed across the man’s face. “More than you deserved.”
To pass the time (and because she was more than a little curious) she began to scroll through Sherlock’s phone. A few pictures of the wedding. All conspicuously without Mary. No podcasts. No games. His inbox contained a few enquiries from prospective clients, the normal amount of spam, and confirmation of his latest Amazon order – all textbooks with esoteric titles, not a single bestseller among them. Her favourite was
“The results won’t change, no matter how many times you read them.”
John waited while he walked toward him. Crossed his arms. He wasn’t in the mood.
Sherlock walked past John to the door and looked through the peephole. “You’re not getting in until you stop all that noise.”
“Yes, I remember.” John unlocked the door and held it open. “Fine, fine.”  He was too tired to argue.
) and how detective had never been her first choice – she’d been accepted to medical school in Montreal, but dropped out during her first year – family issues, she explained. A few years later, she saw a recruiting ad for the RCMP in the back of a running magazine and signed up as a lark. “I blame
She kept looking but there was no sign of Mary’s texts or emails. No folder called “Clues.” She did find one called “John.” It was inside a folder named “Away” buried inside another called “Banking.”
She bent to pick up her bag.
John flinched. “Which part?”
Kate rolled her eyes. If this were a novel, she’d toss it against the wall because it was too ridiculous. She turned and walked into the kitchen. Found the scissors under a box of microscope slides and a badge case. She opened the case.
Her phone pinged a few moments later.
“For crying out loud, John, he’s trying to save your life.”
“Can we please just get back to John and why you haven’t told him about the – ”
“Sunday afternoon. I miss her too. You’d think I’d be more anxious to get home, but I feel like I’m walking away at half-time. I want to know how it all turns out. Sherlock is convinced Magnussen is the anti-Christ and he’s the only one who can set it right.”
“This is tedious and getting us nowhere. “ Mycroft lifted his mobile to his ear. “And we have no time for tedious.” He walked between John and Sherlock and turned toward the door.
.  Even I have a hard time showing interest. She continues, “We’re not as close as we used to be, but we talk every few days.”
“You do know what happens to people with babies?” Sherlock shuddered. And then pulled John close. “But, yes, it’s a yes. Because the thought of this child growing up without her father – the person she needs the most in her life – who is also the person I need most in my life, is untenable. What are we calling her?”
Sherlock pressed his hand against his chest. Kate knew it meant he was uncomfortable. She wondered if it was the injury or the subject. “I don’t know,” he said. “John, I . . .”
He tried to dismiss the thought – this was all a dream. It had to be. But if it wasn’t . . .
“I thought you were at Baker Street.” Greg stood. He didn’t want any kind of disadvantage with Sherlock today. “How’s John?”
“Harry wrote you a note. It was in the invit—”
The question seemed entirely random, and it surprised an honest answer from her. “A few. I like the new ones.”
Sherlock watched him go. “John?”
“I don’t know, maybe she could explain . . .”
“I suspect it’s your turn to forgive me. I said things I shouldn’t have. Mycroft – ”
Kate squeezed her eyes shut. “She’s not coming back.”
. . . but he knew if he tried to say any of them, they would all sound stupid and wrong . . .
“Ever think about becoming a therapist?” John said with a smile. “Pay’s better.”
“Who said? What’s your name?”
“Oh, John,” she said, refilling her glass. “It’s not in your nature to be happy. You must know that by now.”
The shadows were long and low when Sherlock woke up in his new favourite position – naked and tangled in sheets. He reached over for John but the bed was empty. He felt a moment of panic until he heard noises from the kitchen and recognised the sounds of the toaster, the hiss of the kettle. He checked his phone. Four o’clock. A little more than two hours until he’d find out if what he’d done last night had made a difference. If there was a still an explosion, he’d have to start over, find another way.
Sherlock leaned forward. “What do you plan to do with this . . . insight . . . about Mary? You must know you’re not the first person who has stumbled upon the truth?”
He tried to sit up straighter and brushed nothing from his trouser leg. He watched out of the corner of his eye as Sherlock scrubbed his own face, letting out a heavy sigh.
Sherlock’s phone vibrated and she dug it out of her pocket. Chloe. She was in Montreal with her mother – which Kate knew she would pay for later. She felt better than she had in days when she read the final bit of the text –
Sherlock shook his head. “When I was . . . away . . . I couldn’t tell you because it was too dangerous, and then it was too late.”
“There are plenty of girlfriends still out there, I imagine.”
“Not with me, no.”
Kate stood and set the bottle on the table next to the bed. “Every time I say something, you two look at each other. It’s fucking irritating.”
“You know him?” Before he could answer, she added, “Of course you know him. Our little visit was . . . interesting. I got the distinct impression he sees himself as Sherlock’s keeper.”
Sherlock inched it toward John. “Go ahead.”
Sherlock turned and pulled John to his chest. The smirk on his face made John’s chest feel hot and his concern fade. Sherlock took one of John’s hands and pulled it to his mouth. John’s eyes closed as Sherlock kissed his palm.
“She calls herself an office manager but I reckon it’s closer to receptionist. Answers the phone, makes appointments, that sort of thing.” She looks at Sherlock hopefully. She clearly expects great things from the small slivers of information she is feeding him. “I spoke to her office and they said she’s on holiday. She’s never gone away without telling me.”
As if on cue, Sherlock’s mobile rings and I reach over and grab it from him. He scowls at me but makes no move to take it back.
She let her purse slide off her shoulder to the floor. She turned, hesitated, and sank into Sherlock’s chair. “When Chloe didn’t show up at the airport, I called her. She never left Ottawa. When I asked her if she missed her flight, she had no idea what I was talking about. Someone set me up. If it wasn’t Mary, then who the hell was it?”
“Have you lost your bloody mind?” He began pacing. “
While I continue to look around (I prefer to call it
After the funeral, he bought a new leather strap for his father’s watch and wore it every day. Sometimes, in the evenings, when he was alone and it was finally quiet, he would hold the watch against his ear and remember.
“Come on, Sherlock. Read the headline. Identical twins . . . double murder? You said you were bored.”
He dragged the covers off the floor, and twisted himself up in them, squeezing his eyes shut as tight as he could. He felt a fool for believing any of it had been real until the door flew open and John walked through the door, a cup of steaming tea in one hand, a newspaper in the other. The dog jumped off the bed and disappeared through the open door.
. Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Trite,” he muttered too loudly. John shushed him.
“Sarah’s?”
The next week, he showed the e-mail to Dr. Thompson.
“She is obviously a distraction,” he says.
– but she felt a bit pervy and wandered back into the living room.
He ran down to Speedy’s, picked up a plate of lasagna and three beers. He ate quickly and sat back in his chair, files on his lap. No, this was definitely not about Mary. This was about a girl called Sarah . . .
“I might be able to point you to several rather incriminating wire transfers to a numbered company in Ottawa from a relative of the owner of the mining company. It was called Wild Rose Resources, I believe.”
His phone vibrated in his pocket and he pulled it out – Molly’s number. Probably trying to find Sherlock.
“To work? Next Monday.” He stands and straightens his tie. “You never said who was looking for her.”
“What do you think?”
She pulled the ring from her pocket.  Slipped it on her finger.  Her ring finger. It slid down her knuckle, resting against the one already there – silver with two small garnets, her Christmas/engagement present from Chloe. She stared at the rings and tears fell again. She squeezed her eyes shut and tried to find a place where her past and future didn’t crash together, destroying everything. She felt consumed by the
She stopped a block from her apartment. Collapsed onto the nearest bench and cried. Into Sherlock’s fancy South American scarf, she wept for Sarah, for herself, for the terrible waste of a beautiful life. Their beautiful life.
John collected the papers from the table and put them back into the folder with shaking hands. He stood, a little unsteady from the whiskey, and left the pub. It took him a long ten minutes to find a cab.
“Thanks.”
He undressed and brushed his teeth. He stared at himself in the bathroom mirror for a moment, wondering what Sherlock saw when he looked at him. The last four months had taken a toll. If Harry was to be believed, at least.
Party’s off, thank god. I convinced him to cancel my birthday party. I’m not sure where the idea for the party came from (Sherlock’s never willingly played host in his life) but he’s agreed to cancel with only a few hours of pouting. I’m relieved. I’ve watched enough telly to know that when you have a birthday party for a dying man, it’s not a lot of fun. People feel the need to say deep, thoughtful things about the meaning of life. Which all end up sounding like complete bollocks. Plus I’d have to act noble and stoic, and I am neither of those things. Still, I’m glad it’s me. I’ve thought a lot about what I would do if it was him. I wouldn’t tell him this, but I’m not sure I could live without him. I mourned him for a very long time once, and I know I can’t do it again. He’ll do fine without me. He has his research and his writing and his bees (don’t get me started on those damned bees). Does that make sound like a selfish wanker? Probably. But I’m getting ahead of myself. Borrowing trouble, Mum called it, do you remember?
“You can wallow all you want when you are at home recovering.”
“Like your brain is on fire.”
“Sure. If you let me pick your brain about Sherlock Holmes.”
She bought another coffee and an alarmingly bright yellow lemon curd tart and wrote up her notes while she ate. Something didn’t make sense – Magnussen was rich and powerful and dangerous – so why was he bothering with Mary Morstan? What had Mycroft said
John’s mouth fell open. “When did you learn Chinese?”
“Hannah Bantry in the Pantry. An obscure choice. Since Professor Sutton is dead, it might be wise to determine who sent this one.”
With a sigh, Sherlock tapped on the third name on the list.
John glanced at the clock – 6:30 – and wondered again if he should have gone with Sherlock to meet Kate. But she would’ve had a hundred questions for him and he was fresh out of answers.
Sherlock took a long breath. “Girlfriends.”
John perched on the edge of the bed facing him. Sherlock crossed his legs and his hands moved to their usual position, fingers steepled, elbows cocked.
She opened her computer and read through the files again. She recognized just how flimsy the evidence looked at first glance. It was hard to put into words the feeling she’d had – a kind of electric hum – the first time she’d stumbled across a possible link between Moriarty and the dead MP, Peter Goodale. The police had never identified a suspect and had always assumed his murder was a carjacking that ended badly. “Does a carjacking ever end well?” she’d asked the detective who’d led the investigation ten years ago. She sighed, closed the computer and tried to shake off the feeling that Sherlock Holmes would see her for exactly what she was. A complete amateur.
Sherlock pressed a hand to his neck and tried to stand.
If he really had less than twenty-four hours to live, was it too much to ask that it be sunny?  Being poisoned and soaked to the skin on the same day seemed to John a bit of cosmic overkill.
, laughed when they found out about the pregnancy. She drank him under the table, and fucked him on top of it. And Mycroft bloody Holmes had nothing to say about any of it. This was between him and Mary.
His dream. He shook his head. He must still be dreaming. He lay back down, pulled the covers up and closed his eyes tight. He would just wait until he woke up properly.
. And what did Sherlock do with that information?Took a header off a rooftop in front of him. Let him grieve for two years. Let him marry someone else.
At first, John put all Sherlock’s fidgeting down to impatience. But there was something else there, in the way Sherlock’s eyes followed him as he paced around the hotel room. And then he understood that Sherlock was nervous. For the first time since they’d met, he wasn’t taking John’s devotion as a given. He was actually afraid that John might not forgive him. The cold weight that had been pressing down on John’s chest for the last four months began to lift.
“I just think . . .”
“Oh right. Poor Sherlock.”
She followed two doctors and a nurse out of the elevator into the ICU. She heard voices coming from Sherlock’s room. She slowed down and listened. John, obviously upset. And . . . Mycroft Holmes. All syrup and snoot. She stopped just outside the door and leaned against the wall. She poked her head around and saw John standing, hands fisted at his side. Sherlock’s bed was empty; they must have taken him for another scan.
“You don’t mind?”
As she read, the picture she had of Mary Morstan, international assassin, began to change. This was a woman who was alone, scared, and having a baby on her own . . . or was she? The most interesting text had been sent to Mary yesterday morning. From the same number she’d seen over and over.
Greg grabbed a beer from the fridge, and sat on the chair at the desk. “So he’s back to himself then?”
“Here you go, mate.”
"Morning," Sherlock rasps, his voice rough with sleep. He turns towards John and leaves a trail of wet kisses along his collarbone, “Do we have time?”
John got out of bed and turned on the floor lamp. The pale yellow light threw long shadows across the floor. “I’ll get your tea. Stay there.” He reached down on the floor for his trousers. He turned and saw Sherlock watching him.
She suspected a visit to North Korea could be arranged more easily than this.
“No, I need to focus, John.” Sherlock winced and shifted again in his chair. He waved his hand. “I’ll take a pill later.”
John knew he needed to sleep. But he couldn’t. Not yet. No matter how tired he was, there was something he needed to do first. He stood on the pavement outside St. Bart’s, looking for an empty cab. It was only five, but the sun had already set, the air tight and cold. She’d be home by now, making tea, listening to the news on the telly. When he first moved in with Mary, it had surprised him to find out how much he enjoyed the routine of their lives. Up at 6, to work at 7, home by 5, in bed by 10. It was everything that life with Sherlock wasn’t, and everything he needed. No matter what Sherlock believed.
He scrubbed a hand across his face and tried to feel the pain meds working. They weren’t. He tried to imagine scenarios that would end with this turning out well. He couldn’t. For a brief second he thought of Sherlock, sitting alone at Baker Street, staring at his empty chair with a needle full of Bellamy’s heroin in his arm. He opened his eyes and tried to sit up. It wasn’t easy but he managed to swing his legs off the bed. He gripped the sheets and touched his feet on the floor. He turned to the door and  saw Sherlock standing there, watching him.
“Tell him I’ll be right back.” He hurried down the hall to the front entrance.
“He wasn’t important until an hour ago, was he?”
There was never an official count of the dead. The internet and television went out long before a final number ribboned across the remaining screens. The one thing I do know is that I’ll never have to wait in line for anything ever again. The bodies all disappeared, spirited away by some cosmic SOCO team in the middle of the night.  I’d like to send someone a thank you note for that – the alternative’s a little too Stephen King for me. Sherlock said it was proof that Mycroft was still alive. No one else was that efficient.
The lights were on in 221B and he slowly pushed the door open. John sat in his chair, laptop balanced on his lap, sipping a whisky. Sherlock’s heart took an extra beat as John turned toward him, smiling.
“He called it a dance once. What he and I did. I was so sure of myself, so fucking arrogant, that I let him lead. It was the only thing that mattered. But it didn’t matter. And then it was too late. For me. For us.”
Mycroft never said if there was a funeral for you. You watched John at your grave, equal parts relieved and disappointed he hadn’t worked it out. Playing dead was the only way out. And the only way in. But you miscalculated. Never expected Moriarty to be a knot even you can’t untie. Never guessed that leaving would be so hard. Because you’re a bloody machine, isn’t that what John said?
Kate poured tea for herself and placed two cookies on a saucer for Sherlock. She set them on the table beside his chair and tried not to stare longingly at the Starbucks cup.
John put his hands up and scrubbed his palms hard across his face, like he was trying to shake a bad dream.  “Molly rang.” Sherlock’s face brightened a bit, until John added, “No joy there, I’m afraid. You?”
“I’m not staying with him. I’m staying at his flat.” And should he really be the one lecturing her on compromising objectivity? “And it’s only for a day or two, Greg.” Kate leaned in the car window. “Until we get the rest of this mess figured out and I can go home.”
But it was all lies. His and John’s and especially Mary’s. He should have known. Another miscalculation – only this one sent him to hospital. Twice. He didn’t think John would ever get over it. John came back to Baker Street. But not to him. The chance that it would end well flew out the window the minute he’d allowed Mycroft to erase the past. Their past. The present, built upon a truth within a lie wrapped in another lie, would have to be enough. The only person Sherlock Holmes had ever cared about was John Watson. Surely his happiness, whatever form it might take, was enough.
– a woman, mid-thirties, attractive in a pleasant, bakes her own bread, environmental warrior sort of way, sits in the chair between Sherlock and me and tells us her story. She hasn’t heard from her sister in a fortnight.
“Thank you.” In her head, she ran through the list of reports and proposals she’d submitted in the last few months.
A shard of lightning cracked, and John automatically counted in his head, one thousand-one, one thousand-two, one thousand-three, before the thunderclap sounded. Mike stopped speaking, looked up and attempted a joke about how brilliant Sherlock was – even dead, he’d found a way to piss on everyone. John was the only one who laughed.
She sat up, shook her head. “I didn’t see it, I wanted to believe that she –” S
Sherlock staggered back a step, but recovered quickly. He pressed his hand to his mouth and looked down to see if he was bleeding. He tilted his head and looked at John. “What was that for?” he said, sounding more curious than angry. “Change of heart?”
“So you would let me go on thinking it was my child. For how long?”
Sherlock pulled his thumb from John’s mouth. “You’ll have to sleep with me, John.”
“Two weeks after . . . so like November last year?”
“Promise me this plan of yours will work.”
The apocalypse was well, apocalyptic. No plagues or alien invasions. No zombies. Hollywood got it all wrong.  Turns out if you cram enough disease, hurricanes, tsunamis, tornadoes, droughts and fires into one summer, the planet can’t cope.
“Oh I can think of plenty to say to you right now.” Kate stood and walked to the couch. “I hope you haven’t been an ass to John, too, today. He doesn’t deserve it.”
“Football. Player from the other team fell on me.”
“Tell me something good.”
A young girl – Sumeet’s daughter, he guessed – brought them a pot of tea and two cups. “Peace offering,” Sherlock said. He nodded at Sumeet who was standing behind the counter drying glasses. He got the barest hint of a shrug in return. “Sumeet may hold a grudge, but he also knows I didn’t tell Lestrade everything. Where would I eat if his mother was incarcerated?”
Molly shuffled through her files. She’d avoided eye contact with him since he and Sherlock had come to the lab looking for answers. John recognised that look from Afghanistan – the helpless guilt of the living in the face of the dying.
Two hours later, he was standing across the street from the staff entrance at Barts. He leaned against the stone wall of the car park, smoking a cigarette and checking his phone. At six, Molly walked out, buttoning up her jacket, an oversize purse slung over her shoulder. No sign of Moriarty. She walked to the bus stop, checked her watch, then looked down the street to see if the bus was coming.
And now he thought about her all the time. Or so it seemed. Small things reminded him—the smell of cabbage, lace curtains blowing through an open window, the theme music from
“I said sit down.”
Kate sat facing him in Sherlock’s chair. John sipped his tea and looked past her out the window. She turned on the phone, scrolled through the texts, and tried to come up with something to say. Something safe that wouldn’t piss him off or let some secret slip. She’d never cheated on any of her girlfriends, but she imagined this must be what it was like. She had so much to keep straight – John didn’t know about the baby, but he did know Sherlock had cloned Mary’s phone and was having her followed. She couldn’t remember if she’d told either of them that Mycroft admitted that Mary worked for him too. She knew for sure that John had no idea just how much Sherlock loved him.
“Pack your bags,” he said. He looked ridiculously pleased with himself and for a horrified moment she thought he was asking her out.
Mycroft slipped his phone in his pocket and joined Sherlock as he hurried down the hall.
That’s when he noticed the light. It was streaming in from the window to the right of his bed. He didn’t have a window to the right of his bed. Not anymore. Not since 221 . . .
“I don’t know,” she said. “I love Chloe. But I loved Sarah too.” She wiped a hand across her eyes. “Fucking hell, Sherlock.”
Mrs. Hudson chuckled as she headed toward the kitchen.
“I mean the pub. It’s near –”
“Not sure I do. Is he from ’round here?”
“Don’t be ridiculous. You could fit all of Manchester United in that bed.” He said it without thinking, but it felt right.
“So what are we going to do?” John said quietly.
The truth is more complicated.
“If you tell her you know about her connection to Moriarty – what do you think happens then?”
He’d been home from hospital for two weeks. Mrs. Hudson continued to hover, making tea and touching his shoulder each time she passed. They’d never identified who poisoned John or sent the nursery rhymes or left the antidote at the gallery, but John suspected whoever it was would be back, sooner or later.
. He pictured Sherlock reading to his daughter, all the books he’d been too serious to read as a child. It was stupid and sentimental and it broke his heart every time.
“The box is in the top drawer, John. Left hand side. Open your bloody eyes,” Sherlock shouted at him from the kitchen. The search was on for Sherlock’s new box of microscope slides. They’d been delivered the day before and hadn’t been seen since.
Kate. Fuck. It was probably Kate. Kate
*****
Sherlock slowly pulled himself out of his chair and moved to sit beside John on the couch. It left him sweating and breathless and she knew from the way he was holding one arm tightly across his chest that he was in considerable pain. His other hand rested on John’s leg.
“Good flight?” he asked.
“Yeah . . .”
“Sorry,
tedious and I am bored (or perhaps I’ve been working with Sherlock too long), I am careless with her feelings. “Any reason to think she’s thrown herself into the Thames?”
“It wasn’t my place.”
John said, “I’m just your friend,” and you said, “I don’t have friends.”
It started slow.  Sherlock pressed his lips against John. John wrapped his hand around Sherlock’s neck and pulled him closer. Sherlock rested a hand on John’s hip. John forced Sherlock’s mouth open and deepened the kiss and Sherlock sighed against John’s lips.
John opened the front door of the flat.  Banks was standing there, an umbrella in one hand, a green carrier-bag in the other.
He didn’t expect that. “Are you really here to plead his case?”
“Isn’t it?”
“You know I can come back later.” Lestrade sighed and stood. “You two are somewhere else today.” He checked the time on his phone. “I’m off duty in an hour,” he said as he slipped the phone back into his pocket. “Why don’t you meet me at the Queen’s Arms at eight? You can buy me a pint and tell me how the hell there were no footprints near the body.”
She had a sense of déja vu the next morning as she waited for Lestrade on the sidewalk outside her hotel. She’d half expected a call saying she’d been put off again. She’d stayed up late, going over her notes and reading John Watson’s blog. She’d made it up to the case he called “The Hound of Baskerville” before finally falling asleep.
. Lestrade must have told him this was why she was here, but she still saw something like surprise flash across his face. “And now it’s an 8,” he said. She had no idea what he meant.
“I need a drink more.” He closed his eyes and laid back his head against the seat.
Donovan appeared at his office door, coffee mug in one hand, plastic evidence bag in the other. She looked as tired as he felt.
Sherlock later thought of those years –his disappearance and his return – as his dark ages. He’d spent hundreds of days chasing ghosts, following leads, drowning in the despair that he would never make it back. He spent most nights trying to find a reason not to slide into the haze of a hit.
Sherlock hated how Mycroft’s questions always sounded as if he already knew the answers. It had taken him a good part of his life to understand that Mycroft was often as clueless as he was. He just managed to hide it better.
“Most people are.”
Sherlock stood and started to clear away the tea cups. John stared.
(was that even a word?), was worrying.  He suggested it was proof of nothing except an over-developed sense of the dramatic on the part of whoever sent it. Mycroft argued the text was compelling evidence that John hadn’t stepped accidently into the path of a poisoned dart.
John, reaching out his hand as he tumbled into the darkness.
“He stayed with you through all of this?”
She sighed and closed the notebook. “I’m sorry, but if I have to listen to one more story about how your wicked sister teased you, or how horrid all the masters at school were, I’ll scream. You came to see me because your best friend – your boyfriend, for crying out loud – threw himself off a building in front of you, so for God’s sake, stop wasting my time and talk about
“— after mine.”
“If you’re wrong, Sherlock, I’m going to look like a complete ass. Again.” She punched in Chloe’s number and waited. John was right, Sherlock looked like crap. Worse than he had all day. But he had been cut in two from gunshot wounds and surgeries, so what did she know?
Rosie was a nurse now, with two teenage children and an ex-husband to whinge about. Her text said she was bringing John by for a visit today. Before lunch, she promised. “Give you two a chance to catch up.” Sherlock couldn’t decide if she was being ironic, what could they possibly have to catch up on? Neither of them did anything worth talking about. “I’ll be back to fetch him after tea.” Only he never showed up and it was half-four already. He sighed. Next week, then. Nothing to be done about it.
Twice he’d started a letter to Molly – they had arranged a mail drop in Holborn before he left London. Even Sherlock understood gratitude, and although he’d never actively practiced it before, he’d agreed to send her a post card every few weeks. Blank of course, but she’d know and it would be enough.
“The baby?”
“Your son was well on his way to ruin before he met John.” Sherlock reached across the desk and grabbed Sutton by the collar. “What’s in the poison?”
“Don’t be stupid. He doesn’t know anything but he’ll act as your liaison with Scotland Yard. We’ve arranged for you to meet with Sherlock Holmes. It wasn’t easy, so don’t waste the opportunity.”
Sherlock laughed and kissed him quickly. “I think the term is
“Your choice.”
Mycroft’s face lost all traces of a smile. “Not advisable John.” He sighed. “I didn’t want to have to do this, you know.”
Sherlock brushed John’s hand away. “I’m fine.” He struggled to swing his legs off the bed. “I require a cup of tea and a shot of morphine.”
“He needs to rest.”
“Fine. You win.” John said. “You always bloody win.”
It also helped him to think of John’s wedding as another assignment. His cover was supportive friend, helpful best man. He identified a spare room in his mind palace to house the hurt, and went on to make seating arrangements, fold napkins, choose flowers.
Sherlock grabbed each end of the robe’s belt and pulled John toward him. “Mine, actually. Kate’s given me a lovely little case to solve –her other significant other. Murdered five years ago. A case that in normal circumstances would merit no more than a five. But I’ve decided to help her.” He kissed John again, then pushed him away, smiling. “And I’ve cooked breakfast for us, John. It’s the dawn of a new age.”
Kate shifted uncomfortably in the chair. “Magnussen can’t be the only one who knows about Mary. Do you plan to do battle with them all?”
“You’ll what?” Even though I can’t see his face, I can hear the smirk in his voice. He starts walking slower just to bug me.
I’ve made my way over to the main road and I’m trying to catch a cab. There are so many people pushing past me and none of the cabs are stopping. As I’m trying to walk through the busy street, I hear a telephone ringing. I look around to try and find where it’s coming from. I turn towards a little convenience store where there's a payphone ringing. When an employee went to pick it up, it stopped. I continued walking down the street. I’m about to cross the street when a telephone booth starts ringing. Could they be trying to contact me? No, that’s stupid. I walk past it and it stops ringing. I walk back over to it and it starts ringing again. This is strange. I go into the booth and pick up the phone.
In this chapter, Sherlock starts feeling some of the early symptoms of pregnancy and they find out that he's pregnant.
John and I have been dating for a year now and I couldn’t be happier. We kiss a lot now since we decided that’s something we do. There’s also some occasional sex (well, I say
?” I question, almost laughing.
“Four. There’s been a fourth. And there’s something different this time…”
“What? Yes, yes I’m fine.”
- I'm writing a book! It's an original work that I hope to publish someday.
(Sherlock’s P.O.V.)
“Got anything?” Lestrade asks, breaking the silence.
“Pink!” I exclaim, rushing out of the house, completely forgetting about John and leaving him behind.
“Could it be,” He continues, ignoring me. “That you’ve decided to trust Sherlock Holmes, of all people?”
“Jawnnn,” I whine, writhing in my bonds.
“You know, we have a whole team outside -” Lestrade informs me.
“No, Sherlock! It’s not just the pen! You make me go to the shops to get milk, you call me here when I’m doing something just so I can pass you something or lend you my phone.” He yells.
“Sure.” She replies, without even looking up from her phone.
think, don’t you?”
“Is there any point in asking where I’m going?”
“I didn’t know. I saw. The haircut and the way you hold yourself says military - but your conversation as you entered the room - says you trained at Barts. So, army doctor. Obvious! Your face is tanned, but there’s no tan above the wrists. You’ve been abroad, but no sunbathing. Your limp is really bad when you walk, but you don’t ask for a chair when you stand, like you’ve forgotten about it - so it’s at least partly psychosomatic. That says the circumstances of the original injury were traumatizing - wounded in action then. Wounded in action, a suntan. Afghanistan or Iraq?”
“You weren’t outside, so I decided to park the car. We can talk here as well as anywhere.” He sounded annoyed.
The shot helped. The charge nurse shooed everyone from the room except Sherlock who refused to leave. Over the next half hour, the pain in John’s belly went from a paralysing nine to a manageable two. Sherlock retreated back to the window, staring outside. It had started to rain again.
"The only thing I excel at is the work. Everything else I have ever attempted ended in disaster.” Sherlock smiled faintly. “I am, by all reliable accounts, a complete prick."
“—A local fellow will pick you up at Heathrow and take you to see him. I don’t remember his name, Le-something or other. Sounds French. A DI at New Scotland Yard.”
She nodded. She had no idea what he was talking about, but she’d learned early never to let on.
Instinctively, she left the armchair to John. She dragged one of the chairs from the desk and positioned it between Sherlock and the armchair. She went to retrieve her computer from her bag by the door.
She turned back to face him. “Really? That’s what you took away from that?”
“Why?”
Sherlock stood and turned to face John. “Yes, it is the most ridiculous, ill-advised, shortsighted thing the two of us will ever attempt. I predict the probability of failure at an all time high. The presence of Mrs. Hudson adds a scant twelve percent on the positive side, but that doesn’t really swing the pendulum any closer.”
at him.
Old John.
His stomach cramped again, worse than before, and he doubled over, fighting waves of nausea and dizziness. “Jesus bloody Christ,” he hissed through the pain. He closed his eyes and felt a prick in his arm and for a short, stupid minute he thought it was another dart and he tried to pull away, but then he felt Sherlock’s hand on his shoulder and Sherlock’s voice in his ear, whispering to him shakily that he would fix this.
Sherlock poured a cup and took it to the table. He moved aside the newspaper to make room and saw the cigar box lying open underneath. He closed it quickly and set it on the counter behind him.
“On the counter.”
John’s face turned red and he stared at something above Sherlock’s head. “It was slow.”
“Yes, Mother.”
“You know how fucked up that sounds, right?” He looked down at Sherlock. “We need to have a conversation, Sherlock. The one we should have had months ago.” He sat down on the edge of the bed.
He looked confused. “Oh, you mean 999. No, not yet.” He lifted Sherlock’s head and felt for what was causing the bleeding. “He’s got a gash on the side of his head – more blood than real damage, I’d wager.”
“No. No. How . . .” John felt as if he were back on the pavement outside Bart’s. “You drugged me and then let me think . . .”
“Oh, for crying out loud, Sherlock. Just tell me what the hell happened.”
service.”
John handed him the laptop when he was done and for a while, the sound of Sherlock working while he tidied the kitchen made things seem almost normal.
Kate stood. “I will not sit here and let you turn her death into a game.”
When Sherlock came out of the bedroom, John was sitting in his chair, Lestrade had pulled a kitchen chair next to him, a file folder open on his lap. He looked so . . . well, young. Everyone was just so . . . young.
With a sigh, she checked her watch – twenty-one hours left to wait. She drank what was left of her coffee and headed back to the hotel. She wanted sleep and a shower and a decent meal. Not necessarily in that order.
Later in bed, when the silence between them stretches into minutes, Sherlock asks, “Everything all right, John?” He says things like that now, not often, but often enough to remind John that he’s paying attention.
In the morning, Sherlock’s side of the bed was empty again – he was sitting in the armchair by the window smoking a cigarette, John’s roadmap of Britain spread over his lap like a blanket.
Kate leaned back, closed her eyes and rubbed her temples. “I need something stronger.”
No need for small talk, apparently. “Yes, thank you. He’s sending it up the chain. Should have an answer back from him in a couple of days.”
“It’s close. And the tikka masala’s not terrible.”
He walked to the door, reached in his pocket and gave her a £20 note. “Buy some champagne. The good stuff.” He laughed. “As good as £20 will get.” He kissed her quickly on the cheek. “Thank you.”
“Yes, really. Money is also a strong motivator. As is jealousy, grief, anger . . . shall I go on?”
Sherlock takes my shoulders and spins me around. I really just want to tackle him to the floor. It’s become a problem – shagging in inappropriate venues. And the supposed murder scene of a supposed whistle blower is surely inappropriate.
He clicked the phone off and looked up. “What is it?”
The black sedan was still parked in front of 221B. She’d noticed it earlier when she’d looked out the window while waiting for Sherlock to change. As she closed the door behind her, the back door of the sedan opened and a man – tall, well-dressed, familiar – stepped out.
Mycroft didn’t answer, took a long look at John’s face, and tapped on the window. The car pulled away from the kerb.
“So no chance then.”
John considered pretending he didn’t hear, but Greg had already arched one eyebrow.
John took her arm and steered her towards the door. “Good night, Mrs. Hudson. I’ll keep an eye on him. No worries.” He closed the door behind her and leaned back against it.
“And you didn’t tell me?”
He bent down to kiss the top of her head and inhaled the sweet/sour scent that he loved. Molly was right. Of course she’d be fine. She was a Watson. Watsons excelled at being fine.
From:
Sherlock leaned up on one elbow, staring at John. “I haven’t forgotten.” He leaned down and kissed John.
She left them sitting there and headed downstairs. Surely Mrs. Hudson had something stronger than tea to offer. She’d kill for a glass of wine and a joint. Not much chance of that, she guessed.
*****
The cabbie looked back at him in the rear view mirror. “It’s like that, then, is it? A bit of a domestic?”
She had the sinking feeling she was about to be sent back to the hotel. But then Mrs. Hudson came in with a tray of tea and cookies and she understood that he was trying to make up his mind. “You might as well have tea. Then we’ll see,” he said. “Greg, you want tea?”
Sutton frowned. “He ruined my son.”
It was more than all right. For as long as it lasted, it was the most glorious game John had ever played.
Sherlock frowned. He walked a step into the room and took John’s arm. John wanted to wriggle away, but he knew he’d fall on his face, so he leaned into Sherlock. “I mean it – I will not be an excuse for you to fuck up your life.”
Later, they’ll pull apart Christmas crackers and wear crowns made of tissue paper while they eat turkey and potatoes and roasted parsnips and something Clara saw on an American cooking show called “green bean casserole.” Only she can’t find tinned green beans, so it will be mushy peas made into something even mushier. It will not be a success.
“She withdrew £500 at a cash machine in Brixton the day before she supposedly went on vacation.  Nothing on her credit card since and she hasn’t made any calls from her mobile. No record of her on any flights out of the UK in the past three weeks.”
“Beekeeping, John. It’s fascinating. The hotel offers a tour.”
“You always have tea after a curry.”
“I’m not kidding,” John said. “I can’t do this. Like this.”
Sherlock stands at the end of the bed and slips out of his robe. Yes, he still managed to find a robe. It’s terrycloth and says Manchester United on the chest, but it’s a robe. And when he turns away from me and it hangs at his elbows, and he gently shakes his arms and it falls to the floor, I am hard in a moment. I tear off whatever clothes I have on like the fire brigade.
Sherlock looks stunned and I wish I knew where the closest alley was  . . .
“Yes, I know.” Sherlock took Kate by the shoulder and pushed her toward the door. “Give my best to Claire.”
Sutton drew a knee into Sherlock’s groin and they smashed against the desk. Sutton grabbed a letter opener and jabbed it into Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock’s hand flew to his neck and Sutton crawled away towards the gun. Sherlock rolled the other way, pulled the opener from his neck, blood already starting to spurt, and crawled around the front of the desk.
“Were you ever there with him?”
“What does this have to do with your  . . . oh . . .” John stopped talking because the answer he wanted, but had never expected, had been tangled up in all the odd details. “You mean you’re actually . . . you’re not . . . you do understand what this means, right?”
“A parhelion.” Typical. He explains one word I don’t understand with a bigger one.  I swat him and he sighs. The sigh of a man forced to live with an idiot. “It’s an optical illusion created when the sun’s rays pass through ice crystals at the correct right angle.”
He didn’t know. Close enough to Sherlock Holmes to stand beside him, but not close enough to know the truth.
Charlotte Sinclair, or Dark Raven, as she asked to be called, sat in John’s chair, sipping John’s tea. Sherlock paced between the door and the table. John sat in Sherlock’s chair, trying not to notice the girl’s dirty fingers wrapped around the teacup. The way her leg was always in motion, the sores on her arms, her perfectly straight teeth.
“Sometimes you have to accept that God knows best. That you don’t always get what you want, just because you ask.”
All Sherlock could do, after poring over every file in every room of his mind palace, was whisper, “Hi John.”
“Doesn’t like naps I take it.”
“Then he should act less like my nurse and more like my – ” His voice trailed off.
“I won’t,” Sherlock said, his voice low and rough. “I’m not a cock-tease like Simon.”
Shut down again. Kate sighed and walked back into the living room. Why was she still here? Coin toss aside, of course. She’d spent the last few days alternating shifts at the hospital with John and filling her notebook full of scribbles and theories and not much else. She’d resolved not to say anything about Magnussen or Mary or the baby to Sherlock until he was better. To pass the time, they played chess when he was up to it and hearts when he wasn’t. She brought him cookies and tea and in a weak moment, probably brought on by too much morphine and not enough John, he explained how he’d managed the fall from the roof. “It was quite easy, really,” he said with a small smile. “It was leaving him that was hard.”
“Did he know how you felt?”
Sherlock slipped his phone into his dressing gown. “I told him we were busy.” He walked back into the kitchen and closed John’s laptop. “I hope you won’t prove me a liar.”
And then he read Molly’s.
?” She was pretty sure that’s not what John called those two years. She probably shouldn’t have said it, but the man had just stolen her coffee.
The flat was dim, the curtains still drawn over the big windows. John switched on the lamp by the door. “I’m going to put the kettle on and get dressed. Then you can tell me your brilliant plan.” His mother had always claimed that there were few things that couldn’t be made better by a cup of strong tea. She also believed that fairies lived in the woods behind their house and that the BBC listened to their conversations through the wireless.
Sherlock nodded. He stripped down to his pants and lay down on the bed, close to the edge, pulling the sheet over him. He was asleep before John had a chance to pull up the duvet.
“Wait.” Kate sat up. Tried to breathe. Why in the hell would Sarah have a bank account that she didn’t know about? Who was paying her five thousand dollars a month . . .
John rubbed the bridge of his nose. “Mycroft sent a car.”
Two e-mails from their real estate agent in Toronto.
John doubted Greg would let him say no. “Sure. Will The Blind Beggar do?” He pointed his cane towards the pub at the corner. “Drinks are passable, just stay away from the pickled eggs.”
“Probably,” Sherlock says. “You never did learn how to keep still.”  His hand opens and closes around John’s cock. “Like now.”
Sherlock complains that John watches too much telly. What he really means is that John doesn’t watch the programmes he likes.  He complains that John talks in his sleep. John asks him how he knows and he says that John’s snoring keeps him awake.
John looked up at Banks. “Sit down. You’re making my neck ache.”
“Beekeeping, of course. Wonderful.”
. (also redacted)
My head falls back against the sofa as his warm hand finds my cock, tugging it not so gently out of my pants. I close my eyes as his mouth replaces his hand and I whistle in a breath while he focuses all his energy on sending me over the edge.
“Yes, Mrs. Ashcroft. Uh, how are you?”
“What will you do?”
“Oh, Johnny.” Her eyes filled and she hugged him, crying softly against his shoulder. “I’m not going soft,” she insisted between sobs, “I’m hormonal.”
She moved behind John’s chair. “What makes you so sure?”
“You mean with Sherlock?”
“Long day,” Sherlock offered, feeling a twinge of guilt.
John got up and leaned over Sherlock. He brushed his thumb across the tender, insomnia-dark skin under Sherlock’s eye, and said, "Good. Then it’s settled. Now stand up and kiss me. Properly.”
John came back a few moments later, sleeves pushed up to his elbows and a damp line across the bottom of his jumper where he’d leaned against the sink. He sat beside Sherlock and turned to look at him, head tilted and eyes narrowed, as if he were trying to make a decision. He took a breath, leaned in and kissed Sherlock hard, open-mouthed, all tongue and teeth and heat. Sherlock’s hands found the edges of John’s jumper and tugged it, separating from John just long enough to get it up over his head. Sherlock’s hands crept under John’s shirt, running along his ribs and stomach.
“I am well within my right to defend myself in my own home. Seems a waste, though – shooting one of the world’s great intellects right between the eyes . . .”
John stepped forward and put a hand on his shoulder. “You okay?” He reached by the bed and handed Sherlock his cane. “Pride goeth before a fall. Literally.”
Sherlock sighed. “What would you do?”
Sherlock leaned back and closed his eyes. “This has nothing to do with him.”
“More like relieved. Like my oncologist just told me that my terminal disease turned out to be gas pains.”
“I’m taking you home,” Greg says and, with one hand in the small of his back, leads him outside and into his car.  John is silent. Greg drives with one hand on the steering wheel, one arm stretched out across the back of the seat so that his fingers rest lightly on John’s shoulder.
He smiled. “The Aladdin’s lamp school of theology. Three wishes is all you get?”
make up with her girlfriend? She shoved the phone back in her pocket.
He slammed the door behind him.
I hear a rustling of papers and Greg takes a breath. “The Shipton Building Society is currently under investigation by the Major Economic Crimes Unit. Has been for almost six months. They suspect someone on the inside is opening accounts for sham corporations and then taking out mortgages in these companies’ names. The scheme generates more than enough cash to cover the monthly interest payments, so no one’s the wiser. They reckon at least ten fake accounts have been created over the past two years. With average mortgages of £200,000, that’s a shitload of exposure for Shipton. And that’s just the Holborn office. MEC thought they were getting close but two months ago their informant got very nervous, worried someone had caught on to her . . .”
Sherlock grabs his coat and scarf from the chair and strides to the door. “Come, John. We have work to do.” I follow him. Because that’s what I do. It’s what I’ll always do. For as long as he lets me.
When he came downstairs wearing jeans and his favourite jumper, the olive green one with the holes in the elbows he always meant to have patched, Sherlock was in his chair, John’s open laptop balanced on his knees.
“My God… What has gotten into you?” I laugh as we break apart for breath.
“Teaching now - bright young things, like we used to be. God, I hate them.” Both men laugh. “What about you? Staying in town until you can get yourself sorted?” asked Mike.
This chapter is in John's P.O.V. and it's the scene where they meet at 221B Baker Street to look at the flat. I've added John's thoughts in so that going to be the change that I've made in this chapter.
-Mack ♥
Sally lifts her walkie-talkie up to her mouth and says into it “Freak’s here. Bringing him in.” She leads us towards the door of the house. We stop just outside the house as a man who’s wearing a blue crime scene coverall walks out the front door while taking off his gloves. It’s Anderson.
A taxi has just pulled up so I open the door and get inside, wait for John to get in as well, and then we’re off.
“Well, you know what
“What is?” I ask.
“You said I had a therapist,” Johns says.
“Hurry, please! Jawn!” I wriggle around, encouraging John to go quicker.
Once we’re home, John immediately pins me against our door (which is closed to muffle some of our noise) and kisses me with more passion than ever before.
“What am I doing here?” He asks in return.
“Yes,” I reply. “Harry Watson - clearly a family member who’s given you his old phone. Not your father - this is a young man’s gadget. Could be a cousin, but you’re a war hero who can’t find a place to live - unlikely you’ve got an extended family, certainly not one you’re close to. So - brother it is. Now Clara, who’s Clara - three kisses says it’s a romantic attachment, the expense of the phone says wife, not girlfriend. She must have given it to him recently, this model’s only six months old. It’s a marriage in trouble then - six months on he’s just given it away. If she’d left him, he’d probably have kept the phone - people do, sentiment - but no, he wanted rid of it: he left her. He gave the phone to you - that says he wants you to stay in touch. You’re looking for cheap accommodation, but you’re not going to your brother for help - that says you’ve got problems with him. Maybe you liked his wife, maybe you don’t like his drinking -”
“No problem.” John laughs, which is adorable so I can’t stay mad at him for long. “I’ll be right back, love.” He goes into the bathroom and comes back out a minute later with our box of sex toys and things like that.
“Asphyxiation probably. Passed out, and choked on her own vomit. Can’t smell any alcohol on her - could’ve been a seizure, possibly drugs.”
Lestrade glowers at me for a moment then says “Yes I do. God help me.”
“Nope. Not a word.” Mike replied, who knows that this is normal.
“Of course, yes. Enough for a lifetime. Far too much.” We stand facing each other for a moment, our faces quite close. I look at his lips in spite of myself. I’m not sure what I’m waiting for but I know something is about to happen. Sherlock looks like he’s considering something.
,” I repeat.
Some announcements/upcoming works:
⚠️WARNING⚠️ This chapter mentions self-harm, suicidal thoughts, and attempted suicide. Donovan and Anderson are bitches and that leads to some tears and sad conversations.
First off, I would like to say THANK YOU SO MUCH for reading this Fanfiction and I really hope you enjoy it. This is my first time writing Fanfiction so I'm sorry if it isn't any good (please comment your Constructive Criticism). I'm sorry in advance that it is such a short chapter. I'm trying to pace myself and break each episode up into chunks. I'm hoping to write longer chapters in the future. This work and the ideas that I came up with belong to me (but the characters and original story do not) so please do not copy this story UNLESS I've given you permission to translate it. I'm not sure what my updating schedule will be as my life can get busy sometimes so please be patient with me. Also, I had the idea to do P.O.V.'s (alternating between John and Sherlock every chapter) so please let me know what you think in the comments. I'm not going to change this chapter to a P.O.V. though, because I really like how it turned out. Okay, I'm going to stop talking now and let you read the story (:
John looks at me and says “Look, would it be better if I just -” but I don’t let him finish.
“I did,” Sherlock answered. “I said to Mike this morning that I must be a difficult man to find a flatmate for. Now he shows up just after lunch with an old friend clearly just home from military service in Afghanistan. Wasn’t a difficult leap.”
“You have legs! Why don’t you ever do anything yourself?” He yells even louder this time.
“I wouldn’t want to spoil the surprise. You’ll just have to wait until we get home.”
“Oh please, call me Sherlock.” He replies as we shake hands.
“I don’t have one. I barely know him. I just met him... yesterday.” I say.
As we’re walking up the stairs, Lestrade tells me “I can give you two minutes.”.
“But your not his friend,” She says from behind me. “He doesn’t have friends. So who are you?”
Gender reveal? Yep! The gender of the baby is revealed in this chapter!
“Anything for you.” John takes his fingers out of me and slicks up his cock quickly. He tosses the lube bottle to the side to be picked up later. He lines his cock up with my entrance and shoves it inside me in one quick motion.
“I’ll... I’ll… Oh, I don’t know! Just put me down!” He speeds up again and we reach the bedroom. He drops me onto the bed. “Thank you.”
“Sherlock! There was no case!” Lestrade yells after me.
“I don’t want to sit down.”
“You know, I’ve got a phone. Very clever, all that, but you could just phone me... on my phone.” I inform him.
“Nothing really, I just love you so much and I’m so insanely happy right now.” He replies before attacking my lips with more kisses which I’m returning with just as much passion. John moves to take off my shirt, but I pull back. “What’s wrong?” He asks me.
“Really? You don’t have to.”
“But I haven’t mentioned a figure.” He replies.
?? Everyone in the building is shoving past me now to get into the room with the body and I hear Anderson say “Alright everyone - let’s get on with it!”. I feel so lost and humiliated, so I start to limp down the stairs.
“Yeah, he just took off - he does that.”
“Okay, love.” He says as we get up and walk towards the doctor.
I'm pretty proud of myself for finishing another chapter within a day. Hopefully, I can keep this up lol. I hope you enjoy the update and please, please, please, let me know your thoughts in the comments! I love to hear from you guys (:
“Get into the car, Dr. Watson.” The voice instructs as a big, black limousine pulls over next to the phone box. “I would make some sort of threat, but I’m sure your situation is quite clear to you.” He finishes and then the line goes dead. A man gets out of the car and opens the door to the backseat for me. I hesitate for a moment, but then decide to get in the car because I have no other choice.
“What about these suicides, then, Sherlock? I thought that would be right up your street. Three of them, exactly the same…” She stops talking as she sees Sherlock walking over to the window. He’s looking at something.
“Fun?? There’s a woman lying dead.”
“Christ, Jawn!” I moan as he starts to take more of me into his mouth. I’m not sure how much longer I will last if he continues to suck me off with his magical mouth. “Jawn… I think… I think I need you to fuck me… Fuck me please!”
“Suit myself?” John followed Sherlock. “Really?”
“Your baby.”
As much as she needed his help, she didn’t like that he’d made the offer sound conditional. On what, she wondered.
“How the hell do you know about that? Did Sherlock –”
“I had hoped that when you discovered the true nature of your wife’s . . . nature, you would understand the delicate position you are in. As well as the danger you continue to put Sherlock in.”
“We all are,” she snapped. She paused and cleared her throat. “I rang one of my old professors – he’s spent most of his career studying aflatoxins, I’m waiting for him to ring me back. I can say that based on the concentration of the residue in the dart and John’s symptoms, our original twenty-four estimate may be optimistic.”
Sherlock raised one eyebrow and John added, “If you want your next dose anytime today.”
After dinner, John will take Sherlock’s hand and they’ll venture out into the snow and walk the half-mile down the road to the local pub. It’s only then that Sherlock will reach into the pocket of his coat and hand John a small gift-wrapped box.
– Sherlock gives the cab driver an address in Brixton. Fiona Miller’s.
“No, I don’t mind.” Kate warmed her hands around the pot. The waitress was right, it was too soon to be dining
John sighed. “I know. I was just hoping hearing you say it would make me feel better.” He leaned in and kissed Sherlock lightly on the lips. “I can’t remember, was it tea and then morphine or morphine and then tea?” John walked toward the door.
“Sod off, Harry.”
Kate rolled her eyes. “Which is Sherlock speak for too personal or too painful or both.”
A long four hours later, after a dinner of roast not-beef and curried vegetables, a series of  speeches (John’s was surprisingly brilliant, and although not maudlin or sad, it still made his sister cry), he made his excuses (tired, headache, estranged lover/best friend waiting in his room) and took the lift upstairs. He stood at his door, unsure what to expect. That Sherlock would do what he did best – disappear, send a cryptic text – or maybe he meant what he said about changing and was actually waiting for him.
too many times.”
She found a small stone church in Devon. The vicar was young and sympathetic and didn’t ask if the stories the tabloids screamed about Sherlock were true. She sent e-mails to everyone on John’s list and filled the church with baskets of lilacs and white tulips. Sherlock’s parents sent John a message reeking with false regret; they were in South Africa visiting friends and couldn’t (wouldn’t?) return. He started at least three angry all-cap replies but deleted each one. Mycroft, forever clueless, sent a cheque for £500 and maintained both his silence and his distance.
She used her iPad to log onto the internet. She went to YouTube and searched for Sherlock Holmes. The more she found out about him, the more curious she became. And if this case went well, if she managed not to make a complete fool of herself, maybe she could ask another favour of him.
For months, I didn’t dream. But now, away from the machines and the lights and the doctors, my dreams have returned.
“Did Tommy know?”
“The day before she died, five thousand dollars was wired into the account. As it was on the fifteenth of every month.” Sherlock sat back, still watching Kate.
“Yes. But I didn’t.”
“He does. Did. At least until John came along, anyway.”
“How did you do it?” Sherlock is suddenly next to me. His hand brushes my shoulder as he reaches around me to get a glass.
“I am fine,” he said. For the hundredth time.
In the shower, he’d decided that if he couldn’t extract himself from whatever temporal whirlpool/dream he was caught in, he’d play along.
“Yes, I tend to do that when you faint dead away at my feet.”
Sherlock woke up slowly. His head felt messy with fragments of dreams and memories, past and future, ricocheting through his head. The other side of the bed was empty and he couldn’t remember if John had ever come to bed. He rolled into a sitting position. His head was throbbing and his neck was stiff.
, Kate thought.
Mycroft was waiting for him in the lobby.  Anthea stood beside him, looking bored and typing into her phone.
“Eleven. We have a few hours.”
Sherlock leaned forward. “I explained –”
Kate took a breath. “Sorry – it’s nothing.” If nothing was the fact that in some misguided grand gesture of . . . She looked at the screen again.
A worn copy of
Greg’s heart ached for him. They’d been through their share of shit together, but he’d never seen Sherlock so . . . defeated.
When they broke apart, their gasps were loud in the deserted alley. Sherlock was pressed up hard against him, his leg shoved between John’s, rocking against his erection. Sherlock’s hands clutched at his hips, at his trousers, at his arse.
“Yeah?”
“I’ve got to get him backstage,” she said. “If there’s anything else . . .”
When she came back into the flat, Sherlock was still sitting in his chair, hands steepled under his chin. He was capital T thinking and she knew him well enough by now to leave him alone. She cleared away the plates and take-out containers and found a place in the fridge for the unopened bottle of champagne. She filled the kettle and set it on the stove. No doubt someone would want a cup of tea before too long.
“That was yesterday.” He grinned and was rewarded with one of John’s best laughs. John’s hand rested on the seat between them and Sherlock covered John’s hand with his own. He expected John to pull away, mutter something about how
“You know it’s a real joy talking to you, Sherlock.”
“Technically,” he says. “And technically, we did what she paid us –”
She rearranged the file and re-tied the blue ribbon. She paid the bill and stepped out into the snow. She was suddenly inexplicably homesick and leaned up against a blue Volvo, its windshield covered with frost. Her bare hands sunk into the snow on the hood, and she felt her fingers numb and freeze. Something twisted in her chest and she half-sobbed, covering her face with her frozen hands. “I miss you so much, Sarah.”
“How I
“Good morning, Inspector,” he said.
That wasn’t the question he expected. He almost sounded concerned. John didn’t answer. He had to be careful. Mycroft was nothing if not a master manipulator. John knew why Mycroft didn’t want him talking to Mary – at least not without an approved script in hand. And he knew why Sherlock didn’t want him here. Even Kate fucking Canada had an opinion about it. She may not have the jersey to prove it, but she was definitely playing for Team Sherlock.
“Five minutes. With the metre running,” the cabbie said.
“Fine. Yes. Go.”
“We just did.”
while waiting for a cab, shivering as the rain soaked through his anorak and yes, his stomach had started to ache half an hour later. It was almost as bad as the summer he was twelve and ate a dozen dodgy sausage rolls nicked from the shop on High Street. But it was a giant leap from a sore belly to actually dying. No matter what the tests concluded. No matter how concerned Lestrade and Molly looked or how puzzled the expression on Mycroft’s face. (Sherlock had remained uncharacteristically silent, slouched against the treatment room’s only window, staring at his phone). Things like being shot with poison-filled darts in the middle of London just didn’t happen. Especially not to him.
A week later they got a case. Lestrade roared up the stairs with a file and a mission. Two dead prostitutes, one dead vicar. Three missing left thumbs.
“Touché.”
John moved his hand down to Sherlock’s thigh and came to a small, raised half-circle.
“Makes two of us. Thanks for dinner, Greg.”
“Once in a while you are allowed to miss a detail. And once in a very great while, I am allowed to figure something out. Balance of probability, right? Isn’t that what you always say?”
“No bloody chance. You’re dehydrated and refuse to eat anything but the occasional biscuit, which is no doubt why you collapsed. So drink it.”
“Yes, but guess who he was seeing?”
Sherlock started to apologise again, but John wrapped his one good hand around the back of Sherlock’s neck and pulled his mouth down on his. Sherlock looped his arms around John’s waist and half-dragged, half-carried him to the bedroom, crashing against the doorway and toppling onto the bed in a mess of arms and legs. Sherlock was all around him, his brilliant hands dashing across John’s body, his hips pressing down on John.
Mrs. Hudson pushed away from the table and stood, pulling her sweater tightly around her. “You don’t even know them. And I know when I’m being interrogated – if I learned anything at all from my husband. But you’re a smart one. You’ll get it sorted out without my babbling on and on.”
“I don’t care, Sherlock. You’re just home from hospital. Give it a fucking rest for once.”
When Sherlock didn’t answer, Molly said, “Not really. We’re continuing to narrow down the possibilities. We can only say what it isn’t.”
Molly Hooper. ”
She took a sip of coffee and smiled. “I’ve been visiting his website, reading John’s blog too.”
Sherlock turned and picked up his coat from the chair.  “
take care of it.” It comes out angrier than he means it to. “I bloody well kept it alive for two sodding years. You can do the same.”
Sherlock pressed his palms into his eyes. He thought of Sutton, so arrogant, so sure of himself, so confused about the nursery rhymes. Someone else. Someone who knew he’d get to the museum in time. Hoped he’d get there. A test. An audition. But for what? For whom?
He sat back. “Bloody hell, how did that happen?”
The M4 was busy so he didn’t make it to the hotel until well after lunch. He thought more than once about turning around and going back, but to what? He needed to at least try to make a life without Sherlock.
“What . . . who . . .” Sherlock sat up and tried to stand. His ankle buckled and he leaned against the bed.
“I’m sure she did.”
Here is a cottage on Ivy Lake in Sussex. Walk five miles in any direction and the world looks the way it used to. The lake gives us all the water and fish we need. I still crave a decent curry, but most of the animals disappeared around the same time the bodies did. My brain would explode if I thought too hard about what that meant. I’ve spotted a few deer in the woods, but I haven’t had the heart to kill any. I’ve seen enough dying to last a lifetime.
“In an hour. And a half-dose. Take the edge off without putting you to sleep. Deal?”
Ronan wore a pirate’s striped jumper and a patch over one eye. “It’s Peter Pan, we’ve been practicing for ages.” He pushed the eye patch up into his hair.
We head back to Baker Street. To think, he says.
“Rest when I leave.”
he tells him. Sherlock goes narrow-eyed and cranky, but he's always a little bit cranky, so no surprise there. He packs, though, and when John sees him slipping brightly coloured, badly-wrapped Christmas presents into his suitcase, he stops folding his own jumpers and trousers and watches, grinning just a little bit in the dim light of their bedroom.
“Good.” Greg stared into his glass.
“Christ, how old are these? It’s like biting into sawdust.” He got up and drank from Sherlock’s cup.
But tonight, he’d sit in his chair and finish the last of Sherlock’s best whisky. And tomorrow, he’d begin to learn how to forgive himself for all the things Sherlock had done.
Sherlock’s phone vibrated again. She looked at the text and frowned. It was from a blocked number. The message was cryptic at best
Kate turned to John. “Not precisely? Are you or are you not in Ottawa because Mary is here?”
Sherlock huffed impatiently. “This isn’t a game.”
“Yeah, okay.”
“chock full of tits, TV stars and royals,” one reviewer said. She found more than one blog that suggested/accused Magnussen of being the original source for the hacking scandal at Rupert Murdoch’s
She looked up and John was standing on the landing. He was turned round, looking up.
.  But it had been a long winter and she longed for any sign that spring had finally arrived.  It was the first mild day and everyone was out walking, like prisoners released from months in solitary.
“What if someone wants you to prove you’re as good as John writes you?” It made as much sense as anything else that had happened in the last twelve hours.
“Roast beef, maybe. And get one for Sleeping Beauty in there. Ham and swiss. No mustard. I doubt he’ll eat, but we can try.”
The two hundred questions swirling in Kate’s brain settled into just one, and she stood, moved around the table and wrapped her arms around his shoulders and hugged him. She felt him stiffen and stopped – could he still have lingering pain from his injuries? – but just as quickly she was enveloped in his arms as he pulled her close. For just a moment.
Sherlock spun around and faced Sutton. “It’s so obvious. How did I not see it? Tell me, did you shoot him yourself?”
It was dark when John woke up. He turned to check the time. 9:30.
Sherlock held up a hand. “That case was a three at the most. Even John would have solved it.” He smiled. “Eventually.”
She drove to Sherlock’s with both hands gripped tightly on the wheel, cursing at everyone who got in her way. More than once, she started to say something to Kate but stopped, as if she’d promised someone that she would behave.
But it was autumn in Sussex, and everything was changing.
He turned over, pulled the blankets closer. It was chilly in the bedroom, the heat from the fireplace long gone. He sat up and fluffed the pillow and lay back down with a sigh. The only noise in the room was Graham’s soft snore rising from the foot of the bed.
Sherlock turned off the water and stood still. John could feel Sherlock’s chest rapidly rise and fall and he felt the familiar twinge of worry. Should they be doing this . . . whatever
“You are improving. Let’s keep it that way.”
The doorbell stops my not very well thought out response and he slides past me to the door. I stand in the kitchen, still breathing hard, wondering if I can eat with a hard on. He is back in a minute, two bags of food in his hands.
John’s cheek rested against Sherlock’s back, between his shoulders. He pressed his lips against Sherlock’s skin and slid his arm around Sherlock’s chest, pulling him closer. Kissed and licked a lazy circle around his shoulder blade. Sherlock murmured, but didn’t move away. John continued down Sherlock’s back, kissing, his tongue leaving a trail of cool moisture. He blew lightly across his back and felt him turn.
“The text would suggest otherwise,” Mycroft said. He stood stiffly at the door, doing his best not to touch anything in the room.
John shrugged him off and turned the laptop around to face Sherlock. “Read this.”
“Ronan gave me this.” He handed the paper to Sherlock who read it quickly.
The room tilted and Sherlock stumbled backwards onto the bed and pressed his hands to his face. It was too much. Even for a dream. “Enough. Go away.”
- Peacefully at his home with his family by his side in London in his 83rd year. Predeceased by his beloved wife Kathleen. Dear father of Anna Gilchrest (Thomas), Steven (Lidia) and Simon (Hayley). Cherished grandfather of Kathryn, David, Michael and Scott. Dear brother of Edith Somers (Ken) and brother-in-law of Patricia Sillery. Also surviving are numerous nieces, nephews, cousins and their families. Peter wished to be remembered as he was through his life and that those who have fond memories will celebrate these in their heart. As such, a private family service will be held. Memorial donations can be made to St. James’s Roman Catholic Church or the Heart and Stroke Foundation. Online condolences can be offered at
*****
“I wish I had your faith.”
“You don’t think Fiona Miller was murdered here?” he says.
“Only link,” Sherlock corrected.
Greg sat in the chair next to him, leaned forward and took the evidence from his hand. “It was stuffed in his trousers pocket. We almost missed it.”
She’d been dismissed.
John opened his mouth just a bit, and Sherlock thought he might say something to stop him or push him away, so he slipped his tongue between John’s lips. John made a sound like a groan, way down in his throat and then he was kissing Sherlock back. Sherlock’s hands linked at the small of John’s back and they were pressed against each other from knee to shoulder. A disjointed thought ricocheted around Sherlock’s brain,
John cleared his throat. “They invited me the first Christmas you were dead. I almost didn’t go – but I felt sorry for them.  Almost as sorry as I felt for myself.  I bought a plum pudding at Harrod’s – then momentarily lost my mind and pretended I’d made it.  I suppose I wanted them to think I was getting on with things . . .”
Sherlock looked longingly at the teapot.
John could see the faint bloom of a bruise developing on Sherlock’s jaw. It made him happier than it should have. “Do you have any idea what it’s been like for me? Jesus, do you?”
Sherlock smiled and bent down, sucking a trail along John’s neck, dipping into the hollow of his shoulder blade. He felt John’s hands on his hips, pulling, and he lifted a knee, pressing it against John’s crotch. John moved a hand onto the back of Sherlock’s neck, guiding his head back to John’s mouth, thrusting his tongue into Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock moaned against John’s lips.
John nodded toward Sherlock’s chest. “That. You. All elbows and knees and cheekbones. Like we’re about to discuss why Mrs. Hudson never hoovers on Thursday or why Lestrade can’t figure out his arse from his elbow. Like everything is . . .”
Kate sat on the couch, legs crossed under her, sipping her third Diet Pepsi of the afternoon, rereading a case file she’d found stuck under a cushion. To say the arrival of Sherlock and John had made her presence superfluous was an understatement.
“Untraceable so far. Of course I’ve been a bit . . . distracted . . .”
Kate nodded. “Look, I meant to tell you before, but I didn’t get the chance. I’m going to move back to the hotel tonight.”
Kate couldn’t breathe. She hung her head between her knees. Didn’t help. Things were getting fuzzy around the edges. Sarah had a secret savings account . . .
Kate took it from him with shaking fingers. She held it up and found it –
“You should go back to the hotel,” John said. “Get some sleep.”
“And I am very sorry.” Sherlock winced and rubbed at his chest. “As soon as I am released . . .”
These were the things that John never talked about:
“Sure. I’ll be right back.”
“Boring.”
“I think you want to know what we may not know ourselves.”
“You never pick up tea cups–”
Washburn shifts a fuchsia-coloured file from one side of his fake mahogany desk to the other. He’s done that three times now.
But why poison?  Poison was personal and painful. Whoever did this wanted John to suffer.  Sherlock too, if he knew anything about them.
Kate decided she liked the bullshit better. “Yeah, thanks. I’m getting over it.”
“Distract, distress, discombobulate . . .” Sherlock opened his mouth but Kate held up her hand. “No. No. Not until we talk about John. About what you’re going to do about John.”
Kate’s uncovered more of the truth than Sherlock or John want to admit. Oh, and then there’s the case.
“Everyone called him that, but he wasn’t.”
“John, we need you to think,” Mycroft said.
Mycroft nodded and Anthea retreated.  He looked at Sherlock’s neck. “You’re bleeding.”
chair.
“Fuck you Mycroft. She’s still my wife. Sherlock and I-“
That was when she noticed John standing in the doorway watching them.
Later, John stood at the window, his back to Sherlock, and stared for a long time out at the night, trying hard not to think about Mary, or Magnussen, or how his life lay in pieces at his feet. John thought of these past few months like a ball of string unravelling, falling down an endless flight of stairs. He knew now that the only way to stop it was to get ahead of it and the only way to get ahead of it was to trust Sherlock.
“Fucking hell.” She stared at the screen. “Fucking, fucking son of a bitch . . .”
“Nice story. But it’s got nothing to do with Mary,” John said. Kate recognized that tone – it was the same one used by every relative of every victim she’d ever had to break bad news to.
Sherlock tore open the envelope. Inside were six small vials of a colourless liquid and a folded sheet of paper.  He unfolded the paper.
Sherlock still sees what he calls his halos – but nothing more than that.  Making it through the apocalypse together was the only miracle we were going to get.
“She said you agreed, more precisely, she said you didn’t disagree.”
There was a breakfast restaurant a couple of blocks away. Made a decent cheese omelet, even better coffee. She’d give John and Sherlock some morning after privacy. Maybe she’d bring back some muffins and coffee for them if she felt generous.
“Surely.” I set the plates behind me and wonder if I can shag him silent before the tikka masala arrives. I lean against the table and cross my arms. Ready for battle.
Ella had stopped writing at “assassin.” “Anything else?” she asked nervously.
“Home,” John said. “Baker Street – 221B.”
“Okay, so what about those in London. Or who knew Tommy Pearce. Or did heroin. Or both.”
“Don’t answer that,” Sherlock interrupted. “I need to be in my chair for this. I can’t possibly deduce anything from this couch.” Sherlock extended a hand and waited for John to help him up. “Kate, get one of the kitchen chairs and bring it in here.” He was enjoying this a little too much. How much morphine had John given him?
“No. It’s not my place,” she said.
“I can’t just inject John with something you pulled out of your pocket.” Dr. Franklin crossed his arms in front of him. “At least let the lab take a look at it.” The vials were lined up on the medication cart beside John’s bed.
me. For the last year, you wouldn’t even allow me in your house. You blocked my texts. In the parlance of relationship nonsense, this is what I would call progress. ” Clearly, Sherlock had interpreted John’s enthusiasm a few minutes earlier as just shy of a marriage proposal.
Sherlock sat up, his legs outstretched in front of him and his back pressed up against the headboard. “Are you planning to punch me? It’s what you usually do.”
“We tried a new Thai place last night. You lot have read too many spy novels.”
Not what he expected. Wishes were for birthday candles. Sick children. “What does he want?”
The smile on Sherlock’s face collapsed. “Your sister invited me. She said you agreed.”
First nicked at 13 – held up three old hens coming out of Evensong. He flipped fast through all the early years and stopped at the attempted murder of his partner – with a dart. That could be promising. If it wasn’t during a fucking dart game in a pub in Dartmouth. The guy lost an eye and Bellamy did two months.
Eventually Sherlock bought a small cottage a few miles from John’s. They managed to narrow the geographic and emotional distance between them with a weekly lunch or a pint at the local. Until John suffered a heart attack six months ago and Rosie confiscated his car keys.
In his early thirties, he married and quickly divorced. He had no children and had recently built a large £30m estate outside London he called Appledore. She found no reference to his hobbies – Sherlock and blackmail if she had to guess – in any of the articles.
“I will if you will. And make no mistake, Sherlock. You will.”
“Christ.” John drained his glass. “Sherlock, a little help here.”
Instead of answering, Sherlock walked past her to the chair by the window and sat down.
“I know you told me not to wake you before eleven, but this is important.” John tossed the paper toward Sherlock, who caught it without thinking. He pulled himself up onto an elbow and stared at John. Old John. The old John. The John of old. He looked so . . . young. He looked so . . . beautiful.
“He knew, John. He just didn’t know what to do with it,” Greg said carefully. Gently. “His whole life was about finding patterns in random events. Creating order out of chaos. It’s what made him brilliant. But with you . . .” Greg paused. “With you . . . if he acted on what he felt, what you felt, it would be like creating chaos from order. And that scared the hell out of him. For a smart man, he could be pretty thick.”
“And I was . . . preoccupied.”
“So, who is she?” I repeat the question half an hour later. He is in his chair, fingers folded, breathing slowly. I bring him a cup of tea and he takes it from me, the ghost of a smile lingering under all the seriousness.
John kissed her on the cheek. “I don’t know what’s worse.” He squeezed her tight and whispered, “I’m sorry about Sarah, Kate.”
Sherlock sets his glass down and leans forward. “You’re fidgety.”
He nodded, not sure how he felt or what else there was to say. “Next week, then,” he said, looking for something to break the silence between them.
The phone buzzed. John picked it up and read the screen. “Ignore that.” He handed the phone back to Ella. “You help. You’ve always helped.”
His father laughed. “Exactly. Like a dog.”
Lestrade pulled out a folded paper from his jacket. “So, nothing on the envelope except your prints and the guard’s. So far. Preliminary, you understand. Artist is Canadian, from Ottawa. The show created quite the stir over there. Creepy stuff that. Still, no connection to Sutton we can find. Oh, and he says he has no assistant. We’ll confirm that, but I don’t see why he’d lie.”
“Kate . . .” he said quietly. He held up one hand, like he was trying to stop an oncoming truck. Only it was too late.
She felt like a voyeur then, her cheeks hot with embarrassment. She turned away quickly and went into the washroom.
She shook her head, “You should go. Mrs. Hudson told me they were moving him out of ICU later today. I think he can manage without you for a while. I don’t mind staying.” She held out one hand, “Come on, old man. Go home.”
Sherlock took a step toward him, but John held up a hand. “I swear to Christ, Sherlock. I can’t . . . I don’t want to . . .”
“Then why is no one arresting her? Attempted murder is still a crime here, isn’t it? Not to mention all the jobs she did for Moriarty.”
Which proposal? Talking to him always made her feel as if she’d stumbled into someone else’s conversation.
Bryant. Fixing them some kind of weird celebration/condolence breakfast. Surely Sherlock would never allow . . .
John asked him about making the video. Ronan was quiet.
He walked past Sherlock and Kate into the kitchen, took down a bottle of Jameson from the cupboard and splashed some into the bottom of a glass. He leaned back against the sink, emptied it in one swallow and quickly poured another.
She guessed Sherlock was having Mary followed – and if the texts were any indication, by someone who enjoyed doing it. The girl she’d met earlier, the one who told her about Vauxhall Cross, was probably one of Sherlock’s too.
They headed back to the street, almost running, the puddles splashing up around them, the sound of their laughter swallowed by the rain.
“So it’s
“John,” Sherlock murmured.
The sex is . . . good.  Really good. Which once and for all proves that there is no such thing as bad sex.
“Mycroft Holmes.” He lifted the glass in a toast. “I won’t waste time asking how you found me.”
She took the rest of the afternoon off.
Sherlock leans back. “Yes –to the victor goes the spoils and all that.”
“He looked a bit dodgy, if you ask me, but he paid cash,” the florist said. “Copied the message off a crumpled bit of paper. Told me to deliver it in three days, not before. I almost didn’t bother, not after what I read in the paper. How your Mr. Holmes topped himself. But it was paid for, so I did.”
“Another thousand of those and I might begin to believe you.” John stood and started clearing the dishes.
“Exactly. So what choice do I have?”
,” Sherlock answered in his best Canadian accent. “Nicked the file from the table on her way.”
She believed him. Almost.
John sighed. “Three weeks ago. A few weeks after my daughter . . .”
John stood between them. Scrubbed his face. Muttered something about idiots disguised as geniuses. He looked at Kate. “How far back do I need to go?”
On the whole, Sherlock’s familiarity with Mother Goose (
I was beginning to believe we'd see a new Sherlock episode before I finished this. But it's almost done- next chapter will be up tomorrow and the final one by the end of the week. Thanks to everyone who has been so patient.
After his third beer, John finally asked. He wasn’t planning to, only he’d been thinking it since he watched Simon lay his hand on Sherlock’s arm and he felt a twinge of something that might have been jealousy, but really couldn’t have been, because that would be stupid and adolescent and John was a grown man. “Did you fuck Simon Lockwood?”
Mrs. Hudson sent her up with a message to tell Sherlock that the tea was coming.
“I was shot, Mrs. Hudson, not lobotomized.”
“I am aware.”
“Yeah. He’s happy to be home. Working for the Coast Guard now.”
“I’ll have to start running a tab.” He smiled his best George Clooney smile.
“No, not with me.”  John curled his fingers around Sherlock’s wrist.
Gidleigh Park Hotel was lovely in a
“What could be more personal than John’s safety?”
“And I kissed you. Don’t forget that,” he said helpfully, biting back a smile.
The bedroom is next to the lounge. A double bed, no bedspread, no sheets. I bend and look underneath. No murderers lurking there. A Victorian dresser sits heavily in one corner. I’m glad I’m not the one who had to carry that  monstrosity up three flights of stairs.  A poster for last year’s Van Gogh exhibit at the National Gallery is tacked to the wall over the bed.
“I shall be perfectly happy here,” John said, spooning tikka masala and rice onto two plates.
. “Yes, what can I do for you?”
You’ve been awake for thirty-six hours but it feels like you haven’t slept since you left London. Three months that turned into six that’s going on eighteen. Each time you think you’re close to the end, Mycroft nudges the finish line further out of sight.
“I won’t tell if you don’t.  My name is McGowan, by the way. David McGowan.”
“Can I see him now? I’ve got a lot of material to cover.”
John looked up at him. He ran his hand along Sherlock’s cheek. “You’re a fucking bastard.”
Mycroft smiled. “Ah, so this is what faith looks like. It doesn’t suit you.”  He turned to leave. “Do let me know how it all turns out.”
Sherlock glanced at the cast. “Broken?”
He fumbled to turn on the lamp, his heart racing. In an instant, the room went from night to day. Everything was where he’d left it, the bottle of Jameson’s on the table, his overnight bag by the door, Sherlock’s scarf folded on the sofa. Sherlock standing at the window, a lit cigarette between his fingers, staring out into the darkness.
Sherlock nodded, suddenly looking less sure of himself.
She’d wondered if John was thinking the same thing she was.
John stood in the doorway, trying to get his breath, trying to ignore the fire raging in his abdomen. He straightened and walked carefully to the sofa.  He lay down and scrubbed both hands across his face. Maybe he should’ve stayed in hospital, bloody lot of good he was doing here. Sherlock’s phone vibrated on the floor beside him and he leaned over to pick it up. Sherlock motioned for him to hand it over but John shook his head. “It’s Lestrade,” he mouthed and answered it.
There was a smile growing on Sherlock’s face, and John felt it slide under his skin, scraping against the raw parts of him.
“You know him. I’d say it was a fair chance he’s pissed off someone who has the knowhow to manage this, wouldn’t you?”
“So I take it you were not aware.”
We stay that way for a few more moments.
“Just tell these men the truth, Ronan,” his mother prompted. “You’re not in any trouble.”
“I thought maybe you could . . .”
“You move back to Baker Street and resume what I can only surmise is a longstanding relationship, and now here you are, running back to your wife.”
Twice he considered calling John, once when Mycroft casually referenced John’s “friend” Mary Morstan, and then after he stopped mentioning her at all.
“Always, but no. I mean it. You look good, Sherlock. That’s good. I’m glad.”
“Sherlock, did you see this?” John asked as Sherlock came into the kitchen. He was sitting at the kitchen table eating tomato soup and toast and reading the news on his laptop.
Sherlock sighed and sat down.
“That wonderful news, John.”
“She found the heroin connection.” Sherlock’s shoulders dropped. He scraped a toe along the carpeting. “She tried to tell me . . . “
“Really? And the first?”
Mrs. Hudson pushed a stack of towels into Sherlock’s arms. “Mind you dry off before you sit on anything. We don’t need mildew up there along with all your bacteria.”
“Okay. Good. Great, actually.” She didn’t look convinced. “Look, I’ll let you get settled. Lunch is in half an hour. Nothing fancy, just soup and sandwiches.” She turned back and said, “Oh, I forgot. My mother’s baked shortbread biscuits. They’re rubbish, and we all know it, but we pretend they’re delish. Lying to my mother about her baking is a family tradition.”
“I’m good. Started a new position last week. At a clinic nearby. It’s all right, I guess.”
I frown. I hate this Sherlock. “I’m supposed to feel sorry for you now? Just because I picked up on some subtle details that you missed?”
As they turned the corner onto Baker Street, two things hit Sherlock at the same time. There was a familiar car from the Yard in front of 221 B, and John had slowed to a crawl. He turned back to John.
He looked back at John. “Cold?”
“He maintained the prisoner tried to escape –”
“Doing what?” John stood.
“It’s no bother. I’ve got biscuits too.” She turned to look at Kate. “I’ve not seen you before.”
Sherlock grabbed the picture from the bookcase and tossed it on the desk. “Ronan Pearce is your grandson.”
“Wish my grandmother could have been so open-minded.” Kate sighed, glancing at her watch, at the door. She could hear muffled voices and heavy footsteps coming from upstairs.
“My dad was a soldier. He’d dead now.”
“John,” Sherlock said from the top of the stairs. “You’re acting irrationally.” His voice was low and shaky.
Mycroft took a step in front of Sherlock’s chair, and looked down at John. “Tommy Pearce came home from Afghanistan with a giant chip on his shoulder and developed a nasty heroin habit within six months. He was found dead three weeks ago in an alley in Brixton, heroin overdose.” Mycroft paused and turned to Sherlock, raising an eyebrow.
“Sherlock, if I found you, how long until other concerned parties show up?”
Halfway to the elevator, she stopped, took a coin from her back pocket, and stared at it.
“Other than that ridiculous display in January, for which I should be grateful I suppose, not a trace.”
“Fingers crossed. And John?”
“Probably. Shouldn’t I?”
She reached over and turned on the bedside lamp. Sat up and opened the laptop and found the pictures of Anna Ashcroft. She found John’s blog and pulled up a wedding picture of Mary. Placed it side by side with Anna’s graduation picture.
Greg put a hand on Sherlock’s knee. “So concentrate, then. Who is doing this? Help us find him. We’re at a dead end with Pearce. Unless we want to believe an eight year old kid set this up.”
John stayed against Sherlock’s chest for a moment, letting his heart slow down a bit. It was just too much. He pulled his head away and looked at Sherlock. “Promise me something.”
Six months until he could tell John the truth.
He paid and carried the glass to an empty table by the window. It was almost six, and the bar was crowded with office workers having a pint on their way home.
“Not enough. You’re wearing make-up today, something you don’t normally do, so I suspect you’re trying to hide the evidence of a sleepless night. No doubt spent wondering why I recognized Anna Ashcroft’s name.”
“I’m fine,” Sherlock said. He took a breath. “No permanent damage.” John suspected he was talking about more than the bruise. Sherlock’s hand pressed on top of John’s.
Sherlock closed his eyes and blew out a breath. “Sorry.”
“Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.” This time she didn’t apologize.
“Are you sure?”
Sherlock started to explain something about the old patterns and the balance of probability, but John held up his hand.  “She called me,” John said.
John was back in his chair, his hands crossed under his arms because he was cold and sweating because he was hot.  Twelve hours gone and no further ahead. On the bright side, the pain in his stomach was no worse and he’d managed to keep down the tea.  Sherlock sat opposite him, staring at the wallpaper, hands steepled under his chin.
John cleared his throat. “I’m sorry about before . . . when we got here . . .”
me, you asshole.”
In the lounge, they sat facing each other, John in Sherlock’s chair and McGowan in John’s. He sipped his coffee and waited for John to begin.
Baskerville. The Queen's ashtray. The day his first novel came out. Their wedding. Stories Sherlock had heard so many times he could tell them himself. Sometimes he had laid a hand on John's arm or caught his eye and John would pause and clear his throat and change the subject to the weather or the price of petrol.
“Hi,” she answered cautiously.
rest.
“What?”
“Yoga injury?” Greg asked.
Sherlock looks up at him and scowls. "What?"
“What look?”
RCMP Inspector Kate Bryant was nervous. Her first meeting with Sherlock Holmes was scheduled to begin in half an hour and there was still no sign of the car that was to collect her from Heathrow.
She thought about Chloe, waiting at home, probably fixing dinner, or finishing paperwork, or sneaking in an episode of Real Housewives of Some Dumb City . . . she smiled thinking how fast she always reached for the remote when she heard Kate coming through the door. Dreck, that stuff. Chloe was fascinated with it – told Kate it reminded her how lucky they were. How good they had it. Their life seemed perfect in comparison.
Dr. Reynolds. Their doctor. In Sussex. He could feel the information in his mind palace shifting, reorganizing, rebooting. Suddenly there were entire files on Sussex, Dr. Reynolds, bees, John . . .
“Should I be concerned?”
John lifted their hands. “Is this a thing now?”
“So after John was poisoned,” Lestrade said.
She hesitated outside the entrance to ICU.
Sherlock sank into the only chair in the room and leaned forward, head in his hands. John rested his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder and felt him lean into him. “Sorry,” Sherlock said, his voice shaking. “Sorry.”
John said, “This is Sarah,” and you could see past the smile to her hand on John’s back, her fingers closing possessively in his shirt and your chest tightened because if there was one thing you knew as well as anything, it was what a person looked like when they were mad for John Watson.
He bit back a smile. “My wife – I call her Mary, but only because I don’t know her actual name – is an assassin. Of course, I didn’t know that when I married her. I only found out after she shot Sherlock in the chest and he almost died. I moved back to Baker Street to sort things out and take care of Sherlock. When the woman you think you love shoots the man you actually love, what choice do you have really? A week ago, Sherlock and I . . . well, we finally got things out in the open for the first time . . . well, it was really for the second time, but I don’t remember the first time because I was drugged afterwards. He hasn’t said yet that he loves me, but that’s only because he’s a tight-arsed prat.” He stopped and took a breath.
They fell back against the bed, sweating, breathing hard. John pulled his jeans up past his hips. Sherlock headed to the loo, and came back wearing nothing but a satisfied, if slightly embarrassed, smile. He pulled back the sheet and lay down beside John.
“Sorry. I’ll be down in a minute.”
“I said observe, John. Observe.”
Sherlock stared at the ceiling through the darkness and admitted defeat. He was not going to sleep that night. He’d always had trouble sleeping, but now, especially after one of John’s visits, sleep was even more elusive. He couldn’t shake the feeling that John was disappearing a little more each time he saw him. His trousers were looser, his jumpers baggier, his voice thinner. One day he’d reach out and John would be gone.
“Why in the world would I . . .”
“Violet.” John choked out the name of his daughter for the first time. “Violet Grace.” It felt strange and wonderful and frightening. “Violet after my grandmother and Grace –”
“Oh no, you don’t. You do not get to ask questions.”
“Were you not even listening?” Lestrade grumbled.
Kate watched from what even she was now calling Sherlock’s chair. Dug her phone out of her pocket. Read the text.
“Fine. Vacant lots on either side of us.  A park bench covered in graffiti. No trees. One building that escaped the worst of it.”
John stood on the pavement outside the flat, breathing hard, his heart beating loudly against his chest. He needed to get as far away from Sherlock as possible.
“Dr. Franklin, if it is a question of liability, I can assure you that Sherlock will waive . . .”
“The notice says ‘family’. A private
John had to admit that the text, sent to his phone half an hour after he’d been
going to cry in front of Sherlock Holmes. “Chloe’s French. From Montreal. Her English is really good. Better than my French.”
“My brother’s obsession with Charles Magnussen has turned a difficult situation into an untenable one. Not to mention the latest addition to your happy little household.”
“Right up your alley.” Lestrade took the tea offered by Mrs. Hudson.
“I will use our fee to continue to track Sarah’s payments.”
“Sherlock?” he asked again, louder this time. He laid the folder on the table and dropped his jacket on his chair.
“All heroin is basically the same. It’s the concentration and impurities that differ from sample to sample.  I only noticed because I ran your sample a few hours before the Bellamy sample. The profiles are the same, John. Exactly the same. I ran every control I could think of.” She paused and took a breath.
John handed the half-empty cup to Banks. “Can you find me the phone number of Siobhan Pearce in Hackney. I need to talk to her.”
Sherlock in all the ways that mattered – in all the ways he had imagined for so many nights he had lost count. He pulled the sheet up and let the familiar noises of Baker Street lull him back to sleep-wait, what?
a bed. Lying there, he recognized that he had just won the Sherlock sweepstakes – he was both alive
She smiled, “I think we know each other well enough by now, John. Of course you called. You like a puzzle as much as Sherlock did.”
. Same as she did every bloody night. He lifted it out of his jacket pocket to turn it off. Same as he did every bloody night.
He closed his eyes and the patter of the raindrops against the train window pulled him back to another time, another storm.
“I’m good.” Kate nodded toward Sherlock. “He’s a bit cranky.”
She’d sent a text home after breakfast.
Anna Ashcroft no matter how similar they looked – it was just too much of a coincidence. And she didn’t believe in coincidences. But if it wasn’t a coincidence, what series of unlikely events would end with Moriarty’s ex-girlfriend marrying Sherlock’s friend? Boyfriend?
In the beginning, there was a checklist lurking at the back of John’s mind.
“Stop moving.” Sherlock put both hands in front of John’s head for protection and John stopped struggling and placed his arms on either side of Sherlock’s chest. He felt an odd giggle percolate in his throat and he let it escape, nudging Sherlock’s hands away from his face with his head. Sherlock just looked at him, not moving.
“I’ll pick you up at half nine tomorrow,” he said. She looked confused and he added, “9:30. Take you back to Baker Street.”
He filled a crystal highball glass with Jameson’s and dropped an ice cube in it with enough force to send the liquid splashing onto the antique desk. He wiped it quickly with his sleeve. He’d probably get a bill for room damage now. Fucking Sherlock, what was he thinking? Why would he have wanted to take him here, of all places?
“I’m not. I just –” He blinked at him, and looked back out the window, one hand resting on the seat between them.
in this daydream), they’d both cry a little, giddy from champagne and happiness. Later she’d take Chloe to bed and . . . Kate closed her eyes, her breath quickening, imagining the press of Chloe’s body against hers, the taste of Chloe on her tongue, her soft moans.  She slipped her hand under the covers and between her legs.
Sherlock turned suddenly and untied his scarf. “Must you always keep it so hot in here?” He tossed the scarf on the chair. “John believes that people are mostly good. I believe people are mostly idiots. John says that’s the same thing.” He crossed to the window and looked out.
And tried to catch him when he fell.
Sherlock frowned. Pressed his hand to the bandage on his forehead. “My head hurts.”
but John just exhaled deeply and his shoulders relaxed.
Harry had always been good in a crisis, being needed filled the same empty space in her that alcohol and bad relationships did. If she had chosen wedding planner or social worker instead of solicitor as career, she might have managed to stay sober for more than a month at a time.
Sherlock did the washing up while John wrote up case notes from the clinic on his laptop. After he was done, he made tea for John and brought it out to him.
“I’m not sure.” He has that look he used to get when he was in the middle of a grand deduction.   “It’s as if I’m seeing echoes. Well, not seeing exactly –”
Kate nodded toward Sherlock. “Am I overreacting?”
Anthea raised her head from her phone for a brief moment and went back to her typing.
“Promise me.”
Sherlock watched him but didn’t say anything.
Good-bye Kate.
Her phone vibrated in her pocket and she pulled it out. Probably Chloe. Maybe work. She didn’t recognize the number, but answered.
“You do fancy thumbs, Sherlock,” she said.
“Two weeks after Therrien told his lawyer this story, Diorio was killed in a fight with another inmate. His lawyer expected that no one would believe Therrien, especially since Diorio was dead, so he never went to the police. I’m sorry, Kate.”
“I was trying to tell you.” Sherlock reached for John’s arm, but John twisted away and sat back down in his chair.
I follow him up the stairs and into the flat. What I need is sleep, but what I want is company. He says, “I need to get out of these clothes,” and disappears into the bedroom. A minute later I hear the shower running and I resist the urge to join him. I understand him well enough to know when to leave him be.
“And you owe me a shirt. And dinner.” I look over to see the spilled containers of curry and rice mixed with a specimen cup and a fork. One pristine samosa is tilted precariously on the edge of the table. I stretch and nudge the leg of the table with my foot.  I sit up and catch it before it hits the ground and pop into my mouth.
She pulled her phone from her purse. Sent another message home.
So it all comes down to this.
Sherlock felt the room slant. He reached out and held onto the end of John’s bed. The noises of the machines matched the rushing in his ears. Thankfully, Mycroft stepped in front of him.
“If your sister insists on inflicting her children and their pedestrian desserts on us, there needs to be wine.”
Kate felt like she was on a bad first date. “Uh, are you hungry? I brought-“
She put the five pound note back in her pocket.
“What’s in the file?”
Kate closed her eyes. She and Mrs. Ashcroft had initially bonded over a shared loss – the pain of so many unanswered questions. But now she wanted Kate to share in her good fortune. But why had Mary risked getting in contact with her parents? After all these years?
“I’ll drive you,” he offered. “I’ve got nowhere else to be.”
“Problem?”
Sherlock tried to find a place in his brain that wasn’t red hot with fury, but failed. “You poisoned John Watson and now you are going to give me the antidote.” He took another step forward and Sutton’s gun came up level with his head.
She started to say something, but he held up a hand.
John and Sherlock exchanged a look and Sherlock stood.
Sherlock grabbed a pillow and curled himself around it. Kate stood watching, not quite sure of her role in this little domestic drama.
Sutton picked up the picture. One finger traced the outline of Ronan’s smiling face. “Yes,” he said, a small smile playing at his edge of his mouth.
“I know you told me not to wake you, but this is worth it.” John tossed the paper toward Sherlock, who caught it without thinking. He pulled himself up onto an elbow and stared at John. Sherlock reached for his glasses that he knew by now would be on the bedside table.
He lifted one hand to scratch his nose and winced against the pain. He closed his eyes and took long slow breaths. She noticed the faint sheen of sweat on his forehead.
Sherlock sputtered something and sat back in the chair. Both Greg and Kate busied themselves with the cartons of food.
He took off his shoes and socks and lay on the bed, trying not to spill his drink on the expensive coverlet, and stared at the ceiling. He could have done this at home for free.
Sherlock lost every bit of patience he’d ever possessed. With a shout, he threw himself across the desk and toward Sutton. The move surprised Sutton and he fell back, Sherlock on top of him. They tumbled to the ground, the gun skittering across the desk and falling to the floor. Sherlock pinned Sutton’s hands against the floor. “Where is the antidote?”
“Wonderful.” He turned back to the newspaper.
And I dream about Sherlock. Always about Sherlock.
