The Omega moaned luxuriously and flexed his spine, shifting his knees a little wider. He could brace himself against the headboard like this, leaving his mate free to catch their pups. "God," John huffed, "Feels... feel... pressure. Jesus. So
He returned to the nest, followed by Lestrade, whose eyebrows rose a fraction when he saw the scenting pile on the bed. Mycroft cleared his throat. "You have been invited to join this pack," he began, "will you have us? Will you submit to me as your pack Alpha?" It was formal, and the ginger Alpha felt like a bit of an idiot for having to be so pompous, but it had to be done. "Yeah, I will," Lestrade replied evenly, bowing his head in respect.
John smiled fondly at him. "Come here, love," he said quietly, reaching out and fixing Sherlock's buttons and kissing him softly before grabbing his coat and leading the way into the taxi. He fought back a smirk when Sherlock's hand snaked over to his belly in the cab, rubbing possessively, and let him mark the gravid swell with his scent without complaint. When the cab pulled up outside the restaurant he paid the driver and stepped out, a little unsteadily thanks to the still-unfamiliar weight on his front. The head waiter showed them to their booth, a pristine white cloth covering the table contrasting nicely with the deep burgundy velvet of the seats. The menus were delicately printed on thick creamy card and an exotically scented candle flickered in the centre of the table, accentuating the slight glow of pregnancy John had started to acquire. John licked his lips and looked up at Sherlock shyly, almost through his eyelashes. "Surprised?" he breathed, silently cursing himself when the needy note of an Omega desperately seeking their Alpha's approval slipped through.
"Some baby weight is fine, I know I'll put on a bit, I am a doctor... I just... I don't want to get to the point that I'm... unattractive. You're so gorgeous, I want... to be worthy of you," he breathed softly, hoping Sherlock would understand. "I know you'll love me no matter what I look like, I just don't want it to be difficult," he smiled regretfully.
, the actions said,
"Sebastian," Sherlock said coolly, managing a smile in return. "I see you've been doing well - closed a good deal with a Swiss bank just this evening, in fact." Sebastian smirked, "Still doing your little trick, I see. Putting it to some good use, I hope?" He inhaled deeply and suddenly paused, sniffing the air around him, "Oh,
Persephone gave a deep, luxurious moan as instinct pulled her under as well. The position sent a flare of pain and tightness through her lower back and middle, the sensation quickly washed away by the pleasure of Mycroft's enormous cock inside her, opening her. She arched with difficulty, pressing her expansive belly outward, making it seem to grow in size. "
John sighed happily as he was filled, mewling submissively and writhing decadently on his Alpha's huge cock, walls rippling around it. He purred as his mate's low moan invaded his dream, pleased that he was giving his Alpha pleasure like a good Omega should. He relaxed completely, allowing Sherlock to take him, pliantly letting himself be fucked, too deeply asleep from exhaustion to wake, thoroughly enjoying the dream. He dragged his hands towards his belly and began to stroke it in his sleep, purring and mumbling half-intelligible Omega nonsense about how full and round he was, how much he loved being so big, how he wanted to grow even more to please his Alpha, feed the pups he'd fucked into him. His breasts began to swell again; he was already nearly at the point where he'd need to be milked twice a day, but once his breasts had grown a little more they could reduce it to once a day again, at least for a while. His scent changed to include a sweet milky note, letting his mate know of the liquid filling his pert breasts, and he began to moan for it as he slept, begging to be milked, complaining that he was full, even as he gasped and groaned lustfully at the luscious feeling of Sherlock's cock sliding in and out of him, filling him up perfectly, stretching his hot wet walls.
He rose unsteadily and wandered back to the nest in a haze, instinctively seeking out the comfort of his Omega.
after gaining respect for him as an Alpha, seeing him with John. Once Sherlock released his foot she dragged Jim to his feet and pulled him away, forcing a heat soother down his throat with one hand and gathering his clothes, shoving them towards him. Moriarty grasped them, giggling. "You say what you like, Sherlock... I've got a
Sweat beaded on his brow as he fucked himself harder and harder, huffing and grunting like an animal, his cries breathy and pleading as he bucked and rolled his hips and begged incoherently through the bond for permission to come.
When they were dried to Sherlock's satisfaction John managed to stagger through to the bed, awkwardly shuffling to climb on top of it like a particularly chubby seal trying to get onto an especially slippery ice floe. He flopped onto his side with an ungainly "oof!" of surprise but quickly recovered, caressing his belly almost defiantly while he purred and glanced at his Alpha.
Eleanor immediately squirmed and fussed as soon as she was put down, letting out an unhappy wail as she kicked her tiny legs and reached her chubby little arms out for her mother. Sherlock gently eased Alistair more into the spray, keeping him partly shielded but turning them both a little more towards the shower head, so the water began to hit the pup's belly. The little Alpha giggled and let out another squeal, finding the sensation ticklish. "That's it," Sherlock encouraged, "See? It can be fun after all."
The strain of John's shirt was noticeable, the buttons working to keep the fabric together as he rubbed against his mate. "Yes... of course..," the Alpha managed. Reluctantly, he left his Omega's side for a moment to notify the agent of their actions, making sure to note that they didn't wish to be bothered. Not wanting to seem too eager, he led his mate calmly out the door and across the garden towards the summerhouse. Once inside, he sat John down on a sofa in the sitting room, and tentatively moved to unbutton his shirt. After the previous day's ordeal, and his mate's teasing all afternoon, he felt as if he was waiting for John to bat his hands away and do it himself, but still couldn't resist trying.
, John muttered exasperatedly, tickling her feet as she squealed and flailed.
he thought again, and their guests would know it. He smirked as he caught John's eye, taking it as a cue to herd him closer to the shower wall, his cock pressing hotly against the cleft of the Omega's cheeks, the Alpha licking and kissing at his mate's neck with a growling purr as the last of the soap was rinsed from John's strong shoulders.
"Piss."
Sherlock eyed the small swell. Could he, when John was still so early on? It was more than worth a try. "Very well, both," he agreed, "And... and that..." He reached to the bedside table for his mobile. "You call for this one?" he asked, "You know best what you want right now, and where you want it from." One arm snaked around John's belly promisingly, his palm cupping the curve of the Omega's womb.
Sherlock smirked, teasingly lapping up the rivulets of creamy milk that were now running down the plump globes of John's breasts before latching on to one erect nipple. Thick, warm milk flooded his mouth immediately, accompanied by a whimper of satisfaction from John; the Omega's breasts were desperate for relief, too full and eager to be nursed from. He paused for a moment to adjust his position, kissing John sweetly with a purr of pleasure as he moved to sit across what was left of his mate's lap. The Omega cradled him like a large child as he began to suckle again, John's hand in his curls encouraging him to eat as Sherlock caressed his mate's full belly with one hand. The Alpha could feel himself getting full after draining just one breast, but he willingly moved to the second, beginning to whimper as he ate, as John crooned softly at him, encouraging him to finish. His stomach pressed outwards uncomfortably, almost painful, but he drank down every drop of milk the Omega had, groaning softly when he popped off the nipple.
. He hushed more of John's whines, groping a sticky beast in one hand. Continuing to rut, he began to grow harder, even needier, the effects of the aphrodisiac more intense in his excitement. "Mine," he growled,
John shifted them gently, pillowing Sherlock's head on his now-relieved breast and cooed as the Alpha snuggled in and latched onto the other.
As they pulled up to the house, Sherlock thought that the exterior looked just as good as - if not better than - the photo, the sandstone framed beautifully by the vibrant green of the Heath. The front garden was small, landscaped prettily but haphazardly, shrubs and wildflowers of all hues surrounding the dwelling, giving it a cheerful air, He kept his arm firmly around John when they got out of the cab, approaching the waiting Beta real-estate agent with a look of distaste; the woman gave a faltering smile, knowing to let the Alpha approach her, rather than to make an advance and be seen as a threat to the obviously gravid Omega he had claimed. Sherlock's hand splayed over his mate's belly regardless; after the events of the previous day, instinct dictated that he could not be too careful in protecting his Omega.
, give it to me,
"No," Sherlock agreed, "I don't think it would feel satisfactory for either of us. You wouldn't remember the birth control was in effect during a heat, and would be too sad that you couldn't feel your eggs dropping for me even after I knotted you. You wouldn't remember or understand why it wasn't happening, I don't want to see you that way. You should never feel as if you are a disappointment to me." He kissed the top of John's head gently. "I'll fill you up as soon as we can manage it again, I promise you that. Caring for our pups will keep you busy, and you'll be big and round before you know it."
As soon as they were in the cab, the Alpha pulled his mate onto his lap, purring quietly, running his hands possessively over John's heavy belly in hopes of stimulating the Omega to produce more milk. John mewled quietly as Sherlock rubbed his belly, his navel still exposed; he had a feeling it wasn't going to go back in until after the birth, now. He guided his mate's hands to where some of the pups were moving, moaning softly as Sherlock's touch woke the rest of them, and then he felt his Alpha's demanding mouth suckling at his scent gland and the familiar slight ache in his breasts began as they filled to capacity with milk. By the time they got home all John could do was whine, struggle out of his clothes and crawl onto the bed, writhing as he begged Sherlock to hurry and set up the pump.
Miles perked up immediately. "
Sherlock purred deeply as he continued to claim his mate's mouth, one hand already sliding between their bodies to work at John's belt and trousers.
John keened, shivering a little; he'd only needed it a little faster, and it seemed that Sherlock knew what he wanted and needed instinctively, finding the familiar places of his body, kissing him just the way he liked - dominating and Alpha, but still tender and loving and utterly Sherlock. Their kiss matched the rhythm of their bodies; push and pull, give and take, both of them equal in their desire to please the other. John clenched around the Alpha's huge cock, whimpering into the kiss as he felt his orgasm building; the sensations were piling up, covering him in the best way possible, hands and lips and warm water and Sherlock's weight on top of him, all of it was fantastic. He squeezed Sherlock's plump arse again, kneading in time with the Alpha's thrusts, panting a little more heavily.
Sherlock petted John's hair as the Omega licked and suckled like the Alpha was the best thing he'd ever tasted. The feeling of John's mouth combined with the ongoing effects of the aphrodisiac (refreshed on John during his shower), meant he was hard again in no time at all, and incredibly randy. When John pulled off, the Alpha praised him and led him off the bed.
he begged desperately, blushing furiously at the request.
," John agreed incoherently, arching into his mate's touch. "Yeah. Mmmm... Fucking hell Sherlock, I'm so bloody wet, I can feel it...
Before the Alpha's hand even touched the handle, the lid shot off the pot, hitting the ceiling with a crash and clanging to the floor. Sherlock reeled and jerked his arm back - but not enough. He shouted as the steam and hot cranberries made contact with his skin, pain blooming where he'd been hit. The Alpha immediately scrambled back to his mate - safe on the other side of the room - shielding him by instinct, though all was already over. The whole event had only taken a moment, red, hot stickiness suddenly decorating the ceiling, the nearest cupboards, the floor. Injured, breathing hard, and growling, Sherlock stood in front of John, his Alpha ready for a fight with the threat of the pressure cooker - on which he'd simply forgotten to lock down the lid when John had called him to the bedroom.
Emily's knot had begun to deflate, but Brendan's scent remained ripe with the promise of more pups. "Gorgeous," the pack leader rumbled in approval, "ready for more? Brendan nodded, whimpering as Leo stepped up.
Felix, as usual, was clinging stubbornly to Sherlock and refused to be handed to his mother. "Dada!" he insisted, even as his little lips smacked in search of milk. John chuckled. "Hold him against me, love," he instructed Sherlock, "he'll feed if you hold him." The little Omega looked suspiciously at his father as he was placed against his mother, but when it became clear his sire was still going to hold him, he settled and latched on with a contented grunt.
John blinked stupidly as they emerged into the corridor, adjusting to the slightly stronger lighting, and waddled after Sherlock as they headed for the main lounge bar. The sounds of Alphas chatting and the clinking of glasses barely registered; there was only his Alpha, walking proud and tall as if he owned the Earth itself, holding the leash tightly but with enough slack that John was not uncomfortable. Resisting the urge to purr at the sight of his mate like this, radiating dominance, John padded along behind Sherlock down the wood-panelled corridor until they reached the lounge doors. The doors themselves were imposing and elegant, carved walnut with stained glass panels in an art nouveau style, and they swung open as Sherlock approached.
he replied reproachfully,
Sherlock nodded, briefly closing his eyes as he touched. The blue orbs blinked open again to meet his mate's gaze, softening at the slightly desperate look on John's face. "Mine," he asserted, gently rubbing the taut skin, feeling their pups wriggle and move in response to his touch. "Only mine." He moved closer to nuzzle the Omega contentedly, not caring that they were in public; John was his, forever, and he wanted to touch his Omega. He breathed in deeply, inhaling his mate's scent and exhaling with a sigh that turned into a chuckle. "You broke his nose," he murmured, "Brilliant."
John leaned in to the embrace, almost purring. He let himself rub his belly until they got to the Yard, then clenched his fists by his sides to stop himself doing it, striding after Sherlock into Lestrade's office. The man looked up, surprised to see them so early. "What are you doing here at this hour?" he asked, eyebrows shooting up his forehead. "Wait..." he scented the air, seeking. "You… You two... You've
?" he breathed finally, looking from John to Sherlock. The consulting detective could see the other man's mind working to piece together how such a number came about, the bits of the puzzle not quite fitting together- until suddenly they did, and the Detective Inspector blushed brightly, sitting back in his chair. "Well- that's-," he broke into a broad grin, chortling a little to himself, "that's truly incredible. Congratulations! Never would’ve thought you would be one to want pups of your own, Sherlock."
The instant the knot filled him, John screamed in bliss and came, pushing back against the motion, crying out in relief as his mate's seed spurted into him, coating his womb and finally quenching the burning need of heat. He purred as the egg attached, mewing to let his mate know. He was still utterly Omega, but had enough sentience to push
Sherlock carefully finished his work, then placed the first gentle kiss on top of the bond mark. The thought of John swelling bigger than he was going to already, carrying even more of Sherlock's children, made his cock grow hard inside the Omega again; he rocked his hips a little, making them both shudder and moan in pleasure. He kissed up John's neck, around the soft shell of his ear, on his forehead, both his eyelids, his cheeks, his nose - and finally his soft mouth again, suckling at his mate's lower lip before deepening the kiss, all the while cupping and stroking John's belly. "Fuck, you'll be gigantic," he breathed, "No one could mistake you as not being mine, my mark on your neck and your growing belly on your front, filled so full with my babies. They'll look at us and everyone will know how you must have begged to be like this. I'll have to help you even walk down the street after a while, then just across the flat when you become housebound, and then I'll have to do everything for you, when you can't move from the bed." He continued to kiss John in between sentences, wondering how many his Omega could hold.
All colour visibly drained from Siger Holmes's face, his jaw slackening momentarily at the announcement, and the incredible transgression. The next second his expression contorted to one of pure fury, and Sherlock was aware of a sudden, loud
me - show me how - ah, yes - just your breeder... want it, cock, now, make me take it," he begged breathily, his desperation to please his mate and hurt at having disappointed him obvious in his voice.
He began rolling his hips in a steady rhythm, struggling to keep his grip on the toy as his massive belly made it difficult to hold on to the plastic of the casing.
John gasped at the thought, leaning in to the kisses. "You'll be nursing a lot, in that case... Once a day from twelve to sixteen weeks... Twice a day from sixteen to eighteen, three times from eighteen to twenty," he moaned softly. "Mmm... Yes, please forbid me to use the pump until you can't drink it all," he purred. "I'll give you as much milk as you want... Even when I'm allowed to use the pump I'll still save some for you." He kissed Sherlock's forehead gently. "Mmm... I nearly forgot. I've got a confession to make... I've been a naughty Omega," he whispered playfully, remembering the surprise he'd planned.
He smiled and picked up Enora as the pup began to fuss, stroking her sandy curls. The baby pushed into his hand, yawned, broke wind and giggled.
Sherlock growled deeply in pleasure and moved carefully against his mate; his cock was dripping pre-come, allowing him to slide smoothly along the small of John's back. He grunted softly as he rutted against the Omega, but stopped as soon as he felt John's perineum slowly begin to swell outwards. The Alpha groaned, the feeling of the hot flesh pushing against him even more erotic. He pulled back, dipping his head to lave soothingly over the red, stretched skin. John's body was made to bear his litter, to push out pup after pup, and the Alpha worshiped and cared for it. He sat back and watched as John's hole bulged, more amniotic fluid leaking onto the soiled blankets. The room smelled heavily of birth. Sherlock rubbed John's side, encouraging his mate as he bore their next child.
, he pushed through the bond, smirking. "Get up on your hands and knees," he ordered, "I'm going to mount you and take you like the animal you are."
As soon as he was gone, John struggled off the bed and struggled out of his dress, stripping as quickly as he could. He waddled to his suitcase, clutching the furniture for support as he went, and pulled out the special surprise he'd planned what seemed like months ago. He returned to the bed and pulled it on awkwardly, managing to fasten it properly in spite of his rising Omega mind. He sat back against the headboard, legs spread, knees pulled up to frame his belly, pleased with his handiwork. The white lace bodysuit was exquisite; delicate oval peepholes exposed his nipples, the silky ribbon holding the fabric over his belly closed tied neatly in a bow just under his breasts, the small peephole in the gusset exposing his hole as he pulled his knees up a little higher. He stopped fighting his Omega then, and began caressing his belly lovingly, praising his Alpha to the pups, milk beginning to bead on his rosy nipples once more as he waited for his husband to return.
how good an Alpha you are, how well you protected me... going to give me your huge knot, make me clench around it again and again as you knot me so hard it feels like I've got a pup about to birth... Mmm, that's right, good boy... You love my milk, don't you? Love suckling like a pup at my breast?" he murmured approvingly, his every word and action conveying his total adoration of his mate.
The moment the last word left his mate's lips John came with a soft cry, gripping the sheets tightly in his fists. "Oh, god, Sherlock, what you do to me..." he murmured, "you make me come just by rubbing the belly full of pups you gave me. Only another three and a half months and you'll be a father to
John kissed Sherlock's forehead and allowed the Alpha to lick his bondbite thoroughly before waddling into the corridor in search of a doctor. He soon found a doctor on duty and explained their situation. The doctor, however, was resistant to the idea of having so many children in one room. John sighed. "Look, as a doctor, I can tell you that he will sleep easier and heal faster with all of his children near him. As his wife, I can tell you that if he is kept from any of his children,
"They are embedded with tracking chips," Mycroft explained gently, fingers twitching like he wished he had an umbrella to twirl as a distraction, "and can be engraved with their names or any other information you wish."
the recipient." Moriarty's eyes went even wider.
Sherlock kissed between John's shoulder blades as he reached down to turn up the speed of the pumps, turning it up just a few notches before moving back to caressing his mate's belly. He could feel their pups wriggling and active beneath his hands, and purred loudly, beginning to stimulate the nub of John's protruding navel. "So wet for me," he growled, "You love being milked like this, don't you? You get off on it." He sped up the rhythm of his own thrusting a little faster, to match with the pumps. "Tell me, how will it feel after you've birthed all my pups, to have two constantly suckling at your full breasts? You'll be leaking constantly, producing so much we'll have to pump you between feedings, just to soothe the ache of your enormous teats."
Waves of water began to spill over the sides of the tub as Sherlock increased his pace, responding to his mate's scent. He snarled in approval and bit more harshly with each press of lips, visibly marking his claim with each kiss-bite, purpling his Omega's neck and shoulders with dark bruises. John's submission, the utter
John blushed and mewled happily into the kiss, his inner Omega in ecstasy at pleasing his mate so well. When they finally broke apart he nudged the squashy package containing the scarf and gloves towards his mate with his foot, his apprehensive glance encouraging him to open that one next; he had chosen a herringbone design, simple and classic but which looked complex and had obviously taken a great deal of effort to make so neat. It was traditional, of course, for an Omega to make handmade items for their Alpha, a sign to the outside world that their relationship was loving (crafting things by hand took time, after all), that the Omega was skilled and that the Alpha had both attracted them and made them happy enough that they wished to bestow time and labour intensive gifts. John bit his lip a little nervously, hoping that at least if Sherlock balked at wearing something so homely the afterglow of the beehive and the cuteness of the onesies would make up for it.
John almost melted in relief as he caught Sherlock's smile and kissed him back eagerly, Sherlock's feelings radiating warmly through their bond and he could have cried that Sherlock was so proud. He nuzzled as close as he could get, wrapping his arms around the Alpha, relieved that the gift had been a success. When they drew back John's eyes were a little watery and he blinked the tears away quickly, muttering that he was being stupidly Omega. "I'm glad you like them love," John murmured softly. "The one at the back next, then your card," he purred, excited to gauge his mate's reactions to his last two presents. He rubbed his bump absently, unable to keep his hands off it if he wasn't paying attention, as he watched Sherlock pull the gloves off delicately and fold them carefully on top of the scarf so he could attack his final gifts.
The guests settled back into their chairs, chattering, while the toastmaster raised his voice once again. "The groom will now make his speech, after which there will be the first half of the murder mystery play. There will then be a break while the meal is served and you will have the opportunity to question the characters, and then the second half of the play. So, ladies and gentlemen, if I could ask you once again, please give a warm round of applause for the groom."
Sherlock understood his little pup's wishes perfectly. "There, there," he murmured, placing a kiss to the baby's damp locks. He stood and brought Alistair over to his siblings, chuckling when the baby began to hum louder in frustration and eagerness, twisting in his arms and reaching towards his little plastic tub with focus. As soon as he was back in the bath, he gave a joyful cry, batting his tiny palms against the water and sending a large splash of water onto Arthur, who shrieked loudly with glee. Their sire grinned, just turning back to his mate when he heard a curious, plaintive whimper. The Alpha looked over his shoulder. Alistair now enjoying himself in the bath, Felix wanted his special time with his daddy. He began to fuss sadly, his eyes filling with tears that Sherlock had forgotten about him. It only took the father a moment before he was lifting the distraught baby into his arms, kissing him apologetically. "Your turn now," he said reassuringly, "It's okay now, no need to be upset - Daddy just didn't know you wanted him."
Sherlock set to work immediately. In a minute, pot and pan were being heated on the stove, the bacon beginning to sizzle happily as the Alpha stirred the beans. In a stirring of lustful curiosity, Sherlock had added a few more rashers than normal; an entire second can of beans would have been too obvious, but an extra egg or two would be added to the omelette, a few extra spoons of yoghurt heaped into the Omega's bowl. John's first breakfast had been large, and now, not even an hour later, the Omega was asking for even
"Three more small litters sounds about perfect," John smiled. "A set of twins and two sets of triplets... That'll give us twenty-one children... And we can still manage with an eight bedroom house if they share three to a room. I honestly don't know if I've even got any eggs left, thirteen is a very high number to drop this close to andropause, but I feel like I've got at least one more litter in me. I'll love having more of your pups," he crooned, finally putting the wand away and cleaning the gel off his belly. He kissed his mate and wriggled out of his clothes again, feeling himself falling asleep. "Houses tomorrow?" he mewled quietly, yawning. "Love you. Mmm..." he hummed as his Alpha kissed his belly. "Pups like it when you do that. They wriggle more when you touch me. They know their daddy's touch," he purred, rolling over to give Sherlock full access to his gravid bump.
Sherlock smiled and hummed at John, nuzzling his Omega and purring. As soon as John's pressing, tempting behaviours passed, so did the majority of his annoyance; he thought less about the barrier preventing his mate from conceiving more children when John was trying so lovingly to please him. He felt more of his own conscious mind returning, and captured John's lips in his own, continuing to rock gently with his Omega to bring them both pleasure, drawing John close against him and feeling his mate's radiating warmth.
he insisted, even as the physician entered the room to give him his first dose of pain medication.
he begged, craning his neck and he whined and nuzzled his Alpha, his hole giving way to accept the growing knot with every thrust, shaking with lust and aching to come.
Sherlock had one more command for John before releasing him from his current state. For a brief moment, however, he could not remember what it was - not with John in front of him like this, teats expanding to their limit, now too big to receive any sort of support from the lingerie's meagre bra. The Alpha was practically salivating at the sight. He wanted to push John as far as he could, to withhold milking him until he couldn't take it anymore. Licking his lips, he nodded in agreement with his own thought.
!" he gasped, mouth open in surprise, a smile tugging at the corners of his lips. "About bloody time!"
Blake (emerald) is a mini-John. He has sandy straight hair and pale blue eyes.
"You... You'd like more?" John realised, stroking his Alpha's cheek. "The only things I'm worried about are space and money. We made this many babies because we fought it so long, I was exposed to more of your scent and dropped more eggs and our bond was already strong enough for you to fertilise all of them, if we have another litter it will be smaller, but I don't know how we'll manage for money as it is... If money was no issue, I'd give you as many babies as you want. I
"No."
Sherlock actually whined in pleasure as his Omega squeezed his breast for him, pumping more of his thin, new milk into his mouth. The Alpha switched to the other breast soon after to give it equal attention, noting how it was swollen even further, the nipple puffy and erect as it dripped. Sherlock lapped up the trail of liquid along the swollen mound until he reached the rosy red nub, eagerly latching on. "Mmm, fuck, yes, John, you've always been mine - your body has known it from the start... You were made for me to breed you.. I'll fill you as often as you like, stay in bed all day just to give you my cock, fuck you just as hard even though you're massively pregnant, immobile, at the absolute mercy of my thrusts. I'll make you beg and cry out for it, whimpering and moaning for me to go faster since you're too enormous to help yourself... Too huge and heavy to even reach your own cock..."
"2016," Sherlock spat, wiping his mouth.
, and filled me with your babies, and bit me so everyone would always know who my Alpha is. You've looked after me so well this year, provided a house and a nest, kept me fed and washed and
After about half an hour the first pup began to wake and fuss, wanting to be fed and changed, and John purred a little louder to reassure Benedict that he was nearby as well as to encourage the Alpha to wake. "Sherlock?" he murmured tenderly, not sure if the Alpha was back to his normal self or if he wanted his Mummy a little while longer.
"I haven't decided yet, Mama. I want to be like Daddy and solve puzzles, but I want to be like you too and help sick people."
"What about the birth itself?" Sherlock asked, stroking John's hair as if the Omega were a favoured pet. He shifted a bit uncomfortably, beginning to truly feel his mate's heaviness as John pressed up against him, "Last time you mentioned a hospital birth, and I informed you John and I had already decided against such a course of action - in fact, considering even his current size, it would be too much of a task to consider moving him from this room. You mentioned a midwife, if we chose home birth - which we obviously have done - but I want no outsiders in my nest even now, and will be less and less amenable to the idea as I succumb to my Alpha."
told you why I'm really here, Johnny boy. I can give Sherlock everything he ever wanted - the excitement, the adoration, the
"Right, sod this. You three, in, sweep the gallery. He'll have snipers up there and we have to neutralise them before we do anything else. You four, on the roof. Go." The black-clad men hurried to obey Lestrade's command as the Inspector clenched and unclenched his fists nervously. He hoped he hadn't left it too late.
He moaned wantonly as he dragged the flat of his tongue over the servant's leaking hole, revelling in the heavenly scent and taste, pushing his face against the other Omega's arse and eating him out until his face was shiny with it. John’s cock throbbed violently when he realised he could taste the three Alphas who had bred the club Omega in the man’s slick; there was a hint of firewood that belonged to one, the tang of salt and sea air from another, and coffee from the third. The scents told him that the three Alphas were not of one pack, and images of the servant being bred for show at the club by paying members flashed through John’s mind, made him squirm helplessly with lust.
John beamed at his mate, eyes shining, and squeezed his hand as he sat back down. "That was
, the Alpha echoed with a smile, pressing a hand to John's belly.
.." he breathed, his vocabulary deserting him as John bobbed and hummed around the head of his cock. "Just- one hour from now, yes,
"But I
"I can't even imagine," Oliver said smoothly, helping himself to another cupcake. "I had enough trouble telling the twins apart sometimes - identical, you know - but having to learn thirteen different names and faces at once must have taken a bit of time!"
Mycroft bit back a derisive snort -
, he sent, the hand around John's waist moving between the Omega's cheeks in response to the heady scent curling around the couple, his fingers lightly circling John's dripping entrance.
Further encouragement turned out to be wholly unnecessary; as soon as she'd heard the word "Daddy" the baby had squealed and crawled determinedly over to Sherlock, seating herself near his thigh and using it to try to push herself to stand. John purred loudly. "Looks like we're even again... And we're running out of pups..."
," the Alpha choked, beginning to sob for his mother.
Dark hair is... is statistically probable," he began, tears still falling from his red-rimmed eyes, "Though... though we could have some blond, and a few a-auburn. Curls... lots will have curls.. or- or waves.. a few straight... Blue eyes... we both have blue eyes... Some... like yours, others like mine..."
John mused happily, kissing Sherlock's cheek.
Anderson? Your scent markers are similar," he asked, emphasising the Alpha's first name, knowing by scent this Beta doctor was close enough a relation to know him, and would therefore know that he had been suspended without pay for attempting to poach a pregnant Omega from his mate, maybe even that the pair in question had been John and Sherlock - a subtle reminder that the last Anderson to threaten Sherlock's pups had nearly been strangled to death and then had a row of scars left slashed across his cheek. The Beta doctor exhaled heavily. "He's my half-cousin. And for the record, I think he's an idiot." He paused. "Thirteen is... Unprecedented, but I'm sure you knew that. It won't be risk free, but then no pregnancy is. I would not recommend that you attempt a natural birth, however. With multiples there are more things that can go wrong and it is best to be in a hospital, should the need arise for emergency surgery. If you do intend to attempt it, I strongly recommend that you have at least a private midwife, ideally a private doctor, on call to attend. They will of course take care of noting down the times and weights while you two focus on each other and birthing the next one which will be easier for you when it comes to birth certificates. Do you know how many of each you're having?" he asked crisply, the mention of his shamed relation making him determined to be utterly professional and as helpful as possible.
John purred softly as the pups began to burble happily in response to the strengthening of the pack bond. "Nearly time for lunch," he promised them, feeling his breasts swell a little more as it grew closer to feeding time. The triplets began to move too, tumbling and kicking inside him, and he rubbed his belly to soothe them as Sherlock got off the floor.
Sherlock inhaled sharply as the second egg dropped. The change in John's scent flooded his senses, his mind clouding with the promise of another litter as his knot began to swell at the base of his cock. His whole body felt warm and eager, humming with energy as he prepared to breed his mate once more. "God, yes," he gasped, snapping his hips forward. "John, you gorgeous Omega-" Sherlock was rapidly becoming euphoric. His knot beginning to catch with each thrust, he smiled blissfully, pressing kiss after kiss to John's lips. They were going to have pups again, growing their family to twenty, and perhaps even more, certainly even more- "I love you," he moaned, beginning to work John's cock faster. His own orgasm coiled low in his belly, his cock throbbing. "God, John, I love-" He gave a low groan as he thrust deep, his knot swelling and locking them together as he emptied his hot seed into his mate.
," he growled nuzzling the Omega's neck roughly in anticipation of the bond bite. He snarled as John bared his neck to him, the submissive gesture sending him into a frenzy, and he clamped down, sinking his teeth hard into the Omega's sweat-drenched flesh.
The Alphas all looked similar in age; they had identical packmarks on their right shoulders, like the one Mycroft had given Sherlock. Two of them had a very strong resemblance to each other and were very obviously brothers, with the blond being taller than his brunet sibling. The third was shorter, of a more athletic build, dark-skinned, dark-haired, dark-eyed.
along and how many babies you gave me," he purred blissfully.
, please..." He gave a long, soft moan as his scent spiked; the pack all twitched, their nostrils flaring as they scented the air.
cock up my arse and show me
," he breathed again desperately, his brother's use of the old endearment flooding him with familiar feelings of warmth and security, tinged now with a recognizable sadness.
It proved quite a balancing game to both eat and attend to the babies. Benedict didn't seem to want to leave John's lap. With an awed expression, the pup watched his mother eat, making grabbing motions with his tiny, fat fists every time John lifted another forkful from his plate. Sherlock looked on, amused but slightly wistful, before engaging Greg and Molly in conversation.
Sherlock nodded slightly. "I ... did not expect for that to happen," he murmured honestly. He had wanted to say he'd wished John had never found out about that part of his childhood in that manner, but realized immediately that that was not entirely true - that, surprisingly, he could not say he regretted what had passed between them. He'd trusted his Omega enough to regress into a child's mind, and John had cared for him as if he were his own precious pup. And Sherlock had felt loved, felt forgiven. The Alpha sighed and lay his head on his mate's shoulder, watching their baby nurse. "I hope you will not judge my own mother too harshly for whatever insights you may have had into my younger days."
With a long groan, Sherlock came, his knot swelling hugely and breaching John's entrance. He continued thrust as much as he could manage inside his Omega, grunting with each snap of his hips, fucking John hard through his orgasm. He guided John's hand to the Omega's small cock, instructing John to pleasure himself as they moved together, the Alpha's hands moving to cup John's obscenely full, leaking teats in both hands.
if you fuck me now," he purred, "I'm already so tender from earlier..."
"Ohhhhh..." John gasped decadently, throwing his head back into the pillows as his mate's enormous cock forced his walls out of the way. He spread his legs wide, hooking them over the back of Sherlock's calves as they rocked together. His hands found their way to Sherlock's back and it was the Omega's turn to cling to his Alpha, fingers digging in to his pale back.
Sherlock bit down laughter as the tailor seemed to flounder. "You... you want a suit? I ... it's possible, but it would be costly. Predicting your size and shape that far along - with thirteen - it's.. it's... it would take quite a lot of work, you'd need to be fitted almost constantly the week before the date - that's not to say that it can't be done - however, I believe a paternity dress would be a much more doable option. It is your choice, though." The Alpha listened with satisfaction, but didn't say a word. John would have whatever outfit he wanted, no matter the cost or time; it would be the Omega's final decision.
Sherlock's hands pressed harder against the taut skin in response, roaming slowly over John's gravidity. His lust-darkened gaze lay solely on the fullness of the Omega's belly and breasts; it flickered upwards briefly to test his mate's reaction as he began to massage his partner's engorged middle, his fingers exploring the flesh greedily, his cock practically throbbing inside the Omega in his excitement. Ducking his head, he dragged his teeth slowly over one darkened nipple as his thumb flicked the nub of the Omega's belly button.
" he growled, oblivious to Mycroft's noises of embarrassed indignation at the other end. His toes curled into the mattress, his free hand gripping a pillow hard as he tried not to thrust up into his mate or cry out. "
John sent breathily,
Leading his mate patiently up the stairs, the Alpha held his head high, his shoulders back, a display of dominance and assurance in face of John's bashfulness. The strange attitude pleased his instinct immensely, drawing forth the body language of pride, encouraging him to stand taller. He helped John into the specially-reinforced chair, and took his own place in the one facing it, keeping his mate's hands closed warmly in his own.
John giggled fondly at Sherlock, smiling as Molly won the cracker pull with Lestrade and put her pale pink crown on with a shy smile. Mrs Hudson and picked hers up and was trying to interest Mycroft in pulling the other end to limited success, but at a glare from Sherlock the Alpha heaved a put-upon sigh and pulled it with good grace. He won. John roared with laughter as the Beta woman grabbed the royal blue crown and jammed it on Mycroft's head before he could protest. The British Government rolled his eyes, but left it on. Lestrade pulled one with Sherlock and ended up with a forest green crown, which pleased him immensely, and after Mrs Hudson had stolen Mycroft's cracker and pulled it with John she won a lavender-coloured one. Bing Crosby crooned softly in the background as they began to eat, crowns rustling as they moved. John saw that Sherlock was still having a bit of trouble wielding cutlery with his injured hand, so he leaned across and cut everything into bite-sized pieces, enabling the Alpha to scoop everything with his fork. He smiled fondly at his mate and squeezed his knee under the table. "I'm so proud of you, love," he whispered. "Everything is
"What - oh, yes. Definitely concussed... If you'll excuse me I need to go and... consult a colleague," the doctor managed, fleeing the room.
As soon as the pup blinked at him, John's tears turned to happy ones. He crooned gently, weakly, wrapping his arm around the tiny boy and drawing him protectively close so he could nurse. The baby latched on needily, clinging as closely to John as possible, and the Omega whimpered for his mate, nuzzling him when he came close. He sent a wave of gratitude and adoration through their bond, taking his hand and lacing their fingers together. He was too weak to vocalise much; his body sensed that he needed a rest and the three pups still in his belly waited patiently for their turn. John sighed as Benedict finished nursing and lay passively as Sherlock placed him with his siblings, purring quietly as Iris and Imogen were brought to him demanding their next meal. Glancing around the circle of cots, he looked at the ten stopped clocks; he'd been in labour for nearly twelve hours, and there were still three more to come. His breathing steadied as he nursed the girls in tandem, sneaking a glance at his mate; he knew the sight of him nursing two pups next to a pile of happily full dozing babies, with more still in his belly making him large and round, would be doing nothing to abate his Alpha's erection. His mate had been so good to him, had patiently washed and fucked and fed him, and now he wanted to be good for his mate. Spreading his legs a little, he purred invitingly.
Clenching hard around the knot, John's whole body stiffened as he came, his orgasm so intense he couldn't even cry out; all the air seemed crushed from his lungs, his cock jerking and spurting everywhere, his mouth open in a silent scream of bliss. Finally he took a gasping, shuddering breath, mewling quietly at his mate to assure him that all was well, feeling as if he had never come so hard in his life. The knot pulsed and the Omega keened as he came again at the sensation, panting hard as the tension slowly drained out of him and he grew pliant and soft-limbed under his Alpha once more.
"Holmes. Sherlock Holmes," the Alpha murmured, looking down his nose at the man. Drawn up to his full height, his posture impeccable, Sherlock radiated quiet power. The doorman nodded, then silently took measure of the newcomer's mate; as soon as he set eyes on John, he bowed to the Alpha in approval. "Sherlock Holmes and Omega. Reservation for this evening." he noted, pulling out a sleek leather notebook from his suit, and checking off the Alpha's name written in flawless, elegant script. "All is in order." With that, he turned and rapped out a succinct rhythm on the door. There was a moment's pause, before the dark wood swung inward readily, revealing an elegant, mahogany-paneled reception room. "Please, come in," a smooth voice entreated, "Welcome to Pendleton's."
John returned huskily,
them and let them watch," Sherlock corrected. "But yes, we should." He brought several of the pups with him and sat down heavily at the base of the tree and grabbed a box that  seemed to have caught Enora's attention. "What could it be?" the Alpha cooed as the pup grunted and flailed eagerly, her little eyes wide as she reached towards the colourful paper.
John kept lapping and sucking at him, using his hands to stimulate the parts he couldn't reach. He hummed around his Alpha's cock again, knowing the vibrations would feel good, and moved so that his belly was brushing Sherlock's calf, rubbing the little swell against his leg. He sped up his attentions, wanting Sherlock to come even though he knew he wouldn't be able to swallow the large volume of come his Alpha would produce.
John almost whimpered, his breathing heavy and laboured. He'd gone through hell when Sherlock had 'died', but they'd never discussed that either - just knowing that Sherlock had gone through all of that, pining and lonely, beaten and tortured and scared, made his heart ache, sharp and pulsing. "I - after you - left, I... I didn't have a heat for a year," he whispered brokenly, knowing Sherlock would understand the significance; Omegas were designed to go into heat and would only lose them if they suffered the worst kinds of trauma. He'd never discussed his heats with Sherlock, it was too painful thinking the detective had no interest in them, but now was a time for honesty between them. "I missed you so much, Sherlock. I never knew you'd suffered so much... I'm sorry you had to go through that," he added softly, clenching on the knot. "But look at us now... we'll be a family of fifteen soon." He nuzzled his mate's temple, pushing as much adoration and acceptance as he could through the bond. "And we'll have more babies after this, I'll be swollen with your next litter before you know it."
Sherlock sighed blissfully,
John was going mad, he was sure of it. He needed something bigger than his fingers and Sherlock was still here. "For crying out loud Sherlock, please either leave or fuck me, because I
John closed his eyes and smiled as his Alpha's hand carded through his hair and hummed lightly at the band on his belly. "I'm only this fertile for
John purred happily at Sherlock's promises. "Mmm... Perfect. I'll need to be milked every hour or so towards the birth... I'll need you all the time, you'll be almost constantly hard and buried in me," he mewled, still licking at his neck, tasting his Alpha. "Hmm... Don't pretend, you love the thought of my milk leaking through my suit, proving how very
he ordered,
- letting my pack Alpha, my older sister, breed her...
John cooed and squealed in bliss, the scent of the pups in his belly blooming and growing stronger, encouraging and rewarding the Alpha. John was too far gone to be capable of anything but simple adoration of his mate, blind admiration that wrapped around him and promised loyalty and comfort, but the feelings flowing between them were easy enough to discern;
Most of the pups were contented to be lay carefully back on the floor, but Felix began to cry as soon as Sherlock began to move him, causing the Alpha to pick him up. Adam, too, wouldn't budge, and so the father set off to the kitchen with one pup clinging to his curls, and the other resting against his shoulder.
Sherlock smiled fondly down at his mate, touched by John's consideration. "I would..," he agreed quietly. For all his fantasies, the Alpha felt it was an honour to be allowed to collar John, his wife and the mother of his children. He wrapped his arms tightly around his mate and breathed in his scent. "I can have Mycroft send over as soon as you wish. You might like to think about what colour leather you prefer, which metals, and of course, what you might want on the tag....," he rambled, still a bit in disbelief that John was ready and willing to do this, "Or I could surprise you, if you prefer." It was traditional for the Alpha to choose their Omega's collar based on their own tastes, without any choice on the part of the submissive partner, but Sherlock wished for John to feel as comfortable as possible; to be collared was a huge step, and although they were never ones to follow tradition, they could not completely deny the connotations that came with it.
"Iris... Go see Daddy! Go on sweetheart, show Daddy how well you can crawl... That's my good girl... Go and say hello to Daddy," John encouraged, beaming at his daughter. Iris perked up at the sound of her name and turned her head to look at Sherlock, glancing back at John to check this was what he wanted before flopping on to her belly and crawling over to Sherlock. "Ha! Four all," John smirked as Iris reached Sherlock's hip, reaching for her father in a silent demand to be lifted and cuddled.
Though he hadn't spoken aloud, the confession made his throat burn. The Alpha's breathing shallowed, small gasps of pain beginning to escape with each inhale.
, he echoed with a deep rumble in his chest,
Without hesitancy, he bent further down to kiss the Omega's feet, a submissive gesture of utmost apology. He couldn't see his mate's face from beneath John's breasts and the swell of his belly, but pressed gentle kisses to the man's shins, knees, and thighs as he came to kneeling, nuzzling and pressing his lips to John's cock before rubbing his cheek against the Omega's belly, tenderly caressing the skin with utter adoration - the gesture not only a sign of affection for their pups but a profession of his love of John's Omega, of what it had given to him.  The Alpha ran his hands along his mate's curves as he stood, his heart breaking sharply at his wife's expression. Quietly, he scooped the Omega up in his arms and carried him back to the nest. He toed back some of the blankets on the low mattress with his foot and lay John down, climbing in next to him and pulling the warm fabric snugly back over them both. He didn't have any more words, any more desire to say what he wanted; he'd tried that, and this is what it got him. He simply held his mate, pushing pure love and acceptance through the bond.
at me... god, I nearly melted right there, my knees went weak... I considered handcuffing myself to my bed so I wouldn't go to your room that night," he keened, "nobody's ever looked at me that way Sherlock... what did she say to you? Oh, fuck... please, please, I - I can't..."
Sherlock kept his face carefully neutral, considering the mobile, considering John's large belly. For once, he was torn over accepting the assignment; his Alpha instincts desired that he stay home, in the safety of the nest, protecting the pregnant Omega and their pups. Allowing John outside would make him vulnerable. Something could happen. His mate could be hurt. Their pups might be put in danger. Sherlock shook his head, as if shaking water out of his ears, and accepted the call.
Remington started, managing to keep Adam perfectly steady even though his head snapped upwards, his eyes wide with surprise at being addressed. His pale cheeks grew very red as the question itself registered. The younger Omega's lips parted to speak for a moment, but he thought better of it, only answering with a tiny, shy nod. Yes, he wanted pups more than anything in the whole world. Did John think he would make a good mother, he wondered? Probably not. He wasn't anything like John. Remington was still trying to fathom the fact that a male Omega could be bred, first of all, but also held in so much esteem by his Alpha, his pack - everyone - despite his primary and secondary gender combination.
it!" John cried petulantly, obeying nonetheless and desperately filling himself with his fingers again, hoping that would please Sherlock.
. In no time, the three were filing into the room, the women smiling shyly as they retrieved the sated pups, Beatrice handing off several to Mrs Hudson at the door before coming back for more. Remington purred lowly as he gathered up the two Omega boys and strode out to join the pack.
The servant nodded, and began flipping through the pages. The binder was well organized, organized by pregnant versus non-pregnant Omegas, who were then sorted by age and size (if pregnant). In a minute, he had several different quality choices at the ready. Quietly, Sherlock considered his choices, and soon pressed a finger decisively to one of the profiles. "This one, for now," he murmured, thrusting his hips up into his mate, "I will let you know later if I will be in need of another. And once you've ordered and my knot has deflated, I will be needing you back here. I want you to have some light play time with my Omega before we leave for a little while. No penetration, simply frottage, fondling, kissing.. You understand."
John mewled, softly and prettily, as he accepted Sherlock's attentions, sighing in bliss and releasing a sweeter scent to show his mate how completely satisfied he was; toffee and chocolate mingled with notes of cream, a scent designed to encourage and reward the Alpha. Still love-drunk and floating in subspace, John shifted and pulled his knees up to his chest, framing his belly while leaving himself utterly spread open for Sherlock - the position was totally vulnerable, one of the most submissive positions an Omega could take. He looked almost like an affectionate puppy, begging to have his belly rubbed as he fawned over his master; he massaged Sherlock's chest lightly, lapping at his jaw and whining gently, showing his boundless adoration for his Alpha.
" Sherlock snarled suddenly, moving John further behind him, bearing his teeth and urging his partner back. His eyes flashed in warning. "
He hooked two fingers in John's collar and guided the Omega away from his cock. John's face was wet and glistening where Sherlock's precome had leaked over it and been rubbed in by the Omega's fervent nuzzling. "How is the vibrator feeling, hmm? Hold onto my knees and pull yourself to standing."
He suckled with renewed vigour at the second breast, the milk flowing quickly and easily into his mouth with each little pull. He hiccupped softly and then continued his rhythm, whining quietly for more of the creamy liquid and purring happily when the Omega's body obliged.
Sherlock watched almost hungrily as the whole process happened, John's massive body squeezing out his firstborn, the Omega's mammoth belly rolling and tightening with each contraction, every pain bringing the child closer. He kept contact with his mate until he saw John's already-bulging perineum beginning to swell more heavily, and the Omega's slick entrance beginning to part and open around a dark head of hair. Within minutes, accompanied by a deep growl of triumph from the Alpha, the first pup was being expelled into his hands. Pride already surging through him, Sherlock immediately lifted the little, slick body to his chest, instinct immediately dictating that he clean the child's airways. As the pup - a big little boy - let out his first wail, the Alpha thought to reach for a towel. The child's wet mop of dark hair became noticeable curls as it dried. Sherlock clamped and cut the cord quickly, shifting around to his mate's front and presenting him the small, towelled thing with a joyful purr and an affectionate, approving lick to John's face.
"Sleep aids would be lovely," Sherlock answered for his sobbing mate; the Alpha anticipated that John might not be able to sleep on his own without being knotted. "Call Mycroft," he ordered Lestrade, as the woman retrieved the requested medicine, "Update him on the situation, though I'm sure he's already on his way." He smiled gratefully as the paramedic held out the sleep aids, bowing her head deferentially until Sherlock took them. "Thank you for your work, and for your kindness," he murmured sincerely, "You may be dismissed." The Beta nodded and packed her things.
John whined pleadingly; he knew he couldn't hold back his orgasm much longer and craved his mate's approval.
Sherlock had been holed away, unmoving, in his mind palace for the entirety of John's shift, the black cloud John's departure never leaving him. His Omega's scent began to bring him back to reality, the fragrance tainted with the smells of others - Omegas, Betas, but no Alphas, he realized. He could smell the food on the kitchen counter, as well, his mate's attempt to please him. The attempt was even clearer when he sensed John at his side, his uneasiness made clear through their bond. The Alpha rolled over slowly, looking his naked mate up and down with sorrowful eyes.
, he sent warmly,
ADDITIONAL WARNING TAGS FOR THIS CHAPTER
Sherlock had gone red from head to toe when John admitted, for the first time this pregnancy, that he could not get up on his own. The Alpha's whole body felt burning hot as the Omega was helped to standing with some difficulty, and it took all his self-control not to bar John's progress to the bathroom and whisk him off to the nearest empty room for a thorough claiming. He would make sure the wheelchair became necessary, he thought, as determined as if John had set a formal challenge. The Alpha had begun compiling a careful strategy, when his plan was shattered by what came out of Enora's mouth next.
, he clarified,
John smiled back at his mate. "So thoughtful," he purred, blushing at the praise. "Mmm, it's much harder for me to stand and sit now... soon I'll be too heavy to ride you," he said quietly. "By the time it gets to our wedding the only positions I'll be able to manage are on all fours, with you mounting me like an animal, or on my side, lying there huge and helpless as you fuck me from behind," he added breathily. He smiled at the thought of the wedding, now only a few weeks away; the invitations had been sent and accepted, the first suit fitting had gone well (although John had insisted that Sherlock not see his dress beforehand) and the catering had all been arranged. The flowers had been ordered too, white carnations with Sweet William and blue hyacinths, forget-me-nots and yellow roses. His blush deepened when he remembered the lingerie he'd be wearing, excited and impatient to show it to Sherlock, although he was equally looking forward to showing off the Christmas surprise he had planned.
"Unfair," Sherlock growled in protest as the pack leader picked up the chubby pup, Arthur purring lazily as he was lifted. Of all their current pups, Arthur had the least tendency to show strong preference for one parent over another; who he reached for was a matter of pure, sloth-driven convenience, though some days he inexplicably refused to leave Sherlock's presence, and other days, John was the only one he wanted.
mess in our social and business circles," the other Alpha continued, "I think you owe me something for all the trouble you've caused. And besides, is it not traditional to receive the blessing of one's sire before one marries? A new Omega should be approved of by the pack."
I'd have said to hell with convention and offered myself to you instead of waiting to be claimed..."
The doctor left to arrange the scan and John simply sat there cradling Sherlock, rocking him oh-so-gently until the Alpha was finally sated and milk-drunk. He kissed his mate's forehead tenderly. "I'm sorry your head hurts, love. Feels a bit better for having a feed, hmm? Good, that's good. We just need to get you scanned to make sure you've not got any internal bleeding and then we can get you some more pain meds and settle you for the night and you can have a nice long sleep, okay?" "We're ready for him now," the doctor announced, leaning into the room. "Will you help get him in the machine? He's far more... pliant with you than he is with us." John chuckled. "Come on then, love. Up we get, time for a scan. Do you want to hold Mummy's hand on the way?"
, he willed.
Some of the other pups took this as a cue to start babbling as well; at Sherlock's foot Imogen screeched "Bah!", which was as close to "bear" as she could manage, and Miles flopped on to his back near Mycroft's ankles, chanting "Mywof Mywof Mywof!" while he tried to grab his own feet. Arthur woke at the noise and pushed himself to sitting, grunting in displeasure at the noise; he looked around the room for a few seconds, looking at each of his parents, before realising that his uncle was closest and wouldn't require any effort to reach, and raised his arms demanding to be lifted.
John felt his pulse spike at his mate's dominance and keened happily as he was finally given permission to suck his Alpha's cock. He rushed to the bed and dropped to his knees as quickly as his massive bulk would allow, pressing eagerly close and rubbing himself against Sherlock's leg as he took his mate's enormous cock into his mouth and began to suck. The scent of his slick and sweat grew sweeter as he bobbed his head, taking a little more of Sherlock's length each time, his frantic need to please his Alpha helping him suppress his gag reflex. His eyelids fluttered as he approached the brink of subspace; just a few more directions and words of praise from his mate and he'd lose himself completely. His thoughts filtered fuzzily through their bond, unaware he'd even sent them;
. The Alpha grinned a little,
John shivered and pressed in to his mate, rubbing himself against the Alpha to cover himself in Sherlock's scent. He felt utterly reassured by the Alpha's words and actions, not quite enough to purr just yet, but enough to send timid contentment through the bond. He licked Sherlock's chest affectionately and wrapped his arms around him tightly, stilling himself, exhaling the last of his tremors.
Once again, he hurried out of the room and to the pantry, where an enormous box was tucked away in the corner. The other Omegas did most of the cooking, and so Sherlock had been confident John wouldn't even enter the small room to glimpse the unusual addition. He didn't bother to open it, but had to bend at the knees as he lifted its hefty mass, feeling the weight of the three enormous tiers inside.
In the middle of the floor, Arthur snored loudly and wriggled, dozing happily where he lay. John gazed at him, smiling. "Arthur, you're supposed to be refereeing..."
He gazed hopefully at his Alpha, his expression somewhere between shy adoration and nervous apprehension.
," he yelled, just to annoy him. Sherlock didn't have to know that while he might be able to say that, he absolutely could not do it now that Sherlock had forbidden it. He was beginning to feel a little unhinged with the need to be filled and fucked and claimed, felt his head tilting invitingly when he caught a strong blast of Sherlock's scent. He let out another needy, wanting whine, unsatisfied and hating it, wanting
He drew John closer nonetheless; her bond didn't make her any less of a threat. Thirteen pups and a fertile Omega could prove especially tempting to a less-controlled Alpha - even a greedy or desperate Omega might make an attempt to poach their children. Sherlock hissed threateningly at the potential challenger, every inch of his posture radiating a clear message:
he moaned softly, propping himself up on his elbows to get a better look.
Catherine greeted the pups who had come to her by scooping them into her arms and sitting them in her lap, crooning to them softly as Mycroft continue to hold the still-fussing Blake. "I think he wants to be fed," Mycroft said thoughtfully, setting the little Omega on the floor and smiling as he made a beeline for his mother. John lifted the baby and exposed his breast, humming a soft lullaby as his son began to suckle; Adam was soon tugging at his shirt too, wanting to be fed, and once John had started to nurse him as well Viola and Lucy both crowded round him, asking for milk.
"Right. As I'm sure you can see, your Alpha is concussed. He has performed poorly on vision, memory, and coordination tests, and some of his symptoms are unusually severe. I'm going to recommend a CT scan," the Beta informed John. "I don't think there's internal bleeding, but we need to be certain. We can fit him in as soon as he... finishes. No matter what we find, however, he'll need to stay overnight for observation."
Felix squealed and laughed with delight, squirming in his father's arms and relaxing further at the attention although he nuzzled a little closer anyway, as if afraid he'd be put back in his bath if he let his guard down. Lucy perked up at the sound and began to giggle as well, burbling happily as she splashed Enora, and John ruffled her hair as he pushed their baths closer together. "They're starting to wrinkle," he hummed softly, catching Imogen's little fist as she waved it at him and examining her pruned fingers. "Few more minutes, babies?" Several of the pups babbled in response to his questioning tone of voice, grinning and squeaking, and John chuckled at the sound.
John nodded in silent agreement, compulsively running his hands over his swollen stomach, unaware he was even doing it; towards the end of his pregnancy he could barely keep his hands off his enormous belly, constantly rubbing the taut skin, feeling the weight of the pups he was carrying or soothing the active unborn triplets. He busied himself with cuddling and fussing over their first litter, lavishing them with attention as Felix continued to work himself up.
where there would be noise and sticky tables and
John rubbed against Sherlock as he was carried, impressed that Sherlock was strong enough to lift him with all the extra weight from the babies, snuggling happily as close as he could get. When they reached the shower he instantly turned to present himself to Sherlock, legs spread, slick pooling between his cheeks, panting a little, moaning in relief as Sherlock stepped in behind him, hands sliding round onto his belly, teasing over the exposed nub of his navel. "Sherlock, please," he whined, "I need it. Milk me, fuck me... give me a taste of what you're going to do to me tomorrow," he begged, trying to tug Sherlock's hands up to his still-milk-heavy breasts.
got me full of big... healthy... babies..." Each word was punctuated by a grunt as another contraction hit and the baby moved a little further through him.
"Yes, Alpha," John purred demurely, reaching out his hands to allow Sherlock to heave him to his feet. He waddled heavily towards the door, taking one of Sherlock's Belstaffs off the coat rack and swinging it over his shoulders like a cape. It would keep his arms and back warm but his breasts and belly were far too large to be covered by the warm garment; it was lucky they had one of Mycroft's cars waiting and they wouldn't be outside long. "Do we have everything we need?" John checked solicitously, reaching out to take his Alpha's hand and gripping it tightly as he began to descend the stairs. He huffed and grunted as he moved, very aware that he was approaching the size he'd been at their wedding.
Sherlock thumbed over the swell gently, his eyes widening in wonder even as his pupils obviously dilated in arousal. "You'll be so heavy with milk, I doubt we'll be able to stop it leaking completely, later on. God, John... you're going to be so full," he murmured, unconsciously licking his lips. "Your body will be producing enough for
On the floor, John keened softly, nuzzling as best he could into Sherlock's thigh and gazing up at him in utter adoration.
John cupped the back of the servant's head as he nursed, rubbing and massaging every part of him he could reach as the sensations of what they were sharing made a fresh gush of slick sluice down his thighs. The club Omega kissed him, a kiss full of heat and passion, and the doctor could only groan and press in to the embrace, rolling his spine to rub their bellies against each other more firmly, gasping and moaning at the exquisite feeling of the taut flesh pressed against his own.
, it's big," John moaned, adjusting his white-knuckled grip on the headboard. "Bigger than any of the last lot. Fucking
Instantly, John relaxed. He kept the pups held close as they nursed and grew sleepy as they filled with his milk, humming to them and rocking them a little. With each pup birthed, his belly had shrunk; Omegas snapped back into shape almost instantly after birthing, and his belly was very noticeably smaller, almost back to the size it had been during the pack scenting. Once he birthed another pup or two, he'd even be able to stand again. He purred as the girls finished suckling and his mate slipped their coloured hats onto their heads, wriggling and heaving as he tried to lift himself to sitting. He huffed and strained as Sherlock supported him, beaming when he was finally sitting agains the headboard. He gently picked up their pups one by one and shifted them to the other side, moving into the space where they'd been and lying down again; he'd been getting uncomfortable lying on one side and he felt the need to move, to encourage the rest of the babies to shift lower. He smiled at the little group of pups before him, purring for his mate's attention and rubbing his face submissively against his mate's. He groaned as he felt the next pup enter the birth canal, reaching out to stroke and scent the pups with his wrist as he began to push the next one out. It took effort this time; he had already birthed more than a normal full litter and he was beginning to tire.
, he replied, one of his own hands joining John's on the doctor's belly,
he replied,
The Alpha deliberately missed John's mouth at times, making the creamy cheese drip down his Omega's chin and onto his breasts and belly. Crumbs and bits of sauce, too, he never bothered to clean, instead enjoying the evidence of John stuffing himself just for him. His instinct was roused at the sight of his mate eating so heartily, and he watched in pleasure as John's huge globe of a belly grew and sagged further between his legs.
John grunted as the next pup crowned, the stretch less painful than it had been with the first, and cooed softly to his son as he felt the head slip free, panting as he pushed hard and with a wet slide delivered the next baby into his Alpha's hands. He turned to look at him, mewling in enquiry, beaming when Sherlock held the boy up for him to see. Another shock of dark hair, but this time without curls. John's eyes sparkled as his mate shuffled back up the bed, pressing the cleaned and swaddled pup to his breast to nurse. He cradled the baby in the crook of one arm, purring, looking to his mate for approval of the two healthy sons he'd birthed so far.
, he begged prettily through the bond,
, he rumbled, delighting in John's every pliant response to his touch.
if you take it. So Daddy was chasing the bad man, and the bad man ran into a dark warehouse, and he hid, and he hit Daddy in the head with a fire extinguisher." John didn't add that when Greg had found Sherlock, he had been cuddling the fire extinguisher and talking to it as if it was one of his pups. He also didn't mention that Sherlock had flatly refused to be parted from it and that it had had to come in the ambulance with him.
Sherlock growled and moved in to give a dominating nip to the Omega's neck. His nose brushed against John's scent gland, and in an instant he was directly flooded with the scents that already hung heavy and tempting in the air:
Secure in the knowledge his Alpha was watching over their litter John slept deeply, waking an hour and a half later feeling refreshed and relaxed. The babies were still sleeping soundly; John blinked as he woke fully and smiled across at his mate, purring like a motor.
"Fine."
"My, you do have him well trained," Eastlake purred, "How long have you had him collared?"
John purred at the relief, smiling fondly as his mate shifted around his gigantic belly to snuggle against him as he suckled. "Good Alpha," he murmured, "so strong. Protected me and our pups so well. Pups kicked so hard when Daddy got here. Hmm... and they're moving again. Demanding little ones, want your attention..." He nuzzled Sherlock's hair as his mate began caressing his bump, the babies calming and wriggling against his hand.
The Times, 15th March, 2014
Instantly John whined softly, expressing his contrition, and tilted his head to give Sherlock better access to his neck, holding back the rest of the kisses he wanted to give his mate; there would be time for him to fawn over his Alpha later. For now he was content to rest and feed the rest of the pups, to accept whatever Sherlock wanted to give him. Miles and Enora finished feeding and John hummed quietly as Sherlock helped him lay them with their siblings, picking up an obviously unhappy Benedict, who kicked his legs as he fussed and twisted, trying to reach John's breast; as soon as he latched on the baby quieted, his tiny fist resting against his mother. John scooped Lucy up in his other arm and cooed as she began to feed too, relaxing in Sherlock's arms once more. "This has been such a perfect Christmas, love... thank you," he murmured sincerely, his eyelids lowered demurely.
a dim voice insisted,
Several other interested Alphas had taken up seats near to their own to admire the virile detective and his ripe, eager mate. Across from them was now a slim blonde woman, a rather sizable redheaded female on her leash, the Omega's belly distended with what looked to be at least a litter of four, nearly ready to whelp. The blonde took the redhead on her lap without issue, the large Omega emitting a soft, low whine of pleasure as she sank onto her Alpha's cock. To their left was another young male with two male Omegas, one gravid and the other unbred. He sat on the edge of the leather cushion of the chair, his pregnant mate getting on all fours in front of him and pushing back onto his Alpha's cock, as the other massaged his master's shoulders.
Next Christmas, these pups would be one-and-a-half, toddling to and fro on chubby legs and getting into all sorts of mischief. The triplets would be several months old, and a new litter would already be on the way. It was going to be like John always said - a madhouse. But it would be their madhouse.
His heat began to hit within half an hour; everything about his pregnancy had been so extreme, his body was trying to restore balance. His scent grew deeper and sweeter, but with a note that had been absent last time; motherhood. It was a scent that declared loudly that he had carried pups before, birthed a healthy litter. John wriggled and parted his legs instinctively, his entrance dripping once more, starting to mewl and moan for his Alpha's cock to fill him up and knot him.
love it," John gasped, suddenly needy and vulnerable. "I love carrying the weight of your babies in my womb, love feeling how your seed grows and thrives inside me... oh god, Sherlock... please, I need it, I need it," he chanted mindlessly, so close to the border between pleasure and exquisite pain. With all of his Alpha's seed still inside him he felt fit to burst, but he couldn't find it in himself to object.
The Omega whimpered softly as his Alpha moved away, purring happily when he returned; he lifted his arms and legs agreeably as Sherlock dressed him, cooing in delight at the Alpha's murmurs of praise when he was fully clothed. His desire to be close to his mate rather hindered Sherlock's attempts to get dressed, but soon they were both clean and presentable, and John blinked up at Sherlock vacantly, waiting for his next order with a sweet little innocent smile on his face, as if Sherlock was the best thing on the planet.
Still panting, John returned the grin, drawing his husband into another long, slow kiss until their heart rates had calmed a little and he felt his body relax, preparing to release the knot. Their feelings were still flowing through their bond, pure and unreserved; John knew he didn't need to tell the Alpha how utterly satisfying and fulfilling their lovemaking had been. He felt that odd sort of relief a person feels after eating, not having known they were hungry - he felt better, whole again and refreshed and most of all loved. Sherlock's scent was on him now; that was the cherry on the cake. He purred softly, giving Sherlock a smaller, needier kiss, and pressing one of the Alpha's hands to his swollen belly to let him feel their children wriggle to let him share they joy of feeling their babies move and to remind him gently that their three-month-old pups were also waiting for attention. "I love you, Sherlock," he whispered tenderly, still enjoying the languid afterglow, in no rush to end it, cuddling the detective a little closer.
There was a long pause. "That's- you're just making them up!" the doctor finally accused, all the colour drained from her cheeks. She stared at the Alpha, who had managed not to vomit again and was looking immensely pleased with himself. The way his eyes twinkled was maddening. At best, he was having her on; at worst, he had serious brain damage. "You're just saying names," she insisted.
He dipped a hand down between John's legs when he sensed the next child crowning, his hand covering the slick opening as it parted around the newest pup's head.
Here is the Christmas afternoon the boys enjoyed with their guests! Warm sweet fuzzy fluffiness :D
Sherlock shuddered and came immediately at John's words, his mind suddenly filled with the image of his enormous mate fucking himself on the Alpha's member, John's swollen middle the only thing Sherlock would be able to see as it heaved and bounced within his reach. He groaned and thrust hard into his mate, milking his own release as he filled his Omega with even more of his seed. "God, John," he breathed deeply as he finished, carefully easing out and helping John back onto his knees; as the Omega grew larger, he needed his Alpha's aid in more than just standing and sitting. It had become Sherlock's duty and pleasure to counterbalance the weight of his Omega's full middle when John needed to shift between any two positions. He moved around his mate's front to kiss John deeply, one hand reverently caressing the quivering belly that now nearly extended past the length of the Omega's thighs. "They're excited," he noted, feeling the vibrations underneath his fingers.
He leaned forward to press a soft, slow kiss to Sherlock's lips, stroking his hair and cupping his cheek.
with this Alpha recklessness!" Sherlock gave something between a growl and a whimper, his chest heaving. "Take a few seconds, get yourself calm. Remember the plan. You're going to need all of that enormous brain of yours to sort this one out."
John yawned and stretched, wriggled slightly. Something was off. A draught, that was it. Cold air ghosted over his chest, his pyjamas were wriggling... wait, no. That wasn't right. Ah, there. A mouth on him, warm and wet and insistent. He smiled. "You know love, if you're hungry, you could always make yourself some toast." He carded a hand through his Alpha's dark curls as he suckled, glad of the relief; he'd grown considerably since Christmas and now needed to be milked between two and three times a day, his belly reaching out to the limit of his thighs when he sat, rubbing lightly against the floor when he was on all fours. Walking had become harder, he always needed help to stand now, and he looked roughly overdue with triplets. He was glad, now, that he'd chosen a dress for the wedding; the style he'd chosen was still masculine, and a suit would definitely have felt too restrictive. He tilted his head to one side, gazing down at his mate fondly. Only two more weeks, and they'd be getting married.
"John first," Catherine murmured, purring as she handed the other Omega the tray. Mycroft nodded, and she accepted the invitation to sit, some of the pups crawling over and tugging at her fitted blouse in greeting. Both John and Sherlock were pleased that Catherine would be there that evening - as a still-fertile Omega she had responded to the needs of the pack and begun to lactate, and she was happy to help feed the pups which left John secretly enormously relieved. It meant that when the babies were fussy and wouldn't take bottles, they could still have fresh breastmilk, giving him more freedom.
"We'll have three more of these in just under four months," he mused, nuzzling at Sherlock's jawline. "How many do you want to fill me with after I've birthed these three?"
Purring more loudly at the order, John let his mouth fall open, licking his lips as he began to moan softly from the sensations; stroking his belly felt
collar, not just some generic thing he'd chosen because it matched the furniture. But to make a show of John at Pendleton's - he wondered if he might invest in a dress collar, too, something still understated, but a bit more high style. Perhaps they could do black leather after all, in that case, with silver fastenings - or platinum, if he could spare the money for it. But he didn't know if he wanted broach the idea of a second collar to John just yet - he could keep it as a surprise, a special treat for their first trip to the club. And if John preferred to keep his brown collar on, it would be just fine as well. But he wanted to dress his mate in the best he could offer. "I'm already working on it," he replied assuringly, "I have been since you agreed - it will be ready quite long before our anniversary date rolls around - perhaps in a week or two, I imagine, depending on when we get you fitted."
Sherlock moaned obscenely, lapping at the small drop and suckling out, the Omega's body eager to let down milk to please the Alpha. He looked up from John's breast with dark eyes. "Incredible. Look at what your body is doing for me. Every part of you is so eager to please me as your Alpha, knows how much you're mine." He growled low in his throat, sucking and lapping at more of the thin milk as he watched his Omega's face. "I never thought of the idea of a wheelchair. I'll have to push you around at crime scenes, your huge belly out because clothes can no longer cover it. I'll have to excuse us now and then when I work, take you to another room where I can drink from your heavy, overfull breasts so they don't become painful, maybe sit you down on my cock and fuck you for a few minutes if you've been good, to keep you satisfied. Everyone will know what we're doing, know you're such a needy slut for me since I've made you so huge."
The three Omegas gasped nearly in unison. They stared at the collars for a long moment, cautious and almost disbelieving. Catherine was the first to reach out tentatively, nearly holding her breath when her fingers closed around the beautiful collar. She lifted it from the box with reverence and turned it over slowly in her hands, savouring its feel, the smallness of its weight - light, but still enough to remind the wearer of its presence. Beatrice had begun to do the same; the elderly Omega was silent at first, her breathing shallow with emotion, but soon, she was trilling and cooing softly, rubbing her face against the material. Her eyes sparkled as she felt its texture, saw her name embossed in beautiful script along the inside. And the
John preened at the praise, bravely struggling to eat more and more until finally he was simply too full to eat another bite. Just like Sherlock wanted he really did look like he was carrying four pups instead of three, and the scent of arousal from the servant grew stronger at the sight; John, however, didn't notice, and clenched happily around his Alpha's knot, encouraging another wave of seed out of his mate.
John beamed back at him, unable to catch the giggle that wanted to come to match his mate's laughter, soon moaning into the kiss again as Sherlock captured his mouth and pressed him against the wall. He tried to answer the Alpha's question, but only found himself able to make a confused noise which sounded a lot like "hniiiiih" and instead slowly, deliberately slid his knee up the outside of Sherlock's thigh, hooking him closer, almost like he was trying to climb the Alpha; he wanted Sherlock to pick him up, so he could wrap his legs around him as well as his arms. They had invested in a non-slip mat for the shower floor, aware that John's bulk might cause issues during his pregnancies, so there was no danger of them slipping, and John wanted to feel his Alpha's strength, to be reminded of how powerful Sherlock really was. He whined afresh as more slick leaked out of him and ran down his thighs, Sherlock's relentless, tender assault on his mouth leaving him breathless and wanting.
"I can feel your knot in me, huge and hot, stretching me out and keeping all of your come in me... I can feel my body drawing your come into my womb, feel it pooling inside me... I can feel... oh,
... With a powerful roar, his knot breached the strong ring of muscle and plunged into his Omega, swelling immediately to plug John as his seed poured into him.
"God, yes, John- that's it, take my cock-," the Alpha growled, "Know how much you love it, need it... You'd have me filling you all the time, wouldn't you? Lie in our nest and give in completely to your Omega, groaning and grinding down on me as you swell larger and larger each day, begging for me to move inside you when you get too large to fuck yourself on me, clenching around my cock just to get your pleasure." His hands cupped John's belly greedily, lifted and palmed over the slick swell, his thrusts making it bounce with his Omega. "You're going to truly feel just how many babies I've fucked into you soon enough: the weight of them will start widening your hips, you'll begin to waddle instead of walk... you'll begin to keep your hands bracing your back just to balance as you move around, your belly so huge and heavy on your front, but you won't even be close to done yet.. your stomach will begin to shift and move as our babies kick and stretch out, you'll clutch it and moan about how much my pups are shifting, how you can feel all thirteen of them active inside you at once... they'll grow so big you won't be able to move under their weight, just lie on your side and swell, waiting to birth- Your chest will grow larger and larger, too, needing to be pumped more urgently as my pups grow inside you... I'll have to keep pumps on you all the time, then, just to soothe your weeping breasts... oh, you'll be so incredibly full, such a good Omega, taking my pups and my cock just like you should be-" He took John's small cock in his hand, quickly jerking him off again as he thrust and came closer to his own climax. When John clenched around him with a third orgasm, he gave a soft shout and began filling his mate, pumping seed into him in thick, long spurts.
Sherlock's eyes widened a fraction in surprise as his name came tumbling from John's mouth over and over again, his Omega suddenly eager and needy, no longer sleepy but energetic and pleading. His hand splayed wide over John's belly, rubbing the taut skin more fervently as John cried out his name. He stroked his mate's cock faster, pressed longer, sweeter kisses to his neck as he noticed John's tears, lips closing over the bondbite as his Omega screamed. With every groan of his name, the Alpha felt his release building, but John's writhing tore it from him in a flash; he came with a soft cry against the mark, still rocking with John, milking both their orgasms as he emptied himself inside his mate. "Love you," he murmured reverently as they slowed, wiping his hand on the sheets before soothingly brushing away his mate's tears, "I love you so much."
"Yeah..." Alistair echoed, continuing his crawl up onto Sherlock's chest. He settled down next to Felix, placing an arm around his brother.
"I love you too, Sherlock. So very much. I never thought I'd be this lucky," he choked out, tears drying as he sniffled and his breath hitched. His Alpha slipped out thanks to the lack of knot and he turned to snuggle into his chest, lapping at his scent gland. "Can you imagine how wonderful it feels, being so full of you? You've put so many babies in me that I'll look full term with one in a few weeks. I used to steal your unwashed pillowcases from the laundry pile and use them for my nest during heat, did you know that? I needed your scent so badly... it wasn't as painful if I could smell you. God, that sounds mad, doesn't it? It sounded less creepy in my head..." he mumbled sleepily, drifting off now that he was satisfied and warm in his Alpha's arms. "Can't wait for tomorrow. How many houses have we got to see? That one in Wimbledon... how many others?"
Siger responded in kind, his eyes narrowing in icy concentration. There was a spit second of silence before the sharp sound of metal-on-metal rang out, echoing through the hall. The eldest Alpha was no layman; each thrust and parry was carried out with the most expert, calculated precision. The deep growls of feral, primitive confrontation were gone, replaced with controlled breaths, which grew more laboured as the duel pressed on.
The Alpha lifted his gaze to his brother and nodded silently. Looking back to the teary-eyed John, he felt something stir in his chest. Clearing his throat, he stood, and walked carefully over to where his brother sat. The Alpha awkwardly held out his arms, meeting his brother's raised eyebrow with a serious gaze. Finally, Mycroft obligingly stood - at which Sherlock stiffly, uncertainly, wrapped his arms around him, momentarily holding him in an awkward embrace that might possibly have been able to be called a hug.
As quickly as it had come on, the knot went down. The mouth was by far an unusual place for knotting, and aside from John's discomfort, his instinct sensed there were no new pups to be gained from the contact. For the time they stayed knotted, he thrust more shallowly with breathy moans, milking his climax for all it was worth. Even before the knot began to deflate, he was caring for his mate, petting him and praising him, assuring him he would soon receive equal pleasure in return. He pulled out, and first brought John to his side, hitting the buzzer on the bedside table to order something special for his Omega as they cuddled for a brief moment.
"Assuming we can get our preferred venue on such a popular date on so short a notice, it will be somewhat rushed, but I think we can do it. We may need to be flexible, however," he warned, "open to pushing it back anywhere from a few days to a few weeks, depending on how booked the hotel already is. Would you like to call them and ask?" He retrieved his phone and laptop from the coffee table, "The difference is you seeming well overdue with one, to well on your way with twins, and I'm sure the tailor would appreciate knowing which it is," he said with a gentle, teasing smile.
John huffed and strained, trying to twist to reach the baby at his side, but to no avail. "Sherlock, your children are already outsmarting me," he complained without heat, smiling down at his son where he clung to him looking pleased with himself.  Near his knees Adam burbled, flailing his arms happily. "Dada! Da da da da da..."
, push me down and breed me right there on the stairs..."
Whining and keening with bliss as his Alpha's enormous, swollen cock filled him again and again the Omega slid his hands up Sherlock's arms to feel his biceps flex as he fucked him. The obvious feeling of strength, of latent power, made a fresh gush of slick splash down his thighs, soaking the bed sheets. An appreciative moan escaped, John's cries getting louder and more whorish as he surrendered entirely to instinct while his Alpha's mingled praises, claiming, and assertion of authority and ownership of him pushed him gently further towards subspace.
Touched, John stroked his mate's cheek, pliantly opening his mouth as they kissed and moaning softly as the Alpha instantly pressed his advantage and slid his tongue inside.
"Yes," John agreed breathily, "yours. All yours, yours to keep, yours to breed, yours... Mmm, yes," he grinned, delirious with ecstasy, proudly stroking his belly which was now so swollen that it reached the top of his shins when he sat upright, looking comical in its sheer size, a few new stretchmarks criss-crossing the stretched skin, light pink delicate cobwebs. He barely moved as Sherlock thrust into him, too big to rock with the motions, pushing back as best he could. He couldn't reach his own cock anymore, his belly was simply too large, but he wriggled desperately anyway, trying to rub his little cock against the sheets to gain some friction. His Alpha's cock alone was already sending him to the edge; it felt far larger than usual,  the massive knot that was forming stretching him further open with every thrust. "Yes,
John sent a wave of strong, pure love through the bond, gasping as his mate's touches milked him, squeezing Sherlock's arse to encourage his movements, stroking his curls with the other.
"Mmm, we'll have our hands full with thirteen babies... I'll need to be able to move around while they're young, so we shouldn't conceive again until they're at least a year old, ideally two," he mused, happily nuzzling Sherlock at the admission he wanted to keep him constantly pregnant. "You're right, we'll need loads of bedrooms..." he stroked a hand over his belly protectively. "Who shall we tell first?"
of our whole conversation!" he trilled delightedly. "What
The guests cheered and clapped as Sherlock helped John down the steps from the raised platform and the front and walked him slowly back down the aisle, confetti fluttering around them. John made it out of the room, staggering a little under the weight of his belly, clutching Sherlock and beaming stupidly, and when the doors closed behind them he looked up at his new husband, almost bursting into tears at the tender, aching happiness on his face. "I don't think I can walk any further," he breathed, pressing as close as possible, looking more than a little coy and playful. "Will you get the wheelchair for me? Please - husband?"
that he was so back at the altar," he brought their lips together again, "and told him how unspeakably proud I was to have him as my wife," he kissed him more deeply. "And of course," he continued, pausing for breath, "Made sure my wife knew how incredible he looked in his dress, as he struggled down the aisle under the weight of the enormous belly full of the pups I'd given him." He pulled John closer, as much as the Omega's swollen belly would allow, drawing him into a slow, tender, passionate kiss, savouring the warm feeling of John's mouth on his, the soft sounds he pulled from his mate, the near electricity of it as it truly dawned on them that they were now husband and wife. They broke apart regretfully when John's legs began to shake, the Omega's belly truly too enormous now for him to stand for any significant length of time. The Alpha kept his mate steady, pulling the wheelchair from where it had been tucked away in an alcove, ready at hand for the enormously heavy Omega. It had been nearly a full week since John had found the weight of his massive stomach too cumbersome to walk (or rather, waddle) unaided for any distance, and the gravid man seemed to be losing more mobility with each passing day.
Covered in his Alpha like this John could only mewl desperately at the sensations, tilting his head back to expose his throat in a show of submission. His eyelids began to flutter and slide lazily half-closed, the knowledge that his mate was covering him in a visible, scentable claim enough to cause a pulse of pleasure to zing through him like a spark. His hole throbbed with the need to be filled and he made soft noises at Sherlock, begging prettily for the Alpha's cock but making no move to touch it. Everything about his expression and his posture spoke of joyful surrender; he shivered as his mate rubbed more of his semen into his skin, spreading his legs wider in obvious invitation.
Sherlock could sense John's scent changing to indicate he was strongly aroused, though he knew Lestrade would hardly know the difference. It took ten more minutes for him to clear everything up with the DI, the Alpha having drawn out the conversation a little longer than necessary, loving how John sat obediently on his cock despite the fact that he was obviously growing very warm and uncomfortable. As they finally rose, he ground his hips into John's backside, pulling a choked noise from the Omega. Oblivious, Lestrade asked if John was well, and asked if he needed a glass of water. "No need to worry, Lestrade, I'll get him home and take very good care of him. But perhaps we should use your bathroom first," Sherlock smiled innocently.
John whimpered as Sherlock shoved inside him, biting his lip and screwing his eyes shut against the pain; his natural lubrication hadn't yet started. "Yours, yes, yours! Sherlock - ah!" he cried softly, confused by his mate's feral display of possession, his Alpha's cock feeling truly gigantic, more so than usual, as he was brutally fucked. They had never done it this dry before and it hurt; John tried to relax, but he was apprehensive, unsure if Sherlock was going to bite him or draw more blood from him before he was satisfied. When Sherlock snarled that he smelled wrong, he latched on to the reasoning and tried to calm his Alpha.
The pleasure built quickly, the Alpha's obvious determination to
When he snapped out of his delirium he drew back a little bashfully, clutching the silky items to his chest.
to tell everyone how many we're having. Mmm, Sherlock... I love you, so much. Sometimes I'm afraid I'll wake up and find out this was all a dream, that it’s still the morning my heat hit and we're not bonded with pups on the way... And then I get to wake up next to you, in our bed, and daydream about decorating the nursery. I'm going to love birthing them, pushing baby after baby out for you as you catch them and put them in their cots, tending to them as I begin to birth the next one," he smiled, pressing a kiss into his Alpha's curls.
John simply smiled agreeably and exchanged it for the one he was wearing. Sherlock was right; it hugged his belly, clinging to the rounded bump and displaying it proudly. "Better?" He had hoped for a more dramatic reveal - if he wasn't wearing his parka indoors now, the bump would be instantly obvious instead of hidden until he chose to reveal it. But if this was what Sherlock wanted, he was happy to do it. Unconsciously his hand moved to his belly and began to rub it in protective circular motions, an entirely Omega action.
Sherlock licked his lips, feeling dangerously powerful. John looked gorgeous in the collar, the cool metal of the tag resting just so on his sternum above his enormous breasts, "
should be looking at houses."
Johnny say when he hears you saying I was right?" he giggled, biting his lip, pliantly letting Donovan lead him to the police van.
On the floor, Mycroft finally released the bite and began to lap at it gently, purring as he continued to push his erection against Sherlock's hole.
Sherlock purred and growled, groaning as John gave him pleasure. The pups shifted and kicked against his leg, making the Omega's belly strain outwards. "Good boy..," he moaned, filling to capacity with seed. He knew John could smell it; the Omega lapped at the base of his cock and nosed at his balls, silently begging for his knot. Sherlock wanted to give it to him, but he wasn't about to give in so soon. Four Alphas would breed the Omega on stage. This was only the beginning.
More than a few of the female guests were dabbing their eyes by the end of the speech and Mycroft quickly produced his handkerchief to offer to his mother, who was grasping needily at his sleeve like a child asking for security. He placed an arm around her shoulders and brought her close against his chest while she sniffled, purring quietly to reassure her.
John snapped awake at the unfamiliar voice, lashing out and snarling at the other Omega. "GET AWAY FROM ME!" he thundered, flinging everything within reach at Moriarty; a pillow, his alarm clock, Don Quixote. He struggled to sitting upright as Moriarty laughed and raised his hands in mock surrender, moving back just a little as John ran out of ammunition. "Easy tiger," he intoned mockingly. "I just want to
Sherlock stuck his tongue out at his sibling, but said nothing. It would be silly to feel hurt - it was to be expected that the pups wouldn't be excited by dinner, after all, when there was nothing on the table they could eat. Next year they'd be one, and he'd come up with a special menu of children's food to keep them busy and happy. But most of them seemed contented even now, shaking the rattles or cuddling with the teddies they'd brought with them. When Iris and Imogen seemed quieted enough, Sherlock let them both down a little to sit in his lap and play quietly with one another while he finished his lukewarm food. Soon enough, the rest of the pack had finished their dinners as well, and it was time for the Christmas pudding. Beatrice, Catherine, and Mrs. Hudson efficiently cleared the plates, and went to the kitchen to retrieve the cake.
At eight months and five days, John felt himself slowly rising back through the fog of hormones and instinct, until finally he was himself again, staring at his impossibly huge belly that very nearly filled the bed, warping and bubbling like the surface of a swamp. He twisted his head, wanting a kiss from his husband while he was sentient. "Sherlock," he said clearly, "I think the first pup is trying to engage. This must be the lucidity window Doctor Anderson told us about… I think we've only got a few hours left before I go into labour." He smiled as Sherlock kissed him eagerly. "I'm seeing now why my instinct was to stay in my Omega for most of this," he chuckled. "It's fine now, but three months of this? I really would have gone mental. Have you measured me? You have, haven't you, you know exactly how big I am... go on, tell me. How far around is my belly, Sherlock?" he murmured playfully, rubbing it sensually and proudly.
! I can feel my eggs dropping to mix with your come," John panted, squeezing Sherlock's hand. I can't feel it when the eggs are fertilised, but I can feel it when they attach... want to guess how many have attached so far?" he teased, grinning, thrilled he really was going to be full of Sherlock's babies.
Sherlock knelt warily and wrapped his arms around his mate, tucking John's head underneath his chin as he watched the two Alphas, each clang and hiss of crossed swords singing painfully in his ears. Bright fear coursed through him as Mycroft parried another blow aimed at the heart, and another to the throat in quick succession, sweat beginning to bead on his brow as he gracefully evaded another attack and countered with a swift offensive assault of his own. Siger was hard-pressed to block the series of short, precise assaults, but kept solid footing as Mycroft advanced. The youngest Alpha mentally pushed all the strength he could towards his brother, willing him to live.
- it's just -
John purred loudly, returning the kiss eagerly, tangling his hands in his mate's curls and refusing to let go until they were both dizzy. When he finally let his mate draw back he switched off the pumps and set them aside, his breasts now empty, and snuggled up to his Alpha again, massaging Sherlock's seed into his skin.
"Mmm, twins," John managed, having to dodge determined kisses from Sherlock. They had been apart for hours now, and John knew that his mate was feeling the urge to re-scent and reclaim him. "Concussed, then, is he?"
Siger's face twisted into something resembling grotesque amusement as he barked a mirthless laugh. "Nearly," he snarled, "
Sherlock breathed heavily as he watched the Omegas' hands slip and slide off one another's cocks, each desperate reach only yielding a brief few moments of victory before their respective girths and the low hang of their bellies thwarted their efforts. Their massive wombs were pressed up front-to-front, and with enough desperate motion and rutting they found themselves able to grasp each other's small members and begin toying and stroking, their breaths coming in low grunts and breathy pants. The pups in their bellies stirred further at the squeeze, rolling and kicking, making the Omegas moan and try to still them between their desperate attempts to press and keep themselves closer. The servant's mouth found John's again as he gave a soft, open-mouthed groan of pure pleasure. Breasts leaking heavily and making them both drip with milk, they were obviously drawing closer. Sherlock's hand began to pump his enormous, pulsing member more firmly, building his pleasure. "Christ,
Sherlock had a moment of satisfaction and pleasure before he cocked his head, suddenly considering that his Omega may have chosen the other size for a reason. "Yes, much. But is it better for you?" he questioned. His eyes dropped to watch John rub his own belly, and he felt pride at the Omega's instinctive movements.
Mycroft heaved a weary sigh, looking down his nose at the doctor. "Fine," he said, when he noticed the man beginning to shift nervously. He knew well now intractable his brother could be, but it was not the doctor's place to dictate the activities of the Holmes pack.
as best he could. The second Sherlock's knot filled him he clenched hard around it and started coming, his small cock jerking as his slick passage milked his mate's swollen knot in firm, rhythmic pulses. The sensation of being firmly knotted, the approval and encouragement coming from his mate and the secure collar hugging his neck were enough to lull him completely into subspace and he exhaled as he dropped into the familiar floating sensation, his eyes glazing over and his whining slowly decreasing until he was all but mute, his heavy pleasured breathing the only sound he was making. The triplets began to kick more insistently, demanding their share of attention from their father as if they also wanted to be reassured that he was nearby.
"Oh, fuck, I'm going to -
Thank you for reading!
John smiled amiably at him. "I don't think he could handle an Alpha at the moment," he said honestly. "I think he needs a bit of freedom first, time to find out who he is and what he wants out of life. He's been cooped up and isolated for so long, he should live a little before he settles down... Maybe we could find him a Beta, let him test the water. I'll chat with him tomorrow," he murmured, nuzzling his mate's shoulder. They cuddled with the pups a few more minutes, making sure each one got an equal share of their attention, before placing them back in their cots. John sidled up to Sherlock when the Alpha returned to the bed, wrapping himself around his mate like a blanket. "Welcome to the madhouse," he smiled, nuzzling his cheek.
John soothed through their bond,
When they arrived at Baker Street, the first thing the Alpha did was to sit his mate comfortably on the couch with a kiss on the cheek and a quiet "I love you," and make tea for them both. He returned from the kitchen with two steaming mugs and snuggled down next to John on the couch, pulling a blanket over John's stomach and his own legs. His laptop lay comfortably close on the coffee table. "What would you like to do first?"
to do with your life?" he finished curiously, gazing at him without judgment or expectation.
A server appeared at Sherlock's elbow, holding a sleek black keycard with a silver number
John blinked hazily as the fog of subspace lifted a little as his collar was removed. He hummed at the touch on his belly, fuzzily acquiescing to all of Sherlock's caring attentions; he felt just as pampered and spoilt now as he had at the club, only this time he knew it was for
"Mmm," Sherlock conceded seriously as he picked up the little girl, nuzzling her chubby cheeks. When Iris buried her face in his neck, the Alpha considered the arsenal of pups plopped happily around him. "Miles," he chose strategically, lifting the pup by the seat of his onesie and placing him on the floor in front of his crossed knees. "Miles," said Sherlock imperiously as the baby burbled inquiringly, "Go to Mummy." The pup blinked, regarding him for a moment before turning carefully around and making a slightly clumsy and halting beeline towards John. Sherlock looked on proudly. "Five-four," he announced with a grin as Miles bumped gently into his mother's enormous middle.
Sherlock only smirked and preened, watching his mate with dark eyes. He could see John's hope in the subtle action, the Omega's hole peeping almost coyly at him from between John's legs, but chose to ignore it. He had already told John once: his plans for their next activity did not involve his own cock. Lying back on a plush cushion along the opposite end of the bed, the Alpha snapped his fingers once more. "Bring me something different. Something interesting that my Omega can still use without my help," he purred to the heavy servant, who nodded and lumbered off to the bath, swaying his hips perhaps a little more than usual.
Sherlock groaned when he heard the whine, his vision blurring for a moment, something in him demanding that he rush up the stairs and mount the Omega in the upper bedroom. He breathed through his mouth, bringing his attention back to the room around him, rummaging through the cabinets and becoming increasingly more frustrated as he didn't find what he needed. This was going to take longer than he thought.
The pack purred and smiled their reassurances, glad Sherlock had approved of their gift. Mrs Hudson was next to open her gift and gasped gently as an elegant gold bracelet was revealed, a simple gold disc dangling halfway along the chain, each side of it embossed with a swirling italic
They always told me something was wrong with you. I tried my hardest to beat it out of you, make you a proper Alpha, a proper Holmes. But you've always been a filthy little ingrate." Sherlock growled, through their bond encouraging John to move farther back. "I refuse to let you
, Sherlock rumbled, capturing John's lips in a deep, heady kiss.
Sherlock groaned softly as John contracted around him again and again, feeling his cock pulse as every last drop of his seed was wrung from him. He nuzzled John's temple, pressing gentle kisses along the side of his face. "I love you, too," he murmured, exhaling slowly in the realization that they hadn't even properly kissed yet. He nudged at the Omega's face, bringing a hand up to cup John's jaw and turn the man's head gently so he could see his eyes. "I love you," he repeated so John could look at him as he said it, and dipped down to capture his partner's lips in a tender kiss.
Sherlock purred dazedly in response to his mate, his expression utterly peaceful as he was cradled against his mother, receiving her loving attentions and words without haste or fear of his sire's wrath for the first time in his memory. Her purrs vibrated soothingly through him, and knowing his big brother and pack leader was by his side , he was lulled into a deeper state of calm as the pack cuddled and scented one another, their bodies pressed snugly together in the cozy glow of the crackling fire. Regressing just a little again, Sherlock began to nose inquiringly at Beatrice's breast. The elder Omega smiled gently down at him, turning from nuzzling Catherine's cheek at the touch.
Sherlock nuzzled the back of John's neck gently as the Omega relaxed, smiling and kissing the nape when his mate's breathing evened out into the long, slow inhales and exhales of sleep. He wasn't surprised that John went out so quickly, even after having already napped. The Omega nearly always fell asleep after sex now, his body needing to conserve and replenish its energy to take good care of all thirteen of their pups. Sherlock, however, didn't need two naps in a day; he stayed awake, breathing in his mate's scent, running over details of the latest case file in his mind while John dozed. His hands rubbed John's gravid swell contentedly, every now and then feeling the small, telling vibrations of their pups moving underneath his fingers. The Alpha huffed a contented sigh, kissing his mate again. "Mine. Good Omega. Love you," he breathed quietly.
I - I can't Sherlock, oh god, it's too much - " he began to panic, squirming as he realised he was truly pinned to the bed by the weight of Sherlock's children in his womb, terrified at the thought of birthing them all.
"Mmm," John hummed thoughtfully, stretching and dropping his hands to rub them in small circles on his  belly. "I reckon I'd only be able to take about half of you. You'd feel my walls around your cock, but it'd only be a light grip..." He sighed happily and rolled his hips, obviously enjoying the feeling of Sherlock's stiff cock pulsing inside him. "I'd be so
Smiling, John stroked his Alpha's hair as he suckled, humming in approval and pushing satisfaction through the bond.
"I think we had better open the presents
to protect them, and found that Sherlock's knot was larger and stayed firm longer compared to when he didn't remind him.
Sherlock straddled his mate's body, his cock trapped between them and pressing heavily against the bump. He took his time to kiss his way up John's chest and neck, before meeting the man's lips, taking his own cock in one hand and rocking his hips back to line it up with John's wet entrance, sinking slowly inside in answer. He groaned into John's mouth as he pressed in, his hands moving to cup the swell of his Omega's belly. He rested his head on John's shoulder so he could see it all better. "I wanted this, I wanted every single egg I made you drop to attach," he moaned as he thrust, "And now look at you, so gorgeous, your belly about to swell so much that it will look like I've fucked another full-term child into you each month, until you hit your biggest growth spurts and balloon out even faster. I'll have to keep you eating constantly to feed them all... You'll look so incredible. You're already incredible, my amazing Omega."
Smiling beatifically John dared to crane his neck up to press soft, gentle kisses to his Alpha's cheeks and jaw, purring as he fawned over his mate.
"I want to support our family," he said bluntly. "If there's an outbreak of something, I'll come home, I promise. I want to be an obedient Omega for you," he added, kissing his mate's lips sweetly. "I'll see you later, alright? Want me to bring a takeaway home?" His instincts demanded that he obey his Alpha's wishes, but since they were not yet commands he fought the impulse. He did want to help look after their babies, even if his financial contributions where nowhere near as large as Sherlock's.
Sherlock asked,
The young Omega gave a squeak of surprise, going bright red as she fumbled to keep Arthur's rattle from dropping to the floor. A hush fell over the entire table as the rest of the pack turned to look at the young Omega in curiosity and concern. "W-w-well, w-we... I mean, not- not yet-"
, he commanded,
The dead Omega slumped back against the tree, the barest beginnings of a satisfied smile on his face. Trembling, Sherlock rose and returned to the house.
I just - I just wanted you so much and I wanted to respect you and wait and you
, Sherlock agreed with a smirk,
Sherlock's thoughts ran at lightning pace. Without looking at his phone again, he knew it wouldn't be long before Lestrade's team arrived - but he would have to buy as much time as possible before then. Whether or not he wanted to, Moriarty's heat would surely trigger a knot - an unacceptable option, whether he was forced into it or no. His body trembled, his instincts feeling the pull of the heat, the Alpha in him sensing an unclaimed Omega and wanting, wanting-
John giggled helplessly and shuffled towards Sherlock. "Oh dear, I can't reach the napkins," he sighed theatrically. "You'll just have to clean me yourself." He purred loudly in pleasure as Sherlock took the bait and leaned in to lick him clean. He took the fork from Sherlock and dragged the plate closer. "Maybe you can just watch for now," he murmured, licking his lips. "You love watching me eat though, don't you? Nourishing your pups, making this enormous belly even bigger. Stuffing myself..." He stabbed a slice of beef and speared some cherries along with it, humming lightly as he took it off the fork, relishing the odd combination. He'd taken to having cherry jam and beef sandwiches and was almost pleased that he was getting unusual cravings, another marker of his pregnancy. He kept his eyes on his mate as he ate, slowly finishing everything Sherlock had put in front of him, licking his lips and making sounds of approval with every bite. When the plate was clean he rubbed his belly, satisfied. "Mmm, that was perfect. Hit the spot nicely. Thanks, love. Shall we go and fetch the presents for our guests and put them under the tree?"
"How are you feeling?" the Alpha asked seriously; he could feel John's emotions through their bond, but he wanted to hear John speak them out loud. The sound of John's voice, speaking coherently, had become precious to him over the past months.
with his orgasm, bucking his hips so hard as he pulsed into the toy the servant almost lost his grip. The club Omega quickly obeyed Sherlock's order, squeezing his own breasts and spraying jets of thick, creamy milk all over John's heaving breasts and belly while he convulsed and moaned wantonly, eyes fluttering as he rode out his pleasure.
... aaaahhhhh! Fuuuuuuuuck, Sherlock..." he screamed again, writhing eagerly on Sherlock's giant cock, shivering with pleasure at the attention to his neck. He tilted his head to give Sherlock better access.
John shifted restlessly. He sent a wave of boredom through the bond;
"For the most part, yes," Eastlake replied serenely, taking another draught of his drink. He hummed pleasantly as his Omega began to bob her head with more enthusiasm, idly petting her as a reward, murmuring a quick "
Sherlock hummed in confirmation, watching with a smirk as John fumbled at his trousers, caressing the round sides of his mate's belly as John worked. As soon as John had pushed his pants down, freeing the Alpha's enormous cock, Sherlock drew his mate closure, rutting sensually against him so that John's knees went even weaker. He kept John upright, pressing a tender kiss to his scent gland before picking up the Omega under his arse, his cock teasing at his mate's entrance, and carrying him towards the bathroom.
The registrar smiled and turned to Sherlock. "And now, as is traditional, the Alpha will go first, and make his vows to his Omega. Please repeat after me. I, Sherlock Alexander Holmes, take you, John Hamish Watson, to be my lawfully wedded wife, to have and to hold, in sickness and in health, for richer and for poorer, to love and cherish, from this day forward, until death do us part."
The added aphrodisiac deepened the rosy hue of the turbulent water, filling the air with a dusky, flowery scent, and something even headier that only John could smell, which only added to the effect of what enveloped his body. Even after he left the bath, it would continue to work throughout the evening, keeping him unbearably needy and ready at a moment's notice.
these triplets, that he didn't want the Alpha to continue to punish himself for it. He knew that mistakes had always been harshly punished by Siger, but there was tenderness and love in their bond that had been sadly absent from the relationship between father and son.
With the help of the Omegas, the babies were soon sleeping soundly in their cots, and the rest of the pack departed to go to their own home until they were needed again. John carefully slipped his coat off, making sure not to disturb Arthur too much. He lifted the pup out of the sling and got him out of his outdoor clothes, laying him gently in the cot with a soft brush over his forehead. As he straightened again he whimpered slightly; Sherlock's possessive display had made him so wet his slick was beginning to drip down his thighs.
Sherlock spun John around and shoved him against the wall, immediately pressing their arousals together. He let John kiss him before dipping down to roughly claim the Omega's mouth, crushing their lips together in breathless, needy kisses. "Loved it when you told them off and stood up for me. Such a good, protective Omega. You'll be such a good mother to our babies." He began rutting against John frantically. "Just for that I'm going to take you right here. My cock is so swollen and large just for you, my gorgeous Omega."
Mycroft exhaled hard, leaning into his mother's embrace. He didn't
"Oh, oh..." John breathed softly, his Alpha's gentle attentions bringing him a whole new level of pleasure. "I want you to take me back there, I want you to mount me and breed me in that bed... I want you to have every little fantasy you ever thought about..." He came again at the thought, notes of pain seeping into his scream of pleasure, utterly exhausted, sweaty, his throat sore from screaming in bliss, his balls empty, his cock and prostate oversensitive. "Christ, Sherlock... come in me again, please, but then I think I'm done, I can't take any more... Oh, god... Shall I tell you about that case in Dublin when we stayed in that penthouse overlooking the river? When we went to talk to the manager at that hotel and I'd gone to chat to the bar staff, see if they could tell us anything, and I looked back over at you, and the manager was saying something and you snapped something back, but the way you
As they had expected, John remained in his Omega a full day, the sleeping aids and Mycroft's scented handkerchief combining to give him a deep and dreamless sleep snuggled as close as he could get to his mate. He came back to himself a little before the 24 hour danger window had elapsed and blinked owlishly as he processed the previous day's events. He inhaled deeply, his mate's scent grounding him. "Sherlock," he said uncertainly, "tell me he's dead."
Time seemed to slow down as the Alpha and Omega nuzzled and kissed on the bed, fawning over each other and their children until they had a pile of sated, gurgling pups laid out around them, babbling and managing the odd coherent word. John sighed happily as he glanced out of the window and saw a light fall of snow, drifting placidly towards the ground; everything was peace and warm and love, his Alpha was secure and settled behind him, their children thriving and growing, and soon they would have three more new-born pups, their family growing until John could bear no more children.
when Anderson had lunged towards him, not for himself but for their pups. He'd never experienced a fear so complete and visceral, so complete an urge to
Mycroft chuckled as Alistair purred happily, satisfied that he was allowed to stay by his father. "Your children are always unwilling to go too far from you," he murmured carefully, "your scent is all over them. They want to know they can get back to you. Watch." The pack leader carefully shifted the chubby baby in his arms as he removed his suit jacket, using it to swaddle Benedict like a blanket. The second Mycroft's scent surrounded him, the pup began to fuss; he couldn't scent Sherlock at all and couldn't see him from his position high on Mycroft's chest. Soon he was whimpering and kicking, dangerously close to full-blown tears. "There, there, hush, it's alright," the ginger Alpha murmured, setting his tiny nephew back on the floor; the pup wasted no time in crawling straight to his father, clinging to him strongly and mewing for attention.
Sherlock only realized how tight he'd been gripping the arm of the chair when he felt John's love; he sighed and relaxed slightly, his hand dully cramping as it released its hold on the smooth leather. He'd known that at some point, the conversation between he and his brother would  turn toward past Christmases; it was inevitable, no matter how much they wished to avoid the painful topic. He smiled, suddenly recalling a fonder memory.  "I remember you sneaking mince pies from the kitchen when Father and Mummy were entertaining guests in the drawing room. You always brought me half whatever you managed to swipe from Cook's counter." He chuckled, "Wasn't until years later we found out she knew it all along, making extras so the adults wouldn't realize any'd gone missing." "Yes, it was unfortunate I was careless enough to miss a few crumbs on my jacket one year," the other Alpha replied, the smile suddenly falling from his face, "otherwise we'd never have been caught out." Sherlock sobered, and the conversation descended into uncomfortable silence. He knew what they were both thinking; Mycroft's right eye had been black for weeks after the incident. "They don't know, do they?" Sherlock finally asked in low tones. "Not as of yet, no. But you can't expect to keep it from them forever, brother. Even I cannot do that." Sherlock swallowed thickly. "They're not... They can't touch him..."
Siger looked like he'd been slapped before narrowing his eyes. "I always knew you had scant respect for your name and bloodline, but never did I think you could be so wilfully shameful. Clearly you do not know your own interest - you would be much better served by my protection. Your Omega looks fit to whelp any day now and I would have the pups know my scent, perhaps they will grow to show proper respect for the Holmes name and I will succeed with them where I failed with you. Now forget this ridiculous, weak defence and stand aside."
"I have to say, I suppose I should have expected to see some of my father's old associates here. This room alone is packed to the gills with some of the most influential Alphas in London. And all of us here to indulge in similar pleasures…" He let out a breath as John's belly rubbed harder against his knee. Sherlock's cock was far larger than Eastlake's sizable one, and he smirked when he saw the banker's gaze linger on his impressive erection and the Omega suckling it. "Perfect, isn't he? Like he was made for it," the detective moaned breathily. "And so fertile. I sired thirteen on him when we bonded, and now he will bear me three more before I breed him again."
As we've said many times before, this is an ongoing RP between the two of us, and as we live on different continents and both work full-time jobs, finding the time to keep the e-mails going is tough (although owlish(slowshows) is much better at time management than I am so the delays are entirely my fault). If you're still here and reading this, then this chapter is dedicated to you, for staying with us for so long!
Sherlock had dropped further, as well, completely and comfortably submerged in instinct. His consciousness was just below the surface, a failsafe to keep him from going too deeply, taking things too far; no matter what, he was not completely off his guard. He could sense his mate's need, and immediately broke from his attentions to grip John at the hips and encourage him to turn over. What had frightened him before, he wanted now. They were Alpha and Omega, and with his mate's permission he would take what was rightfully his, show the other man how good of an Alpha he was, how worthy, how far above the others they'd seen that day. His cock was bigger, he could bring his mate the most pleasure, protect him and their pups better than any of the rest. He would remind him of his power, he willed, as he sank his teeth deep into John's bondbite.
Sherlock gasped, feeling a strong surge of pride pulse through him at John carrying such a high number. "I would guess the last two months, at least," Sherlock murmured. "You'll be showing so soon - with this many in you, you'll look full-term with one at just your second month. But your belly will be teeming with thirteen of my babies," he rumbled, "Thirteen children I fucked into you and made attach to your walls." He kissed John headily. "I'll take such good care of you, my brilliant Omega. You'll never want for anything. I'll rub lotion into your belly as you swell up larger and larger every day, just as you asked, fuck you as often as you need, feed you and our babies until you are all satisfied, tend to you when you become bedridden. I'll always be by your side." He hummed and kissed him again, "Most Omegas these days wouldn't even be capable of conceiving so many. It's rumoured that only the strongest and most compatible bonds will allow so many eggs to fertilize and attach."
John keened in delight at the feeling of his Alpha's seed shooting down his throat and worked his mate through his orgasm, swallowing as much as he could take. Some of Sherlock's come spilled out past the knot, dripping from John's lips onto his breasts and belly. The other Alphas in the club watching the scene growled and purred with approval; Eastlake grunted and his hips jerked as the sight brought him to his own pleasure.
, John murmured tenderly through the bond,
, John had deliberately walked naked around the flat, rubbing himself on every piece of furniture and soft fabric he could find. Locked safely in his room, he was far enough into heat to
John shuddered at his words. "We have to think potential, and we have to think long-term. We're choosing a family home for twenty-five or thirty years, it needs to be the
Sherlock's hands closed over John's, guiding him as they stroked and caressed the Omega's girth together. "
Sherlock scented the difference and growled low in the back of his throat. "Don't come," he barked, knowing it would be even worse then - and almost wanting to punish the Omega for having tempted him so much, having deliberately left his scent around the flat to tempt the Alpha. If John wanted to play that way, this is what he would get. The only way he would ever have relief would be for him to present himself directly to Sherlock, otherwise he would just have to suffer without relief, at least until the Alpha left. Sherlock would be kind to him, then, and take back his orders.
he murmured to Sherlock,
John flinched as if burned at his Alpha's brusque tone, biting back a pitiful whine of apology that wanted to escape, before shaking his head to clear it and emerging fully from his Omega to find his heartache replaced by mild anger. He reached up and unbuckled the collar, leaving it on his pillow as he marched out of the bedroom and into the nursery. Sherlock's disappointment cut through him like a knife, left him feeling inadequate and stupid; he'd thought after the brutal claiming that his mate had wanted something more tender, certainly he'd been much gentler and more loving. The Alpha hadn't sent his desires through the bond, so John couldn't have known he was expected to be utterly Omega during that round, and his mate's coldness towards him was another slap in the face. It was their first time together in months; he'd hoped for tenderness and approval in the afterglow, not to be made to feel as if he was defective. "I'll feed them in here," he called to his mate, his voice even and just as cold as the Alpha's had been moments before. Slowly, he sank into the rocking chair by the window, a little sore from the rough claiming, and fixed his eyes on his mate when he returned with Eleanor and Felix. "I'll take Ellie first," he instructed, his voice icy.
"What's this then?" he asked curiously, lifting the lid to be met with the sight of a sleek black leather collar with silver fastenings. It was clearly very expensive but there was no personal touch anywhere to indicate that the collar belonged to
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock chuckled at the text, turning his back on the offending Omega.
The pack began to relax by degrees, making small sounds of contentment, affection, and pleasure as they held one another and drank in each others' scents and presence. They were all together, all loved. The pups felt it too, and began to purr and reach for one another, their behaviour mimicking that of the adults.
Scenting his mate's arousal, John purred, holding Eleanor to his breast as she suckled, their two boys nestled in his other arm as he rested on one elbow. He jerked his head for Sherlock to move behind him, the Alpha draping himself along John's back and looking over his shoulder to see their babies, Eleanor nursing and Adam and Miles waving and kicking their little limbs. John purred again, more loudly this time, and pressed back against his mate, so the Alpha's huge erection was pressed tightly against him. He rocked slightly, rubbing himself against it, mewling.
The air under the covers was hot and humid, smelling heavily of sweat, sex, and both their scents as Sherlock fucked John roughly, grunting and growling as he marked his possession of the Omega, shoving his cock inside his partner so hard as to purposely cause his mate to scream more, encouraging the noises from John with sharp nips of approval along his lips and jaw. "
As soon as the head of Emily's large cock entered him Brendan cried out and came, his small cock spurting a few drops of come onto the floor. Emily gritted her teeth and moaned. "Fuck, you're eager... That's it, take it..."
Sherlock smiled at the word. The Alpha was already awake, curled protectively around his mate's gravid form as John slept on. "Wife," he murmured, pressing a soft kiss to John's temple. His hands explored the swell of John's belly, rubbing gentle circles over the skin he could still reach. The Omega's breasts were beginning to leak, twin beads of milk beading on his mate's exposed nipples. The Alpha purred deeply at the sight, watching with hungry eyes as the droplets quivered for a moment, before rolling downward to wet the lace bodysuit. John's breasts were still engorged from the night before and the Alpha's constant contact; Sherlock began to massage them gently to encourage more production, licking his lips greedily as they filled further. His cock already half-erect at the sight, he held off on the pleasure of closing his lips around his mate's plump nipples in favour of stroking himself to hardness. He wanted to see his mate's face when he woke up so full, his breasts swinging heavily as the Alpha thrust into him. He smiled when he found his mate's entrance already slick and ready for him, and pressed his enormous member inside.
John flinched as if he'd been viciously slapped and began to tremble, tears instantly stinging his eyes as he scrambled away and cowered at the end of the bed, staring at his knees. He couldn't have helped his slip into his Omega; such close contact with his mate without satisfaction had left him needy and desperate, aching to be filled, and yet his mate had seemed so reluctant that he couldn't help but beg for anything the Alpha would give, his instinct taking over as he tried to encourage his mate to touch him.
, he answered, feeling as if he could certainly use a week. But he'd promised John he'd pleasure him, and this was what John wanted. He drew his mate closer, kissing him softly.
"Milk yourself," Sherlock said huskily, noting how John's breasts seemed to be straining heavily, full with milk to please the Alpha. His mouth watered; he wanted badly to drink from them, but while they were knotted, the Omega's belly was simply too big for the Alpha to do so. "I want you to milk yourself for me, display yourself again, rub it into your skin: your breasts, your belly. Then come down here and lie next to me so I can hold you properly. I want to feel the enormous litter I stuffed into you as they move, want you to croon to them while I hold you." He purred deep in his chest as John began to obey. "That's it, such a good Omega..."
John purred, happily rubbing his mate's seed into his skin, giving his pack Alpha's wrist a submissive lick before it was withdrawn. Mycroft switched to petting Sherlock's hair, purring, marking him with approval. He smiled as the younger Alpha snuggled up to his mate and stood, rubbing his handkerchief thoroughly across his wrists and brow before handing it to his brother, so it could soothe the bonded pair as they slept. Just as he was rebuttoning his waistcoat, Lestrade reappeared. "Thank you for all your help, Detective Inspector," Mycroft murmured gently, shaking his hand. He took his leave, taking out his phone to arrange disposal of Moriarty's body.
John half-glanced at Sherlock, smiled, and snuggled closer. "I love you," he purred quietly, absently tracing patterns on his mate's chest with his fingertips. "Today was
he purred, as his hand lazily stoked over the wet surface of his mate's belly.
"Looks like we're still tied, then," Sherlock chuckled. Blake stubbornly refused to move towards his father, every prod and gentle coaxing of John's only drawing him closer to his mother instead. He strategically moved to sit against John's side near his back, knowing that the Omega's massive belly would not allow him to turn well enough to catch him and make him go.
John whimpered and bit his lip, tears spilling from his eyes as he shied away and shook his head. He'd disappointed his Alpha, let him think he was embarrassed by what they'd done, he wasn't worthy to be touched so tenderly - but insistent fingers under his chin tilted his face up. He curled in on himself in shame as more tears ran down his face, choked and muffled keening whines escaping with them as he fought not to cry in earnest. "I'm sorry," he breathed wretchedly, utterly miserable. "I wasn't - it's not what - never embarrassed by
Lestrade swore loudly, leaning on his horn as yet another motorist decided to ignore the blaring sirens, swerving to avoid them without ever taking his foot off the accelerator. "Nearly there, mate, just hold on," he growled, eyes fixed on the road as he tried to reassure the other Alpha.
Sherlock so completely, his inquisitive adorable little brother, and had tried so hard to protect him and shield him, always taking the brunt of Siger's anger where he could, and it had almost broken him at times to see such hatred in his eyes.
"Ngh... ahhh... yes, yes," John chanted mindlessly, tears beginning to stream down his face from finally feeling satisfied, the almost-knot stretching him deliciously wider, his slick channel so full of his Alpha's come it was already leaking freely into the bath. "Nghhhh, so good... mmm," he purred happily, eyes fluttering closed as he smiled blissfully and writhed on Sherlock's engorged cock. "Ahhh, that's better," he added, the relief and satisfaction evident in his voice. "So much better. So full of you... ngh, I love it... full of your babies, your cock, your come. Love being this full of you. Love being just a vessel for you." He shuddered and released his white-knuckle grip on the edges of the tub, suddenly realising just how exhausted he was. "Nest, please?" he mewled submissively. "Clean, nest, sleep?" As always, being so thoroughly claimed by his Alpha had pushed him into his Omega and he found himself able only to form the most basic words. He ached for crisp laundered sheets, their eiderdown quilt, the soft cushiness of their bed. "Pillow," he asserted, proud of his coherence.
, I would have bent you over that desk, fucked you until you went into heat and kept going until I'd bred you, taken you on the floor when your legs started to give and ploughed into you until you screamed so loud for my cock the whole of Scotland Yard heard you wailing my name." His skin had begun to glisten with sweat from his exertions, the Alpha's heavy panting audible as he continued to thrust, jerking his mate off hard and fast. "Christ, such a needy little slut, you were just made for my cock, weren't you? I'd deduced you had a higher sex drive than most - I could always tell when you'd been fucking yourself outside of heat, your cheeks still lightly flushed, your pupils still dilated just a
The doctor blinked once, and contemplated the necessity of ordering a CT scan for the Alpha. "Alright. Name them," she challenged.
John smiled and wriggled, shifting so he could lean heavily against Sherlock while he fed the pups. It felt good to slump against his Alpha, to feel the weight and warmth of the detective's body against his back, reassuring and promising safety and protection. He sent a pulse of love through the bond lazily, letting his eyes slide closed as their babies nursed.
John's eyes widened and his expression gained a touch of sadness at being called disappointing. He moved his hands from Sherlock's thighs to his cock, squeezing slightly, rubbing in time with his mouth as he sucked and licked. "Going to give you what you asked for," he purred in between sucks. "Going to stay on my knees"
Sherlock watched the pair fondly. The first attempts to purr were some of the most adorable of their offspring’s recent developments. Pups usually didn't develop the full capacity to purr until about four- to six-months of age, but many of the litter were already trying - though the best of them usually only managed to look gassy. None had yet accomplished anything beyond an accidental squeak or hiccup, certainly not the light, sustained vibrations that would express their contentment. Arthur certainly seemed to be making a heartfelt attempt at it, the Alpha thought amusedly, as he watched the chubby little Alpha go through a series of expressions that normally meant he was about to break wind.
, the actions said,
John mewled needily as Sherlock peppered kisses over his warm skin, the attention lighting something soft and feverish in his eyes. He tightened his arms around his mate's shoulders, the action pushing his breasts closer together, making them look even fuller as they continued to swell with milk.
John smiled as his mate nuzzled him, echoing his purrs. He slept soundly through the next feeding, unconsciously cradling the pups, and sighed happily as he relaxed back onto the bed. His heat hormones spiked again, sharp and tantalising; his scent was almost floral in its complexity, notes of motherhood and fertility obvious, submission mingled with need and arousal, the egg he had dropped making him smell utterly
Downstairs, Oliver raised one eyebrow just a fraction, a little impressed at all the noise, and dunked a digestive biscuit into his tea. Mrs Hudson tutted fondly and offered Victor another scone.
In the nest, Alistair and Enora had both begun to tire, their little eyes closing despite their struggles. Soon they were both fast asleep, laid with their siblings in the sleeping pile. John smiled at Sherlock and stroked his hair gently. "How are you feeling, love?" he murmured quietly, not wanting to wake their pups.
"Of course you can have Lestrade, love. Did you really think I'd claim him and leave you with your
John smiled gratefully at Catherine, glad the other Omega was there to feed the saddened pups. "It's just as well they're not solely on milk anymore," he mused thoughtfully, "I don't think I could make enough to feed thirteen eight-month-olds." At his breast Adam hiccupped quietly and John giggled softly, stroking his son's dark hair as he re-latched and continued to nurse.
"No, sweetheart, this is grown-up food," John cooed fondly, lifting his parsnip-laden fork a little higher out of Benedict's reach. "You're not quite ready for it yet." The pup squirmed and whimpered in displeasure, but conceded a high-pitched giggle when John tickled his foot. When John looked around the table he couldn't help but grin himself; Mycroft looked calm and assured at the head of the table, checking that the pups to his left and right were sufficiently amused with their toys while he ate, and the Omegas and Mrs Hudson were all fussing over the babies near them as well. Greg and Sherlock were deep in conversation about a particularly clever locked-room murder and Molly was too busy covering Arthur in affection to eat much of her meal.
John hummed approvingly into the kiss. "And this is only two weeks," he murmured. "I've got another thirty-eight before I get to full term, although multiples usually don't. More likely I've got thirty-four weeks left... I'll still be
he rumbled, his fingers slipping under the hem of John's jumper, up the soft, lush skin and teasing the clasp of the bra that barely managed to contain his mate's voluptuous teats.
Sherlock returned the grin with a small smile of his own. "Of course," he replied without hesitation, squeezing John's hand, "Anything you need." He began to eat with a little more enthusiasm under the watchful eye of his mate, wanting John to feel happy and comfortable by the time the second act rolled around, instead of worrying about the condition of his Alpha's stomach. Knowing what he could do for his mate, the food began to taste better - he even found himself savouring a few bites as some of the knot in his gut untwisted itself. His thumb stroked gently over the back of John's hand as he worked through the plate. Soon enough, the second act was announced, and the lights dimmed once more.
Sherlock was breathing hard, his eyes shut tight, his head tilted back on the pillow behind him. His body felt light and euphoric, the occasional extra pulse of his cock sending another wave of pleasure through his post-orgasmic haze. The phone was somehow still pressed to his ear, the call still connected, Mycroft in a stunned silence on the other end of the line. "Well," Sherlock said languidly, licking his flushed lips, "See you in a half hour, then." Eyes still closed, he abruptly pressed his thumb to the button to end the call and tossed the phone somewhere on the mattress. He felt the bed shift, and soon enough his lap was full of Omega - gorgeous, round, full Omega that smelled like contentedness and arousal and him; his blue eyes opened to stare at the beautiful creature, his body slick with the Alpha's seed, and gave a groan of approval, his hands automatically coming up to cup and caress the swollen flesh. He leaned in to nuzzle it gently, place his lips to it before tilting John back and licking a long stripe from where the curve began above his groin, over his bellybutton, up to his breasts as he nosed at the twin mounds approvingly. John's erection pressed insistently against his belly, and he grinned against his mate's taut, sticky flesh. With strong, capable hands, he tilted his Omega backwards again, licking and kissing down the swell of his belly until he returned to his small cock, swallowing John's member down in one smooth movement.
"I will not," John volleyed back hotly, "our pups need to be fed. So I'm going to nurse them, and when they're full we can burp them and change them if they need it and spend some time with our other eleven children, because they are our priority now and we've been away from them for hours. And then we can talk about this." He narrowed his eyes at his mate just a little, waiting expectantly to be handed the two distressed, mewling pups in his mate's arms, feeling the pull to cradle them close and hum to them as they suckled and quieted.
Sherlock's eyes lit up brilliantly- so he had fertilized all of them, and John's confirmations made something in his chest swell warmly until he thought he would burst with love for his Omega. He shifted gently on top of John, pulling his partner closer, their bodies slotting together perfectly. He crashed his lips into John's less carefully, the kiss filled with passion and a primal Alpha possessiveness. "Mine," he couldn't help but purr.
Turning his head just slightly to look out of the window of the nest, John saw the daylight beginning to fade into evening; it was still only five thirty, but winter was drawing in fast and the nights were growing shorter. He pressed gentle kisses into Sherlock's hair as he turned back, pushing more love through the bond.
"I hope you dreamt of it pleasantly," Sherlock murmured, waking to the softness of the tongue on his skin after having slightly drifted off. He gave his mate an affectionate, sleepy lick on the cheek, "You seemed as if you were - you were certainly eager enough." He threw a glance at the alarm clock, "You were out for a good few hours - I'm glad. You and the pups needed the rest. But it was so difficult to resist you, especially after the way Mrs Hudson praised you so thoroughly when we were downstairs. I couldn't help but want you, my Omega."
Sherlock watched his Omega beneath him with dark eyes; John's milk was flowing forth in copious amounts, the air thick with the scent of the creamy liquid, his mate making a mess of himself as he squeezed his small breasts. The Alpha loved the look of pleasure his Omega was getting from touching himself like this, loved the mewls and moans, the way he was displaying himself as he desperately tried to keep up with the nourishment his breasts were producing. Sherlock noticed the mounds swelling a little more from the fullness, and it pleased him; it was almost more delicious to watch his mate waste the milk all over himself and their bed than it was to drink from him at the moment. "You love this, don't you, my little cockslut? I can feel all the children I've put in you... they're going to make you swell so big you'll be afraid you'll burst. I know exactly how you'll grow, getting bigger and bigger until your legs bow out as you struggle to walk under the weight of your womb, until you have to keep both hands on your back to balance, your big belly swinging out in front of you, until one day you wake up and find you're just too enormous, your swollen middle keeping you pinned to our bed. You'll still get bigger, though, your leaking, heavy breasts swelling to the size of melons or even larger, constantly paining you with their fullness, my pups getting bigger and bigger inside you until you can hardly fit in our bed, your belly is so large. You'll be so ripe and overfull, completely Omega, just like you are now, lying there in a daze as you wait to birth, still wanting my cock and wanting to submit to me even though you'll be completely at the mercy of your enormous belly. Then it will come your time to birth - you'll be lowing and panting like the Omega animal you are, helpless to lie there through your pains, unable to do anything but tremble and moan while you push out one big pup after another into my waiting hands... So beautiful," he murmured.
Mycroft beamed, tears beginning to sting his eyes, as he stepped forward and gently removed the collar from her tiny hands. "You will be free to live your own life," he whispered, his voice shaking. "I will send someone for your clothes and possessions. Today, we will leave here together and we will not look back. You will never have a harsh word from me and I will never beat you, I swear to you that I will keep you safe. As for this..." he regarded the collar with distaste, "we will have it burned." He opened his arms, an invitation for the woman to step into their safety.
They moved slowly, circling each other, sizing each other up. A muscle twitched in Siger's jaw, Mycroft's fingers tightened imperceptibly on the handle of his weapon, but neither moved to attack just yet. "I suppose it is better this way," the older Alpha rumbled without feeling. "Now when I have your brother locked away I will have a completely fresh slate, and I will raise the pups he sired without the possibility of them learning bad habits and insolence from
" Sherlock shouted, and promptly doubled over to vomit in the plastic bin on his lap.
John nuzzled into his Alpha, inhaling his scent, feeling warm and protected. "I know, I just... that heat with you was... mind-blowingly good. When you knotted me..." he shivered a little at the memory of the pleasure. "When you knotted me, my vision went white, it felt so good... I knew instantly I'd be having your babies. I didn't know if it would take that time or if we'd have to fuck again but the way your knot felt inside me, I knew it would make sure you put babies in me," he purred, getting a little breathless at the thought. "I'm going to miss it..."
His Alpha's precum and his own lubrications soon had him dripping, gravity working with him to help the next pup along. He bit his lip and concentrated on relaxing further, moaning loudly as the baby worked its way into the birth canal, bucking his hips into his mate's fist. It was almost like being knotted, in a way; the wonderful
he grunted out, thrusting more shallowly as if his way was becoming blocked by the descending pup. He kissed hotly along John's neck and jaw, one hand stroking roughly through the Omega's hair to comfort him. As John's groans increased the Alpha pulled back more and more, feeling his orgasm building nonetheless, holding John down and taking what he wanted even as he gave him the next pup.
John woke to find Sherlock still beside him, sleeping. He ran a hand over his stomach, smiling, before giving a start and looking down - he'd almost forgotten that Sherlock had commanded him to swell. Silently he got out the scanner and quickly had images of the babies on the screen, tiny forms with recognisable limbs and heads. "Wake up, love... Look at this," he said softly, stroking his mate's chest.
"Perfect," John sighed, nuzzling the nearest pup affectionately, purring softly as the sounds of the pups cooing filled the nest. They were up again just a few hours later for another feed, and when the sun had risen fully the family woke bleary-eyed, stirring themselves again for the first feed of the morning. They were tired, but between them they had managed pretty well; John rubbed his face, willing himself awake, as he went to fetch Enora and Lucy from their cots and held them to his breasts. He sat back against the headboard, and soon Remington was seated in the beanbag to his left, cradling Adam as he gave the tiny Alpha a warmed bottle. John smiled fondly at how he crooned over the pup. "You can't wait to have pups of your own, can you?" he murmured kindly, stroking Lucy's back absently.
Sherlock kissed up and down John's chest and neck as the Omega spoke, John's descriptions sending thrills through his body. He squeezed John's hand back, leaning down to kiss the man again. "Four?" He murmured his guesses between kisses. "... Six? ... Seven?"
. I'm still recovering! I feel like I never want to get out of this bed again... Don't worry love, I will show you
Somewhere in the back of his rational mind, he knew John had never been touched by another Alpha, and perhaps that was what had thus far made him so gentle. Nor had John willingly tried to seduce another; he did not need to be punished. But nonetheless, his Omega was covered in another Alpha's scent. The reasons hardly mattered - he and the pups needed to be re-claimed. And it could not wait. "Mine," the Alpha hissed predatorially, and pounced.
"Omega doctors aren't allowed Alpha patients... Too risky to shut an Alpha and an Omega into a room alone," he whimpered, giving a very slight yelp as Sherlock nipped at his bruised, tender lips. "I was never going to come home smelling of another Alpha. Is that part of why you were so upset?" he asked gently, tilting and shifting agreeably to allow Sherlock access to whichever part of him he wanted to claim. "I'm yours Sherlock, all yours. Claim me, put your scent on me... Everyone will know your claim on me before they see my bondbite," he whispered, stroking the Alpha's chest and lapping at his scent gland.
Sherlock purred. "My pups," he rumbled, "A perfect litter of three. Round, healthy triplets that you begged me to put in you, dropped eggs so I could fertilize them and make you swell out like this with my children." He continued to rub the Omega's gravidity, adding a little pressure to his motions for emphasis. The Alpha thumbed over his mate's navel, regarding John's belly with pride and admiration, as if it were a fine work of art, created by his own skill. "And before this you carried the thirteen now sleeping in their cots, grew so large you were pinned to the bed for months, unable to want anything besides food, sleep, and my cock." He kissed him, and smiled against his lips. "You don't have to dream it anymore," he murmured, rolling his hips, "You have it, you have me, always, whenever you wish."
"Couldn't we?" Sherlock murmured the fantasy hotly in John's ear, "I could unbutton your shirt at the table and show everyone how swollen you are, how you've produced so much your breasts are sloshing and aching with it, leaking uncontrollably. They'd all be so jealous of you, how much creamy, rich milk your body is producing, and only me to drink it all for now. I could milk you into a glass if you wanted to be more
, it said,
, Sherlock said as he watched his mother hurry out. The Alpha so desperately wanted to spend more time with his kinder parent; while Siger had never allowed her to be a constant presence in their sons' lives, and had barred her from showing much affection, Sherlock still had cherished memories of the timid woman slipping him food at night, or teaching him how to bake with Cook on those rare occasions when Siger went away for an evening and forgot to order her to kneel and wait. She'd read to Sherlock, too, when she could, somehow (he knew Cook had something to do with it) managing to get her hands on one of the slim, pastel-coloured children's books that were banned from the household. She'd allowed herself to pet him, then, in secret, trembling with unspoken love as she dared to stroke a thin hand through her little boy's thick curls.
"That would be lovely," Victor said graciously, as if Sherlock had extended a coherent and eloquent invitation. "Let me give you Oliver's card, it's got our home number on it..."
me, fuck... I had to use my toys when I got back to the bedsit," he admitted bashfully, "had to stuff myself full of silicone and imagine it was you, I fucked myself for
"Oh, that's it love... Feels good... Mmm, that's right, all for you," John mewled softly as his Alpha latched on to his other breast, the only sounds in the wooden cabin the rustling of their clothes as they moved, the soft sucking of Sherlock's mouth against John's nipple and John's breathy encouragement. Sherlock drained him slowly and he sat there happily, feeling his milk let down and empty into his Alpha's eager mouth. Finally he felt the last of his milk leave him and he stroked his mate's hair. "That's it, love, all done," he purred, raising his head from his breast to press a soft kiss against his milk-wet lips. "Thank you... We should probably head back now," he said gently. "What do
interesting without request, but he knew he simply had to adjust. Utter submission was the point of subspace. John was a doll whose every movement was dictated by his owner.
It was little more than a day after their wedding before the Holmes-Watsons returned home. Sherlock and John had stayed away just long enough to make use of Molly's Christmas gift, enjoying dinner and a quiet evening at the symphony, then returning to their suite at the Landau to shag each other senseless - at least until John fell asleep on the Alpha's cock. By the morning, they were packing their things, a private car waiting to take them back to their nest. A full honeymoon had been out of the question; while Sherlock would have braved the tropics for the sole purpose of seeing his gravid mate in a string bikini, John's condition would not allow them to travel easily, nor very far; spending too much time away from the safe familiarity of their nest while John was so heavy would prove distressing for both Alpha and Omega.
"Good," John replied briskly, "that's good. And we're
Sherlock's Alpha had been close to the surface for the entire outing.
"-it means done, Daddy was chasing a bad man who had done a crime-"
"Ohh god, that's it...," Sherlock groaned loudly, John's movements tugging on the knot and sending spasms of pleasure through the Alpha's body. His hands moved to John's belly, feeling its weight, the heavy mound pressing forward into his hands as John rocked frantically. "Fuck, so good, such a good Omega- tell me how good it feels- to be so full of my pups-- Christ, you're going to get so
he clarified,
... don't want it," he whined desperately, distressed. He whimpered in relief as his Alpha growled and tore the shirt off him, buttons scattering everywhere, and the vest soon followed. John tugged at Sherlock's arm again, dragging him towards the bedroom, wanting to climb into bed with his mate. He threw up the duvet and wriggled under it, making a kind of tent for them, a warm cocoon of bedding that just smelled of
He was right. The pup slipped out of him with two small pushes and within three minutes had been followed by another. John panted, ready for a break before the last one, and shifted to sitting again, nursing the two newest arrivals in the break before Blake would start demanding to be fed once more. Felix Bennet, another Omega boy, nursed happily at John's left breast, sporting a pale blue hat over his dark waves, while his Omega sister Viola Sibyl had her dark curls all but hidden beneath her violet hat. He held them close, overwhelmed with joy again; twelve precious children already, twelve tiny lives who knew him as their mother, had nursed from him and taken on his scent, twelve little babies Sherlock had given him. He purred softly, smiling at his mate.
- captaincumberbitch
John couldn't help but spread his legs, feeling himself growing slick and aroused the more he displayed himself. With a deep rumble, the Alpha placed one large hand on his mate's swollen belly, beginning to rub in sensual, tender circles, and the Omega mewled prettily in response.
Sherlock found the photographs came surprisingly easy; he'd dreaded the stiff, formal poses and cheesy smiles that he'd seen in wealthy clients' homes, or in those homes that were so unfortunate as to have become crime scenes. John's gentle affections led him naturally through the session. For a few long minutes, the Alpha forgot the click of the camera, his eyes only for his mate, nuzzling, kissing, gently caressing the Omega in his lap. When they were asked to look at the camera, he found his smile remained easily, the detective grinning mildly through the few more traditional poses they were asked to do, stealing playful kisses between each set that the photographer readily captured, an audible
, he remarked,
Sherlock had to shift as John grew, turning them both so he could slide away from the headboard, leaning farther back to accommodate the swell of John's growing belly as it pressed incessantly outward. Six months along with triplets meant that the Omega looked full term with one child, his belly now ripe and round, much more distinct than the soft swell it had been only minutes earlier. He eased himself up further once he was sure that his mate's inflation was in no danger of crushing his ribs. The Alpha's cock was massively hard inside his mate - he'd been on the cusp of coming until John's middle had pressed so hard into him he'd realized he needed to lie back initially to make room for its girth. He could sit most of the way up now, John's belly a large mass between them. The Alpha purred. His hands began to greedily run over his mate's middle, the low rumbling of his pleasure growing louder as he felt their babies roll and kick.
It upset him how little his mate smelled like him; it was so faint, hardly detectable.
Mycroft couldn't help the desperate strangled groan of pleasure that escaped him as he felt his Omega's waters break around his cock. He gently extricated himself and nuzzled her neck, stroking her belly soothingly. "Oh, my darling love," he whispered, "it's time? My sweet one. Shall I fetch a midwife?" They had discussed the birth, of course, and had planned to be in their nest at home, but Mycroft did not want his precious Omega to feel any apprehension at this new situation. At that moment, had she asked him for the moon, he felt he could have fetched it. "What do you need, my treasure?"
Sherlock's eyes were wide and hungry, the Alpha almost salivating as he panted. "You... You're..," he groaned stupidly, his mind clouded over with lust. "Hahhh...
He let his lust flow undisguised through their bond, making his pleasure known.
treated you. I hated the things he said to you, I
to fuck me or bond with me or breed with me," he insisted again, still close to tears at the painful thought. "You're not even trying to look for that thing you need anymore... you're... you're going to fuck me, aren't you?" he gasped, half-hopeful, half-afraid.
"Too much," the Alpha replied quietly, deathly pale, the book opened to pages on placental abruptions and preeclampsia. "You... you should sit down," he murmured, tugging John gently but urgently onto the sofa. Sherlock curled against his mate, resting his head on John's full chest, closing his eyes and breathing deeply. "You're healthy," he said softly, as if reassuring himself, "The pups are healthy. We... we have a strong bond." He swallowed. The worst complications usually only occurred in Beta pregnancies; Omegas were specially built to carry pups, and nine times out of ten, would get through all their childbearing years without a single problem. "Tell me," he whispered, "Tell me you know everything will be alright."
In truth, Mycroft had been deeply asleep, exhausted after a full day with his brother's numerous offspring, too many of whom were able to walk or crawl at an alarming speed, and each of whom had their own idea of what they wanted to play. He'd woken with a start to the sound of voices, the sight of his brother urinating freely, and a sinking feeling that he would be eviscerated by John Holmes-Watson. Wiping the drool from his chin, the disoriented pack Alpha had attempted a vault out of bed, caught his foot on the guard rail in the dark, had the wind knocked out of him when he landed on his stomach, and managed to pick himself up to try and rectify the situation- just in time to meet with John coming through the doorway.
