Dean raised his shaking hands to his face and felt the tears on his cheeks and angrily wiped them off, leaving his cheeks red and irritated.
Dean smiled gratefully and took the bottle and opened the beer bottle with the silver ring he wore on his right hand, Mary’s old one, which was almost a mirror of his left. As he worked the ring back onto his finger, Dean felt Bobby’s gaze on him, taking in every small moment. He made conscious effort to move like the hunter Dean Winchester and not the archangel Jensen. Less gracious, more harsh, and careful.
Sam remained standing outside, frozen in place before he shook himself and climbed into the driver’s seat, glancing over to the passenger side and saw Dean sitting with crossed arms and glared at the dashboard in front of him.
“Well,” Dean started, with a smile. “Cheers! To a new beginning!” He exclaimed and took a gulp of water.
Uriel, with a tight hold of Dean's shirt, smiled as he punched Dean's face. “I've been waiting for this.” He said, smirking like a mad man.
“What the Hell was that Dean?!” Sam asked angrily once they had gotten back to the motel room and Dean had laid down on his bed. “What were you trying to get her to do? Kill you?”
Dean, however, ignored the soft tone and crossed his arms over his chest. “Well, that's pretty convenient. Showing up right when we find the girl with some bigwig on your tail?” He said with a raised eyebrow. Anna watched the interactions from where she was standing next to Sam’s much taller body.
Sam took the Impala to the diner down the street instead of walking. The purr of the Impala’s engine did nothing to drown out his thoughts. Dean had been saved by angels. Angels were real.
“I have part of a plan.” Dean said slowly. It was an idiotic plan, but it would work. “We let the seals break.”
The younger of the two looked at the older with careful eyes. “You really remember Hell?” He asked, softly.
Dean felt Sam look at him with a worried glance, but Dean couldn’t tear his eyes away from the two angels.
The demon looked up when they entered and looked at them with an annoyed expression. “Well, that didn’t take forever.” She sarcastically told them.
Sam smiled sadly. “I thought it was my car. Besides, you once said you’d come back to haunt me if I did anything to the Impala.”
Sam looked around the living room and realized he couldn’t see nor hear the old hunter anywhere in the house. “Where’s Bobby?” He asked.
Sam jumped in surprise at Dean’s silent appearance. “Uh, Missouri’s preparing a hypnosis. She believes she can reach deep into Anna’s subconsciousness and make her tell us whatever she’s ‘guilty’ of.” Sam answered.
“That’s another question.” Sam stated. “Why would you want to fall? Why would you like to be one of us?” He asked, confused as to what was so attractive about humanity.
Sam quickly thought it over before he nodded. “Sure.” He agreed and stood. “You gonna be alright?” He asked softly.
Castiel was more than content to stay in the bed the whole night, watching his fiancé sleep and protecting him from whatever dangers could appear. Even if the worst danger is mostly nightmares; not real.
Sam, who had been staring at them with a look of horror, immediately surged forward at Dean’s call, laying the formerly possessed man on the floor before he rushed to Ruby and pulled her back by the shoulder. Ruby’s concentration broke and Dean dropped to the floor on his knees where he chuckled madly.
Dean rolled his eyes. “I solemnly swear to not hunt like a bumbass and get myself killed.” He replied, though his reference was lost on Castiel.
Dean sat down one of the chairs by the table where the food laid and took a deep swig of beer, before placing it on his knee, contemplating on how to explain everything. “Angels are real.” Dean decided was the most obvious start. “And they rescued me from Hell as they have ‘work’ for me.” Dean explained with air quotes.
The angel stepped forward and was about to touch Dean when Alastair snarled. “You’re not taking Dean. He’s mine!” Alastair snarled and attacked the angel, blade clashing against the angel’s silver one. The angel grabbed Dean’s shoulder and shoved him to the ground to get him away from the demon and angel’s fight.
Dean stood in the shower, leaning against the tiled wall as the warm water cascaded down his body. He didn’t do anything to wash himself with the toiletries and instead he thought of the memories he had regained only a few hours earlier.
“Where’s Dean?” She asked, remembering him quickly leaving after exposing her. “I mean, I know he gave up on me and left, but did he tell you anything? You sure he’s safe?”
Taking the protective hex bag out of her pocket, she set it on fire with the help of a lighter. Barely a second passed before Alastair appeared, looking casual while giving off a dangerous and threatening vibe.
“So it’s like sex?” Dean responded with a raised eyebrow and unimpressed face. Sam shrugged, but the look in Sam’s eyes had Dean cringing. “Really? You and Ruby? She’s a demon, Sam!”
“So, they lock you up with a case of the crazies when really you were just... tuning in to angel radio?” Dean questioned, gazing into Anna’s hazel eyes.
The red-head couldn’t help but glare at him at the hunter for interrupting her. “What’s so funny?” She harshly asked, “What?”
Sam took a small step forward. “No, Dean’s right.” He declared. Both Castiel and Dean looked at him. “If we find out what the seal is before all others are broken, then we can protect it while we find a way to reverse the seals. If we protect the last seal or make it unusable, then we have a chance of stopping it.” Sam started to smile, the type of smile he got when he was excited about a case or he realized something smart.
“Thanks.” Dean replied, smiling as he slipped the ring onto his finger. The sigils glowed briefly and the ring shrank into the perfect size for his body.
Castiel ignored his fellow angel's comments and looked at the group consisting of the two hunters and the demon. “We're here for Anna.” He commanded in a voice full of authority. His lips twitched in a smile when he saw Dean shift on his feet and his pupils dilating.
Sam did a double take at the answer. “Wait, you mean falling, like, literally?” He questioned with furrowed eyebrows.
Sam smirked tauntingly. "Oh, it looks like it's over in my eyes. Douchebag." He spoke with a confident voice.
Anna glanced between the brothers and the demon, getting worried when the brothers looked guilty and Ruby wouldn't meet her eyes. “What?” She asked worriedly.
"No?" Alastair questioned and prepared himself to bring down the blade for another cut, but Ruby stopped him.
Sam remained outside the bathroom until he heard the shower turn on and Dean getting in. Hearing the shower turn on, Sam let out a breath he didn’t know he was holding. His body shook with the shock of what had just went down. Shaking his head, Sam went out to the Impala. He didn’t share Dean’s obsession with the car, but he couldn’t help but smile and pat the roof.
With just that simple touch, the dark demon essence in Dean’s soul burned away and it was as if Dean’s head exploded. Memories of a life before he was Dean Winchester, a life as God’s fifth creation and as a powerful angel, billions of years worth of memories flooded Dean’s brain.
Sam looked at him with eyes showing an emotion almost like worry. Or was that pity? Dean couldn’t really tell as he shouldered past Sam and collapsed into the chair he had occupied during the last days and picked up one of the books from the pile on the desk.
“I had forgotten how beautiful it is.” Dean commented, eyes still glued to the levitating dirt. “To be fair, I had forgotten everything about my life as an angel.” Dean added with a shrug.
“I found Jensen. He’s alive and well. Or as well as a person trapped in Hell for 40 years could be.” Castiel stated and watched as horrified understanding filled Balthazar’s eyes.
“Cas, stop… please.” Sam begged, using the angel's nickname for the first time as his brother's boyfriend/partner threateningly made his way over to Sam.
Dean shrugged in response. “Well, yeah. The Dean, I guess.” He answered with a weak and nervous chuckle.
“She is far from innocent.” Castiel retaliated and Dean had to bite his cheek to keep from agreeing.
Sam’s eyes traveled back up to his brother’s face when he remembered the hand-shaped brand on his left arm. “Hey, Dean.” Sam called as he sat down on the couch and Dean took a seat on the bed.
Dean hummed and pulled his t-shirt over his head. “I’m okay with that.” Grabbing his jacket from where it was at the edge of the bed, Dean turned to look at the angel. “I’ll talk to you later. But right now, I’ve gotta find a way to stop the Apocalypse. And don’t forget to check out of the room before you leave.”
The red-haired girl shrugged. “You tell me. You tell me why my life has been leveled… why my parents are dead.” She ranted angrily. “I don’t know! I swear! I would give anything to know.”
They came up in a huge grassy field, a simple wooden cross marking Dean’s grave. Dean looked around, seeing trees surrounding the field. Dean looked down at his grave, at the newly turned dirt his body rested underneath, that wasn’t burnt based on the tugging motion he felt at being this close to it and the thought of entering his body while his chest was still ripped open and his body decaying made Dean shudder, and as if Castiel had heard his thought he asked, “Shall I heal your body before I place your soul in it?”
“Hiya!” She greeted cheerfully. “What can I get ya, honey?” She asked in a Minnesotan accent. Dean immediately noticed how she eyed him like a piece of sweets.
Dean shrugged and crossed his arms protectively over his chest. “Yeah. I remember most of what they did to me. But after so long, the pain starts to blend together.” He paused for a second before he continued. “I remember what I did to others.”
Sam smiled despite the unease he felt for the demon and answered, “Yeah, well, we’ll muddle through. We always do.”
Dean shivered and tensed at what Castiel vaguely had referenced. Ariel and Balthazar was known amongst the angels for their wild sex life. Several orgies, weird kinks and fetishes, exotic positions; just the wildest sex in general. To think that Castiel had picked up on some of that made a thrill shoot through Dean’s body as well as a hint of dread. He loved the innocent Castiel, the one who was so shy during sex, always afraid to hurt.
“I had the day off work and decided to go to the garden to relax. I never expected to meet you there. Immediately, I apologized and tried to leave, but you told me to stay. So I sat down and watched as you puttered around. When you were finished, you sat next to me and asked for my name. You asked me if I was a soldier and I said yes, then you introduced yourself, even though there’s not a single angel who doesn’t know who you are. You were so embarrassed, it was adorable.
Sam’s eyebrows shot up towards his hairline. “So grace ground zero… it’s not destruction, It’s …” He spoke, but trailed off, unsure of how to word it in a good way.
Balthazar looked at Castiel in question and received a nod in return. Balthazar smiled and looked at his wife. “Jay’s back. He’s alive.” He smiled and released a laugh of disbelief.
Usually, Dean didn’t mind reading. Sure, before his memories were back he’d rather be out interrogating witnesses and going to bars than go to the library. But the fact that he’s been reading non-stop for 2 days was driving him insane. And they hadn’t found anything about the seals. Nothing. Nil. Nada.
"Wouldn't try that if I were you. See, she got her grace back. Full-blown angel now." Dean easily lied with a smirk.
“Dean Winchester.” The woman drawled in response before they pulled out of the hug. She lowered her voice as she looked at him with warm eyes. “Or should I call you Jensen?” She asked with a raised eyebrow.
Dean smiled up at the angel through the haze of his orgasm, combing his fingers through the sweaty black hair. “I love you.” He whispered and watched as Castiel’s eyes opened. The blue color was truly magical. Like the sky was trapped in his eyes.
Castiel looked gultily at Dean and then Sam. “Because we’re about to destroy it.” Castiel finished and released a heavy breath.
Sam stopped and looked at his brother in the eyes with stern ones of his own. “I'm not talking about Anna. I'm talking about the fact that your boyfriend tried to attack us and kill the woman we're trying to protect.” Sam explained.
Sam stood straight and looked at Anna with a guilty and hesitant expression, Dean mirroring his expression. “Uh…” Was all Sam could get out.
Dean shook his head and turned to smile at him tiredly. “Can’t sleep. My brain won’t shut up and Hell keeps haunting me.”
Sam continued his story, of his argument with Ruby and his attempt at killing Lilith, who was nowhere near where his 'attack’ took place.
"How dare you come in this room... you pussing sore?" Uriel growled and Dean could imagine the way his wings spread in threat.
"Orders are orders. I know. Just make it quick." She spoke and held her arms out for them to attack her.
Queen's Tavern is a fictional bar I made up. It's named after 2 things: Oliver Queen and the band Queen (which I've become obsessed with since I watched Bohemian Rhapsody for the first the time)
Sam released a silent breath of relief and picked Dean up by his armpits. He slung Dean’s arm around his shoulder and curled his own around Dean’s waist, before hoisting both himself and Dean up.
Castiel hummed in agreement before he nuzzled his nose into Dean’s light brown hair. “Can I tell you something if you promise not to tell another soul? Or grace?” He asked and waited until Dean nodded. “I’m not as good of a soldier as I once was. I have questions, I have doubts. I don’t know what is right and what is wrong anymore, whether I’ve passed or failed here.” Castiel admitted.
Dean shook his head against Sam’s chest. “Sam, you don’t understand. I tortured so many people I lost count. I- I broke the first seal.” Dean confessed as his breathing hitched with tears.
Sam chuckled at his brother’s overprotectiveness of the Impala. “I got her. She’s fine.” He answered, using female pronouns as his brother always insisted the Impala was a
Castiel nodded and smiled. “It was a test, to see how you would perform under… battlefield conditions, you might say. You know, so you can be Michael’s vessel.” He shrugged, trying not to jostle Dean’s head on his chest.
Dean prayed to his fiancé, and received no answer. He could only hope that Castiel understood what he meant and that no angel heard the prayer.
“Sam…” Dean breathed. This was the first time in almost 20 years he heard that name. At first, when Dean was on the rack, Alastair would taunt him and say that Sam had continued Azazel’s plan, but when the demon realized that Dean knew Sam wouldn’t do that, Alastair stopped mentioning the man at all, which was an even crueler torture for Dean, not knowing if his brother is alright or not, of Sam is dead or if he truly did continue Azazel’s plan.
Sam’s stomach growled growl as he and Sam talked about that hunt with the Trickster, the first time around, about how ridiculous they both had been with their fight. Dean, however, chuckled at the mention of ‘purple nurples’.
Sam cut himself off and seems to consider something. “Ruby told me that Lilith was cooking up something big of the Apocalypse sort. Think it's got to do anything with the seals?” He asked Dean.
Dean stood outside for another moment before nodding to himself and entering Missouri’s house. He looked through the rooms in search for Anna, Missouri and his brother and found them down in the basement, in a room similar to Bobby’s panic room.
With his hand on the doorknob, Castiel stopped and looked back at his fiancé with a warm, genuine smile. “Nannaeel nonci hoath.” He spoke.
Bobby stared at the angel, calculating, before he nodded in acceptance. “Your brother knows?” Bobby asked Dean with a raised eyebrow.
And while I'm busy dealing with everything my mom left behind and those type of stuff, fucking Corona is ruining everything. I am writing this while I'm listening to my teachers on my online classes. My mom's funeral was ruined because so few people were brave enough to show up. Sweden (where I live) is in a partial quarantine, meaning you can go out and go to stores, but we can't be over 50 people in the same place and all classes above 9th grade are cancelled (younger kids are still in school due to them not being able to be home alone while their parents work and the parents can't be home with their kids 'cause they're possibly a nurse or doctor or something important that can't be at home for a longer period of time).
Dean made a comment of how unbelievable it was for Anna to have knocked someone out who was much bigger and heavier than her.
They landed outside the deserted gas station, looking like so many other Dean had seen on the road. A phone booth stood a couple of feet away, sparking the idea to call his brother and Bobby to let them know he’s alive. A beat-up white pick up stood parked outside and if Dean hadn’t had Castiel there, he would’ve probably hotwired the car and used it to get to Bobby’s.
Dean glared angrily at Sam and sat up completely in the motel bed. “Actually, Castiel. Why don’t you explain the effects of drinking demon blood.” Dean suggested, never taking his eyes off Sam.
The gravel road turned into asphalt and buildings grew tighter and tighter until he was in the center of whatever Illinois town he was in.
Sam groaned and pressed his hands into his eyes, rubbing them harshly. “Now that’s seared into my brain.” He complained and Dean nodded in agreement.
Danielle left, and Dean grabbed the phone and went into the text messages, learning from his mistake at the payphone. He typed in Bobby's number and within a minute, his text was sent.
His world was so focused on his memories he didn’t know how much time passed. He could just vaguely feel the water turn cold over time.
Dean looked at Sam with a raised eyebrow as Sam’s stomach growled again. “When was the last time you ate?” He asked, big brother instincts blaring back into life.
“You shouldn’t steal the money.” Castiel said with a frown. “You can take the food and drinks, that can be replaced, but the clerk worked hard for the money.”
Dean chuckled manically. “Michael is just as bad as Lucifer! In fact, he’s worse! If Michael wins, he’s going to kill half of humanity and use the rest as his slaves and pets. Lucifer is merciful and will at least kill everyone and spare them from torment.” Dean sighed heavily, the anger at his two oldest brothers fading.
“Dude,” Dean said hoarsely. “Do you have to loom over me while I’m naked?” Dean questioned as he pushed Sam away. Sam turned his head when Dean stood, silently offering the older a towel to cover up his privates.
Tessa quickly nodded. “Yeah. And let me tell you, you were the most annoying soul I’ve ever reaped, you were dead-set on getting back to Sam and John.” She spoke with a smile. Though her smile quickly faded. “You reacted just like an angel of family would’ve.”
Dean continued examining the hex bags in his hands before muttering a quiet, “Thanks.” He was a little bummed that he didn’t have his grace so he could make sure the bags were safe. He turned to look at Anna and handed her one of the hex bags. “Don’t lose this.” He commanded before taking on a softer voice. “So, what’s playing on the angel radio? Anything useful?” He asked.
The red-haired woman sighed and looked down at the ground. “I don’t know. Maybe I don’t deserve to be saved.” She spoke with a small, sad shrug.
Dean stood frozen as the demon turned it’s gaze to him. “Alastair.” Dean breathed, seeing the white eyes despite the meat suit not showing them, the white shining in Alastair’s true form.
Ariel brushed her brown hair out of her eyes as her deep brown eyes caught Castiel’s blue ones. “Castiel! What a pleasant surprise.” She smiled and went down the steps to kiss his cheek. “What are you boys talkin’ bout?” She asked and put her hands on her hips with a grin.
Dean and Bobby broke away from each other a minute later. The older hunter held Dean by the shoulders at arm’s length away from him and stared the boy up and down again. “What- H- How?” He asked in shock. There was no sign of the hellhounds nor of any previous injuries.
Dean's chest felt tight, like his ribs were squeezing his lungs and heart. Happiness and relief taking up the entire space behind his sternum. “Alright, Sammy. No need to start a Pride parade just because I've come out as bi.”
“Well, Anna's father was a church deacon. When she became ill, her paranoia took on religious overtones. She was convinced the devil was about to rise up and end the world. I hope you find her. It's dangerous for her to be out there alone right now.” Julia urgently said.
Dean pulled his arms tighter around himself, trying to make himself smaller. “I… broke in Hell, Sam.” He took a deep breath. “At the end of every day, Alastair, my torturer, he would offer me the chance to get off of the rack if I picked up the blade myself.” Dean swallowed thickly and closed his eyes against the burning tears. “I tried to hold on, but after 30 years I couldn’t take it anymore.”
Sam took a deep breath through his nose and felt a strong smell of sweat and dirt -- as well as the faintest smell of rotting flesh that Sam didn’t want to think about -- coming from Dean’s body and clothes. “Dude, you reek.” Sam exclaimed, his nose wrinkled in disgust.
Just as Sam straightened, he saw Ruby across the bar. “Keep the money.” He told the man they were playing against, Brian, and walked towards Ruby.
Uriel scoffed when his eyes fell on the archangel-turned-hunter, the corner of his lips tugging up in a half-smile. "Look at that." The angel spoke in fake awe. "It's so cute when monkeys wear clothes."
Castiel smiled at Sam after Dean’s introduction of them both. Seeing the smile that was so very familiar to Balthazar, Dean mentally sighed.
“I gotta go out. Get some food, go to a bar, pick up someone. Anything! As long as I can get out and escape reading!” Dean exclaimed, eyes probably a little crazy by that point.
“Forget the angels.” She said, her voice scared out of nowhere. “It’s Alastair I’m scared of.” Her voice shook as she said the demon’s name, as if it would summon him.
“Okay.” Anna quaked quietly in response, standing completely still as Sam closed the door to the closet.
Sam chuckled, but looked concerned at Dean’s refusal to look at him. He carefully reached out to grab Dean’s chin and used it to turn his face towards him. Sam’s heart nearly broke at the sight of Dean’s tear-filled eyes.
Sam and Missouri looked scared at the announcement while Dean sighed heavily -- having already known who he was, he knew Anna had to be handed over to the angels.
Dean leaned back against the wall, mirroring his brother, and Sam grew silent as Missouri straightened her back as she stood over the red-haired woman.
“Still don’t like her.” Dean muttered. “How did you and Ruby even wind up together?” Dean asked angrily.
The younger looked at him with a tired face. “Yeah. But there’s something in the report. Turns out her latest psych episode wasn’t her first.” He spoke and got a hum as a sign to continue. “When she as 2 and a half, she’d get hysterical any time her dad got close. She was convinced it wasn’t her real father.” He continued and looked up at Dean with an expectant face.
!!!!!ATTENTION!!!!! As Supernatural has been announced to end next year with season 15, progress on this book might be slower (or quicker) as I'm pretty depressed that the show is ending. I will try and finish the book even though the show is ending and hopefully I will. I don't know if I'm gonna watch the show after it ends, so I can't really promise anything.
Dean took a sip and smiled at the sweet taste mixed in with the bitterness of the rum. He nursed the drink for a minute in silence before he heard someone come up behind him.
Dean smirked, but it never quite reached his eyes. “One of the benefits of being best friends with an angel who pulled you out of Hell; is that the angel can borrow out some powers to you and the angelic vision allowing them to see the true forms of demons and angels.” Dean shrugged nonchalantly, as if he hadn’t almost revealed the very fact he was trying to hide. Anger can be a vicious motivator, possible even reveal a hidden relationship.
Julia nodded in answer. “Two months ago, she was happy, well-adjusted, journalism major, lots of friends. Bright future.”
Sam spoke during the drive, but Dean was distracted by the thoughts of what Anna could be. No normal human should know of the seals. “Two months ago,” Dean started, thinking back to what the psychiatrist had said. “When I came back from Hell?” Dean questioned with a glance at Sam.
Castiel nodded. “For the 30 years Dean has been alive, he’s had no memories of his previous life as an archangel, nor did he know his own name. It wasn’t until I touched his soul in Hell that he remembered.”
“She-she wouldn't… she’s been helping me all this time…” Sam stuttered, the anger fading as he recounted all the times Ruby helped them. Or did she really help them?
When the sound of Castiel’s fluttering wings faded, Balthazar and Ariel looked at each other, a light behind their eyes, hope and happiness, as they hugged each other tight.
Dean felt tears burn in his eyes, Sam’s gentle touch a huge contrast to what he went through in Hell. Dean wrapped his own arms around Sam, but recoiled when he touched Sam’s bare upper body.
Ruby calmed down with a deep breath, but she still sounded agitated when she spoke, “Anna’s grace is gone. You understand? She can’t angel up. She can’t protect us. We can’t fight Heaven
Dean saw the moment his words registered to his brother (or brother-by-body, he supposed). Sam’s eyes widened and his mouth dropped open. “Dean?” He asked, voice on the edge between hope and disbelief.
The end is messy and I blame sleep depriviton and 8 anxiety attacks. I will go back later and edit and fix it up. In the meantime, constructive criticism is appreaciated.
“To be honest,” Sam’s voice broke through her thoughts. “I don’t think Dean really likes him. That it’s some kind of… Stockholm Syndrome or hero worship. It’s not love that’s keeping them together.”
Dean went rigid in Castiel’s lap, breath stuttering. “They, they…” Dean stuttered, on the edge of panic. “Sam has to give Anna to the angels! I-I can’t…” Dean released a high-pitched whine as he began to cry in panic, and started hyperventilating.
“Not much. Got a few burnt feathers, but other than that I’m fine.” Castiel entered the house and looked around. Other than two whiskey glasses and a bottle of Johnnie Walker with three-quarters left on the coffee table, it looked the same as it did the last time he was there.
Dean turned back around to look at the red-haired girl. “Well, at least now we know why the demons want you so bad. They get a hold of you, they can hear everything the other side's cooking. You're 1-900-angel.”
Sam mimicked his brother and leaned back against the wall. “Neither do I.” Sam replied, agreeing with his brother.
Noticing the scared looks, Anna was quick to reassure them. “Don’t be afraid. I’m not like the others.” She told them.
“You scared me.” Sam's voice broke the silence and Dean's concentration. Dean opened his eyes and turned around to look at the younger. He felt his heart ache when he saw Sam's red rimmed eyes and puffy cheeks. “I thought it was a dream, that you came back.”
“Oh, really?” Dean smiled and took a drink from his beer. He swallowed his drink and looked around the room, smiling softly at the sight of his family and friends and friends gathered together.
“Well, except the first and last. The first seal shall be broken ‘when a righteous man sheds blood in Hell’. The last one is still unknown except for a few of the highest ranking demons. I heard some chatter about it while in Hell, but not enough to know what it is. But most seals depend on the breaking of the natural order, so I assume it’s something along those lines.” Dean told them, but avoided to mention that the first seal was already broken.
Dean winced at the thought of hellfire and torture. “I’d rather let Hell stay right where it belongs; in Hell.” Dean answered, tiredly.
“It's not uncommon for our patients to believe that monsters are real.” Julia commented and Dean hid his smile at the truth of his statement by looking down in the notebook.
Sam took hold of his brother again and ran. Away from the church, away from Anna. Away from Alastair. He got his older brother to the Impala and shoved Dean into the passenger seat before sitting down in the driver’s seat and rushing out of there, way above the speed limit.
“And I’ve cut all contact with Ruby. I just use her as an informant and sometimes she gives me cases.”
“But now they want to kill you?” Sam questioned with furrowed brows, looking back at his brother in question, hoping Dean could provide some answers on why his boyfriend wanted to kill Anna.
Soft footsteps padded on the floorboards above them, causing Castiel to look up. They were soft, barely audible. A hunter and soldier’s footsteps. But Castiel could still pick them out easily, having spent most of his existence as a soldier himself.
Dean huffed a breath of disbelief. “Yeah, I hear she does that a lot.” He muttered, thinking of how Ruby supposedly had saved Sam.
Uriel turned to look at the blue-eyed angel with exasperation. “Castiel! I will not let these peop-” He complained, but Castiel silenced him by holding up a hand.
Dean stopped in his tracks as he remembered his old friend. “Ariel…” He whispered. Ariel was an angel, one of his best friends, and a excellent warrior. And she was married to his and Castiel’s friend Balthazar. Or she was before Dean fell. “Is she still-” Dean started, but was interrupted by Castiel.
WHY IS THIS EPISODE SO LONG?!?! THREE CHAPTERS! I WANT THIS TO BE OVER! AND ALL THE CUTSCENES! WHY?!?!?!?!?
Dean smiled and clapped Sam on the shoulder before looking back to Castiel. The angel looked between them with an emotionless face before he sighed heavily. “It’s a stupid plan. With too many risks. But I’ll accept it. I’ll inform the others.”
Dean looked at his fiancé and was shocked when the angel looked worn out, stretched thin. “What’s wrong?” He asked, immediately worried.
Anna’s eyes lost their focus as she focused on the angel communication in her head. “It’s quiet.” She answered as her eyes came back to reality. “Dead silence.”
Niki, Paul, Freddie, Stan, Alan, Kim and Marilyn had all been friends of Dean when he was in Heaven, in one way or another. And Dean, who was an introvert and very shy and antisocial before he fell, he had a hard time getting friends. So the few that he had, like Tessa, Samandriel, Ariel and Balthazar, and, of course, Castiel, he held close. So the loss of 7 friends had been pretty hard on him.
“Because it comes from Heaven, that makes it just.” Uriel replied, voice growing more annoyed for each minute.
“For what?” Dean questioned with a huff. “For making assumptions? For lying to me and still drinking demon blood? For telling me that you liked having me be tortured over and over without any pause and you would like me to continue being tortured?” He listed, voice natural with only the barest hint of emotion; hurt and betrayal. “Which one, Sam?”
Dean took the sketchbook from Sam’s hands and flipped through a few pages. “Interesting.” He muttered.
of siblings, I can’t pay attention to them all.” He explained with a raised eyebrow, daring Castiel to disagree.
Next chapter is THE chapter! Sam finds out who Dean really is and the brothers figure out how to proceed. (It will probably be posted soon as I have most of it written already)
Julia sat up straighter in her chair when Anna responded. “Warn who?” She questioned, studying the young woman in the hospital bed.
Castiel smiled, eyes trailing over the human body. “You.” Castiel smirked. Dean turned around when he spoke, eyes fond and loving. “I’m looking at you. Your soul is almost as beautiful as your true form but not quite.” He clarified.
Castiel sat up fully in the bed and looked at Dean with loving eyes. “Shouldn’t you take a shower before you leave? You’re kind of covered in - everything.”
As Sam ripped her clothes off, he couldn't think that Dean would've been a better fit for her than he was. They crawled into the backseat of the car and continued stripping their clothes. Their lips stayed sealed together as the car rocked in time with their movements.
“The Apocalypse? Like in the Bible?” Julia asked with her eyebrows raised high in a mix of question and shock.
FYI, Danielle/Ariel is based of the actress Lesley-Ann Brandt who plays Mazikeen on the Fox/Netflix show Lucifer.
Sam looked down at the floor as he gathered his panic and horror so he could function. “Anna, do you know of any weapons that works on an angel? To kill them?” He asked in a thick voice.
The click of the lights, however, made him open his eyes again. He turned his head to look at the doorway and saw Bobby standing there, frozen, with his hand on the light switch, wide eyes staring at Dean and Castiel who were still standing in the middle of the living room.
Dean looked at the red-haired woman he was sure was his sister. “Are you okay?” He asked her carefully.
Sam threw himself to the floor to protect himself from the glass and items flying in the room, but his cheek was caught by a piece of the mirror flying across the room before he could dive out of the way.
Dean checked the time; 1:22pm. Bobby wouldn't arrive until 8 in the evening, maybe later. Dean couldn't wait that long to see Sam.
“Angel banishing sigils, once activated, feels like you’re caught in a whirlwind while you’re slung away, then you feel like a meteor as you fall back to Earth, miles away from where you once stood. Afterwards, you feel drained, disoriented, fatigued or dizzy.” Ariel explained to the youngest angel in the room.
Missouri remained calm even while the glass rained down on her. “Calm down.” She softly urged the red-head.
Castiel frowned and shook his head. Dean felt like groaning, but controlled himself. “Okay, where is the nearest place to get supplies? Mainly water and food.” Dean asked.
“Uh, the Dominican.” Dean answered. “He said we break anything, we buy it.” He recounted what the gruff hunter had told him over the phone.
So, Feathers & Gunpowder's Season 4 storyline is almost finished and then it's right onto season 5 (Yay!) Season 15 is finished (shooting at least, airing will continue for a while) and I'm honestly nervous.
Castiel nodded and pulled him close to his chest, Dean clutching at his shoulders. With a strong beat of his wings, Castiel took flight and soared up. He swung his blade at every demon that came close while Dean clutched onto Castiel’s chest, silently begging the angel to not drop him.
Dean -- as Heaven’s master of Enochian sigils, spells and artifacts -- opened his mouth to answer, but was cut off by Ariel.
Dean's stomach clenched when he thought about how Sam, having seen his brother be ripped apart in front of him, also had to clean his brother up and dress him in new clothes.
Sam shook his head. “Alright. But be careful. I just got you back, it would be a shame if you died again.” Sam said in a soft voice. With a final glance at his brother, Sam pulled on his jacket and exited the motel room. Sam would never know of the nightmares of Hellfire that plagued his brother while he was gone.
Twenty minutes after Dean revealed angels were real, Sam and Dean still sat on their respective places on the couch and bed. The conversation about angels and the fact that they were real had gone over to talking about a little of everything, mostly about old hunts.
The angel turned it’s human like face to look at Dean, making sure Dean was okay and Dean sucked in a sharp breath. He knew this angel. Intimately.
Dean chuckled and pressed a kiss to Castiel’s lips. “Sorry, little angel.” He murmured against the blue-eyed man’s lips.
Sam understood then; after a long time of nothing but violence, the touch of gentleness can be overwhelming. Sam walked over to Dean and put a hand on his shoulder. Dean forced himself to not flinch at the contact, and instead he smiled gratefully.
Dean brushed past Sam as he exited the bathroom. He shivered at the air coming from outside the balcony, the cold water from the shower and the semi-warm evening air was a weird contrast. Rummaging through his duffle, Dean pulled out a grey henley shirt, dark blue jeans, some socks and his hunting boots, along with a pair of soft boxers.
“Your eyes are dilated as if you’re high, your breath stinks of sulphur and copper, the powers Azazel gave you are back with the improvement of exorcising, and you’re hanging with the manipulative bitch Ruby.” Dean said emotionlessly.
Anna quickly shook her head. “No. No. There are about 600 possible seals, and Lilith only has to break 66 of them, and no one knows which 66 she's gonna break.” She answered.
The demons launched themselves at the angels and they began to fight for the upper hand while Sam ran over to Ruby to help her while Dean and Anna backed away and watched from the sidelines.
Sam frowned after being called out by his brother and lowered his head to look at the floor. “Sorry.” He whispered in response.
Castiel smiled and looked down at the floor. He studied the wooden floorboards as he let his brother’s reassurances wash over him.
Dean’s breathing hitched in fear, coldness seeping into his body as he knew Alastair saw the small amounts of grace. Alastair turned around when he heard footsteps behind him, only to have Sam shove the demon knife into his shoulder. But, again, nothing happened. Alastair didn't die.
Castiel chuckled lightly. “Well, for starters, you’re complaining about our brothers non-stop, as well as our father. And you’ve expressed several times that you want to kill them. Along with the fact that you never pay them any attention.” Castiel pointed out.
A charming, boyish smile spread across Dean's face as he looked at the long-haired hunter. “Heya, Sammy.” Dean greeted.
Sam's breath stuttered at the sight; was it all a dream? Was Dean still dead? The thought that it was all a dream made Sam start crying silently. He had been filled with so much hope and joy, but with a click, the hope and joy disappeared.
Uriel took a step forward. “This isn’t the first time I’ve…” Uriel paused to find an appropriate wording. “… Purified a city.” He settled on.
"Of course it has something to do with the seals." Dean replied before moving out of the angel's embrace. "I gotta warn Sam. Without Anna's grace, Ruby was his best protection... and I'm guessing you have orders to attack?"
By the look in Castiel’s eyes, he remembered the argument as well. Castiel let out a soft sigh as he shook his head lightly. “Look, even if you can’t understand it, have faith. The plan is just.” He insisted, sending an apologetic look Dean’s way, letting Dean know that he didn’t chose to say any of it.
“Look, I disobeyed… which for us is the worst thing you can do.” Anna spoke and paused before adding, “I fell.”
Dean smiled weakly and stroked the dark hair, as Samandriel asked, “I’ve never had an angel banishing sigil used on me. What does it feel like?”
Dean shook his head and the drive continued in silence. And while Dean would like to say that he didn’t think of anything as he hummed along to the music, his brain going haywire as it mixed his memories of Hell and Lucifer into one terrifying mess.
Sam sat down in the booth closest to the entrance/exit, and looked through the menu. He sat there for a minute before becoming aware of presence behind him.
“A rum and coke, please.” Dean requested with a smile. The young man quickly threw together the cola, rum and ice with a lime and handed the drink to Dean.
Dean shook his head. “I know enough.” For a second Dean contemplated if he should tell them or not, but decided in the end that it was best if he did. He had been honest this far, why not continue. “Lucifer is going to rise from Hell, from the cage he’s trapped in. There are thousands of seals which works like locks, but only 66 has to be broken. It doesn’t matter which are broken, nor in which order.” Dean paused for a second.
Alastair stopped moving and stood in front of her with his hands in his jeans pockets. He smirked and tilted his head to the side as he studied her tense form. "I have to say I'm surprised to find you out in the open like this, Especially considering the orders you've been given." He spoke in a dark voice, glaring at her.
Sam's brows furrowed together in question at Dean's answer. “You know, ever since you got back from Hell, you've seemed… smarter. I mean, you know hell of a lot more about angels than what I do.” Sam commented.
Julia swallowed thickly and made a note on Anna’s clipboard. “So, you were saying that there are, uh, 66 of these seals in the world?” She questioned.
But the maid entered the room anyways, pushing Dean out if her way as she did. She looked around the wrecked room with wide eyes before looking at the brothers.
Dean shook his head and took another step towards the angels. “No, but if you’re gonna smite this whole town, then you’re gonna have to smite us with it, because we’re not leaving. See, you went to the trouble of busting me out of Hell. I figure I’m worth something to the man upstairs. So you wanna waste me, go ahead, see how he digs that.”
For a couple of seconds, the hunter and the ex-angel sat in silence and enjoyed the quiet the night offered.
The brothers entered the living room and saw Mr. and Mrs. Milton on the floor, both with their throats slit. Sam rushed over and kneeled down next to the bodies and ran his fingers through some powder next to their bodies. “Sulfur. The demons beat us here. Whatever the deal is with this Anna girl-”
But before he could, he watched Sam use his psychic powers to exorcise a demon, having been lead to the warehouse by Castiel who had been keeping an eye on where Sam goes everytime he leaves. Dean’s blood had frozen and his breath had gotten stuck in his throat.
The angel smiled. “I gave you a piece of my grace so you can heal yourself if you get injured.” Castiel frowned. “Please, try and not get yourself killed.”
The room was modern, lots of glass and sharp edges, black and white and grey and silver colors. It was comfortable, and the sheets of the bed were soft and Castiel groaned as he was lowered onto the mattress.
A bright light came out of Anna's body and Alastair disappeared with it -- making Dean fall to the floor as Alastair's grip disappeared -- leaving behind Ruby's knife which had been clutched in his hand. Anna disappeared as well, pulled away by her re-made wings.
Dean sighed heavily. “God, I hope so. Otherwise he’s at Hedonism in a banana hammock and a trucker cap.” He commented with a face of slight disgust.
Dean shook his head, despite knowing about the orders of angels. “Of course you have a choice. I mean, come on, what? You never questioned a crap order, huh? What are you both, just a couple of hammers?” Dean asked, echoing an argument, the first and only, between Dean and Castiel from several years ago, in the 1660s.
Castiel looked back up at him and put a hand on his shoulder. “It’s not your fault. We aren’t blaming you. Besides, we never gave up hope nor did we stop searching. Me, Balthazar and Ariel never gave up on you, we always kept the hope that we would’ve found you.” He admitted, his eyes shining with happiness. “And I did. I found you.”
Dean smiled sadly. “Yeah.” Dean huffed. “Sam Winchester, the boy with the demon blood. Azazel’s favorite child and destined boy king of Hell. Heaven has many reasons to be against him.”
Danielle, the waitress, smiled and wrote down his order in her notepad. “How would you like your coffee?” She asked, pink lips curled in a smile.
Castiel shook his head. “It’s too dangerous. You said it yourself, the highest ranking demons know what the seal is. That means they can break it the moment the rest are broken.”
Sam bolted upright in the bed, his eyes falling on the couch in the darkness as his hand blindly searched for the light switch on the bedside lamp. With a click, the room was flooded with warm yellow light and Sam saw the couch was empty and had probably been for several hours.
Sam avoided looking into Dean’s eyes as he put the flask away again. The demon entered the attic and Sam immediately put his arm up and tried to exorcise him, but it didn’t work, the demon didn't even move.
Ruby sat silently behind Sam as he read through the magazines, waiting for him to find some valuable and useful information.
“Sam, I’ve been to Hell. What do you want me to say?”Dean asked, softly stopping Sam from saying anything else.
Castiel rubbed his eyes as he answered, “Angel banishing sigils are not fun.” He explained and dropped his hand to lay his arm around Dean’s shoulders.
Dean clenched his jaw, refusing to let anyone else on Earth to be tortured like he had been. He swallowed past the lump and his throat and straightened his back. “But it’s only one seal, there’s still a lot more out there to break.” He spoke, trying to stop himself from growling.
Sam froze immediately when the door opened. His dead brother stood there, not a single sign of the Hellhounds’ mouling, not a sign of his scars from former injuries either.
Also, I'm in a bad case of depression right now, so updates might be slow. Just giving you a heads-up.
Castiel flinched slightly, reminded that he had found his free will and could feel all the emotions humans could feel -- but more muted than humans' emotions. "Still, we have history. It's just--" He tried to speak, but Anna cut him off.
The demon rolled her eyes at Dean’s comment and held out her hand in offering. “Here.” She said and offered the green-eyed man the objects in her hand.
Dean and Castiel smiled at each other, looking into each other's eyes. Unfortunately, their moment of being engaged -- again -- was interrupted when Danielle came back over.
“Anna, um… your parents…” Sam started but broke off. He always found it hard to tell people their loved ones were dead.
The hunter chuckled as his mind flashed to Dean before shaking off the thought and focused on the red-head in front of him.
Anna didn’t know how to reply; the fact that the youngest archangel not only knew she was free from Heaven’s jail, but also knew what she looked like. “Dean was smart to leave. I don’t blame him. In fact, you should do the same thing.” She said in a shocked voice.
With his plate empty and his cup half full, Dean sat back and looked out of the window. It wasn't much to look at, just the diner’s parking lot and the small road beyond it.
“Don't mean the case is real.” Dean muttered, but Sam still heard him. “And this hospital's a three-day drive.” Dean complained.
Castiel straightened and turned to look at Dean. He stretched out his hand to Dean, wordlessly telling him to come over. Dean took his hand, feeling a shock of electricity shoot out from Castiel’s true form and buzz into Dean’s arm, causing the sense of pins and needles across his arm and chest.
Dean raised his head and glared at the blue-eyed man. “Who are you and what have you done to my sweet, innocent Castiel?” He jokingly questioned.
“And it was in that moment I realized I wanted to be by your side forever, either as a friend or as a lover, it didn’t matter as long as I was with you.” Castiel finished by pressing his lips to Dean’s temple.
The moment Dean returned to consciousness, he knew he had used up all the grace Castiel had given him when his body felt weak and aching. “Fuck.” Dean cursed before he broke out into a harsher cough. When Dean lowered his arm as the coughing ended, specks of blood colored his lips. He brushed his fingers over his lips, pulling them back to look at the blood, rubbing it over his fingers as if he was examining it. “Crap.” Dean cursed again, this time more like a whimper.
Dean nodded solemnly. “It also means I will lose everyone I’ve ever loved and cared about if the Apocalypse happens. It’s the curse of the Winchesters.” Dean added, knowing full well about the painful prophecy ahead.
The blue-eyed angel chuckled and rubbed his hand down Dean’s back in an apology and grinned at his friends.
“Oh, Baby. Sammy hasn't treated you alright at all, has he?” Dean murmured to the car. Then, he noticed the car wasn't polished at all, it was dirty, as if Sam hadn't washed the car since Dean died. Oh, Sam had Hell to pay for mistreating Dean's Baby.
As Ruby moved to stand in front of Dean, powers pressing him into the wall hard enough for the wall to groan at the weight, Dean grinned at Ruby. “Come on, do it.” Dean taunted as Ruby took her place in front of him. “Do it, kill me. Send me back downstairs and let Alastair finish what he started.” Ruby pressed him harder against the wall, but Dean laughed instead of screaming. “
But the psychiatrist wasn’t letting it go. “What were you trying to warn them about?” Julia asked softly, urging Anna to answer.
Dean sat curled up in the shower, water still pouring down his body as he stared blankly at the tiled wall. Sam rushed over and shut off the freezing water.
“Everything.” She responded with a tiny smile. “You guys… you didn’t have to help me-” She said, but Sam cut her off.
Bobby didn’t seem to accept that as an answer and was about to ask again -- full sentence this time -- but Sam cut him off with an answer. “Dean was saved by an angel.”
Also, I'm planning a spin-off of this, but with Dean's life as Jensen, like pre-series, about his life with the other archangels, Amara and Chuck, Castiel, Balthazar and Ariel. I have
“Told ya on the the phone it was me.” Dean mumbled and sat up in the bed. He sleepily rubbed his eyes and hunched his back as he looked up at Sam and Bobby. “Hey, Bobby.” Dean greeted with a small smile and stood. He slowly went over to his surrogate father -- the only father he’s ever had who’s acted like a father -- and stood in front of him, unsure if he should hug him or not.
Uriel's gaze on Dean sharpened before he looked at his superior. "Why are you here?" He harshly asked the blue-eyed angel.
Dean quickly realized that Samandriel mistook his shock as threatening and smiled at the young angel. “It’s fine. Sam, I understand what you meant, you just caught me off guard.” The ex-archangel swung his legs onto the floor and sat properly on the couch. “I... don’t know what to do with my grace. It’d give an advantage in the fight, but it’d be a disadvantage as the Host
“Are you okay with that? With… me and Cas?” Dean asked tentatively, unsure if Sam had the same opinion on same-sex relationships and LGBTQ+ in general as John had. Dean could still remember the horrible words John had used to describe every same-sex relationship they saw.
When Sam was about to open the door to the warehouse with the formerly possessed man leaning against him, when Dean yanked it open. He glared at Sam, a furious glimt in his eyes. “Anything you wanna tell me, Sam?” Dean asked in a growling voice.
“Why not?” Dean responded emotionlessly. “I’ve wanted to die for a long time. On and off for years, decades. But I always stayed because there was always something keeping me here.”
Dean smiled almost sadly. "I doubt it." He spoke, thinking of how much he didn't want to be an angel himself.
Castiel exited the house and fluttering wings could be heard seconds later from the dark street outside.
"That would be a neat trick." Uriel replied, before he pulled out the chain around his neck, showing off a vial of blue, glowing grace. "But I know you're lying. I've had this for years and Anna is yet to reclaim it. But I'm gonna keep it until you give her to us. Can't let Hell get their hooks into her."
Woohoo! Another chapter while sleep deprived! Sorry if nothing makes sense, when I'm tired my writing tends to get sloppy and weird.
Anna opened her mouth to agree, but was cut off by Dean’s angry voice. “It’s not gonna be the four of us against them. No, we leave Anna to the angels.” Dean spoke in a cold voice.
When Dean moved to pull away, Castiel chased after him and put their lips back together. “Please stay. It’s been so long, please just… stay with me.” Castiel begged.
“Ariel.” Dean smiled and looked her up and down. She dressed simply, in a grey long-sleeved shirt and a pair of tight black jeans, and her shoulder brown hair laid wavy and touched just her shoulders with the tips of it. Her golden brown skin seemed to glow in the tavern’s weak lightning.
Ruby nodded with a over-dramatic shrug. “Alright. That just narrows it down to the entire state.” She sarcastically remarked.
Castiel smiled weakly at the ex-archangel’s reply. “Thought I’d scare you off.” He lightly joked and looked over to Balthazar who nodded at him encouragingly.
. Dean looked between Alastair and the angel. He wasn’t sure if he wanted to stay down in Hell with Alastair or leave Hell to get back to Earth and be the Righteous Man. It sounded like a lot of work, but also like a huge honor.
Halfway through Castiel’s retelling, Dean’s panic had started to calm and when the soldier had finished, he was entirely calm. “You never told me that.” Dean sniffled, thinking of the last part of the retelling.
After just over a minute, everything stopped and silence spread in the aftermath of the attack. Sam looked up at his brother with fear in his eyes and saw Dean standing camly, unscathed -- except for the blood seeping from his nose -- with his hands clenched at his sides. When Dean opened his eyes, Sam gasped; the normal green eyes were glowing in a soft blue light, something unnatural about them. The light faded like dust flying away in the wind and, like a puppet with its strings cut, Dean collapsed onto the floor.
Ever since Sam found out the Apocalypse was on the line, he had laid all his time into trying to find the seals. Dean and Bobby had to force him to take short breaks to use the bathroom, nap, eat and drink.
“Gonna get Anna to Bobby's and get her safe in the panic room.” Dean said and whirled around to glare at his brother. “I trust you to get Baby there
With a sigh, Ruby said, “You should pull him and out and throw him back in the pit… if you weren’t so out of shape.”
“It means she's worse than this abomination you've been screwing.” Uriel hissed and gestured to Ruby, who glared at him in response. “Now give us the girl.” He growled.
Anna quickly nodded, Dean having found the perfect word to describe what she was experiencing. “Yes. Thank you.”
She carefully put the plate and mug down in front of him, and Dean smiled gratefully at her. She dug out her phone from her pocket and handed it to him. “I hope it's okay. The food, I mean, but I guess the phone applies too.” Danielle blushed. “I'll be back later for the phone.”
41 years had passed since Dean first went to Hell. 12 had passed since Dean got off the rack and started torturing himself. In the beginning, Dean had felt guilty, but after all that time, he didn't feel anything.
Castiel glared at him before looked to the two hunters. “Look, we have our orders-” Castiel started, but Sam cut him off.
All the angels, the reaper and Dean were spread out in the living room on various pieces of furniture; Samandriel was in a bean bag, Ariel was sitting on the armrest of the armchair Balthazar was in, Tessa in another armchair and Dean was alone on the couch, curled up with his legs tucked underneath him.
Dean looked back to the door and tried the handle. The door opened and the two Winchesters quietly stepped inside. “Mr. and Mrs. Milton?” Dean called out in question as he and Sam made their way through the house.
Dean chuckled lightly as he put the phone between his shoulder and chin to tie his shoelaces. "I've never liked Uriel either." He agreed.
The drop of the mood in the room was nearly visible as it went from light-hearted to nervous and strained.
The dark haired angel paused and seemed to realise how quickly his sentences followed each other and quietly apologized.
“Did you find something?” Anna asked, steering the conversation away from her past to instead focus on her future, on what came next.
“Well, yeah.” Anna responded. “But it kind of hurts. Try cutting your kidney out with a butter knife.” She added with a grim face. “That hurts. I ripped out my grace with my bare hands.”
Dean nodded, silently saying he understood. He gave Sam a small smile before he turned around and went into the bathroom.
Bobby then glared at Castiel and stabbed a finger towards the angel. “And you,” Bobby growled quietly. “If you ever hurt him, if you so much as touch the wrong hair on his head, I’m coming for ya. And I’ll do anything in my power to rip you apart.” He threatened.
Castiel watched him from the doorway as Dean walked around, taking some candy bars and beef jerky, which he ate quickly, as he went behind the cash register. Pushing a few buttons, it opened and Dean pocketed the cash he took.
“I think Anna's getting more interesting by the second.” Dean commented and hissed when Sam palpitated his bruised cheekbone to check for any breaks.
Castiel nervously looked between them, eyebrows furrowed. “The effects demon blood can have on a person will alter every part of their being. The body, soul,
He turned around, a protein bar in his mouth, and saw Castiel looking at him disapprovingly. “What?” Dean asked around the bar in his mouth.
“Yeah, well, it sure ain't goose-chasing after some chick who, for all we know, doesn't even exist, just because you say she's important.” Dean responded, feeling something aking smugness at the angry frown on the demon’s face.
What was worse than the fact he was destroying his soul with the demon blood, was the fact that he was lying to Dean. Dean, selfless, kind and brave Dean, who had just gone through 40 years of Hell. Lying and hiding from Dean was almost as bad as finding out he had demon blood coursing through his veins. But he tried not to think about it, and instead focused on hunts, on saving as many people as he could.
"No!" Uriel yelled as Anna threw the necklace to the floor, releasing her grace. The soft blue light flowed from the vial and into her mouth.
Castiel sighed and glared at the other angel. "You know he can't. The Righteous Man starts AND ends the Apocalypse. If Dean becomes unavailable, we will surely lose."
The blue-eyed angel's face was pinched with worry, which quickly smoothed over into relief when his eyes landed on Dean. Dean guessed it was because of the loss of the borrowed grace, causing their bond to be destroyed thus making Castiel unable to know if Dean was alright or not.
Cold claws of horror and fear clutched Dean's flesh in a tight grip as he heard the nonchalant tone in Sam's voice and the suggestion. All he could do was nod, agreeing on using Ruby until she became rotten.
“No idea.” Ruby answered. “But I'm thinking that she's important, 'cause the order is to capture her alive. I just figured that whatever the deal is, you might want to find this girl before the demons do.” She added with a shrug.
Balthazar walked over to the living room table and poured the whiskey into the glasses, holding out one of them for Castiel to take.
“Oh really?” Balthazar questioned, well aware of the archangel’s former plans that quickly got screwed up. His idiotic strategies is why he didn’t become a soldier and instead became Heaven’s master of Enochian spells, sigils and artifacts.
“Cas!” Dean laughed and tried to push away from the angel. “Stop it! I need to get back to Bobby’s house!”
Sam, however, quickly threw his arm out and caught her upper arm in his grip. “Wait, wait, wait. This hospital Anna escaped from -- it got a name?” He asked.
I'm sorry for the horrible sex scene but I'm not entirely comfortable writing those kind of scenes. My sister, however, might want to help me (though I doubt it).
“Uh, not much.” Sam answered and sat on the couch with Anna’s report in his hands. “Her parents were, uh, Rich and Amy Milton -- a church deacon and a housewife.”
The demon stepped in front of Dean, using his body to block the angel’s way to Dean. “Get the Hell out of Hell! Dean is not yours to take!” Alastair roared, the sound reverberating around in Hell.
Dean and Sam were in a bar, hustling some pool. Sam appeared to be drunk, tricking their opponent to place more money in the game.
Dean gave the man a half smile, as he looked the man up and down. “I’m sorry, but do I know you?” He asked tentatively.
Anna placed her hand on the tree's trunk and a gasp of relief and horror passed from her lips. “It doesn’t matter.” She spoke and looked back at the demon and hunter. “It’s not here. Not anymore.” Her eyes held fear as she looked at the two who were determined to help her. “Someone took it.”
“So what?” Dean responded. “She forgot to mention a few things, and twisted the truth.” He said and looked at Anna who looked shocked and hurt, and was avoiding Dean’s eyes. “Castiel told me he had a suspicion of who you were and asked me to keep an eye on you. Told me a few things that make you seem far from innocent.” Dean explained to the red-head.
Silence spread in the motel room, Dean waiting for Sam’s reaction and Sam having been stopped short by Dean’s outrage.
Ruby hesitated before she replied, "I have the angel. You take her and leave Sam and Dean alone. Use her to kill Lilith and... I can stop lying to Sam."
The demon snorted humorlessly. “Oh, you call that thinking?” Sam looked at her with shocked eyes; he didn’t know what he had done to make the demon angry at him, but he guessed he had done something for Ruby to act like she was.
They reached the surface and burst up through the crack in the ground created by the angels so that Dean’s soul could come out. The angels could come out by themselves with their teleporting.
Dean chuckled at the answer. “Oh, it must be nice, to be so sure of yourselves.” He smirked. Soldier angels; not a single ounce of free will in them. Or Castiel had some free will, but still not as much as humans.
Dean and Castiel stayed at the hotel room the entire night and Dean got his first night of sleep without any nightmares since before he got out of Hell. The entire night, Dean laid in the angel’s arms and used his chest as a pillow, while Castiel slept for the third time in his existence.
As Dean hummed the last verse, both he and Castiel stopped moving in favor of just standing with their arms around each other. The angel turned his head up so that he could kiss the hunter, bringing his hand up to cradle Dean’s cheek. The hunter kissed back fiercely, wordlessly showing the angel how much he loved him. Soon, it became a battle of tongues as neither Dean or Castiel could let go of each other.
At the sound of the panic, Dean stopped and turned around to face her. He took Anna’s hand into his and examined the deep gash in her hand that hadn't stopped bleeding, before grabbing a piece of cloth he had in his back pocket -- in case a bandage was needed and there was no first aid kit around -- and pressed it into Anna's palm, making the young woman hiss at the sting it caused. He took hold of her other hand and pressed it down on the cloth, adding pressure. “Keep your hand there and keep applying pressure on the cut.” He ordered.
My mom died about a month ago and yesterday would have been her 54th birthday. Due to her death being very sudden, I never had a chance to say goodbye (not a real one anyways) and I can't let that go.
“Of course.” Ariel said in a soft tone, taming his hair in a way Zachariah would approve of and watched as the young angel flew off.
Alastair leaned forward to kiss him, but never had the chance when one of the angels descended and landed just a few feet away from the demon and his student. The angel was a huge ball of light, but shrunk down to Alastair and Dean’s height to accommodate the demon and it’s apprentice. Alastair growled at the angel, forcefully taking the knife Dean still held in his hand.
Ruby took a deep breath before she continued, ignoring Dean. “Girl named Anna Milton escaped from a locked ward yesterday. The demons seem pretty keen on finding her. Apparently, some real heavy hitters turned out for the Easter-egg hunt.” She spoke.
When Sam parked outside the diner, he sat in the car for a few seconds as he watched the september sun dip closer and closer to the horizon. With a sigh, Sam got out of the Impala and got inside the diner.
Sam stood and looked through the photos on display and picked one up. “Do you still have the sketches from Anna’s notebook?” He asked.
“Okay.” Anna whispered and looked up at Dean with wide eyes at their closeness and took a deep breath of Dean's gunpowder and cherry smell. “What about you?” She asked, looking at his split lip and bruised and bloodied cheekbone.
When Dean saw Anna getting her grace back from where he was still pressed to the wall, he screamed to Sam and Ruby, "Shut your eyes! Shut your eyes!"
Sam cut her off. “Yes. I know. He broke in Hell and picked the knife up himself. Anything to make the pain stop.” Something in Sam’s eyes -- a light perhaps? -- changed and his eyes looked heartbroken as he thought of the night-terrors Dean had almost every night.
Instead of Anna answering, Missouri did, reading off of both Anna and Dean’s experiences. “She fell from Heaven, to Earth. Became human.”
The psychiatrist sighed sadly. “Well, that's the tragedy of schizophrenia. Within weeks, Anna was overtaken by delusions.”
Dean smiled sadly. “Sorry. I just needed to get some air.” Dean apologized. He understood Sam; he had been jumpy as well after he sold his soul for Sam, always afraid it was a dream and Sam was still dead.
"I know." Dean replied, shocking the angel. "She's responsible for the death of many human lives, as well as a handful of angels. I know she ripped out her own grace to escape prison."
“You know, you’re a shitty angel of family.” Castiel’s voice sounded from the doorway, making Dean jump in surprise, causing Dean to spill his drink. The angel chuckled at the reaction. “And one would think you’d notice I was here. After all, we have a ‘connection’.” He teased, doing exaggerated air quotes.
Sam carefully sat down on the bed next to Dean’s, leaning forward to touch Dean’s arm in an attempt to comfort him, but Dean flinched away from his touch. Sam recoiled and instead adapted a soft voice. “What made you stay before?”
Uriel stepped forward angrily and Dean took a step backwards in response as the angel got too close for his comfort. “It’s the worst plan I’ve ever heard. If you’re plan fails and the last seal breaks before we can stop it, then Lucifer will rise and Hell along with him. Do you really want Hell to be unleashed?” Uriel angrily questioned.
Dean glared at the closed door before his eyes widened as he remembered the state of the room. “Not now!” He called back, trying to keep the panic out of his voice.
Dean thought. He hummed in understanding and rubbed his chin as he replied. “Kind of heavy for a 2 year old.”
By the way, I get all of the transcripts for dialouge from the site supernaturalwiki.com. The page has transcripts for
Castiel nodded and smiled brightly. “Yeah. Jay had to eat something before he passed out.” Castiel paused for a second before continuing. “But Jay’s human now. Michael cut out his grace, he fell and was reborn as human.”
The torturer smirked as he traced Dean’s plump lips with the tips of his finger. “They’re very real. A real pain in the ass. And they want to take you away because they think you can save them, that you’re the special.” Alastair paused, thinking of Dean’s need of praise and his low self-esteem. “And you are special,” He continued, “Just not in the way those feathers believe.”
Balthazar pulled Castiel back and held him at arm's length. “Cas, things are obviously going to be different, but if you try hard enough and spend enough time on it, you will grow back together. You still love him, dontcha?” With Castiel’s small but firm nod, he continued. “And Jay is obviously going to be different. He’s spent 30 years as a human, as Dean Winchester. And Dean Winchester is very different from the Jensen we both know and love. But with his memories back, maybe he will become more like Jensen again. A mix of the Righteous Man and the angel of family.”
As Dean moved to stand, he was pulled down onto the bed with a yelp as Castiel dragged him down. The angel wrapped his arms around him and pressed kisses into his neck.
Dean smiled gratefully before addressing Sam. "Send the address and I'll be there as soon as I can." He said before hanging up. 30 seconds later, Sam sent the address and Dean said his goodbyes to the two married angels. "Bye. I'll see you soon. Hopefully." He spoke.
Sam turned his head away and gripped the steering wheel and continued the journey towards the Connor Beverly Behavioral Medicine Center in a tense silence, during which Sam thought about how many deals he had tried to made with demons, trying to sell his soul and make Dean come back.
“What happened to staying away from Ruby, huh? I thought you promised me you weren’t going to drink demon blood anymore.” Dean hissed out, letting his younger brother know just how unhappy he was with the case, but the underlying feeling of worry for Sam was what bubbled up the most.
Uriel quickly flicked his hand to the side, making Ruby crash into the wall. Dean charged at the dark-skinned angel. But without the advantage of angel strength, Uriel had the upper hand and grabbed Dean's shirt in his grip. Hr raised his fist and placed a hit to Dean's cheek, splitting the skin.
Dean had expected Sam to ask a billion questions about how Dean knew about that, but was surprised when Sam didn’t. He looked up at Sam in a questioning manner, and saw Sam staring behind him with mouth open in shock and eyes wide.
With a thick swallow, Sam asked, “Yeah, how do I tore up?” He knew the answer, but was buying himself time to come up with an excuse to refuse.
“Extra crunchy.” Ruby responded. “They’ll hide us from angels, demons. All comers.” She continued in a slightly proud voice.
’. Dean followed Sam as the two made their ways out of the hospital and to the Impala where they set course towards the Milton residence.
Dean thanked her for the meal as well as the phone which he handed it back to her. He paid the bill with the money from the gas station and didn't bother to hide his smile when he saw that he wasn't charged for the coffee. Dean stood up and encouraged Castiel to do so as well. “Thanks you for the food and everything, but if you excuse us, my fiancé and I have to go see my uncle.”
Dean offered his fiancé a reassuring smile before he went back into 'Dean Winchester’ mode. “Please tell me you're here to help. We've been having demon issues all day.” Dean said with a hint of sarcasm. He knew very well why they were there.
Dean quickly nodded, in slight shock from the memories still assaulting his senses. “Yeah, it’s me.”
Anna gave the brother a small nod in response. “Yeah, they talk, and sometimes I just... hear them in my head.”
As Sam stood bent over the trunk, he heard a familiar clicking of heels behind him. “Hello, Sammy.” The female voice greeted.
“I don’t?” Sam replied, raising his eyebrow slightly. “Us humans, we’re a bunch of… miserable bastards… Eating, crapping, confused, afraid.”
Bobby’s eyebrows shot up at the confession. “So the two of you are… together? A couple? Boyfriends?” He asked, unsure of what the two labeled themselves as.
Dean firmly shook his head. “She’s been corrupting you. That’s what demon blood does to you. It will change everything about you. You will go from Sam Winchester, the hunter, to… Sam Winchester, the damaged. The monster. The boy king of Hell.” Dean choked out.
“I find that very reassuring.” Dean sarcastically commented in a gruff voice, crossing his arms over his chest.
Bobby’s eyes snapped to Castiel, who was watching Dean with fascinated eyes. “And you,” He questioned, causing Castiel to look at him. “You’re okay with Dean being male? Even though you’re an angel?”
Anna, staring at her older brother, noticed Dean seemed pale and shaky and carefully asked, "You okay?"
“We're from the sheriff's department. We just wanted to ask you a couple of questions.” Sam easily picked up where the older Winchester left off.
Outside, Dean pulled on his jacket and started walking towards the city part of Sioux Falls, running his fingers over the Impala’s hood as he passed her. He set his course towards one of the bars in town, Queen’s Tavern, and smiled at the people he passed. Some of the older men and women knew him from the times he stayed in Sioux Falls as a child and he used to run around, eager to please.
Dean frowned as he looked at the door, the honeymoon suite. 207 stood inside a red heart. Pulling himself together, he firmly knocked on the door. He heard Sam moving around inside as Dean waited, looking around the decorated hallway.
The ex-archangel sniffled and looked back to his friends and family. “Sorry about the breakdown. It just… became too much.” Dean apologized with a small smile.
By ‘informing the others’, Castiel had meant informing Balthazar, Ariel, Tessa and Samandriel. Castiel didn’t fully trust his garrison, especially after Hell. It was supposed to be a surprise attack, but someone must have told the demons they were coming.
Making up his mind, Dean ate his burger slowly, enjoying the feeling of his stomach being filled. He slowly sipped his coffee and picked at the skin around his left ring finger, trying to twirl the ring that was no longer there. His engagement ring. A band of white gold, covered in sigils to shrink or grow to the perfect size to fit his vessels or his true form. Castiel had proposed to him in 1887, on a warm summer afternoon in London.
With a heavy sigh, Dean rested his head on Castiel’s chest and closed his eyes. “Night, Cas.” Dean whispered but received no response. Opening his eyes, Dean saw that Castiel was already asleep. With a quiet chuckle, Dean closed his eyes again and felt himself slip into the heavenly cloud of sleep.
“But... wouldn’t you want your grace back?” Balthazar asked with a devastated look on his face. He wanted his big brother back, grace, wings and all powers, the whole package.
“My grace.” Anna replied. “It’s… energy. Ripped it out and fell. My mother, Amy, couldn’t get pregnant. Always called me her little miracle. She had no idea how right she was.” She sadly responded.
Dean startled at the touch and came back to reality. He blinked up at Sam with dazed green eyes, but they quickly cleared as he looked at his younger brother. “You promised me, Sam.” Dean spoke hoarsely as Sam sat down on the bed in front of Dean. “You promised me you wouldn’t drink her blood. Or any demon blood, really.”
Dean shoved his brother away from him with a grunt before walking on wobbling legs back to the Impala, tossing the keys to Sam over the roof of the car, hitting the younger Winchester in the chest, before getting in the passenger seat.
Dean watched as Castiel leaned down and pressed two fingers against Dean's body’s forehead. The decay process reverted, making it look fresh and alive. The small cuts on his face healed and disappeared, as did the huge claw marks on Dean's chest. Dean knew all internal stuff was healed too, like his alcoholized liver and the remains of his heart attack.
Castiel look at him with understanding eyes, while Uriel glared. “It’s the life of one thousand against the lives of six billion. There’s a bigger picture here.
Then, Dean took a trip to 1973 and after seeing Mary make the deal with Azazel, Dean hadn’t been in the mood for any research on the Apocalypse, even though Castiel had given them Dean’s old Enochian books. Instead, Dean pulled Sam along on hunts.
“Anna.” Dean called, but received no response. “Anna!” He called a little louder and Anna looked up at him, looking a little dazed. But Dean wasn't looking at her, he was looking at the mirror behind her where sigils were painted in hr blood. Angel banishing sigils.
Alastair's face darkened and his eyes flicked to white as he held his arm out and an invisible force wrapped around Ruby's throat. "You're choosing the coward's way out? Too afraid of the fluffy-winged douchebags?" The torturer chuckled. "And to top it off, you actually have feelings for the boy-king. You're a disgrace to the demons."
Sam felt himself paling in realization. “That demon, Alastair, he was your torturer?” Sam asked, though it wasn't really a question.
But of course, before he could answer with some bullshit lie, fluttering wings echoed in the room as Castiel appeared. He must have felt the tension between the two brothers because he paused the second he entered.
"She cares about Sam, but still manipulates him." Dean whispered against Castiel's dress shirt. "What does Hell even want with Anna?"
Hours later, a hospital attendant entered Anna’s room with a bottle of pills in his hands. “Time for your meds, Anna.” He said in greeting. But Anna didn’t seem to hear him. “Anna?” He tried again.
Dean glanced after him. “That was easy.” Dean commented to no one in particular. Looking back to Bobby, he grinned and picked up his jacket from the back of the chair and went over to the front door. “Don’t wait up!” He called over his shoulder as he left.
"Alastair." Ruby replied and watched as the older demon moved around her like a predator looking at its prey.
Sam scoffed disbelievingly. “How’s that possible?” He questioned. “You guys are powerful and perfect. You don’t doubt yourselves or God or anything.”
my relationships are toxic (including the one to my mom). The only relationship I have that isn't toxic (what I can think of) is the one to my dad and to my cat.
Dean whipped his head to look at his brother and the demon next to him. “What?” He growled. “Sam, you promised-”
Sam released the breath he was holding, bringing his hands up to run through his hair. “Why?” Sam whispered as he looked at his older brother with sad eyes.
Ruby smirked in response to Dean's mutter, looking self-satisfied at the half confession of a job well done. Dean couldn't help but roll his eyes in response to Ruby's smirk.
When the message stopped, Castiel gasped as he came back to reality, quickly growing tense under Dean’s body.
Dean snapped out of his anger at Anna’s explanation of removing her grace and looked at her with furrowed eyebrows. It had hurt when Michael cut his grace out, but nothing like what Anna described -- which Dean had experienced while he was in Hell, having his inner organs cut out with a blunt knife. Though ripping one’s own grace out with their bare hands probably would be more painful than a clean cut through the throat.
“I'm fine, thanks.” She sarcastically told the brothers when she noticed Dean helping the younger to his feet while neither of them checked on her.
Dean looked at the angel, at where he believed it’s eyes were. “Take me to Sam.” He pleaded. Demon or not, Dean cared about his younger brother, his family.
Sam sat down on the couch and took a couple of books with him while Bobby opened his book and started reading. Three of the best hunters in the world, stuck reading lore books for hours on end.
“Yes.” He answered and turned to go back to Sam and Ruby. Anna quickly followed closely behind him on quiet feet.
Castiel wrapped his arms around the green-eyed man and rolled them over so Dean was straddling his hips and Castiel was laying back on the mattress with his head cushioned on the fluffy pillows.
with your mind? Or were you planning on keeping me in the dark, going behind my back and replacing me with that black-eyed, hellhound bitch?” Dean asked and gestured to Ruby.
They walked in silence for a minute, before Castiel broke the silence. “Do you know who that lady was?” He asked with a smug glance at Dean.
"Samandriel. A young, and trustful, angel in Cas' garrison." Dean explained as he brushed past the younger hunter. Anna came to the doorway of the barn and stood there as she stared at Dean. Dean looked at Anna with a raised eyebrow, wordlessly calling for a truce.
I got a request to add fanart to the book (Dean's wings, Castiel in Hell, the engagement ring and a couple of more) and I'd be very glad to do add art except I can't do art to save my own life. So for now, there won't be any art
Sam, on the other hand, became more curious. “What kind of specialist? What are you gonna do?” He asked, verging on worried and panicked.
Dean firmly shook his head in response. “Not if I can stop it. And I will gladly give my life if it means the Apocalypse is stopped.” Dean announced, honestly.
Dean silently nodded. “It is.” Dean smiled and chuckled. “But it’s weird. Underneath the contrasting feelings, it constantly feels like pins and needles, like electricity.” At least, it did as a human. As an angel it felt like you were drunk or high on the power of God. Like an acid trip.
The call to Bobby went pretty much like Dean had expected. Dean himself knew he would've reacted the same way if someone he thought was dead had called him. Disbelief and anger, believing it was a cruel prank. Hopefully, Bobby would be happy to see him and not try to send him back downstairs.
“Yes. Hell is where you live through your worst nightmares becoming reality and pain worse than what anyone could imagine, each and every day until you pick up the knife yourself and your time is split between more torture on the rack and torturing souls yourself, putting them through the pain you just experienced yourself.” He spoke in a quiet and dark voice, almost emotionless, before he walked the last bit of the hall that separates him from Sam.
Sam didn’t understand at first before he realized. Dean must have sent a text pretending to be him. Sam cleared his voice with a cough before he answered his surrogate father. “Yeah, it was meant for you. Sorry, I haven’t slept much.” Sam apologized with an easy half lie. He actually hadn’t slept much.
“Ruby came back for me… I guess that's why I trusted her. And the fact that she managed to get through to me, just like to.” Sam explained and offered Dean a tired smile.
Anna smiled weakly at Dean’s joke before she tentatively asked, “Hey, um, do you know- are my parents okay? I-I didn't go home. I was too afraid.” She looked up at them with wide hazel eyes, begging them for any news.
“So, what, were they your bosses or something?” Missouri asked in a hesitant voice, hearing all of Dean’s thoughts and seeing his emotions in his aura. If the archangel -- angel of family himself -- didn’t like Anna, then she must have done something truly terrible.
Before Dean could respond with another remark, Sam cut him off. “Dean.” He spoke and pointed to a statue with blood leaking from it’s eyes.
Anna shook her head, making some of her red hair fall to har face from where she had tucked it behind her ears. “Not right this second, but a lot. And I can't shut them out, there are so many of them.”
“How ironic.” Dean muttered, before closing the book and placing it on the couch cushion next to him. With a heavy sigh, Dean took a drink from his beer and glared at the book. He already had anxiety and panic over the seals and the Apocalypse, so reading about the ‘sword of Michael’ didn’t help at all. “Stupid older brothers, always fighting over something. Hell, I don’t even know why they’re fighting to begin with.” He angrily grumbled.
Dean sighed heavily and sat up. “I know, Sammy. Anger… it makes people say and do things they don't really mean. But you really gotta stop with the demon blood. I don't want to lose you, not again.” Dean said and looked at Sam with eyes that seemed to hold a soul far older than the body. Sam found himself nodding in response to the look. “But, I forgive you and I don't blame ya for what you said.” Dean softly spoke and slapped his hand down on Sam's shoulder.
“I don’t know!” Sam screamed, fear and worry for his brother seizing his heart. “I don’t know, but we gotta think of something!”
The angel just smiled despite the threat. For 525 years he had known Dean, for 522 of those years he’s loved Dean. He couldn’t even imagine a scenario where he’d hurt Dean, nevertheless break the archangel’s heart. “I promise I won’t hurt him. He’s been through too much for me to hurt him.” Castiel said sincerely.
“Castiel?” Dean’s voice was hoarse as he looked at the angel in front of him. Said angel looked at him, frowning at the use of his name; he hadn’t told Dean his name yet. He didn’t have time to react as Dean leant forward and kissed him deeply. The angel quickly pulled away, was about to yell at him. But Dean’s soft Enochian whisper stopped him. “Ol hoath…”
Sam looked up and raised an eyebrow. “For what?” He questioned, confused as to why Anna would thank him when he didn’t find her grace.
Behind Dean, Alastair stood and watched his best apprentice. He was a quick learner, Alastair had only needed to show him once before he could do it himself.
6 hours later, Sam, Dean and Anna arrived in Lawrence, Kansas, without Ruby who had stayed behind to throw the demons off of their trail. Dean smiled at the woman standing on the steps leading to her house as he got out of the Impala.
It had turned out there was two witches, Tracy Davis and Don Harding, but Sam and Dean had failed to stop Samhain from rising, thus breaking the seal. But Sam had stopped the demon from causing more harm. Unfortunately, he had used the powers from the demon blood. Fortunately, however, it was the last powers he got from his latest dose. At least that’s what Sam told him.
Castiel smiled brightly before pulling back from Dean and slipping his normal blank face into place. He nodded towards Bobby, as if to say goodbye and show his respect, before wings fluttered and he disappeared.
I appreciate all the nice reviews I've gotten and don't worry, I will continue writing this book until it's finished.
Julia watched her turn away with a faraway look in her eyes and was immediately concerned. “Anna?” She questioned.
Silence spread across the room after Dean’s confession. Dean opened his eyes to look at the younger of the two. Sam sat frozen, shock covering his face. “Sam?” Dean questioned.
Castiel released him enough so that Dean could pulled back and when he did, Castiel glared at him without any real heat behind it. “Don’t you dare mention your surrogate father while we are in bed together.” Castiel scolded.
Dean chuckled and rolled his eyes. “Yeah, since when do we get coincidences.” He remarked as the Impala arrived outside the Milton residence.
The african american angel raised his eyebrow at Dean’s growl. “You think you can stop us?” He questioned, something aking smugness in his voice.
Uriel glared at him with a dark look. “Tell me something, Dean, when your father gave you an order, did you obey?” Uriel asked, a smile tugging at his lips.
“She was undressing you with her eyes.” Dean whispered against Castiel's lips once they parted so Dean could breathe.
“It’s fine.” Sam quickly answered and sat up straighter in the bed. “It’s nothing we can’t talk about later.”
Little angel comes from an A/B/O fanfic I read where Dean (omega) called Castiel (alpha) little alpha and I thought it was adorable.
“Yeah.” Sam quietly agreed and felt sympathy for his older brother. Dean's boyfriend wouldn't hesitate to hurt him if Heaven told him to do so.
Dean nodded and went up next to his brother who took the sketches from Dean’s offered hand. “Check this out.” Sam said and compared one of the sketches to the photograph. “She was drawing the window of the church.”
Missouri softened her voice as much as he could. “Calm down…” She whispered and glanced at the brothers in case she needed help, to make sure they were prepared to rush over to help.
Meanwhile, Castiel stepped closer to the younger Winchester. He didn't want to hurt his future brother-in-law (kind of), but he knew what Heaven expected of him and knew he had to protect Dean's true identity.
Uriel smiled, something dark and emotionless. “Don't worry. I'll be gentle as I kill her.” He spoke.
Sam, Dean and Bobby had been back from Illinois for 2 days and all they had been doing was reading. With short breaks to the bathroom, to eat and to fill up on coffee and/or booze. Or take a nap. A sweet, relaxing and precious nap.
Later, Anna was in Bobby’s panic room while Dean made sure she would stay down there where she was the safest. “Iron walls drenched in salt. Demons can’t even touch the joint.” He explained to the young woman sitting on the uncomfortable bed, watching him.
Castiel smiled against the older angel’s shoulder. “I am happy. I’m overjoyed. But I’m scared. What if things are different? What if he’s different?” He asked, hoping to being able to confide with his brother with his inner thoughts.
Castiel sighed heavily in anger. "You know who we are and what we will do. I won't say it again. Leave now... or we lay you to waste." He threatened in his best commander voice.
After they got their food, they climbed into their respective cars to get back to the motel, Sam stopped by the small store to pick up some of Dean’s favorite brand of beer before he was back on the road to the motel.
I apologize for the lazy writing, but I just wanted to finish this. I really wanted the scene where Dean talks about Gabriel 'cause he was such a big part about Dean's past and I wanted to introduce the Debriel (?) relationship before the chapter with Changing Channels.
"How'd you find us?" Sam asked. Nobody answered and Sam came to a realization and looked to his brother. "Dean?"
Castiel shook his head. "No. Not yet. But I suspect the orders will be given soon." He spoke and pressed a kiss to Dean's forehead. "Go. Protect Sam." He breathed against Dean's skin.
Dean Winchester.” Castiel sighed heavily. “Apparently, Michael cut out his grace, which caused Jay to fall from Heaven. With no vessel, he was reborn as human. And on the 22nd of May, Dean Winchester was conceived, the same date Jay fell. He had no memories of us, only regained them when I touched his soul in Hell.” Castiel explained.
With the demons occupied and Uriel distracted with killing said demons, Anna rushed over to the dark-skinned angel and yanked the necklace -- which had popped out of his shirt during the fight -- from his neck and ran away from the fight into an unoccupied area of the barn.
Sam took a deep but sharp breath. “So the Apocalypse is going to happen?” He asked, voice shaking slightly.
"Where's Ruby?" Sam quietly questioned, worrying about her. He knew she was in Alastair's possession, but he'd like to know the exact location of where she was.
ours to take, he belongs either on Earth or in Heaven, not in Hell. For he is the righteous man.” The angel said in a strong voice, the ground beneath Alastair and Dean shook with the power of it.
“How do you even know that I’ll become corrupted? Just because Castiel said so, doesn’t mean it’s going to happen!” Sam snapped at his older brother.
I wouldn't be haunted by memories of what happened to me in Hell.” Dean confessed before he paused. “The feeling of an angel’s powers are hard to explain. It's constantly contrasting on itself. Warm yet cold, wet yet dry, benevolent yet evil. Young, but old. Ethereal but also human.”
Dean laid his head back down on Castiel’s chest, feeling the angel resume brushing his fingers though the short light brown strands. “Well, it’s been a long week. Lots of emotions. Lots of action.” Castiel commented as he felt Dean slip closer and closer to the sleep he was fighting. “Go to sleep, my light, I’ll be here when you wake up. I’ll watch over you.” Castiel reassured, smiling when Dean’s eyes finally slipped shut.
The gruff hunter looked over at Dean who was laid back down in the bed with a big yawn and a heavy sigh. “Dean?” Bobby’s gruff voice questioned.
“Here,” Castiel began and reached into his trench coat pocket. He dug around before he took out his hand in a closed fist. Dean held out his hand to accept whatever was in it, but wasn't prepared to see the silvery ring he had just thought of. Dean looked up at the angel, eyes wide with shock.
Sam’s eyes widened and Ruby looked slightly scared. It was almost humorous seeing Sam’s face so shocked, but all Dean could feel was betrayal. “Angel whore…” Ruby said under her breath, but Dean still heard it. He glared at her before looking back to Sam.
Straightening up, Dean felt his senses sharpen. Far sharper than normal, he could feel the wing beats of a bird closeby vibrate through the air. “Woah.” Dean whispered. He turned to look at Castiel with a raised eyebrow.
“Samandriel is just as sweet and adorable as he was before you left.” Balthazar beamed, making Dean smile back.
Faintly, Dean heard Anna scream, but his eyes were focused on Alastair. “Ah, so you do recognize me even with the pediatrician?” Alastair tilted his head and seemed to stare at Dean’s soul. The green-eyed hunter self-consciously tried to shy away, but it was hard to control one’s own soul. “You seem… different from what you looked like in Hell.”
Dean immediately shook his head. “No.” He rushed out. “I’ll tell him when I’m ready.” He continued with a small nod.
There weren’t many people in the diner, at 7 in the evening most people had already eaten. A few people sat spread out in the booths and a few waitresses walked around, some taking plates of food to the customers, some taking the dishes.
“We’ve all done things we got to pay for.” Sam responded with a small sigh, thinking of all the choices he had blown up in his face.
At 11 PM, when Castiel barely could stand straight anymore, Dean decided to get the angel to bed and said goodbye to his two younger siblings.
Dean scoffed and turned his head to stare out of the window. “I already have talked about it, remember? Or have you forgotten the night on the balcony?” Dean responded with a huff.
Sam blinked back from the shock and took a sharp intake of air. “Angels?” He questioned, eyes wide and eyebrows raised in question.
“So you’re gonna smite the whole friggin’ town?” Sam asked once he saw that Dean wasn’t going to answer.
Sam placed Dean onto the bed and stepped back when Dean sank into the mattress. His hands were shaking with fear, but he ignored it and got a towel from the bathroom, purposely not looking at the shards of mirror glass, and used it to wipe the blood from Dean's nose.
Sam frowned and knocked softly on the door. “Dean? Are you okay?” He softly asked. There was no answer on the other side. “Dean?!” Sam asked. No answer.
Sam nodded and took a hold of Anna's arm and rushed her into one of the back rooms. While Sam was gone, Dean reached into the back of his jeans and let his fingers brush over his gun, which would be useless in case of an angel or demon attacking them. The younger Winchester came back a minute later, without Anna, and gave the older a confirming nod that Anna was safe.
Okay, I don't know how clear it comes across, but I'm trying to make Jensen (not Dean) become more nerdy and kind and soft (a little like the real Jensen) but I'm also trying to add Dean to the mix.
I REWROTE THIS F*CKING CHAPTER 5 TIMES, I'M NOT KIDDING. I HATE IT SO MUCH. (Literally wrote a chapter of almost 5,000 words focusing only on 'It's the great pumpkin, Sam Winchester' as I believed that episode to be the one where Dean found out about Sam's powers).
Sam sighed heavily after a beat of silence. "I never liked Uriel." He commented, only just realizing the absence of the demon, but hiding his worry from his brother.
Dean quickly shrugged. “Dunno. Might've to ask Cas if he knows anything.” Dean commented, but mulled it over in his own head. Lilith
Dean turned around to see what had shocked Sam, and saw the blue eyes and black hair of Castiel in Jimmy Novak’s body. He hadn’t even heard the flutter of wings as Castiel arrived.
“Coma girl? Slowly rotting on the floor back at the cabin with Anna, so I've got to hurry back. See you when you get there. Go!” She commanded and watched as Sam and Dean climbed through the bathroom window, just like she told them to. As she left the destroyed room, she couldn't help but smirk. Everything was going according to her plan, Lilith would be dead in no time and Lucifer would rise. She had Sam wrapped around her finger.
But before the angels could move, Alastair appeared with a bleeding Ruby and a handful of other demons. Dean tensed up at the sight of his torturer, fear seizing his body.
Castiel cradled Dean’s cheek and stroked his thumbs over Dean’s freckled cheeks. “You need to stop blaming yourself for everything that isn’t your fault! You didn’t know any of this would happen, you didn’t know you would become Dean Winchester.” The angel ranted fiercely.
“Are you gonna help her?” Sam asked, only to receive another glare from Uriel, but only got soft blue eyes from Castiel, though they were sharp like a soldier's, focused and alert.
At the mention of his destiny as the Boy King, Sam felt shame ignite in his body, ashamed of the demon blood that had been coursing through his veins since he was six months old.
“I don’t want to.” Anna whimpered in fear, brows furrowing and tears leaking out from her closed eyes.
Dean looked at the floor to hide the smile on his face, knowing that the angel would want to know why he was smiling at the simple fact that Castiel liked him.
Felt like I needed to post something shorter after posting 2 longer chapters back-to-back, so here it is!
With an angry and slightly scared expression, she responded, “Well, then you better pray that Anna gets her groove back, or else we’re all dead.”
“Sure Dean. Let’s trade stories. You first. How was Hell? Please don’t spare me the details.” Sam snapped, only realizing his mistake when he saw Dean’s jaw snap shut and the muscles tighten. “I’m sorry.” Sam whispered, knowing of the horrible nightmares Dean had every night.
“It’s not your fault.” A gravelly voice joined in. Dean smiled before he looked up and saw his fiancé standing behind Ariel and Balthazar, his trench coat folded over his arm. “You really need to stop blaming yourself for something that isn’t your fault.”
Dean cleared his throat and looked at his brother, who looked more like the usual Sam that Dean knew and cared for. “Has she called you? Said where she and Anna is?” Dean asked softly.
“This is Uriel, he’s what you might call a… specialist.” Castiel introduced the other angel to Sam and Dean. Or mostly Sam.
Ruby watched them from the window of the barn, jealousy coiled in her stomach. She huffed angrily before she left the barn for the crossroads, using the darkness of the night as her cover.
Back at the motel room, Dean sat on his motel bed while Sam stood in the bathroom and sew up a cut on his arm. Dean blankly stared at the wall, in shock, and was unaware of Sam calling him from the bathroom. “You alright? Got any injuries?” Sam called, but received no response. He poked his head out of the bathroom as he placed the last stitch on his arm and saw his older brother sitting on the edge of the motel bed.
Dean shifted on his feet and crossed his arms over his chest as he glared. “What is it?” Sam quickly asked, trying to move things along as to not let his brother and the demon get into a fight.
“I said no!” Sam growled and stood. He could feel his power spark up briefly with his anger, but it quickly calmed again.
“I’ve had worse.” He responded and turned to get to his brother and Ruby. He had almost forgotten he was injured, so used to worse injuries that a split lip and bruised cheekbone felt like a small bruise.
Anna shrugged and answered, “Lost track of it. I was falling about 10, 000 miles per hour at the time.”
Taking Castiel, drunk as a skunk, to Bobby’s would probably not have been the best thing. There was a chance Castiel would blurt out the fact of their relationship and of Dean’s true biology. And Dean wasn’t ready to tell them about either. Not because he was ashamed of having a male fiancé, but because he would have to tell them he was an angel and not really their family, which would probably hurt them as much as the betrayal would.
Sam sighed when Ruby disappeared and walked over to his brother and swung his arm over Dean's neck. "So, I guess Anna's some big-time angel now, huh? She must be happy... wherever she is." He said, almost dreamily.
“Rich Milton.” Anna answered with the smallest twitch of the muscles in her eyebrows. Missouri immediately knew she was suppressing or avoiding the true answer.
“Pardon me.” Castiel apologized. “Dean prayed to me and I believed my presence was wanted. I didn’t mean to interrupt.”
Dean brushed his fingers over the dark wood of the table and found Sam’s duffel on one of the chairs. “Why are you in the honeymoon suite?” Dean asked softly, ignoring the question Sam had asked.
Castiel smiled. “Of course.” He replied, a promise that warmed Dean’s heart. The two shared a quick kiss before saying goodbye. “See you later, Nerd.” Castiel said, Dean’s old slipping off his tongue like it hadn’t been 30 years since he last called him that.
Bobby hummed in response, his face taking on a calculating look. The old hunter moved to his desk where he opened a drawer and pulled out two glasses and a bottle of whiskey. He poured a generous amount in both glasses, handing one to Dean and drinking the other himself. “Does all angels look like that? Bookish, human… nerdy?” He asked after a minute of silence.
In this chapter, I will start to introduce a new character. Ariel. She's an angel and friend of both Dean and Castiel, as well as the wife of the angel Balthazar. I am well aware of the fact that she's mentioned a lot and I apologize.
Dean only looked away from the window when someone sat down in front of him. It was a man, in his mid thirties, with dark hair and the bluest eyes Dean had ever seen. He had a light scruff and his hair was wild, as if he'd just had some pretty epic sex. Though, dressed in a suit and trench coat, Dean doubted it.
Anna's hands shot to her sides as her eyes grew wide in alarm. “They're coming.” She rushed out in a whisper.
as she pulled back people Sam, Dean and Bobby couldn’t save. Meg Masters, Ronald Reznick, Victor Henriksen, the twin sisters. The guilt of not being able to save them came back, almost worse than before as they were used as pawns in the chess game that was the Apocalypse.
The younger Winchester opened his mouth to reply, but Dean cut him off. “They're dead. Sam and I found their bodies. I'm sorry.” He boldly told the red-head, but still sounded soft and kind.
Alastair sharpened his razor, his favorite weapon. He traced the sharp side with his index finger, pressing down lightly until a bead of blood appeared. "Perfect." He whispered and turned to Ruby. "Now, how about you continue your assignment, keep using your blood on Sam. While Anna can kill Lilith and break the seal, the prophecy is that Lucifer's own vessel gets him out. It's more poetic, right up the Old Man's lane. He always were a tad over-dramatic."
Dean smiled kindly at her, a normal smile as he didn't have the relationship status nor was he in the mood to flirt. “Hi,” He greeted. “I’ll have a bacon cheeseburger and a coffee, please.” Dean requested.
The angel straightened it’s back and turned to look naturally between Sam and Dean. “Well, now that the first seal is broken, demons are rushing to break the rest.” A heavy sigh left him. “9 seals have been broken so far. 57 remains. And it’s impossible to know which of the thousands seals the demons will try to break next.”
Dean sat down on the arm of the couch with a small chuckle, eyeing the towel and wet stain on the cushion, before answering. “No. Cas is in a vessel. Angels have to possess humans so that they can interact with us humans. If a human saw an angel in it’s true form, our eyes would burn out and the true voice of an angel is enough to make you deaf.”
Ruby -- tied to a dentist chair -- stared at the torturer, unable to speak with a gag in her mouth. She huffed, grunted, groaned and whined as replied to Alastair's words.
Ruby gave back on holding back her screams and released the sounds of pain, born from Alastair approaching her pussy with the blade. "No." She said when Alastair stopped cutting her.
The young angel quickly went rigid in his bean bag. “I-I didn’t mean it like... of course you’re as good as a human, I just meant-” He stuttered.
Castiel smiled down at the ground with a fond smile. The floating pieces of dirt were thrown to the side, out of the way for Castiel’s digging. It looked less glamorous being thrown to the side than it was when the grace was wrapped around it.
Dean turned around on the couch and glared at Castiel who was leaning against the doorway. “Damn it, Cas.” Dean growled and stood up to avoid wetting himself more with his drink. “Next time, warn a guy.”
“Yes he’s possessing someone.” Dean answered, but was quick to continue. “But for an angel to possess someone, they gotta have consent. The man Cas is possessing, Jimmy Novak, agreed to being a vessel.”
going on with her.” Dean stated and stood from the hard chair he had been sitting on. “See what you can find out.” He continued and made his way over to where Anna was sitting and examining the fresh bandage Sam had wrapped around her hand once he got his hands on a First Aid kit.
Uriel looked to Castiel with a bored expression. “We’re wasting time with these mud monkeys.” He muttered to the other angel.
Sam’s nervous and innocent look changed into something more questioning. “I never said it was Ruby…” Sam trailed off, becoming suspicious of how Dean could know without Sam telling him.
“What?!” Dean almost yelled as he fully woke up. He scrambled up onto his feet and started frantically collecting his clothes. He had been gone for over 24 hours and Sam and Bobby was probably worried.
Dean smiled weakly. “Side effects of losing all grace -- that's what the angels’ powers are called, by the way. And believe me, if I were an angel, the side effects would be much more chaotic.” Dean responded, feeling that the loss of grace didn't cause too massive damages, thankfully. Possibly because angel grace and archangel grace reacted differently; an archangel using angel grace would be fine, but a low-tier angel using grace from higher-tier would have bad consequences.
“Dean.” Bobby breathed and looked the young man up and down. One moment Dean simply stood in front of Bobby, the next he was in a tight hug of Bobby’s, almost crushing him. Dean gladly hugged him back, and held back his tears with more force than before. Damnit, how long was he going to tear up as soon as someone gently touched him?
, Dean was out of the door. With quick steps, Dean made his way through the streets of Sioux Falls, wishing he had taken Baby the day before so he didn’t have to walk while hungover and freshly awakened.
Hi everyone. To make things clear; yes, I am going to continue Feathers & Gunpowder and do, in fact, have another chapter ready as we speak. Well, I write, you read. But whatever, I just wanted to explain what's been going on and why updating will be coming slower.
Anna gracefully sat up in the bed and looked between the brothers -- Dean was helping Sam up from where Sam had landed on the floor -- and Missouri who was looking at her cautiously.
Alastair smirked as he saw more and more of Dean’s bright soul become darker and demonic. The master of torture had known Dean was the righteous man the moment he appeared in Hell, that Dean was the key to breaking the first seal. And it had been broken. Alastair was proud of himself and Hell when Dean Winchester broke after only 30 years. John Winchester hadn't even been close to breaking at 30 years.
"Haven't been here since Poland '43. Truth is, I loathe it. It's chilly. No stink of blood or sizzle of flesh or the wet flap of flayed skin. I don't know how you can stand it. So, the sooner you grow some balls and go back to your mission, the sooner I can finish with this ghastly angel business and return home to my studies. But no rush. Let's take our time... relish the moment." Alastair monologued.
Castiel nodded. “Yes. My father would be indifferent if Dean was a male or female. Mistranslations caused the bible to be like it is, several things are wrong, including the fact that God is against same-sex relationships.” The angel responded. “And as I don’t really have a gender because I’m an angel, technically this isn’t a same-sex relationship. Though I have a male vessel and I identify as a ma-”
The steps traveled over to the stairs and Ariel appeared at the top, wearing an expensive sheer black robe, trimmed with pink fur and simple cotton underwear underneath. Over the course of 1 day, she had managed to get hold of Danielle Imagé and also get her to say ‘yes’. Ariel had probably been preparing her for some time before Castiel and Dean met her in the restaurant.
Dean jerked the Impala off of the road and onto the shoulder beside the road, throwing the door open and stumbling outside until he collapsed on his knees on the grass beside the road. He drew in a big shuddering breath before his stomach lurched and did it’s best to dispel the burger and pie he had eaten earlier. It didn’t taste as good that time than it did when he first ate it. His body heaved until only bile burned as it crawled up his throat and he spat at the acidic taste.
It looked like Bobby wanted to ask more questions, but Dean cut him off before he could. “Bobby, I’d love to answer all your questions, but I’m exhausted and would very much like to go back to sleep.” Dean confessed, stifling a yawn. After his nightmare, he had been too on edge to go to sleep, but Castiel’s visit had managed to put him at ease enough for him to be tired again.
“He texted me a couple of hours ago. Apparently, he’s in Texas with some friends I didn’t know he had.” Sam replied and offered her a weak shrug. “He should be safe.”
Silence. Both Castiel and Sam stared at him like he had grown three heads. Dean rolled his eyes. “I mean, there are thousands of seals, it’s impossible to know which ones the demons are gonna break. So we let them break. Until we reach the last seal. We put all of our time down to finding the last seal and then we protect the Hell out of it and try to find a way to undo
Sam nodded frantically, brain quickly working on a plan. “Okay, I say we call Bobby, get him back from Hedonism and-” Sam rambled until Ruby cut him off.
“Keep the money? What-” Dean questioned as he watched his brother walk away and followed Sam with his eyes, finding his path lead him to Ruby. Dean felt his jaw tense as he followed after Sam towards the demon.
Dean blearily opened his eyes and looked back up. He knew what Sam was talking about: the angelic handprint on his left arm. Brands left by angels after they’ve grasped a soul and used grace on it. The brands are sensitive and can be felt in the soul if touched.
He thought of his most painful memories; when he lost his wings. Not when Michael cut out his grace, he had lost his wings long before that. Lucifer had cut them off before God locked him in the cage; Lucifer had experimented on how to break an angel the easiest, using the angels’ most sensitive parts to do so.
“I don’t care what happens to you. I don’t care if it’s Heaven or Hell who captures you. Either way, it won’t end happily for you.” Dean spoke and turned around to go up the stairs and get out of the room Anna was in. Though, Dean stopped with his foot on the first step of the stairs and looked back at his brother. “I won’t judge you if you help her. But know that she is not innocent… if you need me, you have my number.” Dean told Sam and walked up the stairs.
An hour later, Sam sat outside on the car from Bobby’s junkyard, reading through one of the several books they had on angels. The hand-written words were hard to understand, but he managed well enough.
“Her face!” Anna screamed in horror, and Dean could only sympathise with her. Ruby really did have a ugly mug in her true form. Burnt, decomposed and rotten flesh, the muscle exposed and a greyish green, black smoke filling the holes in the flesh.
Castiel nodded sadly. “Yes. After a month of staying at Bobby's house, he left to search for answers.” The angel straightened and looked into Dean's eyes. “You do know that most Angels will be against Sam?”
Sam looked at his older brother and saw the calculating green eyes. “Look, maybe we should check it out.” He suggested.
Dean avoided looking at Sam and instead looked around the room. Just like the exterior, it looked fancier than their usual places. A king sized bed covered in black silk sheets. A red loveseat-like couch stood a few feet from the bed, facing towards it. A table and a few chairs of dark wood stood in one corner of the room and a dresser stood by the foot of the bed, a big TV on top. There was a door leading out to a balcony facing the street below.
Ruby tried to zone out, to ignore the demon, just like she did when she was on the rack. It was hard; Alastair had an aura which haunted her, and his nasally voice was annoyingly hard to ignore.
"Let me just remove that for you." Alastair spoke and harshly pulled the gag out of Ruby's mouth. The younger demon grunted at the harsh treatment and Alastair grinned in response. "Now, little demon, tell me; where's the angel?"
The young woman grabbed her red hair in her fists and took a shuddering breath. “Why is all of this happening to me?” She asked in a thick voice, sounding almost like she was on the verge of tears.
“Cas!” Dean scolded as a blush covered his freckled cheeks. Of all the ways Castiel could have said it, he had to use the innuendo.
The reaper and the angels resumed their conversations while Dean got his emotions under control before he joined in on the conversations. They laughed and smiled as they told stories and jokes or recounted some good memories from the past.
Dean smirked at her, his little sister. "It's 2 a.m. somewhere." He spoke and tried to ignore how his hands were shaking. The fear and the threat of the angels throwing him back into Hell was starting to be visible.
Dean turned around in his seat and saw a blonde man with grey-blue eyes, dressed in a grey v-neck shirt, a black blazer and a pair of tight black jeans.
Later, as the night spread darkness over the sky, Sam, Ruby and Anna had set up camp in a barn not very far from the field.
“Anna escaped from prison. No one knows where she is.” Castiel informed him. Dean wasn’t worried. What’s the worst she could do?
"Fuck you." Ruby spat. Either Alastair took her deal and got Anna, or he didn't take her deal and Anna remained hidden.
Dean felt the breath leave him as he realized why they were there. He knew exactly what Uriel specialized in.
“Bullshit!” Sam called, and threw a punch. It grazed Dean’s cheek, but never hit him as he ducked to the side.
Julia nodded silently, not agreeing but also not disagreeing. “It’s okay. You can tell me. I’m here to listen.” She responded softly and made a quick note on the clipboard in her hand.
Dean fell to the ground while Alastair and the angel fought. “Jensen…” Dean mouthed, his own name, his real name. He breathed heavily, shock seeping through his brain as tremors wracked his body.
Sam rolled his eyes with a smile before he told Anna about the information he had found. “Union, Kentucky. Found some accounts of a local miracle.” He spoke, relying the piece of research to the ex-angel.
Dean huffed in frustration and rolled his eyes. “I’ll bite. Who are you?” He asked in a frustrated and tired voice.
Ruby looked at them in angry disbelief. “You're kidding.” She hissed angrily. “Great. Just peachy. Impeccable timing, guys, really.”
I posted one version of this chapter earlier, but deleted it and rewrote the ending as I realized it wouldn't work.
Anna Milton sat on her bed in the psychiatric ward of the Connor Beverly Behavioral Medicine Center, hearing the whispering of several voices in her head. Her psychiatrist, Julia Jones, sat a few feet away from the bed, asking her questions she offered as little response as possible to.
Dean smiled softly in response. “Call me Dean. Sam doesn’t know yet.” He answered in a whisper. Of course Missouri would know, she could read his mind and his aura -- both of which had changed when he got his memories back.
But Dean was still only a human and had to pull back to catch his breath. Instead, Dean let his forehead rest against Castiel’s and their noses rub together. “I love you.” Dean whispered and paused. “Idiot.” He added affectionately, earning a chuckle from Castiel.
Anna nodded in confirmation while Sam looked confused. “Wait a minute, there’s something I don’t understand… angels can just become humans?” He questioned.
The hunter and the ex-angel entered Bobby’s house again where Ruby was reading through and double-checking the facts that Sam found.
Bobby clapped him on the shoulder with a warm smile. “I’m glad you’re okay, boy.” Bobby leaned back in his seat just as one of the waitresses came up to their table.
Anna came forward the two men and she stared at Dean with wide hazel eyes. “And you're Dean. The Dean?” She asked quietly.
“Ruby's got her. I'm sure she's okay.” Sam responded and immediately received a cold and hard glare from his brother.
Sam and Dean finish the problem with Anna (finally). Dean spends some time with his angel family and is hiding something from them.
“How are you- What- I thought you were dead!” Castiel stuttered out, shock emanating from each word.
“What’d the message say?” Dean softly asked, only to have the devastated looks pinned to him. “It’s about me, isn’t it?”
Sam felt his stomach drop; the itch of withdrawal was still there, still burning hot, but he’d been able to avoid another his with Dean’s help. But Dean wasn’t there, he was in Texas last Sam had heard of him. “Ruby…” Sam started to protest.
The angel rolled his eyes and waved his hand, cleaning Dean’s body with a swipe of grace. “The hickeys, however, are staying.” He smirked and leaned back on his elbows in the bed.
“Dean? Are you okay?” Sam asked and stepped out of the bedroom. Dean didn’t answer, but blinked drowsily. “Dean?” He questioned and laid his hand on the older Winchester’s shoulder.
Missouri tore her eyes away from Anna and instead looked at the young Winchester. “Sam, don’t.” She ordered with a glare.
Castiel grasped Dean’s soul firmly, making it go from it’s human appearance to the blue ball of light humans see, and lowered it into the handmade coffin. Dean’s body glowed bright blue as Castiel’s hand entered his chest and released the soul inside. A pulse wave of power was released, angelic grace and soul essence strong enough to knock down the surrounding trees and would have burnt any human close by to ash with the power.
Sam returned to the motel room an hour and a half later, ready to apologize for how long he had been gone after having lost his track of time. When he returned to the room, however, there was no angry older brother glaring at him, instead the shower was still on. He placed Dean’s duffel on the bed before he went to the bathroom door.
Dean thought. “But, I know it's not just because of the angel radio thing. And the blood spell, man, that's some serious crap.” Dean tiredly said. He was so tired of lying, but knew it was safer if less people knew of his true identity.
The red-haired woman slowly nodded. “Yeah, I think so.” She started and glanced at Ruby. “Ruby's not like other demons. She saved my life.”
Sam looked at Dean with concerned eyes as he withdrew his hand. “Jesus, Dean.” Sam muttered, heart swelling with worry at the sight of his brother’s pale and clammy face.
Listened to Jensen's album with Radio Company while writing and, fuck, his voice is amazing. (I hope he continues doing music after Supernatural is over and maybe starts a music career)
Sam took Anna by the arm and pushed her into a supply closet. “Okay. Stay in there. Don’t move.” Sam commanded in a quiet voice.
“So, where’s this grace of yours?” Sam asked the former angel when they were back at Bobby’s place a few hours later.
He opened the trunk and pulled out Dean’s duffel, brushing off the dust that had collected over the 4 months Dean was gone. Or technically 3 months as Sam had taken out Dean’s duffel out of habit for the first month after the hellhounds.
Castiel soon shook his head back into reality, his eyes focusing up on Dean’s green orbs. “I must go.” The angel declared. “Heaven has given me orders to return back until further notice.” A stranger might not have seen it, but Dean caught the sad and worried look that flashed over his face. “Will you be alright?” He asked, concerned.
It felt like Dean had just closed his eyes after being awoken by the latest nightmare when he opened them again, the door creaking open having awoken him. He closed his eyes again and buried himself deeper under the covers with a groan, thinking it was only Sam. Though he quickly looked up when he heard a gun being cocked.
Dean let out a low growl and looked to his brother who was looking between both of the fallen angels with confused eyes, like he wasn’t sure who to trust. The green-eyed man huffed in anger and looked back at Anna.
“So, what do you want to do? Dump Anna and run? And let her be killed by the angels or demons? Forget it. Look, I know the angels freak you out-” Sam spoke but was cut off by Ruby.
Missouri smiled gently at the red-haired woman. “Hello, Anna. I’m Missouri Moseley. Dean asked me to help out with your blocked memories.” She introduced herself to the young woman. “How about we go inside while Dean makes a phone call.” She suggested after having read Dean’s mind and finding he wished to contact his fiancé.
Sam and Anna followed the psychic inside -- the Winchester looking at his older brother with a questioning look -- while Dean leaned his back against the Impala and closed his eyes as he prayed to Castiel.
“Do you remember what you did?” Julia asked and Anna nodded numbly. “You were hysterical. It took four people to restrain you.”
Anna sighed and ignored the brothers’ disbelief. “So… Castiel, Uriel -- they’re the ones that came for me?” She asked, looking between Sam and Dean in question.
Ariel rose from her seat on the armchair armrest and sat down next to the ex-archangel and slung her arm around his neck. “We understand, Jay. But we’ll help you find it, then you can choose if you want it or not.” She told him and pressed a kiss to his cheek.
“Well, that -- that's just batty.” Dean commented and turned another page in the sketchbook, finding amazing and graphic sketches, writing saying ‘
Dean sighed.  Castiel was impossible. Turning away from his fiancé of 120 years, Dean looked to Sam. “This is the angel who got me out of Hell and told me about Heaven’s plans for me.”
“What’s Bobby gonna tell us that we don’t already know?” She questioned. Her voice was once again soft and calm.
Dean thought to himself. But instead of saying it out loud, Dean just smiled at the dark-haired angel.
Dean remained silent, but threw a glance at Sam, looking away as he saw the horrified look on his face. “Can you promise me you’ll stop? If not for yourself, then for me?” Dean asked softly as he looked down at his hands as he wrung them together.
Dean pushed Sam away from him and slowly made his way back onto his feet, only for his legs to wobble under his weight when he stood up. Sam was immediately by his side again and slipped an arm around the older Winchester's waist to hold him up. With agonizingly slow steps, Sam and Dean made their way back to the beds.
“-Free will.” Dean finished for him. Castiel nodded in affirmative. Dean cracked a smile at the answer. “Well then, Cas, I think that’s going to be helpful in the long run. Makes you seem more human.” Dean answered with a yawn and tugged the covers higher to cover their chests. “And part of being human, is the need to sleep. And I’m exhausted.”
Dean stared at the spot where the angels had been staring for a second before he turned his face to look at Sam. “Well, you heard him.” He spoke. “Lets hunt ourself a witch.”
“Perfect… like a marble statue. Cold… no choice… only obedience. If we were to get free will, we would be punished, especially us soldiers, we would be re-educated by Heaven’s best.” She sighed heavily. Anna looked at Sam and offered him a weak smile. “Sam, do you know how many angels have actually seen God? His face?”
“30 years?!” Sam asked, shocked as he took a step back. “You were in Hell for 30 years?! Oh God… ” With grace enhanced senses, Dean could hear Sam’s heart beating quickly as shock spread through his body. His face went pale as all blood drained from it.
Sam huffed and moved his hand away. His fingers barely grazed the brand on Dean’s shoulder, and caused Dean to inhale a sharp and rough intake of air, before Dean started coughing. Dean caught his breath and looked up at Sam, then back down at himself.
Ariel looked between Balthazar and Castiel, trying to gauge if either of them were lying or trying to trick her. Seeing nothing but honesty, she took a deep breath she didn’t need. “Wow.” Was all she managed. “Is he okay? With everything?” She asked.
For a second, Sam was silent, didn’t speak. Then he opened his mouth and spoke. “You should have stayed in Hell.” Sam said in a natural voice, but with anger hidden right beneath the surface. “Everything was so much easier then.” As soon as the words exited Sam’s mouth, he seemed to realize what he had said and his face immediately morphed into a guilty one.
Castiel pulled away, a heavy cloud of lust in his eyes. Dean smirked and started walking down the street, in the direction he knew Sam’s motel was in. He heard Castiel groan behind him and then quick footsteps as Castiel caught up to him.
The idea behind Dean's engagement ring is the One Ring from Lord of the Rings, except it's silver and instead of Elvish writing, it's Enochian.
Sam slung the duffel over his shoulder and closed the trunk before turning around. Ruby stood there, brunette meatsuit and her black leather jacket, crossed arms and a smirk on her lips. Sam had forgotten that he had texted her the address of the motel he was staying at.
As Sam and Dean’s conversations steered away from angels and Hell, one thought kept repeating in Dean’s head:
Sam seemed to consider Dean’s suggestion. A realization struck him. “You never asked if it was me.” Sam stated.
Feigning innocence, Dean shrugged and rubbed the brand, shuddering at the tingling it left behind. “Dunno. Maybe it’s from whatever pulled my ass out of Hell?” Dean suggested. ‘
“Well, hate to burst your bubble, but I already ate. Did it before I came here. So why don’t you go ahead? I’ll stay here and catch up on some sleep.” Dean suggested with a small smirk.
“About what?” Anna asked with a confused smile. She looked between the brothers and then over her back to glance at Ruby.
. If used long enough, the soul itself will be burnt away, leaving a human with no moral compass to tell them what’s right and wrong. Ultimately, it could lead to a type of mix between a human and a demon, but not a cambion. Instead, an unstable, dark force that should be killed long before it’s created.”
Ruby bit her lip to avoid her scream becoming too audible. Blood pooled in her mouth from where she had bit through her lip and it seeped into the back of her throat.
“We’re in trouble, aren’t we?” She asked softly, looking up at Dean with big hazel eyes. “You guys scared?”
Sam sighed and rolled his eyes. “Dude, you’re confusing reality with porn again.” He light-heartedly scolded Dean before continuing. “Look, Anna didn’t say who her dad was. She just kept repeating that this real father of her’s was mad. Very mad -- like wanted-to-kill-her mad.”
The door cracked open and Balthazar stuck his head out. His blonde hair was disheveled and from where Castiel stood he could see that the blonde angel was shirtless.
Dean froze and quickly folded his arms over his chest. “Yeah.” Dean muttered in answer. “He was the master torturer in Hell. Probably why Ruby also knew him.” Dean added, voice shaky with fear. He quickly sobered, though, and stood straighter. “We got to find Anna.”
Sam quickly continued before Dean could respond. “And if you ever announce you were born as a girl and you're a transsexual man, I'd accept you. Even though it would've impossible for you to hide it from me while we were growing up. And the same goes if you ever announce you want to change genders! I mean, it would take some time getting used to it, but I'd be happy either way. As long as you're happy.”
“He’s gonna kill me!” Anna cried out in fear. She was whimpering and trashing on the bed, with tears streaming down her face.
“Go now.” She commanded the brothers in a strong voice. “Go through the bathroom window, don't stop, don't take your car, don't pass go. There are demons in the hallway and in the parking lot.”
Around 10 in the night, when the angels and the reapers started showing signs of  being drunk themselves, angel radio sparked to life. The angels froze and their eyes glazed over, leaving Tessa and Dean to look at each other with raised eyebrows.
“Sam lost it when he stabbed Alastair.” Dean answered and laughed internally at the bitch-face he received from Sam.
Anna looked at him curiously before she looked to Castiel and Uriel and noticed the chain around his neck and the faint blue glow under his shirt and was struck with the realization. With the realization, she walked more confidently over to the angels.
Castiel nodded his head in a so-so way. “He’s happy that he has his memories back, but Hell is still Hell. And it must be very strange for him; living as a human for a few decades and then find out you weren’t who you thought you were and not a human either. So I wouldn’t say he’s good, but I wouldn’t say he’s bad either.”
Castiel pulled back his hand and sat back on his heels to watch the human. For a second, nothing happened, then Dean bolted upright as he inhaled as much air as he could hold before letting it out with a heavy cough.
With the tiny amount of grace Castiel gave him, Dean had some of his angel senses and he could feel the Earth moving, both around the sun and around it’s own axis. He could feel a flower bloom in Japan and an avalanche in the Alps. Creation and destruction.
Castiel and Uriel disappeared with fluttering wings and Sam, Dean and Ruby all sighed in relief, even though Dean already felt longing for his fiancé.
Later, when Sam and Dean sat in the Impala, Sam was on the phone with the police. “Can I get a copy of the missing persons report? Great. Okay. Thanks.” Sam thanked the person before hanging up and turning his head to look at his brother. “Well, Anna Milton's definitely real.”
Dean cautiously accepted the items, small bags of cloth, and looked them over in his hands. “Hex bags?” He questioned the demon with a raised eyebrow.
Castiel looked at Dean with a hint of betrayal in his eyes. The archangel-turned-human offered the younger a quick smile.
Sam smiled as he ordered a caesar salad and Bobby ordered a cheeseburger. The two decided to bring their food to the motel room, Sam thinking it was better that Bobby found out sooner rather than later about Dean being back from the dead.
While he walked, he thought of Ariel and Balthazar, his two best friends. He had worked alongside Ariel on a few occasions and he had known Balthazar through her, though he first developed a friendship with Balthazar after he had met Castiel in 1483. He couldn't wait to see her again, along with Balthazar. They would be in for a surprise.
"It's the only way the two of us could chat..." Uriel huffed angrily. "Since you're hiding like cowards."
“Sshh!” Ruby quickly hissed at the younger brother. “Okay, yes, so I'm possessing this maid for a hot minute. Sue me.” She growled in a low voice.
Dean groaned and rolled off of Castiel’s body, and by doing so, the bed as well. A louder groan escaped Dean as he laid on the carpet covered floor. “What times s’it?” Dean grumbled as he heaved himself up from the floor with the help of the bed.
Dean studied the psychic and red-haired woman, his eyes flicking back and forth between them. Maybe he and Sam could do the same hypnosis sometime, find out each other’s secrets? Though that would mean Dean probably would reveal that he was an angel. Som maybe not such a good idea after all.
“I don't know.” Sam answered and placed a gentle hand on her shoulder. While he wasn't good at telling people their loved ones were dead, he
Dean slowly nodded. “Yeah. Is there a phone I could borrow? I promised my uncle to send him a text to tell him I've arrived and where we should meet up.” Dean lied easily.
“Missouri.” He greeted her with a hug. First time he had met her, she hadn’t been too keen on him, but she had warmed up to him after a few more cases that they needed her help on.
On his way to the motel entrance, Dean passed the Impala and ran his fingers over the polished black metal, only to stop when he saw an iPod jack in Baby’s dashboard.
Anna was laying on a bed -- more comfortable than the one in Bobby’s panic room -- with Missouri standing by a chair next to her. Sam was leaning against the door opening with his arms crossed over his chest.
Sam looked up when he heard Anna’s soft footsteps coming towards him. “Hey. Holding up okay?” He asked the angel in greeting.
Dean remained silent, staring at the ceiling and avoided looking at Sam. It was a wordless confirmation.
Dean sighed heavily. “No.” He answered and saw all their faces fall. “But at the same time, yes.” Their eyes lit  up again. “I miss being an angel, having a connection to Cas, not having to eat or sleep, having to go to the bathroom. But… I don’t miss the phantom pain from my broken wings, I don’t miss being forced to give up my free will, I don’t miss having people tell me what to do or think.” He explained.
A part of Dean felt sad for missing so much and causing them so much pain, another just felt happy that he was back and that he could spend time with them again.
“We still have the hex bags.” Sam said while he paced and looked between the demon and the former angel. “I say we go back to the panic room.”
When they broke apart from the kiss, they leaned their foreheads together and danced around the room. As Castiel briefly let go of Dean, only to grasp his hand and spin him, Dean hummed on an old tune. He couldn’t remember the lyrics, but he knew the melody by heart. Once Dean was back in Castiel’s arms, they moved to the song Dean hummed.
Sam smiled, completely unaware of Anna’s shock and mistook it as fear or worry and responded, “Well, I’m not that smart.” A hint of pride swelled in his chest as Anna chuckled. Then he grew serious. “Can I ask you something?” He asked.
“Enough!” Castiel growled like the commander he was and Uriel obeyed. He looked at the two hunters with a stern look. “I suggest you move quickly.” He ordered.
time. Since I was ten and as I told my therapist, I don't know who I was before my mom got sick and I can't remember what not worrying 24/7 felt like. But all of those worries are over now... I guess...
Sam smiled calmly, something evil glinting in his eyes. “She doesn't know that we know her secret. She's still helping us. We can use her to our benefits and when she doesn't have a purpose anymore, we'll kill her.” Sam suggested, his eyebrow raised in suggestion.
Sam had stabbed the demon with the knife, but nothing had happened. He thought for a second, of the white-eyed demon and why both Dean and Ruby had seemed so scared of him. Sam felt his smile drop at the realization.
“Cas does what Heaven asks of him, because if an angel disobeys an order, then they're reprogrammed with brutal torture and some truly horrible methods until they're good and pliant. Though Cas has drawn the line where he hurts innocent humans.” Dean explained as he thought of the horrible things Naomi had done to several angels.
Sam huffed. “I noticed you disappearing some nights and came back the next morning, but you weren’t smelling like alcohol like you used to do when you spent the night getting drunk and laid. So, one night I decided to follow you, to see what you were up to. I saw you meeting Castiel at a bar and then taking him to a motel room and the noises coming out of the room a couple minutes later explained pretty well what was going on.” Sam admitted in a quiet voice.
When Dean opened his eyes again, he was no longer in the home of his two siblings, instead, he found himself in an old, worn barn. He turned around to look at his surroundings but found himself looking at Uriel's face instead.
Anna released a soft huff. “Orders are orders. If the Host of Heaven orders something you follow them. I’m sure I have a death sentence on my head.” Anna replied, following Sam’s gaze to the tired looking green-eyed Winchester.
Castiel held out his hand for Sam to shake. Sam looked at him before glancing up at Dean who nodded. Sam and Castiel shook hands. “Who are you?” Sam asked as he let go of Castiel’s  hand.
Dean smiled weakly and clapped Sam on the shoulder. “Thank you.” He said with a smile before looking to Castiel. “And thanks to you too, you idiot.” Dean slapped his hands down on his thighs and stood, smiling between Sam and Castiel, though it was strained, forced. “Now, how about we hunt down some evil sons of bitches?”
Sam and Bobby hadn’t buried Dean’s body very deep, four feet instead of six. The handmade coffin that was supposed to be Dean’s final resting place looked like it was done in a rush, the boards the coffin was made out of were cut in rough edges, too many nails were put in the material and splinters stuck out. A box of tetanus, Dean concluded to himself.
Dean hummed in response as he straightened the blue tie around Castiel's neck. “Wish I had studied the seals more.” Dean mumbled in response. He looked up to Castiel’s eyes through the darkness and frowned slightly. “I was never meant to have a part in the Apocalypse. Only Michael, Lucifer and Gabriel were supposed to. Me and Raphael was just supposed to watch from the sidelines and we had orders to not interfere, and it’s the only order I ever followed. So I never studied about the Apocalypse as I found it unnecessary and no one ever told me anything.” Dean stated quietly in a sad voice.
Bobby and Sam stood in the doorway, Bobby aiming a handgun right at Dean’s head and Sam trying to make him put the gun down with bags of food and beer in his hands. “Bobby! It’s him! It’s Dean!” Sam stopped Bobby by grabbing the gun from the old hunter’s hold. “I’ve already done the tests, it’s really him.” Sam continued in a softer voice, though panic was clear in his eyes.
Dean quickly got defensive over his friend. “Hey, you couldn’t possibly have known. So I don’t want you to blame yourselves; and if I hear any of you lay the blame on yourselves, I won’t hesitate to fight you.” He joked and felt pride swell in his chest when they all chuckled or laughed.
Castiel slowly nodded. “It was broadcasted for everyone, but was meant for Anna, who’d rely it to Sam.” He explained before he closed his eyes and spoke, Sam Winchester, give us Anna by midnight, or… or we hurl Dean back to damnation.”
Alastair sauntered over to his student, tilting the younger’s chin up so he could see the young man in the eyes. The former green eyes were clouded with black, dark but not complete. The white eyed demon leaned down to brush his lips against the younger man’s. “Listen now, little one,” Alastair breathed against Dean’s lips. “Angels are coming. And they’re gonna try and take you away from me.”
Dean frowned and looked into the man’s eyes which flashed blue for a second and Dean’s brain came to the realization. “Balthy?!” Dean squeaked.
Sam took a deep breath through his nose and started gathering his stuff in his duffle, ready to get out of the destroyed motel room before the owner could complain. “I trust her because… she saved my life.” He confessed and looked up at Dean.
Dean looked back at Ariel and knew what she meant even though she didn’t say it; she felt like she was taking over his job when he fell, like she was replacing him. Guilt swelled up in Dean’s stomach and he covered his discomfort by taking a drink from his beer.
“And your father… what’s his name?” The psychic continued and looked the red-head up and down to see any physical reactions from her.
Sam wanted to stop. He really did. After finding out what the demon blood did to you, he tried to quit, but as soon as the effects of withdrawal set in, he gave in. He called Ruby on a burner phone, away from the motel they were staying at in the pretence of interviewing a witness.
Anna gasped and stepped towards Dean. “It's really you. Oh, my god. The angels talk about you. You were in Hell, but Castiel pulled you out, and some of them think you can help save us. And some of them don't like you at all.” She explained with awe in her voice. She looked up to Sam. “They talk about you all the time lately. I feel like I know you.”
Without Uriel holding him up, Dean fell to the floor with a grunt. Though he quickly scrambled to get onto his feet and rushed over to Sam, who was just regaining his consciousness. Dean helped the younger onto his feet while Ruby rose from where she had been knocked out after her hit with the wall.
Castiel gave a them both a second to let the information sink in before he added, “One good thing is that he actually has a plan on how to stop the Apocalypse. A classic, dumbass, Jensen plan.”
They quickly became a tangle of limbs and sweat and panting breath as they tangled together and twisted in the sheets. The room filled with moans, gasps and pants of pleasure, all the while their lips were still connected.
Missouri placed a soft hand on Anna’s arm and said in a reassuring voice, “It’ll be okay, Anna, just one look -- that’s all we need.”
Dean shook his head shamefully. “No.” He answered. “I don’t really know how to tell him. About the fact that I’m dating an angel and I haven’t even told him I’m bi yet, so I don’t even know if he’ll accept that.”
Dean smiled; at least this was familiar. Shaking off the nostalgia, Dean went down the hallways, searching for room 207. 205, 206 and at the end of the third hallway, room 207.
The angel turned to look at Dean and the human had to look away from the bright light burning his eyes. “Dean, Sam needs you. Lucifer is going to rise and your brother needs your help to stop the Devil.”
The younger of the two shook his head, causing his long hair to flop over his face. “No. She hasn't. Probably thinks Alastair is watching us and doesn't want him to find Anna. So until she thinks we're safe, we should lay low and wait for her to contact us.”
Balthazar grinned and Dean felt his breath momentarily leave his lungs. Dean wasn’t sure if he should hug him or nor not, and instead sat on the chair and stared at Balthazar dumbly. Instead Balthazar made the first move. He lunged himself into Dean’s arms and squeezed the ex-archangel tightly. Dean’s arms tentatively came up and hugged the blond angel back.
Dean smiled sadly and traced Castiel’s face with his fingertips. He leaned down at fitted his lips together with Castiel’s again and let himself relaxed against Castiel’s firm body.
"That they are." Alastair agreed. "Why did you reveal yourself? Aren't you supposed to keep up your little charade as 'the good little demon'?" He raised an eyebrow.
Castiel took the glass from Balthazar’s hand, “Thank you,” and sipped the amber liquid. Lowering the glass, Castiel watched his brother and fellow soldier take a sip from his own glass. “I found Jensen.” The younger angel said softly.
The following 8 hours were spent at the bar, catching up on the last 30 years. Balthazar had been stationed in Hell for 5 years to scope out the demons and try to get any intel on any plans they might have, Ariel had taken over the job of fixing and guarding Heaven’s weapons. Castiel had been taking care of his garrison after Anna was sentenced to Heaven’s prison.
Anna shook her head as if to clear it and blinked rapidly. “It’s weird… Like a recording… a loop.” She frowned heavily. “It says, ‘Sam Winchester, give us Anna by midnight, or…’”
Dean looked around the semi-busy street and nodded. “I’ll be alright.” He answered and returned his gaze to Castiel. “Sam’s motel is just around the corner. I’ll make it there without any fuss. But I expect you to contact me every evening until we see each other again.” Dean demanded.
Sam frowned at him, while Bobby scowled angrily. “You’re gonna risk your life for something you don’t even know anything about?” He asked angrily. He had just come back, was he going to die again due to his selflessness?
Anna shrugged. “Kind of. I mean, same bottom line. This demon, Lilith, is trying to break the 66 seals to free Lucifer from Hell. Lucifer... Will bring the apocalypse. So... Smoke 'em if you got 'em.” She answered before she turned her head as the whispering in her head got louder.
“No!” Anna screamed as lights exploded and glass chattered, raining pieces of glass down on them. Sam and Dean jumped away from the shards of glass, avoiding getting cut by them, while Missouri stayed and continued her hypnosis.
"Sorry, I'm late with the demon delivery. I got caught up being tortured." Ruby spat and glared at the green-eyed hunter. She huffed and disappeared, leaving Sam's arms empty.
Dean picked at a napkin, tearing off small pieces and rolling them into small balls as he waited. Danielle came back to his table 20 minutes later with a plate with his burger and his mug of coffee.
And I felt disappointed in the 'torture' Dean used on Alastair in S4E16:EOn the Head of a Pin. If he was a student under Alastair, then he surely should have done more gruesome things.
Panic swelled in Dean's chest, but his face remained relaxed and natural, only a little pinched from the pain of aching muscles. In reality, he didn't have a reason to lie, even when he was just Dean he was smart. “I've always been smart, Sam. Just haven't been showing off like you. So while you were charading around about how smart you were, you missed the fact that I was right there beside you, doing my homework and getting high grades as well, but unlike you I didn't talk about it much.” Dean mumbled, letting a hint of hurt seep into his voice.
With a tired look, Anna answered him. “His destiny said he was gonna kill a lot of people, never specified how many. And destinies can be changed.” She explained. “You destiny was changed; you were destined to become the Boy King of Hell. But you didn’t, because Dean helped you change your destiny.”
Dean smiled. “Yeah, it’s me.” He opened his arms. “I’m back…” He stopped speaking when a splash of holy water covered his face. Spitting out the water in his mouth, he prepared to berate Sam, but was stopped when Sam threw himself into Dean’s arms. Sam clutched the back of Dean’s t-shirt tightly in his hands, a wave of relief coursing through Sam’s tall body.
Castiel threw Dean a quick glare before his face went back to his neutral squinting face. “We have to hold the line. Too many seals have been broken already.”
Castiel looked to the red-haired woman. "Hello, Anna. It's good to see you." He said in a voice that sounded fake and sarcastic.
Dean dropped the towel and quickly dressed in his clothes as Sam came out of the bathroom with Dean’s dirty clothes which he put in the laundry bag.
Anna looked up from the floor and into Dean’s eyes, her own still filled with shame, but also burning with defiance. “I didn’t kill that man because he was human. And God told us to love humanity as much as we loved him, and I
Anna walked up to him so they were walking shoulder to shoulder and she looked up at him with wide and curious eyes. “In Hell, you mean?” She asked and immediately regretted it when Dean froze and looked at her with a hard glare.
“Both cars are in the driveway.” Sam responded and nodded to where the two cars stood in front of the garage.
Ariel stood still and stared into Castiel’s eyes for a second before she smiled. “That handsome young man you were with in the diner, that’s Jay?” She asked.
The blonde angel choked on the liquid he was drinking and coughed. He looked up with wide, watering eyes. “What?” He asked.
“How was the meal? Can I get you anything else- hello.” Danielle interrupted her flustered questions when she saw Castiel. Her eyes roamed over his with interest, making Dean uncomfortable and slightly jealous.
Dean nodded and loosened his tight grip on Castiel’s body so the angel could move. The angel leant down and touched the freshly turned dirt of the ground. The ground shook and pieces of dirt floated into the air, lifting away from the hole to Dean’s earthly grave.
(It's actually Jensen's home. I tried to find something original but couldn't find anything so I chose Jensen's house since he has a beautiful, big and expensive house, which is what I imagine Balthazar and Ariel would live in)
"Dean Winchester is saved!" Castiel yelled out, letting all angels in Heaven, Earth and Hell hear him. Wherever they were, they heard.
Dean was dying. He was 100% sure he was dying. If he had to read one more Goddamn book, he was going to die. If not from boredom or sleep deprivation, then from the fact that the Apocalypse was going to start while he had his head buried in a book.
“The angels said you were guilty of something. Why would they say that?” Sam asked in a gentle voice.
“I sent them away… far away.” She softly whispered, loud enough for Dean to hear, and sounded shocked and a little scared. Dean hummed in response, already knowing what the sigils did and how they were activated.
“What can I get you?” She asked in a soft and slightly tired voice. It was a woman with silky black hair tied into a ponytail, and kind brown eyes. She looked like the type of woman Dean would hit on.
“Over and over. If you were religious, scared, and had demons on your ass, where would you go to feel safe?” Dean questioned and looked into Sam’s hazel eyes and saw the same thought being reflected in his own eyes.
“We have to have been created somehow, right?” She joked lightly, though the humor didn’t feel genuine. “And we have to have faith, otherwise that’s another re-education on the rap sheet.”
Alastair glared at the angels. "Don't touch a hair on that poor girl's head." He hissed and gestured to Anna.
Sam frowned. “You never asked if I brought you back.” Sam stated before he paused. “You know what brought you back.” Sam breathed. It wasn’t a question, it was a statement.
Once again, Anna’s words caught Dean’s attention. When he was reborn, he didn’t remember a single thing about his past life. So why did Anna? Dean also couldn’t hear the angel radio, nor could he use telekinesis, or see demons’ true faces -- apart from when he was piercing the veil as he was about to be pulled into Hell by the hellhounds. Why was Anna different? Shouldn’t it have been the other way around? Dean had the stronger grace after all.
“What’s happening?” Dean asked his brother in a whisper. He looked at the psychic standing by Anna’s side and was preparing what Dean guessed was a seance.
“Well, thanks.” Dean smiled slightly. At least no one got hurt. “Can you take me there?” Dean asked. He wasn’t sure he could make it to the gas station without passing out from dehydration.
Sam ignored her and continued retelling his research. “Look, I think that was Anna and here, in Kentucky at the almost exact same time, another meteor.”
Uriel's face grew red from his anger and he was about to strike Dean -- who didn't even flinch when he stepped forward with his fist raised -- when Castiel appeared next to him and caught his arm.
But the good mood didn't remain for long, Samandriel timidly spoke up and asked, “Jensen, are you, uh, ever gonna get your grace back?”
Dean met Sam's eyes and nodded his head to the deeper parts of the cabin. “Back room.” He commanded the younger.
Pulling himself together, Dean entered the motel. It seemed fairly clean and cozy. But Dean knew looks could betray. A teenage girl stood behind the check-in counter, heavily tattooed and pierced, looking like she'd rather be anywhere but there.
Dean sighed and rubbed his eyes. “Just… skip the nudity.” He commanded firmly and looked up at Sam with tires eyes.
“Are you telling me that your boyfriend is possessing someone?” Bobby questioned, as his face started verging on angry.
start another fight, especially after the destruction of the motel room. “What about the blood?” Sam asked, eyeing the drying twin rivers of blood under Dean's nose and the specks of red which were still covering Dean's lips.
Sam’s eyes widened at the revelation. “That’s it?” He questioned. “How can you have faith in him of you haven’t seen him?”
“But even if we have the archangel blade, we need an archangel to kill him.” Dean reminded him, being the pessimist in their conversation. Like always.
Dean scoffed with a smile. “If I can last 4 years on the road by myself while you went to nerd school, then I can last until you come back from a diner down the road.”
“We've driven further for less, Dean.” Sam said with a shrug. Dean only shook his head in response. “You got something to say, say it.” The younger demanded.
Samandriel quickly stood. "I've only had 6 beers. Both Ariel and Balthazar has had over 20." He spoke eagerly.
Alan= Alan Rickman, a British actor, best known for playing professor Severus Snape in the Harry Potter franchise
Dean sighed heavily and looked at the younger Winchester with tired eyes. “I know that she isn't innocent. Cas told me that. But I don't know why they want to kill her.” Dean explained.
The smell of copper tinged with sulphur made Sam realize how long it had been since his last hit. The need overwhelmed him and Sam let out a low growl. He yanked her body against him and smashed their lips together in a rough kiss, full of teeth and tongue. Sam felt a rush of air as Ruby took them to the motel room they always stayed in when they… did their thing.
“Hey, don’t give me the ‘thanks for trying’ speech. As Dean would say, participation trophies suck.” He joked and Anna chuckled.
Dean smiled slightly. “Yes.” He paused before he continued. “You were right. There are divine things in the world.” Dean admitted.
“Can’t you use your mojo and clean me up?” Dean asked as he put on his underwear and jeans. He put on his boots and laced them up efficiently and quickly, and stood to look at Castiel.
“I don’t know.” Anna smirked. “There’s loyalty… forgiveness… love.” She retold the things that made her want to become a human.
“Here.” Sam finally said just after the clock had struck midnight. Ruby rose from her seat and looked at the magazine Sam held up. “In March ‘85, a meteorite vanished in the night sky over northwestern Ohio. It was sighted 9 months before Anna was born and she was from that part of Ohio.”
Anna shook her head and shrugged off Sam’s hand. “Dean told you, I disobeyed. So did Lucifer. I killed angels and many humans died because of me. Maybe I got to pay.”
Sam shoved him off as Dean picked up the blade. “Sam,” Dean warned. “It’s me, I’m alive!” Dean protested.
Upstairs in Sam and Dean’s shared room, Sam was frantically texting Ruby for a place to meet. Away from the books and distraction of reading, Sam felt the early symptoms of withdrawal. His hands were trembling sightly, not really noticeable, but still there. Ruby responded with an address and Sam took a quick shower before he sneaked out through the back door.
Dean shrugged. “Not really. I mean, I can feel their power around me, as if they're here. But I know they aren't.”
Dean sighed and laid back on the bed. “That was the powers Castiel gave me being unleashed after I lost control over them.” He answered mechanically. “Cas gave me a little of his own powers in case I needed to heal any injuries on myself or others, and to help me identify demons and angels’ true forms.” Dean groggily turned his head and looked at Sam. “Cas’ powers won't corrupt me, they're essentially just a booster for the soul.”
Anna nodded as she thought of Heaven’s vast weaponry, the phantom weight of an angel blade falling into her hand. “Nothing we could get to… not right now.” She answered Sam’s question.
It took 15 minutes to get from the hotel and back to Bobby’s house, during the time which Dean had at least woken up some and was trying to figure out an excuse as to where he had been for the last 24 hours. The best he could come up with was an one night stand and a breakfast somewhere in town.
Dean shrugged. "I don't know. But you should have kept your eyes on her, after all, she's your Hell buddy." He spoke with a tone of anger and took a drink from his flask.
"Turn around and walk away. Now." Castiel growled, unconsciously spreading his wings for Dean's protection.
“A little scared, I guess.” Anna elaborated when Sam quietened. “I, um, wanted to thank you, Sam.” She stated.
Castiel looked over to Dean and moved closer, meant for both comfort to his fiancé and also protect him.
“Goodnight, son.” Bobby whispered into the air, hoping it somehow reached Dean in whatever consciousness he was in.
While the demon tried to pull the knife out of his shoulder, making sparks glow from the wound, Sam got back to his feet and took hold of Dean’s arm, tugging on his brother’s jacket sleeve. Once Dean started moving, mainly because Sam started moving him, the brothers ran towards the stained glass-window, taking off into a run towards the window before throwing themselves through the glass and falling to the ground beneath.
Dean rolled his eyes. “I don’t have powers! All I can do is see angels and demons’ true faces! And I’m not going to become corrupted because of it!” Dean yelled, frustrated with the whole situation.
Dean was sitting on Bobby’s old couch in the living room and nursed a bottle of beer, staring at the piles of books on the tables, floors and chairs through the darkness. On any available surfaces, there was books. Books about angels, demons, Hell, Heaven, archangels, the Apocalypse, anything useful that might give them ideas on seals. Even Dean’s own books were there.
Sam quickly turned around, one hand on the gun in the back of his jeans. Behind him stood Bobby, who had a small smirk on his eyes as his eyes were fond. Sam relaxed and dropped his hand from the gun.
Dean didn’t respond and instead looked at the angel with soft eyes as he bent his head to kiss the angel, nothing but a quick chaste kiss. He closed his eyes when they pulled away, enjoying the silence and the presence of his fiancé.
The red-haired young woman had blood covering her arms and hands; her own blood, judging by the cuts on her palm.
Dean chuckled lightly as Balthazar raised an eyebrow in question to his wife. “I’ve taught you well.” The ex-archangel told his friend, feeling his throat clog up.
Sam went stiff as he held his shorter older brother to his chest. “You broke the first seal? You’re the righteous man?” He asked softly.
Dean briefly sat his beer down to pick up one of his own books Castiel had dropped off, one about Heaven’s weapons. He opened it to a random page and saw a hand drawn picture of the Michael Sword.
Sam sighed and looked down at the floor. “I tried, Dean, I really did. But… I couldn’t stop.” Sam explained, watching how Dean raised his head to study the younger Winchester with firm eyes. “It’s like an addiction, like an itch I have to scratch or else I go crazy with need.”
, the nickname Dean had given Castiel shortly after they met in 1483, coming from the fact that Castiel was younger, shorter and had smaller wings than Dean. If Dean still had his wings, that is. He had them cut off by Lucifer a few years before the older archangel was banished to the cage.
As Dean sat down in an unoccupied booth and waited to order while he looked at the menu, Castiel's grace wrapped itself more firmly around him.
Dean hummed in response as Sam said their goodbyes to the doctor and Dean slammed the notebook shut when he saw the gruesome illustration of the seal he broke himself. ‘
Dean offered a weak smile in response. “Just because we’re family doesn’t mean we don’t fight. Wanting to kill them comes along with the job of being a big brother. And lastly, we have
Dean opened his mouth to point something else out, but stopped when he heard the fight from up above come closer. He looked up and saw several bright lights fading out, but also black smoke burning away. Dean turned his head back to look at Castiel --
Ruby groaned and glared into Dean’s green eyes. “Because a demon's coming, big-timer. We can fight later, Dean.” Ruby said and for once, her voice seemed almost… soft.
Castiel smiled against Dean’s lips as he deepened the kiss. The kiss heated quickly and soon the two were pulling their clothes off.
Dean chuckled and looked down at the ground, embarrassed.  He had never believed he was beautiful. Not when Castiel said it, nor Gabriel, not when one of his lovers said it.
. And I’m not one of them.” She spoke, her voice choked up as if she was about to cry, though her eyes were dry with no trace of tears.
“Oh really? Didn’t you say a few weeks ago that you had gotten powers thanks to your ‘relationship’ with Castiel? Wouldn’t you call that corruption?” Sam yelled in question.
“Hey! Stop it!” Anna told the hunter and the demon in a loud and strong voice, the same voice she used when she was a commander in Heaven.
Sam's bright smile dimmed, but a determined edge shone from his eyes. “I don't care about dad. It's not him this is about. You're the one coming out, not him. And he's just one of thousands of asshole too blinded by their fear of differences between people to see what everyone else sees; love. And as for the transsexuals and nonbinary, our bodies are just shells meant to hold us; it's our soul that truly identifies as who we are.”
“No. You can’t do this, you’re angels, I mean aren’t you supposed to -- aren’t you supposed to show mercy?” He questioned. This wasn’t how he imagined angels like, they were supposed to be kind, gentle, not believing in the needs of the many outweighs the need of a few.
“To who? Dad?” Dean asked with a chuckle. He had a hate for his father that he never talked about, though Castiel seemed to know anyways.
Sam's smile grew so wide Dean was worried Sam's face was gonna split in two. “Don’t worry Dean, I'll always be right
Dean, Tessa and the angels talked, joked and bantered with each other late into the night. The coffee table quickly filled with beer bottles and bowls of snacks as Dean became more and more drunk while the small amounts of alcohol in the beers barely had an effect on the angels and the reaper.
“It's a, uh, it's a little-known translation.” Dean easily lied and continued to flip through the pages of the sketchbook, finding more seals illustrated on the pages.
Sam and Dean’s eyes met across the pool table as Sam was about to take his shot and Sam raised his eyebrow, all traces of fake drunkenness gone. Dean responded by raising his eyebrow back and Sam broke and made his shot, sinking several balls.
A blush quickly spread over Dean’s cheeks as the other angels and the reaper burst into laughter. “Cas!” Dean whined as his cheeks grew a bright red. He buried his face in Castiel’s neck to escape his embarrassment.
Dean nodded and handed Bobby back the full glass of whiskey trudged his way over to the stairs. “Night, Bobby.” The Winchester called over his shoulder, voice still quiet so Sam didn’t hear and didn’t wake up. Dean made his way up the stairs and into the bedroom he had claimed as his own during the times he had been there while Sam was at Stanford.
Dean looked at Sam with panicked eyes and the younger Winchester caught his drift. As Dean opened the motel door, Sam stood so that most of the room wasn't visible through the small opening.
“I found it in Heaven after you disappeared. I've been holding on to it ever since. Thought you should have it now that you're back.” Castiel said with a tentative smile.
With those words, Dean and Castiel left the diner with a shocked Danielle behind them. On the street, Dean made sure to kiss the angel passionately in clear view of the window.
