. Thou shalt not sternly utter the full name of thy baby except in dire need or warning.
Sherlock opened his eyes slowly, squinting against the searing light, and yawned wide.
getting just a touch senile.
"Yes, please."
A few hours later, Sherlock's skin felt more of a normal temperature. Almost a bit cool around his feet, even, which was certainly an improvement. Whether it was due to getting rest or the smelly, garden-grown antibiotics, Sherlock's fever had broken. John spread the bunny blanket over Sherlock up to the waist.
"You mean he's as good as, like, what? hypnotised right now?" she interpreted. "We can't snap him out of it."
His little one was drooling all over one pink mitten, breathing slow and deep.
It startled him intensely, the adrenaline instantly making his heart race and his limbs jerk out. His eyes flew open. There was only a crackled white plaster expanse before him. Hard contact between the floor and his elbows at least told him which way was down and ceased the sensation that he was falling. The pain itself was what brought him to.
"But not when he's this stroppy?" she pointed out.
And his father, same as ever, didn't pay much mind to the boys. He never had been much enthused about the idea of having children of his own. Not that he wasn't proud of Mycroft's career, but, then, the entire family fawned over that.
When it began to take effect Sherlock fussed at first, fighting the strange feeling of unnatural sleepiness after he had slept so much already. His movements became even more uncoordinated, and his whimpers desperate.
John sighed. "Yes. I can tell you need to go. Come on. Whatever it is you're looking at will wait for you."
- Got a cut on my right knee and minor chemical burn on three fingers of my right hand, and refused to tell Daddy what chemical I used. He was able to guess correctly, though.
The baby woke late in the morning, lethargic, with glazed eyes. Yesterday's elation over being sent back home with Daddy now gave way to the horrendous low of withdrawal. Baby was going to be
It was the middle of the day on a weekday, so John saw no one when he glanced around to make sure they were out of earshot.
Lying limply against the support wedge, which positioned him to help his sinuses to drain better, Sherlock looked especially frail. He was nude save for the mitts and a diaper, most of his body nearly as pale as the waterproof sheets beneath him despite the red, fevered flush that tinged his cheeks and the tips of his ears.
John took a sip of tea, then cleared his throat. Rhetorically, he asked, "How many meals have you had this week?"
As soon as John withdrew his touch, Sherlock felt some of the warmth leave his own body. John broke contact far too soon for his liking.
Not that the path was truly dangerous; it was plenty wide, and Sherlock stayed roughly to the centre of it. Just, in Toddler Mode, Sherlock could be over-cautious.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Fine," Sherlock answered in what he tried to make a monotone.
With a short grunt of apparent agreement, Sherlock came back to the here-and-now and did an abrupt about-face toward his bedroom.
He stroked Sherlock's hair back until the little one's screams died down to soft, resentful sounding whimpers, then slid a hand between Sherlock's legs to feel up the nappy.
Sherlock paused, a fresh spoonful hovering over the mealy pond of purée.
Were Sherlock in full possession of his adult faculties, he would have slapped himself for thinking something so silly. He would have told himself it was an after effect of the adrenaline and the endorphins catalysing in his system. That sounded more rational.
Though, it was perfect timing, in a way. John finally took that weeklong break from work that Mycroft has been doggedly suggesting. I'm sure John felt justified in not accepting until he did, before we found out the true cause of my sudden illness, so that as chance would have it he was very luckily on hand to nurse me through it.
John shook his head, remembering, "I've seen him Little and kited before, once. That's the whole reason we had the restraint seat in the first place."
Sherlock obediently waited for the swing to stop completely before he hopped down. He followed Daddy to their parking space, where Daddy used his extra key fob to unlock the doors. Mycroft's appointed driver sat at a nearby picnic table, engrossed in what might either have been a popular novel or a top-level-clearance dossier. It was thick enough to be difficult to tell which.
Sherlock was shuddering uncontrollably.
The air around them changed, both heavier and lighter with the released energy of mutual confession.
Sherlock managed to hold back his sobs for the space of two breaths once John stepped through the door. But, as John didn't immediately move to approach further, taking a moment to find his bearings and assess how today would go, little Sherlock resumed tearfully wailing in grief.
Feeling a rare case of tears coming on - well, not so very rare if Sherlock was honest with himself - he whisked off to his own bedroom down the creaky, lonely hall.
John fetched a clean, flannel burp cloth from a nearby linen basket and brought it to Mary, who tucked it over her shoulder to use later.
He wondered over it while he washed the grease from his hands.
"Thank you," John heard Sherlock whisper once the water was off.
John heard the first long, low wail all the way from his armchair in front of the hearth.
Sherlock wasn't under the bed. John checked from all three sides. That left the wardrobe.
"I'll deal with him," John dismissed her with a nod toward the door.
Before walking away, John briefly slipped his hand into an access port to gently brush his fingertips against Sherlock's.
The past few months, I've been working on a pair of new AB Sherlock fics on top of the reconstruction work I'm doing on my older WIPs. (I'm facing a lot of coding incompatibility issues with files I salvaged from the PC that croaked in January.)
"But you don't let me do anything," John reminded him. He squeezed a bit harder, feeling Sherlock melt into his encompassing embrace.
"I think you've literally worried yourself sick," John commented, ending in a grimly thoughtful pursing of lips. That was the closest thing to his actual thoughts he dared say.
"Come on. Up." Impatient to get Sherlock into the tub lest he wet - or mess - himself in another inconvenient place, John didn't bother with any coaxing baby-talk before dragging Sherlock halfway out and grabbing the detective up into a full front carry, forcing Sherlock's legs around his Daddy's waist and his arms around Daddy's neck.
"Alright," John said, taking off the stethoscope, "let's give him another minute to digest, then I think we'll do his work-up. We can put him back in the cot whenever you're ready."
When Sherlock didn't reply, he added, "If they're ones you've already seen, then by all means you can go back to your room. D'you want to just watch the first five minutes and see if you're interested?"
Daddy pressed the cold bell to Sherlock's chest, tutting an apology when a shiver immediately wracked the baby's bony shoulders.
Sherlock flopped onto his side atop his bed, arms crossed, in a blatant pout. A familiar whirling coil of loneliness and grief welled inside him, making his eyes itch and his chest tighten. For no logical reason, he felt as though John had abandoned him; as though, as Sherlock's father, had stormed off in anger and left him horribly alone as punishment for simply wanting to be closer.
Still Sherlock did not let himself look, denying himself a barometer for John's thoughts as the both of them listened to strangers discuss the very thoughts and acts that Sherlock hid from John on a day to day basis.
Some might take that as a challenge, but I predict in John's case he'll feel guilty, now that I've found out, and not want to bother with that trick again. We shall see.
Daddy says that's cruel and indecent and I shouldn't do it.
The words meant nothing.
That was when Mary called from the sitting room, "John? Your phone!"
Hm. Stash sounded like splash. Sherlock sort of had the urge to splash, what with the faucet running, but he wasn't in the mood for a bath despite needing one. He pulled up the drain stop between the hot and cold knobs and let the sink fill, then turned off the tap and, grinning, swatted at the water with his open palms. He giggled softly, once, and continued to play with the water until he heard John's voice at his ear.
It was worth how sweet Sherlock acted for the rest of the morning, and the little guy even went down for his nap early, no fuss, thanks to a minor caffeine-and-sugar crash.
"My god," John massaged the bridge of his nose and groaned, "it's like talking to a child."
He was sat on his bedroom carpet, engrossed with a colouring book, when the door to the flat opened and John's distinctive footfalls wafted to his ears. He stilled, listening to the reassuring, familiar sounds of John settling in.
He made to thrust his bound hands at Daddy to be let free, but Daddy wasn't in the bed with him anymore.
, potty. Stay. there," John gritted.
"Don't like the celery, huh," John commented dryly. He got a dirty scowl in answer.
The second documentary was a bit more awkward to sit through. The topic was pro-ana, or pro-anorexia websites, and Sherlock had a fair idea of what was going through John's head the couple times he peered at Sherlock sidelong. When John went to the toilet halfway through, Sherlock slid off the couch and made himself comfortable on the floor, using the sofa as a backrest, so it would be easier to ignore John when he returned.
A diaper and his bedtime outfit were already laid out on the bed. Sherlock lied on his back with his bottom in the diaper, and he 'watched' Daddy snug it around him and tape it up. Sherlock sat up to adjust it. His onesie went on, the crotch snapped securely over his diaper, and Daddy insisted Sherlock's booties went on as well. The booties were simply pastel ankle-length socks that matched the little blue sheep and clouds on Sherlock's patterned white onesie.
I suppose I have missed this. With Daddy so busy, I'd been trying to stay Big more of the time lately. That doesn't appear to have been the best choice.
John tutted and explained, "No, Sherlock, this is Daddy's coffee. You're too small to drink this sort of stuff, remember?"
His body jerked out on instinct when he came to, but the soft cloth around him and residual drug-inhibited muscle response kept him from really moving.
He snorted at the word 'stash'. Sometimes, he got a kick imagining the look on Lestrade's face if he perhaps told him one day that he'd dropped the cocaine for diapers.
Grudgingly, Sherlock rolled onto his back and let Daddy cup the back of his head to keep him from jerking away. John didn't give Sherlock any time to reconsider, swiftly inserting the dropper the instant Sherlock opened his mouth.
Daddy patiently held onto the sippy cup until Sherlock had a decent grip on it.
"Mmmm..." the noncommittal noise accompanied a minute shrug. And some telltale squirming.
He turned back and adjusted the lens magnification.
"Would you like to do it, or shall I?" she asked John.
When John looked back to Mary, her eyebrows were raised curiously.
"Yup. A tiny one, too. He's probably just a baby. Like you."
It was, almost, a bit like Daddy signalling to Sherlock that he was about to send him to bed for his own good.
scared.
"Okay... That explains a lot, I guess."
"Ready," John called over his shoulder when he had everything out on the table.
Sherlock started to doze off at last, but Daddy wasn't through checking him over.
"First thing's first," John said, beckoning to Mary and pointing out how they would begin, "we need to clamp off his umbilical cord."
I told Daddy that if one of the decaf options was toothpaste that tasted like wonton soup and tempura chicken, we wouldn't need to spend so much on takeaway food.
Sherlock made an indecisive humming sound and stared up at Daddy searchingly, before finally wrapping his lips around the small plastic nozzle poking at them.
Sherlock turned his body just far enough to shoot John a veiled
"Too much excitement, maybe?" John snorted at himself, "I sound like a Victorian physician."
in his nappy. He always knew enough to scoot himself over to the bathroom door so John would have a cue when the baby needed to be helped onto the toilet.
Unsure how to respond, Sherlock shrugged. He didn't have any specific pains, other than achey eyes from crying and some soreness in his throat from throwing up. The rest was more a vague, heavy ache that pervaded his entire body. Maybe still a bit of nausea too, but nowhere near as bad as before.
"... You mean what am I going to do about you behaving like a child?" was John's jibe at Sherlock. He fumed a bit more over the interruption of his quiet reading time, and Sherlock's apparent flippancy, before muttering, "I'm going to finish my book upstairs, that's what I'm going to do about it."
The fruit flies were mean and got revenge. I was going to have a sandwich for tea tonight, but late-ish since Daddy froze the bread so it would keep and it had to defrost first. The two slices I took were
Sherlock's hands were guided into cotton mittens, and a lilac knitted cap was snugged over his head. Daddy gave an extra couple of well-placed tugs to the edge of the cap to make sure the tops of the baby's ears would be kept warm.
John startled a bit when he finally caught Sherlock staring from the shadows at the end of the hall. He turned the heat down under the tomatoes.
a urine problem."
Then the credits rolled and the late news was announced to follow.
John gulped, thankfully not audibly, and asked cautiously, "I see. Does regressing make it easier, then?"
All of a sudden, Mary paled. She pointed past John, towards Sherlock, and gasped, "John, what's he doing?"
"Thank you," Sherlock murmured thickly.
Until he'd said it aloud, John hadn't even consciously realised he was, in fact, afraid. Rationally, he knew Sherlock's health was as stable as anyone could hope for after yesterday's debacle, but if something else went wrong, something unforeseen...
The two snuggled up to each other and lied together silently. As the time stretched whilst they waited for the night to reclaim them in sleep, a few occasional growls and grumbles could be heard from Benedict's gut settling.
Observing Sherlock sidelong, she asked John, "What are we dealing with for the next few days, then?"
With the fresh nappy snug around Sherlock's hips, John unfolded a long garment and began to dress the baby from the bottom up, slipping him into a fleecy babygrow. The extra-warm clothing choice was almost certainly a sign that today the baby was going to be removed from his incubator for the first time. Sherlock grunted in curiosity, his tongue making a clumsy appearance and accidentally popping his dummy free. Daddy watched it drop with an adoring
"Well," John said, pausing to use the corner of Sherlock's bib to wipe up a stray dribble, "a couple days of detox misery for sure, but overall I think he might give us an easier go of it than last time. He's in his sweet space, I like to call it. When he's little enough, he's very eager to please. Mostly nonverbal. He took a lot of downers this time, so he might nap a lot. Last time it was more stimulants; he was a right brat out of hell."
"I had biscuits," Sherlock said guardedly. He frowned at a squiggle of orange that marred the margin outside the neat lines on Tigger's tail. He wondered, not for the first time, why crayons didn't come with erasers. He had a set of markers years ago that worked with a special eraser. Surely there was a satisfactory emulgent for wax that was solid at room temperature and active on contact... Melamine foam wouldn't work, it would wreck the paper. And scrubbing over with the white crayon never worked.
What I meant to write about was a trip I was forced to take earlier in the month to attend a horridly boring dinner held in my honour, arranged by some shut-in dolt who by day lurks in the basement of St. Bart's and who thinks that I don't know he's part of Anderson's silly hat club.
What I want most right now is for Daddy to come home, though. It's taking too looooooooooong.
Sherlock tried to think of something to say that would get him back on track, on the path to stealing away to the back room with his spoils, but his brain was on the fritz after running itself in circles over unresolved worries. With a defeated huff he flipped the spoon between his first two fingers and his thumb, holding it properly despite his inclination to do otherwise, and dipped it into the invitingly warm orangey slop. His little mentality was humming just below the surface of his consciousness, craving John's praise, wanting to please Daddy. Sherlock was too fatigued to fight it.
The blanket became heavier, warmer over him, and then, after the sound of something rigid and possibly plastic settling into place overhead, the voices were muffled.
“Okay.” Sherlock wanted to beg John to stay with him, but knew that he wouldn’t be able to sleep with John in the room at this point. Maybe someday soon, once they were more comfortable in their new arrangement.
Off to brush my teeth, etcetera, now. Would be nice if we at least had coffee-flavoured toothpaste.
Obviously, the responsible thing for Martin to do would be to condition that naughty little someone to start actually using the potty when he needs to.
"Okay," Mary said softly. She held up her hands placatingly and started to step closer, ensuring she made no sudden moves.
John took the soiled burp cloth from Mary, who slid Sherlock into a different position so he could see out across the nursery.
"He couldn't see the point in living another six months if he was never going to see you again," she pressed. She got the feeling John wasn't letting himself look at that part of it anymore; had suspended putting Sherlock's behaviour into perspective.
"Ah. Okay." John held it close enough for Sherlock to latch on and asked, "Do you want it?"
John's eyebrows shot up. Sherlock still sounded Little, but had been so deep into headspace up until a moment ago that he'd been incapable of using his words. He must
he thought of his boy; a line from one of their more big-boy-time storybooks,
"Shhh, it's okay now. You just need to get better, alright? Daddy still loves you." John blushed even as he said it. He only ever said 'I love you' to Sherlock when the younger was regressed. The words didn't feel as weighty when he was saying them to his baby. But saying them with Mary in the room was quite another thing.
Sherlock's face darkened. He wasn't hungry and didn't want to eat. But he wasn't full, either. Yesterday and the day before had been no-food days, so eating today to appease John wouldn't be such a horrible thing.
"Sherlock, no!" Luckily, John was close - and quick - enough to catch him before any of it could spill over the seat.
"You, little mister," John muttered at Sherlock as he worked, "are getting a bath straight away."
Momentary paralysis from anxiety turned into basking in the heat generated by John's cooking. Distracted, Sherlock did not move.
He smoothed his fingers over Sherlock's cheek. Sherlock's face was blotchy and wet.
There was still hot water left in the kettle, thank goodness. Scrounging up milk, a sippy cup, and some cocoa, John quickly whipped together a slightly under-sweetened coffee substitute.
This might yet be the longest forty-five minutes of Sherlock's life.
"... warmed up at all? ..."
"Mmmmmmm," Sherlock complained, seeming to conciliate.
The dummy bobbing in his mouth, Sherlock now looked quite sleepy again.
into my diaper whilst recuperating last week, so I need to log off now to go practise some behaviour modification by way of a hard-bound chemistry text to the back of John's head. 'Accidentally' as I pass by, of course.
Fighting back a tear that threatened to spill, Sherlock looked up at his Daddy who wasn't there, smiled back, and bounced on his bum in the water, reaching for Daddy to let him know he was ready to be washed.
John's eyes followed the direction of Sherlock's nod for an instant, then settled back on Sherlock with an inscrutable cast to them.
When he finally glanced up, John was thoroughly abashed.
And he needed to fill a bottle.
John rubbed Sherlock's belly to soothe him. The action, seeing his hand there, the attention drawn to Sherlock's middle, made him realise something.
"I just did," John pointed out with a nervous puff of a laugh. He half-smiled down at the dish towel. "It's... kind of nice, actually. You usually put up such a fight when I try to help you with anything."
"Must not have been paying attention," he excused for himself.
Tell me, where is Mycroft, for I much desire to speak with him? (Or would it be 'where is Gladstone' and 'A Balrog of Mycroft'?)
Readers, consider yourselves blessed by the Christmas Cabbage Faerie. And remember, don't spurn the blessing of the CCF or you'll be short one gift on Boxing Day. Daddies may thusly consider themselves retroactively warned.
As they disappeared into Sherlock's room, Mary smiled at hearing John praise Sherlock for making it all the way on his own.
"Sherlock? How are you feeling?"
defrost during my naptime, and I even took the precaution of covering the plate with the fancy glass serving lid thing, but when I woke up and Daddy was going to help me make my sammich (John thinks it's cute when I pronounce it like that aloud), there were bazillions of new fruit flies inside the lid, crawling all over my bread.
Sherlock cupped his hands and made some wafting, shooing motions over the tiny toad, urging it in whispers, "Go on! You don't want someone to step on you, baby toadie. Go! Go!"
Putting something that looked like ointment on the tip of his finger and allowing Sherlock to suckle it off, John dosed the baby with a mild sedative.
She tried to make her answering smile as reassuring as possible. She knew John would never have forgiven himself if he'd inadvertently trapped Sherlock in a painful position. The regressed detective had been strapped into the booster for a good fifteen minutes, at least.
That spurred John to his bedside, whispering in an effort to get Sherlock to match his volume, "Okay, okay. Good morning, baby. Let Daddy check your nappy, and then we'll get your breakfast, yeah?"
was so calm.
4b. It's a lot of fun to leave mouldy experiments about when Mycroft visits, because his mould allergy is much worse than mine.
It took both of them to strap a writhing Sherlock into the baby seat. The main fastener was in the back, where Sherlock couldn't reach it to release himself, and the weighted base more or less kept the whole thing from tipping over while the skinny detective wriggled and threw a tantrum.
"Why?" he challenged John to stall for more time to make his decision.
The detective was unresponsive. Clammy, too, despite the fleece bodysuit.
Sherlock frowned behind the kitchen microscope. "What? No."
This doesn't necessarily mean I forgot to get John a proper anniversary card.
Edit: Oh, and I forgot to mention the exploding potato. There, I mentioned it. I need to go sleep "something" off now. But not in my cot. I miss my cot.
As soon as all was ready, the cover was lifted off the cot, and unwelcome hands jarred Sherlock from his hazy sleep as his extra blanket was taken from him and the swaddling blanket beneath wrested open.
"Feels like it," Sherlock admitted, absently fidgeting under the blankets - an instinctual action to try and create friction heat inside the covers.
"Daddy will check and make sure the other bee is still on your romper, okay?" John promised. The other piece of Sherlock's new outfit was a pair of black overalls they shortened the legs of and sewed a bee applique to that matched the shirt. Sherlock did the sewing himself, and knowing him there was no way that bee would ever fall off. "You wear the shirt under that bee anyway, where no one can see it, so it's okay as long as the romper bee is there, right?"
Daddy made me throw out an entire Petri dish today because it moulded. I admit I wasn't intending for that particular one to mould. Daddy also wasn't happy to find out I haven't eaten since early yesterday morning, so we're getting takeaway tomorrow, probably Chinese, since Daddy says I put up the least fuss with takeaway food when I'm big and we haven't got any baby food in at the moment. Getting me into Little headspace at mealtime is John's 'secret weapon', but he can't use it if there's no food around. Hence my refusal to do the shopping for him during weeks like this.
Sherlock was jarred from something that wasn't definitively sleep by a hard, cracking knock at his door. The noise pierced his eardrums in a way he thought he learned not to let it.
"Baby needs to go wee-wee, hm?" the imaginary doppelganger of John whispered fondly into Sherlock's ear. Sherlock pretended this John was real.
If John decided he didn't want any part of Sherlock's second childhood, Sherlock knew he could go back to hiding it. He could keep it behind closed doors as he did for years already. He would just be much, much more disappointed and lonely than before.
5. Hiding mistletoe in my nappy is pointless because it didn't get me any extra kisses. It was just itchy, and Daddy made a yucked-out face when he found it.
"Could be," John agreed, peering at Sherlock's eyes and mentally taking note of the pupil dilation. "With everything he took, if he doesn't have the mother of all headaches right now, he will by tomorrow morning. And I can't give him any of the painkillers we've got here, after all that. Missus Hudson might hear more screaming later. His reactions when he's Little can be kind of involuntary."
The cot was engulfed in a fresh flurry of activity.
In the initial discussion with Mycroft, the question arose of whether insects are motivated to revenge. If so, anyone who frightened or injured a caterpillar would later be at risk of being attacked by the moth or butterfly it turned into, because the moth or butterfly would remember the incident suffered as a caterpillar.
Sherlock had just given John a big, nonverbal
Oh well, it would be gone at bathtime for sure. Daddy was thorough when he wanted to be.
"Yes," he answered groggily.
Crayoning briskly and methodically, Sherlock felt his mind clicking into gear and meeting the same resistance as it had all week. He wholeheartedly wanted to go back to being a baby right that instant, so his 'aging up' only topped out at maybe a seven-year-old level for now.
(Thy most recent violation hast been DELETED, thank you very much.)
. Not manic, not enthused as when intrigued, but plainly and simply happy.
Some of the neighbours set up their holiday decorations as early as end of October. Even John agreed seeing houses lit up that soon was disgusting.
Sherlock woke from sedation to find himself swaddled tightly in a large blanket.
Diapers worked best, except for the unfortunate fact that John couldn't always be at home when Sherlock needed a change. Sherlock having to change himself never left him in the best of moods, either, as it was a blatant reminder that Daddy wasn't around.
It was within the realm of possibility that Sherlock was simply imagining it, but it sounded an awful lot like John was dwelling on their run-in just as much as Sherlock was.
Sherlock barely remembered to gather up his bath things. In his room, he set everything on a clean hand towel to dry and slung the wrung-out washcloth over the radiator.
The box of wipes and the tin of nappy cream were still on the bed.  The baby wasn't.
Sherlock cut to the chase, groaning from the floor, "It's only been a week, John! Can't a man stay where there's peace and quiet?"
... Well, no, you know me; I have plenty more to say on the matter. My blog, my ranting space.
By the refrigerator rules set down by John and Mrs. Hudson, all the Petri dishes stored in there needed their lids on, but a 'covered' one meant the experiment required a completely airtight seal for storage, so cling film would additionally go under the lid.
The narrative on this chapter is a mix of what was written last year and what I filled in just last night to make it postable, so there may be some pacing discrepancies since I haven't gone over and reread it. The next update may take me a bit longer because I now have to fill in at least one entire chapter from scratch to connect this to the next scene I have down.
Daddy put the stick back down on an instrument tray and dipped two gloved fingers into the open pot of lubricating jelly beside it. Then Daddy pulled Sherlock's legs wider apart, reached between, and ran his fingers around Sherlock's hole. Daddy smeared the cold gel around, and then inside.
I'm sure she doesn't know how to do that, but, if by some stroke of crappy Christmas luck she does manage it... well, I've spent days at a time naked in a basement in Serbia in the winter. A chilly flat is nothing, especially when it's my pride at stake. Sherlock Holmes in fuzzy footie pyjamas is a sight reserved for John and John alone.
John was ready to just whip the chair out from under him and drag him to the bathroom when he thought of something else.
The event being officially sponsored by Bart's, they sent along a representative who, via some string pulling on John and Stamford's part, ended up being Molly Hooper.
Part of the reason for that would also be the cleaning solution incidents I referred to last time. I prefer to hit insectoid trespassers with something long-range, and the pH of the shower cleaner is especially effective for blinding spiders. The foaming cleaner works the best, since the foam completely traps the bugs and makes movement more obvious for visual tracking.
Sherlock looked at the dropper, scowled, and turned away again.
Had Sherlock really...? He'd never lacked the presence of mind before so as to do
"Come on, baby," John muttered, "don't scare Daddy like this."
, Sherlock's mind said to itself, rambling at half-speed in a bleary, emotional attempt to rationalise against the overwhelming urge to cry,
The shaking stopped. Martin thought he saw Ben's legs shift in a way that meant he was pressing his thighs together, tightly.
Pretty soon, Sherlock found himself in their bed, still in his dungarees, drifting in and out of sleep. He wiggled his toes, noting that Daddy had removed his shoes and socks. He could also hear Daddy nearby, in the room for just a few minutes to put away some freshly laundered clothes, from the sound of it.
John hadn't really found out about it until they'd started with the age-play, so he wasn't entirely sure it wasn't simply a defiant act stemming from Sherlock's regressed side.
"Shut. up."
Choking on his tears, Sherlock slowly sat up and stripped down to his underthings. He already reeked of anxiety, of nerve-wracked perspiration. Clad in only the plain white basics, he snuggled under the bedcovers and worked out his frustration on his pacifier. He settled in for the duration; he knew he was too worn out to be 'big' again today.
Sherlock wanted to know what it was like to be an only child with a doting Daddy who genuinely enjoyed spending time with him. Not an alcoholic-workaholic Daddy who only stepped in when Mummy needed help enforcing her discipline.
"Trousers down, please," John said.
Even though there was something of a speech attempted, it was easy to tell the overperspirating orator had been hard-pressed to find enough flattering things to say about me to fill the entire four and a half minutes. Good thing he had his cuecards with him, or the speech might have stretched past the five minute mark on account of all the 'hms' and 'ums'.
Re-dressing him managed to jostle Sherlock awake a couple of times, but he never kept his eyes open for more than a moment.
I finished the leftovers this morning, so I should cease to be a Christmas Cabbage Faerie by Wednesday. Human digestion averages seventy-two hours from start to finish.
"... That last show, you mean?" John asked, "Or all of them?"
The thumb in his mouth probably wasn't helping. He pulled it out and considered it, then unlocked his door, closing it again behind him, and slipped into the bathroom to wash his hands.
"Are we all done?" Martin, Daddy, asked.
"Good boy," Martin stood back to let him up, and grabbed a baby wipe to clean him off with. Then, he encouraged his Little one, "Go put a sticker on your chart!"
John's eyes went wide, slightly horrified.
"You did what, now?" John asked with trepidation, walking in and examining the window. It looked suspiciously fine, untouched.
So, this fic is kind of on hold until I get the hosting issue fixed and all the previous links replaced. Once the photo problem is taken care of, I will be replacing this note with a real chapter.
He listened to John finish washing up, feeling a twinge of guilt for leaving John to do the work. Leaving dirty dishes was yet another reason Sherlock disliked eating. If John was ever his Daddy, there would be bottles and pacifiers and soft-tipped spoons to wash... possibly on an almost daily basis, depending on how often John fed him. Even if Sherlock insisted on only having water on some days, that would be taken from a bottle, and by the end of the day even that would need to be cleaned.
John laughed wryly. "With Sherlock, that's usually the
I gather Molly drew some parallel between my usage and what she perceives should be guilt over how much of a brat I've been lately, probably, compounded by lack of attention from John, who's been taking both extra hours at work and more social time. In any case, her hypothesis calmed John considerably and I avoided a spanking.
Your comments keep me going.
He took his time leisurely and watched Sherlock skip all the way to the sunny swinging spot. Sometimes Sherlock began swinging without him, but this time Sherlock sat bouncing his bum in the plastic blue swing until John arrived and gave him a few good, strong pushes.
John steeled himself and spat it out, knowing there could be no 'never-minds' once Mycroft had an inkling something was up at 221B, "Do you know of any reason Sherlock would have an aversion to using the toilet? I mean, just peeing in it like a normal person. God, I know that sounds... It's not like he's--"
"... No," Sherlock said in a small voice.
The dam was sealed so very tight. The words were buried so very deep, no amount of clawing upward seemed it would free them.
(See the end of the chapter for
After John dried his hands, he fished a box of plasters out of a supply cabinet and selected a charming Winnie the Pooh themed one to stick over Sherlock's sore bellybutton.
"Mm?" Sherlock grunted, his lip wobbling, wide eyes searching John's.
A dumb grin spread on Sherlock's face at the thought of Daddy being home with him. Even from a different room, Sherlock felt John's relaxed presence like a warm blanket. He could picture John seated at one end of the sofa, elbow on the armrest and leaning the side of his head on the palm of his fist while he watched telly, and wearing that bare hint of a smile that sometimes crept up on him when he got really into it.
The End.
Almost before John had come back around to the side of the booster, there was a wretched, wet retching sound, and Sherlock's bib was half-covered in watery vomit.
And yet, when Sherlock was Little, it was as if a pinhole of light promised there was a way to reach the surface. But someone had to be waiting up there to meet him, or the journey was futile. He needed John.
He bent over his book again and finished colouring in the bees floating above Pooh Bear's head,  pressing the crayon a little more firmly than before.
Sherlock had picked out the knee-highs instead of the mid-calf version, because they had more bees and more honeycombs on them.
Very groggy, he struggled not to slip right under again. He could not muster the strength yet to open his eyes, and only perceived the general brightness of the room, the chilly air around his face smelling faintly of antiseptic and lavender, and soft voices barely on the edge of his hearing.
There was a wibble of lips, misting of eyes, and then Sherlock threw himself face down on the rug at John's feet and stayed there.
I sent a mass text complaining about it and discovered Lestrade is nauseatingly fond of
"It wasn't done properly when he was delivered," the doctor concluded. He asked Mary to hand him one of the instruments lying out of Sherlock's sightline.
Mary took in what John was trying to say and folded her arms.
John nodded. "Best for everyone involved, that way. Besides, last time he climbed out the bloody window. At least here, he's more likely to hide in the downstairs linen cupboard." He tried to smile through the grim set to his lips.
Sensing this was especially important, Sherlock struggled to force his headspace forward enough to be able to use words for Daddy.
Not wanting to say,
The only sign Sherlock felt at all uncomfortable with the touch was him sucking on the tip of one of his scratch mitts. If he was too upset, he would have begun squirming and trying to get away from John's stethoscope.
Sherlock barely stirred until he heard the stand with the electrocardiograph roll across the floor to the cot.
Daddy and Mary knew Sherlock's body was marred, and their knowing made the entire room feel yucky, in a vaguely chilly and sticky sort of way that made Sherlock wonder if they might be mad or disappointed with him. He was aware of their concern over him, but was it good? Was it bad? Did they think his back had something to do with the bad drugs he took today? He felt as though he'd done something wrong, something he wasn't sure of but that he was being judged for.
I deserve at least one addiction, though. It's been so long since John let me smoke that last week I had a dream that I was having a cigarette. I could almost taste it when I woke up.
I cooked for myself yesterday. Daddy was proud of me, especially since I voluntarily ate vegetables, but he soon realised the catch-twenty-two was that my perspiration now smells strongly of sulphur, courtesy a hearty amount of cabbage and onion. I bet Daddy's going to add extra salts to the bath to absorb the odour.
Sherlock's agitation increased with each passing second. As soon as the click of the rear buckle opening could be heard and the straps went slack, Mary helpfully reached over to unhook the simpler closures in the front and gently pushed the straps aside.
"Fantastic," John marvelled as if to the room itself, as he stood with the nearly empty dishes, "you finished just about all of it."
"Well, no." John sat back, wracking his brains for the identity of his mysterious closeted infantilist acquaintance. He grilled Sherlock, "Is it someone I work with?"
"Thank you, luv. If you need me, I'll be right here." She blew him a kiss, and picked an old periodical from atop a stack inside the box tucked under the coffee table.
Going with the line of consumption and food, Mummy Molly explained to me recently that crisps don't count as vegetables because the way they're cooked gives them more bad nutrition than good nutrition, and that's why people say they have 'no' nutrition even though the Nutrition labels have positive integers on them. Mummy also got me to try brussel sprouts. Those are surprisingly good, both raw and steamed. They taste like baby cabbages, but they don't have anywhere near the same faerie power as big cabbage, which is disappointing. It makes calling myself the Brussel Sprout Faerie very anticlimactic. Of course, Daddy's happy with that. He would be.
Balling it up tightly and stuffing it in the small bedroom trash bin, he remarked, "Looks like you were holding it for a long time. Again. Love, you know you're not supposed to. Why didn't you wake me up sooner to use the potty?"
John's Sixth Cents
PSA/Disclaimer: Commercial baby oil and other products containing the petroleum-based ingredient "mineral oil" are no longer recommended for direct use on skin, even for adults. Non-toxic alternatives can be home-crafted by adding small amounts of essential oil (such as lavender) to organic food-quality oils like olive, safflower, or coconut. Do not use peppermint oil on actual babies, as the tingling it creates can mimic a burning sensation if too strongly concentrated.
Sherlock wondered if his recent cravings for affection might not have sprouted had he not been stupid enough to live in such close quarters with someone, and, at that, someone who grew up with it; with steady affection. John's demeanour, his very bearing, spoke of an easygoing confidence that seemed to correlate with, as Sherlock had come to discern, at least one solid, consistent relationship with a demonstratively affectionate adult through developmental years. The only way Sherlock could think of the contrast between them was in those removed, analytical terms; if it were to sound any more personal, he could not bear it.
"Good to have that out, right?" Daddy commented as he rolled up the IV tubing and cleared away the pole it hung from, seeming oblivious to what Sherlock's poor, overwrought body was going through.
If you have a heart, vote for Gary Johnson.
"Can I eat in my room?"
He found he was dreading trying to deal with her right now. He almost wanted to barricade himself in the bedroom with Sherlock and... well, never leaving the room ever again was a bit extreme.
It must not have worked, because the back of Sherlock's scalp prickled and it felt as though an echo of his anxiety reflected back to him off of John.
I was firmly in my Little headspace when one of my upper back teeth eventually cracked, so I was regrettably not in a frame of mind to be able to voice to John what was wrong. It can be frustrating to have a considerable problem like that occur while Little and to have to deal with Daddy being slow on the uptake.
John averted the lamp's head so the room dimmed just a smidge, but left it switched on for its warmth.
They'd be needing a babysitter for sure this week.
"Hm, let's see if we can do the other side without turning you around," Mary said when it came time to switch breasts. They managed to make it work comfortably, and some time later Mary felt Sherlock had finished all there was.
Using a teaspoon, John transferred two scant sips of his own brew into Sherlock's hot chocolate.
He tried too to ignore the frequently nagging thought that it was unwise and unhealthy to keep imagining John as his caretaker. He ignored it because he knew all too well that if Daddy-John was what he conjured up when he was little, it was because that was what he needed, deep down, to see.
"Sorry, I thought you'd done this before," she poked.
Biting his lip tersely, Sherlock huffed through his nose and frowned down at the toad, seeming insulted that the toad might be afraid of him. After a long moment to think, he gave the toad one good scoot with the stick, waited, and, when the toad didn't dare move, set the stick down in a nook amongst the stump's roots and drew back a bit to watch.
"What happened there?"
Sherlock's eyes were still red rimmed and achey despite his nap, a backup of tears unable to drain away while his eyes were shut. He scooted next to the bed, rested his shoulders on the side, and rested his eyes while he tried to calm down and not think about guessing what John was thinking.
He'd said similar things to Sherlock before, and plenty often in their near-year together as flatmates. There was no underlying 'I know what you are' in John's voice, just sheer exasperation with an ounce of resignation.
After couple slow, soothing minutes of Brahms, without warning John removed the IV from Sherlock's tummy.
Unable to roll onto his front for all the devices attached to him and the narrowness of the cot, Sherlock relaxed as best he could into the rhythms of the machinery surrounding him and dropped into a light doze.
John clucked his tongue and started carefully ripping the sides of Sherlock's pull-up open. "You've had to go for a really long time, haven't you."
Reaching after it, Sherlock was about to start fussing when Mary took hold of his chin and turned him to face her chest. The nipple of her right breast grazed the corner of his lips. She held him there, trying to coax him to latch on and drink.
Overcome with sensation, Sherlock groaned. It felt like an electric charge had entered him through his navel and shot down into his diaper. He was squirming, gasping, and before he knew it he had lost control and was peeing into his nappy.
Martin almost fell asleep again in the stretch of silence that followed, nearly falling back off his elbows. He caught himself as he started to fall, the alarming sensation of loss of balance startling him fully out of his doze.
While Ben groaned and slowly slid out of bed, Martin crawled up to the corner on his side and fumbled until he found the bedside lamp.
There was Gruyere too, but I eated it. >:3
Patting the front of the diaper and sitting on the bed beside Sherlock, John quipped, "So, what is it you've got against the toilet, hm? What did it ever do to you?"
After a couple minutes, Sherlock still hadn't woken but his breathing remained steady. John lowered Sherlock's legs and quickly unzipped the pyjamas, stripping him down to his nappy.
"Good..." John noted, then stroked his index finger against one of Sherlock's palms.
I left the hiding place I mentioned previously at a later time than I intended to, due to the necessity of a long nap, and John spotted me on the street on his way home from work. Despite neither of us being impaired as far as walking went, he forced me to get into a cab for the end of the trip back to Baker Street.
Daddy and Mummy Molly must have discussed more than simply babysitting, though, because they were on the phone for a long time. And, when Daddy came back to let me out of my room, he wasn't seething anymore.
Sherlock sucked on his thumb and frowned at the confusing words.
"Right..." John sighed hopelessly and rubbed Sherlock's back.
Finally, the doctor gave one loud clap and said with a little extra volume, "Come to the table and eat, Sherlock."
"Oh, I think I used everything I had downstairs, but thank you," Mrs. Hudson answered with a smile.
"There's a good boy. Daddy made you your own coffee, see?"
He clicked the telly off and set the remote down. He looked as though he was about to rise and head to bed himself, but instead he stopped and stared as Sherlock suddenly sprang into a flurry of action shaking out his rucked up dressing gown and groping desperately inside the pockets.
John hesitated, then waved her downstairs again. "Yeah, well, I'll shout if I need you, how's that."
John wouldn't admit to an ulterior motive of trying to wean me off coffee by way of negative reinforcement, but I'm convinced.
Sherlock swallowed around the lump in his throat, willing it to go down.
7:22 pm
John piped up again. This time, Sherlock saw the question coming.
Usually.
John smiled down at him sympathetically when Sherlock tried to open his eyes just a crack. They slipped shut again and Sherlock gave an unhappy moan, another shiver wracking through him. They'd left him wearing nothing but his nappy and a hospital ID band around one skinny ankle.
"Up, baby."
Mary returned and interceded by forcibly freeing Sherlock's thumb from his mouth and coaxing him to take a freshly sterilised, standard hospital issue dummy instead.
Unable to shut his eyes against the impending dawn, a mortified Sherlock slowly drew his pillow over his head.
, John thought at Sherlock.
With a long-suffering sigh, John groaned, "Sherlock, what did I tell you about biscuits? Have you had anything else today?"
So here he was now in the 'clinic's' recently assembled paediatric ward, reclined on a fleece-lined support wedge inside a sturdy, metallic medical cot, weak with an honest to goodness fever and being tended to by his wonderful Daddy who also happened to be a medical doctor.
... I just asked Daddy about that. He said Mummy also reported I didn't want to wear my clothes in the hotel room at first, but then the temperature dropped drastically the second day we were there and I let her keep me dressed after that.
John tried, "I saw some old boo-boos on your back. Do they still hurt at all? You don't need to stay in the booster if it's hurting you."
Sherlock returned wearing clean underwear, sweatpants, and his dressing gown, looking no different from last night. Before anyone could say anything, Sherlock headed for the pantry cupboard to look for a bottle of juice he remembered seeing a couple of weeks ago.
Cereal in hand, Sherlock shot John a more pointed look. John coughed in a poor attempt to cover his embarrassment.
to cry it out.
I'm sure he placed at least two calls, one to Mycroft and one to Molly. The first is a given, and the second was likely in order to set up babysitting for Tuesday while Daddy was at work.
"Good boy."
- I made a habit of watching videos of ghost stories before bed, which was not a good idea to do consistently because I wound up regressing while watching some of them and then needed the night light on. Still couldn't fall asleep, messed up my sleep schedule, and was nocturnal for about a week and a half.
What else... I have a couple of pram toys attached to the bars of my cot now. There's a baby music box I know I had during my first childhood that I would like to find again to put in the cot too. And perhaps a mobile would be nice. And one of those A-frame toy bars for the floor, that I can lie under... I have a wishlist, and that's just the beginning. What I don't have is enough physical space for everything I want, so Daddy gets to deliberate what wishlist items I'll eventually have.
"Yes!"
He listened silently to Baby's heartbeat, then lungs. It was futile to ask Sherlock to take deep breaths or cough for the stethoscope, as he was too 'small' right now to follow directions.
Focussing his breath in a calming pattern, Sherlock reminded himself that if John had any prior inkling Sherlock was an adult baby, Sherlock would have cottoned on to him by now. Thus far, John was only concerned that Sherlock was secluding himself a touch more than usual. Everything else this week was business as normal, only with a healthier degree of sympathy from John.
Do you think Sherlock will be able to keep his promise?
On an equally happy note, neither Mycroft nor Mummy has called recently. Last I heard, Mycroft agreed to visit our parents for Christmas. Ergo, I am most definitely not doing the same.
Still... that was mine.
Daddy came back from the shop this afternoon with crackers so that I won't have the runs for a while. And I used up the last of the spiked agave syrup this morning, so my next coffee shouldn't have any magnesium sulphate in it. Even if John were cunning enough to use a syringe, any tampering will be evident because I haven't pulled the inner foil seal off the new bottle.
"It's okay, shh..." Experimentally, John rubbed the back of Sherlock's neck, trying to soothe him. He spoke into Sherlock's ear, hoping his gentle tone would calm Sherlock down. "So you told me last night you like to regress, and you say it's easier to accept my help when you're like this. Do you want my help in the future?"
The pull-ups were John's alternative. Sherlock was willing to try at first, but still hadn't warmed up to the idea that pull-ups meant he still had to use the toilet. Given Sherlock's resistance, John counted himself lucky he hadn't yet needed to clean up a completely soaked pull-up.
"Sherlock! Good morning." John's brow furrowed as he gave Sherlock a once-over. He tried to temper his expression and suggested lightly, "Go put some clothes on, okay?"
He flicked his gaze to Sherlock's face to check whether the discussion was affecting him. Sherlock appeared to be tuning it out, or at least stifling any reaction; focussed on finishing his water like a good boy.
Then a frown crossed John's face. He studied Sherlock, trying to read him.
I think Daddy's going to give me a long bath tonight.
"I..." Sherlock's mind stuttered, unable to handle having come to the turning point. Surely this would be where it all fell apart, dooming him to be left with naught but his dreams.
And, to add insult to injury, eating a full meal so soon before bedtime landed me with a cruelly and unusually extended bout of the hiccups. Daddy was so focussed keeping an eye on my broken tooth that he neglected to burp me before bed and let me suffer for nearly two hours past bedtime.
"No, wait; one of the blokes at the Yard? I mean, I wouldn't think any less of them for it, but that's, um, quite a secret to keep. In that environment, and all."
Unless they float. Sometimes surface tension happens.
He heard John shift his weight, could nearly hear him frowning. "Are you sure? I didn't see you come out and get anything."
In other news, Mrs. Hudson encountered one of my footed sleepers in the wash by mistake, and now she won't shut up about it. She's threatened to cut off the heating to our flat just to see me wear it.
Martin woke to the bed shaking.
Mycroft also visited Sunday morning because of John's call after I came back home the evening before. He used the news as a last-minute excuse not to see our parents for Easter. I don't blame him, but he could have given them that excuse and then
"What," Sherlock huffed around the unlit cigarette in his mouth, "what did you
There was indeed another toad, and this time much bigger. It must have been its obvious adult status that made Sherlock more confident about interacting with this one. He nudged the end of his stick at the toad's legs, and behind it, trying to get it to hop.
"Come on," Martin prompted.
My internet is still limited and no new writing PC yet, so other stories are still on hold. I'll try to keep updating this fic in the meantime. It's easy enough since I keep the chapters so short. But the other stories with the longer chapters are going to have to wait until I can use a keyboard that has all its keys.
He cleared his throat and said, stony as ever, "I'm fine, thank you."
, he'd give in.
"Very good, baby. Now come over here."
Daddy summed up the whole sordid fortnight as 'tummy troubles,' but it was a bit more than that.
"You are not an Indian ascetic. Get up and go potty."
Emotions were difficult enough for Sherlock under normal circumstances. Right now was much, much worse. His already taxed body began to tremble again.
Unexpectedly coming at her patient's head again, Mary efficiently secured an oxygen mask over Sherlock's nose and mouth despite the baby's initial fussing. She turned his head each way to fix the straps so that he could not dislodge it.
If Sherlock weren't so angry at himself for thinking it, and angry at himself for being right, and angry with himself for being wrong at the same time, he might have started crying again.
His quip that if I lost another half a stone he'd be able to carry me around like a real baby wasn't the most convincing reason to stop drinking it, but then... cramps.
" Sherlock keened, pawing at Daddy's sleeve.
John worked for the next four days in a row.
"... I..." Whatever Mary's first instinct was to answer with, she wavered.
John pressed closer to the door to be heard. "D'you think you might be up to going out tonight? We could hit a pub or two, or whatever you'd like."
"Don't know. Nevermind." On the verge of blushing, John buried himself in the news articles again. Or tried to.
Touching Sherlock's belly, or especially his navel, was arousing to him, and the sensation was sometimes enough to embarrass him into his Big headspace. He seemed to be feeling too drained this time, however, for it to make a difference.
"Aw. Put two on and make a li'l X-marks-the-spot," Mary said. "It'll be cute."
His eyes lighting up with satisfaction at being understood, Sherlock nodded and agreed happily, "Put!"
Halfway through, Sherlock flinched at the sound of Mary shutting a cupboard out in the kitchen.
It was dangerous, he did have to admit. Using the idea of John to help himself feel comfortable during regression was bound to make him more likely to slip unintentionally in John's presence. It was an inevitability Sherlock struggled to come to terms with from the beginning. Today, however, was a simple mishap. He didn't know John was still at home, or wasn't still tucked upstairs engrossed in a novel.
Despite himself, he did fall asleep very soon.
He needed John enough that he would trust, against every instinct he'd cultivated to the contrary, that John would stay true to his word and would be there for him.
"Did you eat anything today?"
Despairing, Sherlock reflected yet again on how impossibly unfair it would be to ask John to accept all the tasks involved in caring for a full-grown infant. Surely John wouldn't want to brush Sherlock's teeth or change his diapers, either. No bathing, no dressing him, no reminding him when it was time to clean up his toys or putting him to bed. Certainly no weathering Sherlock's unsightly crying fits with cuddles and soft reassurances for the future. He would be nothing but a burden on John.
John had some Googling to do.
John, I did see that smug smirk when you caught me looking a bit green as we passed the Hobnobs at the shop yesterday. I'm very observant, remember. I'll change your laptop password back after I get an apology.
But John wasn't Mummy, and Sherlock found such ridiculous relief in being able to walk away.
Her hands suddenly on his face to steady both her motions and his head, Mary startled Sherlock with cold eyedrops quickly dropped into his eyes without warning. He flinched in her grip, panicky, but it was over in a second. She was done before Sherlock knew what hit him, and just like that left him blinking and wincing, distressed until the pools of extra moisture blinding him were absorbed.
Molly had to work today, so John's been Daddying me via text between his patients. I don't like having to mind my nappies on my own, but at least Daddy finally realised the training pants were frustrating me because lately I've really been too Little for them.
John made a quick trip down the hall to throw the securely tied bag into the bin and to hand his peed-on shirts over to his sullen wife. The stains had seeped all the way down to his vest.
Sherlock pretended that Daddy stepped out for a bit to give him time to play. He splashed, reservedly since he was anxious not to be heard and discovered, and batted playfully at the smiling, bobbing duck. Next, an important marine expedition on the sailboat was cut short by a gargantuan yellow seabird, long thought extinct, emerging from the thick fog and cutting across the insignificant boat's prow, upsetting everything aboard. The crew panicked and abandoned ship, and the vessel went to the bottom with all its high-tech, state-of-the-art scientific gear. All with hushed sound effects.
He filled the tub with a scant couple inches of water, using a duck puppet flannel to sponge the water over Sherlock after he'd completely soaped him up with the baby shampoo.
Predictably, Sherlock immediately turned and disappeared into the kitchen. John heard a bit of rummaging around, then a drawer shutting far too forcefully not to chip paint, and then a long, suspicious silence.
Mary's finger was inside Sherlock's navel next, scrubbing disinfectant deep inside. It was cold and wet, but he couldn't smell the sharp alcohol through the oxygen mask.
come to the flat. Then everyone would have been happy.
Sherlock hummed a noise around his thumb that might have been in the affirmative.
Later, same day...
Sherlock next woke to gentle, warm fingers massaging over his eyebrows and temples. He was beginning to feel quite spoiled, consistently waking up to Daddy's touch. He had no sense of how long he'd been unconscious this time; he could have dozed for a number of hours, or mere seconds.
John heard a muffled moan that vaguely sounded like, "No medth'cin."
It felt... not exactly wrong, to have someone comfort him, but too good to be true.  Too good to last. This was a dream he would wake up from any moment now. Sherlock's shoulders shook harder. Finally he hyperventilated himself into a semi-numb semblance of calmness and quieted down.
I meant to type up this entry earlier, but work kept getting in the way - mine
"Okay, we can do Busytown," John told him. "Do you want the DVD or a story?"
I did get good-boy points for remembering to drink something today; I went nearly three days without water back in June, and it was not a fun experience. I don't think Daddy's entirely convinced that wasn't on purpose, but I honestly did just forget to drink anything since I wasn't eating anyway.
Sherlock pointed to the dirt, stone, root, and moss path under his colourful Velcro-closure shoes and said, "Frog, Daddy!"
Sherlock bit back a groan as he sat up on his elbows. A sinus headache was imminent.
The doctor quickly masked his surprise and said carefully, "Not unless you promise to let me in there with the vacuum cleaner tomorrow. Missus Hudson would be horrified by how long you've let it go." The ending punctuation was his cup being set on the table.
"Hey, look," John pointed ahead of them a second later, "I can see the road up there. We're not far from the swings now."
Starting to feel full, already used to baby-sized portions as he was, when it was all gone Sherlock cooed softly and rubbed his legs against the sheets in pleasure. He continued to lick at his lips until they didn't taste like veggies anymore.
He heard John putting things away and shutting off lamps out in the living room before coming back to the bedroom with a tepid glass of distilled water from one of the jugs Sherlock kept below the sink. John knew Sherlock would refuse tap water. Theirs tasted chalky.
They both grumbled in discomfort when the bright bulb lit the room.
John sighed heavily. He resumed eating. Curious, Sherlock turned bleary eyes on John and saw the doctor wearing a pensive look as he chewed.
Sherlock chewed his lip and worried his fingers around each other, thinking back to remember what he ingested. "I had water."
"There's a good boy." Tenderly, John removed the damp cloth and brushed the thick, curly fringe from Sherlock's forehead.
It was a trifle awkward at first to let myself fall into my Little mindset around Molly, just as it was at first with John, but I think she and I are both more comfortable with it now. The turning point for both of us might have been when she caught a cold on our final morning at the hotel.
Still drowsy, Sherlock only managed to watch some of the goings-on from beneath his heavy eyelids. He was awake enough now to feel anything done to him, but not with-it enough to protest as Dr. Watson's hand went straight for his diaper first thing, feeling around and crinkling the material to check if Sherlock had urinated. He hadn't.
In fact, Daddy was surprisingly tender with me for the rest of the day, so I can't complain. He didn't even try to make me eat a meal, and let me get away with just crackers and tea.
Little Sherlock, sucking on his finger and looking at the lonely decorations in the bag, got an idea. He could string the lights up in his room, and even set up the small tree in there! Then those unwanted things wouldn't have to spend the holidays up the the cold, dark attic while all the rest of it was down here in the cheery warmth of the flat! The attic was a sad place to spend Christmas.
Turning serious again, Mary pointed out, "I think you're right about him sleeping a lot. He probably will. He was trying to sedate himself to never wake up again, wasn't he."
She carefully nudged her pinkie finger inside the corner of his mouth to break the seal he had on her breast. He unlatched looking pleased and sated, dribbles of milk all around his lips.
Right now this is where the continuous part ends, though I have twice as much written down for later on in the story. I shall be writing the connecting scenes and will hopefully have more to post soon! Let me know what you think of this so far!
Bright light woke him. A rush of fresh air as the incubator opened, and then warm fingers on his wrist took his pulse.
This is the Big Unavoidable Super-Awkward Chapter Of Revelation, and in the process of writing I was rather "gahhhh, I just want to get this overwith and reach the real h/c and fluff..." So my initial plan to have the entire reveal!discussion take place rationally and all within the TV night scene went right out the window as I powered through it and my inner Sherlock muse wound up reacting as you're about to read. Basically, my original plan was so drawn-out and suspenseful even I couldn't take it. So you guys were spared. A bit. Unfortunately, the written version is angstier than the suspenseful one I had in my head.
http://babywolverine.deviantart.com/art/Improvised-AB-Crib-View-2-of-4-594149046
"Mnooo," Benedict whined under his breath. He fidgeted with his foot again, unable to help it.
"Hi, Sherlock," John greeted him, bemusement audible.
"Good boy," John remarked when it was overwith.
(See the end of the chapter for
Molly texted a few days ago that she wants to have a phone chat sometime, so I responded to her today. I really haven't been in the mood, I suppose, so I let her know that I'd let her know.
John picked his way back down to Sherlock and peered down. Sherlock squatted to helpfully point closer to his frog.
Sherlock baited him with another calculated shrug. "Would it be a bad thing?"
"Mmm?" Sherlock grunted weakly at John when they made eye contact. Sherlock tried to reach up for him, but didn't succeed in lifting his arm any higher than the side of the cot. His fingers caught onto it, desperately at first, then opened and closed around the edge repeatedly in curious, if lethargic, exploration.
I'm tired of being grown-up right now, so I'm going to end this entry and go play in my room until Daddy comes home.
Sherlock bumped a clumsy hand into his oxygen mask, apparently attempting to suck his thumb for comfort. Mary caught his wrist and deterred him before he had the chance to frustrate himself carrying on that futility.
"Either go in your nappy, or get up and use the potty," Martin ordered him a little more forcefully.
Anyway, back to the main points. I'm learning things about Molly I hadn't bothered to notice before, and she's now one of a very select few (two, to be exact) who get to see me when I'm not in a position to be as observant or 'noticing' as I normally am.
"Oh, come on, what? You're not supposed to have those in the flat anyway. What was I
"Dunno," Benedict whispered guiltily, staring at the carpet, before popping his thumb in his mouth for comfort. He knew Daddy wasn't
Machinery, monitors, and instrument trays were ready and in place near the cot. Though the room had softly coloured, nursery-appropriate wallpaper and some more homey furnishings, there was no mistaking its primary use as a medical facility. Even the cot betrayed a colder, more clinical functionality with its wheeled metal base, and six-inch-high plexiglass rim all around the sides to keep the precious patient safely inside.
After a minute, Daddy approached the cot holding a medicine dropper full of well-diluted garlicky, herb-infused vinegar.
John's tone went from firm sternness to audibly clenched teeth. "No,
"But I wasn't going to eat him," Sherlock defended himself petulantly. "And the baby one wasn't scared! I didn't hurt either of them."
When the zucchini and banana was about half gone, John squeezed the end of the pouch to make sure Sherlock could get to the last of it.
should already know oedema is a blood problem.
John, unfortunately, refused to take off work to come to the dinner. Which was just as well, because there was a small flub in the hotel reservations that meant all three of us would have been made to cram ourselves into the same bed.
Little Sherlock was startled awake by the sound of the tapes on his diaper being peeled off, then a draught licked him between the legs as Daddy opened the diaper.
Daddy patted Sherlock's tummy and told him, "Get some rest now, baby."
"Funny; when he normally likes to be so stoic."
... Daddy's in a Mood tonight, so I can't stay up to type. I'll have to report on the cot's durability later, after I've slept in it. The window obviously failed its durability test. Daddy says it's probably going to get added on to our next rent payment.
Sherlock grunted and sleepily brushed the back of his hand over his face. Daddy knew he was resisting the urge to suck.
"Yes, 'Oh'," John mimicked as he took a sullen, unresisting Sherlock by the arm and led him down the hall. "And what happened to the alarm you were supposed to set on your phone?"
With a determined set to his mouth, John picked up a piece of Sherlock's bacon in his fingers and held it to Sherlock's lips.
He felt John's eyes on him occasionally. It was rare for Sherlock to keep his comments to himself, particularly during crime documentaries. John was certainly surprised not to hear so much as a huff nor a tut at the screen the entire time.
Sherlock's tongue felt swollen and clumsy. Fighting against it, and against the sickening way his nerves vibrated, he ignored John's question and quietly asked him, with a nod at the telly to elaborate, "What did you think?"
Sherlock managed two burps, then John eased him back down. Sherlock's skin still felt hot. John decided against putting Sherlock's booties on for his nap; if he cooled down while he was asleep, John would simply cover him with the thin blanket folded over the foot of the cot. It was a cute blanket that brightened up the room just being where it was, covered in tiny pastel bunnies.
When John undid the buckle behind the seat, Sherlock didn't bolt or struggle. He sat quietly, watching his Daddy with wide, puffy, wet eyes.
Not quite; there was a dribbly dot of yellow inside.
They had weighed him the previous afternoon, and compared his weight today with yesterday's vitals to make sure the number had not dropped.
It had been long enough since the last time John had been Daddy that he'd temporarily forgotten what a mistake it was to utter the B-word aloud. Sherlock's brow furrowed worriedly.
"Toad?" Sherlock echoed.
Sherlock finally lifted a hand to wipe at his eyes himself, and nodded with a pitifully grateful smile.
In a minute, the car was pulling slowly out of the park and they were on their way home.
Sherlock was quiet, trying to devise an excuse that would get him back out of the kitchen without any fuss from John. The last thing he needed was for John to watch him fumbling with the spoon like a two -year-old, never mind wearing his big yellow bib to catch the drips that sometimes happened when he ate regressed.
Sherlock, meanwhile, stayed curled up on the kitchen chair. He turned his head to the other side to watch John at the sink, his gaze still soft and distant.
Then, kissing Sherlock's forehead, he said, "My turn to wash up. Be good for ten minutes, alright, baby?"
"Did you try to go to the bathroom, Sherlock?" John asked him.
Dr. Watson double- and triple-checked the room's thermostat as he and Mary finished setting things up and changed clothes. They'd both had to roll up their sleeves in order to bathe a fully unconscious detective in the adjacent bathroom; now, Mary donned teal-green scrubs and John a white coat.
Daddy rolled his eyes and breathed a sigh of relief. At least that was over. He kissed Sherlock on the boy's perspiring forehead and pulled up the side of the cot, locking it shut. He then wound up a music box he'd brought from home and let it play while he set about cleaning up the things they'd used.
"So," Mary said, "I expect you'll want to handle him yourself; no hospitals."
Daddy took work this weekend in exchange for the rest of the week off after Monday, so we aren't exactly able to have a Little weekend. Daddy's promised we'll start first thing on Tuesday because, he says, I worried him with how clingy I was last night. I did fuss a bit after he came home yesterday.
The scepticism was plain in John's tight smile.
With a fretful expression, Sherlock reluctantly nodded. He felt so, so icky, he wasn't sure he would be ready for another bottle at any point today.
Sherlock met his eyes for only an instant before rolling over and burying his face in John's hip.
placed at the back of the pantry, even after I explained. Daddy says that if I want to restart that experiment, I have to do it outdoors. Unfortunately, insect-proofing a container to put outside would restrict airflow, and that'll skew the results. I'm not sure yet whether I want to bother doing it.
He set his pacifier safely on the nightstand and dozed in the dim room for a few hours, until a soft but persistent knock on his door woke him. The room was darker by then, the only light spilling around the curtain being from a streetlamp. He still felt little, as he expected he might. He struggled out of headspace as far as he could manage in case the offending knocker had it in their head to attempt conversation.
She woke with a headache that morning and told me it was especially throbbing near one of her eyes, so I did what Little-me felt was the natural thing to do, which was to wave my hands around the bed to chase away the ouchies so the ouchies would leave Mummy's head and eyeballs alone. Then Mummy said her cold wasn't that bad, that it was probably just an idiot allergy. So I checked under the bed, since that was the only dark place for an idiot to fit if they wanted to hide in our hotel room, but the mattress was on a solid-bottomed frame with no underneath space. As I told Mummy, there were no Anderson bunnies (the assumed derivative of dust bunnies) beneath the bed.
Except, this time, Sherlock's upset seemed genuine; not so much pretend.
John glanced at Mary. She'd raised her eyebrows at the sound too, covering her shocked gawping with her palm.
"Hm?" John turned around. "God, Sherlock, what--"
Though it was only midmorning, Sherlock could very well have done with another nap. But he wasn't used to being touched, especially not so tenderly, and the novel sensation kept him from falling asleep.
Had Sherlock been Big right then, he might have said,
"He's up," he sighed to Mary and hefted himself out of his cosy seat to go deal with the toddling terror.
He and Daddy locked eyes. Daddy smiled one of his most wonderful happy smiles, the kind where the corners of his eyes got all crinkly, and rested his palm flat on Sherlock's lower belly just above his nappy.
Subtle, slick squeaking. Thump of boots after removal. Still wet outdoors; dropped on coir mat to dry.
Embarrassed at how the ache inside his bellybutton was slowly turning into pleasure, Sherlock began to suck his thumb as a distraction.
And I
The top of the blanket got adjusted around Sherlock's head, completing his cosy cocoon. He stretched out inside it, feeling comforted by the tension in the blanket containing him. He felt... very safe.
John leaned back, rubbing Sherlock's belly, and tried to soothe him, "Okay, I know. You're finished now."
- Lastly, in the course of ensuring Mycroft wouldn't be persuaded to hack the image file in case John asked, I may have flung some insults which Daddy overheard. Included use of the word 'penises' quite loudly. I'm sure the looks on both our faces were amusing for whomever was monitoring the camera feeds that day. I love my Daddy because he is above such crude punishments as washing my mouth with soap. Though the five-day ban on telly isn't great either.
This chapter is pretty much fluff. Coincides with Chapter 1 of Sherlock's Little Blog.
(And, while Daddy's not reading over my shoulder: I am SO having a coffee in the morning. So there.)
John just made a rude joke about other things clenching before he retreated to his chair, referencing an instance of spontaneously farting the seventh through twelfth notes of the first bar in Peter's Theme from
Across the room, the electric bottle warmer beeped too to signal its cycle was over.
John rocked him and rubbed his back, and briefly snuck his hand up to Sherlock's forehead to check his temperature. In the space of time it took him to do that, Sherlock went entirely limp against him.
John tucked the blankets back up around Sherlock’s shoulders, and left him with wishes of sweet dreams.
Not reacting to Sherlock's tone, John enticed, "There are supposed to be a few documentaries on, and none of them overlapping, so you can see them each in full. I think the first one starts in about ten minutes."
Just one more chapter to this instalment, I think.  It may be a long time coming, as usual, since I'm still facing the tech issues, and now a lot of family stuff and long-term stress-related health issues to boot.
He patted Benedict's hip.
"Okay," John encouraged him, "go ahead, I'll be there in a minute."
Mary calmed him down again and cuddled him for a time, making sure to give him occasional brief, reassuring massages through the swaddling. Safe physical contact, extremely important for early infant development, was an integral part of Sherlock's care right now; without it, his ability to trust and accept care from others later in life might become compromised.
Somehow, even after witnessing Sherlock crying, John hadn't realised just how low Sherlock's defences were. But the point drove home now.
Ben took his thumb out of his mouth and nodded proudly, "Mm-hm!"
Ben chose a red dragster and, tongue stuck out in concentration, affixed it to an empty square. He hung the sticker page back on its push-pin and admired his work, cooing quietly, "Thsticker!" He clapped once and did an excited little dance, his exposed bits waving about under the hem of his nightshirt.
"Yes," John said in the direction of the mirror, "whenever you are."
Knowing Mary would take it better now, in this moment of shared grief over the battered little boy, John made himself give in to his paternal instinct and leaned down to kiss Sherlock on the forehead. He and Mary would both have to get used to John openly showing this level of affection. John needed it, and he was damn sure Sherlock needed it.
He sniffled and sighed around his 'nippy-nip', wondering if John might ever appreciate the effort he was putting into not imposing himself as a smoke-spewing tornado of loud, weepy, frustrated drunkenness out in the living room right now.
Mycroft cleared his throat and elaborated, "Quite the Pavlonian reason, indeed. I've heard our parents tell a particular story about his experience with... well, you know, potty-training as a child... I'm sure Sherlock's 'deleted' it consciously. Supposedly, while he was being taught to go standing, the toilet seat wasn't pushed back far enough and fell. He stood too close, and it caught him on the way down."
He told himself that no, he had best not. It would serve his case for retreat better the more pathetic he looked. John would be more amenable to letting him slink away to take dinner in bed if Sherlock appeared as worn out as he felt.
John started to smile at that, then groaned, "'Involuntary'. I nearly forgot."
http://babywolverine.deviantart.com/art/Improvised-AB-Crib-View-3-of-4-594149250
Sherlock's breathing sped up and his brow furrowed anxiously. Whatever they had planned for him, he didn't trust Mary nearly as much as he trusted Daddy.
I completely forgot to link this fic up to its recent companion work, "Extended Scenes from Sherlock's Little Blog". That's done now, so you can find it linked at the bottom here as the next story in the 'series', or listed among my other fics.
clients in this part of the world. Or, in Sherlock's case, for when she had a very good friend she felt she owed a favour.
Sherlock knew he had done plenty of things himself that did merit punishment, some of which Mycroft legitimately tattled on him for, but things had gotten well out of hand once Mycroft discovered that all he had to do was gaze up at Mummy silently with his perfectly feigned innocence to make her turn on Sherlock without a shred of doubt in her conviction.
"Yeah, sure. Do your trousers need to go in the wash? I can still throw them in."
Sherlock met John's gaze and watched the light from the screen flicker in multicolour across his face.
In case his condition didn't improve by the next day, they'd brought along a foul-smelling garlic concoction that Sherlock insisted on testing out in place of taking standard cold and flu medications. At any rate, John was glad the stuff was finally out of their pantry. He'd had to look at it grow cloudy and unappetising in its small glass jar beside the coffee tin for the past couple of months; not the most pleasing sight first thing in the morning.
going to tell me?"
The contented, smug smile on Sherlock's face was priceless.
Later that night, after John was undoubtedly asleep, Sherlock snuck to the bathroom with his arms full of illicit frivolities: a jumbo yellow rubber duckie, a blue and white toy boat with a rigid plastic sail, special natural-ingredients-only chamomile-lavender bubble bath, a bath pillow, calming herbal-scented body oil, and a colourful Winnie the Pooh washcloth.
' and refused to tell John until John - Daddy - had resorted to a slightly milder punishment.
Once she finally had his full attention, Sherlock searched around a bit, momentarily disoriented by his own rooting reflex, and found Mary's nipple.
Sherlock's breath hitched just briefly, but he managed to not start crying again. Instead, he bashfully averted his eyes, looking at John's hand feeding him the bottle as he drained his last few sips.
"He hid it well," John replied to the unspoken question,
He knew he wasn't as lovable or endearing, as cherubic or well-behaved in his mother's eyes as Mycroft was. Sherlock figured he did well to distance himself from her after she made that fateful slip and showed him where he stood. For all Mrs. Holmes claimed nowadays that Sherlock was too distant, that he was still her son, he knew better. She didn't want to see him, not as strongly as she claimed she did. She was content with keeping Mycroft close, just as she always was. Sherlock felt more like property than a family member. He was hers the same as her hairbrush was hers or her car was hers. She was possessive, not motherly.
Which, really, it rather did.
He dove forward and leaned one arm heavily into Sherlock's middle, pinning him to the potty. He had to get on his knees to keep his balance when Sherlock continued to push back.
Pressing Sherlock's pelvis to the bed with one hand and fishing for a fresh nappy from the package with the other, John groused, "I know, hang on. Just give me a minute, and you can roll anywhere you want."
Washing out the sippy cup and placing it to dry beside his RAMC mug, John smiled a little smile, thinking how adorable it was that Baby Sherlock was so keen to do everything his Daddy did.
Except it wasn't all that fine, Sherlock thought, because that was just too much work to fix what was wrong with something he didn't want to eat in the first place.
My New Year's resolution is to get a nude photo of Daddy on my phone.
" Sherlock repeated frustratedly, pointing.
A deflated little noise from the back of Sherlock's throat was all he got in response, then Sherlock's thumb was back in his mouth.
Like last time, I apologise if the narrative isn't up to par with the first three chapters. This entire chapter was hammered out in one solid blast session (just last night) and only edited briefly. I shall blame any and all typos on the booze, for it was involved.
Sniffling, Sherlock swallowed the drainage from his runny nose to clear his throat and opened his mouth obediently. John poked the nipple in, and Sherlock slowly worked down the last half of the water while the other two looked on.
Sherlock nodded again and ran to Daddy so he could seal the promise with a hug.
Sherlock was back in the booster seat, which had been adjusted so that it cradled him in a reclined position, and he was wearing an extremely childlike ensemble of baby blue tee shirt with a yellow terrycloth bib over it, exposed diaper, and pastel pink anklet socks. John sat beside the booster holding a baby bottle to Sherlock's lips, feeding him cool water.
I've two entire DVD sets of Busytown. I also enjoy the books because of the detail and 'how things work' elements in the illustrations. It's like reading two books at once.
"Oh, God," John muttered helplessly when he saw Sherlock's shoulders shake. Without stopping to think, he wrapped himself around the shuddering ball of detective in front of him, just hugging and letting Sherlock cry. If it worked the night before, hopefully it would work now. He couldn't help wondering, in an unobtrusive whisper, "Is it really this difficult for you?"
"... Four," Sherlock sighed, including the teething biscuits in his count.
baby, the one Mary was carrying, but to Sherlock.
He allowed himself the fleeting notion that he was having dinner with his Daddy, or at least with his very nice Uncle John who cared for him very much.
Roughly an hour later, Sherlock was on his back atop a small blanket on the floor, chewing lazily at a plastic ring of teething beads. With John nearby and nothing distracting taking place outside the monotonous drone of the telly, which was too garbled at this distance to be intelligible, Sherlock gradually slid deeper and deeper into headspace until he was the 'youngest' he felt all week.
Feeling dazed, Sherlock ripped open the chilly, damp cracker pack, fresh from the fridge, and crumbled the stale saltines into his soup.
Sherlock drifted back into sleep.
Nonverbal already. This was shaping up to be a hard drop.
"Fwidge," Sherlock mumbled around his thumb.
Not my fault! Daddy wasn't home when he said he'd be, and my cot needed to be ready for bedtime!
The Real Very End.
My mobile calendar says 2016. The texts I've received today say 2016.
I meant?"
"If I get Chinese takeaway, will you eat it?"
"Busytown when we get home?" Sherlock asked.
John sighed at him again, lamenting how much Sherlock must have beat himself up to reach this point. His gaze roved about the room in their silence, and an idea formed.
Sherlock felt John's hands slip away and took that as his cue to stand and leave.
Helpless but to smile reassuringly at his insecure boy, John slung an arm around his shoulders and rephrased, "You're a very good boy, my little Sherlock, and I love you very much."
Normally Mycroft is the one afflicted with hiccups because he just plain eats too much and cramps his diaphragm. I'm not used to experiencing the same myself, and it was not only annoying but humiliating. I've asked ('demanded,' John says... whatever...) John not let on to Mycroft or I'll lose the upper hand when it comes to mocking him about his.
"The bath's all ready, Sherlock," said Daddy gently with a smile. "Come here and let Daddy undress you!"
Sherlock watched in wide-eyed bemusement as Daddy put on tight, white gloves and smeared some unusual-looking jelly onto the pointier end of a squarish plastic stick.
(See the end of the chapter for
One good thing is the cot is holding up very well. The shattered window was worth it, no matter what John says. Unfortunately, I won't be sleeping in it tonight. I estimate it won't be safe to leave my hiding spot until mid-morning tomorrow.
cross with him, but he also knew he hadn't done a good job of obeying Daddy.
He said, "Hm, Baby seems a bit agitated. Maybe I should do it after all."
, springing to mind.
Sherlock sat back on his diapered bum and wiped pretend tears from his eyes. He hadn't quite worked himself up to crying yet, but had gotten close.
He said, "Alright, we can decorate your room
Sherlock was a smidge grumpier by the time John joined him on the sofa.
John watched the trees roll by until they reached the city. Still lying in his lap, Sherlock tried to stave off sleep for as long as possible by keeping occupied rubbing John's forearm.
"Daddy? Um... Need to go poopie."
A small part of him always wondered at how physical the manifestation of sadness was. All the better he avoided it.
It wasn't ten seconds before the baby decided his strop wasn't garnering enough attention and required added sound effects. Mournful noises rose from the floor.
The very air you breathe is a flufftastic fume riddled with talc, and baby lotion, and wipes.
It took an especially mighty tug to loose the thing. The force of it popping free knocked Mary onto her arse on the lino. Biting her lip to stop herself from cursing out loud at the absolutely rotten day this was turning out to be, she hefted herself and the booster seat up and hurried over to the living room.
John gave a soft, nervous chuckle. "Not that I'm aware."
John frowned thoughtfully. "Well, he's obviously too old to teethe... Huh. Maybe he wants his nippie."
It was a sharp sort of burn as the needle sank in, bypassing the protective barrier of Sherlock's skin and entering the closest vein to the surface with perfect aim. It penetrated what felt like the exact centre of Sherlock's bellybutton knot.
John gave another wide blink of disbelief and an incredulous-sounding exhale as he regarded Sherlock and the thing in his hand.
"Mary?" John called over his shoulder, "Cupboard under the kettle! Booster seat."
Not that Mycroft's timing is ever good, but it was exceptionally horrendous this last time. Daddy was in the middle of comforting me after a completely unexpected night terror that had to do with the drug-induced hallucinations I saw at Baskerville a few years ago. I've no idea why my mind had to vomit that back at me now, after all this time. Bloody inconvenient.
John continued to rub his back for a few minutes more, not drawing away until a long, jaw-popping yawn interrupted Sherlock's waning sniffles. Sherlock looked utterly crestfallen at the loss of contact, but John kept one arm loose around him while he reached up with the other hand to feel Sherlock's forehead.
(See the end of the chapter for
Daddy made me open the mess outside and dump the lot. Those stupid flies ruined and stole my sammich bread!
. And there was nothing for it, because there was work to be done and lives depended on you. But you didn't bounce back, really. And then since Monday I've barely managed to get two words out of you, and I know that's normal but, God, Sherlock, you have no idea how hard it is not to worry."
"From his time away," she said.
with stickers themed as vehicles and road signs.
Basically, the rest of Monday went: immediate cuddles during which Daddy was oddly quiet, equally quiet bath-time with the occasional whispered instruction, straight away being put into a nappy and Little clothes, another long cuddle session on the bed, Daddy answering his phone to confirm babysitting with Molly, following Daddy into the kitchen so he could make his dinner, seeing that there was no dinner for me and peeking inside the lower cupboards for snacks (Daddy seemed very surprised that I wanted to eat at all), being given crackers and tea while Daddy finished his dinner, then diaper change, and then being put down in the cot with a bottle of warm water while Daddy leaned over the rail and watched me drink. And Daddy left the night light on without me having to ask.
When John came back, he skipped the 'why the hell are you down there' and simply asked, "Don't you want to sit on the couch? It's more comfortable."
Daddy held tight, one hand under Sherlock's bum and the other arm wrapped around the baby's back. Taking slow steps since it was difficult to see around his burden, Daddy carried Sherlock to the bathroom.
Mary's jaw dropped.
An airy near-burp escaped Sherlock's lips, and John patted his stomach a few times to help things along.
"Four days? You mean this," she pointed at Sherlock and the baby seat, "isn't going to let up for four days?!"
"On it," Mary reluctantly edged back to the kitchen, trying to keep an eye on them in case John lost control of Sherlock.
"Sherlock, um... are you... alright?"
The tears were already flowing well before he realised it. Sherlock quickly stuffed part of his fist in his mouth to remind himself not to sob aloud. It wasn't enough, and he swapped it for gnawing on his forearm.
"Ohhhh, no no no no," John cooed, wiping up the tears with the bib, "Daddy shouldn't have said that. Sherlock, you're not stupid. You're the smartest baby on the planet. But it hurts Daddy when you hurt yourself, understand?"
Yet, all of today's Sent texts are marked 2010.
John was silent for a beat, flustering for a response. Outside, the unwary pigeon fled the windowsill, not knowing how very lucky it was.
"When he's little?" Mary scoffed. "I'd say he internalises more often than that. A lot more often. He internalises
Blushing over the attention drawn to his 'incontinence', Sherlock smiled shyly and hid his face in John's neck.
John's. My laptop died last week, and John's been stingy about sharing his. Last night, he insisted he needed it so he could look up something he hadn't gotten around to searching for at work. I'm getting a new computer soon, but not soon enough.
John tried to placate him, but Sherlock became even more anxious. Baby kicked at the floor again and wriggled against the seat straps, whining.
Blanking his expression as well as he could, Sherlock pressed the stop open to drain the sink and straightened to his full height, arms at his sides.
"I'm sorry," Sherlock said in a hitching breath before he could stop himself.
"It's okay," John waved at her, "I've got it. Used to do this all the time."
John slid his hand up the tubing and did a double-check on its connection to the IV bag. The movement of his steady, sure surgeon's hand fingering the line looked so intimate, Sherlock unconsciously nibbled his lip and let out a breathy, desperate noise. John tutted down to him in response.
She didn't expect to get too involved either way, whether she was welcome to or not; she was close enough to her real due date as things were and wore out quickly, so although she was sticking around in case of emergency, most of the work was still up to John.
John sighed, trying not to take the words too personally.
Another edit:
"No," Sherlock grumped, gazing into his soup. "You couldn't get it in there, anyway. I still need to sort my papers."
Sherlock's thumb slipped into his mouth, reminding John that there was a discussion they really needed to have today.
John fished a clean diaper out of the well-hidden supply stack and shot back, "Yeah, yeah, I know. That's why you're getting a nappy... Lift up your bottom."
Daddy bent down and kissed Sherlock on the forehead. "Okay, Daddy will do it. Be a good boy now and stay still for me while I do this."
The dinner function at the estate was droll, as expected. I honestly don't understand why I had to be there. They could have carried on just as well without me. It's not as if the mere fact of my presence imbued each lifting of their forks or stirring of their soup with some special meaning it wouldn't have had otherwise.
Silent with wonder, John used whatever this newfound power over Sherlock was to coax the rest of the toast and tomatoes into him.
"No, you didn't hurt them," John agreed. "But how would you feel if a big, scary animal was up in your face and wouldn't go away, hm? Like a dinosaur or something?"
After that, it was time to dress the baby to be transported home.
Speaking of videos, Lestrade is getting my parents' old VCR for Christmas so his family videocassettes won't be obsolete. My father keeps all his electronics in perfect condition, so the VCR still works like new. I don't use it anyway, and I've had it for nigh on eight years.
He procrastinated long enough to take Sherlock's pulse, to reassure himself, then stood and strode purposefully down the hall.
"I'm sorry," Sherlock sobbed again.
... Daddy chose to give the witty rejoinder a pass and reiterate that it's time for bed.
"Hmm... No, it's not so much pretend," John corrected her with a thoughtful look at Sherlock, whose hand was back in his mouth.
7:25 pm
Much to John's relief Sherlock's pulse slowed to normal after a minute, but he was concerned that the baby was so overly excitable.
"Thank you, Daddy," Sherlock mumbled through a lazy smile. The quiet words fell quite short of conveying how the simple, tender action made his heart clench. No one had done for him before what John was doing now; bothering to pay enough attention to Sherlock to guess his needs, without making him say it.
It was a state akin to meditation, but exponentially more effortless. Sherlock was completely regressed; this was the closest he ever was to a genuinely infant-like state. He was content to lie there and gnaw on a toy. His need for oral stimulation was met. The starburst whorls in the ceiling paint were a fascinating alien world that he could stare at forever. He had no desire to move; roll over, sit up, crawl around. He was at peace right where he was.
This currently has no corresponding chapter in the Blog fic because of technical difficulties, but that will hopefully change.
Missus Hudson had obviously not mentioned to John that the squash soup Sherlock enjoyed was the homemade sort. Sherlock recoiled just a bit from the heavily seasoned steam rising in front of him from the dish.
at his oversight and apologised, "I had no idea you were feeling nauseous, baby. I'm sorry. Can you try to let me know as soon as you're feeling well enough to take another bottle?"
"It's as if he's teething," Mary noted under her breath.
Too confusing. Dismissed.
If Daddy's reading this, I've guessed the new password already. It's "nextisaspanking".
Sherlock sighed. "Oh, come on. Out with it. You obviously have a comment to make."
John sat there, hyperventilating and clutching Sherlock's legs, as that sank in.
The potential was there, was it not? Or was Sherlock willing himself to fit facts to suit theories rather than the other way around?
Sherlock itched to peek back at John. His body buzzed so heavily with the intent that it was distracting.
Sherlock stilled, then peered back at John over his shoulder, cautiously.
"Well, he calmed right down, didn't he?" Mary remarked. She shifted the grown baby in her arms, turning him toward her chest and letting her teat poke at his mouth.
"I'm fine," Sherlock lied.
He rolled his eyes at Sherlock's forlorn whimper into the sitting area rug.
He wished John was his Daddy.
So it appeared Sherlock did forget to amend a detail or two when he cleaned up after himself. John, like most people, tended to keep the TV much louder than Sherlock found comfortable. Sherlock watched telly so rarely that changing the volume back and forth never became much of an issue between them. But that meant John would notice for certain that Sherlock used the TV today.
Nevertheless, his mood did not improve much from his last aging-up to this one. He wanted to stay little. Being grown up made him tired and cranky lately, no matter how tranquil his regressive episodes in-between were.
John's brow furrowed as he thought about it. Sherlock chewed his lip and waited.
, it's more intense."
Mary chimed in, "Sherlock, your back isn't hurting you, is it?"
She stood. It was obvious it would be hazardous to anyone's health to get between Daddy and his Baby right now.
With that she disappeared, making sure to close the door firmly behind her to keep the noise from travelling too much.
John went to wash his hands.
Sherlock gave a happy, if not clumsy, open-fingered clap before Daddy took his wrists and guided him to the sink to wash his hands. Sherlock imagined that John's hands scrubbed on either side of his own, helping him to wash and teaching him how at the same time.
John said goodbye, glad for Mycroft not trying to draw out the conversation any longer.
John's Four Cents
Granted, if he were able to get the seal off in one piece, he could glue it back on intact. That's why I've hidden it. I should probably keep it hidden after I open it, but that'll be tedious. I might just leave it in its usual spot in the kitchen after a few cups and see if he's ballsy enough to spike it again.
Sherlock keened, feeling the pain all the more acutely thanks to the effects of the recently removed clamp. Mary diligently held him still, pressing him into the mattress when he tried to arc his back.
. John watched it clatter to the floor behind the desk.
Otherwise, her intrigued expression said she was more or less comfortable with the way things were proceeding. It probably helped a great deal that it wasn't her lap being peed in.
"... Right, I'll warm up the soup," John told him cheerily before padding away to the kitchen. His cheer sounded partly manufactured, like something was on his mind and he was trying not to let on to Sherlock.
In the mornings recently, Daddy's been having coffee (I'm still not allowed to have any) and Mrs. Hudson has mostly stuck to her herbal soothers; so that's left me as the only one drinking tea. Somehow, Mrs. Hudson ran out of actual tea two weeks ago (how does that even happen?) and instead started brewing me tisane from an old box of herbal something-or-other that's sat at the back of her pantry for years and whose purpose for having been bought in the first place was long forgotten - not hard; I think old Hudders
. Thou shalt not dispose of my experiments nor supplies without consulting my Big side.
John saw Sherlock consider it before the fussy beanpole huffed disgustedly, shoved the chair backward with a rude scrape that was sure to scuff the floor, and started to head for the sofa.
John snatched up his ringing mobile from the back of the examination room countertop. The caller ID read Mrs. Hudson. Probably she wanted to ask him to pick up a couple items if he planned on shopping on his way home.
John's latest password was still set to '
John pointed out, "I don't think he liked being poked around."
The particular building he did choose in the end was actually Irene Adler's, legally even, albeit under an alias. To the average passerby it was a derelict clinic on the outskirts of the city, shut down for so long that the facility wasn't worth updating to make fit for reuse.
She smiled and then, since I hadn't slept much, she wrapped me up in my blanket for a kip and called me a caterpillar.
"Whew. All right..." John got ahold of himself and sprang into action, removing Sherlock's bib before the vomit could seep into the rest of the baby clothes and using a dry edge to clean Sherlock's chin.
This time, when John turned around, he saw Sherlock already actively inspecting the toad and poking around it with a stick. Or, at least, so he assumed. Sherlock was crouched behind a large stump sprouting from the middle of the path, so John couldn't quite see what he poked at until he backtracked to Sherlock.
Molly gave me some odd looks while she was over, but I was too Little at the time to deduce exactly why. Subjectively, it felt as though she may have been attempting to guilt trip me into feeling remorse for running away with the last of my stash. I'm not sure.
Nope. Definitely not mere gas. Wincing, he quickly flipped the nappy back into place.
Mary turned when she heard John's footstep near the bed.
"Good boy!" John beamed. It was always a relief to be able to get something resembling proper food into Sherlock without a fight.
Eventually it decided it was safe enough to creep around the stump a ways. Sherlock cautiously followed it until it edged itself under a broad, green, fallen tulip tree leaf and disappeared from view.
That, specifically, was mother-henning. If keeping quiet through three hours of documentary wasn't tough, John knew the amount of sheer propaganda in the news reports would be enough to rile Sherlock to the point of sleeplessness.
Mary smirked.
He was infinitely grateful that John didn't attempt for any more intelligent conversation from him while they ate; Sherlock might not have managed it. His mind flitted in a tension between being adult and little, with the little half gradually gaining more ground as his headache waned.
"... Core temperature... put him in the incubator yet..."
We also had a kitchenette in the room, so I didn't have to go downstairs for tea in the mornings. That was nice.
He remained mildly terrified of the idea of John knowing about him, despite wanting so badly and for so long to tell him. Otherwise, the prospect of seeing something in the programme that could help John make that mental leap should have been zealously welcomed.
John continued to pet Sherlock's hair, pleased that it appeared to calm Sherlock. He looked so frail now, overwrought and drained. John felt himself pale as it struck him that he wasn't kidding himself after all when he mused that Sherlock was probably only another week away from a total nervous breakdown if allowed to go on as before.
With a sigh, John reminded him, "I thought you said you didn't like Christmassy stuff in your room. Are you going to give me a hard time about this when you're 'big' again?"
"Yeah, what is it, love," John asked distractedly, finishing off his most recent paragraph for his in-progress blog entry.
Sherlock was unbearably anxious about their impending discussion, but, on the bright side, things were already going far better than he could have hoped for - embarrassing tearful breakdown aside, of course.
John cleared his throat and excused, "Maybe it was just gas."
There was something relieving about not having to feed himself, Sherlock realised. He'd known all along that he craved for John to do this for him, particularly out of parent-like adoration, but he had not anticipated how calming, how liberating it would feel to pass that responsibility on.
John knew. They had yet to discuss it. The bedroom was still littered with toys and baby things Sherlock did not bother to put away before dinner. John saw them, stepped around them when he helped Sherlock get ready for bed. There could be no denying it now, no clever back-pedalling.
"He went to the bathroom door, so I--" she tried to explain now that she'd regained her composure.
When John turned the shower off, he could have sworn he heard Sherlock moaning from the bedroom. Dry and dressed in under two minutes, John hurried to Sherlock's room to check on him.
Martin swatted Ben's rump through the blankets and heard the man's disposable nappy crinkle under the impact. Shoving at his lover's back to try and force him to roll out of bed, he said, "Come on, up, now."
Readers, you may note that le auteur has valiantly refrained from inserting any What Has It Got In Its Pocketses jokes. You're welcome. (No, really, you don't want me to go there. There are full-blown crossovers there that do not sleep. Not with ten thousand Mary-Sues could you amend this. It is folly.)
Sherlock didn't sit up in time. A gross sensation he'd first felt in the car swelled and overpowered him.
She made sure to carefully pull his hand out of the swaddling at one point, to check his fingers. They were a healthy, warm pink, and the baby bundled in her arms felt appropriately warm overall. His condition was definitely improving.
He'd observed the toad flinching its eyes when he'd been prodding it, but had needed Daddy to point out what it meant. Sherlock didn't really want to scare the toad. It made no sense that the big, grown-up toad would be more scared of him than the little baby one, but maybe it was scared of the stick. Maybe the stick felt like a bird's claw or something, especially since he'd been nudging it mostly at the toad's backside where it couldn't see?
Castor oil and turmeric mixed together do severely stain the tub, but not permanently. The colour stays in the oil, which can be cleaned off just like cooking grease from a pot: with much effort. Hopefully, filling the tub tonight will wash a bit more of it away. Daddy says it's a good thing Mrs. H didn't see the worst of it, but I doubt she would have cared too much; she's been drinking an awful lot of her hip-soothing teas lately, and I think they affect more than just her hip.
Eventually, in the peaceful lull, a faint, steady noise reached their ears. It went on for nearly half a minute. Mary at first thought she was only imagining it, or that the sound was outside the room, but John obviously heard it too and was watching Sherlock intently as though it was coming from the baby.
Sherlock wasn't Big, though, so instead he cowered from John's pensive frown. He also made one last involuntary tinkle into the toilet bowl, startling himself. John's hand shot out to steady him when he jumped.
And now, here, with John, despite knowing the right words, there was still an insurmountable blockade between his brain and his mouth that wouldn't let him say them.
Yes, Little Sherlock was easily amused. Mind games with John were so last year.
No sooner had John stood back, relieved that Sherlock was calm again, Sherlock spat the nippie out with a wail and began to whine, arching his back against the seat.
Mary helped John wheel the cot closer to the adjustable lamp standing among the other equipment. Turning the powerful lamp on offered another source of heat for the chilly man-infant lying helplessly on the thin hospital mattress.
It was one of Sherlock's more unusual bodily quirks, and it was difficult for John not to laugh every time it happened. John bit his lip to keep quiet, lest he wake the sleeping baby far too soon.
And, come to think of it, it could help to have the booster seat back here in the bedroom too.
Sherlock licked his dry lips and whispered guiltily, "Me."
The first programme was a rerun, but Sherlock hunkered down on his end of the couch and watched it.
Sherlock made a frustrated noise and looked around the room. He homed in on the arm of the sofa next, scooting over to it and crooking his neck at an awkward angle to sink his teeth into the leather.
"Alright, Daddy's here," John eased the lanky boy out of the dark wardrobe and gathered him up in his lap on the floor.
"Maybe he's hungry," Mary suggested, frowning.
She says she enjoys it, and I'm actually becoming used to it myself. I still spend more time at home with Daddy, but now I also have a Mummy who texts me and calls me sometimes when she knows John's busy, because it's often easier for Mummy to text from work than it is for Daddy.
Despite the tension, Sherlock's flight response didn't kick in until that documentary ended and the voiceover on the rolling credits announced the final documentary of the night would be what sounded an awful lot to Sherlock like something to do with either infantilism similar to his or the worst real parenting imaginable. The latter possibility sounded far too tabloid, leaving the former as more likely, however unlikely overall.
Sherlock grinned. John could feel the happy excitement rolling off him.
"Bwee..." Little Sherlock moaned, toddling up behind Daddy's armchair.
Or perhaps not toddling. There was no way of predicting exactly how regressed Sherlock would be today until John actually saw him, but by the sound of the untempered crying the detective was feeling quite small.
Mary was a threat to the baby. Not the
After another listen with the stethoscope while Sherlock's heart calmed down, John rubbed a bit of sweet-smelling oil into his hands and slowly massaged it into Sherlock's skin. He rubbed all around Sherlock's belly, then chest, over each arm in turn, and down each leg. Baby Sherlock hummed appreciatively.
He was ill-adjusted all around. For that, Sherlock cried harder. His eyelids were so puffy with the tears that they ached along with the rest of him. He continued to sniffle into his pillow. If not for the overly large rubber teat lifting his palate to the benefit of his lower sinuses, he would not have been able to breathe for all the snot congealing within him.
John wrote on his blog this morning that I've been "mopey". I'm not moping, I'm bored. My last case was too short and not very stimulating. All I've really got to show for it is a bruised up left calf from chasing someone. Solved it in two hours, arrest and all. The perp was possibly the stupidest one I've ever taken down.
In future, I'm going to try to write at least some of my baby journal entries while in Little headspace. I'm not sure how well that will work out; I guess we'll see.
Sherlock hesitated and made an aborted motion that looked like he wanted to shake his head in refusal. The final sign that John would have to take full control was Sherlock's other hand raising to his face, and Sherlock's thumb slipping into his mouth.
Sherlock froze. The opportunity was painfully perfect, yet he couldn't move. He opened his mouth to speak, but, voiceless, closed it again.
Not daring to push for resolving it now instead, though he was dying to, Sherlock sniffled pitifully and nodded.
John gave in to a whim and kissed his little one on the forehead. Sherlock didn’t complain, didn’t pull a face. Encouraged, John stroked the backs of his fingers down Sherlock’s cheek.
Sherlock flinched with a lemon-sucking expression as Daddy emptied the medicine dropper on his tongue. The stuff tasted absolutely horrid. He tried to pull his head back, pressing into Daddy's cradling hand, and keened around the dropper.
The toad wasn't having any of it, though. It appeared to John to be tapping into its self-preservation instincts, keeping stock still in the face of a playful predator.
"Mm-mmm."
After the tub was full and the tap shut off, John's imaginary hand twisted the faucets as if Sherlock hadn't already done it himself.
He could virtually see the gears turning inside Sherlock's head before the little boy hid his face once more, in what John took to be grudging agreement. John pulled him back so that he could kiss Sherlock's cheek and get them both standing.
Still writing. Toy Addendum nearly complete.
"I wasn't that cold." Sherlock frowned, perplexed.
John mistook it for begging to be let out and caved, sighing, "Okay, okay. Give me a minute to undo the back."
He was half afraid of turning and finding John staring straight back at him, a bit like he'd thrown the occasional glances at Sherlock during the anorexia film.
Pretend-John chuckled and stood, drawing away to the door and beckoning with his fingers for Sherlock to follow.
He hadn't exactly asked her permission to remodel the rooms inside, but he'd noted upon his initial visit (the one when he and John had legitimately been invited) that there were many more rooms than Irene knew what to do with. The most she could get mad at him for was trespassing, and he was quite certain she wouldn't even bother over that.
Rather than make Sherlock sit up to listen from the back, John finished and set the stethoscope aside.
"Good boy," Daddy urged, "come on."
It was a meek, anxious, and very Little Sherlock who padded the distance to the kitchen.
Conscious of keeping his own manner neutral, Sherlock pressed nervously, "Specifically, I mean... What were your impressions?"
He opened the vial they'd brought along and measured a portion of its contents into a small glass of water. Though John was sceptical about the concoction itself, he saw no reason not to give Sherlock his medicine a day early if it might really help him get better. Experiment or not, letting Sherlock spend an extra day sick in bed felt cruel and unusual. John would much rather have him well and in bed.
John picked his way up at an easy pace, aiming for the well-trodden, dirt-packed steps contained by the worn arcs of old, strong tree roots peeking out from the eroded slope.
jokes. It's funny how mass texting to a group of drunk and/or hung-over individuals can bring light to the darkest recesses of their senses of humour. Some things were meant to remain hidden.
- Secretly weeing in the tub as revenge, which Daddy doesn't know about... or won't until he reads this. I still don't see why doing it in the tub is any different other than the one drains constantly and the other needs the handle pulled. Daddy can be so fussy sometimes.
"Right, thank you," John told her in a rush of breath, and she retreated to the living room.
It reddened and became even more sensitive as the skin relaxed, insofar as it could, standing out from the surface of Sherlock's belly like a tight, bulged, little tube of flesh.
"Go to the bathroom and brush your teeth. I'm going to get you one more glass of water, and after you drink it you're going to sleep. Go on, get ready for bed."
"Uh... Okay, I suppose I could do that. Any particular reason? Have you lost your phone?"
He checked painstakingly along every part of Sherlock's body for any sign of a pinprick or suspicious discolouration; any sign that Mary had tried to drug him further in the minutes she had alone with him.
Staring off into a corner, absorbing the stimulatory input, Sherlock distractedly mumbled, "Da... daaaadadadada," before stuffing part of a mitten in his mouth and sucking on it thoughtfully.
He stopped there for a moment and wondered if he shouldn't brush his hair first, splash some water on his face.
Sherlock turned his head again and rested his temple on his knees, hugging his legs closer. He felt he could have fallen right back asleep. He closed his eyes and listened to John eating.
"Right there," came the reply.
John was back to petting Sherlock's hair when the cleanup was over. His little boy looked so exhausted. Sherlock wasn't even trying to escape the booster anymore.
Sherlock relaxed, able to understand the sound of Daddy's praise if not the actual words.
"Am I well endowed?"
The measuring stick came flying across the living room and hit the wall between the front windows with a harsh, wooden
"Mmnnn..." Sherlock turned away with his entire upper half, nearly rolling off the support wedge.
In a deliberately cheerful voice, John, getting up onto his knees in front of Sherlock, said, "Okay, you know what I want now? A cuddle with my baby! Come here, love. That's it."
He dressed Sherlock in a onesie to keep the diaper securely in place, and fleecy, footed blanket sleeper so the freshly washed Little wouldn't catch a chill.
"Got it. Covered or uncovered, love?"
While Mary removed the ECG leads and temperature monitor, leaving the nasal cannula in, John came back and carefully ripped open Sherlock's very wet, very sticky diaper.
John watched her go, relieved that she shut the door behind her.
careful and didn't spill any; the droplet on the tabletop is where one of the flies landed when I scraped it off my hand, so that was intentional.
John picked up the empty glass after Sherlock set it on the nightstand, and left to put it in the kitchen. He returned and instructed Sherlock to lie down. Sherlock hadn't quite registered that he was still sitting up and staring into space. Once he was prone, John briefly reached down to tentatively adjust the blanket over Sherlock's chest.
Martin was quite happy to be under the covers and in the calm dark again.
He nearly went for John's hand instead, but John was too quick for him.
Sherlock was about to pocket the stupid thing and scurry to his bedroom lair when John surprised him by reaching out and gently taking the pacifier from him.
John carefully sat down in his armchair with his morning coffee, keeping an eye on Sherlock to be sure the little one kept his distance from the hot drink.
"So, is there any reason...? Or is it just to push my buttons and horrify our landlady."
Sherlock scooted across the carpet after him and stopped at the door. He took a minute to listen for signs that the real John Watson might be about the flat, but it seemed quiet enough.
(See the end of the chapter for
The password I changed to wasn't even that difficult. It was Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious. Seriously; piece of cake as long as one spells it correctly.
Sherlock held his adult-sized pacifier with the cherry red mouth guard. It sat on his skin innocuously between the two men, silent and inanimate yet screaming at the same time.
I don't mind it much, after all it's my smell, but Daddy pulls a face when I get too close. I've had some fun with that. I farted in his lap during a cuddle and told him he'd been blessed by the Christmas Cabbage Faerie.
Later, it was time to re-check Sherlock's vitals. He let out a great, big yawn as he was manoeuvred in Mary's lap.
1. Multiple servings of Hobnobs are not a good meal substitute, especially not when eaten in the space of only one hour.
John tugged at Sherlock's chin one more time. "It's to help you feel better," he said. "So you won't be sick tomorrow too. Come on. One good swallow, and it'll be over."
Daddy counter-attacked by smearing my bum with the perfumed lotion that smells like baby powder and sunscreen. He used a lot of it.
Sherlock hesitated. He couldn't decide if crawling to his seat would be overkill at this point. It was what he wanted, though. And then he wanted John to notice how he couldn't stand on his own, and to lift Sherlock into the chair and maybe even find a strap with a buckle to make sure he didn't fall out. It would be very nice to have his own highchair. Perhaps it could be built using a barstool, to give some extra lift for his long legs...
John refrained from mentioning that it hadn't even been the entire waffle. The last quarter Sherlock threw out their living room window, the descending flurry of greedy pigeons having been what reminded Sherlock of a comment heard years ago regarding rice and birds and curious explosions.
John muted the TV and asked, "You going to bed, then?"
"These had been for outside," Mrs. Hudson lamented, gesturing to the last pair of large paper bags John and Sherlock had helped bring down from her attic, "but I don't bother anymore since the big shrub out front died. They can just go back up in the attic if you can't find a place for them."
"Don't fall off," Martin chuckled. He stood close and petted Benedict's pillow-mussed hair while they waited.
Dr. Watson fingered Sherlock's navel methodically, probing to see what he'd be working with.
John quickly caught Sherlock's wrists. "No, no, no, baby!"
In short, love was superfluous - and dangerous - and he knew it. Which was why he still had such difficulty justifying his want for it after all this time. And wanting it from his unsuspecting flatmate, no less.
," John exclaimed, gripping Sherlock's arms briefly to confirm it. He felt Sherlock's forehead, then his icy fingers. Quickly, he lifted the blankets and urged Sherlock under them. He fretted as he tucked him in, "You're freezing! Why didn't you put on some slippers, or a warmer shirt?"
Mary looked unconvinced. She yielded just the same, holding up her phone to let John know she'd have it with her, and quipped, "I'll have the text alert and all that on extra loud, just in case. Our next kid is going to seem so easy after this."
He then took a long, slow sip of his own 'ah'fee' to keep himself from laughing at how serious Sherlock was about enjoying his minuscule helping of caffeine.
The paper takeaway bag rustled as John dragged the bottom.
John circled the table and sat back down, dish towel still in hand. Sherlock adjusted so they could look at each other without Sherlock giving up his thumb.
Sherlock continued to sob pitifully, drumming his feet on the floor to make sure the grown-ups knew he was still cranky and wanted out of the seat. John and Mary stared as Sherlock finally resorted to stuffing his fingers in his mouth. That, at least, helped him quiet down a bit.
"Yes, I know," she humoured his attempt at communication, "it's very tasty, isn't it. Just what you needed, too."
Peeling off her coat and hanging it on one of the pegs on the back of the door to the landing, Mary said, "Yeah, I saw his list. Looks like we'll be getting in that parenting practise after all, then. I'm going to go make sure Mrs. Hudson doesn't think we're murdering him up here. I'll be back in a bit."
Martin took Benedict by the shoulder and pushed him down until his bare bottom met the cushy potty training seat they'd secured to a small, white bucket. The seat was meant to go on top of a real toilet, but they'd wanted something for close-by in the bedroom to make things easier in the middle of the night. The seat had images of rocking horses on it and fulfilled the need for something cute and appealing, while the sturdy bucket provided the function that purpose-made toddler training potties couldn't do while supporting Benedict's adult weight.
"C'mon," John coaxed him, "it's zucchini and banana."
Shaking his head in the exaggerated manner of any two-year-old, Sherlock looked Daddy in the eye and carefully enunciated, "No. No hurt."
"Good," John said.
To his credit, he at least sat down with John and had a taste before he started to give the doctor trouble.
The last thing his adult aspect did before slipping away was rationalise that this, letting the weepy baby in him slip to the forefront, was better than the alternative for everyone involved. With that very small shred of comfort, Sherlock let himself fall.
"Okay, now we can keep going," John said, patting his little boy on the back. "We're getting closer to the swings."
So the above is what a partially regressed blog entry looks like. I'm not sure it has much merit, but I'll post it anyway and see what sort of reaction it garners.
Mary piped up from the doorway, "That's why you're supposed to put a flannel over them if the nappy's off."
flies, fifteen of which I kept, plus I smooshed the spider that waltzed into the flat tailing the flies. Oh, and then there was one more fruit fly after Daddy took the photo.
John's voice washed over him, and it took Sherlock a long moment to process before the words reached his brain in their proper form.
John's face relaxed at that. "Good," he answered. "You need it."
John sighed. He was going to have to spend maybe twenty or thirty minutes of back-and-forth prep work, but he was determined to make the room a suitable nesting space for at least the next twenty-four hours. If he could prove to himself - and Mary- that he could manage Sherlock on his own for that long, maybe they'd both feel better about him sending Mary back to their flat tomorrow, and then John wouldn't have to worry about her triggering any more panic attacks in Little Sherlock for a while, and John could have a break from feeling like he was under siege by his wife.
Now that Sherlock had stopped flailing, John gingerly plopped down on the floor and rubbed Sherlock's knee sympathetically while he spoke,
I seriously thought I was going to have all their ageplay negotiations done in two chapters flat, but it's looking like it'll take more like five now. This is officially the longest fic I've ever written, and it's not even finished! *wipes brow* I'm usually more of a short-story person.
"I'm not that hungry. And I have food in here," Sherlock said. He really wasn't hungry at all. Just wickedly thirsty, dehydrated from all his crying.
The milk was warm, thin, and slightly sweet. Pleased and contented, Sherlock cooed around Mary's breast as he sucked down his meal.
Sherlock was breathing heavily by the time John stretched his navel out to the target two centimetre mark. The cylinder's grip on it was so airtight that not even Sherlock's heaving belly could dislodge it.
"Well," the doctor mused, "it's certainly unusual, but to each his own."
"Well, it's like he gets... more absorbed in it, y'know? He used to get pretty deep into it just while he was clean. When he wasn't," John coughed to cover an unsteady waver in his voice. "When he
On second thought, maybe I should stay in hiding an extra day or two.
One of two possibilities: either John was enjoying less stress as a direct result of reduced contact with him and the product was markedly improved mood, or John perceived that the unforgiving barrage of work over the last few months left Sherlock in a bad way and John was instinctually mother-henning him in whatever small ways were available at home.
Sherlock's nappy was definitely wet. John expected as much, seeing as Sherlock hadn't visited the toilet since the previous afternoon. The changing supplies were still out on the nightstand from before, so things went considerably quicker.
Daddy's spending more time with me lately now that he and half of London have it in their heads that I'm a drug risk 'again,' but not everything has gone smoothly.
John set the empty bottle on the coffee table and petted Sherlock's hair, proudly whispering, "Good boy... There's my sweet little boy."
He bit and sucked, and repeated, and rode the fizzing little wave of endorphins.
"Okay, maybe that wasn't a great example," John interrupted.
"No? Okay..." Uncertainly, John picked up the mug himself and coaxed Sherlock to lift his head. He brought the mug to Sherlock's lips, tilting it in slow repetition until Sherlock took in total at least a few small sips.
(See the end of the chapter for
The tinkling started very soon, Benedict's overfull bladder spasming a couple times as he relieved himself in a loud, steady stream. When it was eventually over, Benedict peered up at Martin expectantly.
The needle fully seated, it had almost completely disappeared into the depths of Sherlock's fleshy innie. The IV line trailed out of his gut like a long, synthetic umbilical cord, feeding the glucose serum directly into his intestines via the adjacent vein.
Not expecting the little baby to answer, John turned to Mary and asked her to prepare a glucose drip.
Exactly the sort of noncommittal answer Sherlock
"Uck," Sherlock made a deliberate near-choking sound and drew a slimy, half-chewed inch of celery out of his mouth. He dropped it with a show of utmost distaste directly on the kitchen table, not bothering to use his sandwich plate.
. "You had two bites. That doesn't count."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Mm... Not necessarily true. Indian ascetics--"
. Sherlock, and even Major Sholto, occupied more of John's heart than Mary did. Yet John tried to maintain the illusion it was otherwise.
Sorry for the long hiatus. As I've mentioned on other stories in the interim, my writing PC died a year ago and I've had major incompatibility issues between old writing files and the pre-owned POS I'm stuck using until I get a new computer. Reformatting the file so I can read it and keep editing/writing is currently a slow, ongoing process.
Mary clipped a pulse oximeter to Sherlock's finger, then checked his pupil responsiveness with a penlight while John immediately donned his stethoscope and listened to Sherlock's heart and lungs. The ausculator wasn't all that cold, having been in John's coat pocket for a while, but felt strange on Sherlock's skin. When John pressed it close to Sherlock's umbilical cord, the baby could feel the tension on his umbilical knot trapped outside its normal resting place by the clamp ring.
John tugged the blue tee shirt over Sherlock's head and tossed it over the towel bar, then produced the tiny silver key to Sherlock's baby mitts from his jeans pocket and released Sherlock's hands.
"Time to use the potty, Sherlock." John set his book aside and stood, ready to reinforce that command.
looking for.
That got a small laugh out of John.
John grazed the corner of Sherlock's mouth gently with a knuckle. Sherlock's head turned toward it and his mouth opened, seeking. John reached over to do the same at the other side of Sherlock's mouth, and Sherlock's head jerked in that direction.
John felt his heart twist at the request, and the only possible answer was, "Sure you can, Sherlock. Absolutely, if it helps you. That... even sounds kind of nice." He further checked, "Is that a yes?"
"It's okay, I'm here."
Sherlock started to feel sick to his stomach; it was twisting up in knots. He thought about sucking his thumb, desperately needing to soothe himself, then remembered with relief that a clean pacifier was in his bedside drawer.
If John did know what Sherlock wanted, he probably wouldn't agree to it.
He felt John watching over the rim of his teacup.
Sherlock did whimper aloud then. His eight-year-old self, way back then, resolved never to let such a thing happen again. He could not bear the pain nor humiliation of a repeat of Mummy's rejection, so he rejected her in turn. As a preventative measure. From that time on, after a week or two of working through his hurt, angry, childish version of mourning, she was dead to him. The sadistic woman ruling over his life was not his mummy, she was just a mean lady standing in for the role because someone had to. She obviously loved Mycroft, who was very much 'her child' in his mannerisms and look. Sherlock was more of a strangely perfect, almost mathematical blend of his parents; he was that unusual consanguineous halfway point, the scientific and genetic ideal that incorporated the intellectual variety and inherent skills from both branches of his family, but also drew equally from the myriad of flaws on both sides.
Daddy says if it existed, he wouldn't let me have anything but decaf. Har, har.
The really real John, mug of tea in hand, worried lines crossing his forehead, had said it.
"That's got to stay in for a few minutes," Daddy replied, rubbing Sherlock's thigh with one hand and keeping the thermometer firmly seated with the other.
Shirtless, John trudged back to the bedroom.
Awake now, he tried to control his breathing. He felt like he needed to cry. The loud intrusion into his psyche was inexplicably unfair and cruel, and he just
Sherlock grunted in the affirmative and took it, a happier sort of peacefulness settling over him again as he lied back and suckled. His stomach rumbled, his breakfast finally starting to digest, and John indulgently tugged the blankets down just far enough that he could rub Sherlock's tummy. Sherlock's eyes closed as he relaxed.
"It's really wedged in," she called back.
Three and a half hours straight of sleep so far, and the chances of Sherlock sleeping through the next five were looking good too.
A speaker built into the rearview mirror brought the driver's voice through, "Ready to go, Dr. Watson?"
. Thou shalt not steal the covers nightly.
Wordlessly, Sherlock slid off his lap and slowly toddled in the direction of the stairs. He looked back to John uncertainly with shining, wet eyes, sucking on the tip of his index finger for comfort, then continued on his mopey way. He took the stairs carefully, holding onto the banister with the hand he wasn't sucking on, looking for all the world like he was still honestly learning to walk. Part of it may have been more than regression, likely that his vision was blurred enough with tears that he needed to mind his footing.
"It helps having you around," Sherlock croaked when he could speak again.
A weak, affirmative "Mm-hm," made its way from Sherlock's throat.
"Was there anything good on the telly today?" John asked over the noise.
John carefully cradled the back of Sherlock's skull and tipped his head back. Sherlock's eyes were shut, his breathing shallow again like it had been all throughout the night.
"As soon as you can!" John grunted. "
Bollocks. There was that tone he used earlier in the bathroom, the one that Sherlock suspected meant John had more questions he wanted to ask but wasn't sure yet about broaching the subject.
Many were the times, over the years, when Mummy or one of Sherlock's grandparents would throw up their hands and frustratedly assert,
Sherlock peacefully watched John putter around the room, until Mary caught the little one blowing bubbles with his spit. She tutted and swiped at his mouth with a tissue, which he stuck his tongue out to taste and decided he did not like one bit.
. Thou art my Daddy or Mummy. If thou art not, I don't know why the hell you're reading this.
Toilet stupid.
Recoiling from the acrid wetness in his mouth, over his chin, and down his front, Sherlock sobbed a bit more, unable to help himself.
. Thou shalt not make unto thee an excess of more than one photo shaming nonsense post in the passing of one month.
He bent down and kissed her. "And you're a very considerate Mummy. Thanks for washing off the perfume, I think that helped him a lot."
He let his eyelids fall. In the white noise of the telly, Sherlock fancied the wispy strains of a lullaby danced around. His left arm, the last muscle group he kept engaged, finally went slack too. The teething ring fell from his mouth and slipped down his cheek, followed quietly by a thin, shining track of drool. Sherlock closed his mouth and hummed happily.
"No, no one at the Yard," Sherlock quickly assured him.
"Good boy," Daddy cooed, beaming. He held out a hand and helped Sherlock into the tub.
Sherlock had sort of put the rooms together in vain, wishful thinking, expecting they'd never really be used. But, as luck would have it, he managed to work himself sick not long after the project was finished, and the gleam in John's eye when Sherlock coyly told him of the new playspace led to...
- I bit Daddy on the shoulder because he said we couldn't buy cabbage. The Cabbage Faerie is in withdrawal; fairie power currently nil, thus fart-related pranks are at an annual low. But there is broccoli in the refrigerator, so that's looking a bit promising.
Otherwise, yesterday was enjoyable. I got extra storytime in the middle of the day in addition to bedtime stories, which made up for not having a bedtime story on Monday. And Mummy Molly said she would look into another source for my favourite bubble bath, since the local shop appears to have stopped carrying it.
John noticed the change, and, as he set the mug down, the words, "Good boy," just sort of slipped out.
I was bored enough today that I cleaned the cooktop and hoovered a bit, but Mrs. H says she can't tell the difference from when the stove was dirty. There is still a fair amount of caked-on char, but that's not my fault; Daddy says I'm not allowed to use the grown-up cleaning solutions, even when I'm big. You can probably guess why. (I did promise to be careful next time, but Daddy wasn't having it.)
The compromise, apparently, was to let his little side poke through just enough, on purpose (or so he made himself believe), to make the evening interesting. Enough that the influence on Sherlock's actions might be such to confuse John and make him take notice that something was most definitely off. It would be the 'little' version of the thrillingly dangerous adventures 'big' Sherlock enjoyed.
This was just as I was getting over Mrs. Hudson's gut-wrenching tea mixup, so the relief of regaining control over my bowels was a bit short-lived.
http://babywolverine.deviantart.com/art/Improvised-AB-Crib-View-1-of-4-594145179
I put extra sweetener in today's coffee and then went to sit in John's armchair to wait for the inevitable, but Daddy caught on to what I was trying to do and made me sit on the toilet until it happened. Only took ten minutes or so, but still... the principal of the thing... not bloody fair.
"Done on there, or have you still got some left?" John asked after Sherlock had been sitting naked on the pot for a few more minutes.
The tooth is fine now; there's just less of it. That single tooth is no longer taking the brunt of the force, which it previously was since it was the slightest bit longer than its neighbours, so the pressure is much more evenly distributed now when I do find my jaw clenching.
Looks like it's time for bed now, so I'll wrap this up. Daddy wouldn't let me have even one coffee today, and now my bedtime's around eight o'clock until Daddy says otherwise. (He just chipped in that it's going to last until I don't need to sleep for twelve hours at a time to catch up. Fair enough, I suppose. Being useless for that long is annoying.)
. He opened his eyes slowly, the beginnings of a headache throbbing behind his brow.
And so it is. Goodnight.
"Sherlock, shhhh. Shh," John said as he ran his hands down Sherlock's legs to place a warning grip on the boy's ankles.
John chuckled. "What, all this peace and quiet getting to you?"
," whined Sherlock. He didn't sound entirely convinced, but at least he wasn't outright contradicting John. There was some hope that Sherlock would be able to live with just one bee.
Mary fetched those too and helped Sherlock rinse out his mouth.
. Thou shalt not bear witness of anything whatsoever to Mycroft.
"Just tired?" John guessed. He figured if it was real pain, Sherlock would have nodded 'yes' to prompt John to guess exactly where he hurt.
" Sherlock smacked the mattress repeatedly in protest, flailing both his arms and legs. John had to step back for a moment to avoid being hit.
Humming sleepily, Sherlock stretched and felt a leaf stuck in his hair crinkle between his head and the headboard of the bed. Daddy must have left it there on purpose.
"Here," John interrupted her, "just a moment..."
At first the baby just sat in John's lap like a mournful lump, trying to decide if he was being dismissed for being too needy and should be even sadder.
I'm trying to keep the two new ones as brief as possible so that I can post them ASAP, so look for those coming soon. :3
It was ages since this last happened. Sherlock was so calm. His
John surreptitiously covered his smile with one hand to make sure he didn't laugh too loudly.
He had wound himself down considerably when he thought about John's disparaging attitude again and how paternal it was. How fatherly and caring and doting John could be to Sherlock if he so desired.
In case part of the problem was hypotension, John eased Sherlock back and laid him on the rug. He lifted Sherlock's legs and rested each ankle over one of his own shoulders, to help blood flow get back to Sherlock's sluggish heart and torpid brain.
Just then, two pieces of toast popped out of the toaster at heart-attack speed, making both Sherlock and John jump. The cereal box slammed down onto its shelf with unintentional force.
"Nail beds slightly blue," John observed, picking up one of Sherlock's clammy hands and gently rubbing his thumb over the pale fingers. "Let's get him on oxygen."
When I confronted him, John justified it by pointing out it's been helping me to sleep at night and alleviates my tension a bit.
The rubbery squirty toy squeaked shrilly as Sherlock chewed on it all through his hair being rinsed. He may not have been mentally 'all there' for the moment, but, as John predicted, he was definitely in his Little 'sweet space'.
"Oh, I see." John guessed, "You want those put up in your room?"
In a congested, depleted daze, Sherlock didn't have the will to argue. He did as he was told, then returned to his room and stripped off his gown and flannels. He slid into bed and covered himself quickly for decency's sake.
Sherlock stirred half-heartedly at his bowl of soup, the mediocre result of two hours of toil on Mrs. Hudson's part. There were far too many celery pieces in it. And he didn't want to so much as touch the apple bits floating amongst them.
"Okay." John used a hand on Sherlock's knee to lever himself off the floor. "You sit there while I put it away, and I'll be right back to clean you off."
"... And you've got bees on your socks," John reminded him.
Not that a butterfly can do much damage, aside from maybe deliberately flying into someone's eye. Or, in theory, by leading a larger animal to a spot where it could wreak some havoc - like landing on a person's food at a picnic while being tracked by a cat or dog, and subsequently causing the cat or dog to jump onto the food.
Martin nodded back. "Thought so. It's okay, my baby. Daddy'll help you."
Translation, courtesy of John:
Love and cuddles and baby talk for Sherlock, and eventually kisses if he wanted to keep the detective calm, felt like more than John ever wanted to reveal to her. But there was nothing for it now. He'd need her support in caring for Sherlock. She was right about that.
Mummy Molly was at least right about one thing, that I've somehow not been handling mental stressors as well as usual. In other words, she and Daddy and Mycroft all consider me to be overstressed. I'm not entirely in agreement with them, but I admit the fact does stand that I had been clenching my teeth rather a lot over the past few months.
"Toilet stupid," Sherlock complained sourly, on his back with his legs in the air.
right."
John heard a faint, hollow-sounding rumble from Sherlock's tummy, then virtually nothing aside from his pulse. As usual, Sherlock's last case meant numerous skipped meals, and nothing was in his digestive system at the moment.
Most of the people the programme featured were fortunate enough to have significant others who openly embraced or accepted their lifestyle, or lived alone, and Sherlock covetously took in the details of their play spaces brimming with unabashed whimsy. Custom furniture, bright wallpaper, toys, and overtly 'little' decorations. Not for the first time, Sherlock pictured his bedroom transformed into his ideal nursery.
A short shake of his head, like he wasn't sure what Sherlock was looking for, then John tried, "Um, I guess it's... it makes sense, in a way. I can see how they find it relaxing, like they said. As an outlet."
John turned around and watched Sherlock's gaze go distant.  He bent over to peer at Sherlock's face and tried to get his attention with his hand.
Chapter 1 here corresponds to "Chapter 9: 20 March 2016" of Sherlock's Little Blog. Future chapters might not 'occur' in consecutive order here like they do in the Blog.
Albeit subtly, Sherlock pushed the envelope all the same, needing to on this occasion.
Crossing his arms, he asked pointedly, "Sherlock... Tell me what my laptop password is."
He flipped on the vent fan, closed and locked the door, and filled the tub, adding some Epsom salts from the cabinet to the bubbly froth.
Then, with sweet, muffled coo, Sherlock relaxed and released a spray of urine all over John's right sleeve.
John watched him latch onto it and took a breath that sounded as shaky as Sherlock felt.
He woke up feeling regressed enough that he started to play with his wooden block set and a few other toys from the collection hidden in his closet soon after he rolled out of bed, losing himself for hours in the relaxingly simple activities. Close to noon, he finished with reading a few children's books, which helped coax his mental age back up enough that he could handle changing into his normal clothes and acting more or less like an adult for the rest of the day.
"Don't you
This probe too was connected to an individual monitoring device.
John pointed him to one of the plates of hot food at the table, and the two men sat.
Mary's hands flew to her ears. "God. I'm going downstairs now. Maybe he's in pain?"
"Will you drink a bottle for me when we get back to the car?" John wheedled.
A second knock at the door felt marginally quieter, even though Sherlock knew it probably wasn't.
"Gooood baby," Mary praised.
"Sorry, princess..."
Daddy inspected the front of his baby's pull-ups for the telltale colour change that indicated Sherlock had already wet. There was a small, runny break in the ink on a smiling balloon where it was faded from urine contact.
Sherlock whimpered, his Little self expressing his guilt and self-loathing with more tears.
After everything was cleaned up, John hung up his white coat and flopped into a cushy recliner in the corner. (Sherlock had included it in the furnishings in the hope of one day being bottle-fed and rocked to sleep in it, which would likely happen tomorrow.)
He stared at Sherlock pointedly and added, "... Or, you must really not be feeling yourself."
Daddy thinks photo shaming is funny for some reason, but ultimately it's ineffective.
With a put-upon sigh, John hefted himself out of his chair, stepped around the moaning ball of consulting detective and surrounding minefield of toy blocks, and trod back to the kitchen. He took his mug along with him, just to be safe.
John's immediate reaction, keeping their tendency to unexpected visitors in mind, was, "Don't you think you should go to your bedroo... Oh."
And, speaking of Daddy, I've got to go because he's calling my mobile to make sure I stick to the potty training schedule. I already let it go to voicemail once, which I probably shouldn't have done.
John could hear the pout without having to turn around to see it.
John heaved a grim-sounding sigh. "Yeah, that's about it. Last time, he stayed this way until the drugs were out of his system. All through detox, and then most of the day after it was over. About four days straight."
thing it is."
"Sherlock?"
Cheeks burning, Sherlock answered, "Just the last one?"
Over the course of the next few minutes, she was able to catch the lilting cadence of John talking sweetly to Sherlock interspersed with the sounds of a nappy change. After that, John came out to retrieve the baby bottle.
He eyed Sherlock critically and said, "I think you should go to bed. We can talk about this in the morning, okay?"
In the meantime, this came to me as a tidbit I considered adding to "Loom", but I didn't have the patience to wait until I'd completed recoding work on it to add this on. So for now it goes here instead. Enjoy!
"And what are you up to today?" John asked without looking up from the news reports on his laptop while Sherlock, in dressing gown and pyjamas, made his slow, meandering way to the sofa.
Petting Sherlock's hair to keep him calm, John held the thermometer in place until the LCD screen on the handle flashed. He let go of Sherlock and read the temperature display. The tiny detective's body appeared to finally be maintaining a normal, constant temperature all on its own.
Due to... reasons... it has been surmised that a certain someone is probably prone to holding in his wee a lot longer than is healthy.
His jaw did tire, though. A couple minutes after Sherlock's suckling stopped completely and he let his mouth hang open, John took the nippie out and put it back on the nightstand.
(See the end of the chapter for
Because thinking about how Mummy sneered at him, one night when he was eight, and told him she was still too cross with him (for whatever the hell now it was that he'd done earlier in the day) to give him his goodnight hug, and her hugging and kissing Mycroft's cheek all the more tenderly for skipping over him, and the way she'd bitten out the words when Sherlock nervously tried to wheedle at least an 'I love you' from her as she headed out the bedroom door...
The doctor rubbed Sherlock's arm reassuringly now that the hardest procedure was over.
3. If Daddy's given me vitamins in the morning, I can't wee in the tub without getting caught. The B vitamins make my wee bright yellow, and Daddy notices.
A transparent, lubricated cylinder with one open end was pressed to Sherlock's tummy. It was just large enough to encircle his navel. John pressed it firmly at first to create an airtight seal, and then the doctor was able to slowly draw the plunger back.
Sherlock and John both startled.
John fished the baby bottle of distilled water out of their diaper bag before letting Sherlock crawl across his lap and lie back. Once his baby was settled, supported in the crook of John's arm, John offered him the nipple.
"True," Mary agreed. "Here, could you hand me that pillow?"
"Uhn?" Sherlock grunted in confusion. His dummy had disappeared. He tried looking back to Daddy, but Daddy wasn't holding it anymore.
Sherlock held the plastic boat down, then let go and exclaimed as it popped back out of the water. He did it a few more times, trying to see how far in the air it could propel itself. It flew all the way to his feet at the end of the tub, the landing sending tufts of bubbles upward. Sherlock gasped and grinned, and blew at them as they floated back down. He slapped at the mounds of bubbles around him, delighting in their light and airy squishiness.
"Ohhh," John tutted sympathetically, giving Sherlock his full attention, "I'm sorry, Baby, that shouldn't have happened."
Sherlock hadn't shivered at all since John had tucked a second blanket over him and set the incubating cover atop his cot. It would all have to come off again in a few minutes, once Sherlock's treatment began, but for the moment John wanted him to be toasty warm and comfortable.
Daddy and I have come to an agreement that I'm allowed to skip tea on most days so long as I've had breakfast and lunch, but I hadn't eaten much of lunch that day.
John sighed and wheedled, "Please? For Daddy?"
That did it. Sherlock couldn't stop himself from crying now. He didn't mean to make Daddy worried. He didn't want Daddy to feel bad. John felt bad and it was all his fault.
O.o Second time around with the peroxide, one of the fruit fly cadavers makes a fizzy-popping noise!
Irene herself had already refitted a few of the rooms for her own purposes; for when she entertained particularly kinky, particularly
A grin grew on his face as he watched his baby doze. Sherlock was so perfect. Even like this. Especially like this.
No one would. Long-term especially, people found Sherlock too much to handle as his adult self; how on earth could he ask it of someone to deal directly with his overly needy 'little' side on top of the rest?
