Sherlock pulled a worn pair of trainers out of her scratched up attaché and rolled her eyes. “I’m hardly a damsel in distress, Lestrade. You should know that by now. Bring my backup mobile with you when you find it, I’m fairly certain it’s broken. We’ll catch a cab back to the Yard.”
It was pretty much a miracle, as John found himself going for women who were unassuming more often than not. She'd seemed as much on their date. She seemed to be someone who had her future blandly set out in front of her and was taking it step by step. And yes, that was what he thought he'd wanted.
Writing the letter was difficult. He wanted to tell John that he'd never felt the way he felt then, that he was handsome and wonderful and he wanted him more than life itself. Hyperbole on the last bit, but still. Every time he put his pen to paper, flowery language seemed to spill from him. It was embarrassing. He wanted to tell John how he felt without seeming mad, and everything he wrote had a tinge of madness.
"I'm not going to use a bloody brace!" Sherlock hissed, thinking this whole ridiculous adventure had been a bad plan.
"We're missing the Gala," Sherlock murmured, hands sneaking into John's trousers to take his arse in their cold grip.
John looked over at him and rolled his eyes, seeing something Sherlock was sure wasn't there. His face looked...fond. "Yeah, good plan, seeing as I wouldn't let you out of the flat even if you begged," and there was a sigh in there, along with the fond smile. "Chinese?"
Sherlock appraised him, eyes narrowed, and disagreed. "I don't think so. I think we've just got to sneak into the kitchen and bring lunch back up here. The weather has cleared and we won't see another mild day like this for a while."
"You mean I don't get to hit someone without filling out paperwork?" John asked, letting the paper fall enough to cock an eyebrow at Sherlock. "Political correctness gone mad."
'The man clearly has commitment issues. Can't hold together a real relationship, so he's hired you to play pretend,' the Mycroft in Sherlock's head supplied.
Taste was a common one. He pulled out his mobile and started to sift through stories of people's tastebuds acting strange when they met their soulmate. Why he hadn't heard it theorized that what changed would be something you consume a great deal of probably had more to do with deletion than anything else. He'd never assumed that he'd need to know anything about soul mates.
"You alright?" John asked, causing Sherlock's eyes to flit from the page up to meet his across the way.
Five harrowing hours later, and Sherlock and John were sitting on the kerb waiting for medical attention next to DI Hopkins. They were all a bit banged up, but their excitement after making the arrest wasn't dampened.
It took another date, this time at an equally small pizza shop, for John to get up the nerve to kiss Sherlock. They'd made it up to his flat, his roommate out for the night, and were sitting on the sofa watching a movie. They were also holding hands. That was very nice, very nice indeed.
John looked on as he turned to walk away. "I'm, uh, heading this way," John said, pointing in the opposite direction and scrunching his nose up at the fact that Merrick was looking between them as if to say he didn't know who to follow.
"Interesting name," John said, passing the coffee over. "Here you go. And some biscuits. On the house."
"I need an assistant," Sherlock said, nodding to himself as if things were finally going in a direction he was comfortable with. "A live-in assistant. As you've said, you doubt my ability to care for myself, and as we both know, you abhor your current living situation. It's a nice flat, two bedrooms and a fireplace in the sitting room. Central London."
John was waiting in the hallway of the hospital, the plastic chair digging into his sides, when he got a notification that he had a new comment. It wouldn't look good to be playing around on his mobile whilst being interviewed, he'd grant that, but he was still waiting for the interview to start, so it probably didn't count.
Sherlock went to the plate and peeled back the foil to find his favourite pastry and some pieces of cheese. It wasn't really a meal, more like she was feeding a stray animal, but it was perfect.
He breathed against Sherlock's forehead for the remainder of the night, figuring that he would have to bring up the issue of his being a ghost the next day. That night, though, he would have Sherlock in his arms.
Now, suffering from the ache in his stomach that had started with this whole fiasco, he got on his hands and knees and pried up the board just inside Sarah's bedroom closet. The box was sat there, covered in dust, looking completely unassuming. Nothing sentimental about it, just an old breaker box he'd lifted from the basement of his old building. It was empty, and a light beige, and it looked very much to be in the right place. He'd even fashioned bits of wire that went to nowhere. The only person that would have known it was out of place would be someone with a knack for electronics. Sarah, along with Mrs H, weren't so inclined.
Sherlock and John woke the next morning around dawn. They were wrapped in each other's arms under the covers, a luxury they'd only had the luck to experience once before. Sherlock squirmed against John and nuzzled his neck, the affection in him bubbling over.
Derrick took the cap off the marker and drew a peace sign on the wall. He looked to Sherlock and held the pen out.
"And the private cases I take are usually paid in favors. Over six restaurants in London take my name in lieu of payment and another dozen small businesses do the same. Unfortunately, none of them happen to be the electric company. They, it seems, are rather more hesitant to work on a barter system."
John saw Greg approach out of the corner of his eye and turned to ask him to have the posh bastard removed from the center.
Sherlock sputtered and cursed himself for the visceral response to the man's presence. "Coffee. Large. Four sugars."
"I'll call a cab," John replied, going into the hallway and doing just that as Sherlock ate the heel of bread in two bites.
Sherlock's eyebrows raised and he must have sat there for a long while, because a confused response was sent.
"For god's sake," Sherlock replied with a sigh, "just write it down. Honestly, we both know you can hear me, so-"
They hadn't done that before, but every inch of John's body was singing to him about what a brilliant idea it was. Brilliant, truly brilliant. He pulled his fingers from Sherlock and poured a small amount of the oil on his cock, stroking it once.
That thought bore fruit an hour later when he entered the room to ask if the men were finished with the paperwork, only to find them sitting facing each other and giggling. Really. Giggling and poking each other.
When he got back to his bunk after supper, he opened it right away, the sounds of the men and women around him dulling as he began to read.
John's heart felt as if it had crashlanded in a field. He could barely breathe. Who on earth was this man? What had he done to give himself away? Was it a look? Was it the way he spoke to Sherlock? His brain was going in two different directions at once, worried about how Sherlock knew and reminding him that he wasn't gay...not really. He was...something in between.
When the silence dragged Sherlock cleared his throat and filled it. "I'm...I'm sorry if you were worried."
Sherlock grunted in agreement. "Yes. School night, after all." After another pause, one last one for good measure, he supposed, Sherlock went on. "Goodnight."
Spent the day running away from responsibility. It's been a long time since I've smiled. I don't mean that to sound melodramatic.
"How did you-" John's voice cut out as Sherlock tapped his finger on the stack of books in front of them. He snickered and shook his head. "Yeah, sorry. I suppose these things get me a bit off my game."
"I suppose I just don't like reading about the Major," Sherlock replied, somehow forgetting that he was meant to be in trouble due to how painfully jealous he was.
"Goodnight, Dr Watson," he murmured, ringing off and walking starkers into the kitchen to do a little research on the good doctor.
"Yeah, well, that had nothing to do with the fact that they're women," John said, nostrils flaring. "It had to do with the fact that I hate people in general. And might I add that you're no exception."
Yesterday there was an accident. It involved heavy machinery and a private I knew. I can't shake it. His leg got caught and he was spun around and Jesus, by the time I got to him he'd hit his head maybe fifty times. It wasn't even solid anymore. An accident. I could handle injuries caused by war, but this man, this boy, laying in my arms, already gone, was too much. I feel hollowed out, my insides scooped clean. I can't even cry. I feel like crying is what I should be doing, but I can't. I feel like everything has been taken out of me and I've been stuffed full of rocks. I don't know if I'll ever get over it. I may never be really human again, and the worst part is that seeing all those injuries, seeing all those men killed by the war I'm fighting, looking into the holes in their bodies and picking up pieces of them from the floor, that wasn't what did it. None of that really affected me. It took this to get me to feel.
At the front desk, a button was pushed. Unseen, Greg Lestrade let out a huge sigh and opened his desk drawer to the file of cold cases he used to feed Sherlock's hungry mind. It was only a few seconds later that the man in question barged through the door and sat with a huff across from him.
"If that's a problem," Mycroft tried, pulling his tie over his head and laying it across the arm of his chair.
"You are going to use a brace," John replied with practiced calm, "and you're going to take it easy with the...repetitive action."
Back to today. I wasn't looking forward to the convention. As much as I appreciate my readers I have trouble in situations that have me sitting for a long period of time. It was to my relief, and disbelief, that my day was destined to change.
"Everyone is interested in our relationship," Sherlock replied, face blank, "but no one has bothered you this much before."
John cocked his head to the side, unsure of what he was getting at. The move seemed to knock Sherlock for a loop and John thanked the man upstairs for a bit surer footing.
John closed his laptop and listened to see if he could tell of Sherlock was still awake. He couldn't hear anything so he slipped his laptop onto the bedside table and pulled the covers up, willing sleep to come.
"Molly," Sherlock said over John's shoulder. "Would you mind making some tea? The Director looks thirsty."
Sherlock walked out the door and down the hall, stopping in his office for an orange and heading into the library.
All of the air had been sucked from Sherlock's lungs and he sat there barely breathing. John was in Kandahar. John was in danger.
Three hours later they were up and dressed again, this time after a perfunctory shower, and heading to see the house on Baker Street.
"What is it like to kill a man?" Sherlock asked calmly, as though it weren't a horrible question to ask.
He knew he had minutes with which to work, and made his decisions with the urgency that was needed. He was a machine. He would get results.
"You act like an adult all the time," Sherlock said, "and that's why none of the children like you."
When John received the response, he was horrified. Of course, he supposed that was right. He should have been. It wasn't the first time in his life that an assumption got away from him; he was human after all. He let himself feel poorly over it a bit more as he read through the email for a second time.
Your first letter was a surprise. I admit that I only wrote back to amuse myself, as my boredom was starting to make my skin itch. I never intended to start up a correspondence with you, let alone one that would encompass so much.
Sherlock fumbled with his belt and zip and caught John's eye. John locked the door for good measure and then gripped Sherlock in a loose fist and gave him a slow tug.
John took it and let himself be pulled to his feet. As he wrapped up the food Sherlock walked back to the vicarage, Merrick suddenly awake and glued to his heel. John laughed at the traitor of an animal and let them stay ahead, walking slowly and wriggling his toes.
Luckily, before those thoughts could send him into shakes and the need for some bloody Alprazolam, they arrived. He got out and opened the door for Sherlock, leaning in and telling his driver to wait. Sherlock waited by the door for John to open it and then led the way to the morgue.
Sherlock shook his head, furrowed brows making him look especially kissable, and held his hand out. John pressed the flowers into it and Sherlock disappeared around the corner. And...that was alright, John supposed. It wasn't as if he was expecting the response he'd gotten from Mrs H. Sherlock was just more...subdued, and that was okay.
Mycroft scowled. (Point one for Sherlock.) "You know what I mean. It's been five years, Sherlock. Don't you think it's time to give up on this little...hobby, and come back to the real world?"
"But what if I wanted to tell you? What if I wanted to tell you it all?" Sherlock asked, jaw clenching.
John shrugged. "I've always wanted to get back into helping the underserved. The slums are much closer to the battlefield than anything country life could provide. I could lend a hand with medical issues as well as preaching. I've only just adapted to country life myself."
"Not surprised," John offered, "Lestrade mentioned that you don't eat on a case. You're really pushing the human body's boundaries. I should remind you of what happens to the malnourished mind."
"She was always a domineering woman. My father is afraid of her," Mycroft continued. "She still treats Sherlock and I like children."
John smiled at him softly when he turned around. Unfortunately for him, Sherlock had no intention of staying to chat.
Not sure if you remember me. We went on a date six months ago. I was the blond bloke who almost fell asleep in his pasta.
"Please, John," Sherlock begged, all other words leaving his mind, replaced by what were now his only two thoughts; please and John.
But that was too far. He let his head hang a bit and wondered absently at the horrible turn the night had taken.
"John, would you believe our families know each other? I've asked if we can come over and see her dear mother. Tea and biscuits all around," Sherlock chirped.
The statements didn't mesh with how Sherlock had acted during their walk, open and overflowing with the need to interact. They did, however, fit perfectly with how Sherlock had acted in the moments after he found out John was a vicar. He'd turned cold, a put upon disinterest changing the entire way John had first perceived him. He'd been frustrating, yes, but in the way something completely unknowable is frustrating, the way it pulls you in and confounds you. He had a feeling that wasn't the frustration Greg had been referring to.
"Uh, right cabinet over the sink," John said, scratching a hand across the back of his neck and peering, confused, at the man.
Yes, there was the insomnia and loss of appetite, but now it came together. PTSD. He'd been to war. The way he held himself, and the injury that was hiding under his scrubs (Leg? Shoulder? Abdomen) gave that away so glaringly Sherlock was ashamed at himself for not seeing it earlier.
John ran his hand down Sherlock's chest and the man arched into his touch, gasping and gripping John's hip, his own hips pressing forward against his will.
John took another step closer, the creak of his bike embarrassingly loud to his own ears, and cleared his throat.
John hated this sort of thing. The people there weren't ever really interested in his writing and he knew he was simply in the hall to fill his publisher's quota. It felt cheap. It felt like selling out.
The muscle tossed her bag aside and crossed his arms as Terry moved closer. For a second Sherlock thought she was going to get out of the situation unscathed.
"You prick!" Greg laughed, standing awkwardly as he wasn't sure how much affection was allowed in front of their place of work.
In the shop, Sherlock paused at that and sat back down, boots squeaking. In all honesty, she had no idea how to go about resurrecting a HUMAN. She missed Mrs H horribly, but there was really nothing to do about it but grieve. Once again, she felt powerless. It was the worst feeling in the world, made her stomach turn.
"Now is where you try to get trivial information out of me until you feel like you know me and won't be uncomfortable sitting next to me for the next two weeks. We can skip all that if you like and I'll save you the trouble of realising I'm only pretending to have read your books and we can get straight to sitting in awkward silence for..." Sherlock looked at his watch and closed his eyes for a second before going on. "The next eighty-four hours."
John stood a bit stiffer and gripped his leg. "And how exactly do you explain my books to other people, Greg?"
If Sherlock thought that she was as bad as they came, she had some learning to do herself. Even as other students might wilt under the pressure, Jane thrived, always had done. And now, now she felt a bit more alive in the face of it.
To answer one of your questions, there have been men that have died. Three the second night I was stationed here. It wasn't the greeting I was hoping for. And, yes, it's a bit too much to ask for photos of their corpses. Not because of my feelings, as that part of me is numb, but because of their families. If you were on the case, which would be solved without any suspense, as we know exactly what happened, I would allow it. Not sure the government would, though.
"Of course not," Sherlock sputtered, rolling his shoulders like his suit jacket wasn't fitting right. "We were meant to meet in the lobby."
The next hour Lestrade received a text from Sherlock. It came in five parts, due to the length, and explained everything that was needed to put the suspect that they had in custody away. Lestrade snorted and leaned back in his chair, turning his mobile off and throwing a smile at Mycroft before focusing back on the movie.
"You're brave after all," he said, treading water in front of John as Merrick swam out to join them.
"I understand the need to work. I was the same way. Don't think I've even let that go now. But here, in this room, you have to talk honestly," the man insisted. "I've got a lot of men and women to see, so I won't stand for wasted time."
He tried to open the door by reaching around Sherlock's side but Sherlock backed against it. And, Christ, now Sherlock was intrigued. Intrigued and close enough to smell the doctor's skin and feeling rather drunk on it. Which was...uncommon.
I'm so sorry. I really didn't mean to offend you. I think we should talk in private. If you'll give me your email address I'll make sure not to publish it. Once again, I'm sorry.'
Sherlock ignored the woman and introduced Jane to Lestrade, walking the three of them towards the entrance to the building, after retrieving her bag. “Jane goes everywhere with me.”
The coffee that night was completely awful. Just as bad as the first. Sherlock blushed a few times as John tried to flirt with him and then left two hours later without taking a second sip.
Well, it wasn't too suspicious, he figured. The 'exact wording' bit was a tad much, however, he really had nothing to lose. A response came immediately, meaning the man likely copied and pasted it right from the ad, meaning it was online.
So, it was strange, how now he felt it. Felt loneliness whenever John wasn't at his side. Felt that the air next to him was moving differently, as though a sudden storm would prove that rain fell everywhere but that compact space John should have held. Ridiculous thoughts. Ridiculous.
Greg's voice cut out and John could hear him arguing softly, his hand obviously over the receiver and muffling the words. The hand was dropped and Greg sighed.
"I suppose we're just suited to each other," John said, taking the soap from Sherlock's hand and turning him around by the shoulder to clean his back.
He'd painted 221c after cleaning out the junk and hadn't been too disappointed with the outcome. It was almost cheery. Someone like Sarah was bound to move in.
"In the morning?" John asked, walking forward and looking into Sherlock's eyes. "Do you often lose time?"
'I could always send you information on it, the next one. If you were interested,' Sherlock replied quickly.
For another man it would have seemed like a random thing that he'd spoken those words and not died, for him it felt like a sign. He'd lived, something he still didn't understand, and so he'd done what he thought he must; pay God back. He'd been a sinner, after all, and it felt like an act of contrition.
"Save that for my hand," he said, gripping Sherlock's chin, fingers slipping, and thrusting forward.
How it had happened that the lonely doctor had met, and somehow fallen for, a man so like himself was a mystery.
"So, why are you here?" Sherlock asked, once they'd sat in silence long enough for even him to want to break.
"Ejaculate? Yes, that was a bit of a concern, wasn't it? Good thing my brain was hormone muddled and eager. Now, I have to shower and you have to see if you can get back into your denims, because we have a horrible dinner to attend."
By the time they had made it back to the vicarage, they were both exhausted and grinning stupidly. Sherlock went to find towels as John brought the food he hadn't eaten to the kitchen and set it out on the table. When Sherlock returned he went straight to the cheese and started eating, handing the towel over just as he sat.
Sherlock moaned and rifled through his pockets for a few of the single packets he always kept with him. He passed them to John.
There wasn't a window in the room, so William turned on the light and started searching for the tea bags. John stood there watching him, the way he moved almost sinuously in the ill fitting blazer, the way he rose onto his toes for a second of glee when the box of Twinings was found.
John had to concentrate, harder than he had since uni, to pull the ideas together. Sherlock would say something about the building's construction and skip along to some other topic, leaving John to wonder how a window could have caused the deaths.
"You're forgiven. That's, ah, yeah, that's the end of that," John said, standing on his tip toes to kiss Sherlock on the nose. "Now get me something I can wear to bed and show me where the washing machine is."
It was at that very moment that someone walked in the open door. A tall man with broad shoulders and a strong chin. A tall man whose eyes were glued to his mobile. Sherlock's own eyes rolled back in her head so hard her whole head bobbed for a moment.
"What?" Sally asked. "Don't tell me yours is any better. She's a cold bitch. You don't marry a cold bitch by accident."
After dressing and trying to do something to the bit of hair that was sticking up on the side of his head, John followed Sherlock out of his bedsit and into a cab. He didn't exactly know what to do. Sherlock had yet to ask for his fee and he wasn't acting at all how John had thought he would. There wasn't any sexual tension in the cab, and Sherlock was keeping his hands to himself, which confused John even further.
(John's brain told him different, of course. It said that the look in Sherlock's eyes was definitely NOT ON.)
"Pleasingly so," Sherlock said, immediately feeling a flush begin at the husky quality his voice had taken on.
John laughed and Sherlock promised himself that it wouldn't be the last laugh he caused. He ducked his head and, perfectly synchronized, they walked out together.
It was dark by the time John made it back to the vicarage, weaving through the grass and frowning. He should have been happy to have a date. Surely, Rachel would be a lovely girl. And that, that, he thought, is what mattered, not how he felt about some brilliant man he knew.
"So, will you join me for dinner?" Mycroft asked, looking over and showing the most amount of emotion he had in the whole of the time they'd known each other.
Greg pulled the drawer open and tossed a condom at Mycroft, letting the man put it on himself, before finally pulling his trousers and pants off and chucking them to the side. He got back into Mycroft's lap and opened the bottle of lube, slicking up two of his fingers and burying them in himself without fanfare. His body opened immediately, aching to be filled, and he slumped against Mycroft's chest.
God, she needed it, needed to feel full. She added another finger, sliding them in and out and letting her head fall back with a thump. In all honesty, she wanted to find something, anything, cylindrical and just fuck herself raw. She pinched her nipple harder and fucked herself, feeling like she was so close, but not being able to go over.
The child next to them screamed loudly and Sherlock turned to glare at it. Face red and puffy from crying, it huffed an exhausted sigh and started to cry louder as mucus bubbled from its nose.
It was hateful how far away he was, just hateful. He felt that he could close his eyes and John would appear in front of him. He would just materialize.
Logically it made sense that Greg thought Mycroft was ashamed of him, but for once in a long while his life didn't move according to logic. He wasn't ashamed of Greg, were he a better man Greg would see that it was quite the opposite. He was proud of Greg's affection for him, had been. He'd wanted to show off that affection, have Greg join him at the club and take him to fancy parties.
He slipped into the back of the first cab to come his way, barely waiting for it to come to a stop, and ground out an address, leaning back to stare daggers out the window.
When John had been admitted into medical school his father hadn't said a word. Not a single bloody word. The man had told him so many times over the years that he was meant to be in the army, that it was a legacy he couldn't tarnish. He'd told him he wasn't smart enough for medical school. He'd told him he was a fool for applying and that he'd see, he'd see what an embarrassment the whole thing would become.
"Then you'll be late as well, what with all your things on the floor," she said with a shrug, leaving the building and slogging through the rain to the right building.
"I asked if he broke into your laptop. He does that with everyone if that helps. It's nothing personal. He's gone through my whole work computer, read every email I ever sent, and that's password protected," Greg added.
His words were cut off by John pushing home. Their mouths were a breath apart and John swallowed his greedy moan as he started to thrust. Their teeth clacked together and Sherlock's hands ran through John's hair, gripping and letting it go, gripping again.
And Jesus, that didn't help. The mouthy nurse to his lonely doctor? Bloody hell. John found himself pressing the heel of his palm against his crotch and leaning back a bit to push the laptop out of his lap.
John's eyes shot wide and he tried to sit up again. "What are you, what are you saying? Who the bloody hell do you think you-"
JOHN. YES, THAT WAS ME. I SUPPOSE I SHOULD EXPLAIN MYSELF. I HAD THOUGHT, THROUGH OUR TALKING, THAT YOU WERE UNATTACHED, AS I AM, BUT WHEN I READ THE NEW CHAPTER I REALISED THAT ASSUMPTION WAS INCORRECT. I'M AFRAID I CAN'T CONTINUE TO WRITE TO YOU IN A PERSONAL MANNER WHILE YOU PINE OVER THIS OTHER MAN. I APOLOGISE FOR THE MISUNDERSTANDING.
Jane felt as if her brain had gone through a blender. Sherlock's fingers on the inside of her wrist, seemingly feeling for a pulse, were driving her a bit batty and even her tongue refused to play along, the next uttered word coming out warped. "What?"
Sherlock huffed and stood with a wince, clearing off the kitchen table by moving things to the already crowded counters.
"I know what I said," Sherlock hissed, nose scrunching up. "Still not fair of you to take the option off the table."
Sherlock expected the usual dismissal from Greg and was humbled by his actual response. Greg took a step forward and squeezed his shoulder. Not a word spoken and yet, with that small move, Sherlock saw everything.
"Because I've been in love with you for three years and I've been too much of a coward to admit it," Mycroft said, looking out the window. "And because I've hurt you. Many times."
The medical bay was locked up. He and his commander were the only ones with keys. It seemed the best place to film. He didn't want to make a video like the other lads had, all braggadocio and dust, he wanted it to be just him. Just him and what he did.
Sherlock did a very good impersonation of a mime for the next half hour while the procedure was finished and the porter was convinced to be public spirited, and not kick them out on their arses. He even stayed quiet as they took a short shower and changed the bed, by then the silence felt like a steel cage around him.
"Perhaps better not to talk of it now, after...my apologies," Sherlock said, kicking himself and worrying John would now recognise his voice and end it all.
The frisson of heat that sent down Jane’s spine was exhilarating, if not wholly new, and she found herself licking her lips and nodding once. ‘Hell, what have I got myself into?’ she wondered.
"I really should go to sleep, though," Sherlock admitted, at length. "Perhaps you could read in bed with me until I fall asleep?"
John placed a hand on his knee, doctorly, and Sherlock fell silent. After a beat, John nodded and Sherlock nodded back.
"Who is he, to you?" Mycroft said, sounding concerned. "And how did you wind up involved with someone overseas?"
"Oh," James said with a soft sigh, "is that it? You know, you believed the same thing of the army back when you were fighting under me. Thought a man with the kind of interests as you would be better somewhere besides the front lines."
Sherlock moved again, slowly, and then once more. Before they knew it, he had found a rhythm and was bouncing up and down in John's lap like he couldn't get enough. John hushed him a bit, though the sounds he was making weren't even loud enough to be considered moans, and wrapped his arms around his back.
Sherlock hopped from his seat. He was eager to speak to John in private and Mrs Hudson had been fluttering at their heels a bit more than normal, what with the heat keeping her from the garden.
Jane was gobsmacked, mouth hanging open and everything. There was no way the woman should know about her illegal firearm. She wanted to ask how she knew, but her brain was scrambling to even believe she had said what she had.
"Come to bed with me," John said at length, taking a chance and hoping he'd read things right. Sherlock nodded and John let out a sigh and kissed his neck.
Sherlock got halfway through before he needed to stand up and walk about a bit. It wasn't that he was enjoying it, really, but rather that he was embarrassed for the characters. They were crude and obvious and, yes, yes, embarrassing. It was all so embarrassing.
"We believe your husband has been caught up with smugglers dealing in face jewels. Would it be possible for myself and my colleague to inspect your wedding band and any diamond earrings you have?" Sherlock asked.
So, here goes. And tell me if you never want to hear from me again, yeah? Just so I know. So I'm not just waiting forever.
"Go get it, then," John said, pointing behind them to a large box on the entryway chair. "We wouldn't want to be late to the work Christmas party. Sends a bad message."
"It might rain," Mycroft said, shifting from foot to foot, after Sherlock had ended the call. "Don't you think we should eat inside."
"No, you great git, I'm getting a book," John explained. "A good book, and a few blankets, and I'll have Mrs H make you some more of that soup you like."
John rolled his eyes and the small lamp next to the bed turned on as the other lights and the telly switched off. Sherlock grinned at him and John pulled him to his side and went about reading. Sherlock watched him until his eyes refused to stay open, and then fell into a deep sleep.
Sherlock did, starting at the beginning and speaking at breakneck speed. Each time he got excited he moved a bit closer, until he was wrapped around John completely, his legs holding onto one of John's and his arms tangled up around him.
The man stood and tried to hit John, John deflecting the hit and landing one of his own. The crunch of the man's nose was enough to make everyone wince. Luckily, the man left before they could get into even more of a fight. John didn't think he'd be able to explain away a broken window to his boss.
That was how he ended up dating women again. Whether it was intentional or not, he simply couldn't put himself in that emotional position again.
John pulled Sherlock's mobile out of his inner jacket pocket and went about entering his number in it.
Sherlock pushed the pad of paper over and set a biro on it before going back to his book. And John, John couldn't bring himself to move. He swallowed once, twice, and then sat with a harrumph on the bed, sending the papers to the floor.
Sherlock couldn't tell if it was the right answer from the reaction. With nothing to go on, he went to his bag of tricks, or index cards, rather. "How did you two meet?"
"Mrs Hudson," he spat back, snapping from his thoughts and going to stand behind her in the kitchen. "How many times have I told you-" he stopped when he saw exactly where she was cleaning. "Oh, thank you for avoiding the, uh..."
It was impossible to tell what John looked like at that point, and though Sherlock didn't know why he wanted to know so badly, afforded him the opportunity to close he video and never watch it. He could walk away. He was already too bloody invested.
Sherlock smiled, not used to being charmed by pushy behavior. This type, though, was laced with something sweet. 'Am I that easy?' he thought.
"John, I don't know what to do," Sherlock interrupted. "I've not seen anything like this. At first I thought it just a cut-"
Sherlock licked again, this time looking up to see John's reaction and John grunted and pulled him up, just in time to shake and spurt against his naked thigh. He came hard. He wasn't sure he'd ever come so hard since he was a teenager. It was like learning what pleasure was all over again.
John made his way through the tall grass to where Sherlock and the body seemed to be nearly conversing. Sherlock let go of the man's hand and stood, eyes flitting over John's shoulder to the policemen, and then back to John's eyes.
Sherlock must have been feeling better, because instead of sitting in his chair and pouting, he followed John to the tube station, walking along with him and asking all kinds of questions about the army.
"Tonight?" Sherlock sputtered, thinking about how he needed to get home THAT SECOND to start cleaning.
Sherlock glanced up quickly and took in the tight smile, how it didn't reach John's eyes. "You believe you have too many for anyone to want to stay."
"And that's why this marriage isn't working; you don't ever really want to talk to me," Sally said, her voice sounding so hurt that Sherlock glanced up in astonishment.
"Well, you did say you didn't have anything for it," Jane explained, remembering the words well, as they had hurt.
The second the door was locked behind them, John was pulling Sherlock close by the collar of his shirt and kissing him. Sherlock huffed into his mouth, feeling dizzy and as though he wouldn't be able to stand much longer. The feeling intensified as John went to his knees before him and pressed him bodily to the wall, fingers opening his flies and pulling his prick out.
He was sick, John would have known that even without his soon-to-be degree. Sick and old and beaten down by a life that never quite rose to meet his standards.
Sherlock stiffened at the obvious mistake of being honest with anyone, ever, and linked his hands behind his back. He scanned Mike’s body frantically with his eyes.
"I-I-" he sputtered, feeling even more out of place as the two men in front of him refused to break their gaze. "Should I come back later?"
Greg sighed as Mycroft pressed two wet fingers into his already relaxed arsehole. Mycroft didn't waste time opening him up, honestly worried Greg might fall asleep. Greg whined when Mycroft removed his finger but was soon moaning.
John slowed his hand and coaxed out the last of Sherlock's orgasm before grunting and stilling and coming in his own pants against Sherlock's thigh.
Sherlock scrambled over and pulled two bottles out, chose the white one, and set it on the bedside table. John was telling the woman what she was to do to keep the wound clean and how often to take the pills and Sherlock's chest was doing something peculiar. It was expanding, at least it felt it, expanding until he felt as big as the room they were in. He was close to overflowing with the need to kiss John, the need to pull at his lips with his teeth and rut  against his leg.
John smiled at the sadness in Sherlock's eyes and nudged him with his shoulder. Sherlock's eyes shot up to his.
John looked up at him and brought his hand up to Sherlock's shoulder. Sherlock glanced over at it and then back at John.
John sighed and looked up. "No. You did. Don't...don't make me say it. I wasn't in the best shape, and you, you did that. Just...just, thank you." A silence fell between them, and john couldn't let that be. "And as for Doc, she was a horrible counselor to begin with, she didn't have to go and stab me."
Cold showers only work if you also abstain from imagining the person you're attracted to being in there with you.
He didn't know at the time that going to war would shake that feeling, that a battlefield was very different from the A&E, that he would doubt his ability with his mate's bodies in his arms. But that, that would come much later. In the meantime, he felt as if his father would come around. He was sure that the man would see him succeeding and be proud in a way he hadn't been since John was six and wanted to grow up to be just like the man.
And surely, this was where it was to all fall apart. Two years, they'd been together, and now it was over. Sherlock drank from his champagne flute and went over how it had all happened. Things were fine that evening, John just back from a business trip, but something was stirring. They'd barely had any time to themselves, and John had only kissed him eight times. Eight times in two hours, which obviously signaled that John had found someone else.
All of that was weighing heavily on John's mind, he wasn't sure why it bothered him, when Sherlock spoke again.
Sherlock rose from the sofa and went to adjust John's tie. "You look fine," he murmured, pecking John gently on the lips.
He had the samples under the microscope, and had Lestrade's answer in hand when he heard two people walk in. One, obvious by his gait, was Mike.
"I was supposed to be angry with you but I really can't manage it," Greg said, walking over and setting a newspaper down in front of them.
John bristled at the thought that Sally didn't believe his own account of the coffee the night before, but let it go. Sally was fairly easy to work with so he went about wiping down the counter as Sherlock walked in.
"Why is it raining so BLOODY hard?" Sherlock groused, reaching his hand out to hail a cab and frowning violently.
"Let's...let's make a promise, yeah?" he asked, looking up at William with new determination. "Let's not speak of it again. Anything but marriage. What do you say?"
John let Sherlock lick into his mouth and pull at his hair a while longer before pulling his own shirt over his head and tossing it to the side, sighing as their chests pressed together and Sherlock started to roll his hips. It was hot, their proximity and movement making sweat bead between John's shoulder-blades, and desperate.
The first year together, John let the day pass without notice. They were a month into marriage and in the midst of a case on their bloody honeymoon, and the only thing on his mind at the time was getting out of the back of the hotel lobby without inviting gunfire. So, no, they didn't celebrate, but they did end up having spectacular 'I can't believe we survived' sex in an alley.
John crossed his arms and resolutely did no such thing. Who in the hell did Sherlock think he was? Demanding some response as if John were a trained monkey.
"You're too young to have given up surgery in the field by choice, and too much of a martyr to let anything short of a devastating wound put you down. If it was to a leg you would have come back champing at the bit to get your hands back into a patient. Now you're upper management and away from patients all together. So, it was the hands. Those are pristine, aside from the callouses gained from using your military weapon, so higher up. Tendons, nerves, damage possibly in the shoulder or shoulders. Hands don't work like you used to, so surgery is out, and becoming a GP with a general salary and a comfortable position wouldn't fit. You're used to fighting. You've taken that skill to the boardroom, then."
"Stay still, John. Please stay still. I'll, I'll, um, get a nurse," Sherlock sputtered, standing awkwardly and almost tripping over his own feet.
To move it, to pick it up from his lap, would be bad, Sherlock decided. The last thing he needed was John waking up with a start. Instead, he went around the back of John's chair and leaned over it to read. John's head was slumped to one side, leaving bare an interesting patch of neck, and Sherlock allowed himself to sniff it once before reaching over John's shoulder to touch the mousepad. And then, yes, he smelled him again. It was...soothing somehow. Skin and Salonpas and something warm and spicy.
Greg stared at him, hoping to catch a lie, because this was all honestly too damn much for him to process in the middle of the night. "But it wasn't about sex?"
"Your club?" Greg asked, confused. They'd dated for almost a year and Mycroft had never taken him to his club. It had been one of his bones of contention when they broke up; that Mycroft seemed ashamed of him.
Sherlock breathed unsteadily. "I was going to run away to France so that I could continue to write to you. I knew...I knew once I met you it would all be over."
"What on earth are you so excited about? That you forgot how to make a decent cup of coffee, or that you forgot to rinse the soap from this mug?" he demanded, feeling a little embarrassed, thought he wouldn't admit it.
"My pretty boy," John murmured, hand moving to brush the fringe from Sherlock's brow. "So gorgeous."
Sherlock looked to be thinking on that for a moment before he spoke. "It's just, well I had thought you were asking someone else. Liquid courage and all."
He ran up the stairs and stripped off his clothes, making a mental note to get his coat dry cleaned, and started up the shower. When it was near scalding he hopped in and scrubbed himself clean of the smell of the city. He had enough grime on his clothes to have soaked through to his skin, the rain not helping, and he was more fastidious than most thought when they spied him going through bins for clues.
Mike smiled at him and went about getting his things from the boot. "You know, you said that out loud," he chided gently, but Sherlock wasn't listening.
He helped Sherlock to the kitchen and stood looking around. They were both breathing hard, John from the exertion and his out of shape body, and Sherlock from the injury to his ribs. The only sound was their mingled panting and the light rain on the far window.
Sally stood from Greg's lap and raised her hands in the air. "And I'm never paying for drinks ever again!" The group cheered louder as she made her way to Mycroft's side. "I thought you were a prick, gov! He's happy, though so I guess you aren't all bad. You fuck with him and I'll kick you're arse." She punctuated the thought with a wet kiss to Mycroft's cheek, frowning once she realised what she'd done and taking a long sip of the lager Mycroft hadn't finished.
John scrunched up his nose at it, the simple acknowledgment of his action and existence, and shook his head. He'd never be rid of this peculiar man.
Sherlock grunted and went to gather the takeout menus together. He hoped wildly that John would notice that he'd cultivated the best grouping of them. He wouldn't go for just any chow mien, no matter how much was knocked off the price.
"It's just for sleep," Dr Willar said, cutting through his thoughts. "Sometimes doctors need to take something for sleep. I've prescribed four pills. Four nights of sleep, and I think you'll be fine."
John showed up at 221b that night with a bouquet of flowers, deep reds and milky whites, and a hesitant smile. Being met by an overly excited old woman you don't know instead of your date can do that to a man, after all.
"There are samples, you can look them up online. The building was demolished last year. Like I said, you don't have to leave," Greg said, taking a step forward and watching John carefully.
Mike choked on his coffee, some of it going onto his paisley tie. “Beg pardon? Jenny isn’t pregnant.”
That did several things to John. The first of which was a clenching in his stomach as he thought about James and how they had been torn apart before their time. It felt like a physical wound. Somehow, sickeningly, at the same time he felt a flood of deep relief. Sherlock had no idea that he was in love with him. He was off the hook, in the clear.
"The food is hardly the pull, is it?" Sherlock said quickly. Maybe that was a bit much, showing his cards. It was too late, anyhow, so he tried not to feel too stupid.
"I could use a dip," Sherlock replied, already removing his shirt. "The warmth doesn't treat me well."
After they'd dressed, Sherlock and John picked up some pastries and caught a cab the whole two hours back to London. It occurred to John while they rode that the killer had gone very far out of his way to find Sherlock.
Merrick came running just then, thoroughly soaked and covered in the sandy muck that made up the bank in the area, and jumped with such force as to near soak John. Sherlock watched, eyes wide, and laughed harder than John had ever heard.
I'm out of my depths. I've spent my life being out of my depths. I come across confident, and sometimes I am, but at my core, at the very seat of me, I'm swimming upstream. And there, that might be what ends this. You're a genius and I'm trying my bloody hardest to stay afloat.
Toby managed to get a good hold on the leather cover and Sherlock felt the two or three pages he could scramble for rip; just a pathetic few triangles of blank margin left in his hands as he stumbled out it Toby’s grip.
He'd seen two of his classmates meet their soulmates, something that often happened to people who stayed living in the same town they grew up in, and told himself he wasn't jealous.
"Can I fuck you?" John asked, the rough word and the sight of his hair finally mussed doing interesting things to Sherlock's breathing.
"Consulting detective," Sherlock explained. "Only one there is. I assist the Met when they're out of their depths and the public when it interests me."
When they pulled up outside a building with ornate pillars and men at the door Greg smiled and exited the vehicle, waiting for the assistant to do the same. Once she met him under the overhang they walked inside, Greg not missing the looks from some of the patrons.
"Guilt. It concerns you a great deal. I'd bet guilt was the whole reason you got into this field," Sherlock said offhandedly. "What was the sermon about, anyhow?"
Sherlock stayed silent and got down two mismatched mugs from above the stove. Jane stood as close as appropriate and watched the water be poured, and tea bags placed, and sugar dispensed.
"Neighbor," Jane interrupted forcefully. She saw the small frown crawl it's way onto Sherlock's lips, but stood with the statement. Second person in one day that thought they were 'close' like that.
Sherlock had their trust. He'd been working towards that point for two years, being the catalyst for change that the group sorely needed. He made sure they were seen to at local clinics and took care of the abusive johns. Their guardian angel, someone had said, though he didn't see it that way. Doing what was right was hardly angelic, it was just right.
After a long pause Sherlock drew in an audible breath and spoke. "Are you sure you don't remember your aunt? What about your sibling?"
Sherlock wasn't sure why it seemed important, but he stored away the fact that John had eaten precisely half of his own omelette.
"Nonsense," Sherlock shot back, strong-arming her dark curls into a knot high on her head. "She didn't have relatives. I would have known. They would have visited."
It took Sherlock three days before he was able to look at the story again. He couldn't even bring himself to open his laptop before then, perusing the Internet on his mobile until his eyes got tired of the small print. During those three days he was more irritable than normal, and even Mrs Hudson noticed. She fed him more and he cursed this supposed doctor for it.
Jane squealed and laughed, shaking her body as though she could rid herself of the joyful disgust if she moved at the right tempo. “Don’t bring up your father!”
"Drinks, dinner and drinks," John said, his voice less rough around the edges now that the tension was gone. "Tomorrow night."
Sherlock shook her head and went to collect her unopened mail from the shop. She could still feel Jane's touch.
Sherlock had been put up with a family in the town where the transport picked up the new soldiers for the base. He was currently assigned to a dignitary who was supposedly important to the whole world, and was meant to spend his downtime trailing a seemingly unending list of up-and-coming enemies of the Queen.
"Because this wasn't what I really wanted," Mycroft admitted, already groaning and rolling his hips.
"If you needed it, money, that is, to make my brother comfortable, you would have it. It and any one of our homes across England. We have quite a few." Mycroft explained.
"Don't you dare make me come yet, you bastard," Sherlock cursed, taking the tip of a third finger with a small hiss.
"Good day," Sherlock said with a tip of his head, making his way quickly around a muttering Lestrade and to the front desk where they printed out permits and the like on the new ink jet printer.
looking, but there was something that simply had his heart racing. He couldn't put his finger on it.
"I had a cake made in the shape of a cadaver," John pressed, gripping Sherlock's hips roughly and bodily pulling him onto his cock.
Sherlock looked at John for a moment, nodding to the side as they apparently had a whole conversation without a single word. When John finally nodded back and sat up straight Greg braced himself.
"He won't come," Greg said, the line scratchy. "Says he knows it's a surprise party. Maybe next year we can-"
The phone on the desk rang, the tinny sound making Sherlock wince. John thrust into him twice more and stilled.
"Sherlock is an important asset. Keep him safe and I'll do the same for you," the detective said, sliding over a laminated badge with John's photo, the one from his driver's license, and name on it.
Sherlock swallowed roughly, hating the memory of that day. He couldn't stop himself from his deductions, however, and the ones he had made earlier came spilling from his mouth. When John paused he thought he'd stepped too far.
"You wanted your reward, yeah?" John asked. "Wanted to be rewarded for being such a good patient. Such a very good patient."
Sherlock took the phone, still smiling. "This had better be good. John was whispering sweet nothings in my- no we aren't drunk. Yes. Yes. Oh, god yes."
Sherlock found himself rather turned on by that, even as some part of him shouted that he should be jealous. "Very practiced?" he asked, breathless.
Sherlock frowned. He was shifting to adjust his burgeoning erection. How one was meant to explain that, he didn't know, and didn't want to find out.
"Let's consummate this marriage thing," Greg said, pushing back again and wriggling out of his pants.
This wasn't...this wasn't how he'd expected it to be. Somewhere in his mind he was completely unattached to his body and was marveling at how different it was all going than he'd expected. He'd thought the evening would involve him slumped over an uninterested party, fucking into him until he came and disappointed them both. This was the last hurrah, after all. This was the night he was going to finally suck-start his sig. Nothing in this night was meant to feel this good.
Sherlock Holmes had been a friend of Mike Stamford’s for many years. When Mike explained that to people for the very first time, he always seemed to get the same response:
"Are you digging for the murder weapon?" Sherlock asked, as he was prone to. "Did you get killed on the property? Is the weapon buried?"
Settled on it, he went to his desk and pulled out a biro and a fresh pad of paper. It was rather easy, starting up a conversation with a person who obviously needed someone to talk to. He set pen to paper and began the letter.
"Yoo-hoo!" Mrs Hudson said from the stairs, startling Sherlock into a strange crouched position on the sofa's edge.
"I know," John murmured, wrapping his arms around him, "I know. It's okay. Why don't we crawl into bed? Hmm? I think this is enough for one night."
Come back and comment again. If you want it to be private, I won't post it, but know that you're welcome here. None of my readers would mock you, and neither would I.
Sherlock took a deep breath and tried for composure as a flush crept up his cheeks. "I just happened to pick out the perfect heterosexual attire."
John chuckled and pulled him close for a kiss. Sherlock sighed as John's hands found their way into his hair and fingers scratched at his scalp. When he pulled away he was already breathless.
That shot a pleasant sort of shock through him. John thought he was desirable. John wanted to date him. John might think he was brilliant forever, might sleep with his arms around Sherlock's waist, might sit too close at coffee shops and pick up the groceries and rub his feet when they were sore from chasing criminals and bloody move with him to the country when he retired and-
"Now you're back, love," the woman said, walking to the entry and retrieving the tray she'd  brought up, "that's all that matters."
Sherlock's smile was so small and brief that John almost missed it. He watched as Sherlock walked into the room and then collapsed against the wall with a sigh.
They drank down their glasses and started to strip. John got down to his pants and vest and slipped under the covers, happily pouring himself another glass. Sherlock brought him an ice pack for his forehead and climbed into the bed next to him in just his pants. He felt nervous even though it was obvious John wasn't interested in...well...
John rolled his eyes and pulled Sherlock under, the two of them wrestling and laughing the whole while.
The fact that she hadn't noticed Sherlock there just went to prove how impossibly bad she was at that little hobby. Killing just wouldn't be something she would continue to succeed at.
"Good. You're just fine, aren't you? It's always better when it's a bit wet. Can't wait to get you to a bed. Would you like that?"
Sherlock ducked down and sealed their lips together soundly, surprising both of them and letting out a small squeak. John huffed against his mouth and held him close, shocked by how plush his lips were. For some reason, he had thought that kissing a man would be markedly different from kissing a woman. He found that the only difference was that the lips belonged to a man.
Before John could say mistake Sherlock found his lips and was somehow pressing his tongue between them. Sherlock's hand shifted into short hair and scratched against his scalp and John was moving against his mouth and breathing roughly through his nose and it felt overwhelming in a way Sherlock rarely allowed himself outside of chemical means.
"No small talk today, I've had too many people blabbering away at me already. Get your cock out," Sherlock insisted, walking around John's desk and dropping his trousers right there.
“The Peking duck is superb,” Sherlock said, sitting back in the booth and not bothering with a menu.
He poured the powder out, teased it into a line, and used the straw to suck it up into his nose, bent completely in half and ribs pressing into his calves.
As he'd planned, the whole 'locking the DI out of his office' bit had caused quite the commotion, and no one had noticed the pictures being printed out. He ignored the confused looks and snatched the pile, going through it quickly and leaving behind what wasn't his, and left.
He stood up on shaky legs and went to lay down, watching as John stood and removed the rest of his clothes and turned the main light out, the reading lamp making the room glow a dim orange. John wet one of the hand towels in the loo and returned to clean Sherlock up and crawl under the covers next to him.
John found the bandage and old ice pack abandoned on the floor in the loo, along with two other towels. He rolled his eyes and hung the towels, to avoid a wet sock later on, and went about wrapping the new ice pack, along with the bandage and insulation, around Sherlock's thin frame.
He was pulled from his thoughts when Merrick, apparently done with his sniffing, sidled up to the man and lay on his side with his head in the crook of the man's arm. John snorted at the hound and the man's arm came down to pull him close and scratch him behind the ears, still seemingly unaware of John's presence.
"Dr John Watson. He'll be assisting me today," Sherlock said smoothly, reaching for a pair of gloves and handing them to John.
The remainder of the letter was an intense recounting of recent cases and anomalies in corpses. It was interesting reading, along with the critiques of the people who worked at the Yard and the morgue. John found himself reading through it a second time before he could put it down. When he did, it was only to pick up a pen to start writing a bluey back.
If, IF, he decided to write back to this army fellow, he would have to make sure to hide the letters so that Mrs Hudson didn't know. She would definitely find it more than a bit not good.
"Did I never tell you?" she chirped. "Their mother was a good friend of mine, rest her soul. I've known Sherlock since he was in nappies."
Getting her things should have been easy. It was a phrase that kept bumping around in her head as she sat behind the desk of a detective, no, detective inspector, at the Yard.
"Apparently, we don't need central heating. It's only a matter of keeping you happy," Sherlock teased, his voice closer to normal.
"I think it was rather...sweet of you," Mycroft said, holding the door open and nodding for Greg to get out.
'-I have to tell you the truth. I'm not who you think I am. Not in the least. I'm not the woman you want to come home to, not the woman you want to marry.
John was talking, saying something in a tone that Sherlock found lovely, everything about John just then was lovely. His lovely fingers wrapped around Sherlock's cock and the word slipped from his mind, replaced with a groan of more and gnashing teeth. God. Good god. What on Earth?
Greg continued to look at his book, thinking it best to give Mycroft the comfort of not being watched. "You didn't trust me in the room alone with her."
Sally snorted. "That's about the ONLY thing he doesn't complain about. What on earth did you do to it?"
Sherlock's cheeks coloured and he grew angrier. "I told you, I injured myself hitting a man. I don't know what you THINK you've figured out, but you're obviously completely incompetent at your job."
He set his alarm for twenty minutes and then picked up the book he'd been reading earlier, a book he'd never admit to anyone was his favorite. His guilty pleasure. Secretive Ways by John Watson, the second in the Detective Miller series.
It wasn't the first time that thinking turned into a slick heat in his abdomen, something that felt almost dangerous in its intensity, and it wasn't the first time he'd given in to it and spent himself frighteningly fast over his own hand, but this time he was half asleep and the thoughts turned into a fully formed scene.
John set his plate aside, done eating what he could, and stood from the sofa. "Live or dead bodies?" he asked calmly, taking one last sip of his tea.
"I want you to marry," he croaked, smiling softly, even through the ache of it, as John turned his head.
"People's care isn't enough? Pensions, and the like?" John asked, displaying what he wanted Sherlock to say so obviously that it felt like a homing beacon.
After the sermon was long over and John was standing before the vicarage saying goodbye to the stragglers his spirits were lifted by the giddy way Merrick left his side. Surely, no one else in the town had any particular draw on the dog.
After three days of avoiding the story, he opened his laptop again to find it had been updated. Three more chapters.
"Missing-" Anderson tried, but Sherlock was already out the door and headed towards Lestrade's office.
He took another drag and reached over to his pile of records, pulling out the new Gloria Dee and slipping it from its sleeve. It was still a perfect, glossy black, only played once, and he moved it carefully to the player. The soft snick of the needle being placed was followed by static and then, finally, music.
The clouds in John's eyes seemed to clear and he took in a deep breath. "I did. In Kandahar. Can I ask how you knew?"
"No, no, I mean, that's how I got the first letter. It was my fault. I shouldn't have written back," Sherlock said, taking a cautious step back.
"Yes, if you're quite done," Sherlock interrupted, waving the waitress away with the menu like you might a stray cat.
It was genius. The woman knew that her husband hadn't been caught up in any such thing. By going along with it she surely saw it as throwing suspicion onto a gang of thieves. She schooled her face into a different form of shock, this one false, and nodded.
There was silence and then a cleared throat and John felt as if he really ought to be hitting something just then.
"How long," and Sherlock had to pause there to cough a bit, wincing, "how long do I get left alone?"
"Yeah, well, that goes double, then. My interest in your brother has nothing to do with you and I'd like to keep it that way," John said sternly. "Now if you wouldn't mind buggering off, I need to get back to my station."
Sherlock seemed to relax a bit and nodded. "Alright. Lunch it is. Although, not at the cafeteria, I seem to have contracted some sort of rash from the coffee they serve there."
When John did, he read on. The doctor brushed the fringe from the scientist's brow and both men shuddered. 'You're mad,' the doctor said, smiling gently, even after the fright just minutes prior.
'I thought you liked to be pushed, John,' the patient said, smile licking at the corners of his lips.
Sherlock huffed out a breath and nodded, stroking himself sloppily and biting his lip. It took less than fifteen strokes to get there, to tip over the edge. And then, after clumsily removing his pants and wiping his hand, he fell asleep to the sound of John breathing next to him. Almost.
"Trousers mended three times," Sherlock began, "look of hunger. The dark circles under your eyes and bloody callouses on your fingers suggest you're working yourself almost literally to the bone. Yet you can't afford to get your shoes fixed, walking about with holes in the bottom of both. You've know this woman for quite some time, but instead of looking at her face when you speak, your eyes flit from her purse to her necklace. You're desperate. Desperate men do desperate things. I think it's best if you don't see what might happen if you try to steal from a woman in front of myself and my companion. We're rather public spirited."
"I reckon I could get off just like this," he rumbled, rolling his hips so the head of his prick pressed, caught, and then retreated. "Could you?"
“I’m only answering because you’re the one cleaning the place out for the party. Don’t expect this new behavior to last,” Sherlock’s voice said, tinny through the line.
"Gone and hurt yourself?" Mr Hudson asked, walking over from the kitchen where he had been drying plates, and looking at her hand.
Sherlock broke into a grin and jumped from his seat. "Wonderful. I need to see it before that idiot from the Met."
"Do we know each other?" John asked, looking back over his shoulder to where Sherlock was flirting away, so very believably.
Greg pushed Mycroft back against the door and climbed into his lap, seatbelt deserted, kissing him soundly on the lips and clutching his hair in both hands. Mycroft wrapped his arms around Greg's waist and let the tears that had been threatening to fall for, honestly several years, do so.
“Your shoe is evidence, I just knocked a man out cold, and I have no idea what that was all about,” Jane replied. “Yet this is the best I’ve felt in months. I could kiss you.”
Sherlock spit out everything he'd been thinking, every bit of information he had gleaned from John's form and actions. His voice was tight and he'd mentioned possible PTSD and he was sure John would never speak to him again, and then-
He didn't know what that feeling would be like, that moment when things went from sweetness to heavy petting. He lay back on his bed and closed his eyes, imagining himself in one of the scenes he'd read. It wasn't one where he's pushy, not one where he takes charge, but one where's he's soft and immobile in the face of affection.
John hummed in agreement and Sherlock pressed forward to kiss him. John laughed against his lips and pulled him close.
"You brought me flowers," Sherlock murmured, finally glancing up and looking John in the eye, a strange thing to do with your hand still wrapped around a bloke's spent cock.
John was to arrive later in the day and something in Sherlock's mind kept suggesting that he wouldn't, that he'd spend the whole of the afternoon waiting strangely in his knickers just to be alone at sunset. He looked down at his half naked body and felt his cheeks flushing. He was trying for sexy, going for as suggestive as he could, but it felt all wrong.
Inside the box was what Sherlock thought best encompassed his mind. It was the box he hoped would be sold to some museum when he died of old age very far in the future. The most important things, the things held in highest regard, by the mind of a generation;
John showed him up to his room, walking him to the edge of his bed and kissing him roughly. It was intoxicating. He let his lips part slightly, the feel of Sherlock's bottom lip between his a surprise, and Sherlock's fingers went to the buttons of his shirt.
"Are you, that is, do you miss your significant other?" Sherlock asked, not understanding the sinking feeling in his stomach.
"Hold my hips," he demanded, pouring enough slick into his hand to make John worry about the cleanup.
Several minutes later, across town, Sherlock received a message on his blog. He'd been furiously updating it since he'd spoken with John, and was six months back at that point. It was the only way he could keep himself from pulling his own teeth out, or felt that way.
"And Lestrade had to pull him out," Sherlock said, continuing on without noting the fact that he'd been told no. "There he was, all dressed in blue cover ups and soaking and holding onto the end of a broom for dear life!"
Sherlock took a moment to catch up, but when he did he forgot all about his distaste for food. He smiled back, it going lopsided and funny, and nodded before speaking again. "Starving, Doctor Watson."
John took the receiver from her, not sure he'd ever be able to breathe comfortably again, and held it to his ear. "You know, you've given us away. Mrs Hudson knows I'm not going to see-"
Sherlock turned around and John simply smiled and shrugged. Sherlock marched over to him and pulled him in by his lapels. Never had he felt more ridiculously lucky. He looked John in the eyes for a second before kissing him.
It only took a few more thrusts into his hand, his ears not catching the way it made his bed whine beneath him, before he was quite literally choking and coming on his own chest.
There was a small cafe just down the street and they sat outside eating and taking in the park across the way and the unsurprising throng of people out. It was a lovely day, even that early. The trees and flowers were all in bloom and the sun wasn't particularly oppressive yet. The heat wave might come back, but for now a gentle breeze tickled the plants and the awning above the door.
"Let me have a look at your hand. Haven't lost all the knowledge I had as doctor, yet," Jane said, trying to be patient.
John glared at him and Sherlock added a quick smile to Greg. The man hadn't honestly been looking for a thank you, he'd worked with Sherlock too long to expect that, and found it funny that Sherlock seemed so keen to not upset his minder. Greg promised himself he'd look the doctor up once he was home, see where the hell he'd come from.
Greg finally got out of his pants and pushed Mycroft onto his back. "This is what you wanted, wasn't it?"
John walked a bit faster to catch up with him, his leg smarting. They had made it right to the edge of town and John cleared his throat.
"What do you want us to do, Greg?" John asked, sitting back in his chair and very purposefully putting an arm across Sherlock's shoulders.
John's right eyebrow lifted, bounced once as if to propose just that, and Sherlock shook his head. No. Not now. Not yet.
The truth was, he was fine. More than fine. He was happier than he had been in a while, but worried that it might not last, not after Sherlock saw the scar. It might have seemed ridiculous to anyone else, but John was only just getting used to the scar and had a much more visceral response to it, due to the way it came to be, than anyone else might. He felt like it wasn't just on his shoulder, like it stretched up to his face and distorted his features.
Sherlock closed his eyes and sought out John's mouth with his lips, sucking and biting as they rutted against each other there in the entryway. It wasn't long before they were both grunting and close to a finish that was a year in the making.
Sherlock was in a great deal of pain. It had been an hour since John woke, having actually slept fairly well, and he could hear the other man rousing and hissing. He wanted to go to the door, to knock and see if there was anything he could do, but he remembered how easily that sort of hovering could get annoying. Instead, he went about making breakfast.
"How did you sleep?" William murmured next, taking a step and nearly touching John when he put away his notepad.
Mycroft relaxed back in his seat across town. It had gone about as well as he had thought it would. He knew it was a bit soon for Sherlock, but it was close to too late for Jane. The woman was spending much too much time holed up in that bedsit with her gun.
His strangeness had definitely been a benefit when his mother, the hopeful woman, had attempted to find him someone to marry. The family was wealthy and well revered, making it difficult for Sherlock to avoid the pointed stares of many young women. A handful of animal remains was usually enough, though, to keep them at bay. They wanted to be married to a rich man, not a madman.
It happened sometimes. Her therapist said it was because she was 'obviously military', and people were curious about the cane. And it was probably true; she still kept her hair up in the tight bun she had since she had joined, taking the trouble of straightening it every morning for some semblance of order. That part was not her idea, but one that was pushed on her for years by her father. He'd always tried to reform her, always pushed for her to be more acceptable. In the end, she was just herself, and he was disappointed.
"Sherlock says you're to bring your medical kit when you come to London tonight," she explained, one eyebrow raised.
A grin slowly pulled at Mike’s mouth, and John could see the man’s younger self was still alive and well in there.
“John Hamish Watson. Always afraid you wouldn’t make it out. The prodigal son has returned. It’ll be just like the old days!”
"Oh," Mycroft murmured, the word turning into another moan as Greg's prick rubbed against the back of his bollocks.
He gripped the base and licked up the length of it slowly, eyes on John as he took the tip into his mouth, head tilted to the side. John ran his fingers into his hair and he let his eyes fall closed and tried to suck.
Sherlock looked to the floor and tried to will his body into submission. Now was not the time for an erection, thank you very much. "Sherlock."
"It feels quite refreshing," Sherlock said, taking a stick and poking it into the reeds near the edge of the water.
"Now," John said, clearing his throat and looking particularly warm and soft at that very moment, "if there are no more complaints, we'll start."
Mycroft waved a hand dismissively and John wondered if his whole family had that quirk. "Think of it as a dowry."
He held out his hand and William stared at it for a moment before taking it, echoing the words. John smiled at him and took a deep breath.
"Not at all," John shot back. "Which is exactly why I believe we should continue this conversation in private."
"I'm starving," Sherlock groaned, loosening his grip so John could climb out of bed and pad towards the loo.
On the other side of the wall John timed his strokes with the creaks coming from Sherlock's bed and bit down hard enough to taste copper when he heard a cough and a groan. Sherlock was coming, he was coming. The thought spun in his head over and over until he felt the tightness in his abdomen and quickened his hand and came with it on his lips. Silently whispering it one last time, "he's coming."
Sally gave him a look, and when he didn't speak, she did. "You know a lot more about living people than I'd thought."
There was a peculiar sound at John's back and he turned from the stove to find Sherlock standing up with a pained look on his face.
He kept his head down as he walked to the end of the street. It felt as if he wouldn't know where he was walking if he didn't look up. It also felt like the short walk ending in a gulping sea with circling sharks.
"Half the sandwich," John said, prying the laptop from Sherlock's fingers and setting the plate on his spindly knees.
The cover was an obvious stock photo; a man walking down a road, his hands in his pockets, he face turned, classic detective's hat on his head, rain falling, street lamps lit.
John stood and stuck his head out the door, pulling on a pair of fresh gloves in a way that seemed a bit erotic to Sherlock. "The patient is feeling a bit uneasy. I'll see to him for the next half hour. You can take a break."
Sherlock looked over at John with his eyebrows drawn together in concern and John realised he'd had about enough of Greg's presence for a bloody lifetime.
"I want," he panted out, leaning back from the kiss so that just their noses were touching, "I want so badly to be yours."
Jesus. It was huge. Huge and hard and, and, and, and he was slithering out of his trousers and pants as quickly as he could, and going to lay out on his bed. The stupefaction was to blame for what he did next, surely.
"What did you expect to happen when you came over?" Greg asked, trying to understand. "We aren't exactly friends."
John murmured assurances into Sherlock's neck and stroked him faster, thrusting his own hips against one slim thigh. The words were so close to the ones John had spoken the second time they'd met. 'Brilliant, truly brilliant,' and 'amazing.' Gorgeous was thrown in there, too, for a third time, and Sherlock melted into those words and burned up and seized and came with a shout.
"You aren't...you're not a doctor, are you?" John asked, one question among the millions he had about the man.
A man popped his head through the door and spoke after sending Sherlock a rough frown. "Greg, you've gotta see this. We have a new dead body."
"Crude." John snorted and went to sit across from him, settling down in the seat and carefully opening his sandwich.
I took so long making this video that I don't really have time to write. I hope it isn't awful. Let me know.
After texting three times and getting no answer, Sherlock made his way downtown to see what on earth was holding Lestrade up. He knew they were having trouble with the latest case, why on earth would the local newspaper think to write on it if not to harass them, and had an idea he couldn't keep to himself. He had to see the body, it was that simple.
John scratched his neck, finger moving along his collar, and spoke to himself. "Stop talking about yourself. There's obviously nothing you can say that doesn't sound pathetic. Just...talk to her."
At the end of the day they broke apart, standing in front of their separate hotel doors and pausing.
When Sherlock finally settled down he was somehow softer around the edges. "Well, I suppose I deserved that," he admitted, voice rumbling out of him and causing John to pause.
"I've been scraped with a rusty nail and I'm not sure when my last tetanus shot was," Sherlock explained without preamble.
The night was winding down and they were the only ones on the dance floor. The music was more subdued, Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas sung by Judy Garland was playing, and John was holding Sherlock closer, one hand around the back of his neck.
John laughed and let his head hang between his legs. "Jesus, I must have sounded like some mad pervert."
Mycroft looked between his eyes and then to his lips. Greg swallowed and walked around him to the unoccupied chair in front of the fire. It felt like a win, if a small one. Especially so when he heard the scrape of wood as Mycroft pulled another chair close to him. If he was going to have a drink with the posh git, he was going to do it on his own terms.
"Christ, you're heavy," John wheezed, settling Sherlock on his sock clad feet and pulling his own trousers closed. Sherlock continued to laugh as John collected his pants and trousers and removed all the pine needles from them.
"Why haven't you put out a book? Aren't you writing?" Sherlock pressed, even as John's hackles rose.
"Oh," Sherlock murmured from the other side, pulling down the covers so as not to be suffocated by his own hot breath.
John pulled him further into the grove and behind one of the large trees, turning him around and pushing him roughly up against it. "I knew there was a reason I was marrying you."
John nodded curtly and looked out the window, noting that the sun had gone down after all. "Goodnight, Sherlock."
Now, being utterly besotted and miles away from Sarah, he wondered if he should abandon it. Well, wondered until he opened the letter and began reading.
Mycroft watched him, wondering again at this gossamer thing between them. He felt attraction, yes, and that wasn't new, but there was something else. That other thing, confusing and pulling and stupidly unyielding, was what made him continue on with their little arrangement.
"Oh!" Molly replied, suffused with relief. "Well, that's fine. I'm sure they're just going about their day! Sometimes I have to wait a few day's time to get answers to questions I pose online."
But he'd sent the sketches. He'd sent the sketches and said he'd enjoyed the last description of a case.
"John could hardly afford the city on his own," Sherlock said, noting John's discomfort but knowing it was a better answer than the alternative. Greg was a friend, but what they were involved in was still illegal. They had no way of knowing where his final allegiance might lie.
He sat up, finally done having that bloody conversation with himself, and hobbled over to the small desk.
He wasn't really lucky when it came to social interaction. Luck was the only way it made sense to him, small talk and nicety being so far outside his realm of understanding as to seem wholly nonsensical. And yet, he'd been himself and this man not only wrote back, but did so with interest.
"Another dead body? On top of the three we know about? You do realise that if this doesn't pan out and you've simply gone and had your," the man paused to think and pointed at Jane, "your girlfriend here tackle an innocent man and hold him against his-"
It did surprising things to John to hear his name spoken like that. When he'd imagined this, when he'd imagined being home and seeing S, the voice had been much higher. He almost laughed aloud at the thought; Sherlock did have an impossibly deep voice. Like molasses. Deep and...
By the time John got to London, catching the train just in time and pacing the whole way there, the woman was resting on one of their hotel room's beds, the expensive silk sheets soaking up sweat and blood, and she was alive.
John looked a bit confused at that. "I thought they said they wouldn't close the case without the opinion of a medical man."
But that couldn't have been right. Just knowing the small amount he did about the man, Sherlock was sure of that. A man like this, an army surgeon this young, wouldn't have just COME BACK from war. He was a thrill seeker, the way he contacted Sherlock was enough to go on, and much too young to have fulfilled his duty to Queen and country.
They finally made it to John's building, a dilapidated three storey with a gaping maw of a front entrance. John pushed more than enough cash into the hand of the cabbie and crawled out of the back seat. It was the first time Sherlock saw the cane, and the first time he saw John's reaction to it. He followed John up to the door of the drab bedsit and joined him inside, pushing the door closed with his shoulder.
The door to Jane's right slapped open with a loud bang, the wind holding it that way as a large figure cloaked in black stomped in. Jane watched as said figure cursed colourfully and pulled the door closed with two loud grunts.
Sherlock bent over to plug the tub and turn on the water and Jane got an unadorned flash of her chest due to the oversized mirrors lining the wall. She looked away quickly and bit the inside of her cheek. It was just a pair of breasts, she told herself, nothing she hadn't seen before.
In what Sherlock felt was several hours, but was closer to twenty-three minutes, he was standing in his pants in his bedroom looking at the wall. In front of him, stuck on with a mismatched grouping of tacks, were ten different coloured strings going all about. He'd bought the string at a children's shop when it was on sale and had used it in enough cases to pay for it twentyfold.
"I think I might just become obsessed with your arse. It's bloody perfect," John said, tossing his condom in the bin and hopping into the shower behind Sherlock. He picked up the small bar of soap and lathered up a flannel, running it over Sherlock's chest and arms as the man let his head loll back and closed his eyes.
John's eyes went wide and the two of them started laughing uproariously. John leaned forward, hand gripping Sherlock's bicep, as if the laughter might make him fall to the ground. After a while, Sherlock pulled in a lungful of air and his laughter softened. He looked up from the ground to find John's eyes trained on him, full of mirth and affection.
Sherlock had seen some segment on people who wrote letters to soldiers, telling them to hold out for peace or some other such nonsense, and they weren't considered bad people. They were doing a service. This would be very much like that. A service for a serviceman. He would be this army doctor's friend when he had no one else.
John slumped to the bed, letting out a strangled laugh, before reaching to the bedside lamp and turning it on. Sherlock hummed and gripped him more firmly. It knocked all the damn air from his lungs and he lay there panting as Sherlock took back up his inspection.
Sherlock glanced up and John took a deep breath and went on, because he was gorgeous, and he was sorry, and he made John feel alive. "What you're telling me is...you're single?" Sherlock looked confused for a second, so John went on. "Because I know this place downtown that makes a great curry, and I'm free tonight."
"Mmm, you're doing well," John said, stroking Sherlock's neck with his free hand as the other scratched at Sherlock's scalp.
"That, unfortunately, is a complete mystery," Mycroft replied, and then, when Greg looked shocked, "I don't READ the letters."
They lay there in silence for another few minutes before Mycroft reached a hand out and gripped Greg's. His hand was shaking. Greg nodded to no one and pulled the duvet over them.
Sherlock finally smiled at John's stumbling, at how openly he showed his disdain, and interrupted. "You're right. He's insufferable. If you think it's bad having him bothering you once a week just imagine him trying to control your entire life. 'You can't make a living being a private eye, Sherlock. You need to have a steady job, Sherlock. You should just become a writer, Sherlock. There's no such thing as a consulting detective, Sherlock.' He's a monster."
Sherlock whimpered and swallowed roughly as John tossed his own clothes aside and climbed atop him, leaning down and kissing his neck and ears. It was overwhelming. Breathing was once again almost impossible but this time they were doing this, this time it wasn't a misinterpreted touch, this time John admitted that he wanted him.
The air in the room was filled with energy as students looked back and forth to see what on earth was going to happen next.
John felt himself grinning, had actually never felt more alive. He followed Sherlock and the woman, finally catching up and linking his arm with hers, and swore he was walking on clouds.
Everything was rumpled, the time spent on the floor in a pile doing its damage, and he felt out of sorts. He was still trying to ease some of the wrinkles, when he made it into the kitchen.
John closed his eyes and rested against the wall for a long time before he gave in and yanked his pants down to his thighs. He could hear Sherlock breathing and knew that if he stayed right where he was he would soon be able to hear more. The thought of Sherlock in bed stroking his cock was enough to make him nearly bite through his tongue as he spread precome around the head of his prick and then pulled back on the foreskin.
Sherlock joined in on the laughter, silly grin on his face as he gave up all pretense of trying to hold onto John.
"Please," Sherlock whispered, head lolling and back arching off the bed. "For god's sake, before it's over."
John smiled, because the man had to know that he'd slept because of him. When William smiled back, slowly, John looked away and swallowed. Christ, he felt electric. Alive for the sole purpose of being near the strange man.
Looking for someone, hoping the community can help. Sniper with a peculiar handle. Very 90s tech magnate baddie.
John only hesitated for a moment before grabbing his bag and jacket and following Sherlock out the door and to the elevator.
John laughed, not sure how he had come to meet someone so unafraid. It somehow made him less afraid, and wasn't that bizarre? He found himself, surprisingly, telling the truth.
Across the hall, standing just out of sight, John saw the interaction. Ms Hooper was just out of school, and he'd wondered who he should partner her with. New teachers always needed a more hardened eye to keep them from falling to the way side. He'd been thinking of one of the older teachers, in all honesty, but it looked like Molly had found herself a mentor before he could.
A mini chapter, as it was all I had time to write. I've been like a chicken with my head cut off, as of late. Hopefully I'll get back on track.
He pushed John Watson and something in the man pushed back. Blasted. He'd been right on his first assessment; the man was interesting.
The name was plain enough on his brother’s tongue. No clue among the handful of letters to the man behind them. Sherlock took the leather bound dossier and sat back in his seat with a sigh.
Just earlier that day he'd thought that London was rather gorgeous that year. There were plants thriving and people keeping their heads down and opinions to themselves, and the city seemed to be particularly alive. Now, it all seemed hateful. How dare the rain fall? How dare the people walk close to him? How bloody dare they?
How had he not seen it? John was a doctor, for Christ's sake, and dull enough to not think that the handle DoctorJohn would be redundant. And that was somehow charming and he had no clue how he found anything charming, let alone something so stupid.
...there had been a time when it didn't feel that way. When she was young she dreamt of the person who would understand her like herself, the person who she would never argue with. Arguing seemed to be the only pastime she shared with children her age, and her mother told her that she'd never find her soulmate if she continued to be so disagreeable.
The first day of school, it was monstrous outside. The rain was molesting anyone it could manage to get to, mangling umbrellas and tearing them from people's hands as they exited cars. The wind made roaring sounds outside while Jane sat and drank her coffee.
The kettle saved them, but that was a sad thought in itself. The staring ate up minutes of time. How embarrassing.
Sherlock's face crumbled a bit in relief and John couldn't help but cup his cheek with one hand, the other going to his shoulder. Sherlock's eyes teared up and John squeezed his shoulder.
"It's fine! Should have cleaned this out ages ago. It's difficult, you know; I'm single and hardly have time to cook for myself. And...and it's just me down here most of the time. It's fine. It's nice to have company from time to time," Miles explained.
Ten minutes later they were sitting on a bench outside and Sherlock was getting ready to tell John the truth. It really wasn't the most exciting story, but it did involve them.
Molly walked out after him, grin spreading across her face. "You're my hero, Sherlock Holmes. Ballads should be written about you!"
"It's your brother, dear," she said, handing it over and looking rather flustered. "Says he'll come by if you don't take the call. And me, already in my nighty."
The second the door opened, it all went to hell. His only solace was that Doc and this John fellow were both looking away from him.
John was ready for Sherlock when he made it back, helping him out of the wheelchair and onto the exam table. Luckily, the ribs were only bruised. He applied an ice pack, wrapped it to Sherlock's chest and gave him a few paracetamol.
John crooked his fingers and let them drag against Sherlock's prostate gently. The man bucked under him and swore and John kissed his inner thighs.
Not another word was uttered as the cab pulled up to the hospital. Sherlock looked as if he was in shock, and John hoped that it was just his arm. He focused on that, on getting Sherlock into the building and safe, and not what he had just admitted.
“Two shots of bourbon and a pint. Not more than you can handle, I’m sure. I want to hear all about Afghanistan, and then you can just sleep here. The bed is freshly made,” Sherlock pressed.
Sherlock didn't hear the remainder, as he'd already retreated into the office and closed and locked the door. He pulled the memory stick from his pocket and yanked the cable that led to the speakers from the computer before plugging in the stick and pulling the video up.
The nurse calmly explained that unless he was family she couldn't let him back for another day or so.
"You have two options," Mycroft said, fussing with his cuff links in a rare show of nerves, "I can have my driver bring you home or...or you can put that tie on and button up your blazer and join me for dinner at my club."
"You always bring a police officer with you wherever you go?" John asked, lips curling as he heaved in deep breaths.
"You'll be stumped when you see the body. Call me when you change your mind," Sherlock insisted, standing and nodding to the paperwork on the table in front of her.
“The doctor that Molly is trying to impress, no, seduce!” Sherlock exclaimed, not knowing why his body was seemingly filling with live bees by the second.
He tailed John carefully all the way to the roof and watched him drinking whiskey straight from the bottle for a few long minutes before he made his move.
"You're a very good man," Sherlock added, noting that it was a strange thing to say with someone's cock still up your bum.
John stuck his hands in his pockets and finally glanced up, surprised. "Oh, I'd thought, well, that you'd prefer something more...mathematical."
"Anything else, vicar?" the woman asked, smiling a bit more than should be allowed in such a place at such a time.
The only thing it could manage was a strange squeak and a change of subject. "You didn't eat your bagel."
They also make AMAZING fic recs, and I suggest you check them out. No commissions open, at this time, but who knows what will get them back in the game.
Sherlock breathed roughly through his nose and nodded. He always kept some clue for himself, always.
"How to avoid vices," John said, pulling the typewriter closer to himself and getting out a fresh piece of paper.
John laughed again, a harsh bark of a thing, and clapped Sherlock on the shoulder, eyes brimming with humor and adoration. "Remind me never to cross you, you genius bastard."
"Well, I've had the chance to look into his financials," Sherlock said, whether a bluff or not, John didn't know, "and he's purchased jewelry as recently as last month. Makes me wonder who he was giving it to."
"You've an appointment soon," Sherlock said, unable to ignore the quick glances John had been sending to his watch.
Molly couldn't help but giggle and pull off her exam gloves. The way he said it had her feeling as though they were about to indulge in some 'girl talk', a phrase she hated, but fit. She took a beat and pulled a chair over to face Sherlock, sat in it, and let her hands settle in her lap.
It took him a few more minutes of intense concentration before he could get his heart rate under control enough to even think about a shower. The alarm clock in the corner was blinking six o’clock at him, no matter how much his bleary eyes seemed to want to see the number of the beast. Might as well start the day.
And, as he saw, she was right. Mother and father killed in the middle of exams. Sherlock could hardly blame him. He went back through the newspapers to find out if the rest of her story held up.
"It's in the loo!" Sherlock shrieked, just as John had gone to touch the door handle. "The bandage. It's in the loo."
They didn't notice when the first of the readers walked through the door. The photo she took was destined to be on the front page.
"Wonderful," Sherlock said, "after dinner we'll do the bills. They're threatening to turn off the power."
"I'm aware," Sherlock replied, hoping that what John had done to his neck hadn't reddened it too much. "Nothing on at home, so I thought I'd use your-"
John barely had time to set the laptop aside before he was following the mad man out the front door and down the alley.
"The phone is for you," Mrs Hudson said from the doorway, snapping John from the last few bonds of sleep.
As soon as the woman was gone with the tray John leaned in and whispered. "Isn't this illegal? Procuring evidence under false pretenses?"
Greg removed his hand from Mycroft's arse and put it over the one on his cock to start up the stroking again. "I thought I told you to stop talking."
It took quite a while for him to understand it was all over. When he'd been shot he'd had the same situation happen, the out of body experience, so he figured he would just get back into his body at some point.
John tore one of the bags along the edge to create a makeshift placemat and started to lay the food out. The spread included a cheese sandwich, an apple, a bottle of miniature pickles, two ginger beers, salted crisps, a salami, a croissant, some sweets and...and a whole onion.
And that was when she came across it; a building painted an almost blinding black, and overflowing with plants. She tried to look through the front window of the shop, but leaves and vines and peculiar flowers clogged the view. The sign above the door, carefully printed gold on black, said open, so she hobbled her way in, stepping over plants along the way and cursing under her breath.
Their faces were too close, what with John leaning over him, hand pressed so bloody intimately to his chest. If it had been hard to breathe earlier, choking on a frazzled laugh, it was impossible now.
"How's the leg?" Sherlock asked, leaning forward and touching her chin with the tips of her fingers, hands in a tight prayer position.
Sherlock walked to the box and lifted the lid. Inside were a brand new pair of Heyford gloves and a dark grey scarf. He grinned and removed his old gloves and scarf, thinking of who in his homeless network would like them. He slipped the gloves on, enjoying the tightness that comes with a new pair, and held up the scarf.
He took up the newspaper to decide what might be of interest to someone homesick. His eyes went immediately to the latest murder and he was lost to the world for the next hour.
"Not as often as fists," Sherlock admitted. "I'm Sherlock, Sherlock Holmes, and no matter how odd a sentence this is, it's going to have to come out...I think you're my sugar daddy."
"Your gorgeous arse. Covered in rose petals. It's like a bloody dream," he said, gripping Sherlock's arsecheeks and pulling them apart. "Gorgeous. Fucking gorgeous."
John was about to reach out to the fog on the window to reply, but Sherlock's eyes shot wide and John took a step back, worrying that somehow he was visibly changing again.
He joined Sherlock at the small outside table and lifted the menu up to busy his hands. "You've, uh, eaten here before?"
Sherlock let his eyes fall from those lips and to the table. "I'm a consulting detective. Only one in the world. When the police are out of their depths, which is always, they come to me."
Sherlock started pacing, hands clenched behind his back, and John watched him carefully. He wasn't at all what John had first thought of him. Not at all.
"Fine. That's it, then. That's the man-" John said, cutting himself off and clearing his throat. "That's you. I see you."
He was promptly run over by two boys, clothes ragged and skin dark with soot and dirt, who were trying to pickpocket him. Trying was the key word here only because Sherlock managed to stop them. They looked up at him in surprise and then broke into matching, toothy, grins.
Sherlock let his head hit the desk and tightened his arsehole out of reprisal. If the idiot was going to answer the phone while they were fucking, he'd have to expect it to be a bit difficult to concentrate.
"Do you honestly think the dead man's left hand will mind sharing shelf with your milk?" Sherlock replied. "Would your severed hand mind? Your liver?"
He had honestly thought that the person would realise they had messaged the wrong number by the time he was done with the case. Now he had an answer to his less than serious question, and he wasn't sure what to do with it. He sat at the kitchen table and pushed his luck.
"Obviously," Sherlock replied, hefting his suitcase onto his shoulder and walking up the small, neatly manicured path to the front door.
The lackeys knew not to mess with the big, bad, illusion of a wolf, and let him trudge to the staff loo to dry himself off. The face he pulled when he saw himself in the mirror would have been comical to anyone else, but to the man standing unnoticed behind him, it spelled out nothing but trouble.
"Life isn't fair," Sherlock answered. "I promise I'm no ruder to him than any other student, he simply wants what he can't have."
That Friday morning, after meeting in town at the grocery, John and Sherlock came back to the vicarage to find the lights off and the house empty, but for Merrick. Mrs Hudson had left a message tacked to the front door that she had gone to see her ailing sister and that there was a shepherd's pie in the ice box that should last the two days she was gone. John folded the paper and opened the door, Merrick spilling out and wriggling as Sherlock greeted him.
Sherlock nodded curtly. "Yes. I have things to get ready. Wear dark clothes and bring your gun, just in case."
"Do it, then," John sputtered, not sure how he was meant to live through something of this sort, "if you like."
"Was there," John tried, clearing his throat against the lump in it, "was there something you needed?"
"Who are you?" John asked, not heated, almost fond, somewhere closer to true amazement. "I mean, I really have no idea who you are. I should have, I should have asked before, but I was caught up. I find myself at a loss."
Sherlock found himself, three days later, sitting in a disturbingly cheery room across town, waiting to be seen by some doctor who was very much not his own and who he very much did not want to see. As far as he was concerned, the waiting room in a building where root canals are performed should be somber if anything, and not bright and 'airy'. He wasn't there to pick out pastel clothing for a child, he was there to have some barbarian cut into his mouth.
Mycroft had attempted to get him to do at least a cursory renovation when he moved in, but Sherlock rather liked the out of date wallpaper and dysfunctional circuitry system. He also liked the slew of repairmen that accompanied the house's little bouts of anger. Hell, he'd got a good rogering out of the broken sink in the loo just a week prior.
During lunch, after going to get the food he forgot in the car, John walked in on Sherlock sitting alone, and in the dark, in the Head Teacher's office. He was sitting in his chair, heels rested on the edge of his desk, and holding the 'Head Teacher' plaque in his hands. John tried not to look pleased.
Sherlock relaxed a bit, happy that his answer was correct. He'd done the research, after all, on bad marriages. Most 'unforgivable' actions listed on divorce papers were either small, like the chewing John had mentioned, or vague. 'She fills the dishwasher wrong,' or, 'she doesn't get me'. Neither, of course, had anything to do with ultimate incompatibility, but rather, were a means to an end. The scorned spouse would never be able to change all of the inconsequential little behaviors, as they weren't actually the problem, and couldn't change the vague attitudes, as they were most likely miscommunication and not actual disdain.
He had the sudden overwhelming sensation of nostalgia, his throat closing up and tears coming to his eyes as he remembered so many afternoons spent just like this one in his childhood. It was hardly a sad feeling, but the intensity of it was too much. The wanting. God's majesty spread out in front of him and he wanted so much he was afraid he might choke.
"It had better be good," Sherlock said, picking at his napkin. "The last time was a disgrace. And I won't be working with Anderson, the man is an idiot. Doesn't know heads from tails."
The moment the lights were switched on in the flat, Sherlock had let go and was flitting about in an obvious attempt to clean up. An attempt that only served to show how nervous she actually was. Jane glanced around, and, even with all the clutter, she couldn’t help but smile. It was the type of flat she’d always imagined when she’d thought of home whilst abroad. Three types of paper on the walls at least, worn rugs and needlepoint pillows, a good sized fireplace. It even smelled of tea under the tinge of tobacco smoke (something she had quite a few thoughts on).
Sherlock stood in the corner watching John put the clothes in the wash, his and Sherlock's pants as well as his vest and shirt. He wasn't looking at the garish scar on John's shoulder (it red and inflamed and visible through the thin white cotton shirt Sherlock had set out for him), as John worried, but at John's body language. John was back to being guarded, starting the wash and fidgeting with the waist of the pyjama trousers Sherlock had lent him.
"Who did you live with before me?" Sherlock asked, cocking his head like an owl and narrowing his eyes.
"I don't know why I'm crying," Sherlock said, sitting back and looking at his own hands with clear confusion. "I just...there's been something choking me since you said...the thing. It's just choking me. It's so ridiculous, it's like I loved you before I even met you, and that doesn't make any sense, and this doesn't make any sense, and my arm is broken and I'm crying and I feel so many things at once that I can't, I can't, I don't understand what's happening. I think you broke me."
It had been four days and he'd not seen hide nor hair of Sherlock, and he'd wondered in that time if he'd put the man off. That worry shouldn't have taken up as much time as it had, and he definitely shouldn't have been so focused on befriending the man.
Sherlock tried to ignore how the post affected him and closed the laptop again. He'd seen something in John the night before. Somehow his eyes looked hollow. He was depressed, that was obvious, but Sherlock had a deep dread that it was worse than that. What he found in the left drawer of the desk cemented that feeling.
He bathed in Sherlock's words, explanations going in one ear and out the other, and fed the man small bits of food when he could. He actually finished all of the food on his own plate, which was surprising, and they were suddenly full and drifting towards drunk, and in need of fresh air.
He hobbled up the stairs behind Sherlock and watched as the man simply sat and held his hands out. He looked like a greedy child asking for another biscuit. John rolled his eyes and handed the laptop over.
He'd managed to learn a bit of meditation, though he wouldn't call it that, to control the past episodes, but this was different. It made him disgusted that this time being out of control was linked to a warmth in his belly and a feeling of near euphoria. That euphoria, mixed with fear about what it meant, was enough to shock his system, it seemed.
She glanced down at the paper bag containing Sherlock’s uneaten bagel and sighed. Yes, she’d brought the bagel home, even though she had no intention of eating it. She had also taken the extra packet of butter and the horrid strawberry jam from the cafeteria table. She sighed and carefully lay all three on the bed next to her, wondering if she would have the nerve to add ‘food hoarding’ to her list of symptoms when she saw the therapist again, or if she would convince herself that it wasn’t that big of a deal.
"Jesus," John said, panting against Sherlock's ear. "I haven't, that is, I didn't know I could, JESUS!"
John rolled his eyes and helped him up when, on the second try, Sherlock cried out in pain. He jotted down weight and temperature and blood pressure in silence before taking Sherlock down the long hallway towards the exam room. He palpated gently and it obviously hurt, Sherlock grinding his teeth in pain and wincing.
Sherlock turned around slowly, unfurling to his full height to stare in shock at the small blond man next to him. The man's arms were crossed and he stood with his weight mostly on one foot, hip sticking out a bit. The word sassy came to mind. Eyebrows raised, and mouth puckered in amusement, he was nothing less than confidence embodied in a human being.
"No. Nope. We're going to the party," John shot back, already trying to get around Sherlock to get a wet flannel for his blotchy face.
John sat up and set the shoe down, standing and holding his hand out on instinct alone. The woman walked up to him and took his face in her hands, smiling at him before kissing him on the cheek.
John hummed and kissed Sherlock on the forehead before turning to check the water temperature. Once deeming it warm enough he turned on the shower and stepped in. Sherlock followed after.
'Obviously not,' John thought, looking the man over as the sentence he'd said sank in and he huffed and looked away.
Dating men was teaching them to be better people fifty-percent of the time. She wasn't the type to let her partner slack off on the emotional labor, let alone the laundry, and so she found herself alone over and over again.
The pre-Christmas Gala was horrid. Everyone was staring at him, and he was having one of those days where every piece of material against his skin itched. John, on the other hand, seemed to be getting along just fine. He was currently across the way laughing with some investor or something and holding onto the man's elbow. HIS ELBOW. He was only meant to hold onto Sherlock's elbow.
Mycroft removed his jacket as well, hanging it carefully in the closet next to the front door, and sat across from Greg. They passed the food back and forth and listened to music, letting the long day, in fact, year, ease from them. The drink probably helped with it as well.
The first time occurred when he was still very young. He'd fallen through the ice and into the lake by his childhood home. He could still remember the sound the ice made as it gave way, a sickening crack he could never quite shake. He'd been declared dead for a whole minute and a half before he was brought back.
"Hold it up," Sherlock said, eyes wide and mouth open as he wriggled his hips and started to lower himself.
It's understandable then, that when John was sent home just five years after enlisting, he was upset. He wanted to come home with the money needed to go to medical school, and what he came home to with was PTSD, injury, and a loneliness he hadn't truly been expecting.
Sherlock burst into peals of laughter and John felt he'd never heard anything so glorious. He looked away when the driver caught his eye, looking at him through the rearview mirror, suddenly feeling as if he'd rather shown his hand.
"Bloody bath. Take a bloody bath in some madwoman's magical claw footed tub. It'll probably wake up mid-soak and scare me to death," Jane grumbled, sitting on the closed lid of the tub with her shirt and pants in her lap.
John grinned and opened the first condom, rolling it onto Sherlock's prick and giving him a good two strokes before he took up the tease with his mouth. Sherlock did his best not to buck as John sucked him off and prepared him at the same time. The man's fingers were a blessing and before Sherlock could find the power to say so, John had found his prostate and was circling it.
"Could I kiss it?" Sherlock asked left hand going to the base of John's cock and scratching through the coarse hair.
Sherlock somehow imagined that they would be led into a building that ended up being John's home, that the mention of hunger had been something else altogether. When they arrived outside a small cafe, Sherlock was waiting to be led to the huge hotel next door. It wasn't as impressive as the Savoy, but perhaps that itself had been a ruse. Perhaps John didn't feel like paying for the Savoy after meeting him.
There was a sigh and the shadows of John's feet moving at the bottom of the door. "It's just, you were cursing a lot. Do you need anything?"
Sherlock rolled his eyes and sauntered over, taking the digestive from her once he'd removed one of his gloves and chewing it quickly. Mrs Hudson looked over his shoulder and seemed to see John watching them. She gave a little wave and John left, embarrassed and not sure why.
Sherlock nodded and let his eyes close against the light from the window. When John climbed back into bed Sherlock crawled to him and wrapped around him tightly. John chuckled and ran his hand through Sherlock's hair.
"Widespread consumption?" John protested. "I wanted no such thing! It was a personal blog suggested by my therapist!"
And really, what was Sherlock meant to say? That it was intentional, that it was self directed? That he'd spent years learning how to block out the world so perfectly as to forget it? With John touching him like that?
Three days, three days back working, and he was exhausted. They weren't even full shifts, but for god's sake, his body wasn't used to it. He'd spent much too much time sitting around in that bloody hospital bed feeling sorry for himself and writing filth.
“Now wait a minute!” Mike protested as Sherlock picked up his to go cup and pulled the lid off without a word. “I’m not done with that!”
"John...it's a good story. Go on," Sherlock murmured, worried he'd finally ruined things with his whining.
"When I got to see your pretty face? Cor, no," John exclaimed, pulling Sherlock to his feet. "And love, the thing is, even if I was upset, it wouldn't matter. We'll work through all that, yeah?"
Jane was shocked as Sherlock stood and pulled on her coat, apparently leaving already. "You're going?"
This year, though, John was intent on getting everyone they worked with together, under one roof, to celebrate. He'd planned with Greg for a whole month to set it up and even managed to find a REAL conference out of town that he could go to, so as to not arouse suspicion.
"They always say that," Sherlock huffed, rolling his eyes. "Truth is, they listen to me well enough when they don't have any other choice. I needed you there. I needed you to see the body and hear the story and tell me why on earth the man was killed."
And now John was talking of coming home on leave and he was realising that he would either have to admit his deceit or be conveniently out of country. He was disgusted with himself by how quickly the decision was made in his head. Perhaps France would be nice...whatever time of year John would be coming.
"I should probably go," John said, pulling Sherlock from his thoughts. "I've some papers to finish before sleep."
She'd spent so much of her life feeling powerless, and she was finally beginning to feel that she was in control.
"But Wesley never made it. His ship was stopped before it could land, and was taken over by the Dread Pirate Roberts, who never left captors alive. When Buttercup got news of Wesley's death she locked herself away in her room and promised to never love again."
They sat in silence for a long while before there was a knock on the door. The person knocking didn't wait for a response, and, instead, broke into the room with a sigh.
"The, the cologne you wear," John explained, feeling dizzy and gripping Sherlock's hair so he could breathe in against his neck. "Vanilla."
"Deep breaths," John murmured, eyes searching and face so caring that Sherlock wanted to crawl under the table to hide from it. "Come on, now."
Coffee from an old spot, their old spot. Nostalgia written all over Mike’s face when he walked in the door.
"Do you? Wonderful, I have concerns as well. You go first," Sherlock said, smile slimy and dripping with unsaid threats.
They soon dissolved into loud moans and curses and Mycroft let one of Greg's hands go to stroke his cock, not letting himself come until Greg was screaming out and twitching. He arched his back and thrust in hard movements, knocking Greg forward and coming for what felt like an eternity, his thumb rubbing over Greg's wedding ring.
Sherlock breathed carefully through his nose and turned his hand over, his skin brushing against John's, and opened his palm. There was warmth there and John found himself lowering his hand to run his fingers across Sherlock's fingers, gently, gently.
It felt like ants were crawling on his arms with her looking right at him, and the second she looked back down to her dough, he was relieved.
"I think you bullied your way onto the scene, pushing Lestrade that much closer to an early grave, and told everyone what they'd got wrong. Nod if I'm right, love."
Sherlock huffed and shook his head, stopping his movement as he realised exactly what he planned to do. "Shut up!"
Sherlock lay in the hospital bed with his eyes closed, heart monitor beeping out a healthy rhythm as the oxygen was pumped into his lungs.
Sherlock had told himself he'd get the cab just far enough away and tell the man exactly where he should stick his lonely cock. Told himself to scare the man away from making this kind of bad decision again. It was obviously his first time and it was a habit he needed to avoid. A doctor, and a soldier, and a man so gripped by depression that he'd given up his morals for one night of feeling alive. Sherlock didn't look down on prostitutes, but he knew exactly the kind of trouble that frequenting them could get you into.
I hope you realise that I don't say this lightly. You have come into a place where there was no feeling, no version of human interaction at all that wasn't painfully scientific, and have turned that all on its head. I crave it now, as I never did. I can't help but hope to one day be lucky enough to be held tightly in someone's arms.
There were people bustling around inside, cleaning and straightening. It surprised John, but Sherlock seemed to have expected it. He pushed them past the first group and up to the upper storey, closing and latching the door behind them and walking to the far wall to look at the street below.
There was a slight wind picking up, tossing the long blades of grass back and forth like waves. He joined Sherlock under the tree with a bounty wrapped in a flour sack towel. He sat silently and unfolded it, laying out the half loaf of homemade bread, hunk of cheddar, bottle of lemonade and small bottle of mustard. Merrick was laying on his back, stretching so that the sun could touch as much of his skin as possible, and ignoring John completely.
"How could you be?" Sherlock replied, unfurling the rope and sending it into the water. "There isn't enough at stake."
John took his time, laving his tongue against the soft underside as Sherlock's cock filled out in his hand. He found that he wasn't nearly as hesitant as he'd expected to be, once he felt Sherlock's reactions. The man was shivering at every touch and nearly fell to his knees when John took just the tip between his lips and licked.
It was just as electric as the time before, but this time John knew Sherlock could see his hand. He frowned in concentration and sighed when Sherlock's fingers tangled with his own, so soft, so warm. Sherlock's eyes darted up to John's face and John wondered is he was still a blur. This kind of...activity felt like it was changing him.
"You'll have some pain. I want you to take three paracetamol every four hours for the next two days," John said, hands slipping into his pockets. "For supper you should stay with cool, soft foods. Yogurt, applesauce, cottage cheese. Have any of those in?"
"Thought you might want to see this yourself," he said, noting how John's hand slipped naturally onto Sherlock's thigh as he read over the man's shoulder.
Sherlock drew back and found himself stumbling to the shower, stripping his clothes and stepping under a spray so cold he would have to think. Think. Think.
"I looked into them," Sherlock said, shrugging, "incredibly boring. The man barely spent a thing on his lover. Who knows if it was really the maid."
Sherlock sat a bit straighter as his cheeks coloured. What on earth was going on? He was meant to be making the doctor flustered, not the other way around. He'd done this sort of thing before, of course, but it had always been with him in charge. Hell, just last month the washing machine repair man had given him a healthy reward just for keeping him company. Now he was blushing and Dr Watson was seemingly unaffected. Interested, yes, but unaffected.
John remembered hearing the phrase on the radio at his first station as surgeon. Murray and him were listening in on an extraction, learning a little about what doctors could get themselves into in the field. It was the first time John really understood that he might not make it out of the service alive.
"Why isn't the building black anymore?" Jane asked as she walked through the doors, nearly tripping over a fern.
"We'll see about that," she grumbled, ringing off and going back to one of her concoctions, boots and coat still on.
John was readying himself to tell Sherlock of his interaction with his brother, seeing him approach up the cobblestone walk, when the man broke into a run and began speaking the second he saw John.
The second he typed it in, he realised he would have been better off with microfiche. He grimaced and scrolled through descriptions of pornography, looking for rumors. When he hesitated over a specific entry, a fictitious tale of a doctor and a nurse getting busy in a coffee shop, he told himself it was because of the particulars. He'd been looking for a male doctor and a female nurse, but the story spoke of a different pairing, and if he clicked on it, it was only because his mind was trying to figure out if he was missing something from the case. Maybe the doctor was closeted. Maybe he'd missed that.
Sherlock felt something stir in his chest. Too close. He was too involved. He nodded once and John opened the door.
Just as John said it several police officers busted through the door. In the issuing madness John found himself out in the hall standing between an irate detective and Sherlock, hands on his hips and chest puffed out.
"The point," Jane seemed to agree for a second. "Wait. The point of the muscle rub is to remind me of my childhood?"
John let his palm press to cover Sherlock's and closed his eyes. When he felt Sherlock close his hand and grip his own he let out a sob that made the curtains billow and the lights flicker.
John walked behind him, a tartan blanket under one arm and a picnic basket held in the other hand. It was a wonderfully mild day, hinting towards what summer would bring in the coming months, and John closed it eyes as a breeze went by.
It should have felt patronising, but all Sherlock could think was how no one ever touched him so gently. He let John remove his shirt and sat there as the man stuck the old ice pack in the icebox and came back over to wrap the new one tight to his body. The fingers worked quickly, tucking and wrapping and then smoothing down Sherlock's shoulders as John checked to see how much pain he was in.
The feeling in the room changed at that last choked word and John leaned forward. "You are special."
"One bite," Mrs Hudson said, holding a chocolate digestive out to Sherlock through the heart-shaped hole in the gate.
He hated to think of himself as lazy, the army pushing him to be as self sufficient as possible, but he'd become as much in the last few years. Perhaps it was seeing the man dead that morning that made him want to take up running again, something about facing his own mortality reminding him that he wasn't actually dead yet.
"No time. Follow me. Go along with what I say," Sherlock said, placing some notes on the table and walking towards the two.
He wasn't sure he could assist in this investigation. His brain seemed to have given up its will and, quite possibly, the whole of its blood flow, in favor of some kind of trance. His eyes wouldn't leave Sherlock's lips, unless it was to flit to his eyes and then back down, and he could scarcely breathe.
He let his head fall back against the tree again and stared up at the lights, counting them to center his mind. He was at three hundred and twelve when John slowly pulled his fingers out.
John pulled the thing from his pocket and passed it over, waiting patiently as Sherlock entered his name, number, and address. When it was handed back Sherlock stood and took a step backwards.
"I have no idea what you're talking about," Sherlock lied, closing the door behind him with more force that was necessary.
“This is what I needed,” Sherlock admitted blandly, standing from his spot by the fireplace and heading for the door.
"You do realise that frowning like that makes me look like a horrid wife, don't you?" Mary asked under her breath, false smiled spread across her face.
One single pill, not nearly enough, as smooth as a skipping rock in his hand as he stumbled to the loo. He placed it carefully under his tongue and climbed into the shower. His knees protested. Forgot to stretch before bed. His fault.
It was honestly the last thing he really remembered before he was coming. John was swearing up a storm above him as he spasmed over and over, barely any come left in him to spill after the day they'd had.
Just as they made it into the library of the vicarage, a large room that often held bible readings and where the youth group met twice monthly, the sound of thunder cracked, making John and Merrick jump slightly, and rain poured down. John was happy for staying back, as it had prevented Sherlock from seeing his reaction. It wasn't a particularly bad fright, not causing him to smell gunpowder or feel the grit of sand in between his fingers, and he was glad for that.
Mycroft tried his best to look unaffected as he walked to the waiting sedan. It wouldn't do to have his assistant worrying after him. She was the only one who knew what this stop meant, even the drivers being changed up to avoid a known pattern, and he really didn't feel like explaining himself.
He frowned, fingers and chin dusted with powdered sugar, and tried to look around Sherlock to the hall. Perhaps he was hoping someone else would come along to tell him off. He was never that lucky.
A stupid smile spread over John's lips as he realised he would be going on a case, on a case with S. On a case with Sherlock Holmes.
John had downed his third mini bottle of cheap whiskey and was sitting in the uncomfortably cramped hotel bathtub when he finally decided he wanted to read Sherlock's book. It was probably shite, just like the arsehole who wrote it, but he had nothing better to do anyhow. He reached over the edge of the tub with one sudsy hand to where he had dropped the book a while back and brought it up close to his face.
One night, after a particularly difficult patient had nearly died on them, the two men ended up back at Charlie's flat, getting pissed.
And now the water was pouring over the edges of the tub and he was fumbling with the faucet and tossing all of his dry towels on the floor.
John was still thinking feverishly about how he didn't have more than a few hundred pounds, and how easily Sherlock could have him put behind bars, what with his connections, when the cab after dropped them off in front of another café, this time on Baker Street.
Sherlock hesitated for a moment, looking as though he was about to say something important, and then left. John walked over and sank into the sofa, playing with the skewered shoe and trying to breathe normally.
Sherlock held the lettuce out at precisely the time that Merrick made it back. The dog dropped the ball and ate the lettuce, mouth open a bit as he chewed and a look on his face like he hadn't noticed it was much less like ham than the first bit.
John watched him covertly, or perhaps not so, when he turned, and was so involved in it that he started at his housekeeper coming into the room.
"You wouldn't have believed m-me!" Sherlock said, all the emotions of thinking he'd met his soulmate and having that torn away and then getting it back flooded him. He could feel the tears leaking from his eyes.
"Having trouble breathing?" John asked, looking down at Sherlock's chart to hide the small grin that had found its way onto his lips when he saw the brace Sherlock was wearing.
"They aren't there for you," Sherlock disagreed. "They're there because of their own guilt. Guilt eats at you. Guilt won't let go."
The answer, less reassuringly than he'd hoped, was: 'well, yes, some people can, sometimes.' It wasn't very reassuring because Sherlock found himself in his early thirties having never dealt with such a conundrum, meaning he probably wasn't one of those 'some people'. That and the fact that his embarrassment occurred while reading what he'd been reading, and the answer was clear enough.
Sherlock was silent on the other end for a while, and then cleared his throat again. "Alright, John."
John leaned in and saw the nest, four small white eggs and a screaming mother bird. "She's not too thrilled to see us."
"Seeing as he's married, and I'm single, I think boyfriend is a bit reaching. I'm simply concerned. Concerned for both of you. For your safety," Mycroft replied, agitated even as he knew it was the comment's point.
Sherlock smiled back, enjoying the fluidity of John's movements. The man obviously didn't realise that he'd forgot his cane upstairs.
He found the blog and read through it once more before setting his phone aside and pulling the covers over his head in embarrassment. He could feel the flush on his face as he let one hand reach down to slide below the band of his pants and brush through his pubic hair to encircle his cock.
John sighed and sat back in his seat. He'd thought about Sherlock the whole of the night before. He simply couldn't get the bizarre man off his mind.
He spit in his fist and tightened it, the slick causing Sherlock to shudder and suck hard on John's fingers in response.
reading a book on a small bed, legs crossed underneath her and hair pinned up close to her head. She looked up as they knocked, and came to answer the door.
Greg's mouth fell open and he just stated for a moment, not sure he could believe his ears. When he could speak again it came out as a whisper. "You love me?"
Sherlock swallowed roughly and took the mobile in one shaking hand. John nodded and went into his room and Sherlock slumped against the wall.
Sherlock continued in and up the stairs, not even breaking pace as she spoke. "You could see that? Interesting."
It hadn't seemed cool in the house, but the second they walked out the front door it was as if walking into an oven. They made it through the tall grass, all of it gone pale gold and dry by then, in record speed. The shade of the old oak was enough to make them pause and sit beneath it, Merrick looking back at the front porch of the house as if maybe it hadn't been the best idea to follow his people on this insane venture.
He started to count, and found John slowly extricating himself ten minutes later. He continued to breathe evenly as he heard John pull some clothes back on, murmur to himself, and leave the hotel room. The second the door had closed Sherlock was up and pulling his own clothes on. Barefooted and wrinkled, he peeked out the door and saw John enter the stairwell.
Boy boys perked up at that so Sherlock went on. "He also used to be a doctor. Probably won't mind helping out you and your mum."
Sherlock nodded and sniffled against his shoulder, and they walked together to the bedroom, turning off lights as they went and stripping down to their pants. When they were finally under the covers John pulled Sherlock against him and kissed his shoulder gently.
John pulled his fingers out and rolled on the condom, wiping his hand on his cock and coating it with the left over lube. He held it up as Sherlock rolled his hips and found it. Sherlock was panting now, but the moment seemed so still and close that he didn't say what he was thinking; mostly high praise of John's cock, anyhow. He sank down and shifted his hips to get John deeper.
William looked over at him and John couldn't read his face. His eyes skittered across John's body and landed back on the ground between them.
Jane had come out of nowhere and Sherlock was starting to think Mrs Hudson had a hand in it. She always did want Sherlock to have a friend. A friend besides her skull, at least. Had she secretly known Jane? Did she think Jane might like her?
He found himself surprised by the sounds of the city, even after a day and a half of being back. There were cars and people making their way back and forth below, a boy yelling out things to be bought on the corner, and people sitting outside the café below talking over coffees. He could barely hear his own thoughts with the window open.
The case had been a success. The only drawback was the bloody nose, and who minded that whilst pumped full of adrenalin? Sure, it would hurt later, but later simply wasn't a concern.
When the night was over, both men riding on a high of adrenalin, they made their way back to catch the late train home. Once they were in their own cabin, tucked away from everyone else, John spoke.
Victor had been the same way after the accident, needing sound at all times, even if he wasn't paying attention. Silence was suspicious to him, and Sherlock learned in that last few weeks how to properly tune out the radio while still picking up on interesting bits of information.
John paused and looked up at him. The look was suspicious and his lips were now drawn into a tight line. "You don't have to say-"
He'd been waiting for some time alone, some time alone that wasn't spent sleeping or only just, to read the letter. He wanted to really focus on it, as it may have been the last. Yes, they'd got on, but once John didn't have the time to be charming, he knew that would stop.
It was the first time he ever told anyone. Mycroft was silent for a long time and Greg thought he wasn't going to explain. It was alright if he didn't want to, he wouldn't pry.
Lestrade had been having a good day. His wife was back from holiday and he'd had the courage to tell her it was over, that he'd had enough with the lying and cheating. He felt particularly light in spite of the fact that his life was soon to grow rocky in the wake of their eminent divorce.
When there was a long pause Sherlock looked up again. John was staring at him, uncertainty written on his features. It made something in Sherlock's chest squeeze tight.
It took an excruciatingly long forty-five seconds for his hand to fall from Sherlock's neck. Sherlock drew in a quick breath and stepped back.
Above him, John sat in the wooden chair by the window and lit a cigarette, pulling the smoke deep into his lungs and letting his eyes fall closed. He let the smoke out as he started to unbutton his shirt. His shoulder ached. It had been doing that a lot, as of late. He figured that was probably due to the changing barometric pressure, but it felt even more like a reminder that the direction his heart was taking wasn't one that would lead anywhere good.
Sherlock took the opportunity to slip out the service door. It snicked closed behind him just Molly was introducing herself. He paused for just a moment, standing under the florescent lights of the long hallway, and heard the answering hum of a man’s voice.
It was then that Mycroft knew he needed to get his affairs in order and find a suitable wedding ring. Soon.
“More blankets in the closet," Sherlock blurted. "If you get chilly." She felt her face flush and turned back to her room, hand on the doorknob. "And I’m just here. If you...if you need anything."
That night, after reading the rest of the letter, it recounted a few injuries and stories of strange things that had happened in the surrounding villages, Sherlock found himself in bed thinking about John.
It was like a love poem written specifically for Sherlock, and he felt a blush moving up his neck. He smiled back and they started walking again. All he could think was how much trouble he was already in.
"Alright, well, I guess that means we should start. We're going to go around in a circle and say aloud one thing we'd like from our partner. John, since you're a bit wound up, we'll give you some time to think. Gerald, why don't you start?" Doc said, nodding to the man sitting next to Mary and John.
At the beginning of all this, when he'd started writing his own fics, he wondered if he always fashioned the main character after himself. When he realised that, yes, he did, he wondered if that mattered. He hated wondering on that alone. He wanted to have a place other than the comments section where he could talk to other writers, a place less public.
John was angry. It was bad enough having to do the stupid convention without being sat next to an arsehole like Sherlock Bloody Holmes. Strangely enough that anger turned into something else. It turned into the urge to write.
John jumped across the room just in time to catch the beaker as it fell. Sherlock watched with wide eyes as it hovered in the air. Just a few milliseconds later and the acid would have poured into his lap.
"The worst part of the case was playing straight," he said with a small shrug. John laughed at that, so he went on. "No...the worst part was leaving you behind. Honestly. I came to visit you in the hospital, but-"
Sherlock was dumbstruck, and barely put up a fight when the nurse told him only family was allowed at that time.
"This is the first case where Sherlock hasn't left the scene screaming at my team and assaulting the ambulance staff. I reckon I should give you a medal," she added, raising her eyebrows at Sherlock.
Sherlock nodded and let John clean him up and zipped him back into his trousers. When he finally opened his eyes John was smiling at him.
Impossible. Absolutely impossible. Sherlock didn't have a soulmate. She didn't. And it wasn't just a matter of not having found hers, of that she was sure, it was that there simply wasn't one made. It was the only thing that had ever made sense. She was peculiar and determined and damn sure that no one, not one single person on the face of the earth, was meant for her.
He scrubbed his chest and back, and throbbing erection, with as much disinterest as he expected hospital staff would, trying not to think how that might differ if they happened to staff vicars. Once he was done getting between his toes and behind his ears he stepped from the shower and dried off, teeth chattering the whole while.
"He was moving slow enough," Sherlock replied, right hand pushed into his pocket to keep it from brushing against John's. "I would have noticed at some point."
Sherlock pulled the lever to the right of the fire alarm, and the lift lurched to a stop. "If you hit the fire alarm, someone would come looking," he murmured.
John rested his head in his hands. He was quite sure then, that he was in for one of the most uncomfortable nights of his life.
Sherlock winced back and only just managed to keep his fingers from being crushed. He looked up with a frown and John raised his eyebrows in challenge. He'd forgot who he was dealing with. John didn't let him get away with anything. It had something crashing around in his chest at the thought; ostensibly his heart.
"I may have been, at one time," Sherlock said, filling the kettle and refusing to look at anything but his own hands.
John still had his head rested against the back of the chair when Sherlock crawled into his lap again. He sighed and looked up as Sherlock started on his trousers. Sherlock's lack of pants and hard cock were nearly enough to give John a heart attack as he acquiesced to the unzipping and pulling down of his own.
"Quit being stubborn and just trust that I know best!" Sherlock fussed. "The sofa will be bad for your back."
Sherlock smiled softly to John in the next breath, eyelashes fluttering. And, God, how could John have not been affected by that, how could he not have felt a tightness in his chest? He licked his lips and Sherlock's  smile broadened. For a moment, John thought Sherlock was going to try to kiss him.
He picked his favourite, the one where the two men lay in bed the morning after their first tryst and kissed softly in the light of the growing dawn. He was just getting to the best part when an alert lit up in the bottom right of his screen.
Sherlock nodded once, shuffling his feet, and then spoke to John, for possibly the last time. "Well, it was good to finally meet you. I'll just." He turned slowly and then turned back to face John, tears threatening to fall from his eyes. "You should know I meant everything I said."
The implication in your response seems to be that my lack of experience must mean I'm a child.  I hope you realise now how insulting that is. I'm well past the beginning of adulthood.
Sherlock squinted at him as he knelt next to the hospital bed awkwardly. Sherlock could barely see what he was doing and winced as he tried to crane his neck.
In the beginning, he was just honestly waiting for someone to tell him he was disgusting. He didn't think he was disgusting, but when you've lived your life as a closeted bisexual things get a bit mixed up in your head. That, and he'd never read smut before that summer. He'd figured that video porn was all there was, that the only way to experience arousal outside of his own fantasies was to watch two strangers fumble and gag and sweat on his laptop screen.
She chuckled and went about cleaning off the kitchen table. "Yes, very busy. Busy enough that you've taken up a second job as a gargoyle, I see."
Sherlock flapped his hand and rolled his eyes. "I'm hardly as bad as that. Tell me something about yourself, something I haven't already figured out."
"For my pretty boy?" John asked, walking forward and taking the scarf from him to tie it round his neck. "Not at all."
Sherlock slipped out of his jacket, coat left at home on such an unreasonably warm evening, and unbuttoned his shirt, letting the top two inches of skin breathe as he stepped out in front of the cab. It came to a stop easily, having barely been moving at all, and Sherlock went to lean against the side of it, peering in as the window was rolled down a bit.
"Haven't you better things to do than refuse me some relief?" Sherlock asked, fork poking holes in the omelette all on one edge in a way that suggested that he saw the food as medium for art rather than sustenance.
The tie pin and matching cuff links were understated, but clearly antique. His shoes were not only handsome, but shined. His hair, the mingling of silver and blond, looked newly trimmed, and the pomade he used to create what Sherlock supposed could be called a swoop, smelled of cedar and was nearly weightless.
