Somewhere outside a siren goes past, distant and meaningless; a floor below Mrs Hudson sleeps or wakes or sits in the middle of a soother induced coma, many streets away Mary palms the naked bump of her belly with her eyes screwed tight shut and miles and miles away from them people live and die and burn through their time - but none of it reaches John, none of it ever really has, since Sherlock. Nothing so bright or so painful has he ever felt.
Sherlock huffs and suddenly moves forwards, stretching across John’s body for the remote control sitting on his arm of the sofa. All at once his slender frame is the only thing John can see, nose centimetres from the man’s shoulders. Instinctively John reaches out, vacant hand coming to rest against Sherlock’s angled chest. The torso beneath stills, John can feel the circulation of oxygen pushing in and out of Sherlock’s lungs under his touch. Fingers tighten of their own accord, twisting into the soft royal blue cotton there. Canned laughter echoes from the television, as John’s grip refuses to ease.
The answer knocks John so off guard that he feels his knee give way a little, covers the slip by grabbing the bottle of whisky from Sherlock’s hand and pouring himself another. He knocks it back again and though he hisses air through his teeth the burn still isn’t there, as if his body’s forgotten how to react appropriately to the pain of it.
He’s breathing steadily through his nose, concentrating on staying conscious until John is satisfied with his work. There’s the briefest of pauses, where Sherlock thinks maybe John will claim the space between them again, press his nose just there on the peak of his cheekbone – but he doesn’t. He darts his eyes across Sherlock’s face and presses his lips together tightly instead, repressing another want that he so clearly is leaning towards.
Just as he’s about to give John that excuse, the man Sherlock has been trying to watch rises from his seat, leaving his partner to walk the room again. He appears to be heading in their direction, stopping at every other table to share a few words or an embrace with the other men sitting in their booths. In a few moments, the blonde haired gambler will reach their table, and the game will be up.
“As much as I want to stay here,” John begins, pulling his body away from the pillow of Sherlock’s shoulder. “I don’t really fancy being stark naked when Greg and your brother show up”
“Excellent” John tries to breathe, catch his pulse before it swims out of control in the little space around them.
Sherlock turns off the faucet and John’s instantly cold again, the absence of plumes of steam and skin against his own is noticeable.
The thought vanishes with a long inhale as two fingers lift his chin, so cold they send sparks of ice from his jaw to his belly. Sherlock looks at him as if he’s trying not to, as if every second he does is a second he will regret, a second that’s painful and wanting.
Sherlock begins to move his thumb slowly inside him, other hand still working John’s cock in long sure strokes. John’s thighs are trembling and it’s a miracle he’s still upright, trying to both move forwards and backwards, unsure as to which sensation he wants more of. The noises spilling from his mouth become less controlled and far more filthy, all consideration for their public display gone. John’s hips move of their own accord and there’s little rhythm to it, Sherlock curling his thumb and pushing into him with more force, palm picking up speed around his straining cock.
“You really are – “ John bites back a moan as Sherlock smears pre-come over his head and begins to move his hand purposefully slowly. “–
Everything is so still around John, nothing moves but John’s lips and his throat and his glassy eyes and his chest as it sucks in icy air, Sherlock’s mind is pinpointed, grasped to the point of utter devotion. It’s maddening, really.
No not wholly good, but better now and cleaner than John. Because John is a cheater if not yet physically then mentally; has been betraying his counterfeit wife since the beginning and being unfaithful to himself for even longer. All Sherlock did was kill himself but didn’t and forgot to tell John; and even though he understands and accepts it, John still cannot let it go, so there must be something very, very wrong with him.
These weeks go by the slowest, as if everything is trying to progress but it only knows how to pause. There are cases, and sometimes Sherlock goes alone, like back in the day when each night would end in three hours of lost memory because there was no one to hear his stories. When John appears, he has dark pewter skin under his eyes and his hair is so slicked back it looks mechanical. It’s almost as if he isn’t there, and Sherlock sometimes wishes he wasn’t.
He offers, closes his eyes as John digs his fingers a little too hard into a purple green bruise, shivers and feels warm again. An excuse, explanation, apology -
, I’m close” Sherlock confirms, biting down on his own lip to stem the noises tumbling from his mouth.
Sherlock braces himself for the fallout because he hasn’t really had it yet. John punched him, the morning he arose from his empty coffin, and said things that Sherlock never really thought he’d say - (“I wish you hadn’t come back, I don’t want you here anymore”) - but then the metallic rage left, vanished in the breeze of a sigh pressed to his shoulder, a loose arm around his chest and strong, strong fingers curling into his coat. John had been angry about Sherlock’s none-death, his half-life; devastated and broken and sad, but not for long enough, not deep enough or nearly as bad as Sherlock had expected. As he had
They’d left Rosie at home, mostly due to the cold temperatures and fading winter light, but also because the task at hand would be completed much quicker just the two of them. Or so John had thought. What Sherlock had failed to mention was that he’d never picked out a Christmas tree before, and he also had very very specific parameters that said tree had to fulfil.
He presses his cheek to John’s and waits for a breeze of oxygen, but only a shadow of breath parts the man’s lips. John is leaving, already, without permission, being stolen by the water and lead in his veins.
Only a second of hesitation, and then John accepts the invitation. Presses his mouth, warm and knowing, against Sherlock’s own. John kisses him like he has indeed wanted it all this time, those many months apart only awakening something that laid dormant, waiting for permission to exist. Every sensation Sherlock thought he didn’t want or need crashes over him in one unrelenting wave. John wastes no time, darting his tongue across the wound on his lip and into Sherlock’s mouth, pushing a hand under the hem of his expensive silk shirt. One of them moans and it’s not clear who, maybe both, details seem irrelevant for the first time, as Sherlock feels himself being pushed back against the mattress.
Sherlock chuckles, that double bass laugh he does only when he’s particularly pleased with himself. It’s more endearing than it should be. It’s been so long since John’s heard it that he can’t help but smile, too. Sherlock still functions like he always has, yet sometimes, hidden between the cracks, there’s a sadness. It pulls at the edges of his mouth when John pretends not to look, is plain and raw in the red spidery veins of his eyes when he returns from Sherringford.
“Here you go” John says, or rather, Sherlock reads his lips, unable to distinguish words over the heavy thrum of the next song.
“I think I’ll turn in for the night, actually” Sherlock decides, pushing the iPhone back into his pocket and straightening slightly.
As Sherlock rises up a little John meets him, pushes forward through the opaque air and wraps a sure hand around his neck, waits for nothing but the smallest nod of the man’s chin before he presses their mouths together; pushes through tongue first because he needs to taste every part of this, taste buds hungry and teeth aching for something substantial. Sherlock replies in kind, hands rooted to the crease where John’s thighs meet his pelvis, the tremble of them vibrating straight to John’s cock.
Though the words leave his lips they get a bit lost in the stitch of Sherlock’s shirt, get weakened and sound almost like he’s asking to believe it, a poor excuse for something that he could never be acquitted for.
They both break into giggles now, that childish kind of chuckling that earns them sideways glances at crime scenes. It’s not often they get to do this, just sit and be in each other’s presence with nothing else to distract them. John feels the tiny stones in his heart breaking apart a little more each time it happens, slowly chipping away at every terrible thing he did to the patient man next to him. Somehow they survived it all, and some tear in the fabric of the universe allows them to do this still, be friends and laugh and drink expensive booze while snow falls outside, as if nothing else at all exists.
The chuckle from Sherlock’s throat is so deep it reverberates the air between them, and John can almost feel it on his cheek.
When John wakes in the morning to find he has actually slept, Sherlock is gone. He quickly showers, pulls on clothes he will later store in a box under his bed, and goes to leave. The fridge he hours ago had his back to is still there and still normal. The only addition is a bright yellow sticky note, loud and lonely, and a black marker on the table.
“It’s okay, John” Sherlock soothes, placing feathery kisses over the bruises he’s painted on sensitive skin. “I checked, there’s no one around, and it would take the guard at least nine minutes to reach us”
The upper hand is so often his in every situation, always the leader and never out of his depth. Yet the entire night he’s been following John’s forward thinking, physically and figuratively one step behind him at all times. More than that, Sherlock has found himself not minding this role reversal at all, the manageable danger of letting John take charge is intoxicating.
“My brother thinks he’s funny, that’s the problem” Sherlock huffs, gesturing at the still closed door.
“There’s one more thing,” She starts, biting her lip in anticipation. “I really hope you like it, because it’s none-refundable I’m afraid”
“It’s a shame we’re mostly law-abiding citizens,” John comments, pulling a few notes from one of the leather pockets. “We could be rich by now with your pickpocketing skills”
The curve of Sherlock’s lips upturn as the shadows become easier to navigate. It’s unbelievable how ethereal the man looks even without the gift of light, perhaps even more so with the peak of his lips hidden by darkness, waiting to be found.
And Sherlock doesn’t want him to stop, despite the many eyes watching them and the ache in his gut from sugary alcohol and stress. Would like nothing more than to give his consent for John to open his shirt buttons, lay hands on him like no one else has, taste his mouth as he so often has thought about.
So they do, Sherlock following John yet again along the perimeter of the room, their hands clasped tight. They shadow the gambler along a dark corridor at the back of the building, passing doors framed with more velvet curtains, clearly private rooms for hire. The place seems to be deserted but they carry on, picking up their pace as they chase after their suspect. As they round the next corner, the man is there, just about to enter one of the rooms only feet away.
Sherlock pushes John back against the wall, framing his body in the hopes that they haven’t been spotted. It doesn’t work though. They’ve already been seen, the two of them so easily recognisable that there’s no way to hide their identity, even in half darkness.
John feels as if he's in a dream maybe, except it's much too sharp and Sherlock's face is so clear it hurts his eyes. It could almost all be an illusion; he hasn’t slept right for two days, nor eaten or done much but check his phone and count the amount of words he’s spoken to Mary on one hand. Maybe this is his head backfiring - because it’s been a long time since he’s indulged in the thoughts currently racing there, it’s been nearly three years and several lifetimes since he’s looked at Sherlock and allowed himself to feel.
It’s not like they haven’t slept in the same room before. In fact, they’ve fallen asleep on the sofa together more than once recently, passed out after a case with Rosie between them, only the early morning light rousing John enough to move. They share space and touch without thinking on a daily basis more and more, yet this feels different. This is a four poster bed with ridiculous drapery and dangerous darkness and Sherlock, his shirt collar open and curls straying over his forehead in the phone’s bright glow.
Silence threatens the space between them. John watches as Sherlock opens and closes his mouth again carefully, leaving him bereft in its emptiness. He’s read something that wasn’t there then, imagined words where there were none, fictions they dance around that never become reality.
Sun crests over the line of Sherlock’s shoulder. Shadows pool in the recesses of his muscles, along his neck and jaw, to the honesty of his downturned eyes. John breathes in, steadies the ripple of pain that sings through his heart. Whether by choice or circumstance, Sherlock has always been alone. Has never had this, what John has so easily found his entire life.
Sherlock. Mercifully, John’s not alone in this hellscape, suddenly aware of the body lying next to him, must only be centimetres from his side. Wherever they are it’s not good and they’re definitely not okay, that much John can tell, as he stretches his arm out to the right and feels a solid barrier stopping him. He immediately presses up, reaching in front of his face from the flat of his back, and finds a similar rough of wood in his way, just before his elbow can lock.
The tension cracks and lightning bolts down Sherlock’s spine. It’s been nearly a year since they’ve even come close to sharing their grief. One solitary embrace and John closed right back up again, both of them stubborn in their complacency for repression. Even now with the good days outweighing the bad, there are things that are off limits.
More noises are spilling from his lips as he claims Sherlock’s mouth with fervour, swallows the shadows of denial, the ghosts of his former self trying their best to make him back away – and presses their naked bodies together. Almost dies, right there, when deep moans tumble into his ears and shoulder as Sherlock begins to rock forwards against his hip.
, Sherlock” It’s all he can whisper, tumbles out of his mouth like the words have forgotten to arrange themselves properly, everything is melding into one and John feels himself, tipping blindly towards space.
” (not she or her because Mary is her name and she shares John’s too) “didn’t give you surgery, Sherlock, she gave you a seven percent chance of survival”
The fingers twisting in that Belstaff tighten as he takes more of Sherlock’s thumb into him, oxygen forcing from his lips as his muscles get used to the intrusion. Breathy curses are tumbling into the nape of his neck as Sherlock works, and John realises he must be watching himself, that digit disappearing inside of John with more ease now. The control of the other man not to be touching himself is enviable, John can almost taste the want vibrating from Sherlock’s bones, expletives turning to moans as the tight ring of muscle lets him in.
In dreams or maybe stories, planets collide and gunpowder reacts in colourful sparks and everything intensifies a million fold. In reality, nothing happens but the peaking and breaking of desire, a small bending of time into ecstasy before the chill and silent atmosphere of the kitchen comes back into focus. They breathe only because they have to, and John so wishes he didn't. In and out they recycle invisible elements, round in circles until the air feels less tight and more empty.
He’s dead. It’s the first thing that blurs into John’s head as consciousness restarts his senses. Either his eyes aren’t open properly or he’s surrounded in complete darkness, a black so deep he can’t tell if it’s real or not. The air is stale, prickling at his nostrils as if he’s somewhere that hasn’t seen the light of day for a very long time.
John makes a small sound in the back of his throat, obviously clearing it of something he would regret saying. Sherlock watches as he carefully folds the paper back in two, places it on the side table next to his tea, and stands. Somehow, John appears tall despite the height difference, chin lifted and never-ending eyes set on Sherlock’s own as he takes a short stride towards him. Oxygen constricts for a moment in Sherlock’s lungs and he almost jumps when John reaches to circle his left wrist, tugging it gently so he falls forwards a step. He's caught off guard as fingertips begin to trail across his bare skin, whispering along his forearm.
“We need tea,” John hears from behind him as he makes his way up the stairs, Sherlock following for once, and tentatively; carefully slow paced steps and too steady breath, and that hand has migrated to the centre of his spine and
The fire is still on, and John only notices because he’s being pushed a little too close to it. Parts for a second even though he really doesn’t want to, his hands still flush against Sherlock’s bare skin, warm at his heaving ribs.
Silence again, for a moment. Then John watches. Observes the small parting of Sherlock’s lips, the pinching between his eyebrows as that exhale happens, as the oxygen is released – except Sherlock does not break like he should. Keeps hold of whatever so desperately wants to exit his body, until his entire torso shakes.
Yeah, he’s irritated now. The situation is beyond uncomfortable and Mycroft has a knack of making his blood boil even on a good day. All he wants to do is find Sherlock and make things right and he doesn’t want help from the jumped up idiot next to him, but. He has to admit, his clues so far as to Sherlock’s location amount to a resounding zero.
Sherlock looks but he does not really see, in the vast darkness, how stars could mean things other than brightness and science and worlds far from their own (with his back against the chilled grass, damp seeping through his thick wool coat, and it’s surely already wetting the plane of John’s spine, next to him, shoulder to shoulder).
Annoyingly the car is completely comfortable, and John finds himself falling asleep in the heated back seat, Rosie already in another world entirely.
Instead John rolls his left palm up from its flat line on the wet grass, licks his lips in the moonlight and pushes two fingers to the underside of Sherlock’s wrist, to Sherlock’s weakness, to his life; and Sherlock lets him, because all is safe in the press of John’s steady hands.
“I want to watch you” He confesses, focuses his gaze on John’s blown pupils for as long as he can with the hurt prickling his eyelids. “Touch yourself, for me”
The sound of the shower is finally louder than John’s heart, the pulse in his ears settling somewhat as he watches Sherlock tilt his head back into the stream. Water vines down his face, past his strong nose and cheekbones, flattening his curls and wetting his eyelashes. John is caught for a moment. Follows the movement of tiny rivers across Sherlock’s collarbone and down his marred chest, over the jut of his hipbones and then beneath, to a dark spattering of pubic hair.
John doesn’t want to falter – and so when Sherlock looks up, peels away from his chest and brings their eyes together, he doesn’t. He meets his gaze and all it means, drops his palm to the back of Sherlock’s neck again and holds him there.
“I’ll be back tomorrow” John confirms quietly, tucking the sheet Rosie had disturbed back around Sherlock’s waist.
John. The only man he trusts completely. The only touch he has ever truly craved. The only person he would allow to do this; straddle him while he’s completely helpless, willingly submissive.
John Watson and his daughter are sitting in 221B so Sherlock can’t practice this ritual, and he isn’t even sure if that square of space just to the right of the sink is empty or not anymore. It’s been so long since he last checked, months in fact, and he can hardly remember the shine of the silver or the weight of it in his hands.
John exchanges a look with Sherlock, who appears equally intrigued and worried. Rosie has a habit for surprises, something which has proven both delightful and catastrophic in the past. With that, she rushes back out to the Land Rover, and they both watch from the threshold, Sherlock’s hand on the small of John’s back.
John looks to the stars, counts to ten and breathes. Sherlock continues on through the shadowy towering evergreens, weaving in and out so fast John has trouble keeping up. He gets out his phone for a second to check that Mrs Hudson hasn’t messaged (they have been rather a long time, after all), but his screen is blank. When he looks up again, Sherlock is gone.
Sherlock does not want to escape this moment, he finds, with John’s sure movements turning into frantic ones as they cross the threshold (because Baker Street is a different place, another universe and realm and space of joyful impossibility, and they are them here, no one else). He’s quite content on some hyper real level - though that may be partly down to the adrenaline and yes, a fair bit of shock, coursing through his veins - to let this man, this doctor and this enigma, set him down on a chair and unbutton his shirt and lay hands on him.
God knows how he’s managing to coordinate his limbs, but John’s fingers find Sherlock’s shirt, pull until buttons slip through holes and he can push the designer cotton off his chest. Sherlock’s skin is pale and freckled with moles and scars, a collection of sins and sacrifices John couldn’t care less about right now. His nose bumps Sherlock’s chin painfully as his lips follow his hands, kissing and dragging his teeth across exposed skin as if he only gets this one chance to do so. Nails dig into John’s scalp, Sherlock’s fingers tightening in his hair with every adoration of his chest, fighting for purchase, and John’s vision is swimming, his heart hammering loud and fast.
That voice is silky smooth in the night, and it’s no wonder Rosie prefers Sherlock’s stories to drift off to. The euphonious tones from the man’s lips are like treacle, have been slowly wrapping themselves around John’s heart for months now, keeping him going when nothing else motivates. If there are things that he keeps hidden from himself, then they begin and end there, in the secrets of Sherlock’s mouth.
So John makes no protest as limbs leave his own, as his body is abandoned and the bitter cold shakes him. Sherlock opens his mouth but nothing comes out, and it takes almost all of himself just to sit there and look back at him, accept that this man can’t offer
Nothing happens for an indistinguishable time. John’s head hums and replays through a thousand things and can’t pull out anything singular to focus on, nothing to distract him from the rise and fall of Sherlock’s lungs, the heat radiating from his struggling body.
An unflattering thin gown covers his chest now, the ventilator gone. Tentatively he tests his lungs, breathing deeply until he feels them pinch at the edges. Not as bad as it could be, though his entire right side aches with a half numb heaviness. Sherlock tries to move his hand to lift his gown, inspect the damage, but the effort is too much.
The emphasis on that last word brings a moan from John’s mouth, the sound something Sherlock wants to keep and replay over and over again. John crawls back onto the bed and pulls Sherlock’s zip through metallic teeth, tugs his trousers and boxers off with efficiency. They’re both naked and laid bare now, and Sherlock finds it isn’t as strange as it probably should be, any trepidation he’d imagined this moment would bring is non-existent.
They stay in each other’s arms for a little longer, John massaging the embossed skin at Sherlock’s wrists while he simply watches, unable to look away from the man he would so easily give his life for.
Then, John’s eyes flick away and focus on a spot just over Sherlock’s shoulder. They follow a target and Sherlock waits until they settle again before speaking.
Sherlock can count the number of times he’s been speechless on one hand, and this certainly adds to the tally. If he was even capable of getting past John’s uncharacteristic smoothness, or the fact that he had the foresight to carry twenty pound notes in his pocket, he would still be lost for words. The strong arm around his torso knocks everything else out of his head. The bouncer takes the cash though, curling it into his large fist and opening the door for them.
“Like your Daddy” Sherlock agrees, unable to stop the genuine grin breaking out across his slightly bruised face.
Poised between those long fingers is a caramel slice, his favourite, stolen from the Christmas buffet. Under normal circumstances, John would wonder how long it’s been sat in the man’s pocket for, but right now he couldn’t care less.
“See you tomorrow, then” Sherlock manages, and closes his eyes for fear that keeping them open will only damage him more.
There’s a fight with the duvet. Sherlock’s sheets are like silk, maybe actually are, and cling to every part of his body like static. John lies on his back and realises Sherlock is too, and they’re not touching, and that just isn’t good enough. Then he tries to turn, leaning over on his shoulder, except he’s on the wrong side of the bed, so the wound there that still gives him grief now and again, protests.
Sherlock adjusts his gaze to quickly sweep over the pair himself, and John’s right. They’re kissing, quite passionately, pushing into each other’s space with no concern for any onlookers. In fact, now he’s had chance to take in the room, most of its occupants seem to be doing the same. They are perhaps the only two in the entire club not touching in some way, several couples on the verge of what would be deemed public indecency.
John wordlessly agrees, nods his head once, slowly loosening his grip on the wrist and shirt held so tightly in his fingers. Already the defences are reforming, the cold edges icing back into John’s eyes, chin and mouth both setting into tight lines of control. The soldier in him is ever present, able to snap back into the moment and do what is needed without hesitation.
“Cheeky,” John smiles, laughing a bit too, even though his mind is buzzing and crashing and still not quite believing where he’s stood. “I’m using your fancy body wash”
It will be over too fast and John wishes he could slow it down, that he had the strength, the conviction to take Sherlock to his bed and lay his body down - but the fast and lusty drive of it makes it easy, makes it less difficult to imagine that this is three years ago and Mary doesn’t exist, that they’ve just got back from a case and there’s takeaway going cold in the living room because they’re too exhausted and high on adrenaline to eat. For these precious moments of sin John can imagine they’re both slightly younger and less broken, with nothing hanging between them but tension and bare flesh.
There are two bouncers and a crowd of sweating people between them and the door. John grabs Sherlock’s hand again, pulling him along before he has a chance to argue otherwise. Although really he’s thankful, happy to be led for once, in an environment he can’t quite navigate himself.
“Happy now?” John asks the ceiling, letting his eyes adjust to the inky black as Sherlock locks his phone beside him.
Sherlock raises an amused eyebrow at him but carries on regardless, dodging through rows of trees, measuring them with odd arcs of his body, even sniffing some of them. If he didn’t know the man better, John would say he’d finally snapped. In actuality, the degree of care and interrogation given to each spruce was a result of this year being their first Christmas back at Baker Street together. Just the three of them – and Mrs Hudson, of course – since John had finally realised what a blind idiot he had been for years, and pressed Sherlock against the fridge one hot summer afternoon.
Sherlock doesn’t believe it will be, the inability to move his upper body more than a few inches is already pooling heat in his belly. There’s nothing for him to do, here. No role he needs to fulfil or mission he has to complete, nothing to fight against except the tension gathering in his own body. Sherlock doesn’t have to solve any problems, save anyone or make any life changing decisions, choose whether to make someone feel better or worse – all authority has been stripped from him, and all that is left, is John.
Silence grows between them for a few moments. Sherlock can almost hear John’s brain working, sorting through the files in his head to find words that are appropriate yet strong, guarding the things he really wants to say, close to his chest.
“There’s time” Sherlock settles on, one last flick of his eyes up and down John’s torso before he drinks.
“Leave the child with your landlady” Mycroft drawls, looking Rosie up and down as if she’s a particularly undesirable dog.
That voice, lukewarm and familiar, breaks through the persistent buzz in his head. Sherlock rolls his neck to the right and finds John, tired and small in the seat next to his bed.
John cuts himself off with two fingers pressed to his own lips, reassessing his choice of words and rearranging them. There’s so much he needs to say but it’s not all necessarily legible in his brain yet.
“I think I’ll need a few drinks myself” John admits, trying to shove his hands into his pockets and finding them unable to fit.
John takes a defiant step forwards and allows himself to breathe as Sherlock remains where he is, rooted to the spot by the admission.
Sherlock takes the bottle from him as he offers it, rolls his eyes as John steals his shampoo too, squeezes an overly large amount of it into his palms and then through his hair. Hot water soothes his scalp and back, the length of his neck now more sensitive than it was before. John stretches it out, knows Sherlock’s teeth are there, the imprint of his lips where the muscle connects to his shoulder.
Unfortunately, he has little choice in the matter. John shifts and takes a pillow out of its case, using it to clean the mess on their stomachs. Then he reaches up to the restraints, clicking open the cuffs again and gently lowering Sherlock’s arms to the bed as if he’s not capable of doing it himself. Of course he is, but Sherlock lets him anyway. Allows John this gentle reassurance, a display of affection to counter the intense burst of power he just held over the man below him.
Instinct, then, is his only weapon. That inch or two of distance between them now is critical. If he so wanted, Sherlock could close it with his hips and push until John’s pelvis meets the table. Tempting, but too much. Settles instead, for playing his fingertips along tarnished ribs until they come to rest on John’s thinned out waist. He’s not been eating enough, in between running around after Rosie and following Sherlock’s fast pace. For a moment he’s side-tracked by recalling each time he’s seen John have a meal over the last few weeks, not many at all. And then he remembers where he is and what he’s doing and how one wrong move could bring down the hollow foundations they’ve been building under themselves.
“Room for two more?” John asks, the suggestiveness to the edge of his voice making Sherlock swallow.
“Yes” He replies through gritted teeth, trying his best to keep sarcasm at bay in an attempt not to prolong the inevitable.
“You’re hurt,” He starts, turning over onto his side in the small square of space he has available. “Where?”
John watches and doesn’t know what to say. Cannot remember what he wanted, back when he was the one crumbling slowly from the inside out.
, I would die with you,” He trembles, and John almost forgets to let the air from his lungs, doesn’t even know where his hands are but feels them shake. “any day…
Except it shouldn’t be. They should not have to do this. There should not be a world in which Sherlock is trembling with hurt, so much that John can feel it, breaking across his chest as Sherlock presses his forehead against it. Curls his torso towards John’s until hot breath warms the space there. John flattens his other palm gently along Sherlock’s shoulder blades and then to the back of his neck. Echoing a touch that he once felt, that brought him back from a peak of grief.
Since when does Sherlock talk to Mycroft about him? About anything, actually. John can’t decide if he’s mad or just embarrassed, but either way he’s thankful the heat rising in his cheeks is partly hidden, the clench of his jaw masked. To be honest he wasn’t even aware the brothers were on speaking terms at all, really. Sherlock doesn’t mention the elder Holmes, minus scheduling their visits to Sherringford.
Somehow, impossibly, Sherlock moves his hips and John feels the proof of everything he’s been wanting grind into his pelvis. John bites his lip and shifts, grips his hands either side of Sherlock’s ribs and angles him down again, until their foreheads touch and their zips meet and both are left fighting for the same oxygen.
John’s tone is more gentle than it had been that afternoon at Baker Street, perhaps taking into account Sherlock’s distress in the crowded room earlier. Whatever the reason, it steadies the tremor of electricity buzzing under Sherlock’s skin, dulls the sharp of it to a more pleasant hum, as he silently agrees to the plan.
he wants, the sickly tang of it making his hips keen towards Sherlock’s pressed knee, rutting helplessly under the watchful eye of a God he has never believed in.
They’re really going to do this, John realises. Because Sherlock’s hands haven’t left the waistband of his jeans, and his eyes haven’t stopped raging with icy fire since he looked up at him from his armchair.
The ride back felt long and empty. Greg didn’t press them for official statements, so they didn’t give any. Ducked into the nearest police car and left Musgrave in a blur, exhausted and unconscious to the world outside.
“You live with me” Sherlock interrupts, throwing his arms wide so their elbows bump softly together.
More days and more boxes go by, but Sherlock doesn’t push. If he does, then John might just fall right back into the well of misery he’s been methodically crawling out of, one brick at a time. They’ve come so far, and it’s taken so long, that Sherlock’s just grateful for progress.
Somehow Sherlock’s made himself closer; John feels as if he’s crawling right into him with his eyes so blue and honest, the heat from his shirt sending shivers along his neck. He knows that it’s too late, now, far too acute a situation to be able to turn back and shake it off like falling dust from a quake. Sherlock’s let go of his wrist and so John puts his fingertips to his chest instead; watches his muscles tighten beneath the almost-touch, hears oxygen hiss through the man’s nose, unsteady.
“Well, just about” The man continues, putting the coffee cup clutched in his hand onto the side table.
John moans, some low animal thing that encompasses the knowledge of that, and how long he has waited for it. Both his hands are working Sherlock’s shirt buttons, not as smoothly as he’d like because this is still big. Still a thing he hasn’t really planned for, only in fleeting moments when he has allowed his mind to truly relax, let it think about what it might be like, if they were other people entirely.
Sherlock hears his own breathing speed up as if it doesn’t belong to him, the needy noises coming from his mouth foreign. He catches John’s eyes as they seek out his own, and that’s enough, the peak breaks over him in a sudden rush of euphoria.
Something breaks across the shadows of John’s cheeks and mouth, his bottom lip trembling slightly as he wets it out of habit. They’re caught in this endless loop of nearly, almost reaching the pivotal point of no return before their self-sabotage tricks them into retreat. But the lure of it is so beguiling now that Sherlock no longer wants to back away, cannot imagine another hour, never mind seven more years, of this. Yet it’s John, who needs to take the chance. It’s John now, who must step to the edge of the roof and hope Sherlock is there down below. It can’t be any other way, because Sherlock isn’t strong enough to suffer the fall, anymore.
“Got him” John says, following Sherlock’s gaze just as their criminal slips through into the next room.
John regards him as he shucks of his coat, maroon shirt buttons straining with the movement. Sherlock places it over the back of the sofa and practically throws himself into the seat next to John, reaching to snatch the whisky from his hands.
Those lips are already parted as John takes them in his own. Just once, a delicate but certain press, pushing through a small gap in the defences they have held up for so long. The fight is finally over and John melts into it, years of holding on tight with shaking hands culminating in Sherlock’s pliant mouth beneath his own, as he dares to place his lips there again. It’s different and not at all unpleasant, the rough of a chin against his own not as unwelcome as he had imagined.
, and John’s world collapses into the few inches around them and between them. Tips of Semtex fingernails at his calves, testing, making muscle dance, and it takes all of his will to keep his breath steady; then more pressure to the inside of his knees, the line of his thighs as Sherlock smoothes the heels of his palms along them, ice fire through denim.
is, or at least what form it will take, but John knows he doesn’t want to hear it. Not in this moment of jeopardy, not with his very existence evaporating into nothingness with every passing second. If he’d ever imagined declarations between them, it was never under the threat of death. So many times they’ve managed to avoid it, laugh it away or brush it off, their goodbyes becoming recycled and infinite.
Wine red gently ebbs from the tiny wound and he watches it, the slow purposeful path it makes down the ridges of the wrinkles in his flesh. He blinks and suddenly feels that nausea again, like he’s breathing backwards and the world is moving too fast beneath his feet. Like a quick fast rush of air all his choices pass before him and he falters, senses the sea sick feeling that this one little decision could mean so much. Yet how can it, this insignificant post-it note, a dead tree shredded and pressed, dyed a sickening neon. But then, how could it not,
John wants to say. But they have no time and the longing reverberating from Sherlock’s mouth is too absorbing, every feeling focusing like tunnel vision onto the soft meeting of skin.
John feels the electricity pooling in his belly and sparkling along his skin, pulls Sherlock as close as possible by the corners of his coat as everything spills over the edge and he comes hard into his hand. There’s too much feeling and John can’t distinguish one wave of pleasure from the next, letting it dance through his nerves and shake down his body.
Every minute and second, John’s been trying to reason it out in his head. They’ve always flirted the way only best friends can, teetering around the concept of anything more and being fine with that, because everyone else already assumed it was. His reliance on Sherlock is complicated and so wrapped up in all the unbelievable things they’ve been through together, that it’s sometimes hard to tell which feelings are fiction. Forty odd years of knowing himself and the thought of wanting his mouth on every inch of Sherlock’s masculine body is still surprising. But he does. He does, and that scared trembling
The exhale through Sherlock’s nose is almost desperate as he swallows, gaze dragging from the shadows of their half-pressed bodies to John’s collarbone and finally his eyes, looking up at him through the curls on his forehead.
So, John gives that to him. Lets his other hand fall to the round of Sherlock’s arse, digs his nails in until Sherlock hisses, goes faster and firmer along the length of his cock until he feels him quivering and then stops – holds Sherlock’s gaze as his eyes fly open and he gasps, the look on his face wicked and disbelieving and caught somewhere John wishes he could be, always.
John’s glad he’s still wearing his jacket. The temperature has dropped somewhat from the heated rooms upstairs, the damp tickling slightly at the back of his throat. He takes the bottle from Sherlock as he offers it, struggling to read the label in the dim light.
Sooo I wrote this incredibly quickly because it needed to be out of my brain. The happier conclusion of chapter 1, which is essential reading for this chapter to make sense.
“Um,” John rolls his lips together, wondering how to ask two people he’s only met once if they’ll look after his daughter while he treks up a hill in the burgeoning snow to confess his feelings to their son.
Sherlock can’t even remember what the antagonist is supposed to be doing or has done, now. Case details have dropped from his mind and all he’s concerned with is the slowly building fire in his belly, the churning in his stomach that nearly makes him want to throw up.
There’s no real use in protesting so John follows, vaguely familiar with the layout of the place from the last time they were here together. No out of work actors lurking in the shadows this time, just doors leading to unused rooms and stuffy collections of relics that never leave their display cases. It still hangs between them all, secrets and childhood traumas in the darkness of a well. Sherlock goes to Sherringford and returns, and John does his best not to ask too many questions. Simple, and like most things between them, not at all okay.
John’s pulling Sherlock off his knees and onto the armchair before he’s even really thought about it, the muscles wake in his arms and he finds strength enough to manoeuvre the man; until there are knees sliding and digging into the chair either side of John’s thighs, and long arms braced on the back of it, an awkward mess of too many limbs and not enough space or air to even breathe.
For a moment he can’t respond, any kind of reply getting lodged somewhere in his sternum. John’s fingers reach the gathered cotton at his elbows and then drop to his waist instead, slowly counting his ribs. Tiny treacherous goosebumps prickle at the skin beneath Sherlock’s shirt, betraying its interest and lack of human contact. It’s the sharp sound of his own breath Sherlock is next aware of, burning his nose as John wets his own bottom lip with the flat of his tongue.
“What’s the problem?” He asks, squinting in the white light surrounding Sherlock as he steps back into the corridor.
Before Sherlock can form a sentence, John’s gathering the first aid off the table and takes his bloodied shirt from the counter where it lies atop drying dinner plates. The cold between them is instant and vast. Sherlock wants to grab his arm and stop him, say he was wrong, they’re both wrong, they can do this even if it’s only for tonight. But he doesn’t. Instead he watches his heart walk towards the bathroom. John doesn’t look back as he closes the door behind him.
Everything is made worse by the fact that he can’t see Sherlock, can’t read his face or pick out the peaks and valleys of his cheekbones, the soft of his upper lip or the crinkle between his brows. This may be the end, their finishing moments, and John doesn’t even get to look at him one last time. And his daughter – Rosie will be an orphan, alone in a world John knows is mostly terrible, he’ll have failed her and Mary and his own promise to keep her safe. Never will he see her honest smile again, or hear her brightening giggles, feel her tiny hand in his own. Every terrible thought crashes over John all at once, paralyzing him for a moment in the claustrophobic shadow.
They reach the security cabin and pick up the tree, Sherlock paying in cash for what looks like the best of the bunch. Obviously. If the guard notices their overly pink cheeks and John’s ruffled hair he doesn’t say anything, putting it down to the weather rather than the dirty escapade that just went on in the trees behind him. John lets Sherlock drive them back, trying not to fall asleep after the exertion and wondering if he’ll be forever turned on by the smell of pine.
He’s not even sure why they ended up going to the Yard’s Christmas party. Only Greg really wanted them there, and the big day is still a fortnight away, making the streams of tinsel and sudden outbursts of bad festive chorus seem a little ridiculous. However, Molly had offered to babysit, and the chance to be both child and case free for a night seemed too good an opportunity to pass up.
“Let’s steal and run then” He says through the pounding in his ears, grabbing a bottle of whisky for good measure as he heads back to the staircase.
Oh, he hasn’t been this needing ever, not once - and it rolls through him like a first breath, shatters any illusions he might still have that this isn’t right; that he hasn’t always needed Sherlock and always will, somehow, in some way, like this, yes yes yes,
Despite the cramp rising rapidly up his left leg, Sherlock doesn’t want to move. The water is on its way to lukewarm and his clothes are becoming unpleasant, but John’s torso is still there, pressed against him, his fingers absentmindedly stroking Sherlock’s hip. Reluctantly he does get up though, unfolding his body and climbing out of the tub in one fluid motion. He tugs out the plug, offering a hand to John who takes another moment or two to catch his breath before letting himself be pulled out.
to the surface. God knows he’s been trying to get something from Sherlock other than empathy and tolerance, something that doesn’t want to make John try and fix him, find the pieces that went missing during those two years of being dead and alive all at once.
Mrs Hudson’s lights are off when he finally opens the door. It’s only then Sherlock realises the hour. Somehow it’s gone eleven, despite leaving Ella’s office just after eight. Vaguely he wonders why his phone hasn’t lit up with texts from John, who normally flips his lid if he’s so much as an hour late from anywhere nowadays. The vulnerability of their relationship is sometimes all too apparent, even now. Secure but frayed at the edges, one sharp tug could begin the unravelling.
With a finesse he simply shouldn’t have, Sherlock finishes his icing job and puts the piping bag on the table, standing back to admire his work.
“In a booth opposite,” John confirms, pretending to take another drink to locate him exactly. “Seems to be with a partner”
“That’s a shame,” John counters, fingers slipping into his pocket to pull out a twenty. “We’re feeling flush and we were promised a show”
The words are stuck because he doesn't want to speak them, would rather have his mouth to Sherlock's and their worlds colliding, new and wrong and all the things he's wanted since the beginning. It's unfair and John knocks his head back against the fridge, once, twice, screws his eyes so tight that tiny white daggers stab his lids.
There are no words here, only that precious potential, and he collects every second of it, imprints it into his nerves, into his heart - and if Moriarty burns out Sherlock’s then he can have John’s, wholly, already does.
“All this fucking time” John says into Sherlock’s mouth, the hand between his legs quickly bringing him to the inevitable edge.
“John,” He breathes into greyed hair, wordlessly trying to communicate that John should move, the tension in his arms and shoulder must be unbearable by now.
They head back in silence, the ground crunching beneath their feet as they walk towards the path to the cottage. Mycroft is outside, so Sherlock stops where he his at the bottom of the garden and takes an offered cigarette. The older Holmes regards John with a raised eyebrow, and he doesn’t want to know what the man can see painted on his face. His lips are still swollen from Sherlock’s teeth and he smells like him, earthy sweat and smoke. There’s no chance Mycroft missed it.
Sherlock isn't entirely sure if that question is aimed his way or to John himself. With every ounce of strength Sherlock asks his body to move, but he can only get so far as an outstretched arm, reaching for John in the low light. When their hands meet, John immediately wraps the other around the back of Sherlock’s neck, mouth open and wanting so quickly he barely has chance to inhale. This time those lips are sure and strong against Sherlock’s own, not diminished with the threat of death, but alight with the promise of more. Instant pain shoots up the length of his neck as he strains towards John’s touch, trying to get as much of him as possible in case it doesn’t last. The hurt is only eclipsed by his own desire, pooling hot and needy in his stomach.
Sherlock’s face softens, his frosty eyes sparkling for a moment. John swallows and looks down at his feet. This is his chance, to say all the things he should say, but the words are leaving him as quickly as the heat is leaving his fingers.
Lestrade asks John about the sale of the house when he drops by about a case, so Sherlock goes into the kitchen and closes his ears. He doesn’t want to know about the perfect family moving into John and Mary’s house, and he couldn’t care less about the specifics. The details aren’t for him. Some things are still John’s business alone, and though Sherlock could very easily find him a good solicitor and a better buyer, he doesn’t offer his help.
All he wants to do is get in, shrug off his coat, loosen his shirt collar and stare at the small metal box hidden beneath the bathroom floorboards. Undo the latch maybe, take out the contents one by one one, and wonder. And pretend. Drown out the last hour of talking about his sister and his relationships and his apparent messiah complex.
He can only manage the first syllable of Sherlock’s name as he lets him leave, weighted down against the sofa by his own immediate regret. The door to the bedroom at the back of the kitchen is slamming before John can even exhale, the harsh catch of the lock making him physically jump.
Exactly Sherlock’s point. No longer is John the unattached bachelor, his only responsibility the Browning in his pocket. He has flesh and blood of his own to take care of, his and his alone to protect. Rosie, the bright precious star they both orbit, the gravity that keeps them tethered. The body he is healing is needed, and Sherlock will not be responsible for the death of another Watson.
That comprehension in eyes that seldom give anything away is just about too much, and John kind of hates it - not because it's not genuine but because it's the same deep understanding look that Mary had given him two days after Sherlock's return.
Somehow the negative charge between them has bridged a gap and John no longer needs to tip his chin to meet Sherlock’s eyes - can take in all of him and finds Sherlock irritated and tired, the signs of fracturing cracks where he’s been trying to keep himself hidden but now he’s seeping through, between the gaps in the wall that’s been up ever since he reappeared from the dead.
“What was he like –” John pauses, wonders if he should even speak at all. “Do you remember him, at all?”
Words die in Sherlock’s mouth as John’s lips meet his jaw, barely there yet full of intention, travelling along the sharp of his chin. He tries to speak again but the mouth pressing below his ear now is too consuming, becoming more purposeful as John kisses a line down the tendon of his throat, fingers once again weaving into his hair.
The breath hisses between his teeth at the carelessness of the driver, but Sherlock doesn’t relent. He’s way beyond accepting favours from his brother, their relationship respectful but still strained despite their truce. Ten days away from a case of any kind has been bad enough, Sherlock just wants Baker Street and familiarity and perhaps another painkiller or two. He doesn’t speak again until they arrive at 221B, shucking off John’s offered arm as he takes the stairs slowly.
Clearly it’s a strip bar, or at least what Sherlock imagines such a place would look like, modelled after something from the 1920s. It’s not a large room by any means, but there are two small circular platforms in the middle, each showcasing a half-naked male dancer, muscles shining in the low light. Crescent moon shaped booths line the walls, most of them taken, waiters carrying trays of whisky and champagne to their occupants. It’s quiet enough in here to perceive the shaky inhale of John’s breath, the music sensual and at a much more manageable volume than it had been in the main club.
They don’t talk, though. Sherlock moves onto his side and takes John’s hand in his own. Turns it in his palm and kisses the knuckles there, eyes already closing. John can’t find the strength to move, despite the odd angle of his bent elbow aching softly. So he stays there, takes in the smallness of his own palm in Sherlock’s long slender fingers, wonders how the night ended here and how it didn’t end here sooner.
Instantly the strain on his wrists to stay upright is immense. John tries to catch his breath, presses his lips to Sherlock’s jaw a few times before shifting off him, onto his back on the mattress. They lie there, side by side, swimming in the fading pool of ecstasy.
Only he’s holding on firmly this time. John’s hands are bloodied and burned from twisting the rope in his grip – but he’s got it. He’s found it again. In the sure press of Sherlock’s lips, and the truth birthing from his mouth to John’s own.
It’s January outside so he prepares the fire an hour in advance. The flat is so warm when the two of them arrive, that the doctor is sweating by the time he’s been up and down the stairs twice.
“Can’t sleep, then” Sherlock says after a moment, and the deep baritone scratch of his voice tells John he’s not used it for hours. “You look terrible.”
When he finally gives up on telekinesis and joins Sherlock in the vacant bedroom, the man is already coatless and shoeless, lying on the bed. With apparently zero concerns at all, Sherlock has propped himself up with a pillow, legs stretched out in front of him and crossed at his ankles, seemingly occupied with his phone.
No words are spoken the whole ride back, and that’s really just fine; John doesn’t think he can handle anything other than silence right now, and even if he could, he’s pretty sure if he were to open his mouth only emptiness would come drifting out of it. There’s a lot to process, and the sound of Sherlock’s brain opening and closing its filing cabinets is the only one breaking the monotony of tires on London road.
“John – “ Sherlock gestures towards the man with a flick of his eyes, who seems to be heading through another door. “That’s our man”
Another few nearly unbearable moments, and Sherlock sees the room blacken and implode, spilling over John’s hand as he finishes with curses on his tongue. When the tremors ease off, Sherlock pushes it into John’s mouth instead, pulling at the man’s bottom lip with his teeth until he gasps and gasps, coming onto Sherlock’s stomach.
Fuck it all off, because it feels too good – Sherlock, feels so good – his teeth biting and tongue soothing, being consumed by him as he has from the beginning. It feels right. So much more right than John had ever imagined it could be.
“I’ve had Stanley make preparations for you both on the west wing” He announces, looking over their shoulders to the burgeoning storm outside.
Thank you for the encouraging comments on the previous chapter, they are definitely what spurred me on to get this out so promptly. I hope it's not a disappointment!
“Please, can you” Sherlock swallows, shuddering slightly as tremors of pain run through him. “Just once”
He can almost taste John’s dark smile as he continues to work himself, his other hand drifting to play at Sherlock’s chest again. Fingernails dig in painfully at Sherlock’s ribs, and he can tell John is already close, the steam and the unique situation enough to heighten the arousal. The breaths against the back of his head become faster and more strained, and just as he thinks John will finish right there against his wet shirt, the movement stops.
Sherlock’s feet stop in their tracks, giving the living room rug a small break to recover from his constant tread. He watches the casual way John eases down into his armchair, folded paper in one hand and tea in the other. The press of his lips to the rim of the mug is absolutely normal, a puff of air skims from his mouth across the freshly boiled liquid, doing nothing to cool it but everything to convince Sherlock that he is, in fact, being serious.
Sherlock wants to protest, mostly because he didn’t technically die the first time, but he thinks twice about it as remorse blemishes John’s face. There’s wet gathering in the corners of the eyes avoiding his, small pools that Sherlock wants to taste on his tongue. The soldier sniffs and lifts his chin, steadying his gaze on Sherlock’s, looking so far into him that it’s difficult to keep his own fixed.
There are goosebumps on Sherlock’s bare arms where he’s rolled his sleeves up, neat tiny rows of them and John’s close enough to just reach the pads of his fingers out and read them like Braille, but he doesn’t. Doesn’t really need to because the hitch of Sherlock’s very pulse shockwaves through the room and John can hear the copper blood running through his startled veins, could take his mouth to them and trace every circulation of cells and oxygen if he so wanted, sees the threat of something simultaneously ruinous and terrifying, mirroring from his own eyes to Sherlock’s - and whatever he’s afraid of, John’s afraid of it too.
Without considering the alternative, John steps to the foot of the bed, removes his jacket and folds it into a square. He places the makeshift pillow on the floor, wincing as his body protests at the gravity pulling him down to follow it. Oh, he’s going to ache in the morning, even with the cushion of alcohol numbing his bones somewhat. Ever the soldier, he folds his arms across his chest and closes his eyes, Sherlock’s tapping like a metronome in the night. Perhaps only minutes have passed, the comforting keyboard sound lulling John into an easy slumber despite the hard floor beneath him.
Sometimes though, John only sees what he wants to, and so he fetches some water and some paper towel that Sherlock didn’t even know existed outside the aisle in Tesco that he has passed once or twice, sets it all down on the table neat and in line, produces a first aid kit - John is the first aid kit, he is Sherlock’s aid - and performs like Sherlock is simply a patient, albeit a patient with shallow knife wounds and the imprint of a boot, probably, on his ribs.
Sherlock says, doesn’t wait for an answer and his voice is rough and so far past low that John barely hears it anyway. Only knows that his hand is taken and cradled in a slightly larger one and then he’s circling Sherlock’s cock, surreal and heavy and they’re both moving together, constantly in every shadow of space until close is no longer a choice but a necessity, until John’s trying to both push himself into Sherlock’s hold and grind into his hip, not enough and far too much.
“I know” Sherlock replies, voice slightly strained as he reaches for a bottle on the highest row, stretching on his tip toes. “It’s a wonder Mycroft is so boring when he has half of the world’s wine reserves down here”
The distressed gasp from the back of Sherlock’s throat tumbles into John’s mouth unwillingly, vibrating off the backs of his teeth as they kiss. He tries to hold onto him, intwines their fingers tightly in an effort to show John that he is fine, he doesn’t need to stop, he doesn’t care about the bolts of electricity snapping at his tendons. The other man draws back momentarily, breathing heavy against Sherlock’s cheek.
Rosie is smiling from ear to ear, clearly chuffed that her gift has been received so well. John wonders for a moment if her present has a secondary motivation. It’s no secret they have missed having his daughter around, the constant bustle of a child in the house a learning curve they both grew to enjoy and become dependant on. Soon she will be off to university, and if Rosie gets her first choice across the Scottish border, there will be miles and miles between them, not just a moderate drive up the motorway.
Yet this isn’t entirely right, not their surroundings or the threat of potential danger now walking towards another door at the edge of the room. As much as the voyeuristic element is thrilling, Sherlock wants this moment for himself, if it’s to happen at all. With great effort, Sherlock brings his hand to John’s cheek and guides it up until their eyes meet. If he had any oxygen left, the desperation in those irises would have taken it away. All the things normally hidden in the shadows of John’s pupils are blown and bright, obvious as he attempts to compose himself in Sherlock’s lap.
They pause at the living room light switch, John trailing behind Sherlock, his hand moving to intertwine their fingers as Sherlock flicks it off. Past the kitchen table and their half-eaten breakfasts from days ago, plates that should have been washed but were abandoned in favour of a trip across the sea.
Yeah, he should just turn back. Bury everything like he’s so good at doing, forgive and forget and smile tightly like everything is okay. And perhaps if he were a better man - a
“Yes, I would” Sherlock counters, still standing on the poor worn out rug. “You spend the majority of your time trying to convince London of your heterosexuality –”
Even if John were brave enough to slow it down he couldn’t. Sherlock is like a vast still lake, inky black and inexplicable, a body of deep waters that John’s disturbed with his lips and hands, gentle surface ripples turning to violent waves and now there’s no stopping it - a tsunami of pent up desire that John can do nothing but swim in, swim swim swim until his arms give in and he drowns from the pull of it on his lungs and heart.
“He became the greatest hunter in the world, but he had a massive ego, boasted he could kill just about anything…”
Sherlock takes another stuttering breath through his nose, and John uses the sound of it to locate his position in the smothering darkness. He must be on his back too, also without his coat, John discovers, as he carefully moves his hand blindly along Sherlock’s bicep.
He turns to catch Sherlock’s eyes and they’re soft, if not a little surprised at the offer John has not yet made. Rarely do they open up to each other, but John knows they need to. They’re supposed to. They’re best friends and roommates and whatever the hell else they are. After everything they’ve been through and are still going through, it should be easier.
Sherlock doesn’t, but he can see the truth of it in John’s eyes and the caught lip between his teeth, as he works his hand.
“The hunter, um, strong and intelligent, he um” John shifts, a whispering squeak of damp grass against his jacket, attempting to move the numb from his bones, arms tight at his shivering sides.
And now – finally toeing off his shoes and socks and flexing bare toes against the rug – he can taste the bile rising in his throat again.
Perfect. What a brilliant way to be spending a Saturday evening, confronting every possible nightmarish fear in the tiny space of a makeshift coffin. John reaches up again just to double check and yeah, they’re in a bloody box. Hopes raised momentarily, he pats himself down, anticipating the feel of a phone. Except his jacket isn’t on his shoulders anymore, and the spare burner he’s been keeping in his trouser pocket isn’t there.
Although they touch fairly often, this is the first time for perhaps months that it’s been purposeful. The silence is quite deafening, and that anxiety Sherlock thought was on it’s way out comes creeping back in, crawling tiny fires through his veins and into the tips of his fingers as he works. It’s been a while since he’s had to tend to John like this – it’s only happened a handful of times before, and never on this scale. Case upon case Sherlock has turned down. Any he could predict inciting potential danger, including a good few the likes of which he may never come across again. So carefully he screened John’s emails to erase anything that could end up where they are right now. Yet still, somehow, the battered man in front of him managed to seek out harm and let it ruin his flesh.
Somehow Sherlock is radiating warmth, though John’s sure he’s probably cold. Those hands are usually ice, cool to the touch even in the summer months. He looks comfortable there, stretched out the length of the bed, one arm under his head, regarding John with contemplative eyes.
And he keeps looking, watches as Sherlock puts his shirt back on with his eyes full of everything he can’t articulate and never leaving John’s, runs a hand through his hair and straightens his watch and does not say a word. He’s holding back, this genius, this remarkable man that John just wants to have and keep and live for; Sherlock’s let part of himself go only to snatch it back again, because he knows what’s coming,
John’s not listening though, the expanse of the cellar suddenly seems a bit claustrophobic, the smell of aged wood and cold stone sticking in the back of his throat. Since moving back to Baker Street over the summer, that sensation of being gently smothered has been happening more frequently. John’s not sure what the trigger is, but it’s like drowning except dry, as if something is constricting every blood vessel in his body and stealing the air from his lungs. Maybe he’s still a little stuck, weighted down by the rocks that have slowly piled up over the last few years. Moving back in with Sherlock had been a step, a big one, despite the ease at which he and Rosie had settled right in. Now and again it feels unreal, like he’s a doppelganger in his own story, the plot laid out for him long ago. As if no matter what he does, the pages are already written.
He opens his mouth but Sherlock cuts in, closes fingers around John’s wrist and takes his clenched fist from the table, holds it just there in front of them and John can feel his own blood beating, jumping in his veins against Sherlock’s grip.
Sherlock huffs a breath that warms the space below his jaw red hot and leaves just as quickly, a ghost of something that could be laughter in the right air. Except it’s more like the sob that’s slipping from John’s mouth every time he speaks, a voice from the monstrous want inside him that feeds on Sherlock’s close body and blurry skin.
– trapped within walls that speak of past hurts. Except, that pain isn’t quite there, somehow. All John had felt when he’d let his daughter wander into the cottage her mother once visited was warmth, a reassurance that he had long ago been a good man, had made the effort at least, to make things right. Mary isn’t there anymore. She is part of him, part of Rosie and will always be, but John finds he has control now. Only conjures her spirit when he needs it, and often does not.
Vaguely he hears the thud of the remote falling to the carpet, as Sherlock’s fingers card into his hair. Those long digits wrap around the back of his skull like he doesn’t trust the reality of it. And John doesn’t, either, despite the urgency of his mouth against Sherlock’s and his hips shifting upwards at the pull of electricity. He doesn’t know for sure if this is happening, or if he’s being tricked or something terrible is about to rip him apart, if this is just another game, the wedding ring he still can’t take off catching on Sherlock’s shirt buttons –
Sherlock’s mouth is moving, but he isn’t speaking either. John can feel it open and close there against his sternum, the fleshy hill of that bottom lip catching on his shirt buttons, as if he’s trying and faltering over and over again.
Darkness is falling too, which doesn’t help. They had all been a bit too involved in hearing the case details, crowding around a laptop while the elder Holmes recounted the sordid tale. Time had been lost. This one had all the hallmarks of a good nine though – jealous ex-wife, missing mistress and another member of the Royal Family up to no good. Certainly the level of juice needed to generate a few thousand hits on the website, even if John had to change some details here and there. The lure of it had been enough that they had dropped everything else back in London, and John had called in another favour from Molly, who was fast becoming Rosie’s favourite person on Earth.
“A genius and a doctor, and we can’t beat a pair of trousers” Sherlock replies, words straining with the effort.
In that quiet space of time, Sherlock lets the agony overtake his body and attempts to ride it out. More than anything, he does not want to move, or have John move away from him. Nothing can break this moment in case it is forever undone, not even his own crippling hurt as it chases through his veins.
“Yes, Sherlock” John puts his lips to the shell of Sherlock’s ear and breathes into him, picks up the pace until he’s trembling. “For me, come on”
“I want to try,” He offers, trying to keep the shake from his voice. “Whatever this is, I want to try”
“Hmm” John confirms, flicking his gaze across Sherlock’s no doubt tired looking face. “Should ask you the same thing”
“I told you to let me handle it” Sherlock continues, removing his own jacket and unbuttoning his shirt cuffs while pacing the small space between them.
Not exactly the comment he’d expected, but fair. John can’t help the small smile that tugs his lips, looking down at his own comic appearance, drowned in crimson polyester, the fur of the hood nearly consuming his face entirely.
Sherlock, who is still alive, despite everything. Despite every person he loves trying to drag him down into the deep, one way or another.
They walk back to the cottage mostly in silence, a comfortable stretch of time where Sherlock offers a hand to John as they climb over stiles, steps side by side with him and lets their elbows bump from time to time. When the cottage finally comes into view again the snow has eased, and Sherlock’s pace slows.
John cocks an eyebrow his way as if his solution to their problem is completely ordinary. That what he’s suggesting is perfectly reasonable, despite the twenty-six facts to the contrary Sherlock already has in his head. It’s ludicrous and ridiculous. Absurd and dangerous.
“Molly’s outside with someone who wants to see you,” Greg says, still curled around the doorframe like he doesn’t quite want to step inside. “We thought we’d bring her, she was pretty persistent... If that’s okay, John?”
Sherlock looks more relaxed than John has seen him for a good while. His collar is open and he’s moved both socked feet onto the sofa, eyes closed as John walks back into the living room. From the back of an armchair he grabs a couple of woollen throws, places one softly over Sherlock’s outstretched body.
John watches the booze travel down Sherlock’s throat, slower this time, and wonders how many bottles he’s been through in his absence, if he needs to search every corner of the flat for crueller vices.
A sharp breath forces out through John’s nose before he can stop it. He keeps his eyes focused on the back of the seat in front of him, fist clenching against his knee reflexively. His other arm is hooked around Rosie’s torso, her blonde curls mercifully concealing most of his face.
Sherlock lets his eyes flutter closed as the path John is drawing along his jaw reaches his neck, thumb dancing over his pulse point and to his open shirt collar.
John peels away from his body, slips off the bed and stands beside him. Sherlock is left bare and straining, deprived in the emptiness around him. For a few moments John simply looks, dragging his gaze over Sherlock as if he wants to consume every part of him. It’s a stare that prickles tiny bumps across Sherlock’s skin and makes him keen his hips towards the now vacant space between them. He watches the muscles in John’s arms and torso as he pulls white cotton over his head, a hushed curse spilling from his own lips as jeans follow the t-shirt to the floor. John wraps a hand around himself and begins to pull at his needy cock, eyes still flicking across Sherlock’s aching body.
It’s funny how seconds can feel like years, and stars implode and are reborn in the time it takes Sherlock to let his mountainous eyes go black with want and the oxygen leave the space of his mouth in a sharp exhale, as if he’s been waiting for years and lifetimes before they even met to hear those words.
“There must be another exit,” John says, removing himself carefully from Sherlock’s lap all too easily. “Let’s go”
Something deep in John twists a little, struggles with the ebbing adrenaline and the building tension in his gut - they’re alive, they’re safe and it’s all fine, really - except there was
“I was asking what our tactic is here,” John continues, grabbing Sherlock’s arm to stop him, a few feet away from the bouncers. “I haven’t got my Sig”
The words bite at John’s face before Sherlock can stop them, his need for pain relief now outweighing any sense of social politeness. Immediately he regrets his choice of words though, as the man in front of him finally meets his eyes, and Sherlock flinches at the naked hurt there.
John watches as Sherlock narrows his eyes, contemplating the specimen before them. This is the eleventh Christmas tree they’ve stopped to look at, Sherlock rejecting each one based on factors John isn’t privy to. And to be honest, really doesn’t care about.
Something sad blooms across Sherlock’s face, and John isn’t sure why. Wets his bottom lip and reaches out fingers to Sherlock’s elbow.
Just a reset, a second to reassure each other that everything is fine, even if it isn’t. If John is the guiding light then Sherlock is the compass, both necessary to keep right. Together they are grounding and certain, when nothing else is.
The centre of his vision begins to crackle and darken, the machine next to him hisses gently and lulls Sherlock back into unconsciousness. The ghost beside him disappears, and he succumbs to sleep.
It really isn’t even a case at all. If not for the clientele, Sherlock would have downgraded it to a zero. Mycroft had been pushy, though, refusing to send Scotland Yard after the assailant in order to protect the client’s identity. The unfortunate man who lost his Grandmother’s heirloom in an ill-advised game of strip poker is one of his brother’s colleagues, someone with a high ranking government position that Sherlock hadn’t cared enough to pay attention to, and a desire to keep his predilection for gambling and younger men out of the papers. The older Holmes was lucky it had been a slow week. Straightforward cases of theft don’t usually interest Sherlock at all. The only persuasive element had been John’s unusual willingness to take part, the hand that had trailed slowly up Sherlock’s arm and then his waist, the living room blurring into white noise.
Her apparition starts to fade away, blonde curls becoming transparent. Sherlock struggles in the confines of his broken body and groans, searching for something that simply isn’t there.
The doctor only rolls his eyes in response, crossing his arms defensively as he waits for instructions.
They look at each other for a second and break into quiet laughter. Tinged with a touch of nerves still, but offering light relief from the mild panic John had felt moments earlier. Eventually they regain composure and Sherlock manages to shake free from his binds of cotton, left in socks and the dark maroon shirt hanging off his shoulders. The socks make John chuckle again, cut short by Sherlock’s mouth on his, teeth clacking with the ferocity of it as he pushes his cock against John’s bare thigh.
“Sherlock used to follow the local shepherd around as a boy, wrangling the sheep” She continues, smiling fondly at the memory. “We think he just wanted some friends, really”
Sure, he’s only been in therapy a few months, but even a sociopath can spot bullshit from a mile away. And that’s what it is, they both know it. There’s no conviction behind those words, John’s not even doing a good job of persuading himself. Sherlock can feel the muscle under his touch constrict with the deception.
“You saved me, in here” Sherlock reaches two fingers to press at his own forehead, the movement straining muscles that should not hurt so much. “For the third time”
Sherlock lets it happen. He watches the icy cold waves batter John’s body, he tastes the salt of it in the air around them, in the kitchen as he makes tea and the vibration of his violin notes as they evaporate on John’s skin. It’s a storm and Sherlock can do nothing but stand on the rocks next to him and let it weather his friend, hoping the force of it hasn’t eroded too much when it passes.
Sherlock’s throat is hoarse and deep and rumbles straight to John’s belly as he laughs low against him, hooks thumbs over the waistband he’s been toying with for the last few minutes. John feels the tug as Sherlock pulls open the first button, has to abandon wrestling with his own shirt collar to steady himself on Sherlock’s biceps.
“My right side” Sherlock finally replies, whispered between them. “Under my rib. Small blade, I think”
That catches John’s attention enough for him to lift his gaze and narrow his eyes, the beginnings of irritation clenching his jaw. It’s a certain kind of look somewhere between anger and intrigue that Sherlock sometimes likes to provoke for fun.
There’s a low chuckle in his ear, the vibration of it going straight to John’s balls as they tighten and ache for touch. Sherlock’s own pelvis shifts a little behind him and the hardness in his trousers brushes torturously against John’s buttocks. The sensation of cotton against his bare freezing arse makes him push into that hand, goosebumps prickling his flesh.
Those words take Sherlock over the edge, spilling onto John’s hand and stomach, cursing silently. The slick feeling of it against John’s skin is warm and filthy, and he lets his fingers slip away to grip the bedsheet instead, taking pressure off his other wrist and allowing him to thrust quicker into Sherlock’s palm. When Sherlock opens his eyes again, John watches his gaze fall to his own fingers around John’s cock, observing the movement of skin and the slick of come smeared across sparse chest hair. Then, those blue greens drag upwards and John loses it as they meet there, caught in inky blown pupils as his moans rough out across Sherlock’s face.
“Every part,” John clarifies, drifting his touch down Sherlock’s side and to the towel hanging on his hips. “I want every part, too”
Rosie has always had a knack for knowing what they need, even if they don’t realise it themselves. A new challenge will be good for them, and John’s already a little bit in love, though he’d never admit it. He strokes the sleeping pup’s ears absentmindedly, letting his eyes close as the comfort of home seeps into his bones.
Then everything is bright. Too empty, as Sherlock peels away from him, tugging up the zip of John’s jeans before his own. The safety of his coat disappears, and all is numb.
There’s a head-rushing dirty moment where John hears Sherlock suck his own thumb into his mouth, coating it with saliva. He nearly finishes right then at the wet sound of it, knowing what the next sensation will be.
“Shower,” Sherlock says, contrary to the hand still palming and stroking over John’s boxers. “We should shower”
“Yes?” Sherlock asks, hovers behind him, connects them by the flat of his palm all the way to John’s arm chair, and it’s not really a question for him so he doesn’t answer it; slips down into the plush seat and doesn’t let out his breath until Sherlock reluctantly breaks contact, flicks the kettle on with no purpose whatsoever.
But he’s not stepping away - Sherlock’s giving him the question yet seems unable to even slightly pretend he’s capable of fulfilling it; has his hands on John’s waist and his mouth somehow ghosting the stretched line of his neck, lips still for awful seconds before they touch again to the skin there, close and slow and because they are magnets, pulling towards each other from opposite poles.
Yet again they’re balanced on the edge. Sherlock is atop Bart’s, one step away from the street below. John is sat in his kitchen, a note, glass of whisky and his gun on the table. Fragmented men trying to piece the other back together, breaking more parts as they go. The truth has rarely appeared between the two of them. How can it, when they spend most of their time constructing impenetrable mazes around themselves, dead ends of guilt and memory, until they’re both so boxed in neither can remember the way out. They’ve both lied and been lied to so much, it’s hard to face the possibility that truth may be the only thing left.
.) “he was alive all along, up there, just - just watching, stuck in the sky with the stars instead of back on earth with -
They struggle for only a moment or two before the gambler whistles loudly, calling the attention of the bouncers Sherlock knows are well within earshot. He holds on regardless, waiting until the two much larger men are within striking distance before letting go, holding his hands up in surrender as they fish the phone from his pocket. There’s wet on his lip, blood, likely from the collision. It snakes into the edge of his mouth as he’s manhandled into the nearest room, John’s limp form being dragged in after him.
do all of Sherlock’s dirty work for him. So he sits and waits and climbs the walls while the man wears the carpet out, muttering to himself and running mad fingers through his hair, and
Perhaps the burgeoning worry in his gut is an overreaction. In the past, three days would mean nothing. Sherlock used to be apt at disappearing for over a week at a time, not leaving so much as note. Even in real people terms, not hearing from your friend for a couple of days isn’t exactly unusual. Except, things are different now. They don’t do that to each other anymore. It was a silent agreement made in the back of an ambulance, John still damp with well water and Sherlock still shaking slightly at the edges. Some unspoken pact, fuelled by years of letting each other down.
Those words are so faint and desperate, disappearing easily between them. John feels them sink into his skin, taint his pores with every single unsaid thing they’ve always known. All the time they have wasted, thinking there were endless moments to be had. Perhaps he could play ignorant to Sherlock’s request, pretend he doesn’t know what he’s asking for. Except, he can’t, because John wants to ask for it, too.
The artist retires shortly before midnight, tired from her journey and the busy few weeks previous. She hugs them both goodnight, cheeks pink from the warming fire and festive booze. Loki stirs from his spot on the rug and decides John’s knee is a much better pillow. He helps the puppy up and into his lap, ignoring the smirk on Sherlock’s face as he regards the man who swore he’d never get a dog.
“Mycroft did offer a car, you know” John repeats for the second time, as the taxi hurtles over another speed bump.
Except John is not that helpless. His knuckles are twisting in the satin of Sherlock’s shirt, the warmth of the man’s skin from beneath his Belstaff almost suffocating, as he bites at the space between his shoulder and neck. It’s Christmas day, and it’s cold and white and wintery outside and the air is so perfect John wants to cry, is crying, probably, into Sherlock’s neatly pressed collar.
It’s not the most comfortable place, and John’s body still aches from being tied up and bundled into a van, being thrown about a bit and then strapped roughly to fuck knows how much explosives, exactly - but it’s funny on a worrying scale how none of that matters now, how he could be on the brink of real death and still moan into Sherlock’s mouth, still claw at his chest like he’s trying to get beneath his ribs.
The sheets rustle slightly as Sherlock hears John slide his way down to meet him at the bottom of the bed. He sits so close that their knees bump, rubbing his head absentmindedly where it smashed into solid wall.
“Up the hill over there,” Mrs Holmes gestures to the snow sprinkled tor behind John, just visible across the fields bordering their cottage.
He wills John to turn around, and at last he gets something he wants. John’s hands drop awkward and vacant to his sides, gaze dragging from the floor to Sherlock’s perched torso.
It’s much less difficult without eyes on him. Sherlock can almost suspend belief just enough that this could be in his head. The last year has been an out of body experience. He’s sure most of the important parts of himself are still at Musgrave, smeared on rough headstones and secreted away at the bottom of a well. Perhaps this is just the tail end of a particularly long and lucid drug binge. Being close to death and unable to claw back to the present, is much easier than justifying his open mouth against John’s neck. Simpler than explaining why his nails are digging into the already hurting skin stretched across John’s abdominals, why his entire body is shivering to be touched back.
“You’re right” Sherlock breathes, the oxygen cutting at his teeth as the words leave and dance across John’s cheeks.
“Sherlock needs to be careful at the moment, sweetheart” John explains, brushing the stray blonde hair off her forehead. “But why don’t you give him a magic kiss on the cheek, make him better?”
The words are so quiet and slowly formed from John’s mouth that he barely hears them. But they are resolute.
They look at each other, Sherlock’s pink nose flaring as he lifts his chin to regard him. There’s a confusion there, John realises. A disbelief. He continues before Sherlock can speak again, the threat of losing his confidence prompting the words from his mouth to be louder, more certain.
There are scratches on Sherlock’s arms. Long red lines and blurry scrapes. John looks at his own hands, bitten with cuts, dirty still from wet soil and clawing his nails at old brick. Replays the thought he had, down there in the darkness alone, that this was the end. And how amid the panic and vaguely scrabbling for purchase, after the final kick of adrenaline – he could do little else to make it stop.
“So, what do you really think of our new friend?” Sherlock asks, gently swirling the brandy in his glass.
Rolling out his shoulder, John steps towards him and lets Sherlock wrap two hands around the back of his neck. He kisses him, slow and purposeful, the comfort of such a simple act instantly easing the pain away. John makes a pleased sound in the back of his throat and lets his forehead fall to Sherlock’s collarbone. They stand like that for a few moments, resting and savouring the safety of each other’s presence.
“Scotland Yard are on their way” Sherlock threatens through his heavy breathing, dabbing at his lip with the edge of his shirt.
John thinks of as Sherlock’s hands finally work his belt open, as Sherlock takes his own gloves off with his teeth, leaving them in the snow and wrapping a naked palm around him.
“Right, come on then children” John says, straightening up with some effort and taking Loki’s lead in his hand. “A feast awaits”
They’d managed to keep conversation light, recounting a few choice adventures from the year to a captive audience. Sherlock had even bought a couple of beers himself, and the concerned look he’d been giving John intermittently for the last twelve months seemed to melt away with every mouthful. It felt a little bit like the old days, for a while there. Staring at Sherlock’s animated face while he rattled off amazing and seemingly obvious deductions, being the Boswell sidekick instead of the sad eyed widow.
A small strangled sound comes from Sherlock’s throat and then his hand is at the back of John’s neck, pulling him until their mouths meet again. This time the angle is right and so sure that John almost feels dizzy, not enough and also too much, as Sherlock darts his tongue out to taste him. Every seemingly sane thought dissipates like the space between them, John shifting up onto one elbow over Sherlock now on his back, the other hand thumbing the line of the man’s jaw as they move against each other.
First John feels the rough of Sherlock’s hand on his face then the back of his neck, because somehow he’s managed to close his own eyes as if doing so will keep in the line he just spoke; and then there’s the blood pumping in his own ears and through his body like a building storm, gathering momentum and such tight need that it’s almost painful.
“Get in, you’re letting the heat out” John says, gesturing with his eyebrows to the empty half of the bathtub.
When Sherlock first wakes, he is in the wrong place. A ventilator breathes next to him, pushing oxygen in and out of his lungs with painful precision. The hospital room is so bright he can’t see, but he can feel Mary, smell her perfume as she pleads with him. No, tells him. Demands things of Sherlock that he is not capable of. Time has slipped, repeating the mistakes of his past in a terrifying haze.
He’s so ridiculously tall, even folded nearly in two, that John has to tip his chin up a little to reach Sherlock’s eyes. Really he should let go, but like most moments in his life he can’t seem to. The needle is stuck and the edges of the room are starting to splinter like static. Whatever is coursing down his spine only intensifies as Sherlock meets his gaze.
Something still lingers there in the middle of them, but Sherlock can now take Rosie from her father’s arms without anxiety seizing his entire body. John even makes them food now and again too and smiles when Sherlock pulls faces at his daughter across the table. Cases become more frequent finally, and they see more of Molly. They get calls from Greg and he even shows up a couple of times. It’s all becoming easier and settled - and it’s all fine except when it isn’t - but that’s okay, for now.
The bells are still ringing so it must be midday. Sherlock’s parents will be preparing to set the table for lunch. They’re going to be a bit late, John thinks, because their son is getting his friend off behind a church full of people, teeth biting the shell of his earlobe and ghosting things there that no one else will ever hear.
Many, many problems. Somehow though they’re all quickly disappearing like the white clouds of breath forming from his lips. There’s no one else around, and the security cabin is that far away now they can’t even see the light from it. The risk is minimal, but it’s enough to add an extra element of heat to the situation, warming the depths of John’s belly as Sherlock tugs his shirt out from his jeans.
The lungs beneath his hands jump a little as Sherlock laughs quietly, pushes off the wall to look at him.
John elbows him in the ribs but grins nonetheless. Over the years he’s grown adept at following Sherlock closely, it’s essentially his job at this point, so he has no trouble staying in the man’s illuminated ambit as they move towards the door and into the other room.
Not really comforting, but better than nothing. John follows Sherlock up the stairs as he takes them two at a time, struggling as always to keep up with the man’s lithe frame. A row of what he assumes are original paintings line the corridor, and John stops momentarily to study them a little closer. They’re all relatives he’s sure, generations of Holmes immortalised in oil. He doesn’t stall too long though, because Sherlock and his guiding light are drifting out of sight.
John cuts himself off, scrubs hands across his face and through his hair. The greys are startling in the dull of the kitchen. Sherlock wants to smooth them out and say he’s sorry, but he doesn’t know what for. Here they are again, trapped in an infinite loop of hurt, their pressure points both naked and wanting in the artificial light. John sighs and it isn’t just a release of air, but a valve on the pressure building between them, forfeiting the game. He turns and places both hands on the kitchen table, bowing his head in defeat.
“I’m sorry, John” Sherlock admits, tugging the Belstaff he’s somehow still wearing tighter across his body.
Sherlock knows that it isn’t. The stress of his tone says as much and John can’t look at him, clears his throat and shakes his head at his crossed arms, wetting his bottom lip. He must be obvious now, laid out and being weighed in Sherlock’s analytical eyes, the tightness in his body illustrating all the things he so clearly wants to do instead of sleep. Those words aren’t a barrier either, just another open door John can choose to close as he has all others, or at last walk through, consequences forgotten.
“Little Watson” He smiles, craning his head down as much as he possibly can to take in her wide eyes and pink cheeks.
but it just comes out as rough noise, everything he wants to say trapped somewhere in his gut. Rather more desperately than he means to, Sherlock reaches for that mouth again with his own, finding it hot and open, teeth pulling at his bottom lip as John teases and soothes.
John does his absolute best not to roll his eyes, but from the small smile on Sherlock’s face he fails catastrophically. Stanley, the butler. John had caught sight of him earlier in the day, shuffling around like something out of an old film, with a slightly hunched back and withering features. Almost too absurd and yet somehow not shocking at all. John wonders just how much butler-ing Stanley does, whether he irons Mycroft’s under garments and trims his nose hair. Both thoughts are equally disturbing.
Nothing is wrong, John tells himself. Everything is absolutely sodding perfect as the weight of Sherlock’s feet settle into the soft of his thigh. There’s no reason he’s straining to keep his arm across the back of the sofa instead of resting a hand on Sherlock’s ankle, the ivory curve of it poking out from his trousers.
John would have him against the wall. Right there next to the bookcase where they can shake the photo frames from their nails and knock the collection of dead things from the shelves. He would, but he also wants nothing more than to be in Sherlock’s bed, be invited there, to a room he has only ever been a visitor in.
John cocks an eyebrow at the name – God of mischief, indeed – and crouches down beside Sherlock to receive his own face wash. He can’t help smiling, despite the unexpectedness of being given a live and very energetic Christmas present. Glancing at Sherlock, he realises it may be her best surprise yet. The younger man’s eyes look glassy and joyful as if years have been taken off them.
, John thinks. He’s been wrong about so many things, but thankfully his sense of direction still works as it should. John zips up the coat and thanks the elder Holmes again, looking to the sky briefly as a flake of snow falls ominously onto his nose.
“That isn’t what we need at all” Exhaled, as Sherlock takes two strides to stand before him, chest heaving and eyes darting between here and some far away space, and drops to the floor.
Loki attempts to stick his tongue up John’s nose and though he’s never been one for pets, he finds himself laughing and accepting the onslaught, not noticing the protest from his shoulder as the bundle of energy puts both paws up on him.
When he jolts awake, washed out motorway has filtered into expanses of green. Wales is beautiful, and John suddenly feels a little sick.
John doesn’t want to falter anymore. Has his nose buried and smelling everything they’ve been through in the last twenty four hours, everything underneath that’s unmistakably Sherlock, the sweet of his skin and woody tones of his shampoo.
Has he forgiven him, though? That’s something John hasn’t allowed himself to think about too much. Because yes, he said it, he proclaimed it with the threat of an empty bomb and the pressure of saying things you only have one chance to say - but no, no he can’t be one hundred percent sure that he’s let it all go, or ever will, and that’s precisely why he’s been avoiding it completely. If he can’t truly forgive Sherlock - the man who saved him, the one person at the centre of everything - then who exactly does he have left?
When Sherlock flicks his eyes up finally, he finds John’s own are closed. Lips pressed thin, he’s breathing through his nose with his brows set low. There are so many things he wants to say and scream at him, all of which seem pointless now. Wounds and skin and bones take precedent. Sherlock commits each touch to memory, keeps them for his own selfish pleasure.
Apparently he never has been. Apparently he enjoys the lies and the danger and chooses these things deliberately to hurt himself, relishes the thrill of it so much he’s married it. Betrothed himself to the very type of person he should loathe, has chased through countless streets with Sherlock at his heels and adrenaline pumping his skin. He’s sought it out and made love to it and put a ring on its finger. John’s learning a lot of sharp and awful things about himself, and they’re not as surprising as they should be.
There are a few silent moments where John appears to contemplate whether the fake accolade is worth it, but he finally rests his whisky back on the table and relaxes a little. John wets his bottom lip and looks at Sherlock, who wishes instantly that they’d just left the club when they had the chance. In the much warmer glow of naked Edison bulbs and table lamps, John’s face is attractive and soft. Sherlock can’t ignore the moisture on his pink lips, or the slight rose on John’s cheeks as ocean blues find his own. Oxygen catches in Sherlock’s throat and he’s stuck there once again, everything else wholly unimportant in comparison.
– but nonetheless he steps towards John, toeing off his shoes and pulling off his socks. He drops his coat to the floor, any care for his favourite item of clothing evaporating with the bath water. They’ll only just about fit, there in the porcelain boat, and the concept of sharing a bath together strikes Sherlock as utterly ridiculous. So, he does the only thing you can do with an idiotic suggestion, and raises the bar.
“Better seize the moment then” Sherlock manages, a flush coming to his cheeks at his own breathy tone.
John opens his mouth to protest but he is in fact correct. Now he’s fully awake again, the ache in his shoulder is already annoying, his neck cracking as he stretches it out from side to side. The plush looking mattress is tempting, soft and warmed by Sherlock’s body. The storm outside whistles its agreement, hitting at the single pane windows as if it might break through at any moment.
He must look it, too, because John’s eyes grow concerned. Suddenly there’s a hand pulling at his own, the firm grip of John’s palm tugging him through the throng of dancers, until they reach a more secluded area at the edge of the room. They’re near the toilets now but it’s absolutely preferable, far away enough from the large speakers that Sherlock can hear his own thoughts again and doesn’t have to flinch at every unwanted touch from the strangers around them.
and kisses Sherlock’s mouth again with surety and guilt sodden vigour; pushes the dirtied robe from tall shoulders and thumbs his way through buttons until he’s got fingerprints on Sherlock’s chest, small nail crescents on the space just above hip bone and Sherlock continues to shake against him like a rattling storm. John’s torn between right and wrong and what those things even mean, cannot in the haze of blinding tumultuous greed find the part of him that will drown in self hatred later - and he’s tried, he tried for whole seconds to physically knock Sherlock out of his head, said he couldn’t when he can (oh he can) and none of those tiny irrelevant acts of nobility will mean anything in the end so why bother, why deny what’s already happening, what’s already always been
There’s a silence that transcends the stars, and Sherlock is able to read through it, hears the change in John’s voice before it comes forth from his throat, a lengthy swallow of unwavering anguish, and since when did emotions become palpable? Sherlock can hear them drumming a distorted beat in his head, somewhere to the right, a staccato of not quite yet forgiven deeds. For John, now, he is Orion, the foolish game player; and though it’s utterly ridiculous and makes no sense and is in no way even relevant,
John sees them, chasing each other. Sherlock with his wooden sword and badly constructed pirate hat, struggling to run through the brush at Musgrave.
A shrug but no denial - he probably does. In fact, yeah, definitely. Now Sherlock mentions it, John can feel the stubble growing at his chin, doesn’t remember running a comb through his hair before leaving and knows he's wearing the same shirt as yesterday.
So Sherlock allows himself to continue sleeping, gives into the push and pull of his own consciousness, the lull of drowsiness lapping at his skin like ocean waves.
Sherlock chuckles low and deep, gripping the edges of the tub as he settles back against John’s chest. It’s not entirely uncomfortable but it certainly isn’t the epitome of relaxation. His knees are bent and the tap doesn’t allow for any adjustments. The other man’s shins sandwich him in a bit too tightly and his clothes immediately stick to his skin. But John’s cock is also pressed against his cotton covered buttocks, slowly coming to attention as Sherlock tries to settle himself between his legs. The cramped space is suddenly a lot more tolerable.
They look at each other, John’s throat audible as he swallows whatever he was about to say. Sherlock wonders for a moment if he’s made the right decision. There’s a vast landscape of emptiness in his friend’s eyes suddenly, the horizon of his lips set in a solemn line. He’s still stained with crimson, rich reds darkening on his skin. The copper would taste bitter, and it takes all of Sherlock’s resolve not to try it.
“Fuck,” Is all Sherlock can offer, metal biting at the sensitive skin of his wrists again. “God, John.
For a moment John wonders why he didn’t bring a suitcase of clothes with him. It seems stupid, actually, that he didn’t. Mary is alone in their bed but for the growing person inside her. John’s taken his wallet, keys and even turned off his alarm and he has no intention, he realises now, of going back there. Perhaps this would be easier with the right props to hand, a safety blanket of belongings and comforts that serve no purpose.
But now he simply stands there because he doesn’t know what to say. Instead, he observes just like he’s been taught, does his best to keep his expression blank and unforgiving as he takes in the face before him. It’s a far cry from the tight translucency that had pinched Sherlock’s skin over his bones with the effort of staying alive; the blotchy dead pink has left his tear ducts and the red veins in the whites of his eyes are less prominent, fading with the passing of time and the memory of a singular bursting bullet hole. Now, instead, where the light glances and ebbs at the harsh angles of Sherlock’s chin and cheeks, he looks years younger; the dark remains of night disguising the grey circles around his eyes, innocent, bare as the first page of a book  - and what would John write there, if he could?
John’s stood outside their front door, Rosie shoving her nose into the snowdrops flanking either side. His incredulous look is met with warm smiles and a low chuckle from the senior Mr Holmes. Evidently, Sherlock going on a hike is nothing unusual. Except John’s never seen him go more than a couple of miles without hailing a taxi, and the thought of the man in walking boots and a raincoat is truly baffling.
His own hips keen against Sherlock’s inner thigh, pushing into the dip of space there, shamelessly trying to catch any friction he can. One hand reaches down between them and Sherlock circles fingers around him finally, their wrists bumping with the movement as he copies John’s touch. John curses against Sherlock’s chest and kisses the plane of skin there, tries to breathe and move and give everything he can whilst also pushing into Sherlock’s palm. It’s been so long since he’s had someone else, since he’s wanted someone else, and for it to be the man beneath him is nearly too much for his body to handle.
“It seems I misjudged the situation,” Sherlock continues, prompted by the long stretch of quiet. “I thought it best to give you some time. It was my mistake, to assume –“
“I suppose there are worse places to be trapped” John comments – then, catching Sherlock’s raised brow – “I just mean, it’s comfortable, is all”
John confirms into the corner of Sherlock’s open mouth and it gets swallowed, taken whole and dissolved between their tongues. They’re tasting each other and though it sounds wrong in his head John’s whole body speaks differently, his lungs expand and contract and ache with the effort of doing so, he’s treading deep water and forgetting how to breathe and Sherlock is not broken, after all, but shattering slowly from the inside out; John can hear it in the small expletives and moans shadowed with his name, see it in the deep lines of worry etching his face, the tremors shaking Sherlock’s fingers as they reach for John’s shirt buttons and don't quite make the right movements to prise them from their holes.
John’s eyes scan the kitchen, comically wide and disbelieving at the sight in front of him. Dishes and utensils fill every possible space, each ring on the hob heats a pot, bubbling away and creating the most delicious smells. There’s a large goose roasting in the oven, the skin crisping away under golden light. Cranberry sauce sits in a delicately painted bowl, and even that looks homemade. And there’s Sherlock, in a red apron, icing the top of a chocolate log with white zig zags.
Sherlock is going to fire her tomorrow. He lights another cigarette, blowing smoke into the night air dramatically to illustrate his point. The darkness doesn’t seem to care. It swallows his defiance as he makes his way back to Baker Street.
The mood only gets worse as John laughs darkly, shaking his head. Raindrops fall from his neck line, tripping over the goosebumps that have started to rise from his skin. He’s prepping wipes and stitches and Sherlock is thirteen seconds away from turning him around by the shoulder if he’s ignored any longer –
There are footprints in the dirt that seem to disappear into a group of trees to John’s left. He calls out one more time, hoping for a response. None comes. John swears under his breath, cursing himself for ever mentioning to Sherlock that they should have a real tree this year. Reluctantly he follows the impressions in the mud that seem to lead to nowhere, pushing aside prickling branches.
John jolts out of the black hole of sleep that had been gently dragging him down, immediately alert out of habit. Sherlock is suddenly very close and leaning over the edge of the bed, looking down at him with knitted eyebrows.
“Yes,” He lies, voice hoarse now from the whisky or the constant bile in his stomach, he can’t tell. “But what you did was just a trick, Sherlock, she put a real bullet in your chest and you died -“
Now Sherlock curses, between exhales as the zipper on his trousers is opened. John asks silently with hooded eyes for permission. Again, Sherlock nods his consent, the cool air of the bedroom on his naked skin momentarily dampening the low hum of pain. The ease with which John is moving, undressing him and pleasing him so effortlessly, as if he’s done this in his head a thousand times, makes Sherlock’s body yearn for it even more. Without any hesitation at all, John wraps a hand around him, biting his lip to stifle a moan as he works his hand up and down Sherlock’s length once.
Rosie places the rest of the gifts in the hallway, and immediately throws her arms around Sherlock, her large purple scarf almost suffocating him. John smiles, his jealousy for Sherlock’s place in his daughter’s ranks long ago forgotten. He could never contend with their instant bond, nor does he have any desire to do so anymore. Happiness comes from being an observer, he now realises, watching the two people he loves most in the world find joy in each other.
A red velvet curtain hangs just beyond the first door, and as soon as John pushes it back, it feels like they’re in a different place entirely. The grip around Sherlock’s waist relaxes and John’s palm moves to the small of his back instead, both of them stilled for a moment by the scene before them.
“You bloody gem” He says, cupping a hand underneath the crumbly mess as he shoves it unceremoniously into his mouth.
When he can resist sleep no longer, John slips away with Sherlock’s breaths puffing against his face. Nothing paints his unconscious but space, a black emptiness that swallows almost everything. The only light comes from the man he now knows is his, a chaos of cosmos and elements that somehow gives John hope. There’s no order or predictable path he can follow, but there’s gravity. A force he can depend on. John can orbit around the fixed point sleeping next to him, and that is all he needs.
John pauses for a second with his back to the man, and nearly cuts a scathing reply. Instead though, he shakes his head in disbelief at the audacity of the comment, and heads to the blue Mercedes waiting for them.
The consuming anxiety prickling the hairs on John’s arms is only eclipsed by his need to locate and apply pressure to Sherlock’s wound. Gently he follows the line of Sherlock’s forearm to the bone of his wrist and eventually his fingers, pressed there against the puncture in his chest. He tries not to touch it too much, can already tell by the minute shake of Sherlock’s hand that it’s very not good.
Sherlock’s lids close for a second and then the look is gone, something warm and satisfied in its place again. Long fingers cover his own and Sherlock kisses him, leans in just like he had in the living room, in the shower, even though the spike of adrenaline is over and there are no boundaries left to break. John presses back, marvels at how quickly he has become used to the taste of his mouth.
“I think that’s none of your fucking business” John says under his breath, pulse rising with the almost accusatory tone of the man next to him.
Sherlock can see why not. Can feel it, tremble once along the muscle of his arms as he brackets his hips in consideration. They’re good, right now. Finally. After months of apologies and clipped words, John treading carefully in his shadow like Sherlock could disappear again at any moment. He explained, giving as many truths as he could without telling him everything, and John still hated him for a bit. For a good while longer than Sherlock had predicted. Then eventually, on an unsuspecting Tuesday, things shifted again. Hunched over a microscope, he’d only noticed John’s presence in the lab at Bart’s when a box of noodles was shoved under his nose. It nearly ruined his experiment but John was there, willingly, in the building he thought he’d watched his friend jump from. Not smiling, but not looking like he wanted to run, either.
John wants to kiss him, but when he glances at Sherlock again the man is fast asleep. He can feel his chest rising and falling beneath the blanket, quiet exhales.
Sherlock’s eyes are closed again. Fingers curled around the edges of his armchair, brow furrowed and lips tight.
Sherlock looks up at him like he’s not really there. As if his eyes are an open door into memories that have long been locked away. For the longest time Sherlock doesn’t speak, his face glazing over while he flits through dusty files in his mind. John doesn’t disturb the tension. Doesn’t reach for his weak tea or allow himself to breathe too loudly. Just waits.
Pale wrists vibrate slightly as Sherlock brings the edges of his thumbs to his cheeks, holds them against his eyes as they begin to release, finally.
Sherlock settles for tracing tiny circles on the space above John’s knee, moving the barest amount to distract himself, until he is able to fall asleep again.
“Not exactly the dramatic ending I had in mind” John tries for sarcasm, eyes trying to seek out Sherlock’s own in the vacuum around them.
Then to Sherlock’s bedroom door, some kind of impenetrable fortress John never thought he’d find his back against; being bracketed strongly by Sherlock’s hands at his hips, pulling and pushing both at the same time, too eager to cross the threshold and too off kilter by need to function and turn the handle.
No. Nope, that’s not what he came here for. Sherlock has nothing to apologise for yet John’s still letting him, can’t seem to make his lips form anything but a thin line of stagnation. Ice continues to drift slowly down from the sky, white stars in Sherlock’s curls settling and then dissolving into black.
John watches him glide into to the kitchen and begins flicking through the channels on the small LCD he’d set up a few weeks ago, mostly so Rosie could watch cartoons. There’s not a lot on at such a late hour, anything showing after eleven seems to be a re-run, and he quickly skips over an old Connie Price repeat.
Desperately he tries again with his left, ignoring John’s protests. He manages a couple more inches of success but still nowhere near his desired destination. John grabs his wrist this time, pinning it forcibly to the mattress.
After a moment, Sherlock moves. Carefully shapes long limbs against John’s own, rests his head on the fleshy part between John’s shoulder and pectorals.
“I’ll be long gone by then,” The blonde man sings, closing the door behind him. “Tell Mister Townsend it was fun, but I’m onto bigger and better things”
“Yes,” Sherlock quickly replies, flexing the wrist of his right hand before bringing it to John’s jaw. “More than”
, why did he wait so fucking long. If he had enough time or drive to do so, he could probably map every callus of John’s hand on him, the rough of it beginning a slow torturous rhythm. Sherlock watches the pure gratification on John’s face, the way his eyes are captivated by the sight of Sherlock’s cock in his hand. He wants so very much to move, just be able to keen his hips up into John’s fingers, greedily speed up the pace of them. John shifts back up Sherlock’s body again, pushes his tongue in his mouth and moans into him.
“Can’t say I blame him” Sherlock shifts, his cotton trousers whispering against the bed sheets as he turns on to his side to face John.
“Sherlock –“ John calls, pressing his hand to the rough stone wall for balance as he climbs slowly down into the shadow.
But Sherlock is still. Unmoving under his touch, fingers relaxing on the curve of John’s neck. The sound from John’s throat is anguish, burns from his gut into the emptiness around him, alone as his very being splits apart. Desolation blooms and breaks even as John’s hands leave Sherlock’s wound to pinch his nose closed, attempting to undo the damage and trip a restart in the unworkable space. He tries and tries, sharing his remaining recycled breaths, intermittently checking the fading pulse beneath his fingertips.
He gives in, a little. Allows his chin to dip and find the crown of Sherlock’s head. The cushion of it brushes against John’s three-day shave. At his chest, Sherlock flattens out his hands, releases the bundles of cotton between his knuckles and brackets the plane of John’s ribs instead. Each exhale sounds loud now. John lets his own puff out into Sherlock’s hair, open mouthed breaths and lips against soft inky black.
The sound of a loud car engine pulls them apart, smiles breaking out simultaneously as they hear the gravel outside crunch beneath large tyres. Sherlock turns the burners down to simmer on the range, and they both head out to greet her. Cold winter air hits John in the face quite pleasantly, as he watches his somehow grown up daughter walk up the driveway. She carries an armful of perfectly wrapped presents, giant bows and glittery ribbon a stark contrast to the grey dreary day.
They breathe together, and with each in and out John finds himself relaxing. Finds his knees have slotted either side of one of Sherlock’s bent legs, the closeness not as awkward or unwelcome as it once would have been.
There’s a lot less running through the streets than there used to be. John rarely has to follow the taller man over railings or walls any more, their trips up to London becoming much less frequent. Yet his old wounds still seem to come back when the weather changes. He notices it in Sherlock too, those icy eyes crinkling with pain any time they have to give a particularly long chase. That bullet shaped scar still haunts them sometimes, the ghost of things long since behind them.
