"...okay," said Tony.  "...I should probably talk about this with my POSSV group, anyway."  He looked down guiltily. He felt like he'd almost proven to Steve exactly what he was trying to say.  That he was a bad person. That he had the ability to manipulate Steve, that he was an Alpha and Steve was a vulnerable omega and that it would always be that way.
"People loved it," said Pepper, who was watching live updates on Tony's phone.  "You were sincere, you were brave, that was excellent."
"I've gone feral on mission, it happens.  Forget it. Come on. If we don't take off before they get their surface-to-air missiles online, then we're not going to leave this island.  They're probably already opening the silos."
"See how great it is?  Omegas happy to be omegas... yay, twenty-first century!" said Tracy loudly, holding up her drink in a toast.
Whilst Tony showered Steve changed his underwear and doused his face in cold water to try and hide his blush. After that he focused on trying to fix his hair. The task was almost impossible; he would probably leave it for Tony to sort out.
She and Aria both let out a sigh of relief once they were in the car.  With the bodyguards, it was a tight squeeze. The inside of the car had a distinctive smell of whiskey.
"If I see any hint of Schmidt, I'll make sure they shut it down," murmured Tony softly, touching Steve's arm comfortingly as the doctors hovered over a computer, calibrating a program.
And- this was what caused Tony's heart to beat, to ache, to scream in his chest- there was Steve, looking remarkably under-dressed in jeans and a t-shirt, his hands scrambling uselessly over Vanko's armor as Vanko held him up like a ragdoll.
Rhodes had been surprised to discover it was quiet when he arrived.  No loud music or giggling women; no dancing, no champagne.
Steve laughed quietly, almost shyly and ducked his head down. "Sorry. I didn't mean to give you a full speech. But I'm glad you're staying for the day. I wanna spend time with you."
"I'm actually eighteen, sir," he piped up. "It's incredible to actually to meet you. I thought your video was amazing."
“Exactly Tony,” Steve said, “that pumpkin is going to rot, and then you’ll have wasted a perfectly fruit on a man who has less use
Tony raised an eyebrow, trying not to laugh, only Peter would forget about his secret identity. “Oh, you did kid, did you.”
The corner store was unique for Manhattan, it was similar to the bodega’s out in Washington Heights than the kind of stores around this part of town, but Tony had always been grateful for this place. It had been here for as long as Tony had remembered, and lovely Jewish man who owned it had set up the perfect snack aisle for a small four year old to get lost inside of.
Nurse Palmer had said he was getting better, and eventually, he had been moved to the a section for when people were getting better, Steve didn’t know what it was called, he’d had no need to ever know. Every one he’d known who had to go to hospital, had been there because they were dying.
There was a various mumbled response of agreement, so Natasha continued. She opened up Thor’s bar, which was grey since he had already lost the bet. “Thor, you bet $50 that they would finally make a move on each other at New Years. You got your cash ready?”
“So let me tell you this, Tony. When I say that man has not brought a person here before, that, that man has not shared this part of his life with another person, that is important. I don’t know what your relationship with his is like after the accords, or after the atrocity that was The Dusting, but you
“God yes,” Tony said. “I heard about your admittance last year, Dean Bahng and I are friends – you were almost as young as I was!”
Steve laughed, then brought his voice down to a whisper. “I didn’t even know I could,” he said softly. “But I’m so glad it happened.”
“You have to remember Tony, most of us are old enough to remember the war. My country was neutral during the war, but that does not mean the people were. We lived on the border near Bulgaria so even though we were safe in Turkey, we felt first-hand the effects of Bulgaria’s anti-Jew sentiments and laws, especially when they joined the axis in 1941.
Kamala instantly brightened. “Honestly, that’s why I work here in the first place, can you imagine meeting them?”
was about, but he was sure that it meant something significant between Happy and Tony, so he was sure Tony would appreciate it.
Steve must have realised that Tony had been staring, because he finished spooning the pancake batter in the heated pan, put the bowl down, and turned to face Tony, concern paramount in every muscle of Steve’s face. “Tony, are you okay?”
Clint cried – so, he’d stolen the phone off of Natasha then. “And I swear to God Stark if my balls freeze off because of-”
“So do it.” Natasha said. “That’s how all the guys got their fella’s back in the day right?” She asked coyly.
Various tubes and beeping machines connected to almost every inch of Tony’s body, Steve couldn’t begin to interpret what each one did or what it meant. His eyes roamed Tony face, searching for something Steve didn’t know, couldn’t understand, but wanted to find either way.
Tony swallowed, Emine’s words sinking in. This is the place Steve had started coming to, to connect with his past. Markets, bartering, people with shared memories, of course this would be his safe place, his happy place.
“You have the best eggs Emine,” Steve said, taking a carton. “Of course we came all the way out for them.”
Tony paused on his slow trek back to the mansion. Steve? Tony hadn’t asked Steve for any favours since Thanos, but that was a
“That’s how you’re going to the markets?” Steve asked, again, his tone inexplicably curious, like he couldn’t quite believe Tony was serious.
Now, Natasha didn’t often admit she was wrong. She wasn’t often wrong, and when she was, it was for good reason, so she had no need to recognise when she was wrong. She prided herself on knowing what others can’t know, of predicting things that others couldn’t, and for controlling the pieces in the game to give her the result she desired. So for months she had assumed that Tony was like Steve, in love but just too oblivious to realise it. She had had no reason to assume otherwise. For the entirety of when she had been aware they were in love with each other, she hadn’t seen Tony’s behaviour change and she couldn’t pin point a time beforehand that his behaviour had changed. Nothing had been suggested that he didn’t know.
Riri leapt out of her seat, planting a hand on Sam’s mouth. “No!” She jerked it away suddenly, a look of utter revulsion on her face. “Did you seriously just lick my hand?”
“It’s a Russian idiom. It means that you can’t control who you love. If you love him, who’s to say he doesn’t love back, or isn’t capable of loving you back? Would he stop being your friend just because you confessed your feelings?”
Natasha took a shuddering breath, running a hand along a window that cut into the hedge, it could have been taken straight out of her childhood house. This place, it reminded her of St. Petersburg – of home.
righted those wrongs. Steve doesn’t care about this bullshit looking glass you’ve thrust yourself onto, he cares about how
“You realised you’re in love with Tony. Right.” Natasha said pragmatically, because that was obvious. “However, it doesn’t explain how you’ve interpreted that towards bloodying up Tony’s supply of punching bags that
Steve, you’re never going to find out the truth. Your biggest weakness isn’t your obsessive daddy issues or some made up bullshit narcissism issues-”
How had Tony not known earlier, how had he not realised it. He stood there dumbfounded as Steve whisked the pancake batter, barely taking stock of it as he stared at this dorky, frustrating, incredible man.
Steve looked down at the floor, trying to breathe. It wouldn’t do any good to get into a screaming match, quite frankly Steve didn’t have the energy. His arms were crossed – when did that happen? Steve decided he quite liked it, it made him feel safer, as if there were a barrier protecting him from the evolving shame and anger that had settled around his racing heart.
Steve rolled his eyes, unconsciously crossing him arms. “The pink around your ears seems to suggest otherwise, Stark.”
When they had left, Tony had three more numbers, and a promise that he would watch out for Riri in MIT, and see the suit in person.
Thor bit the inside of his cheek. “Do humans have a worse word for idiot, because that’s what they are. But yes, I’ve got it in my dinosaur coin bank on my dinosaur shelf.”
No, that would be absurd. Steve would say something, he was the type of person who would. Besides, it wouldn’t ruin their friendship or anything, Steve wouldn’t let it.
Steve stopped abruptly, he might as well have just confessed his feeling out loud with the way he was going. The air grew sweltering hot as Steve stood there, it
“You’re changing the subject.” Natasha said. “Your biggest weakness is your tendency to overthink anything that becomes remotely significant for you. Like this. You’re not taking a shot in the dark with this, you’re not going to lose him, not gradually, not at all. You forget that you both work together, you’re perfect in the field, and that says a lot about your relationship. This isn’t even the first time this has happened to you either-”
Tony and Steve had certainly been friends, Tony could say that with certainty now. The things they had gone through together, the work they had done together, the things they had caused both because of that and despite it, that had cemented a relationship that would always be important to Tony. They
“FRIDAY,” Bruce said, “can you let the super-idiots know that we’re starting the movie now, with or without them?”
was engaging him. It was like he was in the suit, except he had no barrier against the outside world, not metal hugging his body, protecting him.
Natasha shook her head, looking towards Steve. She didn’t understand what Tony had said, how could she? Natasha was a good read, but she didn’t know Tony like Steve did. Tony’s voice was getting lower, his voice coarse, like fragmented rock tumbling down a mountain.
“Ignorance, whilst an excuse for being shit, isn’t a reason for redemption, I understand that. But your redemption has come from how you have righted those wrongs – and you
There were a lot of things that went through Tony’s mind in that moment. He didn’t let anyone drive him – ever. Not since his parents died, and certainly not since Afghanistan. Sure, he’d make an exception here and there, Happy could drive him sometimes; if it was important enough, so could Rhodey. Other than that though, no, he couldn’t.
She finally pulled up her own, which was pink since her deadline was five days away. “And I’m adamant that it will occur two days before Valentine’s day. Steve will make the first move, and it will have something to do with flowers.”
Tony. It’s sweet, it shows you were thinking about him, that you were thinking about how you could make him smile. He’ll love it.”
A few moments later Steve sighed deeply and had Tony not been so close to Steve, he may not have heard it. “I Love you.”
Tony was immediately intrigued, he loved meeting these kids who didn’t just have the potential to change the future, but already were. Harley, Peter, Shuri, these kids were the way towards the future, and Tony could only gawk and watch as they built from the ground up, doing things Tony could only dream of. Tony just felt blessed that he got to watch, that he got to say that somehow, he had
. “Well, not like that, but, well, yes, I am. I just need a 20, and I can transfer you the money back like, right now, I just need cash basically and I can’t be bothered walking a block and a half to the nearest ATM machine.”
Natasha opened Bruce’s bar next. “So Bruce, you bet $50 that they would get together in March, but you have no circumstances as to how or why. Confident in adding any yet?”
wake up. Even the doctor - who was obnoxious, Clint had called it, was optimistic in a way that seemed genuine. In a way though, the doctor reminded Steve of Tony, he was very-
“They do this every week.” Natasha added, although, she was secretly hoping tonight was a little bit different.
That was the difference between this, and his armour. Tony, in the armour, had full control, from the way it turned, moved, flew, and existed. Steve’s motorbike, on the other hand, was almost like it was a beast of its own, allowing them upon it out of it’s own goodwill. Tony was a passenger, completely at the will of Steve and his bike.
And wasn’t that a thought. That despite everything, they had always been in sync in battle. Tony dropped his wrench, he shouldn’t have been surprised by that, but he was, he had always been in sync with Steve. Which is why everything meant so much to him, the fighting, the comradery, the friendship, that wish for something more.
Tony wasn’t sure how he felt, but the idea that Steve saw him as a man who didn’t gallantly scream he was a genius, but actually backed it up with – frankly, incredible work that spoke for itself, the knowledge that Steve recognised that in him; it was rather touching. It was also strange, and not something Tony wanted to analyse too closely, but he found he liked it.
less value than this here pumpkin. Just go buy one of those second hand Halloween decorations – Goodwill should have some in stock. The pumpkin deserves better.”
Was it even his place to do this, to set up a meeting between the two. He was going off the bat that she would like to meet Captain America. Five years ago, it would have been a sure fire idea that anyone would want to meet him, but now, well, Tony wasn’t so sure. As Emine had mentioned, Thanos and the Accords weren’t yet a distant memory.
And it wasn’t as if Natasha underestimated Clint or his deduction skills, Natasha trusted him almost above all else for a reason. It’s just… they were plants. It would have been more up Bruce’s field, or even Tony’s.
“The wrench, please.” Tony said, studying wear the snap was. Steve handed Tony the wrench, their fingers brushing each other slightly. Tony shivered, quickly taking the wrench and loosening the nut on the centre of the cable, and the clutch lever.
“Still though,” Steve said. “It’s an incredibly generous thing to do. I’ve never had a Christmas as nice as this before, and I don’t think many of the others have either.”
Natasha put the antiseptic down and looked at Steve. She reached up and tapped his temple. “What’s going on in here? Why are you so rattled?”
She placed the flower behind her ear and they continued onward, Tony with Steve’s hand clutched into his, winding through the mass of crowds again. Natasha smirked, nudging Clint as they hurried after the superidiots. Clint winked triumphantly, grabbing her hand so they could keep up. Those two hadn’t let go of one another yet, she wondered if they had realised.
. Like all the baggage that he carried with him, his doubts, his insecurities, his inherent anguish fly away, into the wind behind him. There wasn’t anything out here that Tony wasn’t connected too. The heat of the sun on his back, the cold of the winds on his face, the warmth of Steve’s back on his chest, the smell of vanilla and grass. It was a total, and complete unification of his mind, body, and soul, and it was spiritually uplifting. Nothing else mattered.
He “-gave the money to Margaret for the fundraiser,” FRIDAY said, “It was more than enough to pay for their trip to France.”
“Steve don’t be ridiculous,” Tony said, surprising himself. “Neither of us will fit on those – not even a kid could. We’re two grown ass adults, we can share a bed.”
“I’m serious, every time you use that thing, I almost get poisoned.” He rolled over to his desk and pulled out a piece of paper, folding it into a hat, the battle of the machines creating the soundtrack to his latest punishment.
"Can you even fly it?" Clint asked, coming towards them. He bit his lip, looking over at Tony with a wince.
Hours turned to days, and days turned to weeks. Steve stared at the polystyrene tiles that paved the roof, watching as the shadows from the trees danced in the flickering moonlight. They moved like monsters, preying on Tony, waiting for his last breath before they struck.
The archway was spectacular, blank, strong, white stone lined the edges of the top of the archway tunnel. It let the flowers weave along the top, which was peculiar since they didn’t seem to be the sort of plants that climbed. Yet, it worked.
“And he’d be so kind about it, I would confess and he would let me down gently, promise we would be friends. But then it would be there, weighing on the both of us, and it wouldn’t be the same.
Steve grinned at him, and his face lit up. “Oh that’s great – let me get changed and we can drive over?”
In the suit or in a car, Tony could get lost in his surroundings, but they were in a frame in front of him, this picturesque painting that he could appreciate from afar, he was nothing more than just a passive observer. But here, with his front pressed into Steve’s back, that frame was gone – he was part of the scene.
The girl fiddling with the machine whipped a fruit box from her side, humming over the straw at her mouth as she followed Kamala’s gaze. “Oh, sorry guys, we’re just fixing the eftpos machine. It won’t be a minute.”
Tony was… in love. He had to physically force himself not to moan as he ate. It was delicious. When he told Steve as much, the grin he got back was so kind and endearing, Tony momentarily forgot about the food.
Biting his bottom lip – it seemed he hadn’t stopped, Tony looked up at him in shock. His eyes were warm though as he considered Steve, as if he was just blatantly confused and guilty more than anything, not angry by what he had seen. “Me,” he breathed, “it was all me.”
Tony looked desolate for a moment before sighing. “Fuck it, I’ve already messed everything up between us anyway.”
So they bought the buttermilk and took a variety of selfies, individual ones, them as pairs, group ones, every single combination. Peter even took a selfie with Steve – because, again, Steve technically hadn’t met Peter yet.
Tony waved a hand in the air, his arm dangling above him like a tree. “No, no, I won’t support a company that takes advantage of their employees like that,” with a groan, he sat up, blinking at the darkness in his room. “I’ll just make some then.”
Splayed out like a starfish on his bed, he rolled over to check the time; 7am, heaps of time. He couldn’t remember when he’d collapsed into bed. He figured it was early to have ended up here. How long had he spent in the lab? It didn’t matter, he was in bed now and-
“They’re probably arguing.” Clint said. “Explains why Tony was holed up in his workshop in the first place.”
“Unfortunately Boss, there are no specific restaurants in New York that delivers pancakes at this hour on a Sunday morning. I believe ‘Mighty Cakes’ may be the only place to do so.”
“I’m sorry Steve,” he heard Tony say but Steve refused to look up. He didn’t want to deal with this. He
The cave was dark and small, Natasha could barely see a thing beyond the heads of her friends, but she didn’t feel trapped here, or claustrophobic. Natasha didn’t want to admit it, and she easily had the ability to lie to herself, but, she knew she deserved better than that. Natasha felt safe here,
“Of course I did,” Steve said. He shrugged. “Besides, they took the key, and I didn’t want your balls following Clint’s fate of-”
Warmth filled Natasha chest as she gazed at her friend. She smiled softly at Tony, hoping it was enough to convey the gratitude, the sheer amount of love she held for him in that moment. By the look she got in return, she thought it did.
“I put it into the report so you wouldn’t be made a full avenger on purpose. I know how you feel about authority figures, especially Fury. Would you really have wanted Fury to have full control over you and the Iron Man armour? Being a consultant, in the long run, gave you leverage to control yourself and your tech, even if it was a pain in the ass.”
“Well it was either that or letting some Shield agent I didn’t know take charge,” Steve shrugged, giving a ruthful grin. “So in hindsight it was probably a good thing I took her up on her offer.”
Steve’s smile grew into a reflection of Tony’s. “And I love you Tony Stark, I really truly love you.”
They went down to the fire place, where Steve had already set everything up. “Huh, all you needed to do was light it. I could’ve waited outside whilst you finished up.”
“It’s different for everyone Steve, you’ve got to cater it specifically to Tony. There’s the generic stuff, chocolate, movies, dinner, all the Valentine’s Day crap. It depends on him, and you would know more about what he likes than I would.”
, but it’s the same thing that Mother Gothel used to hide the tower in Tangled, so I figured, why not.”
“You know for a genius, you’re an idiot.” Steve mused, one of his hands moving to cup Tony’s cheek, forcing him to look at Steve. “I love you too.”
“You locked us here in the first place Barton,” Tony said. “That’s not exactly playing by the rules.”
it was to be around Steve. Everything about Steve was easy. The man was funny, witty, with that incredible dry sense of humour that made Tony go weak in the knees. He was intelligent, and kind, and Tony hadn’t been this happy in such a long time.
“So Peter came along too,” Kamala said. “Because he’s got a theory that part of the reason it’s not working is because of how it’s connecting to the computer.”
“Are you kidding?” Steve asked. “They had pretty much forgotten I was there, it was all about you. Hell, that girl made a suit because of how much you had inspired her.”
“Yeah, you’re right. I shouldn’t be surprised.”  “My point is, you didn’t lose Rhodey did you, you’re closer than ever.”
The bell clattered as he opened the door, the cold air billowing in behind his as he entered the warm store. A tired head perked up at the counter. “Hey there! What can I do for you?”
There was a corner store at the end of the street, but was it worth the trip? He would have to get dressed up, sunglasses, a hat, a baggy hoodie, the whole works. His scratched his chin, his beard was shaggy and somewhat outgrown after days in the lab. He could pull off a disguise. On a Sunday morning his demeanour could easily be excused for a hangover.
“No,” Steve said slowly, standing back up, “They said they’d unlock their rooms when they went to the car to grab their bags. I came with Thor so I had my bag already.”
“Bill Clinton,” Bruce said, walking ahead of the others. It was a smart move, Natasha wasn’t interested in seeing any sort of argument between Tony and Clint.
“It’s why it’s law now that you can’t do more than two terms, because the republicans didn’t want to be run in a ‘Democratic Party Police State’, so they changed the law after he died.”
Steve stood there, as if he were glued to the floor. He didn’t know exactly what to make of the situation in front of him. ‘This isn’t what it looks like’,
Tony shrugged, his voice holding a playful edge. “There was an… accident, with his. Some hooligan with amazing facial hair just kind of… dropped it. We didn’t have the time to replace it before the gardens opening, so we just… didn’t.”
“I would be offended by that,” Steve said. “If I didn’t know first-hand how incredible Spiderman is.” Steve said, oblivious to Peter and his identity.
“And those?” Clint asked as they stumbled to the side of a dirt path, which wasn’t the right way to where they were going according to Bruce – who had the map, but none of them really minded. He pointed at a collection of gorgeous pink and yellow flowers with a yellow centre.
“Well,” Steve said. “You didn’t see them in the forties, forget the tesseract or the… Nazi stuff, their clothing alone made them evil enough. It was depressingly awful.”
Tony gave a small smile, feeling – well, feeling more optimistic than he had in a while. “Yeah Steve, we will.”
“No,” Clint defended, “of course I care about Tony, don’t be dumb. All I’m saying is, you need to admit when you’re wrong.”
They pulled apart only when Tony needed to breathe, gasping for breath in the otherwise silent hallway.
“If you too are too busy eating each-other’s faces off, are you going to eat these burnt pancakes or can I have them?” Sam asked, who had apparently just come inside.
“Woah Brucie, are you trying to make a vaccine for it?” Clint asked, pausing lining up the popcorn kernels in a row beside him, to stare at Bruce in awe.
.” Tony explained, gesturing to the plants around the bench, “I couldn’t really think of anything that represented you more.”
“Not because they’re me,” Tony continued, and for a moment Steve wondered if he had spoken aloud, “and fuck that’s another thing all together, it’s just – you managed to capture so much emotion, so much depth and I’m so… flattered isn’t the right word, awed – that’s better. I’m awed by it because you have so much talent, so much
“Look, I can access any data in the world and have a 24/7 view of the house, but I can’t read minds,” FRIDAY said, “one moment he was fine, then after breakfast he wasn’t. I’m curious!”
God, Steve had probably come here when he was his most lonely, his most outcasted, his most depressed – which Tony had certainly never helped with. The markets were wonderful, the sights, the smells, the vibrancy, one could forget the reason they came here in the first place, Tony certainly had, and he wasn’t even trying to forget.
Steve’s mind shies away from the word ‘drunk’, but that’s the best adjective. It’s soft and sleepy, hard to understand if Steve hadn’t had a short lifetime of learning to decipher its unique decibels, the meanings behind each individual intonation, the lilts and the stresses.
Riri ducked her head behind her hair. She seemed to hiss something back at him which Tony couldn’t hear, but was evidently funny if Steve’s reaction was anything to go by. Which reminded Tony…
She rolled her eyes in good humour. “Now boy, I’ve been on this Earth for 94 years, I don’t have time for pleasantries anymore. What’s Steve brought you out here for?”
“There’s no damage to control captain, so… no. The animal we saw was incredible, and now we’re home.”
They had been taken to a private waiting room. Natasha sat curled on one of the sofa’s, leaning into Clint who looked straight ahead at seemingly nothing. Bruce was wrapped in Natasha’s green blanket on the sofa next to Steve, his post-hulk-out tea cold by his side as he stared at the small television in the corner, his eyes glassed over. Thor was out scouting, looking for something to punch – a threat, he’d said. They all knew there wasn’t anything out there, but none of them could blame him. Steve would have joined Thor, if he could bear being farther away from Tony.
Steve and Tony stuck around for another half hour, hanging out and helping with the eftpos machine. Well – Tony helped with the eftpos machine and Steve played with Miles, going through the little art book Miles carried everywhere with him.
If an AI could huff, FRIDAY just did. “If I’m honest Boss, I wasn’t sure your cravings for pancakes were this extreme.”
Tony braced himself on Steve’s shoulders – forcing himself to ignore how they felt under his hands, and pulled himself off the bike. His legs buckled underneath him and he lost his balance, stumbling into the ground.
Thor poked one of the roast chickens with his fork – there were three, they had to feed super-soldiers and a god, after all. “What could be taking them so long?”
It was no surprise to anyone that Tony wanted to go to the botanical gardens. “I love flowers.” He said.
Steve shook his head. “It was different back then though. We were in the recession, war was looming on our shores. The second world war wasn’t some sort of gradual thing. It grew, we could see it coming from miles away, we just didn’t have the power to do anything about it. Roosevelt provided security, he had experience, he knew how to lead us out of the war. And he did.”
Clint, of all people, worked out the best way to deal with her. Apparently she acted like a knockoff Poison Ivy – some anti-hero in the comics he liked, and so he shot her down a peg or two.
“Besides,” Steve said, a small grin on his face at Tony’s reaction. “We can just put this in my room until the others get back with the key – i-if you’re okay with that, that is.”
Natasha nudged Bruce with her head, she was sitting on the floor in front of him and Thor, buried in a bean bag. “We should’ve moved movie night to Valentine’s Day.”
Tony screwed up his nose like there was a bad smell. Whilst Tony and Steve, like the rest of them, loved the mind numbing trivialities of a good reality TV Show, Tony couldn’t stand The Bachelor, and without Tony there, Steve wouldn’t watch it. It was a good excuse, and easily explained why there was a bet that the their superhero parents weren’t involved in. Natasha would have to make more muffins for Thor, he was good at getting them out of a jam.
FRIDAY raised her hands in a placating gesture. “Of course not,” she shrugged, “besides, if it’s any consolation, you can only tell that you react if you’re looking for it. Clint stumbled into a window the other day when I appeared.”
Riri frowned slightly. “Well actually, you don’t leave any plans around for it Mr. Stark, so I’ve been reverse engineering
Steve caught the wrench before it clattered to the ground and passed it back to Tony with a smile, before returning to the chain – and that was
Steve blinked dramatically, as if he was just acknowledging the outside world. He pulled back suddenly, leaving Tony to mourn the loss of his warmth immediately. “Right, of course.”
, they’re brilliant.” He let go of Steve hand to crouch down beside Thor. Natasha noticed Steve’s look of mild shock, before he too crouched down on the other side of Thor. She sighed, Clint wasn’t winning the bet today. “They grow from Ethiopia to Senegal, and they’re in South Africa too. Basically it chills out around watery or boggy areas, so it’s a good spot here.”
When he had decided he wanted pancakes this morning, Tony had to admit, he didn’t see himself here, with Steve.
Villainous Eve – as she called herself, had swung into New York with all the rage but none of the politics of a tree hugging activist. She had ripped the earth from the botanic gardens and weaved it through the city, trapping civilians in venomous vines and collapsing buildings.
FRIDAY materialised beside her, causing Natasha to flinch. “Oh,” FRIDAY said as Tchaikovsky wavered off, because you could never
They weaved their way through the hustle and bustle of the crowd, bumping into people, and stepping on toes. Tony tried to apologise to people as they passed, but they were always gone, or Steve and Tony had moved to far away before Tony had realised. Shopkeepers screamed out offers at the top of their voices, others were scribbling on chalkboard signs with haste, and in the centre were three rickety picnic tables that were filled with parents each trying to rally their children in.
“Yes,” Tony said, interrupting Steve. He swallowed, composing himself, “No, yeah, that sounds good.”
Tony was almost star struck, he had heard about Riri earlier last year when she had been accepted in MIT just a year older than he had been. He had wanted to keep an eye on her, but realised shortly that, that would have been creepy, so decided not to.
And Steve had been completely serious. When he looked at Tony, it was like he wanted nothing more than to just hold him forever, to make sure he was never harmed again.
They were only a few minutes into the movie when Tony raced inside, dragging Steve behind him with his hand clutched in Steve’s. “Sorry! We got side tracked, Steve was playing fetch with U, Dum-E was getting jealous and Butterfingers kept hiding the ball, it was this whole thing.”
Natasha ignored him, focusing on the clack of her nails against the wooden grain. When they had told him about this dinner, Steve had taken it upon himself to cook everything earlier that day. What could be taking him so long to actually show up?
She gestured around her booth, where dozens upon dozens of egg cartons sat. “Well, it’s not like you’re not spoiled for choice here.”
“There’s no predicting where you’ll appear, and you don’t make a sound.” Natasha said, but she wasn’t irritated, because then that would mean FRIDAY had annoyed her. She was just… slightly exasperated.
FRIDAY hummed. “He’s on the punching bag now but… Thor. He was sparring with Thor earlier. It got a little bit rough.”
“Be that as it may,” Bruce said after their laughter had died down, “Reviewing the terms of the bet is a good idea.”
He dropped the bag next to his. “Thank you again Tony, for all of this,” he gestured around the space. “What you’re doing for the team, it’s pretty amazing.”
that I’ll confess, and then I’ll gradually lose him. That something will permanently shift between us in a way we could never come back from. This rising
Natasha grinned, thinking of the bet. “Yeah, Tuesday could work.”  Clint cackled. “Yeah, we’re going to need to comfort Nattie-bear somehow when she loses the bet.”
Natasha gazed at the flower, smiling softly. She didn’t have the words to describing how she felt in that moment, except, she didn’t want to win the bet. Tony deserved to be happy
“Did you mean it?” Tony asked, his voice surprisingly strong despite how fast his heart was beating, how much he heart was hoping.
“So,” Natasha said, “the basic terms were this; we all betted on when our resident superidiots realise they’re in love with each other, and stumble into a relationship together. Do we all agree?”
people who realise they’re in love with someone, often start the process of wooing them – not going out of their way to indirectly beat themselves up.”
“I’m still confused,” Steve said as he grabbed his jacket. “Why do we need to go down to the corner store again?”
“Steve, it doesn’t have to be extravagant. Like I said, cater it towards the individual, do something you know will make him happy.”
miserable. Tony had the urge to do something, to comfort Steve, to comfort himself. “I love you too,” his voice wavered, finally cracking under the emotional and almost exhilarating tension between them.
Steve rubbed the back of his neck, his skin turning an adorable shade of red. “Steve, you can call me Steve.”
“Huh.” Tony said, because he didn’t really know how to reply to that. The markets were somewhere he had admittedly, never been to before, Tony had, had no need to go there. He wasn’t really sure what to expect, or what to bring, or what to wear. Would his disguise be enough, should he shave, would he need to –
what I was designed to do. I feel like I’d have an unfair advantage if I got involved, since I can see everything and control, well, most of everything.”
“Yeah,” FRIDAY said, “the Boss left a couple of hours ago, he went straight to the roof. The Captain found him about thirty minutes or so ago.” She notably didn’t answer Thor’s question.
“George W. Bush,” Bruce said, “started the War on Terror and was responsible for killing thousands of innocent people in the Middle East.”
“And I have to honour him, honour our friendship. He’s had so many people hurt and use him in the past, I
For weeks he had been dragging various friends (mostly Steve) to different nurseries, even overseas. If Natasha had been bothered to find out why, she would have. But quite frankly, she didn’t
“Not to do with you or your tech,” Thor amended, “but with me. It didn’t seem to recognise my hands… I couldn’t use it.”
happened before, ever, in their entire lives, in their entire time knowing each other, Tony and Steve had never spent time together like this before. Sure, they would watch movies, or play board games, but that was always in group settings.
At least, until his murmurs for Indries would leave his lips, inevitably keeping Steve awake all night.
He swallowed hard when Steve’s arms wound around Tony’s chest protectively. Not that it’d do them any good at this point. Steve pressed Tony’s back into the mattress and cupped his face, bringing his mouth to his own. His lips were soft and welcoming, and yet so very cautious. As though he feared Tony would vanish, too. As though this moment they were having was fragile enough that if he handled it roughly, it would no longer exist.
the prettiest girl in high school, cheerleader captain, prom queen, but also intelligent, a genuinely nice person and actually interested in science and not just faking it—how a girl like that had just one day decided to look at Rhodey and fall madly in love with him was beyond Tony.
“Look at this,” Ultron said, almost cooing now. “Still trusting Stark, even when he never once trusted you. You’re terribly naïve. But we’ll see how you like him when all he can do is drool on the floor.”
“I do,” Steve shot back. “But experience shows those are mostly thrown out the window early in the game. Adapting’s the key. You having fun?”
Jarvis’ shoulders sagged. “Well, I’d better get along and arrange some more food. It’s going to be a long night.”
Tony sighed, but he didn’t say anything more for a good minute. Instead, he started pacing. He walked about the room, his eyes sometimes dropping on the half-filled tumbler that dutifully waited for him on the nightstand. He never walked over there, though, instead he kept brushing his fingers through his hair as he walked.
Christ, they were quick, perfectly skilled, with a fighting-style of pure brutality. The man’s failed attack had left him slightly—and very briefly—off balance, and Bucky took quick advantage of that fact, throwing an uppercut before he had even straightened up, knocking him off his feet.
A sob escaped Steve’s lips, the sound mercifully unnoticed by the others. The comm at his ear buzzed insistently and he ignored it, tempted to switch off the damned thing. He knew the others tried to connect with him, but Steve didn’t want to hear it. Twice more the device buzzed and the third time, he grabbed it and broke it down the middle.
“Pietro!” Gasping for breath, Wanda protectively took stance in front of her brother. Steve had no idea where she had come from, but he could also vaguely hear Sam in the distance, looming above.
“This can’t be the data point,” Natasha said, walking further into the room. “This technology is ancient.” She frowned when she noticed the new USB port lying on the huge desk in front of them. There wasn’t a single dust note on its surface.
“You’re a slob,” she chided him, and tried to look disgusted. She failed, however, when Ian stretched his chubby arms into her direction. That was one of those amazing things Steve had learned about Natasha in those last years: She really, absolutely, unashamedly
He and Tony’d had a quiet moment with Sharon earlier that afternoon; there had been hugs and some almost-tears and horrendous jokes on Tony’s part because that’s what he does.
The other man chuckled at that and Steve pressed one ear against the door to listen to their steps slowly receding.
“It’s sort of an end to itself,” Rhodey all but snarled. “He shouldn’t be here, you know that. It’s obviously a ruse!”
Somehow, Steve had hoped Tony would prefer he keep the uniform on. It'd be a hassle to get it all off now, and besides, the sense of power it gave him, the mere thought of being almost entirely dressed while he fucked Tony made him grow so hard he felt rigid.
He released a soft breath and let his eyes once more take everything in. “For what it’s worth, I’ve never seen anything so breathtaking,” he told Tony. “Thank you for bringing me here.”
There was a long beat of quiet, before Steve spoke up again, his voice very serious. “Clint implied that you thought I wouldn’t have listened to you…”
Tony was still busy trying to figure out if that had been a ‘No sharing a bed with him until he’s legal, dude’-look from Barnes or a ‘Goddammit, don’t chicken out now’-look, when Tony heard Steve sigh and turn around, facing him.
So Thor had left for Asgard, that was sort of a relief, considering that the guy usually bore solutions with him when he returned from his excursions. He could wait until Thor came back with an answer, provided his visions remained more or less the same. "And uh… did," Steve paused, thinking of how to put it in a way that wouldn't bring up any suspicions on Tony's side. Sadly, there was no way to do that, and Steve still had to ask. "Did they report any visions about things that… that never happened?"
Tony nodded and led him to the bed. He made him sit down, and followed suit right after. “I wish I could do something.”
Tony turned around, staring at Steve wildly. “You won’t be facing consequences. Do you think I want you imprisoned?” He rubbed a hand over his face. “Where are you staying, anyway?”
“I just wanted to see how things were going,” Peter replied. “I’m sorry I haven’t been in touch since...” He leaned in, actually checking the empty rooftop for any unwanted witnesses. “
Steve frowned. That was… how could Tony know his middle name? Although… that was a stupid thought, of course. Tony wasn’t real. He was a figment of his own darn imagination. Of course he’d know Steve’s middle name. Tony was basically a product of his own mind, and he really ought to remember that.
“Honestly, guys,” Tony said, gently prying him loose from Pepper’s grip. “you’re going to scar him for life.”
Steve loved him. And if he went to the bar sometimes to have a drink or something, that simply didn’t mean anything.
“Yes, me, whatever,” Tony placed his hands on Steve’s hips and pulled him in until their lower bodies came into contact.
“My daughter was in Lagos,” the man shouted, openly crying now. “You fund this sickness, Stark! With your dirty billions!”
. It was a simple word, unmistakable in its meaning, and yet… it echoed through Steve’s brain repeatedly until he could finally grasp it.
“Now’s really not a good time, Steve,” Tony murmured after a moment, fingers trailing along DUM-E’s claw that was still trying to find something it could greet properly.
It was… amazing how quickly life could change, and how little it took to make it a completely different life from the one you’d been leading. Steve had gone from a soldier with no family, to a husband and a father. Somehow, in spite of the wrenching twists and turns life had put him through, he had come out on the other side with a new world filled with love and hope and endless possibilities.
He began moving in slow, temperate strokes. Allowing Steve to adjust to the rhythm of their bodies moving together, of the feel of Tony inside him. He didn’t even feel the need to slam into him hard and fast. This was better. What they’d done in the gym was wild and magnificent in its own way, but this… this was closeness, and intimacy, and honeyed bliss.
“Tell you?!” Tony turned away from Steve. “You wouldn’t want to know,” he continued, storming furiously in the direction of staircase. “Not if you had my memories!”
They were… they were flirting, weren’t they? Or was Steve not aware of how all of that sounded? It was a possibility, since Steve sure as hell had never made a move on him before.
He stepped out of the shadows at that, smiling a little beneath his mask as the woman startled at his approach. She wore a long red skirt that flowed loosely around her legs. The white shirt showed a hint of her breasts. “James?” she asked, eyes growing even larger.
Vision’s expression slightly fell, looking lost. “I wouldn’t know what to say to her, besides that I’m… that I’m sorry.”
Stark hummed, but didn’t say anything further. As they walked away, he opened his eyes after all and got a last glimpse of Steve pulling Stark against his side before they rounded the next corner.
Things grew silent then for a long minute. Then Tony yawned right into Steve’s neck, slumping a bit forward. “I’m so tired,” he mumbled into his skin.
Tony’s hand was firm around his as they left the car. He led Steve further into Stark Mansion’s shadow and after only a few steps, he was surrounded by a sea of blank faces. By people who were likely thinking how audacious he was for being here. For even considering being with a powerful man like Tony Stark.
Steve’s apartment was not completely dark, owing to the fact that the curtains were open and a not insignificant amount of moonlight was pouring in from the four big ceiling-to-floor windows. Two large bags leaned against one of the empty bookshelves and there were several moving boxes on the floor. Otherwise, the apartment was completely emptied out.
He’d planned to stay on good terms with Steve, sure, but… growing so close to him hadn’t been on his agenda. Steve obviously couldn’t care much about him, otherwise he wouldn’t still be lying to him, right? Or—not lying, but he wasn’t honest with him either.
All in all, he wasn't an easy person to deal with, and neither was Tony. And that made them kind of perfect for each other.
He’d already finished breakfast and put his hand on Steve’s once more, brushing a thumb over the back of his hand. “Well, at least there’s nothing that could go wrong with
“It goes both ways,” Tony said, irritated now. “Nothing’s fixed. Do you think anything about this was easy for me?”
Tony hummed, his breathing slowly going back to normal. His throat felt a little tender from where Steve had grabbed him, but it
“Why would you want me around?” he asked, when he couldn’t hold the words in any longer. “You don’t owe me anything. I know I’m Steve’s friend, and I’ll always be, but you don’t have to pretend to like me. I’m Steve’s friend,
Steve felt Bucky’s body tense. He was clenching his hands into fist, his whole body shaking. “I’m fine, Buck. Really. Tony and I… we’ll push through.”
Tony nodded, every part of him wrung with emotions, and with a long, strangled moan of completion, Steve’s cock sank inside him. The remaining walls between them collapsed. Steve pulled him down on his chest fully, and there, with his heat scorching every inch of Tony’s body, he was whole once more.
They hadn’t left him any memories of his old life. They’d wiped him. Over and over again. Chances were he didn’t even know he’d had a life before this one. He might have pieced it together over time, but there was no way he would have understood it. After everything he’d done—after dying for his country—the world had repaid him by sealing him in an existence where he could not die, in a world of despair and isolation, where he was utterly alone.
There was the sound of footsteps on the stairs and then, Nat walked into the room. Nat, who… who had red hair again, so long that it fell over one shoulder in wavy curls. She wore casual clothes, and had a bag slung over her shoulders.
“Three damn weeks,” Tony ground out, as Steve rolled Tony onto his belly, positioning himself behind him.
“I can see why I would dream of you,” he said, his voice strangely soft as his eyes did the vertical dance once more. “I always preferred people with fight in them.”
“I mean I knew something was off, but…” Steve frowned. “What happened with our Tony? If you’re here, he—”
“Incognito,” Tony interrupted, casting the girl one of his dazzling smiles as he put a finger on his lips. “Just ignore us, please?”
Steve stood in the doorway, watching the tender care Tony gave their son. “It wasn’t his fault,” he said softly.
“Yeah. I felt him… worming his way inside the arm’s system,” Bucky said. “He’d controlled it in a heartbeat, felt like he could’ve done much more than that…”
year they’d graduate from high school, there’d be a total eclipse on American mainland. It would be a 70-mile-wide totality path, stretching over the whole country, from Oregon to South Carolina. That day—and Tony remembered it in a way he didn’t remember much of anything when it came to his crappy childhood—, he and Rhodey had started forming ‘The Plan’; the plan for ‘The Most Legendary Solar Eclipse Post-Graduation Road Trip Of All Times’. Even at the age of ten, Tony had known that this would mark the end of his youth and the start of something new—something bigger. And he wanted to share this moment with his best friend more than he wanted to breathe.
Tony sat stock-still, his expression troubled, before his gaze slowly travelled back to Steve’s eyes.
Steve stopped laughing and cast him a surprised glance. He looked down at himself and realized for the first time how naked he truly was. For a moment Steve seemed to have some sort of inner debate whether or not he needed to be sheepish about this, then decided to soldier on. It was the same look he’d always sported back in the days, just before squaring his skinny shoulders, raising his voice, and insulting whoever had just failed his expectations of decent behavior.
It took fewer strides than he thought it would to step up to Tony's side. Towering above the duo, Steve glared at Tony, refusing to admit there was more jealousy to his behavior than anything else. He wasn't
“That goes both ways,” Steve said and leaned in for a last kiss. As he left for the elevators, Steve swiped his shield from where it was hanging on one of the workshop walls.
“We’re taking the tractor home with us, by the way,” Tony went on. “Put it in the shop, call it the tractor of love. It’ll be awesome.”
“I always loved seeing you down in the shop,” Steve admitted, trying for a tiny smile. “All mad scientist, brilliant and beautiful. Don’t know when I started looking, exactly, but I’ve wanted you for… a while now.”
“Yeah, I’m starting to think it’s too late for that.” Tony took a deep breath and forged ahead. “So, how the hell do we…”
It was the punch line of their relationship, the end of a joke, the conclusion of a very cruel and very painful story.
A beat passed between them. “Not one we’ve thought up yet,” Tony added quietly, as Steve draped an arm around his upper body and helped him walk to the next room.
The girl didn’t care about Tony’s age, nor did she care about Tony basically just sitting there and staring into space for long minutes after Steve had stormed off.
The second Steve’s eyes landed on the bay in front of him, he was deafened by the crash of the waves. By the roll of the clouds against the horizon. The swish of the sand as water washed along the coast. The scene was breathtaking, but somehow callous—open and lonely. No matter how far he looked, nothing was there to look back. Even the stretch of land that encompassed the water before spilling into the ocean looked empty.
Tony frowned. That rang a bell. He accessed the Air Force servers via Extremis, opening Sam’s files. A lot of information was blacked out, but it wasn’t overly hard to find backup copies of the original files. Samuel Thomas Wilson, 36 years old, grown up in Harlem. Father, Paul Wilson. Mother, Darlene Wilson. Both deceased before Sam had reached maturity. He’d served as a Pararescueman, and worked with the 58th rescue squadron for two years. He and his fellow paratrooper Riley had been the first test pilots for the…
Pepper nodded, continuing, “I have to say, though, you’re not at all what I thought you’d be. Not the sort of people that Tony used to…” She frowned, sighing and shaking her head. “That’s not what I mean. I mean that… well, you’re different.” She paused. “You’re nothing like Indries.”
Tony’s eyes were watery and on a sudden instinct, Steve reached out to take his hand. “I think so”, he whispered. “I haven’t told them, we never talked about it, but they know. Not all of it, I suppose, but… enough.”
“Look who’s awake,” he whispered conspiratorially, looking down on his son who was watching him with his big blue eyes. “And you didn’t even tell us. Admit it, daddy told you when it’s his turn for morning duties, huh, buddy? What did he bribe you with for sleeping through, more cuddles than papa?”
And therefore, one day might as well have been years he’d spent without Steve. He hadn’t just missed him while they were apart, he’d felt the longing so intensely strong it amounted to physical pain. For one day, he’d lived in the fear of Steve’s abandonment, and now that he welcomed him back into his embrace—Tony felt an overwhelming sense of gratitude and relief.
Even as he spoke, he already saw it: the tightness in Tony’s face, the furrowed brow. It was then that Steve realized that yesterday hadn’t been about them overcoming their differences, or them becoming friends again. Tony was only trying to get by, deal with this in the adult way, and get this over with as fast as he could.
.” Steve’s voice was very quiet. He hung his head, his back still turned in their direction. “I’ve been mourning him for so long… I just can’t get it into my head that he’s still here.” He turned around with that, his face more collected—back straightened, voice raised. “I’m not deluding myself when it comes to who he is right now. But I know exactly who he was before. I know the kind of person he still
It was a bit crazy, wasn’t it? Tony had hoped for some sort of assurance. A ‘Because your life matters to me’ or something equally genuine and heartfelt that could only come from
He sat up on the creeper, smiling when he noticed the food and drinks in Steve’s hands. That was… unexpected. And nice. And something that only Pepper and Rhodey did for him.
And that was all. The silence encircled them once more. Steve pressed small, soft kisses all over Tony's forehead while their arms were wrapped tightly around one another. And however much the last hours had left Tony shaken, this was enough. Knowing that, at the end of the day, Steve was alive and still loved him—it was enough. Everything else they could work through together, everything else Tony could deal with—as long as Steve was still there at his side.
The sound of knuckles hitting wood resounded. “That should cover us,” Maria said with a chuckle, and before either of them could say anything to that, Tony heard the elevator doors open.
All Tony had meant was that he wanted back on the team? That was easy. Steve was sure everyone would be happy to have him back, each for their own reasons. Why did Tony make it sound like something much more dramatic than it actually was?
“Back in the other dimension. We talked, looked out for each other, you were… you were so approachable. You listened to me, you were always there and… I liked that.”
“Shouldn’t we get this out of the way first?” he asked eventually. Because, anything—screaming, crying—was better than Tony’s cold silence.
“Maybe not,” Steve agreed. “But I really do want to make it work. I want for everyone to be okay again. To be okay with each other again. And I think they can be. If that means I’ll live somewhere else, I’ll do it.”
Steve buried his face in Tony's neck as a low groan left him. The pressure of Tony's hand against his dick was fantastic and insane all at the same time. He could barely hear his answer, but managed to glean from it that they had everything they'd need. How long has it been that a touch as casual as that was making him weak in the knees?
When Jarvis accompanied him back to his room, he bowed slightly. “It was a pleasure talking to you, Master Rogers,” he said, and he sounded earnest about it.
Steve watched them walk towards the Quinjet that would bring them back to New York. Back to their home. It should have been comforting to know how easy it had always been to slip back into that life—their life—, even after great catastrophes, but it felt anything but. As Steve stared after his husband, he had a sinking feeling that this time, things would irrevocably change.
That conversation he'd overheard all those months ago was still on his mind. He didn't trust the guy to treat Tony right, and less so now that he was an SI employee.
Steve’s head arched slightly against him when he released a long moan, a smile tickling his lips. Tony cupped him with pristine tenderness, thumb rubbing circles into his sensitive skin with shy reserve.
Steve snorted. He hadn’t exactly expected Tony to go through with it, but Tony was almost as bad as Steve when it came to losing a game. With a last sigh, Tony pushed down his jeans, mindful not to reveal too much.
"You're not Dr. McCane," said Tony immediately.  He'd come to like the aggressive omega quite a lot during the night.  The new doctor was an Alpha.  Tony's arm tightened a little around Steve.
"Yeah, no, he was pretty clear about that," said Tony, tossing back his drink.  He reached for more vodka and orange juice. "So why are you mad at me again?"
Tony stepped into the empty, cavernous house after Steve, looking around.  The indoor fountain that the stairs curled around was still flowing, babbling merrily, and the orchids were all bright.  Many had dropped their flowers but the people Tony had hired had clipped the stems and many were re-blooming.
Rhodey sniffed the glass.  "Jesus Christ, this isn't water, this is vodka.  ...well, whatever gets him up, I guess.  If we pour some orange juice on him, he'll be a screwdriver."
?  You don't 'act out' much--"  The corner of his mouth twitched a little.  "--aside from the occasional unannounced visits to your other Alpha."  He reached over to swipe a hand through Steve's hair affectionately,
Pepper was quiet. "He's been with me last few days," Steve filled in the silence, feeling like he had to say something and offer up some kind of explanation. Had Pepper seen the papers? Of course she had. She knew Captain America was alive. But the thing is a busy woman like her might not have seen the pictures themselves. Did she know Steve was a liar?
Tony didn't need telling twice.  He let Happy escort him to the car and crawled into the backseat to lie down.  He'd long since lost his sunglasses; he looked over at Steve's slightly blurry figure.  "...hey. Congrats, Cap."
Steve practically purred at the touch, happily threading his fingers into Tony's hair to press a kiss to his forehead. "Did I do okay? What does it look like out there?" He asked quietly, letting Tony tug him towards pizza. Fuck, he was starving. Steve inhaled three slices in as many minutes; he wasn't even really aware what the toppings had been. He didn't really understand why but talking about himself was exhausting. And Aria kept warning him that interviews weren't usually as nice as that. What was he going to do when they got mean?
"I just feel... empty," Steve said quietly, after a moment, his gaze unwavering. All his politeness had gone. He didn't have the energy to smile, or to do much else. "Just... yeah, empty."
"I'm so sorry, I thought you two were upstairs, that's what Pepper said when I texted her this morning," Aria was babbling, hand still shielding her eyes.
Donner let out a pain sounded, clutching at his stomach. "Ah! Ah, it hurts." Pepper gripped his hand tight.
"Yeah," repeated Tony, who didn't really know how he was about it.  He just didn't think about it, really. He hadn't realized Steve was, and its loss had no especially affected him.  Mostly it scared him to think how close they'd come to having a child. If they'd found out, Steve would have had to get an abortion, and the news would go crazy, and it would have been awful.
"I must say, I'm surprised you put on a collar. But then I suppose they wouldn't have let you in otherwise," Fred said. His collar was engraved with ivy. It was almost pretty, if Steve could forget what it was.
The man was backing up, slowly.  "Yes, yes, all very inspiring. As impractical as it is motivating.  I can't wait to start seeing omegas joining special forces teams. It will certainly make my job easier."
He took his hand, threading their fingers together in hope of reassuring him. He could feel his nerves. Steve had been the same way.... SHIELD tested you in every way possible. There was nowhere to hide.  Tony was right to be jittery.
he thought; no wonder Lupita and Aaliyah had put up with him for all those years; they had both probably retired rich), plus the cook and two maids and a groom and a driver and a personal bodyguard, but nothing at all to indicate they'd ever had a butler.  Had Howard just paid him under the table, in wads of cash?
"Well, babies do that sometimes.  Ty, can you hold her while I get cleaned up?" asked Pepper, holding out the baby.  Tiberius stepped back, holding up his hands.
Steve set the tablet Pepper had given him down on the table.  “Your first meeting is at eleven. Your plane tonight leaves at eight PM.”
"Yeah, yeah.  Me and Sam are gonna go cut a wire or something and then rendezvous on the roof, and on Cap's signal, we go in.  Right?" He eyed Sam. Sam was wearing normal-looking military-issued combat clothes. He had a backpack, though that was clearly a piece of classified tech.  Tony studied it, curious how it worked, what powered it. What the hell was it, anyway? A jetpack or something? The flight googles on Sam's head indicated that, however it operated, it went fast.
Phil shut the door after Steve and then turned around to face him. "You're going into heat," he stated.
"--the fire I've been trying to put out, Rhodes has one of your suits, Happy went over to your home and the place looks like--"
Tony and Steve dragged themselves onto the plane slowly, heavily, both of them exhausted.  Tony sat without even getting a drink and was thankful Charlie didn't try to talk to him.  Maybe she'd seen the news.
"Come on.  Let's go," demanded Natasha, who could ID a raid going south from a mile away.  She didn't want to be anywhere in the vicinity of these two children, let alone the Winter Soldier, who would probably recover quickly and come after them.  And super soldier or not, she was concerned for Steve's condition.
"Sssh." Banksy placed a finger over Steve's mouth. "Nonsense. We omegas have got to stick together Steve.  You and me, you and your cousin..."
that's an old article, sorry... oh, but look at these pictures!"  He flipped the tablet around to Natasha to show off a picture of Steve, shirtless.  "And who's going to get to mate that hot piece of ass?  ...maybe a certain spoiled tech billionaire...?"
"You asked me to organize an Expo in your name, you showed up late and hung-over to the opening ceremonies, you've been gone
"I find confidence to be one of the most attractive traits in any person, regardless of status," said Tony petulantly.
In the server room, Tony was on the floor as well, whistling and trying to wiggle a particularly large box out from behind a Rolls-Royce P-3 "Orion" turboprop engine that he'd squirreled away in the server room because Pepper kept threatening to throw it out unless he did something with it.  His heart was hammering with the exertion of trying to move the engine by himself but he was too proud to ask for his omega's help.
"Fuck," he said outloud, standing.  Where would Steve have scrambled off to?  He poked his nose out into the hall; Pepper was just coming out of the lounge.
He slid into a booth and turned to see if he could order another coffee, but the staff had disappeared.  Tony wondered if he was about to be offed.  If so, they were doing him a favor.  He reached up and rubbed at the rash creeping up his neck.  He wondered if he should just let them shoot him or give a big show of fighting back.  There was no point, really.  He was on death row anyway and Steve had betrayed him.  He guessed he'd just let them shoot him and get it over with.
Suddenly there were people everyone and it was more than a little overwhelming. Steve laughed almost awkwardly as Banksy pulled him into a hug without any warning. He'd hoped for a positive reaction, sure, but he hadn't expected this kind of response. He sure hadn't expected a entire entourage to appear at their house, much less for it to include both Status Alliance and Horseshoe Society members. Still, he hugged Banksy back, Aria politely moving her feet back to the floor. The omega smelled of fancy cologne, a stark contrast to the earthy scent of salt and the sea all over Steve. He was still wearing the clothes he'd slept in but he didn't think anyone here really cared.
"They sell the omegas they don't want. They have auctions. They sell them servants, prostitutes... human guinea pigs. They practice those awful surgeries on them and then use them so other omegas can practise, in these camps, and all of the omegas here are so brain-washed that none of them even see anything wrong with it...it's horrible."
Steve was probably getting carpet burn but he didn't even notice it or feel it. He just saw and felt Tony. He soon was soon a panting mess of moans and whines, squirming under Tony and on his cock as he plowed into him. "I-I won't break, you know," he panted, fingers digging into the nape of his deck a little as he gasped at a particularly firm thrust. He could almost feel Tony holding back on him a little. Steve couldn't get hurt easily, he was a super soldier after all. If Tony wanted any marks to remain he would have to be at least a little rough about it.
.  He was an omega but it wasn't clear at all what his status was, whether he was a strong or a meek omega, where in his cycle he was.  It was like trying to describe a beta's smell, or the taste of water, or the color of air. His smell was like a shadow, sinister, suggestive, unsettling.  An extremely distorted version of reality. It wasn't sinister, just uncanny, unfamiliar. Like a glass eye.
"Just breathe for me," Steve said again and knelt down in front of him, pushing Tony's hair back from his forehead without thinking, another hand squeezing his shoulder gently to ground him. "That's it." Tony's chest wasn't rising and falling at quite such an alarming speed now.
"Well, then, making out in the parking garage probably isn't the best use of your time, is it?" said Kate teasingly.
Peggy was smiling at him. He couldn't help but smile back.  This room was unchanged and the precious memories it held onto, safe.
The nice thing about hitting rock bottom was that it provided a very unshakeable foundation.  Now that the worst had come to pass after all, Tony was feeling more stable than he had in a long time.
"Steve!"  George was waving on the other side of the crowd by the pool, holding up his phone to record the fight.  Behind him, Donner was cowering, peeking over his shoulder nervously.
, he thought with irritation.  The idea of his brain being hijacked by his hormones frustrated him.  He'd always sort of thought bonding was stupid and here he was, a complete sucker, falling over backwards to forgive an omega who'd been nothing but trouble and also happened to have the most gorgeous sparkling sapphire eyes that Tony could get lost in for hours.
Clint reached out for one and nearly dropped it as he slid it off the shelf.  "...oh, hell, these are heavy."
The beta doctor piped up. "We've seen this kind of thing before, once or twice--" She promptly ignored the look Richards and Coulson gave her. "When an Alpha turns up without any context, and unexpectedly-- there's a few explanations we can offer."
"Here.  Take my card," said Pierce, handing Steve a card.  His phone buzzed; he checked it, then looked up apologetically.  "Excuse me, gentlemen.  I have to take this."  He turned and walked off, jerking his head for Gideon to follow.
.  He felt weird, denying Steve.  Steve had looked so excited, so happy and eager.  But Tony's hurt was so fresh and he realized, with horror, he couldn't trust Steve.
Sitwell cast a longing look over at his notebook, clearly wanting to record this information, but he was still patting the bandage on Steve's neck into place.
Tony's eyes traveled over to Steve.  As usual, the HUD brought up his stats.  Six foot two, two hundred seventy pounds.  The shield was dangling by his side, and Tony wondered, suddenly, how often it had been used as an actual shield, and how often it had been used as a weapon.  What was the shield-to-kill ratio on that thing?
Tony shrugged, not moving.  "Life's too short, Pepper.  Life's short and... and... what's the point of living it if you're not going to
"Said the military doctor," said Tony with a roll of his eyes.  "I don't think this is a problem, unless you think, realistically, Steve's gonna get attacked by the Winter Soldier. Who, let's be real, only shows up, what, once every decade or something and probably isn't even--"
"Have you been living under a rock?  That's all anyone's talking about, him being an omega," said Tony.  "He came out months ago."
"...I didn't show anyone," she added.  She knew, well enough, that Steve was self-conscious about how he'd looked before the serum.  There existed, to Pepper's knowledge, only three photos of Steve pre-serum, all of them on display in a museum and printed in history books.  This photo of him and Sergeant Barnes was invaluable... but also private. The photos of Steve, pre-serum, were all individual shots. In this one, it was immediately and obviously clear that he was an omega and that the man he was with was either a mate or a courting Alpha.
Tony had let Natasha lead him to the cafeteria even though the smell of food turned his stomach.  "Steve really likes the muffins here," Natasha informed him..  There were only two occupied tables; one with a large group of men, presumably new recruits, who were behaving because of the other table, where several officers were having an intense discussion over their dinner.  "Carbs are supposed to settle the stomach, you know.  Go ahead and pick one."
Sitwell nodded in agreement. He looked around the room and stared at the ruined sofa. He sighed. "How the hell can we protect him in this state..."
"Any concerns about the controversy surrounding a running a pro-choice organization?" asked Boswell.  Tony had hoped they'd skip that question. Suppressants were one thing (although there was still a mild bit of debate regarding whether they should be covered by healthcare, and how accessible they ought to be)... but abortions were another.  Omegas had it worse than women and always had, historically. It seemed like rights for omegas were always a few decades behind for some reason.
The moment they were back downstairs, Pepper was back into the thick of things, directly the catering staff around.  Mostly, Steve couldn't help but notice, mostly omegas. Dressed in black and white, the wait staff and chefs ran to and fro; Tony's kitchen quickly began to resemble a military operation.
"...it doesn't sound to me like there's anything to work out," said Tony after a moment.  "Look, Steve's not related to anyone with a metal arm, and he's bonded to
His voice trailed off as he dragged Sam toward the bar.  In the presence of two other Alphas, Tony's usual obnoxiousness was back.
Their hands were touching, the microphone grasped between them, forgotten.  Tony's excitement was palpable.  Any misgivings he'd had the previous day about other Alphas had evaporated with their announcement. Steve was irrefutably his; it was official. They were definitely going to be splattered all over the headlines tomorrow, onstage, hands entwined, maybe with one or two furtive shots of the mark on Steve's neck.
"Oh, not long at all," said Natasha, who was studying the writing on the first aid kit with interest.  "Four and a half days. Sorry it took us so long. I saw you fall off the grid on day one, but we had to pull records and interrogate Sitwell and... well, Tony didn't figure out it was Yemen until day three."  She glanced up apologetically.  "I was tracking you. Sorry, but not sorry.  If I hadn't been, we might not have come as fast as we did.   And as far as... as being in heat, I think you were only out for a day.  Maybe less. Hard to say."
"Are you a mutant?" demanded Wanda, hovering behind Maria, who was still holding the gun.  Pepper and Aria were huddled together off to the side.
Tony already knew the fallout would be enormous; he donated regularly to Planned Parenthood, which mostly catered to beta women, and he'd gotten death threats over it.  Happily, though, he was pretty sure if he and Steve formed a charity together, then he would take most of the flak.  After all, people thought of Steve as a wholesome, all-America goodie two-shoes, and Tony as a troublemaker.  And being the Alpha, people would think Tony was the mastermind behind it and Steve was just along for the ride.
"Okay? Yeah, I'm more than okay, Tony," Steve assured him with a pleased hum. Because of the serum the evidence of their coupling rarely stayed around for long, even bruises or bites would fade. So for him it wasn't exactly a bad thing if he might feel it in the morning, it was almost a novelty. He wiggled against him as if to make a point before he slumped back down in the sheets, curling his arms under a pillow.
At this, Karpov hesitated.  He looked at the soldier, then said, "...солдат.  Did you recognize your target?"
Tony tilted his head back, closing his eyes and gripping the sheets as Steve went down on him.  "O-oh... oh... yeah..." He arched upwards, moaning appreciatively as Steve licking the head, ran his lips over the knot, teased up the underside.  His deep sense of annoyance and inadequacy because of Steve's other Alpha evaporated with Steve's ministrations, the smell of Steve's pheromones and the sensations of his tongue.  "All for you... all for my omega..." said Tony, straining. "Take... take it, omega... good boy... my little cumslut... sweet omega..." He gave a half-cry, half-whine as he came undone beneath Steve, weakly twitching.  Three days of sex had left him drained in every sense of the word, and his ejaculations were small and painful, his body desperate for a break.
If there was one thing he'd learned in his undercover operation to observe Stark, it was not about Stark, but about himself.  Steve did not like being undercover.  He liked being
So Steve sat up, as did Tony, and they were a mess of tangled limbs as they kissed. He threaded his fingers through the engineer's hair and scratched at his scalp lightly, smiling when it drew out a shudder.
Across the room, several pieces of armor shot toward him.  He ducked, nearly getting decapitated by the helmet; the front torso plate missed its mark entirely and slammed into the wall beside him.
Tony groaned, meeting Steve's eyes; they locked on his, bright and eager, then flicked down briefly in submission.  Tony's cock throbbed in response. The jewels on Steve's collar sparkled, matching his eyes perfectly, and Tony reached up with one hand to hook a couple of fingers into the collar, to tug Steve down for a brief, sloppy kiss before letting him continue.  Leading Steve Rogers around by a collar on his neck... Tony was willing to bet a hell of a lot of Alphas, both in Steve's time and his, had dreamt of this, and Tony felt smugly superior in getting to be the only one who was allowed to.
Something hit Steve. It was when the guy handed him his phone and didn't look at his face. The newspapers all made it sound like he'd been received by everyone- not necessarily received
Slowly, cautiously, a hand snuck out and stole the plate. There was a moment of hesitation before a "thanks" was mumbled.
Expo, I should be spending more time there... but... but maybe you could, I dunno, only do one or two interviews this week?  Tell America to save some Steve for me?"  Tony didn't add the sharp, magnetic pull he felt toward Steve, the need to be wrapped around him almost constantly.  How leaving Steve at the base and going home alone had been one of the most painful things he'd ever experienced.
"When in doubt, talk about equal opportunities and education for the next generation," advised Tiberius.  "And remember, everyone getting up on that stage is on your side, okay?"
"Love you," he whispered, needing to hear Steve tell him he was loved back, needing confirmation from his omega that, yes, they were a pair, bonded, each other's.
Pepper gave Aria a nudge with her elbow and pointed quietly.  She assumed the two of them would be handling the media; it would be unfair to ask Steve to do so after such a traumatic experience.
He peeled off his shirt, covered as it was in sweat and grease, and then kicked off his shoes and socks before shucking off his jeans.  In his boxer-briefs, he walked over and set on the end of the bed.
Steve devoured about five cereal bars (courtesy of Ty) and then began prodding Tony's arm impatiently to make him wake up.
Tony groaned a little and closed his eyes.  The temptation to peek was almost unbearable.  "Okay, okay, my eyes are closed," he groused. He was unable to comply with Steve's other request; his expectations were already through the roof.
he loved me. He just... wasn't the best at always showing it, I guess. But it's so much easier to hate someone than to miss them, you know? And I missed him so much..."
news stories, Jarv, not boring ones.  Y'know, something the government would care about.  ...I wanna start keeping tabs on SHIELD.  They've already been keeping tabs on me, for months, apparently.  We've got a lot of catching up to do.  And I need to find Barton."
"I think he feels pretty lost right now;" Steve murmured. "It's hard to tell what's Tony and what's not but...wherever he is, I'm not sure Bucky knows where he's going. My main fear now is that HYDRA could snap him up again and that could be it."
And, as Ozzy had already so wisely observed, it was impossible to tell if he was alive or dead, or had any thoughts within his head.  Iron Man was impenetrable. Even before the armor, Tony had discovered he could cordon off sections of his mind, lock his emotions when it was critically necessary to do so.
"Hm. I don't know as much as I should and I'm one of them," Steve pointed out as they settled back down. "I've never been taught about it either. All I know is to warn you that the first heat will be messy... and not in a fun way. I think they stop being sexy after about a day and just become pretty painful. Clint doesn't speak highly of them."
Justin's fake smile fell as Steve approached him and he looked irritated to admit he wasn't in charge..  "I
"You're going to clean this up in post, right?" asked Tony through the handkerchief, all too aware of the camera crew drifting around.
Tony brushed his fingers through Steve's hair, being as gentle as he could, considering he was in metal gloves.
"...oh.  Right," said Tony, breaking away reluctantly.  He hesitated.  Logic was telling him that they were better safe than sorry, at least until he could get a legitimate vasectomy and stop relying on one that he'd gotten at a shady clinic for virtually nothing at all. But instinct was telling him to screw logic, screw his omega, fuck him bareback, take him and knock him up, give him twins or even triplets--
As Natasha parked the car efficiently, Steve glanced over at Tony and briefly down at his chest. "Do you want me to carry... I mean, do you want to lean on me?" he asked, tone completely genuine. If Tony was in pain he wanted to help.
Tony had learned that the only real way to handle a panic attack was to ride it out.  This was something Pepper was great at.  She never crowded him; she hovered by and usually chanted a mantra Tony found easy to follow.
Tony disagreed; he felt deeply, deeply responsible and guilty.  But he didn't argue because he was feeling so cold and sick to his stomach that he was worried he'd vomit if he opened his mouth.  So instead he nodded and tried to look like he actually believed what Nadine was saying.
On the other end, Phil frowned at the phone.  It seemed like an odd question to ask out of the blue.  He was at his desk in the JDE Mission Facility; he turned to his computer and went to check his e-mails.
"Absolutely not," said Tony.  "Steve, there's a swarm of vultures- sorry, I meant reporters- standing outside this hospital waiting for us to leave.  I don't want to look hurt.  Besides,  I'm
As much as Steve was freaking out, so was Tony.  He felt responsible, too. Donner looked just like Steve and picturing Donner being handed off to Bennett was as bad as picturing Steve himself.
Tony spotted the drink in his hand and glared, checking his watch.  It wasn't even nine in the morning yet.  He felt the back of his neck bristle.
Back in the forties, female Alphas, because they were female, weren't like this.  Females were expected to be deferential toward men in the same way that omegas were expected to be deferential toward Alphas.  Consequently, most of the Alphas that tried to take advantage of Steve were men; before the serum, no woman had ever given him a second glance.  Post-serum, of course, they were drawn to him like flies. Status aside, Steve was, as Tony had once enviously put it, a "beefcake."
Pepper was hovering by a bank of television, eyeing them sternly.  "Tony!  ...Tony, are you-- are you watching this?"
"Iron Man with an iron deficiency?  That's the stupidest thing I've ever heard.  I'm just cooling off, these lights are hell. Plus, Steve's like, a million degrees," said Tony, pressed against Steve's body.
The two of them both stepped back with an embarrassed smile, but it was too late; Christine was watching them with unconcealed journalistic delight.
Tony's heart jumped into his throat and he hurried into the main cabin.  Steve was sitting there, looking perfectly fine, but Tony couldn't shake the sense of unease.  "Steve!" he croaked, practically flinging himself at the omega.  "Are you okay?  I felt-- I felt--"
Bucky felt happy when Steve took his hand.  His fingers traced Bucky's palm and Bucky shot him a tiny smile.
Well.  It had been a big deal to Tony.  Considering how angry Steve had gotten him for wanting a side beta, Tony felt like it was unfair that Steve wouldn't mention that Tony hadn't been his first.  Tony felt
...Steve, Bob Marley is a famous musician," he added.  It was becoming second nature to explain things to Steve.  "So what do you want?"
?  That HYDRA was targeting him as a source for something that wanted, something only Steve had, and they'd stop at nothing to get it?  That Steve had been shot?  For Tony, those were much more pressing concerns.
Steve rolled his eyes. "You make it sound like I took him on a picnic, Tony. I drove for over ten hours straight. I took him to a safe house, and then Fury took him away. Yes, I told you to back off on our bond.  I was mad, okay? And stressed. Very stressed. Surprisingly enough, being in a car with him was very taxing."  Steve paused.  He didn't want to be sarcastic.  That wouldn't help things.  Gentler, he said, "I think the problem is... that we don't talk about it enough. I'm scared of talking about Bucky because I don't want to upset you. But I think instead it just made you anxious about how
The soldier stared at him blankly.  How could they have been bonded? The soldier was unsure they'd ever even met before, aside from recently.  Was this a trick?
And of course, there was the small matter of what had happened in Afghanistan, but Tony planned to take that particular secret to his grave.
"I said I'm sorry.  I'm sorry about what they did to you.  I didn't know." Tony walked over and slipped an arm around Steve, the liquor making him a lot more emotional than he'd normally be.  "I didn't know any of this. I'm an Alpha, I've always been around Alphas, it's only 'cause of Steve I know anything. But now I want to help fix things for you guys.  It's not fair, how omegas are treated. I wanna help."
And stupid because he still cared, a lot more than he wanted to admit.  Ever since his confrontation with Justin, Tony had been trying to deny how desperately he wanted the blond.  Even now, deep down, Tony knew he'd still fight over Steve, still defend him if he felt threatened.
"Could we use the connection to try and locate Barnes?" Fury asked, stepping forward, his eyes fixed on the scientist. "Is there a way to strengthen it, somehow?"
"Well, turns out someone just booked me a holiday which is pretty sweet," Aria said and then reached over to gently punch his bicep. "I'd grovel about how 'you shouldn't have' but we totally earned it.  Oh, and Saturday Night Live wants you. I'm thinking at the end of this month?"
"Steve! Steve! We're leaving!" Banksy stuck his head out and waved a hand, drawing them both back inside. The babies had been returned to their parents and Aria was taking down everyone's' personal contact details. "We'll leave you two to it; I imagine you must be very busy. And we'll get on everything for Friday."  Banksy pulled him into a tight hug. "We're here for you. Don't ever forget that. You're not alone," he murmured in his ear and then pulled back with an almost sad smile on his features. Boswell shook his hand and didn't hung him, his fingers dry against Steve's warm palm. Jeff also hugged him and Ty offered him an awkward but sentimental pat on the shoulder.
"Yeah, basically.  Bonding occurs when you break open the cluster of glands on the back of the neck of the omega and release a bunch of hormones--"
"Okay, Steve, all you really need to do is tail Tony and pretty much keep him in line.  Piece of cake.  That means no more than four drinks an hour--" Pepper was saying.
"Go south.  Turn right at the second light," he instructed Steve.  Steve's phone pinged again.  "...okay, seriously, what's going on?  Nat's been texting you all day under the table.  I'm not blind, you know.  Are you guys talking about me?  Is this about the simulation?  I think I did pretty okay.  I'm sorry that my subconscious doesn't trust you.  I mean, I'm really trying here, Steve, I love you, but in fairness, you lied to me for weeks about who you were, so I think those feelings are sorta justified, you know?  But I swear, Steve, I'm really happy we're bonded and you know I love you, right?  You can feel that.  I'm sorry the simulation made you out to be a spy... I don't know what the hell that was.  It's just, you know, your brain goes some real dark places, and--"  Tony trailed off.  He shrugged helplessly and squeezed Steve's hand.  "--anyways, let's grab some nachos and tequila and put this behind us.  I definitely think I did really well.  ...hell, maybe they're gonna make me the new captain."  He shot Steve a grin.
Her hands were out and the blond on the roof was knocked over, skittering dangerously close to the edge of the roof.
"Which one is Nixon?" Steve asked, feeling a little loss with his cup of eggnog. Aria patted his arm.
. He was shaking in Tony's arms. The confident man who'd been talking about Alphas and collars and public heat hostels was gone. With every passing minute Steve appeared to be withdrawing into himself, tucking his face against Tony's neck.
He wanted to speak out to Bucky but he didn't, scared he might snap Bucky into actually following a command. So Steve just waited, pressed up against the glass on the opposite side of the cage as if that would somehow protect him.
"Na-night Tony," he told him and then pulled back. Steve changed into his own gym gear and grabbed his phone and one of the suite's door keys before stepping out into the living room. DeSoto was looking increasingly confused.
The doctor shifted a little uncomfortably.  "Well. I've been working closely with SHIELD and we have... a partial solution."
Tony huffed and obediently walked into the kitchen.  Everyone was stepping over pieces of marble and getting breakfast at what was left of the counter.  Tony sidled up behind Steve and wrapped his arms around his waist, pressing his cheek against Steve's back.  "Hiya."
Steve smiled a little at Five's question. "Maybe he's still a little unhinged, but in a good way. It's true that Tony used to be more...adventurous. But we've kind of settled down now, both of us. And no he's nothing like the media portrays him.  At least not anymore. He treats me right."
Piper showed up with two drinks; she offered one to Eric and one to Tony.  Red wine. Tony sipped; it was a Merlot with a dry finish. Not bad.
." And Steve was swearing again as Tony rolled his hips and fucked into him. He felt like he was on fire, like he was lighting up inside. Steve saw stars. His breath was hitching as Tony murmured sweet nothings to him, his beard against the omega's skin rough and pleasantly so. He wanted to respond with something equally sweet but Steve couldn't quite get his mouth to work. He still couldn't quite believe this was happening. It felt surreal, like he was floating, like he was high.
When Tony crooked his fingers inside of him Steve saw stars and he came moments later. He moaned loudly as he came undone in Tony's mouth, his fingers leaving fresh dents in the table. "Ah..." He slumped against the bench, his legs shaking a little as they really did threaten to give way.
Donner ignored them.  "Of course I don't know if it's an Alpha or an omega either.  If it's an omega, I think Crystal or Ladybug would be pretty."
Steve lifted up a piece of broken scaffold and tossed it aside so a couple of stagehands could run past.. "You guys stay safe. I'm gonna work out what the hell is going on," he told them and then lifted his phone to his ear again. "Nat? You on your way?"
Steve responded almost before Tony had finished talking; a second later, they came to a sharp stop almost perfectly in front of the restaurant, Il Cielo.  It was surprisingly small; it looked more like a house than a restaurant.  The front patio was all brick and there were several small tables covered in white table cloths; the steep eaves were hung with strings of fairy lights, giving it the air of a small village fete instead of a restaurant.  A large window showed a cozy interior.
out of control.  It creates a paradox, see?  I'll say, 'Steve would like to speak to you,' and they'll be like, shit, I don't want to talk to an omega but I can't tell Steve not to since his mate's ordering him to... their heads will totally explode.  It'll be amazing."
Bucky had never made him kneel. He'd asked for it a few times, like Tony did. But he would have never
"Of course. Mum's the word though," Joey held a finger to his lips and winked. "You need any help over here, anything we can do... you  just let us know."
Pepper hummed; neither she nor Aria had ever seen Donner but both Tony and Steve had explained to her Donner's appearance, how everyone thought it was "cute" that he was an omega Captain America.  Of course, now that Steve's real status was known, Donner was only a pale substitute. No doubt the Alphas interested in him were ones with a Captain America fetish, ones who enjoyed the sensation of bullying an "uppity" omega.  The tragedy was that Donner was anything but uppity. He was a gentle, compliant omega, one who'd been thoroughly indoctrinated to think his role was to be submissive and subservient. Tony didn't know the guy's history but he knew that Donner had been purchased at an auction at seventeen or eighteen by Malick, and he guessed that Donner was like George, that he had gone to an omega school where he was taught good housekeeping and that he had been bonded without any question as to whether or not it was normal.  Unlike George, Donner didn't seem like the type who would glorify in being let go by his Alpha.
He lifted his leg in the air and then crushed the ankle bracelet between his fingers like it was made of nothing more than play dough.
"Right, well, we don't serve drinks on hospital wards, Mr. Stark," Dr. Martin sighed and flicked through her notes. "Captain Rogers, I need to check your burns, and then Stark, I need to check your foot. Who’s going first?"
"We'll look after each other," said Tony, and offered Ty a hand.  They gave each other a friendly shake. Tony was getting used to the creepiness of his smell.
"Hey, JARVIS, why can't I find anything about Jarvis in all these old records?" asked Tony.  He managed to dig up a ledger that included airfare for seven to Colorado. Ah, yes. Howard, Maria, Jarvis, Ana, Tony, Lupita, and Aliyah, all taking a winter ski vacation.  At least that was something. "Any idea what Dad paid him? You'd think that would be front and center. I mean, Jarvis and Ana did basically everything around here."
Tony was already staggering toward the house, clearly still drunk.  Pepper sighed and rifled through her clutch for an aspirin. Beth had a look that was a mixture of pity and nostalgia.
"I don't think you're capable of behaving yourself," Steve hummed, trailing a few fingers down Tony's chest. He shivered as the other trace over the scar, now even more prominent ever since the mess of the inducer on the HYDRA base. He nudged their noses together gently and then ducked his head down to nip his bottom lip. Steve smiled against his mouth. "But I like you that way."
He looked down.  He wanted to apologize for his father but didn't know how and didn't think it would mean anything, anyway.  His father had been dead for a quarter of a century
"He asked your for help, Steve," Natasha pointed out softly, her words so gentle in comparison to everyone else’s that all heads turned her way. She stood calmly, her back soldier-straight and expression pensive. "And he did it while smelling like... well.  I don't need to explain to you what this looks like."
"You understand we need this to be a covert operation, to give us the best chance of getting Steve out alive?" asked Sam.
Tony huffed, aware of a prickling on the back of his neck.  Thinking about it made him angry. He didn't want to be angry, and he didn't want to think about it.  It was over and Tony had always considered denial to be one of the best ways to deal with things. Besides... Tony wasn't interested in getting involved in a dominance battle.  He knew he'd lose. Tony wanted to define the rules so that he would win; he wanted to do what Bucky couldn't, be there for his omega. If Steve chose Tony, consciously, then who cared what the damned mark looked like... right?
"You not gonna tell me about what it was like revisiting the forties for the weekend?" Sam teased gently. Steve could hear rustling in the background,; perhaps he was eating chips.
He was dressed in his shirt and boxers now, but that was all. "Hey," Steve murmured as he sat down next to him, placing a hand on Tony's shoulder. "Time to wake up. I got dinner."
He decided to take a leaf from Phil's book and act as passive-aggressively as possible.  Phil was really starting to annoy him.  He wondered if Phil had any sort of weird power he didn't know about; if he hit Phil or tried to boss him around, would Phil suddenly reveal some crazy talent?  Shoot lasers out of his eyes?
"...breakfast is here," he reported to Steve.  "...plus a bunch of fanmail for you, apparently.  And someone sent flowers."
"Okay, I'm going to try to lure them away from the Expo," said Tony.  "JARVIS is still trying to get into the mainframe."
A glass of wine in his hand, Tony stood in front of the fire with a tablet, pulling up the story.  The living room was dark except for the fireplace. The fire cast long shadows. The orchids stood silently; everyone looked happy, curled onto the couch.  Tony, always a showboat, insisted on standing in front of them to read the story, but he'd been drinking through dinner and parts of it were a bit slurred.
Tony peeled off his wrinkled tux, dumping it unceremoniously on the floor, and crawled into bed next to him, putting an arm around him.  "Hey," he whispered.  He kissed Steve's shoulder.  "Talked to Pep.  She's getting an... omegologist to come see you.  About... the thing.  To make sure you're okay."  He paused.  "...you okay?"
If Steve hadn't been so stuck in his own head he might have noticed something was a little off with Tony. But right now his thoughts were racing at a lightning speed and he felt sick. Steve's hands shook but calmed a little at Tony's touch again.
So Steve was saying he wanted it.  But he hadn't wanted Tony while he was in heat.  But now that he wasn't, he did.  It made no sense to Tony but he didn't dare ask; he was drunk, he'd look like an idiot.  He wasn't even sure if Steve did want him. Maybe Steve was just a hopeless flirt.  Tony didn't peg him as one, but then again, he hadn't realized he was Captain America, either.  Clearly, his judgement regarding Steve was poor.
Steve was basically working nonstop until the party after that. He and Tony avoided each other, not so subtly, but no one brought it up either. Steve threw himself into his work and Tony holed himself up in either his office or, at home, in his shop.  Steve managed to finish up his Avengers report and sent it to Fury the very evening of the party. His time with Stark industries was coming to an end, and he had to admit that he would be sad to go after everything. He would miss Pepper and Happy.
A woman with dark hair appeared and her attire told Steve she was a singer. She was a beta and her outfit was mostly pink and sparkles. "Captain America!" The woman bounded over to him. "I'm so excited to meet you! This fundraiser was an amazing idea!" Her voice got alarmingly high-pitched.
The amount of blood they took made him feel woozy. Steve knew that if, by some miracle, he did escape that he would have to eliminate those samples. He'd been an idiot. He'd let them take his blood; who knew what they'd be able to do with it. How could he do this to his country? He was so fucking selfish.
Four or five days of uninterrupted fucking beat snowboarding any day.  Tony gave Steve a couple of sharp thrusts to push him over the edge.
"A touching story," said Pierce.  "...and surprising, that you weren't already bonded, Captain.  Considering the era you grew up in."
Steve frowned when Tony mentioned missing alcohol. But then, Steve guessed, that meant he hadn't been drinking, which was a good thing, right?
Normally, when a team member was hurt, they’d have gotten news by now, but whenever a nurse passed them, they gave them nothing but furtive glances, filled with pity.
Tony stumbled into the room with messy hair and was wearing a hoodie that was far too big for his frame – it was Steve’s hoodie then, Natasha noted. She got up from the table to dish another bowl for Tony, who joined them at the table. Steve passed Tony a mug of coffee – because of course Steve had made Tony a coffee, whilst Natasha passed Tony his porridge and sat back down. He nodded towards Natasha, and smiled softly towards Steve.
Tony’s face fell slack, his eye’s going almost comically wide. “Really?” He asked, his voice so full of fear it broke Steve heart.
It had been a look Tony had seen a lot in his life, but not a lot recently, which was… A lot of things really. “Please,” Steve said. “Call me Steve.”
“This feels almost like it’s an historic moment. Steve Rogers is introducing Tony Stark to something new in the 21
“Oh hardy-har,” Tony said, a small grin tugging on his lips, it was almost surreal to be bantering like this, but Tony found he rather enjoyed it, it was almost like old times. “At least this old man wasn’t taught how to use tech.”
Tony was pulled from the concrete below, an arm wound around his torso and another around hand his chest, clutching Tony’s shoulder. The world shifted around him, like it was physically shifting to an upright position in front of his very eyes. His legs, which had been weak just a second earlier, buckled beneath him, but still they stabilised.
At the ring of the bell, Kamala paused, and met his gaze, her eyes almost comically popping out of her skull. “Omg.”
Tony shook his head, his heart sinking. God he was terrible with kids, of course she assumed he was going to steal it. “Nah, I’ll leave my wallet here, it’s not like I can leave without it.”
Tony wrapped his arms around Steve and Thor, standing on his tip toes to walk between them. “We’re under the café I think, or the green house next to it. No one above will notice this is here.”
“Eh, I’ve seen photo’s,” Tony said, he wandered over to one of his car’s, at this moment he didn’t really care which one he drove, he just wanted to be the one driving. “So barring my exceptional style,” he patted the hood of his Maserati. “We ready to go?”
Steve nodded, keeping his eyes on him. Then he was there—Tony could see it in the flutter of his eyelids, the opening of his mouth. Tony gritted his teeth and closed his eyes, and felt Steve resting his face against Tony’s neck as he shuddered inside him.
And yet, he hadn’t wanted to go. It had to do with DUM-E and the dozen allnighters Tony had pulled off in those last weeks, but it was also… Steve.
“Come on,” Tony called, pointing towards the elevator. “Bruce had an idea. And the others are already waiting. Let’s get to work, Cap.”
“He’s just nervous,” Tony interjected. “Come on, darling, I know you wanna, you said so yourself. And I know for a fact that it’ll make papa very happy.”
Hastily, Steve pulled up the shield and sat it down on the holder on his back. The elevator soared higher to the Triskelion’s top level. He leaned back against the glass wall, smiling peaceably and letting his mind drift back for a minute, unable do to anything but.
They fell silent for a long moment, and Tony saw Rhodey opening his mouth a couple of times, obviously not knowing how to say whatever he wanted to say.
“You’ve GOT to be kidding me,” he repeated, realization dawning on him, then went to pick up his tablet that was still linked to DUM-E’s protocols.
Tony bit his lower lip, looking as troubled as was humanly possible. His gaze dropped to their joined hands. “You’ll hate me.”
“He…” Tony started, swallowing. He didn’t like to lie to Rhodey, but then again, he couldn’t possibly tell him the truth.
. You… you keep on creating all these marvels, and I’m standing next to you and most of the time, I can’t even find words for how amazing you are. Extremis might’ve made you more efficient, but that’s just a limitation of technology you have to deal with, it doesn’t say a single thing about you.
In the next night, Tony once again sat on the edge of the bed. Today, however, his eyes were very serious when Steve stepped out of the shadows.
Rolling his eyes, Steve leaned into the kiss. Obviously Tony'd joke about it, and Steve couldn't bring himself to really mind at the moment. He had Tony's entire naked body splayed under him, hot skin against hot skin. All he wanted was to move things forward.
All things considered, Steve didn’t look too bothered by the whole thing. It had been annoying, sure, but also kind of liberating. They all knew now, and while they might tease them about it occasionally, it was clear they wouldn’t really object.
Natasha arched a brow, picking at the layer of polish on her thumbnail. “And what makes you think that?”
"You were… distracted. By me. It's nothing we can fix now." Steve reached up, looking at Tony as he set a hand on his shoulder. "We did what we could, yeah?"
For the longest moment, Steve simply stood inside Tony’s room, taking everything in. And not for the first time, Tony wondered what he’d seen in 2022. Had this room been
Natasha smiled softly, watching as Steve’s own smile grow into a bigger, dopier grin as he spoke about Tony. Half of her wanted to smack him on the back of the head for not realising he was feeling this earlier, because
Something occurred to him.  Steve had lied to him, lied about who he was and who he was working for.  Maybe he'd also lied about having an Alpha.  Maybe she was his Alpha.  There was no denying her dominance.  She oozed it.  Hell, Tony felt like an omega himself, being near her.  No wonder Steve had been spurning him.  Who would want a guy on death's door with a chest that looked like hamburger meat when you could shack up with this stunning creature?  He wasn't paired-bonded, but that didn't mean they might not be fucking.
But Steve had also remembered that fear. That raging fear of men smacking him against walls in back alleys before Bucky had appeared. The fear of Schmidt dragging him to the ground. The fear he'd felt when he was in Tony's simulation and he'd thought he was an angel. And Bucky,
"This is a Wakandan variety you will not find anywhere else," said T'Chaka.  "We call it Panther's Eye. You see, the petals are black, but each have two yellow spots, here... like a panther's."
It wasn't that Steve wasn't into it; Tony could smell his arousal, could see his half-hardened length.  But there was also an inexplicable sense of reluctance and Tony wasn't sure why.
"Oh, dear.  That's a bit... older than we usually accept.  Our program is for children ages ten to seventeen," said Francine.  "Naturally, by bonding age, it's a bit trickier to imprint roles on them."
"He's sixteen, Maria, what did you expect?" said Howard, looking entirely nonplussed.  He took a sip of his drink.
Once they got the press off their backs, Tony wanted to slip back into their domestic routine.  Work in the shop, on his suit and his cars, safe in his isolation.  He was glad he had a home gym; he didn't want Steve leaving again.  He knew he was being paranoid, but his paranoia was perfectly reasonable, in his opinion.  The thought that Steve had left the house and that Tony might have never seen him again made his blood curdle.  He needed to get back to the safety of their day-to-day life.  And even though he knew that Steve was very likely itching to go do field work for SHIELD, he was willing to bet that SHIELD wasn't planning on sending him anywhere anytime soon... not after seeing how badly HYDRA wanted him.
Steve swallowed. "It's...er..." He locked gaze with Tony and sighed. He walked over and tugged the orange juice carton out of Tony's hands. "That's rude, you know," he told him, words without bite as he raised a brow at the Alpha. "Sorry- Clint. I'm kind of busy right now, but text me later, yeah?"
"I'm stealing that story," said Tony, who looked delighted with the idea of laughing so hard one could get an olive up the nose.
"Hey... guys... can you, um, can you see about tracking down an Ashtray and a Trickshot?  They were two omegas that were sold to those camps," said Tony, casting a glance around the room.
Tony's morning wood was making a small tent in the sheets. Steve had had this thing inside of him; it really shouldn't have intimidated him. But he still found himself blushing a little, his cheeks turning pink. He looked up at Tony. His Alpha definitely wanted him to do this. Right. Okay...
Pepper, Aria, and Jeanette walked over.  Despite being betas, all three could immediately sense the tension in the air.
The lights were still down as Steve pressed on, opening a set of doors to find trails of long, empty corridors. The quiet was almost eerie. Someone surely must have found a guard's body by now; they must have been aware they were under attack. Which meant now they were on the defensive.
He felt the energy leak out of him, like water out of a hole punched in a bag, and he slithered down onto the floor, empty.  For a split second he had felt good, felt whole. Felt... something. Anything. Now it was gone and he was here without any orders whatsoever, no idea of where to go or who to obey.
"Yes! You look awesome!" Jed said, appearing as they emerged out of the tent. She was clearly very excited, bouncing up and down on either foot. "Come on. Breakfast is this way. It's basically just cereal and toast.  So we'll go over our final plan of action after breakfast. Then we get into the minivans and we go. Some of us will have to walk back because we could not afford enough vehicles to take all of
It was her, Pepper's, and Aria's hope that, thanks to his metabolism, Steve would sober up rapidly.  Perhaps it was wishful thinking. All three of them were aware that Steve, drunk, had the potential to be dangerous and that if he didn't want to be controlled, it would be impossible to do so.  Fortunately he seemed pliable, at least for now. With Tony's attention back on him, he was his usual self. But having no idea what he'd taken or how much he'd had, Tony's entourage was wary.
He'd seen the news. Aria had been sending him articles she thought he might be interested in. He wasn't. Steve wasn't going to talk about it. Once they went to the Alpha conference everything would become blindingly clear. Besides, he was sick of having to defend himself to the rest of the world.
"A new element.  Badassium.  Named after yours truly.  Okay, see you at brunch, Larchmont Village, tomorrow at ten.  Ciao, Peppercorn!"
"Because I don't want to do this. I would rather die than do this. Let them harvest me; I don't care. I have nothing waiting for me outside of this HYDRA base. Tony doesn't want me. You're not capable of really wanting. I don't even belong here. I should be dead anyway," Steve said quietly, his gaze fixed on the glass ahead of him.
It was quiet for a little while. The room filled only with the sounds of their breathing. Steve didn't open his eyes.
He floated back onto his back, holding the beer on his stomach.  The bottle was already perspiring under the sun.  Tony felt slightly uncomfortable, having his unusual lifestyle highlighted, because he knew perfectly well that Steve had grown up in a crappy one-bedroom tenement building in Brooklyn and had probably always done everything for himself.  The idea was baffling to Tony; he had no idea how to iron a shirt or wash a dish or sort out recyclables or tune a piano or dust a mantle-place or any of that stuff.  He took it for granted that he could throw laundry on the floor and leave empty take-out boxes in the shop and that they would mysteriously take care of themselves.  He didn't even know if he had a hamper; clothes and dishes and trash blinked in and out of existence in the Stark household without a second thought.
, why weren't those records digitized?  ...how the hell can all the servers be dedicated to one fucking algorithm?  Who's in charge of IT? I've got a super soldier who's setting fires instead of studding whelps and-- hold on, I've got another call on line three--"
"Thank you," said Donner, turning his head to look at Steve.  He gave a brave smile, wincing. He stretched a hand out for Steve's.
"I'm-- I'm sorry.  I don't want to do this anymore," said Number One, sounding embarrassed.  He let out an awkward little cough, then edged off the stage gracelessly. The people in the crowd parted for him like the Red Sea for Moses; it was like he was suddenly toxic.  The people in the room mostly looked stricken, like he had just had a violent outburst. Some looked concerned, like he might be mentally ill or something.
Steve had mentioned he'd been here once before, during the Roosevelt years.  Tony doubted much had changed.  The White House was a living museum and all the furniture had an antiquated look around it.  Also, politics always catered to the more conservative class; trios were far more common in DC than in LA.  Politicians were usually Alphas or betas, and they paired up with other Alphas and betas.  But certainly Alphas would also bond to one (or sometimes two) omegas, who would live in the shadows as PAs or permanent interns.  In this regard, having a butler who was an Alpha was actually pretty progressive of Ellis.  But now that Tony was aware of how omegas were treated, he couldn't help noticing that most of the servers were omegas.
"And then I woke up. Tony thought I was trying to kill him and he made a suit hold me down for about an hour."
"No hard feelings," Steve repeated softly and stared down at their fingers tangled together. Bucky's skin was a touch darker; he'd been exposed to more sun. "That's kind of him. I could have caused permanent damage."
Steve just wanted to get down there already. He kept remembering Seven nearly crying, curled in on himself on the floor, and he knew that's who they had to try and save. If it came to that, which it probably would. Steve didn't even know his real name. Jesus.
Steve just groaned from the other side of the door and slammed his fist against it. The wood creaked. He knew Tony wanted to have him. And he wanted to give himself to him. He needed to. His body ached for it.
Steve sighed contently as Tony's lips dragged over his abdomen. That was common routine, as was Tony stroking him. The foreplay had certainly improved over the period of their relationship, especially as Tony grew more comfortable with Steve's body and as Steve worked out what the hell to actually do. But
We're not going to kill every single HYDRA agent we see.  We kill the minimum that we have to, and then we capture the rest. That's the way it's done, Tony, because we're
knows the meaning of the word consent," said Tony.  "But we'll call back right now. Can you tell Donner to get his ass up here?"
"Yes," Steve agreed. "But they still have a choice. The problem is, in heat, it's hard to make thought-out decisions, which is why you should really get consent
"I think we just buy him. We can't risk sabotaging the project... but we can still put a wire on Rhodey. We just can't use it until my birthday.  ...listen, it's not just your fault, Tony.  This is all Malick's doing. It's not your fault the man had some weird obsession with me," Steve muttered. "Did you see the way he looked at me?"
"Right." He swallowed loud enough for Steve to hear, obviously still very upset. "Well. Happy birthday, Steve."
They spent the next two hours on the sofa before Steve finally managed to convince Tony they needed water and food and sleep. He took his round of pills before they both finished off the sandwiches and stumbled into their bedroom. If Steve were less out of it he might have noticed that Pepper had cleaned up but he was dazed and only really had eyes for Tony.
"...Omegle Office," mumbled Tony into his crust, and someone next to him chuckled.  Tony wiped his hands onto his shirt unceremoniously. "Welp, I'm ready to go. I've got a lot of work to do."  He had eaten the crust only, after licking away the sauce; the cheese and toppings were still on his pants. He stood and they scattered to the floor; Tony seemed oblivious.  "Steve, how many more pizzas d'you gotta eat before you're done?"
“It wasn’t an insult.  I think it’s kind of cute, actually,” said Tony, propping his elbow up on his desk and smirking a little wider at Steve.  He had to admit, getting under his new assistant’s skin was excellent sport.  He couldn’t quite figure out his deal, but he knew which buttons to push, and Tony was someone who couldn’t resist pushing a big, red button when it was just sitting there in front of him.  “Uppity omegas happen to be my favorite kind,” he continued.  “I like them spirited.  It’s, you know… precious.  Like when you see a dog in a sweater, you know?”  Tony picked his phone up again and went back to playing Tetris.  He had every intention of being late for his meeting and then blaming Steve, just to see what would happen.  Tony liked pushing boundaries as much as he liked pushing buttons; the best way to discover limits was to surpass them. In this sense, cars, people, and flying mech suits were surprisingly similar.
"We're still working through the blood samples. But to know if we can get results from might take months, or years.  We've been working with the serum samples from the eighties without any success."
Steve felt like he was floating. His consciousness ebbed out and in but Tony remained constant. He would squirm every time he became aware of his surroundings once more, whimpering and begging underneath Tony until he filled him up again and he was lulled into a half sleep. He would still squirm, even in his sleep, wriggling around Tony's knot as if he was just trying to get comfortable.
Brooke reached over to run a hand down his arm.  "...I think it's sweet how humble you are. I'm sure you hear this all the time, but there's a lot of omegas out there you're really helping."  She pressed a little closer. "...you're probably sick of getting thanked... but here I am... wanting to thank you just like everyone else... wanting to..."  She leaned in a little more. "...show my gratitude..." She tangled her hand into Steve's. Her fingers were the opposite of Tony's; his were rough and calloused.  Hers were impossibly soft.
Had he gotten through to the auctionees? Shit. If they setting up the stage... probably not. Steve's heart sank.
was in charge.  He'd never put Steve in his place and this, he supposed, was the natural consequence of that.  Steve was an uppity, demanding, spoiled omega who thought he had the right to tell Bucky where they were going and what they were doing and when they were mating.  Bucky was hoping this bad behavior was just a consequence Steve being upset by that Tony fellow, and once he'd calmed down a little, he would perhaps start acting normal.
No, Rogers was not deployed on anything, not anything on the books, anyway.  There was an e-mail alert from Level 8 informing him that Cryo Tank 5 had abnormal readouts.
Judy appeared and peeled the bottle of whiskey from Tony's hand.  "Mr. Stark, public inebriation is--"
His mouth still tasted bitter.  He tried to ignore that, focus on the post-coital afterglow, on the physical sensations, on relearning Steve's new smell as desirable.  He'd briefly entertained the idea that maybe, somehow, Bucky being in cryo would be like Bucky being dead and Steve's body would go back to being
Tony shrugged inelegantly, then offered, "Well, they're the ones who need it the most, aren't they?"
Steve moved to sit on Tony's sofa. He could smell the alcohol in his coffee. He wondered if the bite mark had helped given Tony the confidence to do this, if 'fixing' the way Steve smelt meant he could more easily go all 'Alpha' on DeSoto.
"But you didn't. He didn't. Whatever," Sam sighed and looked down at him with a worried look on his features. "Don't worry. We'll work this out. We have the best people on this, you know SHIELD."
Tony shook Louis's hand.  "Well, we couldn't have really done it in the studio.  Steve's heats come on fast. Sorry 'bout my dick," he added.
Tony didn't want to frighten him by telling him about Vanko.  He'd just have to keep Steve safe until he had more information.
"Hi, Steve. Been a while," Bucky said, and—without any reservations—leaned over and wound his arm around Steve’s neck. Steve hugged him back, tightly. He should’ve known that even three years of absolute radio silence wouldn't sever a friendship like theirs. Even the incident that had cost Bucky so much.
“You and I, we’re going to have so much fun together,” he said, shaking his head a little at the prospect. They’d live together, eat and sleep together, brush their teeths next to one another, and go grocery shopping together. They’d do all those domestic things, and he couldn’t wait for it.
Tony grinned. “Not sure that’ll make a difference, but feel free to tell him that—loudly, so everyone can hear you. I’d love to see the look on his face.” Tony turned around and frowned at the sunlight hitting the foot of the bed. “You better toddle downstairs. I’ll meet you in debriefing?”
“Too personal?” his Tony asked, while Steve leaned closer to the holograph, looking down into Tony’s beautiful, yet very young features.
Steve rolled his eyes. “It’s neither,” he said. “And thanks for that.” He cleared his throat. “Tony actually told me he’ll visit for Thanksgiving.”
Several shots later, Tony started to wonder if he was going to be able to stay on the barstool much longer. It felt as if it was tilting wildly, and things around him had started to get blurry.
Tony hummed to show he’d heard. They’d been sitting here for about an hour already, just biding their time until they could move through the castle unnoticed. They‘d split up into groups of twos and threes, and Tony hadn‘t been too surprised anymore when Steve had decided to come with him.
“Yeeaah,” Clint drawled, clapping a hand on Cooper’s shoulder and already pressing two steaming mugs in Tony’s hands. “Guess Uncle Tony is right about that, buddy.”
"I know this is all very exciting, but it's also none of your business," Steve voiced, giving each person in the room other than Tony a stern look. "Besides, I was under the impression that you guys wanted to wrap up the meeting, so let's focus on that." He had no patience for teasing, and Tony looked a little miffed by all the attention. Funny, since Steve thought Tony loved attention, but that didn't change the fact that he was visibly unhappy with it.
Steve scratched his neck, nodded. “Yeah, like I promised.” He stepped aside and motioned for Tony to come into the room, pretending not to notice when Tony’s eyes swept over the room, checking the windows and corners twice.
“You’re gonna regret this in the morning, hm?” Tony whispered after a while. They’d be at the campus in a few moments, and the idea of bringing Steve to the dorm had quickly flown out of the window. Tony had no idea who they’d be running into, and there was no real explanation why Tony would be letting a professor sleep in his room.
Ah, dammit, this hurt. His head was spinning. “Buck,” he groaned, trying to shake the stupor off, and gaining sight slowly when—
Waking up after seventy years felt like such a right of passage. Like something pushing him over a threshold, before emptying a bucket full of cold water right over his head.
Holding Tony close, Steve perched his chin on top of his head and nodded his agreement to what Tony had to say. He definitely wasn't going to wait this long to get intimate with Tony again, either. He wasn't even sure he wanted Tony to leave tonight, which at this point, he suspected might be Tony's intention.
“Thor said it was storm season,” Bruce added. “He was worried you wouldn’t find shelter. The planet mostly consists of—”
Steve grinned. He pulled off his uniform top and the shirt beneath, throwing it in the grass before leaning down to the water. He scrubbed himself with military efficiency, and only when he realized Tony had gotten completely quiet, he looked up.
She drew a slow deep breath, nodding curtly. “We know him,” she said, then pulled her shoulders back. “He’s ex KGB. One of the best in the business. Clint and I met him on a few missions. Your shooter, he’s… he’s credited with over two dozen assassinations in the last fifty years. Most of the intelligence community doesn’t believe he exists. The ones who do call him
seen Tony do. He’d never even seen his chest, figuring Tony was uncomfortable showing his scars, but now he seemed absolutely fine with it. Unbothered, he walked over to the sink and began washing his face, chest and arms. “I
On the outside, it looked like Barnes slept. But Tony could tell it was a false sense of calm. It wasn’t as though they could call it a coma, per se—not really; there were faint whisperings, and uncontrolled cries at night.
Tony’s body responded to his movements, but he still shook his head. “No,” he managed to say. “But… feel free to keep on… prying.”
A gentle hand came to rest on his arm. There was a long silence, and then Rhodey said quietly, “It was Ross who insisted on that ultimatum—a mistake I didn’t see at that time either…”
Tony knew the time had come when the voices stopped. Rumlow and the HYDRA lackeys headed towards the loading doors that housed the biochemical weapons, leaving only one of his minions with the twins. He heard the loading doors open and then the crash of glass as Clint shot a smoke-arrow in and the screams and the turmoil that resulted. On a silent agreement, Tony and Steve quietly walked through the door into the central room.
It was almost arrogant of Steve to think he could bait Tony like this. Send him a phone, and expect him to break the silence.
. The sweatpants were only mildly interesting, though, since Steve’s bare chest was also littered with dozens of hickeys and scratch marks and that was…
Slowly, Steve walked up the stairway and then further towards the corridor leading to the west wing. He stopped just before the corner, staying very still.
Everything that had happened… He never really took the time to work through that guilt, and Bucky never pressed.
Tony frowned and reached forward to dig in his other pocket. This time he found the right key. Steve held him steady as he unlocked the door. It took several tries, but eventually he got it open. He all but carried Tony inside and set him on the bed, trying to be quiet, so not to wake the others.
Tony carded his fingers through the blonde hair, gently bobbing Steve’s head up and down his length. It wasn’t like Steve needed the encouragement, but by now, he knew Steve liked a little hair-pulling and the general illusion of being controlled like this.
The endearment brought a timid smile to Tony’s lips, which had both Clint and Sam pinch their noses at the exact same moment.
“You’re so responsive,” Tony said with shuddering breaths. His face was flushed, his eyes almost manic with need.
Next to him, Tony shook his head, the hand around Steve’s squeezing him slightly. There was something in his eyes, when he looked at him. Some terrible knowledge. “It’s… okay, this will sound crazy, but there’s really not a good way to break it to you.” He took a deep breath. “Where I am, it’s 1996.”
With a scrambling movement, Tony suddenly clung to the rails of the headboard with one hand, arching his upper body as his other hand reached for his leaking cock. And his breath left Steve in a rush when Tony tensed, his muscles tightening around him like a vice. Steve gasped against his face, then he just couldn’t take it anymore. Raising himself to his knees, he pistoned into Tony, all control lost, thrusting in all the way and just that little bit further, his hips twisting at the end of every stroke so that he hit every sweet spot in Tony’s body with every thrust.
At some point, Wanda and Pietro joined the group, and Steve hid a laugh when Vision immediately hurried over to the table to bring Wanda something to drink.
“He should be in his room, second floor,” Steve called after her, and barely caught her smile before she vanished behind the corner.
Steve flushed, though he immediately hated himself for it. He didn’t want to give Stane the satisfaction of knowing how much his words got to him.
friends with Steve in an admittedly creepy-close way, before you dumped him for whatever reason. Bruce on the other hand, is your random science-project-guy and nothing more. I bet you don’t even know his last name.”
“The Chitauri wasn’t something that couldn’t be destroyed,” he pointed out. “I’m out of my depth. Ultron can hide about everywhere, get into every bit of tech, and come back out of it stronger.”
And Steve missed him. He missed him so much. They had become friends so fast and Tony was… such a great guy. He was the most intelligent person Steve had ever met, and he got so
They would have forever for everything else. To deal with Ross, to find answers to all those numerous questions, to be the heroes this world needed. It was a cool November evening, and for the first time in what seemed an eternity, Steve’s life was cushioned in solace. Bucky cast him a smile when he noticed Steve looking, and Tony was slowly falling asleep in his arms.
“You love it,” Tony said, and even though he tried to not make it sound like one, it was very much a question.
He blinked. Somehow, he hadn’t been expecting that. Had always figured he would either live here or go into prison. “The right decision?” he echoed. “The right…”
Shifting a little, Steve leaned forward, bracketing Tony with his own form. "Before we carry on…" He reached down, running his fingers over the back of one of Tony's hands. "I need to know two things." Because he needed clarity when asking this, and that was quickly slipping away from him.
Rumlow nodded and turned around to the other men. “STRIKE, you heard the Captain. Gear up! Secure channel seven.”
“Eh,” he said as he leaned back, petting the claw gently before letting go entirely. “You know how it is… I had a bit of time left, so…” He waved at DUM-E, internally squealing with delight because he’d actually done it. The bot was working, it was
considered Steve—seeing as how he’d been sure there was no chance in this world and the next that Steve could be thinking about him like that—he had always found him ridiculously attractive.
For some reason, all of these supernatural beings had wormed their ways into Steve’s life. And he hadn’t even noticed.
He walked to the far end of the diner, sat down at a secluded table and stared at the menu for a while. He hadn’t really decided what to get yet when the waitress came to take his order.
Steve turned to smile at him from where he was surveying the book series about Graham Mansion. “What,” he teased. “Don’t tell me you’re a nonbeliever.”
Steve would’ve loved to answer him, but he was too busy gawking, because Tony was only wearing a bathrobe he hadn’t even bothered to tie together and some very tiny, red sleeping shorts. And Steve… he was faced with a muscular, olive-toned chest and legs that left him so distracted that he could not remember why he’d come here in the first place.
“You have Barnes and Sam and Natasha,” Tony said, his knuckles turning white with how hard he was gripping the railing. “You
Steve’s jaw tightened and his body grew tense. He gripped for Ultron’s hands, struggling against the hold. He refused to let Ultron mess with him that easily. “You can try.”
He hadn’t seen him for—what, three whole days? And tomorrow, they were supposed to go to that agency, and they hadn’t even talked about it once.
Tony paused when he noticed Steve’s expression going blank for a second. It took him a moment before he realized what the thoughtful frown on his face was about, and when he did, he felt a weirdly warm feeling spread through his body.
The night went on encompassed in complete silence. Tony sat on the edge of the bed with his back to Steve, while he took a seat in the reading chair. Tony’s shoulders were tense, head down, fingers wringing together. Occasionally, he’d nip from his glass, but didn’t speak again. They just sat, not looking at each other.
He really needed to go. Now. This wasn’t right, especially not with the turmoil of feelings suddenly raging inside Steve’s mind.
Since my update was a day late, have two chapters instead of one.  Also, look up Hadrahmaut for an extra-fun etymology Easter egg!
"The lawyers have compiled cases about every single one of the camps," she explained patiently.  "They'll turn it in tomorrow; meanwhile, teams will be distributed to the camps themselves and set up temporary shelters for the survivors.  We'll be working closely with local law enforcement. The Red Cross will be on site as well to help. The most important thing is documentation.  When we go in, with the warrants, we'll be taking pictures of everything. Every kid gets a rape kit, gets interviewed, every file gets seized. More ammunition for us.  We expect to be able to serve all the warrants simultaneously first thing on July 4th. Since it's a national holiday, they won't be expecting it. That's the idea. Catch them off-guard so we can go in and start making arrests and getting the kids out of there.  Right now, we estimate getting between one and two thousand... I think sixteen hundred is probably the most reasonable estimate. The programs are small, twelve to twenty kids, but of course there may be some... unexpected.... you know."
"Well, you're in the right place!  I majored in World War Two history and I've been working the Steve Rogers exhibit for three years now.  My entire thesis was about him. ...of course, it's probably all completely trash now that he's come out as an omega.  Didn't see
Of course these people would be eyeballing necks, seeing who was bonded and whose hackles were the biggest.  And Tony had drawn attention to it, by wearing the collar. Goddamn, how many of them had noticed, and how many people had they talk to about it?  Was everyone going to think he was a homo like Sam Wilson? Worse, a homo who liked taking the omega role? Would people think that was why Steve was so uppity, why Tony had ended up, against all expectations, with a huge, manly man with sideburns and muscles and a strong jaw, an omega who might just be able to pass as an Alpha... and had, for years, because if you weren't there to smell him, you'd never guess, even with the blond hair.
Steve put his leg up on the dashboard and crushed a small metal box strapped to his ankle.  Bucky watched his out of the corner of his eye. "Hiya, Stevie," he said, then added, unnecessarily, "I'm back."  He had about a million questions. He couldn't remember coming home, how he'd gotten here, when the war had ended, when he'd been discharged, only that he was home now.  He didn't know where Karpov was and had been desperately hoping that somehow Steve might be able to tell him or at least point him in the right direction. He wanted to know where the other Alpha was, if Steve had taken care of him, if Bucky needed to go handle it.  But for now he was content to bask in the familiar presence of his best friend and his omega. Steve's smell was rich and warm and familiar, homey as baking bread. He cast a gooey look over at Steve. He had learned lots at the Smithsonian but the exhibit had also raised a lot of questions, like about who the hell Tony Stark was (maybe Howard had changed his name for some bizarre reason?) and why everyone thought he was dead.  Bucky was pretty sure Stark was Steve's war Alpha, and that was okay, Bucky didn't blame Steve, omegas needed an Alpha to take care of him and it was only natural of Steve to need a war Alpha, especially if he thought Bucky was dead. Bucky was hopelessly confused on the timeline, though. Yes, he'd gone off to war, leaving Steve behind. But then Steve had shown up and had led a special force task unit, hadn't he? So how had Steve come back to the states before him?  Hadn't they been together in Europe during the war? Or was that a false memory?  But certainly Steve had been big only in Europe and he was clearly big now, somehow.  So that part was real, the part where Steve was, inexplicably, a foot taller and as bulky with muscle as an Alpha.  Also, had Steve bonded with that other Alpha before or after he'd been in Europe? Unclear. Didn't matter. Bucky was back now, so the other Alpha was out of the picture. They could just pick up where they left off.
