“Right, but you won’t be playing any rugby while we’re here, so pace yourself,” Sherlock said. The walk back seemed quicker, and Sherlock let them back into the cabin. “I’m going to make tea -- eat whatever you want.”
Sherlock sighed and looked over at John. “This is . . . different -- all this kind of talk,” he said, almost dreamily. “You’ve brought so many changes, John Watson.”
There, that was really all he could do at the moment for work. He needed another distraction. “I’m going to have a cigarette,” he said, getting up and moving to the window.
Sherlock moved them over to the sofa, pushing the pillows to the floor. He sat down, toed off his shoes, and then took off his trousers. He quickly lay down. "Come on," he said quickly. He suddenly felt a little embarrassed and wanted to get back to kissing which felt much better.
"I'll get us something to drink," Sherlock said. He looked over. "I'm nude and I'm going to get up and walk to the kitchen. I just wanted to warn you."
“Not at all,” Sherlock said. “You’re very fit, I think. I’m just wondering if the food thing will be an issue.”
Sherlock thought about how John had changed him in ways that no one knew. Perhaps even John was oblivious to it, but Sherlock knew it. He didn’t want to think about that now, though. Yet he really couldn’t think about the case anymore right now. Why did John have to go out tonight of all nights? If he were here, Sherlock could talk to him about what he did and didn’t find and somehow it would’ve helped him find his answer. He was sure about that, but John had ruined it. When did he make this date anyway? He’d told Sherlock about the interview, why had he kept the date a secret?
“It was that guy, the dark haired one,” Sherlock explained. “He’s wearing a red shirt -- red means murderer, obviously. I mean that’s lesson one of being a detective . . .” He was smiling genuinely -- this is what he’d been missing all day.
Over the next couple days John spent his days finishing up his paper while going to events for his friend on a few nights. He liked keeping busy like this. The tail end of his medical school was busy enough but it was stressful -- he didn't mind the extra work when he could just go out and relax and people watch for a couple hours. His friend was taking a couple days off to work on things in the office, so John was left looking for something to do with himself. He was thinking about going out, but not to a noisy bar like he did for his friend's work. Tonight he needed  somewhere low key and quiet. He took a quick shower and changed his clothes, heading out.
“I’m quite good at it, though I rarely do it,” Sherlock said, doing another spin. “Would you say what we’re doing right now is . . . interesting?”
Mrs Hudson moved into the kitchen. As she got close, Sherlock turned and took a step forward, losing his balance, and starting to fall toward her. She held out her arms to catch him, and he righted himself, wrapping his arms around her and giving her a squeeze. "Thank you," he said quietly. "It's so cold out and John's being mean to me. I just felt I should tell you that." He pulled back and moved over to his chair. "Your turn," he said to John.
John leaned his head closer, a shiver moving through him as Sherlock's breath heated his ear. "You too," he said. "That's a sign you're good at other things," he murmured.
"Then we just keep having amazing sex," John smiled. He shook his head. "I'm teasing. We'll figure it out."
Sherlock smiled as he rested his head down again. “I thought of you at night as well,” he admitted. “I missed seeing your face, hearing your voice.”
“It doesn’t matter . . .” Sherlock said. “Just -- don’t ever leave me.” He hadn’t let go and didn’t want to. Sherlock was oblivious to everything going on around them. “I love you,” he whispered.
Sherlock looked up. “Where did you go?” he asked before realising the answer was obvious. “I’ve eliminated everyone connected to the gallery, John -- there’s only one person left to question.”
"I don't know. In my dream we were quick because it was familiar. Now, I want to know every little thing that drives you crazy," he smiled.
Sherlock hung up the phone. He looked around his room. He was ready to leave. He was ready for this whole experience to end. He grabbed a box and started packing up his books.
"I have checked the blog," Sherlock said. "I already have a Watson. One is enough." He opened his laptop and unlocked it.  He didn't look over at Harry because he knew she was looking at him. He just wanted her to she'd busy herself so they could just stay silent until John got home. "You can turn on the television if you'd like," he said, eyes still down.
"Look, we just have to get through this and if everyone does what they are supposed to do we'll be back to our normal lives in no time."
Sherlock wasn't sure if that was true, but decided not to ask any more about it. He shifted his body a little, trying to get a better angle. “I like what you’re doing,” he said. “No one’s ever done it to me before.” He closed his eyes and lost himself in the kiss and the pleasure of their bodies’ movement. It did feel good – even though he hadn’t spent much time thinking about or desiring this feeling, he could see why John had wanted this. He was glad it was John he was sharing it with. Maybe that’s why it was so good.
John hummed around his mouthful, lifting away to grin at Sherlock before continuing again. He hollowed his cheeks as he came up, sucking harder at the head.
"My offer was sincere," Sherlock said as he handed him a cup of tea. "I don't mind sleeping on the sofa since you have work tomorrow."
"We should be quiet for a bit, I think," Sherlock said wistfully. "But I do want to ask you one thing. Are you drunk?"
"I don't know. . . but when I was there and you called and I heard you . . ." He trailed off and curled his fingers in Sherlock's hair. "Will you kiss me?”
“Right,” Sherlock said. “Well, that may or may not change -- or rather that could be something you do if you care about it being too cluttered because I don’t care about it.”
"Did you go to bed at all?" John asked, flipping on the kettle and leaning against the counter to wait.
John shifted and slowly leaned into Sherlock’s lap. "You don't need the blanket," he said, trailing his finger over Sherlock's chest and down to his stomach.
Sherlock spent most of the night thinking and listening -- John was convinced Harry was done for the night, but Sherlock wasn't quite sure. However, the flat stayed mostly quiet.
Sherlock walked over and sat down next to him. He ordered a whiskey and then sat, staring ahead at all the bottles. “Working tonight?” he asked with turning his head.
John raised his brows but didn't comment on that last bit. "I think it’s relaxing, ending the day like this," he said.
"Everywhere. I'd visit foreign countries and see all the amazing sights. I could come home whenever I wanted unlike when I’m deployed.”
"I . . . so what? I want to help," John said. "Do you mean you're firing me? I can't help with cases anymore?"
"I think Paris sounds wonderful," John said. He stood up and stretched. "I think I will get going, actually. I have work in the morning." He hugged Molly and congratulated her again before looking at Sherlock and Mrs. Hudson. "It was great meeting you both," he said.
Sherlock didn’t say anything, but followed him downstairs to make sure he got out. He locked the door behind him and went upstairs to his bedroom. He had a lot of thinking to do.
“John, I have to tell you something,” Sherlock said, taking a drink. “I don’t understand everything. I want to, I’ve always wanted to, but I don’t.”
Sherlock set his plate to the side. “I’m going to get another drink,” he said. “Would anyone like one?”
John glanced over and saw the look on Sherlock’s face. “You’ll figure it out,” he said. He took a sip of tea. "I mean, do you have to be dead to be a ghost?" he said.
He leaned back again and watched Sherlock, every ounce of energy going towards remaining perfectly neutral. Sherlock tasted like tobacco and tea, and John wanted more, but he'd called his own bluff and now all he could do was try to hide his desire and save face.
Sherlock looked up. “Ready?” he said, sliding his fingers from John’s body and reaching for a condom.
"You were brilliant," John said as he hung his coat. He looked over at Sherlock as he came into the flat, smirking at John's comment.
Sherlock felt better about that, but he really wished he’d known all of this before right now. He still held John and/or his brother responsible for that fact, even though he knew that was entirely unreasonable.
His mum was now trimming one of the bushes. She smiled when she saw John and came over to the table. “It’s lovely to see you, John,” she said. “Let me get you some lemonade or something.”
John flushed lightly. "Yeah, sometimes," he said. He shrugged to make it seem nonchalant. "The sofa will be fine."
"I already have a weapon and by the time you get to my legs I'll have you ended," John snapped through the door. "You want to talk to me about peace and quiet while you pace and pace and pace -- tell me, do you step on the creakiest boards on purpose?"
"Even if I get it I won't be incapacitated," John said, hoping it wasn’t a lie. "But yes, you can always call Sarah if you need anything."
The next day, John reached out to the dating site, but they couldn't release any information without a warrant but even if he got one, there were no strict rules about who could sign up. The site was free so there were no credit records and no proof anyone was who they said they were. John was feeling worse and worse about this.
Sherlock slumped a little in the pew and stared at the paper. He hadn’t known Molly’s middle name and now he did. He had a feeling that’d be the most interesting part of this whole day.
"There's no condoms! A box of cigarettes, though, but I'll be nice and leave it." He took his hands out and popped the collar. "Do I look cool? Clever?"
Sherlock looked up. John really was handsome. His hand slid to John’s bare back, caressing the muscles there as well. His hips began to rock ever so slightly against the bed as his hand moved lower to grasp John’s arse.
"I don't know," he said. "I just don't like how we drifted apart." He was looking around the room instead of at Sherlock.
“I am not,” Sherlock said. “We’re not stopping here, we’re going through.” He kept walking and then glanced over. “Is murder the first thing that comes to mind when you’re in a dark alley?” he asked cheekily.
Sherlock kissed John hungrily. “Let’s get into your bed again,” he said, pulling him as he led the way. In the bedroom, Sherlock stepped out of his trousers. Then he slowly pulled the towel exposing John’s nude body, looking quickly, before stepping in close. He rubbed his hands up and down John’s back as he kissed his mouth and then the warm, damp skin of his neck.
"You...oh," he breathed, squirming in pleasure. He was surprised, but it was clear that Sherlock knew what he was doing.
“I’m worried about that,” Sherlock admitted. “What if we go on this trip and you’re totally different?”
John was solving cases without him. He re-read the whole blog again, but that new post distracted him -- suddenly the whole blog was changed. It wasn’t their story anymore. He closed the laptop and started out the window again. His eyes were watering, and he closed them.
“That’s a lie,” Sherlock said. He glanced up at the television. “Pliny the Elder,” he mumbled. He looked over at John. “But you knew that, right?”
“Yes,” Sherlock said. He looked down again. “When I realised you didn’t know . . . it was hard enough missing you but then . . . I had to . . . do something to reach you.”
John looked through the options and picked from his own collection, but something slow and easy to listen to.
“A soldier’s wants are not my concern,” Sherlock said. “Your responsibility is all you need to worry about.” His stroke on John sped up a little.
Sherlock pressed his hands against John’s bare chest, more muscular than he’d expected. He leaned down and kissed his mouth roughly. John returned the kiss just as hard, his hands now working to get Sherlock's trousers open and off. Sherlock followed John’s lead, unzipping John’s jeans and sliding his hand inside. He palmed John’s through his pants as he nipped on his neck. John swore softly, stepping back with a soft groan to push the rest of his clothes to the floor and stepped out of everything. He tugged Sherlock to the bed, climbed on him and kissed him hard again.
Sherlock steadied himself and leaned down and kissed John again. Then he dropped his head to the side and began to slowly roll his body, pushing deeper as he rocked against the bed.
Sherlock stood up again. "You are handsome, you know," Sherlock said. "And quite sexy," he added with a wink.
Sherlock kind of nodded, but he wasn’t sure how that would work. There wasn’t really a path in the back, but there was one place where the greenery seemed clearer so they headed down that. “Do you want to go first -- catching up or whatever?” he asked.
“Yes,” Sherlock said, buttoning up his shirt. “You’ve got an early morning, and I’ve got things to do.”
They lost track of time, playing in the water like children, and after eventually dragging themselves out and sitting at the edge for a while, they felt hot again and got back in to cool off. Eventually, Sherlock said, “I’ve got no idea what time it is but this feels like the longest I’ve been outside doing nothing since that time we went to those caverns.”
The man returned. “Here,” he said, handing Sherlock a flash drive. “Did my boss say all of this was all right?”
“Why aren’t you being normal?” Sherlock asked as they walked up the stairs to that flat. He didn’t know what was going on with John – he wasn’t sure if he should ask so he hadn’t. But they were just at Lestrade’s office and John was not himself. Sherlock thought even Lestrade had noticed. This was not acceptable: Sherlock needed John at the top of his game when it came to work.
“John –- that’s too much,” Sherlock said, squeezing his eyes shut. “I can’t look at you or it’ll be over.”
John flushed and crossed his arms. "I'm not a prude! I'm just not . . . we are friends. Colleagues. We're not . . . it's not like that between us." He forced himself not to think about what Sherlock just said. This was just Sherlock stubbornly messing with him to make him squirm.
“I do,” John nodded, blinking his eyes open to look up at Sherlock. He looked very sure of himself, a bit smug even. It was beautiful.
John fumbled with the bottle and gave up trying to open it, taking the whole thing but not moving because he still didn't want to face Sherlock. "I'm sorry," he said.
Sherlock got up from the chair and carried his phone into the bigger bedroom. He lay down on the bed, but it seemed strange -- it felt like his parents’ bed. So he got up and moved into the smaller room, lying down on the twin bed he used to sleep in. Within a few minutes, he was asleep.
Finally, both men moved out of his way. "Bloody goons," John muttered as he stormed passed them. He found Sherlock's room and came inside. He sighed with only a small bit of relief. "You're awake. Are you okay?" he asked, coming close to examine him.
Sherlock followed, noting the address he gave the driver and filing it away. Then he let the anticipation begin to build inside him. Obviously, it’d been a long time since he’d gone home with anyone, but for whatever reason, he was sure he wanted to do this.
“Fine,” Sherlock said. He looked over. “I’ll text you if there’s a case, yeah?” he called as John headed out. He sat and finished his tea. The flat seemed so quiet. He got up and opened a window, just to let some sounds in. Then he checked his email -- he received one response but instead of listing times to meet, it asked about prices. No, that’s not how it worked -- obviously Sherlock needed more details before he could estimate how much his time the case would need. He didn’t feel like dealing with that right now, so he shut his computer.
“My brother knows, I know he does,” Sherlock said. “I’ve called him. He’s got an hour to get back to me before I go chasing him.”
Sherlock pulled the covers up over their naked bodies before flopping flat onto the mattress. He ran his hands through his hair and tried to calm his body a little. “I don’t know,” he said. “I mean, there’s it –- did you want to do it?”
Sherlock followed John, reaching out and grabbing his arse as they moved down the hallway. “All right,” he said. “This isn’t child’s play, young man. The Army is about responsibility. Do you think you can handle your responsibilities in this room?”
"I don't owe you anything. Go away," John said. He plated his sandwich and started looking for crisps.
“All right,” Lestrade said, a bit confused. “Can I ask what you’re doing that is more important to you than a case?”
"Of course not," he said shuffling. He raked his eyes over Sherlock's exposed chest. He was surprised by how muscular he was. Then he noticed Sherlock's nipples budding, he must be freezing. "Let's move on to a different game," he said as he set down the cards.
Sherlock kept at work -- he wanted their first time to last as long as it could, but he couldn't deny he was already dying for release. Eventually he could feel his stomach tightening and he lifted his head, his hand immediately taking over from his mouth. "I liked that," he said, shifting his body beside John's.
"I don't know. Smart, funny, sexy . . ." He started listing. "Similar interests, easy to talk to . . ."
John nodded. He didn't know what else to say about it. He was embarrassed by her behaviour, but more about the things she said. "All that stuff she said . . . I'm sorry."
He went back to the blog and re-read every single post and comment. Then he clicked “Contact Us” and typed.
Sherlock adjusted himself and pulled up his trousers. He grabbed his coat and hung it up. "Your behaviour this morning was very childish -- I hope you don't see this as a reward for that," he said with a smile.
"A casserole -- I found the recipe online and bought everything," he said. "And a salad, which hopefully I haven't screwed up." He looked over. "Does that sound all right? I should've asked, I suppose."
Sherlock looked puzzled, but did what John said. “What are we going to try?” he asked, his voice soft.
There was suddenly a muffled noise. “Your phone’s ringing,” Sherlock said to John. “My legs are too spent to get up and retrieve it for you, I’m afraid.”
Sherlock started to move his hips a little more, pushing in deeper. “Fuck,” he exhaled. “It’s good . . .” He shifted his weight so he was leaning on both arms, looking straight down at John. “It’s fucking incredible,” he said. “It’s good . . .” He let his body move freely, pushing harder into John.
When John's alarm went off in the morning he groaned and shifted, almost forgetting where he was. He sat up and stretched with a groan, his back sore from sleeping on the sofa. He started the kettle and took a quick shower, then went up to his room to get dressed.
John chuckled and started on his own clothes as he led the way. When he got into his bedroom, he was left in his pants. Sherlock was just stepping out of his trousers. John knelt in front of him, running his nose along the hard bulge and gazing up at Sherlock. "Can I?"
"About what?" John asked carefully. He was curious, but he didn't want to scare Sherlock off from talking.
“We can’t let Molly down,” Sherlock said, slipping his arm around John’s lower back. He leaned in, his head against John’s. He inhaled his smell as they swayed to the music.
Before Sherlock could answer, she looked him straight in the eye and said, “You need to get yourself together. I thought at the wedding, you were making progress . . . look, it doesn’t matter. Lock yourself up in the flat, waste your precious time waiting for work, whatever -- I’m not going to interfere. It’s not my job to look after you.” She turned and stomped down the stairs.
“Come on,” Sherlock said. “Let’s go to my room first.” He put John’s plate into the sink and then decided to quickly wash them. He led them to the stairs and grabbed John’s bag and headed to his room where he flopped onto the bed. “Should we show each other our things first?”
“That’s not how I work,” Sherlock said. “I solve cases, I don’t tell people about solving cases. Well, I know I just told you about it, but you’re . . . different.”
Sherlock stopped. He had a decision to make – yes, he did want to finish the experiment but if John was going straight to bed that meant he was unhappy and Sherlock did not like when John was unhappy. Of course, he hadn’t mastered how to fix it when John was unhappy, but he felt like he should try.
“Don’t, John,” Sherlock said seriously. “I trust you now -- I don’t trust anyone else. Don’t make me worry, all right?”
Sherlock watched John slowly getting ready to go up to bed. "If I do end up with a case, should I text you or something?" he called.
Sherlock stepped out back and lit a cigarette. A wooden chair was leaning up against the building, so he opened it up and sat down. He wished he brought a cup of tea out now. He inhaled deeply and tipped his head, blowing the smoke up toward the sky.
“I’m not,” Sherlock said. Then he looked over. “Is that going to happen, John?” Sherlock said. “Have you changed so much?” He was worried. This was what he’d worried about at school -- that too much time had passed and that when he saw John again, things would be so different and would prove that there was no one in the world that Sherlock could be close to.
Sherlock lay back against the mattress, incredibly eager but also a bit anxious that it was going to be too much for him to take. He kissed John back and then watched for his next move. John started moving lower, along his jaw and neck. He bit softly and licked and sucked Sherlock's skin. He couldn't get enough.
"Honestly I have no idea -- she was just asking questions, which was very annoying," Sherlock said. "Can you imagine how annoying it was being asked ridiculous questions at all day?"
“I definitely prefer our world to the real one,” Sherlock said, snuggling in. He turned to face the television, but mostly he just relaxed against John’s warmth.
"She says she's out, she wants to come by tonight," he said. "She didn't mention that when I last visited."
Sherlock looked at the book. “I don’t even know,” he said. “I’m not even reading it.” He set it down. “Let’s watch something else.”
John kept looking at the bed. "This morning I thought about coming home from work and someone offered to give me a back rub, and then I had to take my shirt off and it turned into a proper massage so I took everything off and it just kind of . . .went from there," he rambled.
Sherlock said nothing. He didn’t like this at all, which he knew he’d already said and after which John had reminded him that no one did. But the uncertainty filled Sherlock with a tension that almost made him sick. He looked over at John. “Maybe don’t go to bed just yet . . . please.”
He heard the noise of a notification and realised John’s phone was downstairs near the door. He got up and went into his bedroom, lying down on his bed. It felt strange having someone in the flat but still being on his own. He wasn’t sure what he was supposed to do.
"We can watch it," Sherlock said as he slipped his hand over to John's thigh and squeezed it. "If you prefer, I can just stay here, focusing on being anxious and put all other thoughts out of my mind." He moved his hand a few inches up John's thigh and squeezed again.
“I’ve got nothing that has to be done tonight,” Sherlock said. He leaned back a little. “As you said, we’ve got time . . .”
"Perhaps John should go with you," Sherlock suggested. He wasn't sure he should be getting involved at all, but, unfortunately, he did know a little about addiction.
There were patients waiting when John walked into the office so he got started right away, seeing a steady stream before his lunch break. While he was out getting something to eat, he thought about the case and how he needed to step it up a bit, force it to move forward. Sherlock was done with his part of things, and John wanted to catch up and end it.
Despite this doubt, though, going into John’s room holding John’s hand felt a million times better than sneaking up here on his own. Kissing John was brilliant. Just the thought popping into his mind made Sherlock take John into his arms and pull him onto the bed. He held onto him tightly, moving their bodies as close together as he could. “This is what I want all the time,” he confessed. “I don’t want you to ever not be this close.”
Sherlock brought his mug over and starting talking John through all he’d found out -- starting first with the chemicals he could isolate in the blood and then the physical symptoms he’d expected to find in the body and those he had not expected. He was still waiting to hear from his contacts abroad, but he was close to narrowing down precisely what it was which meant the final step was how it was made.
“True, but . . . it was too hard. I’m not good with saying things, feelings,” Sherlock said. “I missed you.”
"That was a thoughtful present he got you," she said, taking the present from John and setting it aside.
"I am," Sherlock said. "I wonder why -- perhaps I bumped my head earlier or something." He smiled stupidly over at John. "I'm glad you're home."
Sherlock looked up quickly. Of course, his brother knew he couldn’t remember. It was like he could see into Sherlock’s head.
"Is this a one-off?" Sherlock asked, his breath caught in his throat. "Is this going to be part of us now?"
Sherlock shook his head. He dropped the book by John’s feet, grabbed his sleeping bag and spread it on the floor before getting in. “I’m just going to keep this book here in case I can’t sleep, I can read with the light of my phone. I won’t wake you.”
“You are such a child,” Mycroft said. “I’m busy. Be good and in a few days, you’ll get checked by a doctor and you can go home.”
Sherlock turned his head and looked at him. “It doesn’t have to mean anything, though,” he said. “Just a bit of an adventure, yeah?”
“That sounds excellent,” Sherlock said. He turned to look out the window, but reached over and rested his hand on John’s thigh.
"I don't tell people that. I was just teasing," he said. "You should go pack. He said he's waiting for you."
“I don’t believe they do,” Mycroft said. “In fact, perhaps you’d like to present it to them? Then you could get the attention you crave.”
"Talk like what?" John asked, smiling as he crawled up Sherlock's body. He kissed Sherlock's mouth. "I could ride you . . . do you want to come inside me?" He liked what his talking was doing to Sherlock.
But why was John re-opening their business if he thought Sherlock was dead? That didn’t seem right -- six months later and it’s back to business as usual for John, except this time there’s no actual detective doing the work. That didn’t seem right, but it appears that’s what was happening.
"Oh, all right," John said. He watched Sherlock go, moving to the sofa himself and turning on the news for a bit. When he started dozing with his mug still in his hand, he forced himself to get up and go to bed.
Sherlock poured two short glasses and returned to the sitting room. Before sitting down, though, he pulled the curtains shut. “Doesn’t matter what’s going on out there,” he said.
However, Sherlock was still bored and beginning to think Lestrade had lied to him. He’d been watching things closely and felt confident that nothing evil was afoot. When he received John’s text, he stepped outside and called Lestrade to tell him he was done playing dress up for the day. He headed home.
Sherlock looked over. “Thank you,” he said, standing up to get some plates. “For everything,” he added. There were no plates where he’d been expecting to find them -- had he forgotten? He opened a few cupboards until he found them.
“I don’t like the bed empty,” Sherlock said. His voice was different now, his breath changing as his body moved against John. “Don’t leave ever again . .. “
John took a big bite of food and tried to chew quickly so he could answer. "Slow. I haven't checked my email today, though. I will after we eat."
John looked down at Sherlock, his face almost pressed into John's stomach. John kept petting his hair, relaxing back against the sofa and his hand.
“When --” Sherlock started and then stopped. “Right,” he said instead. “I’ll be working. I’ll see you . . . at some point.”
When he was finally settled into his new base and had started this phase of Mycroft’s master plan, he got the chance to check in with John. He sent him a document with some new details he’d made up, some were purely random, others inspired by people he’d known as a child. Hopefully, this would keep John busy and still interested in communicating with him.
“I’m actually working, John, unlike you,” Sherlock said. “Because I care about our business. If you appreciate this flat, I’d expect you to be helping me rather than hindering me.”
John tore his eyes from Sherlock's. "No thank you," he said. He picked up the bill as the waiter walked away.
"I graduated top in my class, you know. Maybe you want to leave now?" She smiled and turned a bit more towards him.
“I’m in the business of meeting not nice men,” Sherlock said, nodding to thank her as he took the tea. “That’s where the money is. What would I want with a nice one?”
“Definitely,” Sherlock said, standing up. “I’m going to have a shower. I suggest you have one when I finish.”
Sherlock saw John through the window. He looked even more handsome dressed in normal clothes, though Sherlock hadn’t expected the jumper. Still, very handsome, he thought as he went over to the table.
Sherlock looked up from his desk to see John and then quickly glanced at the window, noticing it was now light outside. “Morning,” he said and stretched in his chair.
This pleasant mood was rare, and perhaps that explained why Sherlock felt compelled to do something equally unusual.
“Stop it now,” Mycroft said. “This is for you own good.” He glanced over at the table. “The newspapers? Sherlock, please -- you were injured . . . you need your memory sharp.”
“Some man was at the door – basically literally trying to kill us with the virus,” Sherlock said. “All because he thought his wife had a bit on the side.”
John tilted his head a bit. "I do want to keep seeing you. I still don't see why the food thing will be a problem," he said.
“You don’t have to be friends with anyone on the science team,” she said. “I didn’t mean to give that impression. But please think about it because you’re very smart -- it would be great for the team, but it would also look good when you apply for uni.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but he also looked forward to see what he could find. Then he remembered he also had to be looking for the man, so he glanced back at his computer to remind him of the face.
John checked the blog. He sat at the computer with his tea and looked through the messages, pausing on the last one. He stared at it for a long moment before replying.
“You do make me feel good, John,” Sherlock mumbled between kisses. “You have since you moved in here and now you are in this way, too.” He turned his attention to John’s cock again. “Is this how you like it?” he asked, looking down to watch their hands moving.
“I’m glad there’s at least one normal person at this table with me,” she said. She and John applauded once the speaker stopped, and then someone started clinking their glasses. Molly leaned over and kissed her husband, and everyone applauded again.
Harry laughed and shook her head. "I'm not going upstairs, John. What? You don't want your boyfriend to see me like this?" She tried to take the knife out of the mantle, but it was wedged too deep. "He's mean, you know. He was very mean to me before."
"How about I'll stay in my clothes and you stay in yours?" Sherlock said, reaching out and grabbing John's hand. "Well, you know what I mean."
"It's a new rule," Sherlock said. "Are you honestly saying you've never stolen anything from work -- not some paper or a pen or something doctor-y . . . like some cotton swabs? I'm sure I saw extra cotton swabs upstairs -- you're saying you paid money for those?"
She couldn't stop grinning from ear to ear. She showed John pictures on her phone as she told him about the trip. After a while John didn't care too much about the pictures, but he let her keep going because he had never seen her like this. When their food came she finally put her phone away and asked about him. He told her about his new job and his need for new living arrangements.
Sherlock stopped for a minute. “Obviously there’s more -- I mean it’s been six years, John,” he said. “But I don’t know how I’m supposed to choose what to tell you. Most of my experiences at school were not very good -- I don’t want to list them out to remind you of all the bad things about me. I’m not trying to keep secrets or make a big deal. If something comes up -- like if something happens and I have experience with it or whatever -- I will tell you. I just don’t know what to say.”
“I’m well aware of that, Sherlock. It’s a missing persons case – from before. We’ve finally narrowed down where we think he last was and got a hold of the footage. It might take a while, but you two could look over it.”
Sherlock didn't fall asleep immediately, which was fine -- he quite liked listening to John's breathing, feeling his body inhale and exhale. But when John's alarm rang, Sherlock jolted open his eyes. He'd moved away from John slightly in the bed. He leaned over and squeezed John's arm. "John," he said. "It's time to get up."
“I’m not a baby,” Sherlock said. “Besides, if you care so much, you probably should have said something before I was in the sun all day.”
John woke up with his phone stuck to his cheek. He forgot he'd fallen asleep with it. He checked for messages and saw none so he plugged it in to charge while he took a shower and got ready for work. He grabbed it after he got dressed but didn't send a message -- if Sherlock was sleeping he didn't want to wake him. He took his charger to work with him and started seeing patients, keeping on eye out for messages between them. He needed to figure out how he was going to sneak out to see Sherlock when Mycroft had control of every camera in the city.
John had made a decision: he was going to study medicine. It seemed exciting, a fast paced job that would never be boring. He signed up for a program to shadow a surgeon for a day, and he learned about a specialty he fell in love with -- trauma surgeon. His mind was set on it, though it meant many years of study. Some of his classmates were going into the military -- the thought of it made John nervous, but it would him learn and pay for his education. His mum didn't like it at all, but she couldn't stop him from signing up. He had a clear view of his future.
"Are you talking about a client? Someone was here?" John asked. He was already looking around to find the most likely place he'd have to start the disinfecting.
John stared up at him, holding his gaze as they moved together. Sherlock kissed John again and then let his body go. His hips pushed against John’s body, and his pulse pounded so loudly he could hardly hear anything else. “I’m going to come, John,” he moaned and then he let go, buried in John.
“Does this mean I should expect our pipes to burst at some point? I was sure you said your work was guaranteed.”
“Hello,” she said, stepping over to give him a few envelopes. “Junk,” she said. She opened the curtains. “Shall I make us some tea?"
“Fine,” Sherlock said. “Let me send this to Lestrade – given you full credit, of course – and then I’ll make some food for you to put in your face.” He was smiling. The two of them working together again had felt good.
He stopped. Maybe he wasn’t trying to annoy Sherlock. Maybe he was trying to alert him. He moved over to the phone.
Sherlock was walking home from the news agents when his phone vibrated. He pulled it out and stared at it for a moment, before figuring out who JW was.
Sherlock thought for a moment. Telling him his brother was actually the one who’d found it ignored the fact that Sherlock was the one who’d realised international theft had been an option. “I figured it out,” he said instead. “I don’t need luck.”
Sherlock waited until he heard the water start and then got up from his seat, going upstairs and standing outside the spare bedroom. He looked inside. The room did not look very different. John’s empty bags were on the bed, there was a book on the bedside table. He stepped in and glanced at the book’s cover. Treasure Island. Odd choice. He went back downstairs, sitting at his desk and opening his laptop to check in with Scotland Yard.
When John came back in, Sherlock said, "When the washer's done . . . maybe we should have a nap?" he said, reaching over and squeezing John's hand.
Sherlock looked around the flat and then up toward John’s bedroom door. He carried his tea up there, set the mug on the table, and lay down on John’s bed. He wasn’t sure why he was behaving like this, but being in here somehow made him feel less confused.
"It's a shame you have to work tomorrow . . . perhaps we could do something nice when you get home?" Sherlock said, a little awkwardly.
John shook his head. He stretched before standing up as well. "I'll stay here. Just show me my room, or bed or whatever," he said.
"No. Like I said, I struggled in chemistry, but I did really well in biology. Everything else was just average," he said. He thought for a moment. "I suppose trying to explain it all it doesn't seem like much. But when it was happening . . . I wanted to share everything with you."
“I mean, in a good partnership, each person plays to their own strengths,” he said. “In my partnership with John, I am obviously the clever one. The one who solves cases. However, John has apparently been promoted from blogger to undercover agent, simply because his strength is charm.”
"Mum, it’s the last weekend of the summer. And he's going off to some fancy school and we won't be able to see each other much."
Sherlock gave him a quick kiss and then said, “Should we get up? We’ve kind of made a mess of ourselves.”
"Fuck," Sherlock exhaled, collapsing against the mattress. He took a few minutes to catch his breath and then looked over and said, "You're all sweaty."
Sherlock moved to the doorway, cracking it open just a bit. “Yes? Who is it?” he said in a hushed tone.
Sherlock watched John, focused on the laptop. Then he stood up and poured himself a cup of tea. “Thanks for dinner. I’m going into my room now,” he said before disappearing.
Sherlock glanced over. "I suppose you've put up with annoyances from my brother . . ." he said. "I hope it all works for her."
“I hope so,” Sherlock said. “Quite frankly, I’d be happy to bypass the police altogether, but I don’t know how to get real cases myself. I’ve got a website, but everyone who’s contacted me has been so . . . boring.”
John looked over at Sherlock, studying his profile while he wasn't looking. "Yeah, I'm imagining it."
“After they’ve gone to bed,” Sherlock said. “I doubt they’d care but she might get fussy about us messing with her plants. We’ll be careful.” He handed John a bottle of water, and they headed upstairs.
"I wish I did," Sherlock said. "Right now it's on occasion. I don't really know how else to get work, I confess."
“I don’t know,” Sherlock said. Because he really didn’t. He looked up. “It doesn’t matter,” he said. “I was just checking my email -- I’m sure I’ll have a client to keep me busy while John’s off doing what he’s doing. I’m sure everything will return to normal soon.”
When their table was allowed up, John followed the two of them, taking his place in line and slowly filling his plate with a little bit of everything. It all looked and smelled so good. He looked ahead where Sherlock was being very picky about what he was putting on his own plate.
Great wasn’t the same as amazing, but it was enough for Sherlock. “We are,” he said. He fancied a cigarette but didn’t want John to get annoyed. “This couple . . .” he said, closing his eyes as he tilted his head back. “You’re not in any danger, are you?”
When Sherlock opened his eyes, he saw the familiar pattern on the curtains. He knew where he was. He got up and made himself a cup of tea and took it and his phone outside. He had some calls to make.
Sherlock followed John’s actions, following up with a sip of wine. “And now you and I are going to go on an adventure.”
Sherlock heard movement upstairs. It was probably time to exchange gifts and then eat. He looked down at the text conversation and realised he actually did wish that John had come with him.
Sherlock’s curiosity was piqued. He picked up the bottle and looked at its ingredients. “Are you sure?” he asked.
Sherlock had poured three cups and brought two of them out into the sitting room. John's face looked relieved and Sherlock felt relieved.
“I’m sick of out there – no pun intended,” Sherlock said. “I am no longer interested in anything outside of this flat.”
“Fine -- abandon me,” Sherlock said. “I took you in and at the first chance you turn me out. I understand.”
Sherlock emerged from his room. "Give him a few minutes," he said. "He'll call back when she's got a place. I'm going to take a shower."
He drew his finger all around the perimeter of John's face, letting it drift to his neck, before lifting it up to John's mouth. He pressed against John's lips and then moved it to the corner, pulling up as if to force John into a half smile. Finally he moved it up to John's forehead again, drawing a small heart, and the wrapping his hand around John's body, squeezing himself closer.
He read the two new posts over and over, looking for some clue -- some message for Sherlock. But there was nothing. Nothing that Sherlock could see. He double checked his security and then returned to the blog. He clicked the comment box and wrote
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock said. “I didn’t want it to happen . . . I hated every minute. I just didn’t feel like myself without you with me.”
“And you’ve been so busy, running around and working . . . your muscles must be aching,” Sherlock said as he nipped at John’s inner thigh. Then he let go of John’s cock and lifted each of his legs over the arms of the chair, so John slid down a little. He grabbed a bottle of lube from behind the chair and spilled it into his hand. One hand went back to work John’s cock as the other explored John’s balls. The vibrator buzzed against the chair, teasing them both about what was to come.
Sherlock moaned even louder than before. He lifted his head and kissed John’s mouth hard. John moaned into the kiss, keeping it up until they parted for air. His hand moved the whole time, and now with a smirk, he started scooting downwards, pressing kisses along Sherlock's torso.
"Does your fun have to be at my expense?" Sherlock asked. "It's clear you are mocking me. Take off my clothes, please."
John shrugged. "I can't ever figure him out until he's ready to reveal something. But I trust him so it's okay. It's going to be okay."
"You're welcome, though what I think we've learned here is that cooking is not really my specialist skill," he said.
Suddenly he heard another noise from the other side of the door. This time he recognised it. It was Mrs Hudson calling his name. He moved over and opened the door.
Sherlock grinned. "Which means I was right," he said. He was enjoying the moment of triumph and of John's witnessing it. His body was close to John's, and he realised he was enjoying that too. He reached over and ran his hand slowly through John's hair.
Back at the flat Harry went up to get ready for bed while John moved around the flat to get sheets and pillows for the sofa.
“I’ll try not to – ruin it for you, I mean,” Sherlock said. As soon as the copyright warning came up, he said, “I’ve already solved it.”
"She's all right, Sherlock, we spoke yesterday when I went down to get the post. She was also shouting up to me before when you were sleeping," he said.
John walked over to the window and looked down at Sherlock as he got into the car. He watched until it pulled away from the kerb and disappeared. He turned back and looked at the flat -- it was oddly quiet. He'd been in the flat alone before but only for a few hours. Something about knowing Sherlock was legitimately away made the place seem even quieter than usual. He shook his head and moved to the sofa. Perhaps it’d be nice being on his own for awhile
“Whatever you want,” Sherlock said. He stood up to follow John into the kitchen and then suddenly said, “My mum – I should check on her.” He got out his phone and sent her a text.
John heard movement downstairs as he shifted in bed and stretched. Last night came to him immediately and his cheeks warmed again. He wondered how Sherlock was feeling. He stretched again and got out of bed, putting on pajama pants and a t-shirt. He stopped in the bathroom before making his way to the kitchen.
Sherlock slid his finger from John’s body. He grabbed John’s hand and led it to his cock. “You do it,” he told him as he reached for the bottle of lube and slicked the vibrator. He pressed one hand onto John’s thigh and slowly guided the vibrator in, moving it with the rhythm of John’s stroke. “Fuck, you’re gorgeous,” he said.
"All right," Sherlock said and then thought for a minute. "Actually, let's order in instead. We should be here -- I mean, I'd rather stay in."
John tilted his head a bit. "I feel pretty sure right now," he said. "I know I want to keep seeing you."
“I don’t know anyone else,” Sherlock said. “I suppose the cute waitress might have been looking for you.”
Sherlock shook his head but kept his eyes on John. This was a quandary. Normally, he’d just disengage – this felt like a personal problem and personal problems were not Sherlock’s area. But it was now affecting their work. And to be honest, since John had moved in here, Sherlock had changed a little. He’d deliberately decided not to think about it too much because it was a little confusing and unnerving to admit he cared about things like John’s feelings and John’s moods. So instead he kept focused on the fact that it was affecting their work. And something needed to be done.
“It might take a little while, but so far so good,” Sherlock said, wondering if he was trying to reassure John or himself. “So . . . is this what you normally do after work? Have a shower and then listen to music?”
Sherlock pressed his head against the pillow. He squeezed his eyes shut and then opened them, staring upwards at the ceiling over John’s bed. He’d never looked at it before. “Your bed’s soft,” he said stupidly.
Mrs Hudson shot him a look and then turned to John. “So . . . are you a friend of Molly or of the groom . . . I’m sorry I can’t remember his name.”
“Despite claiming you have a ‘friend’ who you occasionally ‘work’ for,” Sherlock said. “You strike me as someone who is a little more solitary. Not boring, obviously, I believe you when you say you like excitement. But you seem like someone who prefers fewer close friends than many acquaintances.” He looked over to see if he was right.
“Hold on,” John said. "Can I see the letter from the box? You said I could read it when we opened it."
“Of course not. He’s too old for me,” she said with a laugh. “But perhaps you know someone he might be perfect for?”
Sherlock dropped against John. "I want it to last all night," he said as he melted into the kiss again.
Once they got to work, Sherlock actually enjoyed it. He’d been quite stationary since he’d arrived -- sitting, reading, and sleeping. It was good to move around, especially in the crisp air.
Sherlock smiled. “I knew you were good for something,” he said. He ate another bite and then said, “Save room for ice cream.”
When he left his room, John was gone. He heard his footsteps on the stairs and he appeared a few minutes later, food in hand. He grabbed some forks and met John in the sitting room. “How much do I owe you?” he asked.
"Perhaps I shouldn't be here . . ." Sherlock said awkwardly, though he wasn't really sure where he was supposed to go if she agreed.
"You're no fun," she said, settling in herself. After a few minutes of silence, she said, "I spy with my little eye someone who has greatly changed over the last year or so."
“Of course you’re not,” Sherlock teased. He closed his eyes like he was thinking. “I’ve got nothing,” he said. “I can’t think of a single person we know who is smart, makes you laugh, shares your interest, is someone you can talk to, and has hair and eyes. Not a one. Guess you’ll have to stay a virgin forever.”
“Yes, but we didn’t bring any,” Sherlock said. “We’ve got muesli and some toast. Should I make us some?”
John swiped his hands over his face and then paused. "Hello?" He swore he heard the door open. He pulled the curtain enough to pop his head out.
John resisted and instead pushed Sherlock back, climbing on top of him a bit as he continued exploring with his mouth. Sherlock's skin was warm and soft, a pleasant surprise from all his sharp angles. The weight of John on his body felt good to Sherlock. He slid his arms around his back and leaned up into the kiss, making it more urgent. His hands moved over John’s muscles before sliding down to grip his hips. He moved his legs, lifting one over John’s. He tried to reach around between their bodies, but then exhaled. “There’s not enough room here,” he said.
He looked around the flat as he made breakfast, his phone in his pocket so he could hear if Sherlock called. Everything was so quiet. He didn't like it very much. He took his breakfast to the desk and started looking through the blog, taking notes on possible cases that he could tell Sherlock about.
Sherlock wasn't quite sure how she knew as he was trying very hard to keep his face neutral. "No," he said. "He's just annoyed with me even though I'm not even there."
But now it turns out, John might have been feeling it as well. He'd never confess it to anyone, but the thought of the possibility flickered warm in Sherlock's stomach. But not yet. First they had to deal with Harry. He hoped this wasn't all due to the unusual events of the evening -- he hoped things would become clearer once Harry was settled and gone.
He went storming out, spotting John near his desk with a pile of papers in his hand. “What the fuck are you doing with my things?” he spat out.
Sherlock had opened the windows in the spare bedroom and tried to tidy a little elsewhere in the flat, while being mindful not to appear too accommodating as to mislead. When he got John’s text, he sent a quick reply, setting out two mugs on the worktop before heading down to meet the taxi.
John sighed loudly. "Sherlock, you can't claim ignorance now. You know what's happening, and you’re not like those stupid idiots who think they are invincible against it. One of us will go out if and when we have to." He got up and went to finish the food.
Sherlock came out of the bathroom drying his face. John went in, so Sherlock changed into his pajamas and sat down on the sofa and took out a book from his bag.
“All right -- a bit obvious, but fine,” Sherlock said. He moved the box over to a chair and flopped on the bed again. “We’ll bury it at midnight. What do you want to do now?”
Sherlock's hand found its way into John's pants. He wrapped his fingers around John's now hardening cock which was warm against his skin. "I've never touched you here," he said, just holding him for a moment. He sucked John's earlobe into his mouth and concentrated on every sensation he was feeling.
Sherlock thought for a moment, but before he could answer, though, Mrs Hudson burst into the flat. “Privacy!” he shouted at her.
Sherlock shifted a little to get more comfortable. Without intending it, his voice had a quiet sound to it, and it was actually making him feel sleepy. “John kept himself quite busy doing lots of brave things and always being out and about because he didn’t like going home. He lives in a cave, I think I forgot to mention that. Anyway his cave was kind of cold and dark, so John spent most of his time running around, helping anyone and everyone because he was very good at that.” Sherlock paused. “Following so far or have you already gone to sleep?”
“I can’t remember . . . I remember the fall, but I know that right before I fell, I’d found something . . . but I can’t remember what.”
Sherlock laughed aloud. “I knew this was coming from Day One,” he said, lightly pinching John’s side.
Sherlock lifted his head and quickly moved so he was lying next to John. He put one of John's hands on his head and the other on his cock and then began stroking John, steady and fast. "Let's come," he said before falling against his mouth.
John looked over at the door. He turned down the radio a bit and retied his dressing gown before opening the door. "Oh, hi," he said. "Sorry if the music was too loud." He took the mug from Sherlock and put it on top of the dresser.
“Changed your mind already?” Sherlock asked. “I said I was mid-experiment -- it won’t be quite as bad when I’ve finished. I should be able to finish tonight.”
"In a little bit," he said, closing his eyes for a second to get his breathing to a more normal rhythm.
Sherlock thought for a moment. He knew what John was asking, but he didn't really know how best to answer it accurately. This was supposed to be a truth, and even though it was just a stupid game, he felt he should try to be as honest as he could. "If you truly mean relationship, I suppose I've not had one," he said. "If you just mean sex, then I suppose it was two days." The answer really didn't reflect the subtleties, but it was the truth.
“I think we’ve established that none of us at this table know him or care what his name is,” Sherlock said. He looked straight at John as he asked, “So Mrs Hudson, John didn’t bring a date to the wedding. What do you think of that?”
“I’ve thought about it a lot obviously, about why it happened like it did,” Sherlock said. “I thought about it last night.” He looked up, looking at nothing really as they walked. “I was angry and hurt and embarrassed,” he said. It was entirely honest.
“It was an idiot who showed up for a case – I did not contact him, I had nothing to do it with it!” Sherlock explained defensively.
“Molly’s husband’s not called Lance!” Mrs Hudson scolded. She got out the programme. “Oh yes, it’s Tim, he’s called Tim.”
Sherlock didn’t really wrap any gifts. Instead, he just handed his mother small pieces of tape and listened to her gossip about people he didn’t know. It was boring but not difficult. Later he did peel potatoes, which was also boring but more difficult, and then when his father came in, he listened to him gossip about other people Sherlock didn’t know.
His mother looked over him and smiled softly. “All right,” she said. “I’m just glad you have a friend.”
"Right and I asked you about this morning," Sherlock said. "I just think it would be interesting to know -- a little insight into your inner world," he added as if his desire to know was purely academic.
Mrs Hudson rolled her eyes. "I have a feeling I've been a victim of something here, but I don't know what and quite frankly I'd rather not know," she said as she moved to the door. "However, I do feel compelled to ask one thing -- why haven't you idiots built a fire? It's the coldest day we've had in years and obviously you're both gone stupid because of it. Make a fire and warm yourselves up." She opened the door. "And stop bothering me," she added then left.
John didn't answer. He didn't know what to say. He started taking his clothes off to get ready for bed. "You left me."
John laughed. "I'm glad you got out of this phase," he said, taking out the foreign film Sherlock showed him.
John nodded, and they exchanged a slightly awkward good night. John waited until she was inside to hail a cab back to his own flat. As the car sped through traffic, John took out his phone and texted a real friend.
John turned on his side a bit, shifting to lie on the sofa like he had when Sherlock first left. He was glad it was dark and he was alone in the flat. He didn't think he could have ever admitted  this in person.
John hummed as he got up to put his plate away. Now he was faced with the dilemma of how he would occupy his own time for the day. He decided to start reading one of the books stacked by his chair. He’d wanted to read them all but hadn't had a chance t. He’d start with reading and then could decide from there.
Sherlock turned to look over. “You’ve got extra money, but you didn’t get me a present at the shop?” he asked.
“No one works that much,” Jim said, sitting down next to Sherlock. “You writing a love letter to your mother?”
“This is pretty sexy, John, what you’re doing,” Sherlock said. His voice was different -– it was breathy as his pulse was quickening.
"You already have trouble sleeping. I'm not giving you any more caffeine." John went back to his computer and even shifted to try to hide Sherlock from view.
Upstairs Sherlock checked all the faucets -- they all worked fine. He assumed they would, but for some reason, he’d quite enjoyed getting all worked up for nothing. He thought about taking a bath or washing up the dirty dishes now that he could, but decided against it. He moved over to his desk and began to work.
Sherlock stayed and watched the bedroom door for a few moments and then he followed John into the bathroom. "You all right?" he asked John.
John watched Sherlock as he spoke and suddenly things seemed a little more clear -- especially the conversation in his room the other night. Maybe the assumption wasn't so wild after all. "I think we can," he said slowly.
“Interesting,” Sherlock said as he followed John upstairs. “Where should I put these?” he asked once they got inside the flat.
“Then you made an excellent choice when you decided I was your boyfriend that night,” Sherlock said with a grin.
“Settle down,” Lestrade had told him. “We need surveillance -- there are rumours and we just want you there gathering information.”
“In a good way,” Sherlock said. “Let’s dip to end the dance.” He spun John out, stopped, gave him a smile, and then pulled him in, dipped him back, leaning down close to John’s face. “Very interesting,” he said with a smile and then lifted him back up.
“I just mean, what if we do have an argument?” he continued. “What if he’s become like the kids at school . . .”
"Yes, me," Sherlock said. Of course this was embarrassing, but John should know -- he probably should've known from the start, but he definitely needed to know now. "Quite some time ago, long before I met you. I made . . . poor decisions. I'm better now. Because of that place. If they could help me, they can help her," he added.
Sherlock stood up. “They’ve got a little pit in back and there was some wood there as well,” he said. “Let’s go look and then I can make a salad while you get it going.”
A hundred things went through Sherlock's mind as the taxi made its way to Baker Street. So far he thought he'd done well, adjusting to living with someone else, but this felt different somehow, bigger and thus more worrying. He saw John standing at the door as the car pulled up. He paid the driver and walked over. "What's going on?" he asked.
The next thing John knew he was waking up startled, his body having slipped from sitting up on the couch to falling onto the cushions. The flat was dark and the light of the telly wand flickering in the room. He sat up and stretched out his soreness. He turned off the telly and moved through the flat in the dark. He was heading for the stairs when he noticed the time. He thought it was the middle of the night but it wasn't -- it was the next morning. He slept through the night on the sofa.
“You left me with nothing to eat and no work to do . . . just to go out partying with your friends,” he added, committing to the pout despite knowing it was ridiculous.
He went back to work trying to make a plan in the back of his mind as he saw the rest of his patients. When he left he texted Sherlock about picking up dinner, rerouted his way home and stopped by the bookshop. He made a bold move and asked her out to dinner. She still hadn't mentioned a boyfriend and even though she hesitated slightly, she did agree to go. John left and headed back to the flat, feeling like he was finally making progress.
"Nor did I," Sherlock said. "I suppose it's happened as it should." He snuggled down a little, starting to feel the cold. "But it's not a game to me -- I meant what I said."
“No, I have parents and one brother, who is a--” Sherlock paused and then added, “who is irritating.”
"We had just come home from solving a case," John said. Just like his dream, he climbed into Sherlock's lap. "I wanted to reward you, you were quite clever."
"I'll take it in," Sherlock said grabbing it. "I'll make us some tea and I got something for dessert as well."
“No -- maybe, no . . . not now,” Sherlock said. “I want to finish this experiment. Tomorrow things are likely to be quite different -- let me finish this before things change. Don’t make me immediately regret what I’ve done.”
“I’m not twisting your words at all,” Sherlock said. “I give you those things, but it’s not enough because we’re ‘friends.’ You made a stupid rule that I didn’t even get to vote on. When we moved in together, you’re the one who said we had to vote on all our choices . . . to make it fair, you said. How come we didn’t get to vote on this one?”
“We’ve made it so far,” Sherlock said, patting John’s leg. “I’m glad I’ve been stuck here with you. I mean, if I had to be stuck here, I’m glad we’re together.”
Sherlock didn't say anything, just made a little sound. He imagined John in the flat, and it was a nice picture. He'd be the first person Sherlock had let in to his life there. He hoped it would be all right. So far, things had been all right. He squeezed John tighter.
Sherlock did take a bite of food and washed it down with some wine. "I thought we could go on a walk or maybe watch a film after dinner -- whatever you'd like."
“Molly?” Sherlock asked with genuine surprise. He opened his mouth to say something else, but wasn’t sure what he wanted to say. After what seemed like minutes but was probably just a few seconds, he said, “Cup of tea?”
“I believe you take the ax and chop the wood,” Sherlock said. “Or has it become more complicated in recent years?”
Sherlock was sitting outside the library, writing to John. He’d sent him a few quick notes in response to John’s letters, but he was waiting as he worked on his real letter. It was a long one, three notebooks long actually, and Sherlock had filled it with all the important things that had happened so far.
"Good," Sherlock said. "She seemed well and happy," he added, nodding to him. It was true, and he felt good that John felt good.
John nodded. "I like this very much, Sherlock. I like kissing you . . .tasting you and feeling your hands on me . . ."
It wasn’t a client, though. It was John, and Sherlock was glad. He wouldn’t admit it, but he missed him. The messages, however, annoyed him.
Sherlock sat up straight, not quite sure where he was. Then he realised what had happened: he’d fallen asleep on John’s bed. He stared up at the ceiling, the ceiling John looked at every night. Theoretically it seemed an odd thing to do -- take a nap in John’s bed. However, it actually didn’t feel strange at all. It felt quite nice. Sherlock was pretty sure it was likely he’d do it again.
She took a sip of tea and let him sit with that for a moment. Finally, she said, "Perhaps he just misses you -- sometimes people get confused about their feelings."
“I mean, are you motivated by money, by acclaim? Those intentions do not belong in my line of work,” Mycroft said.
John squirmed and grabbed Sherlock's arm, placing it around him instead. "Okay. Good idea," he said.
“What do you mean?” Sherlock asked and suddenly the penny dropped. “Oh, I see, very clever. But who’s the wizard?”
“It’s --“ Sherlock started, but stopped. He’d wanted John to be the one to look after him because John did that so well. He rolled over and stretched to turn on the lamp. “They’re healing . . . right?” he asked quietly.
John swatted his hand as he ducked away from him as he pulled the paper off his forehead. It did say Mrs Hudson.  "Don't patronise me! At least I didn't cheat," he said.
Greg agreed, mentioning he needed Sherlock to analyse the drug as well. They hung up and John rang Sherlock.
She waved her hand to dismiss him, so he turned to John and said, “We brought some food and two sleeping bags and towels and stuff. We should be fine.”
“Well, just listen to John, Sherlock – he knows about all this. He’s the responsible one,” Mrs Hudson. “And no more yelling!” she yelled before she disappeared into her flat.
Sherlock opened the freezer and there was a full loaf of bread. He put two pieces in the toaster, glad he had found it but still a bit annoyed. After he finished his sandwich, he made a cup of tea and went into his room.
Suddenly his mind snapped back to the present. “Are you saying you have it?” he asked, standing up quickly. “Does this mean I have it as well?”
On the way home, he decided he needed to do something -- he didn’t want to let his old friendship with Sherlock ruin this summer. Something needed to be done.
Sherlock fiddled with something on the table. “I wish I didn’t have to go,” he said quietly. “I won’t have any friends.”
Sherlock did not enjoy having his face stuck in pine needles as he and his father held the tree until his mother deemed it was perfect. And he did not enjoy stringing up lights and ornaments and hearing his mother retell every story from his childhood. However, he did kind of enjoy seeing his mother’s enjoyment of the whole process. His parents had helped him a lot in life -- forgiven many of his faults -- and he, of course, was grateful.
“That’s good,” Sherlock said. He took another bite of food. “It surprised me but then it helped, I guess . . . I’m sorry for sending you on goose chases.”
Sherlock looked over. “No, I won’t be going out tonight,” he said. “Why? Are you keeping information to yourself? Don’t do that, John. We work together, don’t forget.”
“Indeed I did,” Sherlock said. “I now know exactly what it’ll take to silence you when you nag me so keep that in mind.” He took a sip of tea and propped himself up properly. “So how was class?”
Sherlock was sitting at his desk, staring at his school’s webpage. They had posted pictures of the graduation celebration, and for some reason, he was looking at every single one. He saw Ellen, who looked very pretty. He saw a few of Jim. He shut his laptop and lay down on his bed. The house was quiet. He leaned over and turned off his lamp. Now he knew the house was dark as well. Darkness and quiet were things he liked, but what he really wanted was for it to feel like home again. It didn’t yet, and that made him angry at the world.
"It's not bad, you'll be fine." John put on a bit more and moved his hand slowly over Sherlock's back.
John took the mug from Sherlock and sat on the sofa beside him. "Yes, it’s fine." He looked around the room. "I see you moved some things -- I appreciate it," he said.
"Don't be lazy," Sherlock said. "You need to get up and go to work so you can come back home for a nice evening. And also I need tea."
When they got to John’s house, Sherlock’s mum insisted on coming up to the door with him since she wanted to give John’s parents the details. It was kind of embarrassing, and Sherlock was already tense enough.
Sherlock looked up. It was Jim, a boy who had insisted on sitting next to him in every class since the first day of school. “Just work,” he mumbled and looked back down.
John nodded again and followed him. He tugged Sherlock's hand so he would follow and he didn't let go.
Sherlock slid over to her chair next to John. “Are you going to be hitting on my date all night?” he asked.
Sherlock was still in the hotel a week later, which is not what he wanted but better than being elsewhere. He was watching John’s posts -- feeling a mixture of excitement and sadness each time a new one appeared. The cases weren’t all that interesting, but if he closed his eyes, he could picture John working on them and that smile that came over his face when he figured something out. Sherlock missed seeing that smile.
John looked at Sherlock's hand and then up to his face. "What? Are you going to do magic?" he teased.
Sherlock woke up the next day with his body aching -- for a second he forgot why, but had no regrets when he remembered. He’d enjoyed it. He’d enjoyed spending the evening with John. But that was over -- John was a busy student with a lot of work and Sherlock was . . . well, Sherlock, who should be working as well. When he got himself up and moving, he decided to find some work to do.
John leaned back and shrugged. "I think so. It's hard to imagine not knowing her," he said. He thought for a moment. "Yeah, I really think so."
She laughed as well. “Ah, there’s the old horrible Sherlock! I’ve not missed him. Get John back here so the nicer one returns.”
"We know, well, we think it's her boyfriend. I don't know what her level of involvement is, but this drug . . . it’s new and it's awful stuff."
John leaned up and kissed Sherlock's mouth. "To be fucked," he murmured against his lips, repeating Sherlock's words.
Sherlock waited for John’s response and when none came, he turned to look at him. “I mean, we’ve got time . . . so we could try. . .”
Sherlock got up and moved over to the kettle. “I thought you said you thought things weren’t normal . . .” he said casually.
Sherlock followed. “If working is just watching, I don’t think I can handle that,” he said and then smiled to himself at the irony. Thus far, that was what most of his work had consisted of, but he was working on Lestrade to give him more. In fact, he felt the same way about John. He’d also watched him, but wanted more and not just more of what they’d shared at John’s flat (though he did also want that).
Sherlock’s lips curled into a smile. “All right,” he said. “I still don’t have any condoms,” he added.
John grabbed the chair and pushed him back from the desk. "Don't tell me what to do. Everything is your stuff and everything is in my way so I am going to fix it," he said. He stepped in front of Sherlock and continued working.
John smiled. "It’s a nice atmosphere in here. I've just bought this," he said, holding up the book in his hand. "I thought I would start it now. Hey, um, what's your name?"
Sherlock heard John’s key in the lock -- he was back earlier than expected. He quickly tried to tidy up the mess he’d made all over the kitchen table, a bit annoyed that he had to stop his experiment before he’d found the answer.
"I did not think that," John protested. He noticed Sherlock raising his brows. "Okay, fine, maybe for a second. But honestly I didn't see how you were going to connect everything together."
Sherlock slicked his hand and moved it between John’s legs before starting a slow, slippery stroke on John’s cock. He watched for a minute and then looked up at John who was also watching. “Don’t forget it’s me touching you,” he said with a sly grin. “Don’t let the uniform get you too carried away.”
“I’m talking about business, sir. You know meetings and spreadsheets and suits and ties. We’re very serious about our business and we’re prepared to be serious about yours as well, if you’d like to make us an offer.”
Sherlock was trying to be patient. He stayed in Mycroft’s flat, read the news and checked John’s blog. He made no phone calls, sent no texts, and stopped sending any messages online. It was incredibly difficult, but he hoped his brother would soon set him free.
“I haven’t shot a single wall this week, you idiot!” Sherlock hit the door again and then stomped off to his bedroom, slamming the door for good measure.
John swallowed hard. "I -- I'm sorry," John said quietly. "I'm going to go . . . just out to get some food for us," he added.
John jumped when the phone buzzed in his hand. He didn't answer, just staring down at the phone. He'd messed up. He shouldn't have said anything.
“That must be the husband’s doing,” Sherlock grumbled. “Molly is smart and organised, but she’s not a control freak like that.”
Sherlock found this band’s music even more obnoxious, as he stood at the bar trying to get a drink. When he finally got one, he scanned the crowd. He was looking for the handsome man’s face. He didn’t see it, so he shifted position to get a different angle. Still nothing. In fact the more he watched, the more he wondered if he’d even recognize the guy. Was he sure the man in his dream was the man from last night? After an hour or so, he began to wonder why this even mattered. He decided it didn’t and headed home and flopped onto the sofa.
"She wasn't angry. Just surprised. She said it was . . . you know, sentimental," he said. "It surprised her."
Sherlock sat himself up a bit and reached for his clothes. "My body will have to get used to this . . . despite what you’ve seen of me, I don't actually do this very often," he said.
John nodded. He shifted up a bit and rolled on a condom, moving closer and lined up. He gazed down at Sherlock, leaning down to kiss him as he slowly pushed into his body.
John smiled. "She really threw you off, huh? You asked me that already. Tell me what you were trying to work on," he said.
“I don’t know that I’ve ever used those words in that order,” he said. He rolled over onto his side. “But I thought it’d be good and it was.”
"I've got a job. It's up north--the owners work with several rehab facilities to help people and I can work part time there. It's near my sponsor, just in case."
In the morning, John checked the blog and found the information about his new case. He started his research. The internet wasn't much help; he found the online profile but nothing else about the man. He saved the photos and searched for them individually and found the same face in stock photos. That wasn't a good sign, but maybe he was too shy to use his own face. John would  have to find out of any more pictures were exchanged besides these. For now he would give him the benefit of the doubt.
Sherlock sat down next to him, moving John’s computer onto his lap to read it over again himself. “The police should’ve contacted me about this.”
"I wouldn't know -- I was actually working all day," Sherlock said with a smile. "Are you still feeling tired or do you feel back to normal?"
“Firstly, don’t say ‘we’ to mean you and him. You and I are the only ‘we’ around here,” Sherlock said. “Secondly, I wish I had waited for you.”
John's brows furrowed. "I was on a date," he said. "Just for a couple hours. And I had my phone and you could’ve called if you needed anything."
They sat for a few moments as they ate. Then Sherlock said, “So . . . you’ve been doing cases . . .”
John felt stupidly happy - his sleep was relaxing and Sherlock loved him. He got out of bed and took a quick shower before getting dressed and heading downstairs to make breakfast.
It had taking him a minute, but Sherlock soon realised the utterly stupid joke John was making. He laughed aloud. “My god, John, are you really using the exact same prank you did as a child?” he asked. “You have some nerve judging my jokes.”
John curled close to him and sighed softly. He was nervous about Harry being out, about her coming over. When he started visiting she seemed well, she seemed to like it there better than other places. Maybe that was a good sign and she was better now. But how many times had he said before and been wrong?
She laughed and took her glass back. “I’m just tipsy,” she said. “Though I am starting to get tired. It’s been a long day -- lovely but long.”
John moved away long enough to get his clothes off. He couldn't stop looking at every inch of Sherlock. "You're really sexy," he murmured.
Sherlock thought for a moment. “All right, yeah,” he said. “We should plan something, I mean.” He paused for a moment. “Does your mum know you’re here?”
“Fine,” Sherlock huffed. “I’m just going to lie here and think of my next plan for you.” He rolled away from John. “And it’s going to be even more complicated than the last one. Hope you’re satisfied.”
John got into bed and pulled the covers up as he shifted to get comfortable. He thought about the conversation he just had with Sherlock -- maybe he must be annoyed with him for not helping with the case. He had a date, though, and he can't put everything in his own life on hold. But the Sherlock was his life now, too.
He turned his head and saw the clock. He’d slept for hours. He got up and went downstairs to take a shower and try to at least look like he’d actually done something of value today.
John was a bit taken aback, but he was smiling wide. "Oh, that's great. I was hoping I’d see you again as well."
She nodded. "He never gets presents like that, John. Last year, he brought me a scratch ticket. I think you should think about that."
Sherlock continued obeying Mycroft, trying his best to trust his brother. He’d made it clear to Mycroft that Baker Street was where he wanted to be, and despite his brother’s attempts, Sherlock was not going to change his mind. Eventually Mycroft seemed to accept that, but made him promise to lay low until the time was right.
John spent the rest of the day out of the house. He went for a run and bumped into some friends at the park. He met some friends for lunch and listened to their summer plans. They were a good laugh, but he found himself thinking about Sherlock again.
“John,” Sherlock exhaled at the touch. Someone else doing that to him felt much different than when he did it to himself. He reached down and touched John’s cock which was hot and hard. His hand mimicked John’s stroke.
Sherlock set out early to pay in his new cheque. On the way home, he treated Mrs Hudson to some flowers.
Sherlock watched John and listened as the woman spoke. At one point he started to ask a question, but John shot him a glance and he kept silent. The next question John asked was the one Sherlock had wanted the answer to -- was he reading his mind somehow? Unlikely, but whatever John was doing seemed to work.
“No,” Sherlock said, shaking his head. “In truth, I never really heard back from them so we’ll have to find another case.”
Sherlock shot him a look. “Don’t,” he said. “I’ll make a list for John . . . he can bring them here tomorrow,” he said defeatedly.
John found a fancy restaurant on his phone. After they cashed the ticket they went to dinner, getting an expensive bottle of wine. They talked about Sherlock and the flat and John’s search for work. Mrs Hudson talked about her own dating drama and told John stories about her ex-husband.
John looked at him closely before looking outside. He turned slowly and walked out of the library again. A car across the street flashed its lights. John's stomach sank. Mycroft. He considered walking away, but he knew he'd only be followed. He walked to the cab and opened the back door, getting in with a sigh.
“Sherlock couldn’t imagine doing the great things John had done, but he did kind of like the idea of his moving in because truthfully Sherlock was often afraid of things outside of his cave. Not just rumbling monsters, but other things as well. He wasn’t afraid of that dead bird, because he was able to figure out why it was dead. But there were things that he couldn’t figure out, things he couldn’t understand. And those things made him afraid.
John slept a little while longer before shifting to get comfortable. He bumped into someone and blinked his eyes open, seeing Sherlock staring at him. "Please tell me you got some sleep," he mumbled as he wiped his eyes.
Sherlock relaxed a little onto the sofa and ate some of his noodles. The film wasn’t too bad – he hadn’t seen it before and the case was quite interesting. However, it reminded him that they might not be working for a while, and he didn’t want any reminders of what was going on. “Have you figured it out yet?” he asked John. “It’s actually more complicated that I was expecting.”
John bit his lip to fight a satisfied grin. He paid when they arrived and led Sherlock inside. "It's not much," he said.
“An experiment -- in between cases,” Sherlock said. “Would having skins cells in your flat be a problem for you?”
She hurried off and John finished packing up. She returned a few minutes later, cheque in hand, but then there was a loud bang at her door. She quickly turned as Sherlock barged in.
“Well, just . . . be normal,” Sherlock said. He set the laptop on his desk chair and tried to get comfortable. “I’m glad you came by,” he said quietly. “I wish you’d done it differently, but I wish everything was different.” He paused for a minute before adding, “I’m sorry I didn’t write back.”
"Right, good," Sherlock said. He shifted his body a little. It's not that he wasn't comfortable, it was that he was almost too comfortable. He tried to prop himself up a little more and ended up elbowing John's back. "Sorry," he mumbled and then let out a little sigh as he readjusted.
“I know,” Sherlock said, stepping back and sitting down. He took a sip of whiskey. “I doubt anyone else on our street did that tonight.”
Sherlock looked at John. "I do," he said and then kissed his mouth hard. Then he sped up his stroke and moved his mouth to John's ear when he huffed, "Help me come, John."
He couldn’t look up at her. “I spent so much time remembering and now . . . the flat feels different and John’s gone off . . .”
Sherlock was already back on the sofa. “What film do you want to watch -- your pick. Anything is fine with me,” Sherlock called.
John laughed. "No." He grabbed the pad and hid it from Sherlock as he wrote down Mrs Hudson. Without showing Sherlock he got closer and replaced the note on Sherlock's forehead with the one he wrote. "You have to guess who I wrote."
He was clicking through newspapers online when he remembered John Watson suggesting that he set up a website. Would that help? Sherlock didn’t know, but after a little investigation of options, he started one. It kept him busy for a while and, though he probably wouldn’t have admitted it, he quite enjoyed putting it together. Whether or not it’d be worth it, he’d have to wait and see.
"I've tidied up and added . . . something special, I guess," Sherlock said, stepping back to reveal the flat. "Would you like tea or maybe a glass of wine?" he asked as he moved to the kitchen.
No one said anything for a minute so Sherlock added, “It’s the last night he’s staying over before you send me away . . .”
"Hmm. The most observant detective doesn't realise I left the house, what does that tell you?" he asked. He finished his food and got up to clean the plate.
John tilted his head a bit. He didn't know what Sherlock was asking for. Did he just want to hang out? It was odd, the rules of a flatmate. Some people hung out and became friends, others lived separate lives. "We don't have to be strangers, you know? We can be friends and hang out--" He cut off as the radio started to static. He moved closer and was about to turn it off when it kicked on again, playing music again.
“Right,” Sherlock said, rolling his eyes. “Regardless. So I’m heading to the security company -- you’re tagging along?” he asked.
Sherlock hoped that meant John heard what he was unable to say aloud. They closed their eyes and lay still together for a while. Sherlock was certain their hearts were beating in sync. Eventually, he put a kiss on the back of John's neck and said, "Maybe we should get up now."
“Fine, John -- you never let me do anything,” Sherlock groaned like a teenager. He probably should've been embarrassed, but all of his focus was on pretending things were normal. “I hope you’re not expecting me to start cooking as well,” he added.
"Uh, okay. Yeah. I could eat," John nodded. He didn't know what the plan was, but he was glad to be doing something normal -- easing into all of this. There'd been enough stress in this flat in the last twenty-four hours.
“Well, you’d better get used to it if you’re going into the Army,” Sherlock said. “Stop being a baby now -- let’s go to sleep.”
“Of course. Thank you for coming out. I just like to be sure, you know, and now I am,” Sherlock said. He pulled open the door. “Goodbye.”
He retrieved a cigarette and smoked it, not even bothering to open the window. Although he knew logically that the nicotine was actually stimulating his nervous system, he started to calm down a little. Why was he having such strong reactions to John the past few days? Was it just because he was struggling with this case -- was he just taking it out on the nearest person? Obviously, it could be just that, but Sherlock was sure it was something more.
John finished eating and moved to join him. "Do you mind?" he asked. He didn't know why he felt like he had to ask tonight.
She recognised that maneuver, so she stood up from the bed. “Rest up. When you come downstairs, you can make a fire for us before your father gets home.” She smiled. “Glad you’re here,” she added and then left.
"We don't know anything about what he wanted," John said. "He never said . . . never spoke about stuff like that."
Sherlock pulled out a jar from the bag. “I want to put in this from chemistry class -- I don’t know quite what it is, but I might in the future,” he said. “Maybe it’ll be an essential ingredient in something important.”
"No. Other things. Interests," John said. “You could tell me about all the interesting aspects of being a detective.”
John chuckled and sat down again with his book. "You can do whatever you like for your story," he said.
There was a knock at the door. Sherlock instinctively said John’s name and then felt embarrassed. The door opened and Mrs Hudson come in. “You busy?” she asked.
“This is ridiculous,” Sherlock muttered. He looked over at John. “Well, sit down or something, you’re annoying me just standing there.”
John glanced over his shoulder but didn't turn to look at him properly. He was silent for a few minutes. "Of course I want to know what you found," he admitted.
“The guy from the wedding . . . sorry, I was just chatting to Mrs Hudson who might have mentioned something about it . . .”
The last drink had gone a bit to Sherlock’s head, and he could feel himself relax into their motion. He put his mouth near John’s ear and whispered, “You’re a good dancer.”
John called out as the vibration pulsed through his every nerve. "Sherlock -- fucking hell," he gasped.
John read through the letter, biting his lip as he fought a smile. "Did you even like me when you wrote this?" he asked when he finished.
Sherlock stared at his phone for a few minutes. He’d enjoyed the conversation which meant he’d been right to start this little adventure. He wondered what Mrs Hudson would think. That made him smile.
Sherlock shifted more of his weight onto John. He could feel himself starting to get hard. John pushed his hands up to feel Sherlock's skin, tracing muscles and lines up to his chest and then back down again to start working open the buttons while they kissed. Sherlock exhaled when John’s hand touched his skin. It’d been a very long time since he’d been touched like this. His own hand moved to John’s waistband, opening his belt and popping over the button. “Okay?” he asked softly.
“I hate to break it to you, Mrs Hudson,” he said. “But he has an ulterior motive. But thanks,” he added, lifting his drink toward John.
"You should know, I'm excellent at poker," Sherlock said, sitting forward in his chair a little. "Excellent," he repeated.
"Good," Sherlock said. "Good," he repeated. They lay quietly for a few minutes as they caught their breaths and calmed their bodies.
“It’s my wife – I think she’s cheating – but she’s always there now so I couldn’t get the privacy to call. She sent me out to the shop near here, so I thought I’d come by.”
Sherlock finished his water. “I’ve moving in on Sunday -- I mean, that’s when I have to go,” he said.
John laughed softly. "No, Sherlock. I would never do such a thing. I'm the good flatmate, remember?"
"I've been thinking about it since you moved in," Sherlock admitted. He slipped his shirt over his head and pulled John's chest to his own. John moved his mouth lower, kissing along Sherlock's jaw, sucking his neck lightly. His hands explored every inch of Sherlock's exposed skin, thumbs rubbing over his nipples.
"With our height it's going to be a bit awkward, but I'm not losing." He took his jumper off and started unbuttoning his shirt.
A soft moan escaped from Sherlock's throat as he kissed John even more urgently. He dragged his mouth to John's ear, nipping and kissing, before moving it down to his neck. He sucked on the skin softly as he let his hand slid up and down the bare skin on the side of John's body. John moaned softly, tilting his head back. He hoped Sherlock left a mark. His own hands moved to touch as much as they could.
“Good,” Sherlock said. “I liked it.” He looked back up at the ceiling. “And you won’t do it with anyone else?”
“I know we’re just friends," Sherlock said softly. "But . . . that wasn’t so bad, was it?” He reached out and gripped John’s hips.
He stared at the words. He glanced at the clock and realised it was likely that as soon as he sent them, John would see them. Only a few seconds would pass between the thought moving from Sherlock’s head to John’s.
"Take them off," Sherlock said irritatedly. "Or go back out and get some milk. No, take them off then go back out and get some milk."
John sat in the pews near the back, trying to pay attention as the vicar went on and on. He knew it was a special day for Molly, and he was happy for her, but he was bored. He wanted to get to the reception and start the party. He looked at the people around him, then at the people on the other side of the church. Maybe some people-watching would keep him entertained for a while. It had to be almost over.
"Don't be cheeky," Sherlock said. He moved over to the sofa. "Get yourself a cup of tea, yeah?" he asked, picking up his own mug. Then he looked over. "I wasn't lying -- we're out of milk," he said. "Should we just go get something to eat? That unexpected expenditure of energy has actually made me a little bit hungry."
"Are you really in separate rooms? You can tell me, you know." She grinned stupidly again, and John wanted to shut the door in her face.
He’d been seen by a doctor who’d confirmed that no bones had been broken. He’d been told to rest and had been given painkillers, which Mycroft had confiscated.
That was interesting, Sherlock thought, as he took a quick sip of his drink and grabbed the wine glass, heading back to the table. As he approached, he saw the man sitting next to Mrs Hudson. He decided not to smile, but he couldn’t help appreciating his presence, hoping it would liven up the rest of the reception.
Sherlock turned. He could barely make out the roof of the cabin through the trees. “Don’t eat all our food in the first hour,” he teased.
"I wouldn't know," Sherlock said, though he wasn't sure why. "Though I know he has nightmares sometimes."
"Harry, just go up to bed," John said firmly. "I'll bring some water and medicine for the morning. We'll talk then."
In the morning, Sherlock was up before anyone else. He went downstairs and put the kettle on, making a pot of tea. He took a mug out to the back garden where he smoked a cigarette, finishing right before his mother appeared.
“I’m afraid I don’t,” Sherlock said. “Again, my behaviour at the wedding is not indicative of my normal life. I don’t have friends. Except Mrs Hudson, I guess, but we don’t need to tell her that.”
Sherlock glanced up at his mum who was now busying herself in the kitchen. He broke off some of his sandwich and put it on John’s plate. “I found the perfect place,” he said softly.
“No, you asked for skills – I’m not good at magic, but I can show you something I am good at,” Sherlock said, grabbing John’s hand and pulling him up.
John took a deep breath. He really didn't want to fight tonight. He looked around and saw a tall, handsome man standing close to him. He grabbed the man's arm and tugged him close. "This is my boyfriend. I told you, I'm taken. Right, babe?" He looked up at the man with a knowing look, hoping he would play along.
Sherlock spent the next few days not doing much at all, but then Lestrade stopped by to talk to him about a case. However, talk was really all he wanted. Sherlock did his best to impress upon the Lestrade how much more help he could offer.
Sherlock looked at the door and then back to John. "Really? That seems a little complicated," he said. "Especially when it's so cold."
John put money on the table. "Yes, I'll call you." He hurried out of the restaurant and hailed a cab.
“I’m not interested in your helping me remind me on that account,” Sherlock said. He lay quietly with his eyes closed for a few moments. “Do you think we will do things like that again or was it just a one-off because you felt bad for me?” he asked quietly.
At the hotel, Sherlock spent two hours alone in the bathroom. He stripped himself of his dirty clothes and took a hot bath. He closed his eyes and tried to remember; unfortunately, some details did reveal themselves and Sherlock knew the pain would be with him for quite some time. When he eventually got out, he inspected his naked body in the mirror. There were marks and bruises on his back. He knew there was probably worse damage under the skin.
John shook his head. "I don't think so. I'm not that picky, you know?" He realised that sounded stupid, especially to Sherlock who watched him come home from many failed dates.
Outside of the flat John hesitated, looking up at their window for several minutes before finally letting himself in and going up to their flat. He hung his coat and looked around, impressed with Sherlock for actually cleaning up.
Sherlock moaned at the touch of John's mouth and slipped his hand into John's hair, pulling it lightly.
Sherlock stood up. “Do I have to do everything around here?” he complained, smiling a little. Even though he didn’t have all the pieces to the case, he knew it wouldn’t be long until he did, and that relief had lightened his tension.
When Sherlock got John’s letter about Christmas, he’d already known what it was going to say. His mum had talked to John’s mum, and she’d warned him in advance. It didn’t matter, he told himself. He missed John so much, but he knew they both were growing up. He guessed that growing up meant growing apart.
“God, John,” Sherlock moaned. He pushed his head against the bed and squeezed his eyes shut. His hand moved from John’s shoulder to cover his face as his breath started to catch in his throat. He forced himself to take one deep breath to try to relax himself, so he could enjoy the sensation. His hips rocked gently against John, though he kept his focus on his breathing so the pleasure wouldn’t overtake him. When he got too close, he reached down to touch John’s face.
“Nothing hurts -- I’m normal,” Sherlock said. “You know what I mean. Maybe I’m a little tired still, but otherwise I’m fine. One glass of wine isn’t going to make a difference.”
Mrs Hudson frowned and got up. “You are such a baby,” she said and handed him the pack of cigarettes.
“No, it wasn’t,” she said. “I don’t know what you’re playing at but you’re not police and you’re not a collector -- if so, you’d never use the word ‘ridiculous’ to describe a work by the greatest living painter. If you’ll excuse me, I have better things to do with my time.” She moved away from them.
John knew the lack of a direct answer meant Sherlock still couldn’t remember. He changed the subject.
John's whole body warmed at Sherlock's touch. His mind played back the two of them on Sherlock's chair and based on the look Sherlock was giving him, he was sure his own pupils dilated at the image. "It wasn't . . ." he paused and tried to get his thoughts in order. "I can show you.”
“Are you all right?” John asked. He was still processing his own feelings, but was aware of the danger Sherlock might have faced.
He picked up the papers and hurried back home. He had twelve messages from Sherlock already so when he arrived, he rushed upstairs without remembering what he was wearing.
John shrugged as he got out of his own head. "I don't know that either," he said. "You'll have to tell me."
“Fuck,” Sherlock said, squeezing his eyes shut. “It’s good,” he mumbled, pulling a little on John’s hair. He ran his other hand over his chest and then dropped it to the mattress, gripping the duvet. John hummed around Sherlock's cock and added a second finger, curving them against to tease his prostate.
“There’s a small oven, but cooking over the fire could be fun,” she said, winking at John. “I thought you might want to show off your skills.”
Sherlock gave him a skeptical look. "I don't care what you do," he said. "Honestly." He took a drink. "I'm taking a drink because I'm thirsty," he clarified.
Sherlock laughed. "Your poker face needs work," he said. He handed John the deck. "Shuffle again before taking them if you don't trust me."
Sherlock stared forward, watching the team get into place. Then one kicked the door open and the police rushed in. Sherlock broke away from Lestrade and followed.
“All right then,” Sherlock said. He wasn’t sure why he was even talking to this guy, let alone acting this way. All he’d wanted to do was get in Lestrade’s good books, but now he was interacting and probably making a fool of himself like he had in the past.
John took another photo of the pile of things he'd been compiling while waiting for a reply from Sherlock.
"I don't remember actually -- I think I might have had a plan when I came up with this whole thing, but I've forgotten now," Sherlock said with a little laugh. "I'm putting my pajamas on, all right?"
Lestrade coughed and said, “Not yet . . . we’ve got the blood of a dead man, though, so you can start there.”
"No. I think things have been pretty normal actually." John stretched and looked over at Sherlock. "I'm off to bed," he announced.
Anxiety spiked through Sherlock’s stomach. “John, you’re a doctor,” he said, but realised he didn’t know where he was going with this thought. “I don’t like this,” he repeated.
Sherlock wanted to stop Moriarty. He’d been obsessed with stopping him; he’d wanted to know everything and then stop everything. Those desires had not left Sherlock. But now, knowing that doing all this was also hurting John, things felt even more urgent. He threw himself into the work, knowing that the sooner he found what Mycroft was looking for, the sooner Sherlock could end this all and go home.
Sherlock slipped open the button on John's jeans and undid the zip. "Can I touch you?" he whispered in John's ear.
In the morning, Sherlock was up, showered, and out of the flat early. He had a few tests he wanted to do in the lab and then he was hoping he’d be able to secure the ingredients and test a few recipes. He would be busy and focused and those were the days he loved best.
“I like that,” Sherlock mumbled stupidly. He moved even closer. “Keep doing that, I think,” he said as he went back to the kiss.
Lestrade recognised the sound of desperation in Sherlock’s voice. His heart went out to John actually. “Well, there’s something you two could work on,” he said.
Sherlock stared at the question for a few moments. He could say yes and then forget all about his stupid plans. But he didn't.
Sherlock had finished Mycroft’s research by the end of the week. It was challenging and Mycroft had known it, but of course his brother hadn’t offered much praise for getting it down quickly and effectively. He hadn’t expected any, of course. He lit a cigarette as he walked out of Mycroft’s office building. When he got to the corner, he found himself standing in a front of a small pub. He headed in and saw him -- the short man. He was sitting at the bar.
"Hmm?" John asked as if he hadn't heard the question. He didn't know Sherlock well enough to get into his personal business, so he sipped his tea instead.
“My grandmother will be very upset if you burn down this cabin,” Sherlock said. “Remember, it took her years to forgive you for winning all the games at my tenth birthday party.”
“Well, I am quite a nice person,” he said, picking up his own cup and taking a sip. “Maybe you forgot that.”
Sherlock pushed his face into his pillow to wipe his eyes. Then he closed them and took a picture in his head of what he imagined they looked like lying there, so he would always remember everything about this night.
John grinned. "Give me your list so I can go pack your bag," he said. "And next time, try and actually be careful so you don't have to be 'abandoned.’"
John closed his eyes and tried to pretend no one was there, but that was stupid. He moved away from the wall and looked up. "Yeah, it’s me," he said.
John hailed a cab and they headed home. He saw the lights on upstairs and, after leaving Mrs. Hudson and thanking her for sharing her winnings, he headed up quietly in case Sherlock was working.
“You’re welcome,” Sherlock said. He looked around the flat a little. “So . . . you’re back to work tomorrow?”
John watched him as he said all of this, taking a sip of his wine. "I know we're not going to be able to stop you from acting so rash, but you never know with some time. You're still not used to working with a partner. Maybe the more time we spend together the easier it'll be for you to tell me where you're going -- to wait for me."
John nodded as he caught his breath. He pulled out and tossed the condom, lying next to Sherlock. "Fantastic."
Sherlock slid into the backseat of the van. Ellen slid in next to him. “No one else will say it, but you’re the reason we won,” she said.
"Nope. I've wanted to meet you since John's first blog post. I'm not going anywhere. He'll be home soon anyway because he's probably worried about what I'm saying to you."
“Pick whatever film you want,” Sherlock said as he sat down. “I’m not promising I’ll enjoy it, but I’ll try.”
"This isn't about justice. I think half of it is staged," John said. "It's just mindless entertainment."
“Yes, I’m fine. We’re both fine, so stop being so uptight,” Sherlock said. “In fact, you’ll definitely need to lighten up to fully experience the activity I’ve come up with.” He winked at John and finished his tea.
He took advantage of the morgue’s equipment for as long as he could, but when Molly came in to say she was leaving, he packed up the information he’d gathered and said he’d go with her. He walked her to her door and then made his way back to Baker Street, dragging multiple books from his shelf to begin researching what he’d found.
John bit his lip to fight a smile. "Yes sir," he said, moving around Sherlock to get to the bedroom.
“That’s good,” Sherlock mumbled. Because it was. It felt incredibly good. He spread his legs a little.
“You’re already the strongest person I know,” Sherlock said. “Go for flying. What would you do? Where would you go?”
“All right,” she said. “We don’t have to go to the ceremony,” she said. “But we’re doing a dinner with your grandparents when we get back and there’s nothing you can do about it.”
Sherlock was glad to hear John’s voice, but he didn’t feel better. “Just wrap it up quickly,” he said. “You’re needed here.”
Sherlock found himself smiling. He pressed his mouth against the back of John’s neck, which he realised meant he was giving him a kiss. It was an odd thing to find himself doing. “I’m glad you came with me,” he said.
A wave of relief came over Sherlock. “Good,” he said. He picked up his wine glass and finished it off. “Would you like a glass?” he asked, getting up.
“Definitely . . . you help so much with the cases,” Sherlock said, not really listening as he slipped his hand fully into John’s hair now. “You help so much with everything really, but what I’m going to show you, I think you’ll find quite helpful.”
John picked up lunch and came home to find Sherlock was gone. He sat in his chair and ate a sandwich. He was digging out his phone to call Sherlock when it started ringing in his hand. Assuming it was from the surgery he picked it up, and in a way he was right. It was the woman he'd met in the lobby. Her interview had gone all right but not great -- which was good news for John. They talked for a few minutes and then made plans for that night.
“Did you ever think of doing regular follow ups?” Sherlock said. “I mean, it turns out things are fine now, but how can I be sure they’ll stay that way? Perhaps return visits should be a part of your regular service.”
Sherlock laughed. “Oh no, no, no, Doctor Watson – this doesn’t have anything to do with me. I’ll have you know that I am totally into whatever sexual practice occurred in your mind last night, I’ve done it multiple times, and I don’t care if you know it. This is totally about you. If you’re a big prude, that’s fine but don’t pretend that your reaction is about protecting me.”
When Sherlock went into his room, he didn't get his computer or a book out. Instead, he lay down, turned off the lamp and thought for a while about their unfinished conversation. In truth, he had thought about his feelings for John before tonight, but obviously he'd never dreamed he'd be in a position to discuss them. It hadn't seemed like John was interested in those kinds of feelings from a man. Those feelings usually did complicate things so Sherlock had decided he'd just keep all that to himself. Even though it was clear he'd been failing to hide it -- he knew Mrs Hudson must know, and the jokes others made means they probably saw through him as well. He always let John dismiss it, though. It seemed easier that way.
“I know, John,” Sherlock said softly. He stood still, not moving despite the urge to. “You had to . . . you were all at risk . . . so it had to look real. But it wasn’t.”
“You’ve seen my flat -- that business is not a priority to me,” Sherlock said. He looked around. John wasn’t lying. “Why is it so empty?” he asked.
John fell asleep easier than the past few nights, wrapped up in Sherlock's arms. It was comfortable and warm.
“I am, aren’t I?” Sherlock said, lifting his hands to John’s head and pulling him down for a kiss. John had been right, of course – they were friends and colleagues, this wasn’t a part of their relationship, but somehow this seemed so natural and easy.
John nodded. "Yeah . . . I'm hoping to play rugby," he said. He glanced at Sherlock, almost nervously.
“Fine,” Sherlock said, rolling his eyes. “Let’s try this. If we could go anywhere tonight for dinner, money and location irrelevant, where would you want to go and what would you want to eat?”
"I know," John said. He followed Sherlock's gaze and hoped he wouldn't see Harry staring down at them. "I know, but she's already up there in my room and she just . . . it's just a couple days."
Sherlock stopped rubbing and looked down at John. "Well, now you're just mocking me," he said with a little laugh. "Come on, get up -- if I'm so great, why haven't you made me a cup of tea?" He shifted a little awkwardly, but stayed smiling.
"Fine," Sherlock said begrudgingly. "Just like a client." He looked at her closely, up and down her body and then said, "Hold out your hand, flat in front of you, please."
Sherlock kept the rhythm steady, though he knew he was teetering on the edge of exploding. “John,” he said, just because it was the name of all the best feelings in the world.
John glanced over at Sherlock and then turned off the light, so it was almost dark in the room. He shifted to get more comfortable, bringing his own feet up as well. "One time, two kids went to the zoo and while they were there, they saw a tiger." He stopped and grinned at Sherlock, waiting.
Sherlock’s hand sped up on John. He started letting himself go -- his breath was rough, his hips thrusting. “I’m going to explode . . . oh god,” he cried and then came, spilling over John’s hand. He tried to keep his hand moving on John as his orgasm moved through his aching body.
She walked with him to the front door and then marched up the stairs and straight into Sherlock’s flat.
Sherlock stepped behind the desk and opened its drawers. Nothing looked unusual. He pulled the sheets from the printer.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. Then he turned down the volume and asked quietly, “Have you heard any noises in the house?”
“Lawrence, I’ll be sure your employer finds out how useful you were to our investigation,” Sherlock said. “We’ll be back if we have further questions.”
Sherlock finished his tea. "I hope you're right," he said. "Are we going to do something now -- watch television or should I just go to my room?" he asked, changing the subject.
“You always think positive, and it’s really annoying,” Sherlock said, grabbing a pillow and hitting John.
Sherlock decided to take a bath instead of a shower. Why not? There was no rush to go do something. The hot water felt quite good, and he found himself nodding off once or twice. How could he be so tired when it felt like he’d done nothing since this had all started. It was like he hardly even moved his body anymore.
"Of course," John said. "I'll tell you what -- I’ll bring your stuff here this evening and see how you’re feeling then, okay?"
John shivered and smiled. "Just a few more songs," he said. He turned his head so the words were spoken into Sherlock's jaw.
“I confess my payment to Mrs Hudson is not always consistent, with your new job, you’d be able to contribute something to the rent on a regular basis?”
John went through the rest of his jobs with a lighter step. He'd been right about Sherlock's motives, and now they had a date. He thought about it all day. When he got home that night he found Sherlock's number and saved it into his phone.
John paused the film and looked over at Sherlock. "Are you sure you're okay?" he asked. Maybe Sherlock was uncomfortable with John in his room. John had never spent much time in here before - maybe this was too much too soon?
“So you admit it –- your intention is to get sex. I knew it,” Sherlock said. He took a sip of tea even though it was still too hot. “I don't know. Maybe you should have that intention with me . . . you already said I fit all your criteria. Unless you really do fancy blondes. . .”
“You’re the only one I trust,” Sherlock said. He led them into the kitchen where he washed up his things.
John was called for the job and started working right away. It was boring work, but it was busy and it kept his day moving along. The woman who hired him usually stopped into his office for a chat. He could tell that she was flirting, but he hadn't decided what he wanted to do about that.
John smiled softly and closed it back into the envelope. He leaned over and kissed Sherlock. "Not at all."
Sherlock shut his eyes. He didn’t want John to go away at all obviously, but it was Sherlock who had gone away before and even after the lack of communication, it was so clear they belonged together. Now they both understood this in a way they hadn’t before. If they had survived those years, they could survive this.
"I have never . . . masturbated in this flat," Sherlock said. He swirled the wine in his glass and then look straight at John, waiting for his answer.
Once he was clean, he felt a bit better. He took a cup of tea to his desk and began searching the newspapers for possible cases. It didn’t take long to find a few possibilities, so he called Lestrade at Scotland Yard to remind him of his existence. He wasn’t in, which annoyed Sherlock. He wanted to work on some real cases.
"Okay," Sherlock said, standing up. "Long enough for you to do the laundry and for me to do the washing up--unless you'd like to also do the washing up as well?" he asked with a cheeky grin as he took John's plate to the sink.
“All right,” Sherlock said. “I don’t think we should go far actually -- I mean, not across the country or anything. I’ve only just come back, I mean.”
"It's just the embellishments - that's what you called them. It's not straight facts, like you'd write," John explained.
This meant that, finally, Sherlock could go to sleep. Fall to sleep, to be more precise. The minute he’d hit Send, the adrenaline that had kept him wired started to dissipate, and he moved like a zombie, closing up his laptop and making his way to the toilet. By the time he got into his room, he crashed onto the bed, fully dressed, and functionally dead to the world.
Sherlock hummed with approval, but the shift in position meant he could no longer reach John’s cock. Instead he gripped John’s shoulder, kneading the muscle with his long fingers. John kept going, licking and softly blowing air on his nipple. The sound Sherlock made had John smiling as he moved down lower. When Sherlock realised what John was doing and his body filled with tension in anticipation. He dropped his head to watch as John moved down his body. John used his hand first, stroking Sherlock before slowly taking him into his mouth.
"Are you planning on staying naked indefinitely?" Sherlock said laughing. "I wasn't planning on getting up. It's just that I feel awake now and . . . I don't know where I was going with that." He laughed again.
When John woke up, he forgot where he was for a moment. He had a headache, and when he tried to move he found himself tied up in a chair. He closed his eyes and took a couple deep breaths and opened his eyes again, refocused. Amanda was sitting in front of him with a smirk while her boyfriend was pacing around the room.
So far things were going okay. There was a part of him that wished John would stop asking about school, as if not mentioning meant they hadn’t spent those years apart. He knew that was stupid. There were moments, though, when he forgot about the things that had happened at school, and things felt the same as they had before he left. He hoped that would keep happening.
"No, you're safe -- this one I bought," Sherlock called. The kettle had boiled by the time he had put the pastry on the plate. He made the tea and brought two mugs in, setting them down on the table. He nipped back to the kitchen and pulled a small package from a cupboard and then balanced the plate on top of it. "Here you go," he said. "I did make one other thing."
“You’re the most important person to me,” Sherlock said. “You always have been. I never really said it before I left, and I wish I had. I guess it means I loved you then and I still feel the same. I just wanted to say it now, so you know.”
Days turned into weeks. His classes picked up and so did rugby. John didn't write Sherlock again. He decided not to until he got a letter from Sherlock, so he would have something to write back to.
Sherlock took a sip of tea. "Do you think it's a good idea for her to go talk to Clara?" he asked tentatively. "Maybe you could meet her at lunch?"
“No, I kept that one safe,” Sherlock said. He glanced around. “I wasn’t expecting a guest obviously.”
When John got home he called out for Sherlock, moving around the flat. He'd seen Sherlock's coat, so he knew he wasn’t out somewhere. He moved to Sherlock's bedroom, looking at the door. He'd never bothered Sherlock here before. He knocked softly. "Sherlock?"
He opened his eyes again as they pulled into the cottage drive. He hadn’t been there for years, but he recognised it from the many weeks he’d spent there as a child. He grabbed his bag and followed Mycroft who unlocked the door. His mother had changed a few things, but it still felt the same inside.
Sherlock could see that this was not the time to have this conversation. "Perhaps it's best to deal with your sister before we continue this conversation," Sherlock said.
He got up and retrieved the business card that he’d left leaning against the skull on the mantel. He took it and his cup of tea to the window, which he opened before lighting a cigarette. He rang the number on the card.
“It’s easier to show than tell you,” Sherlock said. “Try to relax a little . . . minds work better when they’re less stressed.” He grabbed John’s glass and took a big swallow of wine before handing it back. “Finish up now.”
John let himself in and climbed the steps slowly, moving into the flat. He looked over at Sherlock, still in his chair. "I have your usual," he said.
“This is sexy,” Sherlock said. He dropped his head to suck on John’s neck as his hand found John’s cock and he started a slow stroke.
"I'm trying to keep my mind active, John," Sherlock said. "I know this is our first winter together, but I don't do well unless my mind is active and your trapping me in this flat with nothing to do is not going to get any prettier." He turned and flopped his legs up onto the sofa to add drama to his pout.
Sherlock looked at his hand and then looked over at John's face, studying it. "Are you sure you shuffled well? First hand . . . a straight," he said as he lay down his cards with a cheeky smile.
"There's a man out on the street, John," he said. The man looked miserably cold and almost fell twice on the ice. Sherlock took a long drink of his tea. "You said no one was allowed on the street, which was quite blatantly a lie."
Harry shook her head and sat opposite Sherlock at the desk. "No, I want to keep talking with you. I like you."
"Sherlock, all I'm doing is working the case and using my skills to do it. You want me to stop? That's fine. But if I stop then I stop across the board -- you can work the case alone."
“Well, I wanted to be sure,” Sherlock said. “As I said, it hasn’t seemed right. I’m very particular about . . . water.” That wasn’t quite what he’d intended to say, but it’s what came out. “I suppose you are as well.”
"Outrageous," Sherlock said. "Despite being right, she shouldn't have made assumptions." He looked closely at John's face. "Do you think it's been obvious?"
“All right,” Sherlock said. “I’ll make sure everything’s all nice and tidy before I go to sleep.” He gave John a smile and then got back to work.
“Thank you very much,” Sherlock said. He looked down at the road which was empty. Then a man came into view. “Hey, there’s a guy down there,” he reported to John. “Should I ring the police?”
In the car, Sherlock leaned his head on the window’s glass and closed his eyes. In truth, he still felt tired -- his body and his brain. He needed to find that memory. He knew he was blocking it, which likely meant it was his own fault. That was what he was going to do on this stupid ‘break’: rest himself until he was able to remember and not make the same mistake again.
It was like a conversation. A short one and of course John didn’t know it was him, but still it felt good. It felt real. God, Sherlock missed John.
Sherlock kept his eyes on the film, but he didn’t feel quite settled. It was like he wanted more -- some words or actions as proof that things would feel the same again, so he could be sure that John was still his best friend.
“I said we wanted to go out to the shed, so they didn’t worry if they heard the door,” Sherlock said, taking the box from John. “I gave them a sad face and they fell for it,” he added.
