"John," Sherlock says, and shuts his eyes. "The only time I—" he breathes out, shakily. This is difficult for him. "—I'm only happy when you're here. Both of you."
"I don't know for sure if this bloke Lestrade was one of them," John said. "But, um. Just so you know."
John thought.
He was tense. Ill at ease. There was something of the soldier in him still, even after all these years. He did not like to be comfortable while awaiting the start of the battle.
There is no room for smiling, here. Not here, in the building where Mary died. Which is why John should not be here at all.
Sherlock breathed in, and when he spoke again his voice was rapidfire. "You'd have wanted revenge, of course—your entire team betrayed and murdered, your life snatched away in an instant. But it's difficult to exact revenge when you don't know who betrayed you. So you kept your head down, kept working, did whatever you were paid to do until suddenly a gift dropped right into your lap. Too good to resist."
She introduces herself. He automatically deletes her name, then regrets it. (Force of habit. He'll need to work on that if he intends to ingratiate himself to John's future paramours.) She is a doctor, he deduces. Brilliant. She and John will have loads in common.
Sherlock did not respond.
I took work where I could get it."
"No," Sherlock said. He did not stand up, did not pull his gaze away from Victoria's face. "I'm rather partial to the green."
"I think we're remarkably well-suited," Sherlock said.
"First name basis already? You
She patted him on the arm, disappeared back down the hall.
"Yeah, no, I don't think so," John said, and stepped out into the snow. He kept a hand on the side of the car, put his head down, carefully waded towards Sherlock's voice.
John jerked as if he'd been punched. He did not look away from Sherlock's face. "Yes."
The room is quiet. This is good, this is what he wanted. Peace and quiet, a place to let his thoughts unspool, a place to let himself go and then pull himself back together. He does not want companionship or friendly conversation, not tonight.
"John—" Mary said. Her voice was low.
"Oh, are you leaving?" Janine almost sounded dismayed. "I was going to order takeaway."
He left his wet, muddied clothes in a heap on the floor. They'd have to be thrown out. He'd never get the smell of mud and rot (and death) out of them.
John put his phone in his pocket without waiting for Lestrade's response.
He pressed the palm of his hand against his pocket, against the hard case of the phone. Hesitated. Drew it out again. Looked at it.
"Two guest exits, there and there," Sherlock said, dropping his voice low as John approached. "Side door that leads to the kitchen. Ceremony will be held in that room to the left—they've already set up the chairs. Guests will funnel through here—" he pointed, "—and will take their assigned seats for the reception."
Baker Street. All right, then.
"Sherlock," Mycroft had said. There had been a warning in his voice.
We're not here because—because we're supposed to be, or because it's the right thing to do."
"I've already tried. There's no service."
"And what if she wished to meet Rosamund?"
Sherlock kissed like a drowning man gasping for air. Like he thought he'd never have another chance.
Sherlock's eyes went very wide. He stilled, breathing hard, waiting. John could feel the live-wire tension vibrating in his frame.
"—Bluebell," she said.
"What does it matter? It's still cold."
"Insufferable?" he asked.
"She—" John had said, and Sherlock had turned towards him, startled by the hitch in his voice. Tempers had been high, certainly, but he'd been given to understand that was fairly typical with adolescents and not to be taken personally.
Sherlock had said nothing. Went on waiting. Wondered how it had come to be that John had got it so very wrong. It was his own fault, he supposed.
"Your brother listened to you," John said. The smile had disappeared from his voice. "I don't really know what—well. Apparently, someone had part of Moriarty's brain in a jar. That's very—um. Well, I guess I can't say I'm
His vision blurred. His knees buckled and he grabbed at the armrests, desperately trying to hold himself up, pushing himself forward towards John.
John flinched. He nodded, looked down at his hands.
The man looked at him for a long moment without answering.
Sherlock bent down and picked her up without batting an eye, balanced her on his hip. She squealed with glee, buried her face in his neck.
Mycroft rocked back on his heels ever-so-slightly, his face carefully blank, his eyes telling another story entirely.
"I'm sorry," he tried.
as Sherlock himself had said.
Sherlock shifted where he stood. "I'd already caused you a great deal of difficulty. I hadn't intended—it was not my intention to upset you." His voice was stiff, defensive.
Sherlock hesitates, indecisive, studying him. "Sharks are disinterested in human flesh," he says, finally.
John's blood pulsed in his veins. His muscles were tensed, coiled. He felt ready for anything. He felt the corner of his mouth curl up into a small smile as he climbed. His hand tightened where it gripped his gun.
Sherlock's mouth twitches. He looks away from John, back towards the dog. Rosie grabs onto his arm again and tugs. This time he goes willingly, crossing through the doorway with her just ahead, leading the way.
John wanted to stroke his hair. He clenched his fist against his thigh instead. Giggled.
"Careful," John said, his voice low. "Or you'll bring the whole thing down with you."
"You," Mary said.
"Yes," Sherlock said, and there it was again, that dull sick feeling. He looked down at his hands.
John had put Rosie back down on the ground by her toys, had disappeared downstairs with some uncomfortable mumbling about assisting Mrs Hudson. Predictably, Rosie immediately began tugging at the dress.
"I have to go," he said, and stood up.
"Oh."
"I've—um. This isn't the first time I've been here. Since."
Sherlock did not respond.
"You don't need to be polite," John said. His voice felt mushy in his mouth. "It's all family here."
"Yes," John said. "Cath. From the surgery. She was friendly with Mary, she—" he stopped, cleared his throat. "She and her husband took Rosie for a while. Right after. While I—" he stopped again, looked helplessly at Sherlock.
"I know," John said, and he thought again of Evan as he'd last seen him. Evan, on the ground with his eyes wide open. There had been no peace in his expression, no comfort. "I'm sorry."
The restaurant was no longer quite so crowded. The last lingering diners were finishing their meals, their conversations low and hushed.
John frowned. Considered. Could Rosie have—? He dismissed the thought almost immediately. Even if she'd managed to climb up on the furniture to reach the window, she'd never have had enough leverage to pull it open.
"How long?" John asks. He tugs at Sherlock's shirt, as if for emphasis. "How long have you—" he breathes out, hard, and kisses Sherlock instead, frantic close-mouthed pecks. "No, wait, don't answer that. I don't think I—I don't want to know. Oh, God. All these years. I had it wrong, didn't I? I had it all wrong."
She wasn't Sherlock's lover, not the way he'd feared, but she had become his friend. And oh, it wasn't rational, and it wasn't fair, but he hated her a little bit for it all the same. For the way that she knew what had taken him years to realise.
and then Sherlock's face hardened once more.
He shivers.
Someone was breathing in the darkness just behind him.
One of the boys snatched the bag out of his hand.
The café was crowded, bustling. All around them, people were engaged in lively, boisterous conversation. The silence at their own table grated.
He is hauled to his feet, takes two stumbling steps to the place where he is meant to have fallen. Someone dribbles blood in his hair. It slips, thick and cold, down his face. His throat closes up again and he struggles against the hands holding him firm.
That had stung, a bit.
"Oh, come on," John said. "You know what she was like. She'd have made all kinds of noise about the kind of life we lead and all of the excitement and then she would have given Rosie a hug and told her to be careful and that would have been that."
"Not anymore," he said.
"Mm," she said, utterly disinterested. She tapped something on her phone.
"Red velvet, very popular right now," she said, pointing. "Or a classic wedding white?"
John bounced her again, kissed the top of her head. Looked up to see Sarah watching him. Her arms were folded, and a smile curved at the edge of her mouth.
Lose everything. Fail. Return. Suffer.
Sherlock only tended to frown over corpses if they were boring (or people he knew—no—delete—
"Sherlock—"
John blinked, shook his head, momentarily thrown. He was logged in as Alice. He shouldn't still be able to see the friend request from Pete, so why—
but does not speak out loud.
He waited another moment, and then went out into the hall, stepped cautiously downstairs. Sherlock's coat was gone. His own hung forlornly on the peg by the door.
he thought, but didn't say. She'd spent more time at his house than her own in the days immediately following Mary's death. She'd tended to Rosie, she'd wordlessly cleared away messes, she'd done laundry, she'd arranged meals. He'd done absolutely nothing to help, had wandered around numb and bewildered and furious. Insubstantial. A ghost in his own home.
He held Sherlock's gaze for a moment, then looked down. Nodded.
"Yeah, Sherlock, look it's—it's the middle of the night. You woke me up from a dead sleep," John says. "And I'm—yeah, I'm pretty sure I wouldn't be following any of this even if I were wide awake."
"Oh," John said, when it appeared that Sherlock would not be responding. "Well—it's—been fun."
"It's no bother," she touched his forehead, tipped his head back to look at the bandage. A sly smile lifted the corner of her mouth. "Got me out of the office a bit early."
"Just, I've been—" he said. He swallowed, shook his head. The words would not come.
He stood up, careful not to disturb Rosie. It was getting to be past her bedtime, and he still had a taxi ride across London to contend with.
"Call the police in Chelmsford."
He had made the regrettable error of assuming that all Detective Inspectors possessed Lestrade's ability to endure the occasional insult in service of the greater good.
"Nearly two inches of root growth on that hair. Clearly not a natural blonde."
Rosie shifted in his arms, lifting her head. She let out a little whimper.
He'd nodded slowly, looked around the room again. "How was this arranged?"
"Right," he said again. "Yeah." He wondered what she meant by that, and found himself unable to meet her eye, casting desperately around the room for something to grab his attention.
"Past tense?" Sherlock asks. His voice is carefully neutral, but John hears the question.
Originally posted
Sometimes Sherlock is sitting in his chair in 221B when John arrives with Mrs Hudson for one last look around. He stands up with a wince and a quiet beseeching
"Just. This. All of this. All of this, because sometimes when I look at you, I want to kiss you, and I don't know what to do with that."
He paid little attention to where he was going, simply moved with the ebb and flow of the city. He kept his hand cupped around the phone in his pocket, protective, sheltering.
She let out a sad little hiccup of a laugh, twisted the stem of her wine glass between her fingers.
"Well.“ Mycroft said, after a moment. He looked down at his half-eaten apple tart, back up at Sherlock. "I’ve had the guest room prepared. I imagine you’ll be wanting some rest.”
Sherlock had hesitated, just a moment, and then he'd laughed too. The sound was rich, and genuine. His eyes had been bright.
Specifically, that John cared about
There were two singed holes in the chair back, the white leather curling outward. Someone
Sherlock had set appointments. Sherlock had sat patiently with Mary, had spent time going over small details, had tasted cakes and looked at fabric swatches and made suggestions, had toured locations and decided on menus, had done all of that and a thousand more things that by all rights should have driven him mad with boredom. But he'd done it without complaint, and he'd done it
"Okay," she said, and looked back down at the corpse.
John felt a smile curling inappropriately at the corner of his mouth. He cleared his throat, shifted where he stood.
"On. The. Table." Sherlock spoke slowly, dragging the words out. He rolled his eyes, pointed back towards where he'd been sitting.
She was lovely, John thought in a detached way. Not his type, but he could see why someone would—why even Sherlock would—
"She didn't harm you," he said. "She had ample opportunity, and she chose to drug you and leave you behind with a message. But she murdered someone in order to position herself close to you."
John froze, halfway to removing his coat.
"Please," John said softly. He shut his eyes, breathed.
There is no permanent place for John Watson, widower and single father, amidst the clutter and chaos of 221B. Sherlock has made allowances for him, for Rosie. He can see it in the way that Sherlock keeps his more gruesome and toxic experiments safely hidden away, the way he will pause in the midst of an excited deduction to lower his voice so that he doesn't disturb her nap, the way he patiently explains things to her, answers her questions even if they're repeated. The way he'll bring puzzles to distract her if she accompanies them to a crime scene, the way he'll make arrangements in advance for Mrs Hudson to look after her if he thinks there might be trouble.
continue, not like this."
It reminded him uncomfortably of the time immediately after Sherlock's death. The waves of public anger had seemed unending, then, battering relentlessly at the bruised walls around his heart, dragging against nerves already rubbed raw by grief.
Sometimes Mrs Hudson would come upstairs and sit with him, would tuck herself into John's chair and watch with her hands clasped in her lap. She'd always clapped when he was done. He'd always offered her a little bow in return. She'd smile at him, but her smile was a bit sad.
Now Rosie, at the foot of the stairs, slipping into her coat.
"Where are you from?" she asked. The lilt of her accent was pleasing.
He shut his eyes, breathed in the misty air and the smell of damp grass. The scent was familiar. It pulled at something in his chest, something buried deep.
and not
"You."
Sherlock had learned to ignore John when he was stating the obvious rather than point out that he was, in fact, stating the obvious.
On Christmas Eve, he'd sent Sherlock a text. He had not received a response.
They'd stood too close in the landing by the stairs. There was a large damp patch across the front of John's shirt where he had mopped away Rosie's sick but had not had a chance to do much else. His shirt clung to his skin in a way that looked terribly uncomfortable.
"I just—what I'm trying to say is that my, erm, my feelings about what happened that night. With Mary. They aren't tied to the aquarium. And I only found that out when I went back. It's just a place to me."
It was raining.
Behind him, Janine swung a frying pan, connecting solidly with the back of Pete's skull.
The way that sometimes John looked at him with an expression of—disappointment.
"Then what?"
It had happened the day John and Mary brought their little baby girl home.
"I should just—" he tried again. He went over to his chair, set Rosie down in it. She immediately pulled herself up to standing using the arm rest, peered at him from over the back. Her blond ringlets were tousled, sticking up at odd angles. Her expression was indignant. He hesitated for a moment, waiting to see if she would start another tantrum.
He'd not spent much time ruminating on where John had chosen to put down roots, but he supposed in the back of his mind he'd expected something like the warm little house he'd shared with Mary. This was more akin to a prison. It unsettled him. Why had John chosen such a place, when surely he could afford better?
John had not said.
"Loads of people photographed them fighting," she said.
The line inched slowly towards the counter. The back of John's neck was uncomfortably warm. He no longer wanted the croissant. He no longer wanted anything.
"You know what, never mind," John said. His cheeks had gone warm. He looked up at the ceiling. "None of my business."
"Also—" Mycroft hesitated. “There is no record of a violent assault on any guard. Sexual or otherwise. Based on review of the video record of your conversation with Eurus I thought it might—ease your mind. To know that.”
"I don't understand," Sherlock says.
"The stomach."
"We're stuck," John said. He shivered harder, his wet shirt clinging to chilled skin.
"The tide took me,” Alex said. “The tide took me and dragged me in. Why me? Why me and not them?”
Sherlock lifted his head, blinked. "Oh," he said.
He let the door fall shut behind him. She did not follow.
Sherlock grinned, a real grin, surprised and genuine.
It's John. Looking exhausted, rumpled,
"I'd have set him loose after," she tells them, wide-eyed and earnest. "Back out where I found him, so he could find his way home. I didn't want to hurt him. I just wanted to help."
He sat for a moment, weighing his response. He supposed the idea held some appeal.
himself for it.
Sherlock laughed again, that same awful, broken sound. He did not lift his head.
"I did a study on the decomposition rate of various takeaway cartons, you know," Sherlock said, his eyes glassy but his expression quite serious as he pulled his drink towards him with unsteady hands. His voice slurred. "Took ages."
Nothing.
"Jesus, it
They'd been safely enveloped in their own little bubble, once, he and Sherlock. Apart from the rest of the world. But that bubble had burst a long time ago. It had burst
John's heart wrenched at the thought of Rosie, Rosie who he'd put down to sleep in her cot and who would surely have been roused by the sound of a struggle. Rosie, who had been left behind. He'd almost given up without a fight. Another parent, dying on her.
"Oh, don't make that face! He didn't say it in so many words. He just—well, he said you were grieving. That your priorities had changed but you might still feel—left out. That he tried to involve you when it seemed appropriate, but he knew he couldn't just
He pinched the bridge of his nose, looked down at his watch.
The chair. The zip ties.
"One more day, and then you can tell her whatever you like."
He had nearly killed Sherlock. Over Mary. When he himself had turned his back on her for a woman he didn't know. A woman he didn't know
to thank you. Because if you hadn't come for me, I would have died there. And I'm glad that I didn't."
Bluebell, he thought. Turned into a fairy and flew away into the night. A lie to cover up a painful truth.
Sherlock looks at him, and then looks away. In his dreams (the dreams he doesn't have) he sees the life vanish from John's eyes. It happens all at once, like flipping a switch.
"They—" his voice was hoarse, barely audible. He cleared his throat, tried again. "They don't make this. Anymore."
"She dumped you."
John scoffed, shook his head.
He stood for a moment, carefully removing his gloves and folding them into the pockets of his coat, then hanging his coat on the hook.
Rosie had nodded off on the sofa, and Molly had covered her with a blanket. She'd come over to the fire after, stood next to him for a time, not speaking.
"Leave it," John says again.
Sherlock ploughed on as if he hadn't spoken at all, "—consistent with frequent nose-blowing, which, clearly, hasn't come on due to an aversion to the—" he sniffed, grimaced, "—victim's appalling taste in cologne. You're moving slower than usual, your reaction times dulled—" his lip quirked, "—more than usual—"
There is a wild splashing.
"He'll be back," John said, undeterred. "We both know it. You've been—waiting for it, I think."
Sherlock had looked up the property records shortly after arriving home, in the strange grey interim between returning to his life and actively resuming it, while he’d been haunting the halls of a flat that had been frozen in time, all of his eclectic belongings still arranged just-so, yet somehow missing the most essential component.
He'd found an open pub, gone in for a drink, settled amongst a handful of slumped, miserable-looking men along the bar.
"Arbitrary," Sherlock said. "Meaningless."
"Oh," John said. "Right." He nodded, looked away. He felt, suddenly, like he might cry. He did not know why.
John holds out a bag of crisps. "There are vending machines by the penguin display," he says. "Crisps and sodas and—well. I assume you didn't bother to eat anything before deciding to camp out here all night. So."
"Yes, well, that's hardly surprising," Mary said, and she
Sherlock's hand on Janine's back. He'd once placed his palm in the same spot on John's back, had carefully and patiently coached him through the steps. They'd swayed together behind the closed curtains overlooking Baker Street. Sherlock's breath had been warm in John's hair, and John had tried very hard not to think about the steady thump of Sherlock's heart, the familiar inviting scent of his skin, the fact that his own impending wedding had felt strangely distant and unimportant.
Mycroft reflects on early childhood and his relationship to his siblings.
Sherlock kissed him. It was a clumsy, half-desperate move, lunging and close-mouthed, his neck twisting at an odd angle as they pressed together.
"The—type? What type?" John would not quite describe himself as sputtering. He didn't sputter. He was just a bit thrown. That was all.
John shifted Rosie in his arms. "I should—it's late. I need to get her home."
And—if he were honest with himself—a little melancholy. Faintly mourning those lost years, what might have been.
"Only you could make that sound like a bad thing."
choose herself in a crisis."
There was something crawling on the back of the pillow. Something dark, graceful and sleek. Eight efficient legs, plump body. John kicked at the pillow and the spider flipped onto the floor, vivid red hourglass visible on its underside.
She was lovely. Long hair, a little wavy. Silky floral top that she clearly saved for special occasions. Bare arms, a dusting of freckles on her shoulders. Her eyes were bright, her smile mischievous.
He was not quite sure what he was expected to say to that. He glanced helplessly towards the corpse.
Mycroft disapproves mightily of Harry, which Sherlock finds a delightful and unexpected perk.
"A poor effort, even for you," Mycroft sniffed.
"What?"
Sherlock swallowed, waited for John to speak.
"Sherlock," John said.
John gets three plates from the cabinet, sets the table.
"You know what I'm talking about. Don't pretend that you don't," she spoke quickly, quiet yet vehement, as if the words were difficult to force out. Something twisted in her expression and she breathed in sharply, took a sip of her wine. "And don't. Don't make fun. It's just—you're so unhappy. Both of you. Everyone thinks that I can't see it, but I do. I do see it. And—"
He leaves silence behind him, thick and choking.
it, Greg,” John scoffed and shook his head, turning and moving to walk away once more, but Greg yanked him back again — but this time he didn’t look worried or frustrated or angry. No, Greg looked
John glanced at Carl, watching as he blushed and looked away, slouching in his seat.
He thought about John’s hands. He thought about those soft, calloused delicate hands, caring and gentle, eager to fix, to help, to aid, in whatever they could. Light touches, easy caresses, a thumb on his lip, a finger to his battered eyes, the grasping of a concerned hand on his hip. Christ, how he wanted the bloody things elsewhere — everywhere.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock.”
“You’ll not touch anything,” Sherlock uttered, gaze falling still on the ground before him, on the shiny black texture of his shoes, on the chaffed wood, on the panels
, was Sherlock’s mind in the gutter right about now.
John swallowed thickly, annoyed by his friend’s denseness, and snatched his phone back, letting out a sigh and shaking his head, “A suitable one.”
“Why can’t you say it?” Sherlock wondered quietly, eyes narrowed, position sinking a bit more, relaxing into the seat, alerting John to the fact that he was steadily realizing he had nothing to worry over.
All my love to you and please please don't give up on me!
to me, you realize that, yes?”
Somehow, his voice hoarse and shaky, he managed to ask, “Who?”
me, John,” He then snarled, taking another step closer, “You’ve gone and replaced us with that
The rugby captain jolted in his seat, his head spinning to meet eyes with James Sholto, of whom was currently watching him with a somewhat confused and wholly irritated expression as he huffed, “Are you even listening?”
John shrugged, the motion weak and somewhat small, “Dunno. Because you’re my friend?”
John nodded.
,” His sister started again, her face a bit solemn this time, strict and yet comforting, brows drawn down and eyes warmly narrowed, her mouth quirking a bit at one end, “You know that’s okay, right?”
worth the effort.
It had been a cold, incredibly cold, winter and Mycroft had come home with a badge of sorts, exclaiming to his mother and father of how he’d managed to convince the public of his idiotically posh secondary school to vote him as class president. His older brother had trotted around the house, badge on, and head held high, clearly proud of his promotion into the government. Sherlock, of course, had been entirely bitter.
. He was more than ordinary, more than extraordinary; he was everything and a bit more. He was the sun to the revolving Earth, the Earth to the revolving moon. He was an internet personality, a rugby player, a genuine wonder of a boy that Sherlock found himself unable to stop watching. He was made up of strong arms and ocean eyes and soft lips and a brave mind. He was funny, and sweet, and kind, and gentle and Sherlock Holmes did not deserve any inch of John Watson and yet he wasn’t listening.
"John," He breathed and halted his small warm up, "You won't, mate."
“What’s up everyone, my name is John Watson and this is what's on my face,” John announced, beaming at the camcorder and chuckling lightly to himself, spinning back and forth a bit in his chair.
: I’m so using this on my history teacher
John grinned.
Sherlock couldn’t help but smile down at his mobile, his fingers clutching it just a bit tighter and his heart swelling for a few mere moments, before he let his thumbs dance across the keyboard.
“The elderly one, sitting atop the bench, feeding the pigeons.”
mess?”
Before Sherlock could stop himself, he stated, loudly and quite clearly, “You do it well.”
Carl Powers, Mike Stamford, James Sholto, Bill Murray, and Greg Lestrade all went about awkwardly picking at their leftovers, keeping their eyes down and away, features distanced and guarded, expressions nearly blank.
It was from Greg, and John resisted the urge to turn around in his seat and fix the boy with a confused glare. Instead, he frowned and typed out a response, keeping things as simple as physically possible.
John clenched his fists and put on a fake, far too forced smile, glancing over his shoulder at the bulbous, dark-haired brute, hair nearly black, a bit of stubble lining his chin, teeth white and practically snarling with glee, before swallowing and laughing bitterly, “No. Get your hard-on somewhere else.”
it? Possibly losing him?
He hated Siger Holmes. He hated him with a burning passion and yet he found himself nodding to his commands, affirming his orders. The punishment would be far worse if he didn't anyways.
beyond belief, longing to talk to him again, eager to walk beside him once more, desperate to just get one more smile to form on that pale, sharp-featured face of his.
And now they had come for their revenge, and Sherlock was on the receiving end of it.
Molly swallowed, staring motionlessly out at the crowd of silent onlookers, all somewhat heartbroken as they watched her utter, softly, "Molly Hooper."
“How come?” John scoffed, more amused now than anything.
question.
John beamed.
Beeface for days @
, lads. But, secondary school is hell regardless,” John scoffed and continued, “You see, you’ve got those groups of people who are so eager for a role it’s almost worrying, waving their palms about in the air, losing their bloody minds over who they want to speak for. But then, you’ve got others who don’t want anything at all, who would rather read along quietly, or hell, just read the entire bloody thing whilst everyone’s arguing over who is who.”
With a huff, Sherlock dropped the half smoked cigarette to the ground and crushed it with the heel of his black boot, turning towards the school’s front entrance and shaking his head in misery. The day he was excited to be at Baker would be the day he’d finally lost the plot.
Sherlock stared blankly at himself in the mirror, blinking, frowning, turning his head to the side and swallowing thickly. He’d been waiting anxiously, the remainder of this week, for today and yet he was standing utterly still in his small, white bathroom, and regretting every decision he’d ever made since. He hadn’t had a bad rest of his week — no, of course
John scowled, clenching and unclenching his fists beneath his desk as he fixed his friend with a rightful, well-deserved glare.
The sight before him was positively mad — in a night he’d surpassed fifteen thousand subscribers and his Twitter, just a day old, had gained more than half of them in followers. It was pure insanity and he simply couldn’t comprehend why he was possibly so popular. He danced, he composed, but that was all — he wasn’t even a real human being, just an anonymous figure behind a screen and yet here he was with actual
John let out a snort and shook his head, “Is there something wrong with me being nice?”
Sherlock huffed and closed his eyes. He’d do this. It was one video. One. He’d change things a little and then go back to how things were – classical and boring, according to the ingenious James Sholto.
“Under your floorboards,” a voice said, “Should've known.”
“I’ll see you in Lit, okay?” John asked, winking gently and sending the entirety of whatever remained of Sherlock’s mask to the very pit of his stomach, replacing it instead with warmth, and adoration.
“Idiot,” He heard from the side of the tub.
“Yes.”
-Richard Siken
, getting the better of him as he was suddenly propelled to the top. He gasped as the water fell from his curls, his ears, his eyelashes, his shoulders, facing the white wall of the other end of the tub and panting exhaustedly, eyes shut once more, squeezed tightly in an attempt to still his heaving.
Sherlock nodded, “Last class of the day. As usual.”
“Sorry lad,” John blushed a bit, feeling entirely guilty for waking the obviously sleep-lacking brunette from what must have been an enormously deep slumber, “Just figured I should wake you. It’s round eight.”
“Control is not
Sherlock smiled timidly as John shrugged his shoulders with false ease, gazing off into the distance, at the other students hunched over their trays, expertly avoiding Sherlock’s eye, fingers fiddling with the folds of his milk carton.
: I hope @
- people looked up to him, fancied him even, obsessed over him. And he’d gone and said he enjoyed, “
And with that, the rugby captain pushed himself forward and Sherlock’s entire world exploded around him. He felt those warm, soft lips on his again, pressing only gently against his own, of which were utterly still with shock, but pliant and unyielding, and John noticed,
Mike Stamford shrugged, “Well, apparently his real name’s William but he bloody hates when people use it.”
mask as he watched John smile that stupidly happy smile, “Yes?”
Youtube.”
was refusing to allow Sebastian Wilkes to toss a few punches and be on his way.
Jane Watson @
“Yours,” Victor winked, backing away to gather up his own things, slinging a loose artist’s satchel around his neck, backpack following soon after, “tonight, yeah?”
He smiled to himself, grabbed for his phone and quickly typed out a reply.
She then turned to John, slapping him across the back, just hard enough to hear a thorough
else.
John felt a blush tint the sides of his cheeks and he instantly ducked his head from her view, moaning beneath his breath in embarrassment and sighing softly, “This is going to be an interrogation, isn’t it?”
“That’s no way to treat a lady, you wankers,” Mike snapped, rolling his eyes and lifting his own drink to his lips only to lower it soon after and frown at its empty contents.
LuLu @
Sherlock rolled his eyes then, tossing the pillow aside and scowling at the rugby captain, sitting so very adorable across from him, his hair ruffled in the chaos that had transpired and his frown lines deeper than usual as he frantically tried to put the pieces together, his brain finally catching up with the entirety of what had just gone down moments before.
John forced a small smile and sighed, nodding in finality and packing up his bag, forcing his school clothes in with his books, and turning to shove it all into his blue locker, only to jolt forwards as the loud click of the door opening and several footsteps, sounding hurried and impatient, emanated garishly around the near vacant locker room.
“Guess you’re my plus one then, Molls,” Greg grinned, nudging her shoulder gently with his elbow, her cheeks turning bright red and an even bigger smile lighting up every feature of her mousy features.
And as Effie and Haymitch guided them towards where their stylists were awaiting them, Sherlock began to feel far more clueless. Clueless because, now, he was actually out of his depth. He didn’t know the people of the Capitol, or their mannerisms. He didn’t know anything about protocol or training or the other tributes when it came to the Games. And the more he thought about it, the more lost he became. The more complex each and every detail of the situation became, the more stranded he felt.
Bored? Of John
He drowned out the words of the priest.
Siger let out a loud laugh at that, narrowing his eyes at Sherlock and arching a degrading brown brow, "
“Sherlock,” John swallowed thickly, forcing the knot in his throat downward and inhaling shakily.
John was
John scoffed, frowned, and then smiled, as if pleased he was aware of something Sherlock wasn’t, “You are, genius.”
Sherlock swallowed, watching John with a cautious, guarded expression, unsure whether his kindness was a trait, or a trick, “Unless it’s merely true.”
“Because you’re
“Don’t make small talk, don’t make a sound — just do not
putting
, he couldn’t possibly when he got to see John at lunch, and in literature, and math — but the ever dawning moment of facing John and eating dinner with him where there’d be people watching them and insinuating things and then going to a party with him where’d there’d be more people and more insinuations was beginning to drive him mad. Not only that, he looked like a fool; a complete and utter fool. He’d rimmed his eyes with black and purple and blue, put a shiny charcoal gloss across his lips, dark and gothic, and even dotted his cheeks with white eyeliner to create a galaxy of stars — makeup was something he was comfortable and familiar with, used a few times in dance routines he thought deserved a bit more, even if the public would never see it. It was for his own empowerment anyway.
John Watson was relatable.
Before those pink lips, that Sherlock so often found himself staring at, could say anything, a buzz came from the bedside table next to John, and, seemingly resentfully, the blonde reached over and broke the subtle moment, tapping the screen of his phone and narrowing his eyes curiously.
“Why?” The blonde asked, beaming up at Sherlock from his seat on the duvet, “Yours worse?”
He had cried that night with Redbeard's head in his lap.
He gripped the bee pendant tighter in his fist, his knuckles surely white, and the metal most likely leaving marks across his palm.
, and I don’t need —“
I'd like to thoroughly apologize for the wait you have had to endure on this one.
Gay May @
’ and studied the boy speculatively, a brow arched at his short response.
“More a demand, honestly,” John shrugged, absolutely beaming Sherlock’s way, smug and content, eyes sparkling in their blue hue.
“Can’t go home.”
, about sex was the epitome of hilarious.
to one and an
And suddenly John was directly in front of him once more, teeth bared in a bright smile, all blue eyes and soft cheeks and pink lips and he couldn’t take it anymore — he couldn’t stand there and act as though this was all okay. John wasn’t gay. Fine, all
400 views. 345 Likes, 2 Dislikes.
John hummed softly and shook his head, sighing and pushing aside his anxiousness and need to discover who this person was and where he came from. The boy's bio on his channel's home page gave nothing away. John had read it time and time again, eyes roving down every word and always trying to make something out of nothing.
Realizing he was expected to say something, he cleared his throat and swallowed thickly, looking down and away from those oceanic irises and trying to head towards the door once more.
She scoffed, "Debatable," but before John could defend himself, she continued, "Mum made an early dinner. She's working late again, and I've got the graveyard shift tonight. You gonna be okay?"
: akhiuhidunvkjeh why?
Sherlock jolted as a loud voice pierced through the veil of the corner table’s conversation, his maths teacher springing into action, the very shrillness of his tone cringe-worthy. The curly-haired brunette glanced around discretely as students began groaning and quieting, reaching in their bags for pencils and pens, papers and folders.
A few moments passed before Sherlock’s phone lit up once again, the screen bright in the dark setting, illuminating John response clearly before his eyes.
. “The only reason you found out is because you’re nosy and have no adequate sense of personal space.”
“Three minutes,” was uttered by one of the Peacekeepers, and when Sherlock glanced upwards toward the entrance, he saw his brother standing by the door, face blank and brows furrowed, still dressed in his classy, mandatory clothing as though prepared and ready for another reaping.
dancing.
All because of John.
“Magic hands,” John whispered, low beneath his breath, before a smile broke out across his expression, warm and real and bright and everything Sherlock loved about the rugby captain.
“John?” Sherlock uttered, head tilted in confusion, mind whirling because why was John here, why was he in his house, why was he grinning at him like that?
“Watson,” Wilkes chuckled, gathering his balance once more and glaring playfully John’s way, “come to join me?”
“Can I?” He responded in that deep baritone, the words rumbling through the dull air of the quiet car, as they cruised through the busy city, the morning rush clearly not yet finished, crowds flowing left and right, crossing the road, disappearing into shops, and cars.
With a soft laugh and a shake of his head, he swallowed thickly and began. “Update on my life? Well. Rugby is a pain in the arse, like always. Remember how in the early days of public schooling you were told,” He put on a fake, uppity accent, “not to run in the halls, not to touch other students, and, most importantly, not to use foul language?”
Slowly, his legs shivering slightly in the cool air of the bedroom he’d been given by Effie, he lifted himself from the mattress, pulling back the duvet as he slipped his feet from the soft cushion to the harsh, wood floor. He hadn’t slept well – he hadn’t expected to. First, he had tossed and turned, too many thoughts, too many ideas, and too many insinuations about what was to come and what was going to happen.
John parked his car in its usual spot, wincing a bit as the engine clanged noisily before he turned the key and shut off the vehicle, reaching for his backpack and sliding out of the driver’s seat with a bright smile, slamming the door behind him and locking up. He made his way toward Baker’s front gate, running a palm through his damp hair, glancing down and shaking his head amusedly at his ruffled clothing. He’d been running late this morning, no one to blame but himself, having laid in bed for a good few minutes reading through the many comments gracing his new video, marveling over how many views he’d gotten, his growth in subscribers, and laughing at how much of a catch Sherlock Holmes was — laughing once he’d pushed past the initial wave of jealousy, of course.
"Molly," John tried again.
"Jennie Teller shared a drink and a dance with a handsome man at her hen party. He was all too keen to hear about her fiancé's failings, and she was all too keen to tell him." Sherlock folded his hands under his chin, went on watching John with sharp eyes. "And Olivia St Clair—"
John shook his head. "I know you know his name is Greg."
"I never sent that email."
"I—" he said.
John stopped moving, bowed his head. Put one hand out against the counter for support.
Christ. He would have to hurry in order to make it to work on time. He was fairly sure Sarah would not hesitate to sack him if he could not even manage to remain punctual.
He dropped the soiled nappy into the bin, went over to the window. It was open, just slightly, enough to let in an icy breeze.
Molly went to his funeral. She dressed in black.
John let him, his heart sinking. He turned, automatically scanning the crowd for Jeanette. She was gone.
John shifted in his chair. Sherlock's face was difficult to read.
"Don't make me bury you," John said. "Don't make Rosie bury you. I can't—I can't do that. Again."
"What," Sherlock says, after far too much time has passed. His voice is like his thoughts—sluggish and bewildered. "What are you doing here?"
That smear of lipstick on Sherlock's neck. Christ, he'd wanted to bite it, wanted to lick it away, wanted to leave his own mark in its stead.
He looks up, focuses on his patient. She is staring at the wall, lips pressed in an unhappy line.
"It's just—um. Sad."
"You don't get to decide who's worthy," John said. "That's not how this works."
He and John had traversed separate hells, had come out the other side with a gap too far between them to be bridged. All of the years they'd known each other, all of the things they'd done to each other, all of the things they'd done
"Mm," Sherlock said. There was a small smile in his voice, a weary amusement. He shifted his fingers under John's, a quiet acknowledgement. Shut his eyes.
"It works," Sherlock says.
"John?" he called, pushing the door open. The hinges creaked.
"I'm putting a team together," Sherlock had said, without so much as an introduction. "Field work. Could be dangerous. Interested?"
Sherlock cannot bear that concern, not now, not after the night they've had and the terrible days yet to come. He is irritated that he's got lost inside his head, that he's allowed John to see how rattled he is.
"I think our flight's going to be a bit delayed," he said.
It was good to forget, for a little while.
"Yes," John said. He cleared his throat, looked at his daughter, smiled at her furrowed brow. "This is Rosamund. Well. Rosie."
"Oh god," John said, and dropped his head, looked down at the table. His voice sounded unfamiliar to his own ears, breathless, miserable. "I've fucked it up. I've—I had something, something remarkable, something
"Then what is the point?"
The next day, the man in question had thrown himself from the top of Barts Hospital. Guilt, the newspapers said. Shame. Unwillingness to face up to what he'd done.
There was a cold drizzle falling and he hunched into his coat, wishing he'd thought to wear something warmer. He walked quickly, past familiar storefronts, down streets he had come to know but which had never quite felt like home.
"John," Sherlock says. His voice is muffled against John's neck. He makes no effort to pull back. "What you said, earlier. About wanting to come back when—"
"Sorry," he told her. "I'm sorry. I know—I know being stuck with babysitting duty twice in a row wasn't what you—"
The silence grew uncomfortable, stifling. John fidgeted, looking for something to do, something to say. He slipped his phone out of his pocket, frowned down at the screen.
John looked away, back towards the crumpled figure on the ground.
John smiled tightly at him. "Well, I guess it's a good thing you're supposed to be engaging in bad behaviour tonight, yeah? And Lestrade has generously offered to chaperone."
"You—" he said. "You're Rosie's godmother."
"Oh, that," Sherlock said. "Not necessary. I can just—"
"Yeah, the wine's awful, isn't it?" Lucy said. "I made that same face when I took my first sip. The second cup goes down better. Or maybe you just care a little less by then." She let out a little hiccup of laughter, nudged him with her elbow.
He stood up, brushing past John on his way into the aisle. Then he hesitated, turned back with a crooked sort of smile, and winked—
"Her name is April," Mary said. "And she's not timid, she's just nervous around you because you shouted at her last week."
He lit the fire, settled into his chair, fixed his gaze on the warm golden glow. He could not quite bring himself to look over at John.
"Fair enough," John said. He laughed a little bit, shook his head, feeling uncomfortably pinned by Sherlock's gaze. "You're being awfully generous today, yeah? Calling Janine clever, letting Mrs Hudson sort out this little plot of yours. Finally recognising you're not entirely surrounded by idiots?"
Sherlock did his best to resist, at first. He resented clumsy attempts at trickery or manipulation. Truth be told, he resented thoughtful, nuanced attempts at trickery or manipulation even more. It rarely worked. What was the point?
Thinks about that GPS on his laptop, blinking and blinking and blinking, a silent beacon. Thinks about Harry's furious face and closed-off posture when he'd returned home.
John looked at his empty glass, the empty bottle. He felt tired and old and foolish, and he wondered what had possessed him to sit there for so long. It had been obvious for quite a while that Sherlock was not coming.
"Creepy," he said. "You do know that's creepy, right? Next she'll be mimicking that face."
she'd complained.
"Right," he said. His arm had begun to ache. He kept his grip firm. "So you just decided to come in and have a look around. Because that's rational."
"Mm," Sherlock said, his voice distracted. He did not open his eyes.
He pulled back, reluctant, and looked up at Sherlock there in the weak moonlight. Thought about what they'd been through. Thought about what was yet to come.
"Oh God, yes," John had said.
"You—" John said, just as Sherlock said "I—"
He wondered for the first time whether those first few halting emails had been her idea at all.
"He's there, and then he isn't."
"That's not evidence."
Sherlock scoffs, does not look at him. "Because someone put it there."
He poured himself a mug of tea, sat down at his desk. Turned on his laptop. Rubbed absently at his shoulder, which had gone stiff and sore.
"Not as such," Mycroft had said. "But we have spoken."
Sarah.
"Were you hoping for something a bit more dramatic? Fire and brimstone?" Mycroft gave him a thin smile as he lingered in the doorway. "Real life is not the battlefield, Dr Watson. Though I suspect that's what you see when you walk with Sherlock Holmes."
"You lied to me," he said.
"Careful," Sherlock had said, and had held Mycroft's chair steady while Rosie clambered up onto the seat. Her trainers squeaked against the leather as she leaned forward to examine the painting on the wall.
"So," John said, after a time. "Mrs Hudson says you've been staying here?"
"But—" Janine shrugged her shoulders, "—first things first. Victoria's already got a bit of a head start on me, you know. Out there telling anyone who will listen that she played an 'instrumental role in a murder investigation' and all that rot."
"Bit unlike you, yeah?" John joked weakly, still holding Sherlock's hands in his. "If it had been anyone else breaking in to have a look at a corpse on the floor, you'd have taken their head off for disturbing the evidence."
The tall grass had wound around his ankles, damp cold tendrils. The creak of old wood underfoot. Cold air below. The gunshot crack-snap as the wood gave way.
What had she been
Mycroft, calm and reserved as ever:
It was possible, he thought. All this time, he'd been looking at
"So you've, erm, kept track of his career?"
He picked up his violin from the desk, lifted it to his shoulder. He stared out the window at the swirling snow, played the first strains of
"To what end?"
"Sherlock," John said.
Sherlock had been very drunk. He'd likely spent the day hungover and aching, much like John had. Even worse, probably, since he wasn't much of a drinker. John hoped Janine had thought to take care of him, that she'd—
John sighs, pinches his brow. "Look, Sherlock. Erm. I don't think—"
"Not keen to share your pudding, you mean."
Sherlock lifted his drink, took a sip, and then another. His Adam's apple bobbed. "Dull."
Useless. Utterly useless information.
He blinked, met her gaze. Nodded.
She stared at him. He could not read her expression.
"Thank you," John says, when Mrs Hudson has finished her tea. His anger has mostly faded, chased away by the same blunt, numb bewilderment that had settled over him that day on the pavement.
He went to the airport, pickpocketed a businessman and picked a flight at random. He repeated his steps at three major airports, crisscrossing the globe with no destination in mind. He switched clothes and identities and personalities, traveled by rail, by car, on horseback.
And it hadn't been. It hadn't been forever. Not even close. Sherlock had—there had been blood in the street and his heart in his throat and a terrible long stretch of grey emptiness.
"She knew," Sherlock says softly, yielding to the heavy weight of realization.
He hadn't. Of course he hadn't.
Rosie cooed and babbled at him, unaware that anything was amiss.
John sighed, sat back down. Scrubbed his hands over his face. He supposed he had been unnecessarily sharp with Sherlock, who had only been following up on a line of investigation that John himself had volunteered for.
"Right," John says. He sighs, looks down at the ground, at the dirt and straw and trampled cornstalks. "Well. Look, Sherlock, I don't—"
He was not sure if she was meant to be taking comfort from him, or offering.
Mycroft drones.
"You've been posting wine memes?" John raised his brow.
"Does it really surprise you?" Sherlock's voice was soft. It was strange, coming from him. That care. And somehow, at the same time, not strange at all.
"—and of course you'll need to tend to Rosie's needs," Sherlock said.
John frowns at him. Swallows. "It's just. We—we both agree. We're both in agreement. That I'll have to go. That this isn't working, that trying to live the way that we do here with a toddler underfoot isn't—isn't good. For any of us. And for me to acknowledge that, all of the things you've been trying to tell me, and in the next breath tell you that I don't want to go is—erm—well, selfish. Of me."
Perhaps the sigh had been overly theatric. Well. He was entitled to a bit of drama now and again, was he not?
"This is my flat."
John was painfully aware of the distance between them. He opened his eyes, looked at their bodies, at all of the places they nearly touched.
A waiter, clumsy and hovering, set a basket of bread down on the table and attempted to explain the chef's specials on offer. His accent was thick, French, struggling to wrap around the pronunciation of the Italian dishes.
"Moriarty made an attempt on his life," Mary said. "I may have stayed close enough to discourage it from happening again."
He did not like to think about the person he
A heavy sigh, in stereo. Sherlock and the woman both.
Almost.
But he will do it, because that is where they live, and that is what he does.
"You should go upstairs and get yourself warm. I'll put on some tea," she said.
"I'll call it off," Norbury said. "Right now. I'll tell Moriarty he's been moved. That I didn't know it was happening until the pieces had been put into motion. All you have to do is let me walk away."
"You're kidding," John said.
And when Redbeard was not there, when he was forced to entertain himself, he'd struck out on his own. His feet slipping through mud and clambering over rocks and thudding across wooden boards—
He felt badly. Mrs Hudson had had a good deal to be concerned about, in her lifetime. Too much, really. And she always took it in stride.
"Sherlock," John said, and somehow, somehow, he still showed no signs of walking away. He laughed.
He'd gone quietly, with no threats or last words. Simply packed up his things and left.
"Oh, don't tell me you believe that tabloid rubbish," Janine said, giving John's shoulder a little shove. She smiled, and it seemed genuine.
Molly took a step, and then another. She picked at the corner of the sheet, took another shaky breath.
She was silent for an uncomfortable stretch of time.
"Without John Watson, I would be dead. Surely this is the least you can do."
"Change your mind?" he asked.
Sherlock see-sawed his hand in the air.
John opened his eyes to weak morning light filtered through the window glass, and could not recall when he'd fallen asleep.
Clearly not.
When the darkness took him again, he did not fight it.
He sat down at his laptop, read his email. There was a note from Sarah, and he hesitated for a moment before taking a deep breath and clicking on it.
and he flailed his hands up from under the sheets to bat at himself, striking something heavy, knocking it loose.
"Don't be absurd. That would be shouting."
"Of course not," John said. He rinsed another dish, set it down a bit more firmly than he'd intended. "Just Sherlock being Sherlock."
head I'm worried about—"
"Ah," Sherlock said. "Well. There you have it."
Molly did not leave.
"Right," John said. He placed the order, went back into the sitting room. "Be about twenty minutes."
"No," John said. He was sore and groggy. "I just want—" he stopped, looked down at his hands. He didn't know what he wanted. He couldn't really recall the last time he'd known for sure.
John looks down. Flexes his fingers. He wants to smile, but he can't quite manage it. "Well. I
"No."
Sherlock looks at him. He is still smiling, his oddly crooked little smile, but it seems to be frozen on his face.
"Was it like this?" John asked, after a time. "Your—the place where you grew up?"
"Where are you going with this, Sherlock?" John asked.
He worked the occasional weekend, covered for planned holidays and leaves of absence. He treated coughs and sniffles and indigestion, the occasional sprain or fracture. There were no surprises, and no late nights.
John blinked, sat up straight. "Sorry, what?"
They were both white metal. Platinum, he supposed. Simple designs, nothing ornate or fussy. One had rounded edges, much like his own wedding ring had been. The other was a flatter design with squared edges, more streamlined, modern.
Sherlock approaches the sofa. He reaches out, his fingers ghosting over John's shoulder.
"Well?" he said, when the silence had grown much too loud.
She nods, lets out a teary little laugh that sounds half-strangled. And then they are hugging, there in the cold, she has both arms around him and he has his head buried in her shoulder, where the wool of her coat meets her knit scarf.
He skimmed over the heartfelt words, the encouraging messages of support.
James Moriarty.
He swallowed. His mouth was dry. "That's not—"
"This is the closest I've been to home in the past year. I came here—I chose this place over several others where there were, perhaps, more urgent matters to pursue. I chose it, John, because it was remarkably easy to imagine that, upon conclusion of the investigation, that I might simply catch the next train back to Paddington Station. Return home to Baker Street. Interrupt you in the midst of—whatever it is you do to amuse yourself when I'm not there." Sherlock stops. A smile pulls at the corner of his mouth. "Foolish, perhaps. But—"
"I was a coward."
"No," John says. He shakes his head, clenches his fist. His heart is still jackhammering uncomfortably against his ribs. "No, I thought he left all this behind years ago. Was—I don't know. Using his NSSL credentials to peddle overpriced storm shelters to gullible and desperate families. Preying on people's fears."
She looked back at him, lifted her brows. "That doesn't mean he isn't watching."
she was—I don't care that we've—that we—" he paused, helpless, and shook his head. "None of that matters. It should matter, but it doesn't, because I still can't bear the thought of standing there while you—"
He arrived ten minutes early for his shift, as he did every day.
The space was small and dark and musty, but Sherlock was close, so close, and the air seemed to thicken with his familiar scent. They were alone.
the four murdered men had left an empty space in their wake. They'd been missed. They'd been mourned. And regardless of how much or how little their surviving partners were moving on, they were still missed. They were still mourned.
"I've a list of all the vendors each couple used. There are some overlaps, which will save time. But we'll need to make it look realistic, which means appointments with multiple vendors. Can't let our killer suspect we've caught his scent."
Not that there was much to admire, this time of year. The majority of the plants looked dead, shriveled and huddled against the cold.
Eurus says.
"Do you think—?" the woman started.
Ahead, something loomed in the shadows. His suspect. There on the ground, his leg twisted at an unnatural angle. He was crawling towards the edge of the bridge.
"No," Sherlock had said. "I believe you've rather missed the point entirely."
He has spent years believing it to have been extinguished entirely, that spark—by his actions, by Sherlock's, by Mary's. Believing this chance to be lost forever.
Heat flooded John's face. He clenched his fist, pressed it tightly against his thigh. Breathed out through his nose, looked away.
Sherlock lifted his arm, sat up. "I should let the car run for a few minutes. It's getting cold."
He does not have to go far. There is a figure—Joe Straker, he assumes—sprawled face-down in the tall grass. Blood has flattened his hair, spread out in a wet dark halo around his head.
He'd deserve whatever he got, he knew. And yet—
"Well, there you have it," Sherlock said. He'd clapped his hands together, hoped the gesture gave the appropriate impression of finality. Hoped that it wasn't obvious his heart had been dangling, terrifyingly exposed, while John considered. "Very little would change, and you'll likely save a fortune in cab fare."
he did not so much as type as stab, angry fingers against the keys.
"Took you long enough," she said without looking away from the window.
John puts his hand on the door, turns back.
They hand the suspect off to Lestrade and walk home, laughing, stumbling against one another like drunks. They
"Yes, well—" John laughs again, this time a bit self-consciously. One of his hands goes to the back of his head, scrubs through the hair there. "I swear I had a point when I started talking. Um. I think—"
He ignored her. He had not yet slipped and spoken to her in public, and he would not do so today. The majority of the staff already tiptoed around him. He did not need to give them any more ammunition.
Sherlock frowned. He let his hands drop away from his mouth, folded them on his lap. Sat back. Considered.
Ah, so they'd started in with the shared jokes and the nonverbal communication. Like a proper couple. Brilliant. Very convincing.  They'd have no trouble at all shamming their way into any wedding venue in London.
She laughed, the sound low, indulgent. "Don't worry about me. I'm an old pro at this by now."
He looked at her helplessly. Somehow,
Sherlock is infinitely patient, restrained and kind, and John can only imagine he must breathe a sigh of relief when he is free of them at last.
"Charles McCarthy suddenly and inexplicably became fixated on the idea of his gay son marrying a woman."
"I was angry."
"You have no trouble staying in character."
He sucked in a breath and stood up, heart warmed in spite of himself.
"The opportunity presented itself. I'd have been remiss not to take it. One last chance to telegraph to our killer—if he is indeed watching—that I am every bit as insufferable as the tabloids would have you believe," Sherlock said. He folded his arms across his chest, almost defensive. Rosie immediately set about trying to pry his hands free.
They broke for the door together, weaving through the crowds. Sherlock reached the glass door first, the little bells overhead tinkling as he burst through. And then they were outside in the blessedly cold night air, hand-in-hand, sprinting along the pavement.
"Fine, yeah."
, and the tentative smile pulling at the corner of the distorted mouth—
Sherlock kicks the scuffed red cooler out from behind the desk and drops down onto it. He puts his elbows on his knees and rests his chin in his hands, takes the opportunity to study the two men in front of him.
smug man, and the way he'd winked before flinging himself into the beverage cart. "Never quite found out what the whole thing was about."
"Beautiful," Moriarty had breathed, and Sherlock had lifted his head.
Sherlock did not smile back. He kept his scraped hands on the wheel, his eyes on the road.
"Covered it up," John says. He looks at Sherlock, then back at Alan, his brows raising. "You covered it up."
Sherlock hesitates, then slips out of his coat. He takes two steps forward, hesitates again, sits on the edge of the bed.
"Yes," he said.
looked out for Rosie.
He debates waking him, sending him upstairs to his little room. He will be more comfortable in his own bed. But he will not sleep as well.
John squeezed his hand one more time, let it drop with some reluctance.
"Fine," he says. He clenches his hands on the steering wheel, stares hard through the windshield at the overlarge, weaving mass of Anderson's RV ahead of him. "It's as you said. I fell into an intense physical relationship with a very attractive man. Happy?"
"Right," John said. So they were well and truly stuck. At least he was not dying in a puddle of stagnant water in the basement of a decaying farmhouse. There was that much to be grateful for.
"Perhaps you should have thought of that before you recruited her."
"Are you—" John started.
" John snapped. "You avoid social events like the plague. What the hell could have possibly compelled you to come out to a crowded pub on New Year's Eve, of all bloody nights?"
be a good trick."
"A murder, John,
Sherlock said nothing. His eyes were wide, unblinking in the dark.
Mary, who had disappeared entirely once he'd confessed his heart to her.
"Bet its bark is worse than its bite, yeah?" John says, grinning a little.
mysteries.
Sherlock's fingers are tracing tiny patterns on the back of John's neck. It is almost unbearably intimate. John closes his eyes.
This—
Sherlock's eyes snapped up. He dropped his phone.
Sherlock is still not moving, not reacting at all.
"The wedding. You haven't—I mean, I guess it was always a long shot that you'd be able to spot the murderer during one of your—erm—performances. But."
Spiders in the corners at Molly's flat, her cat hunting them with stealthy efficiency.
He wanted very badly to say it out loud. It seemed, suddenly, imperative that he say it out loud.
something. He curled one trembling hand against the warm skin of John's neck, let his other hand slide up John's arm to settle on his shoulder. Drew him close.
Down the hall, Rosie cried out.
"Occasionally." There was a note of mild amusement in his voice.
He passed the phone over. Sherlock reluctantly lifted it to his ear.
"Here." Sherlock stopped walking, flapped his hand vaguely to the left of his body. A woman pushing a pram dodged his arm, frowned at them.
Lestrade visited, and Mrs Hudson, and Molly. People sent flowers. He carefully inspected the vivid blooms and curling leaves, found nothing unusual.
He'd spent his life seeking out professions, relationships, situations where his faults would be seen as strengths.
Sherlock had said.
"Lucky guess," Sherlock says.
"No," Sherlock said. He shifted in his seat. His back ached.
"Oh," Sherlock says. He looks at the man, takes in the fading suntan, the short-cropped hair, the military posture. Harry's dirty-blond hair, Harry's dark blue eyes, Harry's upturned nose. "The Abominable Brother, I presume?"
"Thank me?" Sherlock blinks, then blinks again. "Why?"
He didn't deserve the things he wanted, but oh, he
And now, almost a year on, John found himself facing the troubling realisation that he simply might never see Sherlock again. That the stilted, uncomfortable words they'd shared were the last, the final nail in the coffin of a friendship (and oh, Christ, it had been more than a friendship, he'd never had a friendship like that) that had finally collapsed under the weight of every terrible thing they had done to one another.
He did not have any reason to want to relive the experience, to hear his own choked and frightened voice, the muffled sounds of his own near-murder. He did not want to revisit the moment where he'd lost faith, where he'd realised that he'd failed, that John was not coming for him.
Mrs Hudson looked scandalised.
Sherlock looked fine.
Sherlock's eyes were open and he stared straight ahead, focusing on nothing and everything as hands reached for him, grasped at him, felt in vain for a pulse. John's fingers were cold. Shock, most likely.
Temporary, he reminds himself. The situation is only temporary.
Sherlock said nothing. Just went on watching him.
"Jealous, Sherl? I didn't think you had it in you," Janine said. She laughed, then shook her head. "I'm not pursuing anyone. I made it quite clear to dear, sweet Pete that I'm off the market."
"John?"
"I am infinitely glad that you are all right, Sherlock," Mycroft said quietly.
Sherlock scoffed, rolled his eyes.
Sherlock watched her go for a moment, and then followed.
"Same thing." John was suddenly very tired.
"You're not all right," John said. "Of course you're not. Stupid to ask, really."
John tips his head back and laughs again, and the sound is not mocking but genuine, genuine and unexpected and altogether wonderful.
"I'm just not—hm—no," he said, shook his head. "Not quite what I'm looking for."
"Mm. When has that ever stopped me?"
Sherlock sighed. "A white knight after all. Dull. You were right, John."
Then that would be my worst mistake
"Ah," Sherlock says. He swallows, looks down. Something twists in his chest.
"John—" Molly said.
John swallowed hard. His vision swam. "What did you give me?"
"Fine."
He stared for a moment, turned back to the bookshelf.
"Oh, right," he said. He thought of his drab, claustrophobic bedsit.
And then—his entire demeanor changed. He was no longer an interested customer, but the cool, aloof consulting detective.
He was trembling. His face felt hot, his eyes stinging.
left foot. For God's sake."
"What?"
"Thank you," Sherlock said. His tone was overly formal, polite.
"I don't live there anymore."
"You are,“ Mummy had reassured him. "You know you are. But aren’t you lonely?”
"Worth the wait, I think," John said. "Besides, this place is full of ghosts." He leaned up, pressed a soft kiss against Sherlock's lips.
The waiting area was clean, nicely furnished and well lit.
There was silence on the other end of the line.
"I would expect not." He moved to the locked door, turned back to face his brother.
Prompted by
"The universe is rarely so lazy," he said. He shut his eyes, took a too-large swallow of beer. Coughed.
The white snow on the ground was a mess of footprints, a swirling chaos of uneven, struggling steps, a terrible sweep and smear through the slush at the edge, by the railing.
"And yet, you do." Sherlock beamed.
John had pushed aside the awkwardness of their last meeting. He'd swallowed his pride and he'd squared his shoulders and he'd come to
down there."
"She knows that, John," Sherlock said, in what he felt was a remarkably patient tone, given the circumstances. "That's why she's here."
She bit her lip, looked down at the ground for a moment before meeting his gaze. "Did I—have I upset you?"
Post-TLD, John finds his little red balloon at 221B.
Mycroft leaned back in his chair, folded his hands.
A woman he wouldn’t even recognize if she passed him on the street. Not even if he stared her in the face.
"Christ," John said again, and kissed him.
"Your girlfriend, actually."
There are conclusions to be drawn. Sherlock does not particularly want to draw them.
"I could always bring a plate up to your room," she says, noticing his hesitation.
"Her inner circle. Close friends. Family." His gaze swept the room, alighting on a shelf of framed photographs against the far wall. He advanced towards them, scanning the faces. There was the victim, of course, blonde and perfectly coiffed, posing with a variety of family and friends.
He winked at her, then slipped into the crowd.
"Well, I have
"But he never came back," John said. He opened his eyes, met Bell's unhappy gaze. "He never came back because he died. I was there with him. I—I know—"
"My parents were right behind us. Carrying my sister."
No, John hadn't done this. But Sherlock had.
"No," he says again. "I solve crimes. Important crimes.
"Not now," Sherlock snapped.
"Queen and country," Sherlock said. His voice flattened out. "The good soldier."
It should have been boring, it should have been utterly intolerable. And yet, somehow, it wasn’t.
he typed. He thought about it for a moment, then decided to try to be encouraging.
with him?
Sherlock had been conscious, though disoriented. His skin had been pale, waxen. He'd lain still as death there on the cold ground, and John had held him, spoken to him, told him he was going to be all right. He'd breathed his own shaking breath against Sherlock's cold skin, felt for the thump of his pulse, and wondered which one of them he was really meant to be reassuring with his words.
John smiled, went through the door and up the stairs. Sherlock listened to the creak of his footsteps, the sounds he made as he settled Rosie in her cot. The steady tread on the stairs as he came back down.
"Hi," John said.
"I never thought—"
"My flatmate has recently decided to make some much-needed positive changes in her life. Good for her, not so good for me. She's moved out. Left me high and dry with the rent." He offers a tentative smile, his heart thudding in his chest. "Know anyone who might be interested?"
"Come on," he said, deciding without realizing there was a decision to make. "Let's go see Sherlock."
"Did they try—?”
He lingers in the doorway, watching, but no one opens the door to retrieve the plate. After a moment, he sighs and steps back into his own room, shutting the door behind him.
The case is disappointing. He has it wrapped up within an hour, solves a case of mistaken identity over Twitter on the cab ride home for good measure.
"Right," he said.
Sherlock raised his brows, said nothing.
John smiles, a pained thing. "Maybe."
That was the question, John supposed. Why was he there? Why did he keep showing up?
Sherlock wanted very badly to melt into the sensation. He did not move.
He jolted, jerked forward in his seat. He did not go far. His wrists and ankles were bound. The chair beneath him creaked, held firm. It was high-backed, wooden. It felt old. It felt
He brushes a finger over the power button. There is no way that there is still life in the battery, not after so much time has passed. He doesn't even see a place on the back where a battery could possibly be detached, or a power cable plugged in.
He'd avoided looking at Sherlock.
"Yes," Molly said. "Um."
wouldn't break—
"Not my problem," she said.
sort of normal, and not one he was particularly contented with.
"You can't trick me. I've known you for far too long, young man."
"No," John says. He laughs again, the sound high, a little hysterical. "I guess not. It. Sort of. Well. Melted."
He started to whirl away, his coat swishing behind him.
"Delicious," he said.
"You knew that would happen," John said, later, as they left the shop. Police lights bathed the street in red and blue.
"What the hell happened to you?" John crossed the room, crouched down next to the chair. Pressed a hand against Sherlock's forehead, frowned at the feel of hot clammy skin, at the way Sherlock twitched away from his touch.
But John was unhappy. Confused. Why? The drinking. Right.
John frowned. "April Fool's Day?"
Sherlock, John knew, would have been able to deduce the caller's state of mind from those two rings.
"Sherlock, too."
John paid for the milk without making eye contact with the teenage boy at the counter.
Sherlock made a strangled sound, lunged for him again. He shoved at John, manhandling him down the hallway towards the bedroom.
"Excellent," Sherlock said, and he turned over, sat up. "That makes two of us."
"And here I thought I'd fallen victim to something so plebeian as the
Sherlock looked down at the ground. He had intended the message to be clear. He had been pleased by the savage simplicity of it.
"She's all right?" Sherlock had asked, keeping his voice low.
Sherlock frowned.
He stands blinking at the counter where it should be for far too long. He opens the cabinets. Inside is a hodgepodge assortment of plates and dishes, the sort of things cobbled together after years of living alone. The cute, patterned dish sets that Mary had brought to the flat—that he'd watched her carefully unpack just yesterday—are not there.
"Sherlock!" Rosie had shouted from behind him. "The burger pearl!"
"You—"
"I'm not propositioning you," John said. "I mean—I could be—but I'm not. Erm. I mean. Not right now. You're freezing. Take a hot shower and I'll order room service."
They looked at each other for a moment. Sherlock tapped his fingers restlessly against his thighs. Molly glanced at John's empty chair as if she meant to sit down, seemed to think better of it. Went to the sofa instead.
Next to him, Rosie made a quiet noise in the back of her throat. She reached out, took his hand. Squeezed.
He looks at the blinking cursor. Types.
John listened as she made her way carefully down the stairs. Then he turned to Sherlock, who had helped himself to a scone.
"Hm?" John seems startled by the question. "Oh. No. She—no."
John smiled tightly, looked away.
Sherlock snorted, huffed out a surprised little laugh just as John had intended. "Go get your daughter, John," he said. "Take her home. Get some sleep. Tomorrow we catch a killer."
"He’s gone, John,“ her voice cracked a little bit.
Sherlock, who had opened his mouth to say just that, clamped it back shut.
he thought. There was something important. Something he needed to remember. Something he needed to do.
Sherlock pursed his lips, tucked in his chin.
"Her skills—" Mycroft said.
"And then tied you up in a flat in Wapping? As a—what? Sort of reward?"
"So is that what this is, hm?" John asked instead. "Revenge?"
Sherlock's fingers ghosted along the side of John's neck. He shivered.
John had flattened his palm against Sherlock's chest, right over his heart. They'd stayed like that for what felt like hours, sweat cooling on sticky skin. Sherlock's breathing was slow and even.
Sherlock looked at him, at the hair that was all wrong, at the mild smile that John never wore anymore, at the shapeless jumper that John had long ago traded for button-down shirts. This John was an amalgamation of memories, crafted for convenience and maintained by necessity during his time away.
"You—?"
He walked, and thought about London.
Sherlock frowns at him.
Baker Street had been thoroughly cleaned and dusted. The bulbs in all of the lamps had been replaced. They were brighter, reached farther. The distant corners of the flat were no longer entirely mysterious.
"Anderson," John cut in, taking pity. He lifted his empty pint glass, gestured towards the bar. "I think this round's on you, yeah?"
Sherlock stopped.
At some point Mrs Hudson had gone off to fuss with something in the kitchen, and John and Sherlock had disappeared somewhere, and Molly had found herself left alone with Mary. And Mary had looked at her, and her face had been happy, and tired, and she'd shifted the sleeping baby in her arms and had said
"You're an idiot," John said. He shook his head, smiled. It was a gentle smile, affectionate, bemused. An utterly inappropriate reaction. He should have been shouting. He should have been storming out. He should have been preparing for a silent, tense ride back to London.
John huffed out a sharp, humourless laugh. "High praise, coming from you."
"—Must be the victim's cologne," John attempted, his voice emerging thick and choked. He sniffed, hard, tried to regain his composure. His face heated.
Sherlock sits down in his chair, watches them.
John looked at them, thought about the nightmarish day spent picking them out. The heavy floral aroma in the air, Sherlock's arm around Janine's waist. The endless sniping, the fighting, the making up.
Perhaps he can no longer avoid it. Perhaps he should have faced it, head on, right from the start. He is not sure. He loathes uncertainty.
Jeanette got restless if they hung around too long without doing much of anything. And so they went out instead. Tonight, they'd ended up in a posh little club with drink prices that did his blood pressure no favours.
The phone didn't ring.
"What's that?"
Thunder rumbled. A few fat drops of rain pattered against the car.
"Not mine," Lazarus said. He waved a dismissive hand. "Don't worry about that."
He sniffed, looked up.
might—"
"Clearly."
"You're a single dad," she said.
He refrained. But it was difficult.
"She doesn't need to make any phone calls. If you have people here to arrest her, do it."
"Good?"
He'd missed his train.
"You want me to waltz into MI6. And—and what—walk right up to the front desk? Ask for the department that specializes in coded messages?"
"You've got to be—" John broke off, looked away, barked out a disbelieving laugh. The sound cracked the stillness that had stretched between them. "You've got to be kidding me. Are you joking? Is this some kind of—"
Something was buzzing.
After. He'd talked to Sherlock for months, after. He'd never felt the need to share that fact with Ella, and Sherlock had not encouraged him to do so. In time, he'd just . . . faded away. That was what they did, the dead. They faded away.
The force of it terrifies him, paralyses him, and instead of moving forward he brings one hand up to rub uncomfortably at the back of his neck, shifts where he stands, feeling like an awkward schoolboy.
He'd disconnected the call before John could reply. The screen had gone dark.
John had his hand pressed against his mouth, was staring straight ahead. His eyes were soft.
"She's lovely," Sarah said. "They're so great at this age. Bit of a handful, but—" she laughed, shook her head, stood up. "She's got your smile."
John swallowed a smile, looked down. "Not the most lucrative of criminal careers."
John reached out, smoothed the top of his finger over the urn, wiped away invisible dust. The bookshelves remained eloquent with it, but the place where Mrs Hudson now kept company with Billy the skull over the fireplace was always kept immaculate.
John had the volume muted, but could not bring himself to look away from that smug, leering face. The news stations played an endless cycle of clips—Smith at charity dinners, Smith cutting the ribbon at the grand opening of his hospital wing, Smith smiling for the camera, Smith at bloody Wimbledon.
"You want an engagement announcement. On my blog."
He was treated for his injuries, then formally arrested and taken into custody for the murder of James Evans.
"What?"
He read the papers, and was pleased when news broke that cast doubt on the New Scotland Yard corruption case. Sherlock Holmes' sullied name was cleared. Regrettably, the media noted, it had not happened in time to save his life.
"Sherlock," Molly said, and she was staring too. She shook her head, took a hasty step forward.
"Well," John says. "I sort of got the idea you were lying, before."
John smiled, furious with himself, and bit his lip. His eyes stung. He could not bring himself to look at Sherlock. "I made a promise I couldn't possibly keep."
Sherlock stared at him for a moment, his face unreadable. He looked down at his arm, at the space John's hand had just vacated. Blinked.
"Sherlock," John said.
"All right?" John asked, when the moment had stretched too long.
"Tell him to avoid the water," Sherlock says. He stands up, smooths damp palms over his trouser legs. "That ought to take care of his problem."
he thought.
Sherlock had looked down at his feet for a moment, then looked up, his brow furrowed.
"It's—" John said.
"It was the first time I'd heard it. Up close. It was—" he'd stopped again, shook his head.
His stomach rumbled. He strapped Rosie into her highchair, watched her as she lifted the bottle and resumed drinking. When he was satisfied that she was not going to drop it, he turned away.
And all John could think about was Sherlock's arms around Janine on the dance floor. About Sherlock standing in front of the altar and reciting vows,
"Grimpen Village," Sherlock says, and his voice sounds steadier now, more sure. "Why Grimpen Village? We'd only been the one time, and the entire experience was dreadful."
"Yeah, I—" he stops, reads the truth on her face. "You know what? Never mind. Sorry."
So she'd done it. She'd done it because he'd asked, and in the end she always did what he asked, even when she told herself not to.
. Nothing more. Never anything
And if footsteps could sound sad, he was sure they would sound like that.
John took a step forward, hesitated, and then cleared his throat, turning his head away and biting his lip, chuckling lightly to himself and watching Sherlock with those heavy eyes.
— and I don’t have an issue with Shakespeare — great lad, wonderful lad, even bisexual according to gossip —”
“You watched it?”
“Who would you have chosen?” Sherlock asked, pulling the question from a deep rooted place of rising insecurity. The Sherlock Holmes he shared with the world was simply the version of himself he wanted everyone to believe him to be: an untouchable force, a musician, a composer, a dancer, who couldn't be reached, who seemed hardly human at all, a machine dressed in a leotard and tights, a mechanical arm that moved the bow across the strings of his violin, a human being coded to perform and ignore the confining enclosure of emotions.
She pulled back, her grin wide on her face, lips pink and glossy, eyes bright and wide, the rose colored eyeshadow she had on illuminating her green eyes, popping with the contrast of her pale skin and dark hair.
is going to talk about today and yet here we all are like practically screaming for a video, I love this fan base lads
It was a half-hearted attempt to redirect his friend’s attention, to act entirely oblivious, to act as though what Mike had just seen shouldn’t pose any questions — because, frankly, it
Sometimes it would be covered in icy snow, cold and threatening, a wasteland of sickness and shivers.
.’ Simple, really.”
“John,” He heard Mike call out from behind him, the stubby teen jogging up to his side and placing a warm hand on his shoulder, “Alright, mate?”
, but he — he
again.”
“Why not?”
Sherlock scoffed, “To save my liver?”
: I giggled
figure, this
Sebastian Moran rolled his eyes in frustration and, exasperated, began to explain. “The American term for arse?” He stated, and then simply continued when John appeared even more perplexed, “‘Ass?’
Sherlock nodded and opened his mouth to say something else, only to be interrupted by the waitress setting their drinks down.
: I cant possibly be in love with two guys, can I?
, John was gone on him.
“Shut up,” He managed, looking away and carefully pulling the car up and into his flat complex, his heart swelling with the very fact that Sherlock was returning so soon, back where he lived, back with him, just the two of them.
, Sherlock.”
, “Just thought you should save yourself the trouble whilst you still had the chance.”
John simply couldn’t force away the urge within him to apologize for the entire, obviously awful ordeal Sherlock had experienced earlier — he wanted to say sorry, he
He’d have to play his best tonight — he certainly couldn't give Sherlock a bad first impression of his athletic skill, now could he?
off the
Harriet nodded, as though she really, truly, did understand, and huffed thoughtfully, moving so that her back was pressed against the leather car seat, and lifting her legs to stretch them out in front of her, crossing her feet on the dashboard with ease, “How was the game?”
“Sherlock.”
So he simply frowned, slipped his hands into his sweatshirt pockets and stared narrowly at John, chewing on his bottom lip a little before shaking his head, “And they say
“This. Me, being — you know. Because in my defense, you were never supposed to find out, no one was, and I —“ Sherlock stopped mid sentence, brows creasing the skin above his nose as they furrowed, heart faltering slightly in his chest as he followed John’s line of sight, the boy distracted once more, to his long, spindly fingers, now dropping slowly from his chin towards the table, John’s golden head following suit.
Why was his mind shouting at him, why was he on the floor, when did he move to the floor, why couldn’t he feel his knees, why were his lips numb, why were his cheeks wet, why were his eyes burning? Christ, his entire
," His uncle spat, a menacing grin altering the lines of his fairly wrinkled expression, before he extended his arm outward, tipping his cup instantly upside down, ice and expensive scotch toppling to the floor with a clink and a splash, "But clean this up first."
Sherlock frowned and glared at the boy, guilt welling up in his chest at the idea of John missing out on something he’d surely enjoy, with his friends, friends he actually
Jane Watson @
, I’m always around.”
Yes, I didn't slack and I had a wave of motivation and excitement hit me to work further on this, and ah, for once I am so very proud of this chapter.
He watched as Sherlock’s eyes flickered in their multicolored shade, blinking repeatedly before dropping to the ground, shyly, timidly, which only caused John’s smile to spread wider across the entirety of his warm expression.
“Because,
The curly-haired genius jolted in place, nearly dropping his cigarette as he whirled around to face John, eyes wide as they glanced once over the entirety of John's body and then moved back up to his line of sight, frozen there, brows above narrowed in confusion, and partial disbelief.
like one.”
Lady Lousie @
. Not that he really enjoyed spending all that much time with Sholto and Moran, but they were still part of his team and he had to admit, a pre-game celebration would have the whole lot of them in a far better mood when game day finally arrived, and, frankly, as captain, he needed the motivation.
: like we don’t even know what @
The continuous slamming of a fist against his wooden door was what woke Sherlock up earlier than he would have liked that morning - considering he’d been up all night deciding whether or not he should hit the upload button on his new creation.
“My parents were divorcing,” Mike argued, scowling, and it was the first time John had ever seen an angry teddy bear before, “It was stress eating, okay?”
He recognized them, couldn’t remember their names though – probably deleted it – but he knew what he’d done to make them look at him the way they had, all glares and furious eyes, teeth bared and grins evident on their ugly features. He’d said too much, he’d deduced their secrets, embarrassed them, humiliated them. It had all been on accident, but he’d still done it. He couldn’t control it. His deductions came as naturally to him as walking, or breathing, or hunting.
"I just love that," She smiled happily, before inhaling sharply, expression falling just slightly, and Sherlock instantly braced himself.
"What happened to your eye?"
“Meet me behind the dance building when you’re done then, yeah?”
But, apparently, he’d made the mistake of grasping Charles Magnusson’s attention, the man, according to what he’d overheard time and time again, a warlord in the journalism industry, wealthy and powerful, owning his own paper, printing the stories he wished and somehow having the means of acquiring information that mere ordinary folk could not. And, from what Sherlock had deduced himself, a desperately closeted homosexual, with a history of sexual assault.
what for.”
. Instead, Sherlock held his tongue and stared up at the ceiling.
7,890 views. 589 Likes, 2 Dislikes.
Victoria @
But instead, John just looks relieved as he takes a step closer, his eyes wide in silent question and his lips quirking now, lifting up only slightly at one side as he whispers, softly, so close to Sherlock that he can feel the warmth of his breath in the cold of the air and the wet drops of the rain, “
"Yes. It was imperative that I study," He lied subtly, lifting a hand to scratch at the back of his neck nervously, risking a glance up at his uncle, "what with tests coming up and all. I met up with a friend in the library."
The buzz came quickly.
“Holy shit,” John managed to make out, his lips the only movement his body could physically make given the current situation, his heart thumping rapidly in his chest.
“Oh, yes,” Sherlock groaned in that same low baritone John was so unhealthily obsessed with, “How could I forget,
“You’re so gone on him,” The snake-like voice stated from beside him and he whirled to face Irene, her lips lifted knowingly and her eyes flashing with excitement beneath her arched brows.
Every head turned to look at the boy across the large room, of whom was now gliding through the dining hall at a rapid pace, clearly finished with his meal and eager to leave.
? Clearly he knew. Was he teasing him?
“Well, you didn’t have to pack your
“Meet up with us tomorrow morning at breakfast, yeah mate?” Greg turned to John, smiling at him whilst the rest of the group said their goodbyes through simple waves as they strolled lazily away.
“I take it it went well then?” She questioned, her back turned to John and her chestnut hair done up in a tight bun. John could practically hear the smirk in her voice. He lifted his head from staring at the lessening contents of his mug, and gazed gently at her.
“Have coffee with me.”
“I don’t need babysitting,” Sherlock stated softly, forcing a timid smile, “It’s alright.”
“I’m,” He paused and glanced down at his hands, of which rested in his lap, intertwined and utterly still, “numb.”
, he could just be
“It’s you.”
Hello! Gosh, sorry for the wait on this thing.
Sometimes Sherlock wished he was a dog, then, at least, he wouldn't have to worry about the stupid games or other hateful people. He could just…be.
He had listened to it today in French class, and watched it under the discretion of his desk, and fallen utterly, and completely, in love.
"Your boy again?" Ms. Hudson's voice jolted him out of his mindless gawking and he turned to quickly stare up at her from where he was kneeling beside his bag, blushing pink under her scrutiny. She caught up on his shameful gaze and snickered quietly, shrugging her shoulders and turning to open the exit door, "Stop watching him through a screen when you can just see him in person."
does some sort of meet up or something one day, like shit dude I’m in the UK and need to meet this human being.
“Why am I here then?”
A Personal Recommendation to the Entire Nation
“Which?” John frowned.
John let out a sharp, annoyed laugh and nodded, glaring straight ahead and swallowing thickly, staring blankly at the dance department building as though willing it and the entire concept of dance to poof his troubles away.
Sherlock struggled to keep his own cheeks from reddening and turned away, chewing on his bottom lip to keep from beaming brightly back at the boy sitting in front of him, because regardless of how nervous he was to attend some party, his first in years, he would be with John, and any minute of any day spent with John was time well spent.
” look completely gone now, and John positively adored the fact that he got to see him disheveled, not as entirely put together as he usually was when he sauntered through Baker’s halls. The rugby captain watched as he ran the towel over his face, wiping at the eyeliner and other makeup dotting his skin, somewhat faded already from the rain, the white texture of the towel coming away tinged with black, the charcoal hue of his matte lipstick finally smeared clean, and John was still bewildered by how long it had lasted, both through dinner and the downpour of the rain — not to mention John’s lips.
John just shrugged, walking on without a passing glance at his friend, unfazed by his words, unbothered, and certainly unmoved. He would’ve continued to press on, to stare forward, if Lestrade hadn’t gripped his forearm tight and tugged him around to face him, the two of them stopping in the middle of the rugby field, Greg looking terribly frightened and John staring back in irritated confusion.
He took pleasure in the hitch of Sally’s breath, before turning back to her and narrowing his eyes in faux curiosity.
Emily Jacobs @
— and setting it down atop the kitchen counter, shoving a few beakers to the side with a huff.
He sighed and rounded the corner of the corridor, taking in the sight of a fully-decked dining table, covered in silver plates and utensils, breads and jams, fruits and pastries, and, of course, Haymitch and Molly, the two chatting amongst themselves while munching on their breakfast – well, Molly was ravaging it rather than savoring it. He slowly made his way forwards, passing Effie of whom sat on the couch near the table, her hair still alarmingly pink, just like her outfit. She was smiling at him, brightly, genuinely happy to see him for some odd reason. He merely glared back and approached the table, eyeing a couple of the cakes. He wasn’t pleased to admit he was desperately hungry. He hadn’t eaten for at least two days – he’d been watching his food intake, on his mother’s behalf, unwilling to allow her to worry and fret over their rather large lack in proper rations.
did you do that?” John’s voice sounded out, his brows drawn forwards, his lips turned downward in an expression that Sherlock could not pinpoint through the rain and the chaos of his heart and mind turning against him.
Unable to process any simple words in response, Sherlock merely stared, blank and utterly taken off guard, his mind in disarray, his heart fluttering this way and that, his veins throbbing beneath his skin, and when he opened his mouth to respond, no words came out, silence floating there between them whilst John’s features merely lifted into a sincere smile — a smile that
The rugby captain’s ocean blue eyes widened rather rapidly and he was instantly coughing and fumbling nervously and one-handedly with his backpack straps, “Oh, I, uh,” He swallowed and moved to the other side of the corner table, sitting directly in front of Sherlock, his lunch tray clattering against its surface as he seemingly collected himself, confidence right back in those ever-perfect features, “How are you?”
“Yeah, where you look at people and take them apart?”
He shut is eyes once more and thumped his head yet again against his steering wheel, but before he could fall too deep into his own mental agony, a poke to the side of his stomach sent him turning right back to Harry again, his face portraying what could only be deduced as misery — not because tonight had been quite the night of
“So, you’re not seen with me.”
“Redbeard?” Sherlock murmured questioningly.
Jenny B @
“So,” He cleared his throat, eager to strike up a conversation and stray from the silence.
Brows tilted with sorrow, mouth curved downward, cheeks hollow.
John swallowed, smiled wearily and then dropped his gaze to his phone.
“You look like a bloody
They cleaned their plates, Mrs. Watson offered seconds to which everyone but Harry refused, and soon John was nudging Sherlock with his foot beneath the table, head flicking in a gesture towards the hall whilst he smiled that warm smile, a tell tale sign that they were allowed to go on their way. Sherlock made a point to thank John’s mother before he followed John back to his bedroom, feeling warmed by the wholesome aftereffect of a proper dinner, of a proper sitting-down with a proper family — it was an entirely new sensation, this, and one he never thought he’d actually prefer to hiding within the confines of his bedroom with a cup of tea and an old granola bar. Even before the accident, his father hadn’t ever wanted anything like what he’d just experienced. He’d hire a cook, sit beside the fireplace with a book too thick for one evening’s sitting, drink his favorite liquor, and announce that Sherlock and Mycroft help themselves to supper — Sherlock had always found himself sneaking downstairs at three in the morning and snacking on leftovers, too busy to eat at the right time, or simply unbothered.
“Flat sweet flat,” John chuckled as he unlocked and pushed the door open with ease, holding it aside for Sherlock to step through, not helping the already very apparent blush marring his pale cheeks.
Sherlock had lost his father.
“John!” Sherlock snapped hysterically, “What the bloody hell?”
John’s sister bore an odd sort of smirk every time she met Sherlock’s line of sight, eyes darting between him and her brother, as though she were in on some dark secret, as though she held the key to some exciting story, brows lifting smugly, pink lips quirking. It was both unsettling and yet somewhat intriguing to Sherlock, and he found himself wondering whether or not this was simply Harry Watson, or if she actually
much more when he thought of John taking the insults, the punches, the horrid name-calling, than it did when Sherlock received it himself? God, he was
John. He didn’t simply
With a soft laugh, John sat next to him, “Alright?”
He didn’t know why. For God’s sake, he didn’t know
But only moments later, John spoke again.
“An accurate description,” Sherlock scoffed, turning away from the disgusting mess of what the school actually called
A laugh escaped the blonde’s already parted lips, and he pressed even closer, sending shivers down Sherlock’s spine, “You did do the reading then.”
“That true, fag?” He snapped, practically growling as he held Sherlock up, his back tightening with the pull of his jumper, his arm instinctively clutching at Seb’s wrists.
John blanched, “Oh.” He then frowned, expression hardening at the thought slamming against his heart, “Sherlock, he didn’t —“
“Anything
John scooted Molly’s pink sofa chair closer to the bed, sprawled back and put his feet up, grabbing for his tea and sipping slowly as Molly stood by her small, wooden easel, fingers covered in a rainbow of different colored paint as they gripped tight to one of her blue paintbrushes. Science was her obsession, but painting was certainly her biggest hobby — strictly cats and flowers though. It seemed those were her only muses, much to John’s admiration — she was quite the adorable human being.
to giggle. They’d spoken about it before, John urging her to say something or make some sort of move before he did for her, but she always shook her head, trying to deny it or insist he wouldn’t feel the same way — which, of course, John knew was utter horse shit. Greg Lestrade was the second most genuine person he had ever met. Molly Hooper was the first.
Sherlock scoffed bitterly to himself, glaring at the floor and shaking his head. He supposed it made sense. Hell, if Sherlock were in his position, he’d want his uncle to leave too.
,” Sherlock forced out, eyes scattering over every inch of their location, of the parked car, of John’s somewhat exasperated expression, his fingers quivering where they were clenched in his lap, his knee bouncing anxiously — if John didn’t know any better, he’d say Sherlock looked utterly and entirely frightened.
“Sherlock?” Molly’s timid voice sounded from beside him, but he remained cold and still, his face turned away from her line of sight, his eyes fixated on the square shape of the train window. He didn’t want to talk. He didn’t feel like talking. He wouldn’t talk. Not yet. Why should he? Why should he do anything anymore? For God’s sake, he just sounds like a stubborn, insubordinate, pesky teenager.
The response was almost immediate, and Sherlock imagined John laying atop his own bed, fresh from a long shower —
the idiot and
"Sorry," John chuckled, rubbing the back of his neck a little awkwardly, "Didn't mean to scare you."
like him.”
“I was wondering if you’d come to my rugby match, tomorrow night.”
“Thanks,” He beamed and watched as Sherlock gingerly took back the mobile, swallowing nervously and gazing at John with a rather desperate look, as though he was terribly confused and tired of it.
And now? Well, now he celebrated John’s rugby match wins, apparently. How funny. How funny that such a boy, blonde and clueless, could have an infinitely powerful affect on him — so much so that he could, truly, deep down, put aside the worries of his past and only see one thing:
look into their eyes was — well — amazing. It was a sensation of importance, a sensation that gave you a notion of control — that you were touching people without them being physically there.
because I’m not entirely sure I could bare parting ways with you tonight.”
Luckily the sight of himself had dulled any sense of arousal from earlier that morning.
Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut.
Molly let out a soft giggle and beamed his way, their feet coming to a stop between a splitting hallway, Molly’s class down an entirely different corridor to his. She placed her soft hands atop his shoulders and grinned at him, all white teeth and pink lips and he was instantly reminded of how lucky he was to have her as his friend.
“I’m afraid he wouldn’t like me very much then,” Sherlock stated softly, tone hushed and shy as the words left his mouth, and, carefully, he turned to glance at John, of whom had stopped poking mindlessly at the bacon, deciding, instead, to stare openly at Sherlock’s timid stance beside him.
going to be an alien in a poncho. He glanced back to see James Sholto staring him down with narrowed eyes, expression unreadable as he stood there, holding tight to John and glaring into oblivion.
“Nonsense,” Irene slurred, slithering over to her and resting her elbow atop one of Molly’s small shoulders, “You can’t
Bobbing his head firmly, John removed his hand, placing it back in his lap, and Sherlock instantly felt at a loss — half of him wanted to grab that wrist and put it against his skin once more, maybe somewhere new, and the other was prepared to sprint out John’s door and refuse to look back. Because,
“Hey,” the rugby captain grinned, his ocean eyes dropping carefully over the entirety of Sherlock’s body, calculating and focused, as though double-checking he hadn’t been hurt once more between the span of when John had dropped him off and now.
John rolled his eyes, glancing around to see if any of the boy’s were paying him any attention, before his eyes settled on a distant figure, yet again lugging a rather large duffle bag beside him, his long, spindly legs carrying him forwards rather quickly in a direction he seemed quite set on. John swallowed, resisting the urge to run across the field and join him on his quest to wherever he was headed.
John frowned and swallowed thickly, turning to face Sherlock with a look of utter confusion, “What?”
“I don’t like parties,” Sherlock then mumbled, keeping his eyes fixed on the surface of the lunch table, his hands grasped together, fingers fidgeting nervously in his lap.
John bobbed his head, smile remaining, “Doesn't matter.”
“Look,” John sighed, “I do, you know,
: Hello! So, you and Bee are both incredible and I’d love to see a collab from you both, regardless of the whole beeface thing. But, you know, #beeface because I can’t help it honestly. :)
He did what came naturally — he let their lips dance.
The boy’s surrounding him cheered and hollered dramatically, John’s cheeks reddening as a few others across from them glanced over their shoulders and glared at the rambunctious bunch, rolling their eyes in annoyance.
gesture, throwing her hand forwards as if to shoo any thought of the brute away and shaking her head. John smirked at her before glancing over at Lestrade, the boy’s expression twisting into one of despair, his features turning downwards in worry for a split second before they fell neutral once more, focusing back on the contagiously
TW: homophobic language, fighting (kind of), just overall bully being a dick
“Because I like to think you wouldn’t voluntarily leave me alone,” John stated firmly, his smile shyer now, light and soft, a look of pure uncertainty and yet mixed with that same underlying edge of confidence.
Snatching his phone from where John held it clenched between his fingers, his hand floating atop the sink, where he’d originally intended to set it down in his oh-so-noble ways, Sherlock pushed past the boy and back into the hall, face blank and emotionless, hoping, somehow, he still had a chance to play this all off as John’s imagination running wild.
deserved to get in response to what had happened? He was worth far more than, ‘emotionally compromised.’ No — there were no words to describe the reaction He deserved. No words. Nothing.
“Or is that just from scrubbing your floors?”
Sherlock couldn’t possibly hide the blush tinting his cheeks as he strolled towards the cafeteria, heart swelling at John’s words, the entirety of his figure brimming to the top with heartfelt adoration for one single blue-eyed, blonde boy. It was a wonder he still stuck around, that he hadn’t run off yet, or decided against befriending Sherlock Holmes, the school
In his own mind, he was fucked either way.
John nodded, "Definitely yellow."
Little Lia @lialovesjohn: daily reminder that I love @
John smirked at the lot of them, all entirely harmless, each of them simply gifted with big mouths and an adoration to talk. He glanced over at where Sherlock sat, alone, slouched, looking entirely exhausted — it brought a frown to John’s expression, brows furrowing. The temptation to get up and sit next to the boy was almost overwhelming — hell, Sherlock was alone and he wasn’t even new.
“Does to me.”
like he was spending time with someone he’d known his whole life.
Gay bean @
“Dance. Can I watch you dance one day?” John grinned, leaning forwards and setting his forearms on the table’s surface, intrigue and question in the creases and curves of his expression.
John smiled widely and lifted a shoulder nonchalantly, “I know.”
Sherlock arched a brow and quickly got his breathing under control, lifting his eyes to look back at Victor, running a weak hand through his tousled curls, "Well, I don't necessarily care."
John shut his eyes in pure agony.
It was silent as Sherlock turned away again, expression giving nothing away, body rigid and guarded, upright and yet hunched slightly, as though he were hiding in himself, hiding whatever it was that was currently, and most often, making him so very lonely, so very sad.
: I love ONE adorable platonic opposite gender friendship
Sherlock shrugged carelessly, eager to avoid that particular subject and scoffed, choosing to roll his eyes instead and step away from her, turning towards his bag and pulling out his ballet slippers, "Dull."
: uh cuteness
: 15,679
Beeface for days @
John flushed and turned away, shaking his head and feigning a scowl, "Shut up, Hooper."
worlds.”
John giggled, glancing over at the box that contained all his many decorations. He was, of course, excited — to make this place his own, to be independent, to make first impressions, and become someone new. Baker was a fresh start,
To John, he is invaluable and that is a sensation he’s never been made aware of in all his moments spent breathing atop the earth.
Deep down John was holding on to the idea that maybe, just maybe, the
John shrugged a shoulder and frowned angrily down at the ground, choosing to spare himself the smell of old garlic and morning coffee.
They walked in silence for a few moments, drawing nearer to their respective class, the only sound their footsteps agains the tiled floor of the corridor, when Sherlock cleared his throat, turning slightly towards the boy next to him and trying his best to swallow down his nervousness.
Lilly Bird @
“For a little while there, I was terrified I’d have to choose between you or
John bit his lip.
John Watson watches his videos.
John watched as Sherlock took on a pink shade at John’s words before he let out a soft laugh and nodded his head, his finger fiddling nervously once more before him. John frowned at his empty hands and looked up at him with soft features, expression warm and inviting, something he’d perfected and kept for Sherlock’s eyes only — the boy needed that: something gentle, something loving, a look that said,
John didn’t look convinced, “Why not?”
. But he wasn’t Sherlock anymore anyhow, not without John Watson.
“Lucky him, then,” Bill murmured to himself.
— calculating, and preparing himself for the worst.
goes to Baker.
He watched with worry as the brunette in his arms pulled back slightly, bright expression dimming only slightly, a brief look of anguish before he righted his features back to neutral.
Victor’s grip loosened momentarily before he yanked Sherlock’s hips hard enough to spin him around, their faces close and breaths intertwining, lust and irritation behind Victor’s dark eyes.
John reached into the cardboard box titled
“Saturday at seven,” Sherlock reiterated, nodding in confirmation and internally yelling at the butterflies in his stomach to calm the fuck down.
. But he was entirely transfixed, his eyes never leaving John’s nimble form where it bounced around on the grassy field, tense and resolute, body strong, mind tactful. He was so completely captivated by the sight that he didn’t even notice the yellow shape sitting beside him until it tapped him lightly on the shoulder.
John’s blue eyes fell warm and kind as he stared at the other boy, expression soft, gentle, coaxing and soothing whilst Sherlock remained withdrawn, features almost shy in a desperate attempt to block whatever emotions, whatever sentiment, was trying to get out.
John nodded in response and Sherlock merely stood, watching the confrontation with keen eyes, a frown lining his features as he looked on thoughtfully — had Mycroft and he ever had a conversation similar? Even when his father was around, he couldn’t remember ever being so very
But, one second John was smiling, wide and drowsily adorable, and then his eyes were sliding across Sherlock’s nimble frame — much to Sherlock’s reddening cheeks and clenching heart — and freezing atop his midsection, joyous expression dropping, and anger furrowing his brows. Before Sherlock knew what was happening, a hand was on his side, urgent and firm, and Sherlock quickly flew back in utter shock, heart thundering against his chest, body curling away from John’s sudden touch.
dead.”
“Morbid.”
“He might not,” Mike stated thoroughly, expression serious and adamant.
Mike shrugged, “He said he didn’t do clubs. And then he told me to lay off the blueberry scones.”
“Oh. Yeah, what about him?”
, possibly have it any other way.
Bobbing his head slightly, half of him taking in John’s liver lecture, the other half confused beyond what he’s used to, Sherlock stared blankly, frowning, while he carried on with his rambling.
Perhaps he was laughing, that bright, glowing reveal of white teeth, at a joke Mike yelled from across the room, or maybe he was keeping to himself, ignoring his friends cracking snide jokes at one another and insulting the lesser than them, whilst he dug further through his bag, pulling out his practice clothes and cleats…
John scowled playfully and reacted in mock offense, “I don’t see either of you rising to the occasion either.”
He jolted to life and turned, eyes narrowed as they landed on the small shape of Molly Hooper, a girl he thoroughly recognized — she and John spent quite a bit of time together, and she was in several of his classes, always smiling politely his way no matter the circumstances, or whether he even bothered to smile back. Swallowing thickly, he gave her a short once over — chestnut hair in a bun, yellow dress sprawled out around her, a fluffy black jacket keeping her warm, charcoal colored boot clad feet — and then simply turned back to the ongoing rugby match, hoping that if he ignored her long enough, she’d disappear.
“Sherlock.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes before closing them, staring into the red swirl of darkness, his lashes fluttering against his cheeks, “It’s not like anyone would have even come in anyway.”
Sholto scoffed and shook his head, rolling his eyes and looking towards the front of the room, “You plonkers need to upgrade.”
lips — those perfectly pink, perfectly plush lips. Bloody
would be reprogrammed within his mind, over and over and over again until it never existed.
He heard Sherlock scoff, “Doesn't matter.”
Sherlock couldn’t help but scoff, the sound that escaped him bitter and harsh, but he didn’t care. He had thought more of Mycroft; he had thought him smart, a right genius, perhaps even smarter than he, but here he was thinking up fantasies and expecting the impossible.
"Now, the time has come for us to select one courageous young man and woman," She paused, glancing at the entirety of the crowd, "for the honor of representing District 12 for the 74th annual Hunger Games."
Before he could type out another response, a familiar slamming of a lunch tray atop the grey table knocked his focus, and he instantly felt his body shiver and his cheeks redden with anticipation, his eyes lifting from his mobile to John, the boy looking as devastatingly charming as usual. He was dressed in a maroon t-shirt one size too large, and his hair was rather ruffled as though he’d had somewhat of a stressful morning — his eyes were as rich in their blue shade as they always were, and his smile was just as radiant as it was in Sherlock’s deepest dreams. He opened his mouth to speak but froze instantly, the slamming of two more lunch tray’s making him flinch and drawing his attention, regrettably, away from John. At either side of the rugby captain, Molly Hooper and Greg Lestrade were sitting down atop the plastic navy seats, tucking themselves in at the table and shooting Sherlock wide, warm grins, beginning to fiddle with the items on their school meal trays, as though nothing — nothing at all — about this was completely unnatural. Sherlock began to feel a sense of dread rise along the back of his neck, hands trembling just slightly where they held tight to his phone, knuckles glowing white — what if John told them? But no, he said he wouldn’t, said Sherlock could trust him.
“That was,” John scoffed to himself and blinked in an utter loss for words, “just —
“Oh my
“So what’s in the bag?” John pondered, blue eyes darting over to where Sherlock sat, hunched over himself, shoulders suddenly guarded, expression narrowed and tense.
And with that, she winked and scurried away, a skip in her step and a wide grin on John’s face as she departed.
But, quick as he could, vulnerability far too close to its edge, far too apparent, Sherlock turned his head away and swallowed, “No.”
: so good I need more of your friend my dude
With a smile, John nodded and turned toward his computer screen, clicking with his mouse and tapping keys on his keyboard, concentrated and thoughtfully as he clipped the video footage and dropped in a musical track of some sort. It entranced Sherlock, how much John seemed to enjoy doing so — Sherlock often loathed editing his ballet routines, whether it was seeing himself on the screen or the act of damaging his self-pride through blurring the lines of his face. He didn’t even listen to his compositions before he uploaded them, instead doing his anonymous editing whilst the volume was muted.
“I like it here,” Sherlock said softly, eyes darting up and over the decor, all red and tan and incredibly cozy — it was the sort of restaurant that made you feel at home in a place you’d never even been; it was like a family had welcomed you into their home the moment you walked through the door.
The boy was taking entirely lazy notes in a small, spiral notebook, clearly unbothered by whatever it was their maths professor was going on about — logarithms or something — as he rested his cheek on his palm. John thought he looked especially intriguing, his eyes relaxed and not so overwhelmed by intense concentration or focus, his curls a bit messy from today’s rather nippy winds, his long, slender fingers moving just slightly with the path of his pencil.
Molly was in the middle of explaining her newest line of paintings — all realism work, sunflowers in cool hues rather than warm ones —
, before turning back to Molly and shrugging a shoulder, "It looks nice."
“I –“ He stopped, because he didn’t know. He didn’t know if he was angry, or sad, or nervous. He didn’t know. He didn’t know anything because this – this – was about emotion. And Sherlock Holmes didn’t understand emotion, or, at least, he assumed he didn’t. He hated not knowing.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes, eagerly tried to calm his nervous, rapid breaths, and then tucked his phone back into his pocket, arching a brow John’s way, leaning forward and folding his arms atop the table’s cold surface.
“Tell you what,” John began, as he slowly, carefully, pulled the car out of Sherlock’s wide driveway, glancing over his shoulder and easing the noisy Toyota onto the graveled road, all whilst Sherlock turned to face him curiously in his peripheral vision. “I’m shooting a new video today; wanna hang out at mine? Watch? Can’t say it’ll be very entertaining, especially unedited and all but,” John shrugged, even finding the courage to wink gently Sherlock’s way.
it was.
the idiotic woman who had broken the news to him through the phone, the hands on his shoulders, the voices shrieking at him to snap out of it, the impatient, tinged with worry, tone of — was that
His heart skipped a beat, thumping loudly in his ears as he listened, squeezing his eyes shut even tighter, eagerly wishing he could block out every noise, every breath. He bit the side of his cheek, and swallowed, hearing the woman's hand drop into the glass dome for the final time today, hearing her fingers shuffling through every slip of paper, hearing her finally choose one specifically as everyone and everything fell still.
John stopped in his tracks, grabbing gently to Sherlock’s elbow to halt him as well, staring with a frown at the brunette, of whom was frozen still, heart clenching, throat bobbing as he swallowed nervously.
: you’re so cute
He watched the boy smirk, the bit of papered nicotine between his lips looking positively filthy at the current moment.
Remember! This fic has a Twitter: reachmyeyes! Follow for any and all updates.
“How did I not put two and two together?” John asked aloud to himself, mind imploding, his eyes impossibly wide, watching the boy before him in both shock and awe — here he was, the boy he adored in his reality and the dancer of his dreams, one in the same.
John had never smiled so wide.
“Like the galaxy?” John added, smirking slightly and letting out a soft laugh as Mike beamed, obviously pleased with the prolonged space jokes.
“Look mate,” Greg swallowed, dropping his gaze to his feet and ducking his head both shyly and awkwardly, “I don’t
” Molly proposed, voice crackling as she spoke, hands, no doubt, moving animatedly.
Ah, and so it began — the judging conclusions, the glares, the questions, the concerns. Frankly, John didn’t want to deal with any of them. Whether they were genuine or simply itching for drama. John scoffed internally and held back an eye roll.
Sherlock tucked himself beneath the thin duvet atop his mattress, his phone clenched tightly in his fingers, thumb tapping anxiously against the screen, a nervous tick he didn’t know he had. He was gazing about his room erratically, drowning out the loud chattering of the downstairs television, his uncle sprawled out lazily on the couch, far too much scotch in his system. His eyes landed on the folded clothes tucked away in the corner of his plain, mundane room, sitting near an overflowing pile of books — John’s clothes. The one’s he’d been allowed to borrow before the chaos of recent events took place. He cheeks burned at the memory; John seeing his tattoo, that faded black bee he’d gotten on a spontaneous drug-induced haze after his father’s passing, John seeing his ballet shoes and gazing at him with that look of utter bewilderment and awe — that look he always had plastered to his tan, beautiful face; the one that said, ‘
Sherlock felt his cheeks redden and he quickly ducked his head, listening to John snickering before him as he gently turned away, his heart hammering in his chest at being called
Sherlock felt dizzy, heart hammering against his mere shield of skin, pulse thrumming against his wrist, his neck; he shut his eyes and leaned forward a little further, giving in to temptation, giving in to what his stupid, bloody heart has been asking for — begging for. With the simplest of movements, he pressed his head against John’s and let out a shaky breath, “And pay no worship to the garish sun.”
Retweeted by John H. Watson
. And certainly not for Sherlock’s well being, right?
“No.”
," before yanking the door open and exiting into the busy corridor of secondary school students.
He watched as Sherlock ducked his head to look at the place through the front window, the smile still there, clad in glossy black lipstick, those ethereal eyes bright and almost white, circled in the dark of his eye makeup — the boy looked absolutely breathtaking and John had a feeling he’d be staring far too much tonight.
“And hey,” Victor added as he made to move away, “Don’t eat too much.”
Notifications for:
He watched Sherlock blink, and then go about his next message.
A hand reached out and fingers gripped tight to his forearm, grasping at the soft, white fabric of his winter coat, the costume he’d thrown together in a few minutes simply because he was
Ms. Montgomery cleared her throat and frowned at him, uncaring towards his, what she believed to be, rebellious snark, “And what, pray tell John, do you find so funny about Shakespeare’s famous
“Right, what’s eating you then?” She asked, looking at him with a rather concerned yet amused gaze, her features light and open aside from her furrowed brow.
, and he thanked the heavens that their hostess came by with the check just as his lips parted to speak. She smiled at them, breaking the lock between their eyes and dropping the check in the middle of the wooden table before leaving once again. John reached for it, clearing his throat and grabbing out his wallet, leaving the exact amount in change and a reasonably generous tip inside the small booklet the woman had brought over before turning back to Sherlock and beaming bright, his makeup still fully intact, expression back to a fond, soft smile as he looked right back at John.
Molly’s words rang through his head.
“Well, if you’re going to be a part of the gang, you need a proper introduction too,” Greg shrugged, turning back to his tray and taking a sip from his milk carton.
But so often he found that people liked that side better; his own self, the one outside of the camera and the music and the videos uploaded to that channel, was a freak, an arrogant arsehole who hid behind harsh words and spitfire comments, a human being that hated being human,
“I’m such an idiot,” John giggled, high pitched and slightly hysterical as he followed Sherlock back into his room, where the lanky brunette was stuffing his drenched clothes carelessly into his backpack.
“Sure it is. You can be my plus one.”
Sherlock hummed to himself and looked down at his hands, before lifting his head and staring directly into John’s eyes, “Is he proud of you?”
: serious question Mr. Watson sir. Are you in love?
. He didn’t know why
“You watch me that much then?” He mused, lips tilting upwards slyly.
(See the end of the chapter for
John took the final sip of beer, not that he’d had many with such impeccable aim, and turned to pat James on the shoulder, smiling softly and flicking his head in the direction of which Sherlock stood, leaning against the wall, staring mindlessly into the crowd of dancers, hands fiddling nervously where they hung in front of him.
, Sherlock couldn’t help himself from closing his eyes, simply reveling in the warmth pressed against his arm, his leg, his shoulder, his hip. It fell quiet, and Sherlock could feel John’s gaze burning through him, and he didn’t want to think about how he might look, sat there, vision black, closed off, expression weightless and soft, a twinge of need and desperation outwardly obvious across the whole of his features.
Freezing at the sight of more bruises on a boy who was a frequent receiver of such, John swallowed and cleared his throat, expression still easy, still tender. Carefully, John lifted a hand and pointed, softly, at the being’s wrist, head tilting to the side as he asked, slowly, “What happened there?”
Sherlock stood from the bed and strolled over to John, and, as if by instinct, John scooted to the very edge of his chair, leaving a small ledge of room for Sherlock to plant himself onto, their hips pressed tight against one another, and their ankles hovering near under the desk. He felt himself blush and he looked up into the lens of the camcorder, officially in view, the entirety of his sharp cheekbones, messy chocolate curls, and ethereal eyes soon to be revealed to the public eye — no going back now.
As he stocked the plate atop his tray with what they had to offer in the long, spiraling line, kids anxiously awaiting their meals, he thought back to earlier, his experience in the hall, the boy who had rammed head first into his box of records, curly head and thin frame trapped beneath John once he’d thoroughly crashed to the ground. He’d been intriguing to say the least, all dark hair and bright eyes — a color John couldn’t even discern — pale skin and a slender figure, and though he’d been all but rude in the response that followed their corridor accident, John had found him insatiably charming. The instant he’d spotted that they’d coincidentally become new neighbors, his heart had soared just lightly, with both anxious excitement and nervous interest — he’d have to make up some kind of excuse to run into the boy once more. On purpose this time.
. Alcohol.
: “You could drown in those eyes, I said,
but kept his eyes on the book in his hands as he opened his mouth to speak once more, “It’s really not.”
? Or was he just kidding himself?
“What kind of name is that?” Sebastian Moran snapped, arching a brow in curiosity and staring down at the YouTube channel displayed on John’s mobile screen.
Too many, too much. Too much
She patted his forearm before pushing the leftovers to the side and turning back to his refrigerator, chestnut brown hair swaying back and forth in its tightly pulled ponytail.
Molly rolled her eyes and then slowly glanced over at Greg, the boy, a mere few feet from John, cracking open a water bottle and taking a quick sip before rifling through his duffle bag, completely unaware of the small girl’s gaze. John huffed and snapped his fingers to draw her attention back his way, arching a brow knowingly and shaking his head when he watched her shrug as though she was none the wiser.
Nothing.
: HELLO????
He was still fuming — hell, he was still completely and utterly outraged. What right did Sebastian Wilkes have to treat Sherlock — to treat anyone — the way he did? It was cruel, it was manipulative and cold and entirely dark-minded. It was proof of how horrid a human being Wilkes was and John was slowly reaching his breaking point — he was boiling over, like water left, forgotten, on a hot stove. He refused to acknowledge a person of his character, he refused to even begin to chat amicably with him, he refused to call him a friend — one day, and one day
Sherlock huffed and pressed himself harder against the small tree, bits of bark digging into the thin material of his jumper.
Sherlock swallowed and shoved his different beauty products in the corner of the bathroom counter, leaving it for later, far too distracted to think about cleaning it all up now, and raced out and into the hall, sprinting around the corner and facing the front door, where he quickly meandered over to the living room coffee table to grab his house keys. His uncle surely wouldn’t be home till late.
He lifted his eyes, and was instantly glad he did, the sight of Sherlock quirking that small, timid, uncertain smile worth so many precious things all in one — John would be content to see that smile for the rest of his days if he’d been given the option to.
Sherlock made it a self-proclaimed mission to know the very exact details, no matter how minute, of whatever he partook in or believed may some day come into a situation of grave importance. It wasn’t in his nature to experience anything in which he was absolutely clueless; he didn’t like spontaneity or events that left him whirling and perplexed — it was terrifying; being out of the loop, standing still, brain vacant, transfixed by the unknown, frozen in place by the fear of not understanding, not comprehending.
Jane Watson @
“Now you’ve taken it too far,” Sherlock teased which only provoked that adorably high-pitched giggle out of John’s plush lips, Sherlock’s heart fluttering near frantically, like the wings of a lost hummingbird, erratic and endless.
: 34,561
Small Trigger Warning (mentioned in the tags): indication of abuse.
I really do hope you like the chapter.
“Definitely,” John grunted, turning to her over his shoulder and laughing softly, meandering over to the blue cabinet door and expertly entering his passcode, springing the lock into life as it opened, bearing his abhorrent number of books and excess, unnecessary items. Once he’d transferred over whatever he needed and didn't need, he slammed the door shut and lifted his backpack onto his back once more, approaching Molly of whom was still busy fumbling with her textbooks and notepads.
For once, in his thoroughly
“Fine,” He responded, sneaking in a sip of his drink before continuing, “Embrace the probability of your imminent death. And know, in your heart, that there’s nothing I can do to save you.”
with something. Of all people.”
He shut his eyes for a moment and floated away, away to a world where he held Sherlock’s hand as they drove to his flat, where he kissed him goodbye in the hallways before a lecture, where he passed love notes to him in class and left funny little messages in his locker that told the boy how smart he was, how clever. A little world where his father came home for the holidays and invited Sherlock round for dinner, told him how good he was for his son, told John how proud he was that he wasn’t ashamed to be himself. What a wonderful world that would be.
. His lips quivered with the need to just
With a huff, John slammed back against the wall, shaking his head and rolling his eyes as Molly giggled and twirled, admiring her reflection carefully.
The Theorist @
“Cheated?” John gaped, laughing incredulously as they approached his locker, “How the hell do you cheat at Knots and bloody Crosses?”
: AMAZING
His mother had entered first, of course. She had hobbled towards him as fast as she could, throwing her arms around his neck, running her fingers through his hair, and kissing his forehead, all while fat tears rolled down both of her red, swollen cheeks, staining Sherlock’s skin with salt and devastation. It had been hard to reassure her, to tell her he would try to win, try to make it home so he could see her again.
Lilly Bird @
John snorted, shaking his head before shouting back, “Then bring us some, yeah?”
As though taking note of the situation, John smirked and gestured towards her own costume, or what seemed to be a costume anyway.
Before Molly could comment, much to his own gratitude, the entrance to their particular train car opened and a rather ragged, rough looking man entered, his long blonde hair greasy and his stubble uncared for. His white shirt, of which hid beneath a gray vest, was untucked, and his matching gray trousers were old, and baggy. He looked, in Sherlock’s opinion, like he didn’t have enough stamina to care for himself.
And maybe he was grabbing the waistband of his jeans, reaching for the button and slowly popping them open, his hands beside his hips as he ever so slowly…
Of course, that had been right before Moriarty had made himself known. There hadn't been much time for boredom, after.
They looked ridiculous, the pair of them, dancing in the sitting room in pyjamas and dressing gowns. Dancing without music, entirely at ease in one another's arms.
He let out a sharp laugh, shook his head. "I've seen it, mate."
John turns on his laptop, looks at his blog without writing anything.
talking about? Of course we are. Were. Whatever. She asked me out for drinks that time after the patient with the severed thumb. You were there."
John blinked at him, shook his head. "Why do I feel like this is a trick question?"
"No," John said, his voice so soft that it might have been a whisper. "Not exactly."
He smiled, a hard smile, one that pressed his lips together. "It's polite."
"I'm not—" Sherlock paused. Considered. "Oh."
His chest felt like it could rip open, like it could spill his carefully concealed heart out into Sherlock's lovely hands.
"I don't know," Lazarus said. "I don't like not knowing."
"I think—" Sherlock's voice was sharp. He cut himself off, pressed his lips together in a thin line. When he spoke again, he was quieter. "I think that if you have any favours remaining, anyone you might call to keep her for the next few nights, you should do so. It may be best not to have her close. In case."
It has not, apparently, had the same effect on John.
Someone had carried a sleeping Rosie up to bed. Sherlock. It must have been. Molly had been busy with the coffee. A deduction. He'd just made a deduction. That was—that was good. He should tell Sherlock.
"Are you—taking a later flight?" Sherlock attempts.
(however improbable)
He breathed out, his heart hammering in his chest. It was a terrible idea, of course. It was also the best idea he'd ever heard.
"Mm, I've always rather thought so," she smiles to herself, goes into the kitchen to start the kettle.
The thought made him feel a little ill.
"Does this dress make my arse look big?" Victoria asked, smoothing her hands over said arse and bending forward. "Be honest."
Janine stared at him for a moment, then shook her head, looked away. "Nothing. Never mind."
"Sad," Sherlock said. "That was the word you used. None of them expressed relief or even ambivalence over the circumstances. They were all
"Nice having you here," Mrs Hudson continued. She started to replace the cap on the bourbon, hesitated, added another splash. "Makes him happy, don't you think?"
The train pulled in, lumbering and hissing and squealing as it came to a stop. John boarded, settled into his seat. Rosie was calm and curious in her seat next to him, staring wide-eyed at her surroundings. She had her fingers in her mouth.
John inhales in surprise, pulls a bit of Sherlock's breath into his lungs.
"Well," John says, his voice cautious. "Yes. But you're not really known for your adherence to convention."
John went inside, tugging at his coat. He was overwarm, despite the chill in the air.
him, and here he was, the self-purported smartest man in the world, utterly useless.
“ Lady Smallwood scoffed. "I’ve seen private residences with better security than your supposed impenetrable fortress.”
"She's the one who pointed you towards the boyfriend," Sherlock said. It was not a question.
"Something's changed."
"What do we do now?"
High alert. Senses sharpened. Eyes open.
"Of course not."
"Does it?"
Faint predawn light crept through the windows. The chair across from him was empty, Mrs Hudson long gone.
"How long were you together, really?" Her voice is clipped. The smile has faded.
It's true, he thinks, a little wildly. They had, more or less, ignored the fact that they were married. Nothing had changed. They still worked together. Traveled together. Slept together. He'd given up his lease and had moved into the little apartment Sherlock kept in Norman, half a mile away from the University of Oklahoma campus.
Sherlock draws a shaky breath. John thinks he may never tire of it, this simple miracle of hearing a dead man breathe.
"Right," John said. Belatedly, he wondered if he ought to have laughed. It seemed the kind of thing he'd have found amusing, once. Now he just felt tired.
in his chair. Towards Sherlock, who was—who was
"Shut up," John says. He is trembling all over. He does not know if it is from rage or shock or some terrible combination. "Just—shut up. We won't. We won't
he'd said. That wasn't very far away, really.
"Thank you."
"What did you mean?" Sherlock asks. His thoughts are sluggish, twisted up and tangled. "When you said that you have everything you want within your grasp?"
Sherlock frowned. "You're not generally the most observant of people, John, but I assumed that much was obvious."
John watched her carefully, feeling uncomfortable, like a guilty schoolboy. His hand twitched and he clenched it reflexively.
"Fine," he said.
John looked at the door, back at Sherlock. His breath steamed in the cold afternoon air. He looked a bit amused and a bit irritated, all at once.
There hadn't been any sun. Not then, not in the sterile grey room with Redbeard on the table and the veterinarian in his white coat. Redbeard's end had been clinical.
Sherlock did not stray far from the sofa as the hours melted away. He marveled at himself, a bit, for that. On balance, it was not terribly interesting to watch a human in the early stages of childhood development discover the confounding joys of pressing adhesive tape against its skin and then peeling it away, and yet—
" Sherlock says.
The waiter slipped into the seat in front of him, slapped both hands on the table.
"Yes," Sherlock said. He had only the faintest of impressions, smoke and panicked cries. Most of what he knew, he'd been told. It had become part of the fabric of his history, just another bit of data, recited in matter-of-fact detail.
He has, for obvious reasons, elected to exclude John from this particular jaunt.
Sherlock snorted. The silence that fell between them was companionable, but charged with something that John could not quite identify.
John glanced around the kitchen. "Yes, well. Sort of accepted that I'd have to. Not particularly keen on eating my breakfast somewhere that could be designated a biohazard."
"You ran us off the road!" he shouts, stalking across the parking lot towards where Moriarty stands, his back to the gleaming black RV that looks to be brimming with expensive gadgets.
He had declined the case after meeting with the client. It had been a waste of time, and he'd been irritated over it. He'd returned to London, had been further irritated by the fact that John had gone off to waste more time at that tedious surgery with his tedious girlfriend, and had unleashed his frustration on the wall.
No, he'd survived. Pointless to dwell on possibilities.
He shakes his head, fondly. Mary is good for him. He likes her. She's got a sharp enough wit that he's pretty sure Sherlock would have liked her too.
Sherlock looks away, the moment feeling oddly private. This is—he does not understand. Within minutes, the two of them will be on the plane together, free to say or do what they wish. Why are they—why now? Is this somehow for his benefit, something he's missed?
"It's not just as easy as saying 'yes'. There are things I need to consider," he said into Sherlock's hair, his hand sliding in soothing circles on the back of Sherlock's soft t-shirt. "Rosie. She's—"
And yet Evan Bell had been in his flat the night before. Actually there, and not just in John's mind. Somehow.
Rosie squealed as she slapped her hand right down into her plate of mixed veg.
"Scintillating," Sherlock said.
He chanced a glance at Sherlock, who was looking at him as if he'd never seen him before in his life.
"Oh yes."
John goes back to his room. He looks at the mostly empty bottle on the nightstand, at the window overlooking the fields that still hangs open. He has a good view of the barn, though it had been far too dark to see anything in the night.
He'd have to take his chances and go home.
The words did not register at first. John hesitated, looked at her.
Mrs Hudson had said.
"I spoke with Mrs Hudson," John said. "She said she's had her flat fumigated three times these past few months. Spiders, apparently."
"What kind of thing?" she asks, still looking it over with a dubious eye.
He looks at the screen, at the blinking cursor, at the words Sherlock had left him in greeting.
"I don't know how," he admitted.
John is standing in front of a shelf of boxed cereals in Tesco when it happens.
He snapped back to full awareness, fresh data flooding in.
John, who had stomped on the spider with a definitive motion. He moved forward, caught Sherlock by the shoulders, held him firmly.
"Sherlock," John says again.
"You're concerned," Sherlock said, unable to help himself. "You've tried all the usual distractions, but nothing's worked. Something is worrying you. Ordinarily you'd have a drink to settle your nerves, but you've elected not to. You think you may be called to act quickly, and you want to be sober."
He sits back in his chair, looks at her. She does not need to finish her sentence. He knows quite well what comes after that
Anderson set four pint glasses roughly on the table. Beer sloshed over the rims, pooling and puddling on the scratched surface.
"Do you really keep eyeballs in the microwave?" John asks, and then scrunches up his face in a fascinating display of horrified regret. "Sorry—sorry. Didn't actually mean to lead in with that. But—ah—do you really?"
Sherlock tunes back in.
Sherlock's shoulder bumped up against his. It was companionable, familiar, and it left John aching,
"In any case," Sherlock said, looking briefly flustered. "The hantavirus research. There are interesting possibilities surrounding identification of soil samples in cases where animal excrement is present, with certain applications allowing me to better pinpoint locations where violent crimes took place. Richard invited me back to his hotel to view some of his samples—" he hesitated, his cheeks slowly flushing up. "Oh."
Slow reflexes. A younger man could have dodged the attack entirely.
"You can send the next patient in," John said.
John blinks at the words on the screen for far longer than he should.
"Of course!" Sherlock had the nerve to sound offended.
Outside, someone was shouting. It seemed very distant, far away. Indistinct.
John resisted the urge to reach up and touch his shoulder, to run his fingers along the ruined skin there, to soothe a phantom ache. He saw Sherlock notice, regardless.
John raised his brows. "Which one?"
"Good," she said, and there was relief in her voice. "I'll—um. Call you next week. I'd like to make another trip out to see Rosie soon."
"Precisely."
Sherlock had also listened to the recording. Once, and only once.
He wonders what Sherlock would do if he stepped forward and crumpled up that ridiculously expensive suit jacket in a trembling fist, if he hauled him forward and kissed him.
"Hi," he says, crouching down so they are eye-to-eye. "How was school?"
Sherlock blinked, stared.
Why Evan Bell? Why now? Seeing him had made its own sort of sense all those years ago, when John had lain awake, sleepless and haunted and surrounded by death, torturing himself with what-ifs and should-have-dones. But Evan Bell had died in Afghanistan, and that's where John had left his ghost.
"—but what if we could predict a tornado's path? Develop an early warning system? How many lives could we save? Years of research have brought us right to the cusp of this historic moment—"
"All right," John said. He was glad he had not taken off his coat. He put his hands in his pockets, waited.
"You expressed a similar sentiment earlier," Sherlock said. "Though your body language implied your words were less than genuine."
He went back into the sitting room.
"What time is it?" Sherlock asked.
"I met your brother," John cut him off, not wanting to hear what Sherlock was about to say. Not wanting to think that it could possibly be too late, after all of this. Not now. "Your handler."
" John said. "You showed up and said
"Does this look like pinkeye to you?"
John shook his head, smiled tiredly. Inclined his head towards the door. "Come on."
It is as he expects. There is no known mystery writer currently published under that name. He supposes there's a chance the man was simply working on his first novel and had misrepresented himself in the hopes of gaining better access, but it seems far more likely that the name and the profession were both fabrications. Simpson had arrived at King's Pyland with the express purpose of getting close to the barns, to the horses, and to Silver Blaze in particular.
"Because we're dancing, you arse. But—look—Janine might let you get away with it, but if you step on my toes I
Well. He'd certainly deduce something from
John's head feels better when he's emerged from the shower, though his stomach is tender and reminds him, none too gently, that he'd consumed a great deal of alcohol the night before.
"Mysterious family emergency and then nearly dashed to bits by a rogue taxi driver," Mary said. Her eyes were sparkling. She leaned across the booth, her voice dropping, conspiratorial. "Are you
John watched them for a while, found his mind wandering.
"If you won't talk about New Delhi, then Germany. The Trepoff trial.
He'd stood and he'd thought and he'd looked at the once-grand old house where his childhood had died. The wind groaned through its charred bones.
"Brilliant," John said. "I was going to say brilliant. Everything you—all of it. It was spot-on. Yeah? I was. I was regretting it. Regretting that I hadn't, that I couldn't—" he stopped, let out a rueful laugh. "I put Rosie to bed and poured myself a drink. I was going to write to you. I wanted—well—clearly that didn't happen. But. If you'd knocked on the door, it would have been. Good. Yeah."
John stands rigid and shocked for a full ten seconds, just long enough for Sherlock to fear he'd got it wrong, and then he comes alive, his arms coming up to draw them closer together, his mouth parting on a warm exhalation that sounds suspiciously like a laugh. His fingers, cold-tipped and gloveless, raking through Sherlock's hair.
Sherlock blinks at him, thrown. "One has nothing to do with the other."
John breathed in sharply, took his hand back.
John barked a laugh.
His flat had been ransacked.
She pulled away quickly, barely brushing against him. Looked down, her gaze fixing on Rosie, who was studying her with a bewildered, scrunched face.
"That's—" Lestrade said.
He shifted Rosie in his arms, dug his phone out of his pocket. Dialled.
"Internet seems to be working. Can't you just—send an email?"
"Morning," John said.
Sherlock said nothing more, just went on watching him. It was difficult to parse the expression on his face.
"It was her," John said. "Your sister. Eurus."
He thinks of Hattie's lover, quietly standing by while she spoke to them. The way he'd finally gone to her, put an arm around her shoulders. The way she'd melted against his side like she'd been made to fit there. The scars on the man's face, his hands.
"You left your appointment," Mary said. "I don't think that was a very good idea."
He lurched forward, not at all graceful, his hands coming up to cradle John's face. His heart thudded unsteadily against his ribs. He was aware of nothing and everything, the world distilled down to the rasp of John's stubble against his chin, John's skin warming under his palms.
"I'm plenty upset," John said. His voice was mild.
The ghost of a smile had flickered across Sherlock's face. And then the smile had been gone, and his gaze had sharpened. "Oh," he'd breathed. "That's it."
"Not yet," Sherlock said. His words dripped, sluggish and useless, out of his mouth. He was hot and cold all at once. He could not make John understand. One spider bite could be treated, of course. But they would be everywhere. In his shoes, his bed, under the collar of his favourite jumper. Hiding quietly in the back of dressers, spinning webs in dusty corners.
And then he'd had to extricate himself, carefully, delicately, because his heart rate had spiked and his hand had clenched and he'd thought of all the ways that
"Something like that."
He picked up his coat, tried to ignore the worry bubbling up from somewhere deep in his chest.
Instead he let his hands fall to his sides, pressed his palms hard into his own thighs. His heart, thundering against his ribs, began to slow. Behind him, the refrigerator hummed.
"John," Mary says. Her face is pinched, worried, and, if he's being honest, a bit murderous. She puts her hand on her arm, drops her voice. "Please don't do anything on camera that you'll regret. No—let me rephrase. Don't do anything on camera that will force me to fire you."
"Arthur."
"What did Mrs Hudson say to you?" Sherlock asked, looking away from the mantel and fixing his gaze on John.
But that laugh, that mocking little laugh—
aware that breaking and entering is not actually legal?" But John stepped away from the window without shutting it.
about the whole thing, but John had loved him. John had loved him wholly, and desperately. And even more than loving Sherlock, he'd
He swallowed, hard.
Sherlock let out a hum that might have sounded amused if not for the deep weariness behind it.
Harry laughs into the throw pillow. It is a bitter, unhappy sound. "Who'd want him for a flatmate?"
"About ten minutes. Came in while Anderson was attempting to lecture me on new advances in proper crime scene protocol," Sherlock said.
"Yeah," he said. "Yes. Er—my sister. She's um—bit of an alcoholic. So. Sometimes she calls, and— well."
Right. Yep. That killed the smile.
Autumn slips by, and the golden leaves tumble from the trees, lie in sodden piles below naked branches. Rosie slowly, painstakingly marks off more dog breeds in her field guide.
"Why would I—"
"Oh," she said. "Am I very late?"
She came out from behind the door, moving slowly, her hands held up. There was a bag slung over her right shoulder. In her right hand was a phone. She shook the phone once, for emphasis, raised her brows.
Sherlock stared at him, his eyes wide and unblinking and terribly blank, as if the sight of John there in the sitting room had wiped his hard drive. His eyes were rimmed red, John noticed. Perhaps the wind had caused them to tear.
The cutting voice in John's mind was his own. If those thoughts, if
"Well. I know what he likes," she said. She smiled, the expression catlike and predatory and not at all pleasant.
"You—" he said. His voice was dry, scratchy. He stopped, swallowed.
While initially promising, his lead goes nowhere. He returns home in poor spirits, finds his flat swarming with police. Mrs Hudson is flitting about and wringing her hands nervously, Harry is leaning against the wall with her arms crossed and a sour look on her face.
"And the
"John," Sherlock said. His voice was soft, hesitant.
John looked up. "Packing?"
"I listened to the tape," Mycroft said.
"John, you were bored out of your skull living in a townhouse in a quiet part of London. You can't honestly believe that—"
John unlocked the door, stepped inside. The hallway was warm, and it smelled like home.
He wasn't—he didn't—
John stared at him. A bead of sweat slipped down the back of his neck and carved an icy trail between his shoulder blades. The man was telling the truth. He was almost certain.
"Almost there," he says.
The man was silent for a long time. He did not blink.
Harry needs very little urging to behave rudely towards him. She seems to derive great joy from it. Likely out of solidarity over the matter of Abominable Brothers.
All of a sudden, John no longer felt like laughing.
"Ah," Sherlock says.
"Not for sleeping."
And he'd thought, just for a moment, about the way Sherlock had looked at him when they'd first met, the way their eyes had caught and held from opposite sides of the lab.
Right. Not wearing clothes. Should have remembered that.
Christ. John could see that smile when he closed his eyes. He didn't deserve that smile.
"And you're going to just—go on helping him? Right through tomorrow's festivities, without ever saying a word?"
A knock at his door, sharp, impatient, making him jump in his seat.
The sight is unexpectedly moving. He swallows hard, takes his foot off of the gas.
"What's he ever done for us?" John asked, bracing his hands on the counter, the phone tucked against his ear. "He does what he wants, damn the consequences. And he just expects the people around him to pick up the pieces. He—he—" he did not know what he wanted to say. His throat burned.
"Just—you just hang out here for a moment, all right? I'll be right back," John says.
He felt, rather than heard, Sherlock swallow behind him. The proximity was terribly intimate. If this had happened—before—he supposed he'd have been cracking all sorts of jokes to break the tension.
"You should go," John said with some effort. He licked his lips. "Go take a shower. Don't want to be late to your own wedding."
"Sorry," John had said. "Timing."
"It's all right," he said carefully.
"Pink roses," Sherlock said, looking crisp and haughty and far too posh for his own good. "Long-stemmed. Thorns removed please, I'll not have the day ruined by an unexpected prick." He clicked the 'k' and folded his hands primly in front of him.
Sherlock typed back. He dropped his phone into the passenger seat and returned his attention to the laptop.
Sherlock looked blandly back at him, said nothing.
Rosie sat in the window seat, gazing raptly out at the mounting storm.
"Clearly."
"Wrong," Sherlock said.
Evening, then. John would have eaten dinner, would have settled the child in bed, and would once again be alone with his anxious thoughts. The problem would loom large. If he were ever to be receptive to an offer of help, that would be the best time.
They were a grounding weight, those hands, even when he touched lightly. Nothing like the fleeting gossamer kiss of the spider.
Sherlock looked at him. He did not look like John, not really. He wore his hair short, the way John had years ago. His face was mild and pleasant, not etched with sorrow or anger or guilt.
John has elected to stay.
"It's been—weird. Here. Since."
Sherlock hesitated, leaned forward, elbows on his knees. "I was with Mycroft."
"You need to—um," Molly glanced up at him, her gaze skittering away almost immediately. "There's a shower down the hall. Second door on the left."
He jabs his finger down on the power button before it can get worse. The fan cuts off. The screen goes dark. All that is left is a faint burnt odour.
that I reacted the way you wanted me to, that I was goaded. The problem is that I'm the sort of person who's capable of being goaded into beating his best friend half to death."
He scrolled further. Paused at a lengthy note about the death of her husband. There were several comments on the post acknowledging the one year anniversary of the event.
"I'm all right," he'd said to John. "It's my leg that's broken, not my head."
Silly to soil a plate, really. He'd only end up washing it.
"All right?" he asked.
"I know that," he said. "Doctor, remember?"
He'd stood frozen for far too long, staring. He had not anticipated—he had not seen it coming. Not even with her ferocious and sudden anger, nor her rapid retreat. He had not read her intentions. He had fully expected to open the door and find her sitting on the floor, teary-eyed and ready for a reconciliation.
"I didn't say anything about it on New Year's," she said. "Thought it might have just been, I don't know. One of his cases."
"They'd overstayed their welcome," Sherlock said. The corner of his mouth tried to twitch up into a tentative smile and did not quite make it. "It's past midnight. Really, John, think of the neighbors."
"Who?"
"Oh, well, that's great," he said. His face felt hot.
"And his wife did," Sherlock agreed, a smile pulling at the edge of his mouth again. His eyes gleamed with interest, that great mind cycling through endless variables, alive with possibilities. The sight made something in John's heart stutter.
"Well, I—" Lestrade said. He hesitated, looked at Molly, then at Sherlock, seemed to rally. "I already cancelled my date. So there's no need for me to rush off."
John could not quite help himself. He laughed. It started as a low giggle, but took over until he was shaking with laughter, his belly aching.
"Oh," John said, because he did not know what else to say. He looked away. Surely Janine should be returning any moment.
His date. The virologist from Glasgow.
"Sherlock," John said. There was a shift and a creak of leather as he sat forward on the sofa.
John had gotten his arm around Sherlock's chest, had heaved him up out of the water and onto dry land even with that damned coat threatening to drag them both under. He'd taken hold of Sherlock's shoulder through the wet wool, had brushed strands of Sherlock's hair off of his forehead, had pulled him close and tried to calm his own racing heart.
And he should
"Kitty Riley," the camerawoman says, without turning the lens away. "From
"Jesus," John said again.
he'd thought, years ago, his blood spilling out under the unforgiving Afghan sun. He'd not make the mistake of begging again.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, made sure John saw him doing it. Took off his coat with an exaggeratedly slow motion, hung it on the peg by the door. Rosie's peg was still empty.
Sherlock finds himself too stunned to respond. Too stunned to protest.
Buccaneer is sitting up on the sofa, watching them on high alert, one ear cocked. His tail thumps cautiously against the leather.
"Belarus," Sherlock said, rolling over onto his stomach, burying his face into his pillow. "You keep saying that. Why do you keep saying that?"
like you hadn't been—like you hadn't just—and then someone bloody
"We've been asking you to join us for Friday night drinks for— oh— the past ten months or so. And this is the first time you've taken us up on it. Hopefully the first of many. So."
He'd had no idea that the investigation was ongoing. That anyone out there cared about the truth behind Moriarty and Richard Brook. Sherlock had been tried and executed in the court of public opinion, after all. But it seems that they—whether Lestrade or someone else, someone impartial—had kept looking, kept digging.
"I'm not unsympathetic," she said. "I remember when we first spoke, when I first brought you on. I told you this might be a bit mundane for you."
"Sherlock."
John watched her go, feeling a stab of sympathy in spite of himself. He'd thought she might lash out. Instead she'd retreated quietly. She was just acting, of course. It was all just acting. No different from Sherlock insulting her taste in cake frosting or flowers.
And John supposed it wasn't, that they'd all have heard something about it at one point or another. They all must know that Sherlock had lost family to a storm.
James-
"Ah."
"What's that, Shezza?"
and John would resist at first because he was John, but he would let Sherlock in because he'd been the one to reach out, because he needed help and he knew it, because perhaps he'd missed—
Lestrade had brought him a change of clothes. Had held out his own spare winter coat with a hesitant smile and a sigh.
The screen lit up and it began to ring. Music. The Bee Gees. Incongruously cheerful and out of place. Moriarty let the song play for a moment, his eyes shut. Then he answered the call.
He missed it, though. God help him, he missed it.
But on a night like this—
Sherlock smiled, because John was never as slow as he seemed.
Sherlock turned and went out the door into the cold night air.
He dove, getting one arm around Sherlock's waist, crashing against him and dragging him down behind an overflowing skip.
"Why would I do that?" Sherlock asked.
He shrugs. The word choice varies, but the underlying meaning is always the same. "Piss off."
When he opened his eyes he picked his way down the hall towards Rosie's room.
Sherlock had died believing himself ruined. He had died believing his work was the grand sum of his worth, and that it was lost to him.
Oh, God, he wanted that.
wedding cake, did they? People served it because it was traditional to do so. Guests, in turn, politely ate it and pretended it wasn't dry.
to their relationship was no longer there.
Scenario 3: John had forgotten his phone charger. Unlikely. Even if he had left his charger at home, upon finding himself stranded in a hotel in an unfamiliar city, he'd have simply purchased a new one.
John sits back on his heels, looks around. There are hoof prints in the soft earth surrounding him. Perhaps not unusual, for a horse farm. He is not familiar enough with King's Pyland to say for sure.
"What's his name, then?" John asks, finally.
John picked up the one with the rounded edges, studied it.
He pinched the bridge of his nose. Sighed. At least there weren't any lilies.
John was close. His expression had changed. He looked, once more, like he had something he wanted to say, something he was fighting to either hold in or blurt out.
It did not make it better. She didn't know what would. She'd started to fear that nothing ever could.
"There," he says, feeling strangely self-conscious when Harry notices it. He sniffs, schools his expression into one of bored indifference. "Now you've no reason to keep disturbing my experiments."
"I know," John says, and then he is not so much sagging as crumpling, his keys dangling useless from his left hand. He puts his head against the cracked black paint of their front door and takes a deep breath, the proud, rigid line of his shoulders rising and falling. "All right? I know. I know that it can't continue. I knew it even before you said it last night."
It was a friend request. Pete's face grinned back at him from his profile photo.
They still stood together in the rain during every storm, gazing up at the sky, John's heart rate kicking up as the barometric pressure dropped.
"I don't want to see
His eyes drifted closed, opened again. He had no way to contact John. His phone was dead. Surely he—
Sherlock scoffed, turning his head away slightly, all forced nonchalance that did not fool John in the slightest. "I doubt anyone would have appreciated it."
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
John was in a taxi. The heat was blasting.
he'd said, and there had been such sadness in him. And she'd hated it, had hated to see him wreck himself on drugs and lose himself in his head, but she'd gone along with it. Because she loved him, and because he'd asked her.
Sherlock's gift lay on the ground just to her right. A jigsaw puzzle. Age-appropriate, with thick, brightly painted wooden pieces that came together to form a rudimentary map of the solar system. An excellent developmental tool for improving hand-eye coordination and memory. And there had, of course, been the matter of the solar system itself, which perhaps John did not recall—
"I am upset," John said. He hesitated, looked down. "But I'm not surprised."
Sharks circle below; great grey shapes, distorted by the rippling water, deceptively placid. They pay him very little attention as he drifts downward.
"Yeah," John scratched at the back of his neck, suddenly uncomfortable. "Is that—that
"Jesus," John said again. His knees buckled and he stumbled, putting out a hand to catch himself against the wall. "Jesus."
"No reason," Lestrade said, still smiling. He gestured back towards the crumpled body. "Surprised this one interests you—our best guess right now is a mugging gone bad."
"The man who shot him," Sherlock says, speaking slowly and clearly. "Where is he?"
It was a lovely, crisp day, and Sherlock—in an uncommonly good mood—left the window open behind him after forcing it open to gain entry to the suspect's flat.
The words struck him hard. He closed his eyes, shook his head. "Not anyone, John. You. Only you."
He went.
It drew him to uncomfortable conclusions.
"I only mean—"
"Hi," John said, pulling up short.
"I'm not the one impeding anything," he said.
He thinks about Sherlock as he was in those frantic days leading up to his death. The way he'd flailed and thrashed like some kind of wild creature caught in a trap. The way his aloof façade had cracked, how he'd lost his cool a bit.
"Not as yourself."
John had been sitting there, against the left armrest. The cushions were worn and dipped in what was clearly his favourite spot. He'd put his child to bed and had sat down on the sofa. He'd poured himself a drink. Had he been inebriated?
"Um. Maybe we could—"
Dead.
"No," Alan says. He looks at the cooler again, purses his lips. "They didn't."
She opened her mouth to say—to say what, exactly?—but he had already straightened up and pushed away from the table. He stepped towards the gurney with his shoulders squared and his jaw set.
The gentle chime of a message notification startled him, and he jerked his attention back to his computer monitor.
Maybe just one more.
"I haven't been—
"The papers," John says again. "I brought copies, if you need—"
He stood up, slipped on his white coat. Looked back at his computer and breathed out hard through his teeth, steeling himself. Then he went out into the hall.
"She was too young for you."
"Well," John said. "It's just—the round edges. Bit more traditional than—than the other one. And that's—well. It's traditional for a reason, yeah? Makes for a comfortable fit. Nothing protruding that could catch on clothing, or—or poke through latex gloves. Both of which could be a concern in our—in your line of work. So. That's the one I like."
She huffed a breath that sounded almost like a laugh. Her eyes darted back to meet his.
"Yes, obviously, do keep up."
He'd gotten a Christmas gift for Rosie. He'd gone to the shops. Early in the morning, so as to avoid the crush of holiday shoppers with their vacant expressions and slow shambling steps. A man had thrown a punch at him when he'd (helpfully) suggested that the gift he was buying for his wife was not to her taste. Even so, he'd prevailed, had returned home with his prize. Mrs Hudson had offered to wrap it, but he'd done it himself. Tucked it in the back of his bedroom wardrobe. John would not know to look for it there, but hopefully Mrs Hudson would remember. Christmas morning was important to children. Wasn't it?
The anger he'd choked down outside of the Baker Street flat was back, thrashing in his chest, bubbling at the back of his throat.
He had waited outside, head tilted towards the night sky, the palm of his hand curled lightly over John's shoulder. John had not spoken further, but had, after a time, reached up and touched Sherlock's hand, a brief squeeze, light pressure there and gone. An acknowledgement. A thanks.
"I'll do it," Janine offered.
The ground was slick with ice as Sherlock tore across the Jubilee Bridge. A howling wind lashed at him, whipped frigid needles of sleet and snow into his face.
But Mrs Hudson's
No reason to reach out, now. His text would most likely sit unread and unanswered, and it would be exactly what he deserved.
They moved together in a slow circle, Sherlock's hand a steady pressure against John's back. He did not move his fingers, no idle tracing, no casual intimacy. It was all rather chokingly formal.
John paused. "What?"
"That's what children do."
"The mechanic said he could have your tire swapped out in about twenty minutes," he says. His voice is flat, impossible to read. He looks at John for a moment longer, and then his gaze slips past him, towards the sky.
He stood for a moment, allowing it. His nose
"You have somewhere to be, yeah?" John smiles without any warmth. "You should go."
Sherlock grimaced, looked away.
Unless he'd left too late, unless he'd been too weak, too physically compromised, too ill. Unless—
Instead, he went home.
"Is it? I hadn't noticed."
He ended the call.
At eleven-thirty, the champagne bottle empty, she patted Sherlock on the shoulder rather blearily and said "Doesn't look like I'll be staying up till midnight this year, dear. Happy New Year. Not too much noise, if you don't mind." She kissed him on the cheek and went down the stairs with her careful slow steps, and he was once more alone.
"Then why?"
He'd thrown his last chance under the wheels of a speeding lorry.
She smiled. "Well. Not really friends, yeah? But we've known each other a long time. Things got a bit competitive, back in uni."
"Where are you going?" Molly asked.
But he was. As far as it mattered to Sherlock, he was.
It was quiet. He found himself inexplicably angry for the small effects that Rosie had left behind, the unsuitable bits of herself she'd cast off.
Shivered.
and how, how could he ever have imagined such attachment, such desperate fondness from Sherlock, of all people?
She looked back at him, raised her brows. Her cheeks shifted, and he thought she might be smiling behind the white mask she wore.
Sherlock had said.
"It appears," Mycroft said, after a moment, raising his voice so that he could be heard over the phone in John's hand. "That we were mistaken about the source of our leak. An unforgivable oversight that I am rectifying as we speak."
Tall. Slim. Dark hair. A look of fierce concentration on his angular face, his fingers dancing across the frets faster than humanly possible—
"Yes, actually, it is," Sherlock said.
"Yes," Sherlock said, and a hint of a smile curled at the edge of his mouth. "I know."
She smiled at him. It was a sad smile.
Sherlock made a derisive noise, glanced towards the door to Baker Street. The knocker had been shifted, ever-so-slightly. It could have been Mrs Hudson, or a client, of course, but—
The sun had just begun to peek in through the dirty window.
He smiles as the letters appear. It is absurd, really, this desire to see Sherlock's odd half-finished invention working (at least partially) in the way he'd intended.
"Well. Tomorrow's speaker was cancelled," he said. He laughed without humour, not sure why he was still talking. Lonely, he supposed.
"Oh, you," Mrs Hudson swatted at him. "It's Christmas Eve. What better time to be a bit naughty?"
Down the hall, a door clangs. There are footsteps, voices.
Alan stares at him, mouth hanging open.
"Just—don't leave," John said, staring straight ahead. He could not bring himself to turn, could not bring himself to look Sherlock in the eye.
"Ye-es," Sherlock said.
Down the hall, a door creaked open. Footsteps in the hall, the squeak of gurney wheels.
"Sherlock," he said, although Sherlock couldn't help him, Sherlock had no idea what he was thinking or seeing or doing, he had no idea what had happened—what had
She shut the door quietly behind her as she left.
After Irene had put on her coat and gone out into the rain, John sat down heavily on the battered leather sofa, put his head in his hands.
"The only person who ever connected these groups was Moriarty," Mycroft said. "And he's dead."
The photographs, John thought. The ones of Sherlock out in front of the flat, on the pavement in nothing but a white bedsheet. He'd wondered who had taken them. And the texts he'd scrolled through, all those texts—
To whom.
"Indeed not."
"Dad?" Rosie said, and tipped her head towards the door.
John lifted his head, listened to the creaking groans of abused wood, the patter of distant water. Thought about the snow on Sherlock's shoulders, and Arthur Bell at the window looking out at the storm. "We need to get out of here," he said. "Before the whole thing comes down on our heads."
"Police are on their way."
He shook his head again, laughed to himself. Sat down at his desk and pulled up the messaging program.
Sherlock still looked affronted.
She'd been in high spirits that day he'd come upon her in the flat, too, before the whole fiasco with Magnussen. Bustling around like she owned the place. Wearing Sherlock's clothes. She'd even rearranged the kitchen to her taste.
John pinched his brow. "And what, exactly, is your message?"
"Yes, you were."
He twisted his hand in the sofa cushion, grinding his fist down until he could feel the springs.
"Sherlock," Molly said, her voice tight. "I'll get to the stomach."
He slipped the disc back where he'd found it, no longer comfortable, John's empty room only serving to remind him that soon enough it would be truly empty.
Lestrade had downed three pints in rapid succession and vanished off to the gents. And Anderson had not stopped talking.
He squared his shoulders, settled in, continued flipping through the cards. The vendor watched him with mild interest, shifting to lean forward. His aging chair creaked.
John smelled of the pub. Greasy food and beer and other people, crowded close together, shoulder-to-shoulder. He was not drunk. There was only the faintest trace of beer on his breath. He'd sat and nursed his pint, then, had sat and watched other people and lingered as long as he could before he could no longer invent reasons to stay away.
John looked down at his feet, not quite able to meet Pete's eye.
He picks up his phone, scrolls through his contacts. She has deleted her number.
(John's eyes, locked on his in the dark stillness of his bedroom. John's hand on his face, thumb against his bristled cheek. John's lips on his, that gentle, chaste, regretful pressure. Just once. It had been worth it, just to feel it, just the once.)
He had invited John and Rosie into his home and had held himself in check, had cleaned his kitchen, had neatened his piles of clutter, had curtailed his more volatile experiments. He had done that for John, for Rosie, because he loved them (and there was no doubt there, none, it was simply a fact) but surely,
Sherlock goes into his room, changes his shirt. Then he hesitates, listening through the thin door. Splashing. Giggling. It makes him ache, that sound. He does not quite know why.
John reached out, caught hold of Sherlock's wrist before he could step back.
Sherlock glances at him, then back at the road. "Ye-es. I was there. I remember quite clearly."
"Erm—" John said. "Have you really thought this through?"
He walked back to Baker Street in a hurry, legs burning. It felt urgent, somehow, the sudden pressing need to be there. He had broken out in a cold sweat.
"He denied it, of course."
John stood next to him, staring up at the ruin.
Sherlock listened for his tread on the stairs, but it did not come.
John looked down at the phone in his hand. Sherlock had not disconnected the call.
"You don't know him at all," John said, bewildered by her sudden line of questioning. "You've never met him."
his eyes wide and uncomprehending. He looked terrible, John realized belatedly. Face gaunt and stubbled, hair greasy and matted. He'd hunched miserably in his chair, curled in on himself, shielded by the late-night darkness.
Sherlock blinked, because the tone of voice that John had used was not one he'd ever heard. It was low and dark and—
"Hm, no, I'd expect not."
Molly sighed. "I don't think he—well, in his mind, there's probably not much to forgive. But I—"
" the smug mask slipped from Moriarty's face as he gripped the phone. His mouth contorted in anger. "WHERE IS HE?"
"Still. It wasn't as simple as ducking under a chain link fence for God's sake."
It was all right, he thought, looking at her against the faded red fabric. She often sat there. She'd never treated it with any particular reverence.
"This is going to be a big story," John said, finally. His voice was quiet, resigned. He did not look away from Sherlock's face. "In all the papers. It's not—you've got a certain level of fame now, Sherlock. They're not going to leave you alone. The press love scandals, and this—murder, long-lost sisters, family secrets—it's—it might get ugly for a while before it all dies down."
