That was the first time, in the dark, with the clock ticking its way through the night, on the heels of war and rockets and something shifting and reordering itself that seemed just out of reach when Tony tried to catch on to the thought.
“Happily, my King,” Cam nodded, bowed again, and left them, though not before Steve caught the pleased look that crossed his face at the King’s concern.
“The wire was sent, just waiting on conf—yes, there.  JARVIS and your hundred or so lawyers are handling the rest of the closing,” Pepper replied.
“You should probably have your lawyers talk to Matt, I think, or--” Steve started, one hand going out in front of him like he was reciting a spiel.
, Tony mentally chanted as the leather scraped rough and hard against the insides of his channel.  He bit his lip, tasted blood and lolled his head to the side, letting Steve’s mouth find his neck, kissing, sucking and biting along his jaw and down the column of his throat while he fucked Tony on his finger.  Burning pressure lit up inside him, and Tony felt another gush of slick. That helped ease it for a moment, but then Steve slid another finger and started fucking Tony’s hole open in earnest and bit down, hard, on the stretch of skin between Tony’s neck and shoulder at the same time.
“Only if you are,” Tony assured him. Steve stared at him for a moment, then nodded, blush growing more furious, but he kept his gaze fixed on Tony.
“That happened like twice, man, don’t start,” Rhodey protested.
“You can’t just do this, Tony.  We were done.  Over,” Steve insisted, and okay, yeah, that hurt, Tony admitted, trying to find enough saliva to wet his suddenly dry throat.
Pepper shook her head and rolled her eyes, going back to laying out leaves of lettuce and slices of tomato on a tray like she was Arcimboldo.  Tony’s idea for a rooftop barbeque had given way to the realities of a New York winter, but was determined to go ahead with something, if for no other reason than it gave him an excuse to see Steve.
Steve told himself he should probably be embarrassed, but it felt good.  Warm, somehow, standing there with Tony watching him.  Had he been cold?  That didn’t seem right, but it felt true.
There will be a (comparatively) short epilogue to follow, which will take us forward ten years again, and pick up where we left off post-Afghanistan.
After a moment, Jarvis drew back and scraped a chair along the floor so that he was sitting next to Tony, facing him, while Tony hung his head over the mug and stared at the contents.
“Tony,” Rhodey warned lowly.  “We literally just had this conversation.”
“For the crowd?” Steve repeated with a frown.
“Happy Fathers’ Day, Tony,” Steve replied.
Steve’s dark, blonde head was easy enough spot, even ducked down against the cold wind. He was one of the few students not moving as part of a roving pack this time of night.  The field in front of Brooklyn College's clock tower was awash in muddy slush, left over from the last snow and a thousand or so feet tromping across it with regularity, when Tony stepped his black Testoni onto it, leaving what he was sure was the classiest footprint in his wake as he jogged across it, breaths coming out in smoky, white puffs.
“All of this—well, you, really…guess it was always you, Shellhead.  I didn’t want what little time I got with you to be something else I looked back on and wished I’d—wished I’d let myself want something
“A tad,” Tony agreed amiably, biting his lip and looking out the window as the car fell silent.  “More than a tad.  Don’t let me screw this up, okay?”
“Couldn’t hurt,” Tony countered. “Look, you think we’re so different now, so different we can’t possibly be compatible with each other, right?  Why? Because you have issues?  Because, hi, pot, I’m kettle.  Do you remember what I wreck I was when we first met?  I threw up half a liquor cabinet all over your shoes, after spending an evening blowing through both a guy a hated, a couple of grand and half a gram of coke.  But, you didn’t see a list of problems.  You saw me.
“You saw me
Steve paused with his rowing long enough to dig into the stash of supplies for a sip of water and a hat he had made out of the same fronds he used for the sail.  Already, he could feel the heat of the sun bristling over his scalp. The little pump Shellhead designed was merrily chugging the little bit of water out of the bottom of the boat, Steve noticed with a grin.
“About three hours total,” she told him, giving him a shrewd look.
“Like I said, everything we need,” Tony replied with a shrug, snapping the suitcase closed and zipping it up. “Shall we?” Steve nodded slowly, gaze flicking to Tony’s before dropping again, and, of course now that Tony knew what was going through Steve’s head, he couldn’t think of anything else. Why would he want to? Honestly, protecting the planet could take a fucking number.
“Lady Devon says you were far worse,” Cam said, looking up at Tony with a quizzical expression as they entered the pavilion.  A long table, laden with food atop a block of ice that was covered in a light cloth and surrounded by low, cushioned chairs that curved into half-moons, awaited them.
“I know, Tony,” Steve acknowledged with a nod, followed by a nervous smile. “I know he will.”
“Right about here, I think,” Steve said, leaning forward for a long, soft kiss that melted into something else entirely.
Apparently, Steve was up to Chapter Three in Care and Feeding of Your Omega, ‘What to Do After You’ve Boiled Literally Everything.’  Which was…nice.  That Steve had even given any thought to it, once he’d realized that Tony was more mirror-verse Julia Child that actually useful in the kitchen like your average Omega.  Tony could admit he hadn’t exactly missed the Fahrenheit 451 brand of cuisine Steve favored, but it was the realization that Steve had not only noticed, but also done something about it--even if it was to tell his favorite errand boy to handle it--that left Tony at a rare, if momentary, loss for words.
Steve grimaced and leaned his head back against the plane’s bulkhead, thumping lightly against the metal as if he could dislodge the idea.  He could feel his heart pounding in his chest.  He couldn’t save everyone, he knew that.  Nat was right about that.  Anthony certainly wasn’t his to save, and what was it to say that Anthony even needed saving?  Or that Steve was even able to offer that kind of solace? It wasn’t fair to Anthony to even think of it.  Anthony deserved an Alpha who could take care of him, not someone who was only at home in this world when he could drench his hands in blood, who only felt alive when he was hand in hand with death.  Steve’s world was no place for an Omega.  There was nothing here, except the next mission, and the one after that, in some endless line that ends with a white cross.
A one-way trip, Steve thought, an uncomfortable shiver snaking up his spine.  What would happen to him, he had asked, if he stayed, stuck in a past where he had to watch himself make the same mistakes?  What was he supposed to do, just sit there? Do nothing, Bruce warned. Nothing. Say nothing, except what had to be said. Even that was probably too much, but could the outcome really be any worse?  That question went unspoken and unanswered, but Steve supposed they all agreed on the answer. It couldn’t be worse. No matter if everything went wrong with this crazy plan. It couldn’t really be worse. A saving grace, if such a thing existed anymore.
“I swear, Stark, if you don’t keep still, I’m gonna tie you down,” Steve muttered half under his breath as he forced himself to look up and reached again to prod at the purpling skin around Tony’s ribcage where a large, red slash opened his skin from under his arm nearly to the center of his chest.  The wound was still oozing blood, not a good sign in these temperatures, but they’d had to move quickly and the makeshift dressing Steve had cobbled together from his utility belt and part of his uniform hadn’t held as well as he would have hoped.
“Jesus, Steve.  We’re gonna be millionaires in a week or whatever.  Like, you can help your friends, but I can’t help mine?  Is that it?” Brock demanded, shooting a glare at Steve.  “Because I don’t think that’s very fair, do you?”
“Technically, those were included with your purchase.  Probably not twenty at a time, but there wasn’t a rule against it,” Steve reminded him.
The rest of the day went by in a series of outtakes.  Nothing felt real.  He went through the motions with a blank, dazed numbness. He couldn’t remember much of anything specific beyond sitting on the sofa and listening to the clock tick while the phone in his hand occasionally buzzed.  He went to his garage and took things apart, put them back together.
So.  Not a pacemaker, then.
Tony dropped his hands to his sides and looked back up at Steve.  “Can I…Is it ok if I…” and it took a moment for Steve to catch up and realize that he was asking permission.  The knot of whatever it was that had settled in the pit of his stomach undid a bit at that.  Steve nodded, and felt warm, slightly calloused hands run from his shoulders down his arms and then ghost over his torso and down his stomach with the lightest touch.  Somewhat against his will, he felt his cock respond to the touch.  He heard Tony groan and mumble a curse or a prayer or both and felt the smaller man’s head lean against his chest before Tony pulled back and put a bit of space between them, swallowing a deep, steadying breath before turning his gaze away from Steve to stare out the expansive window overlooking the ocean.
“Oh,” Steve laughed.  “Okay. That’s…actually really helpful.  Bucky always said I could be really, really oblivious sometimes.”
“Hmmm,” Steve responded, giving Tony a look.  “How far would SI be from something like that if you were part of the development team?”
sometimes. Not Tony Stark, billionaire, genius…whatever.
Okay, so it technically was door number three, but he wasn’t going to sit here and talk about it the whole thing with Tony Stark of all people. Brock was working hard to get something going, and in the beginning like this, it took a lot of time and money they didn’t have.  Art school could wait.  Besides, the business would probably make them way more money than art school ever would, even if Steve finished. It just made sense to put that off until the business was up and running.  None of which he needed to explain to Tony Stark.
“You know they have no way of reaching you, Sir,” JARVIS replied in a soft, careful tone.
.  Nothing mattered, except that.  He sucked in a breath. This one didn’t hurt as much, he noticed, as he let it out in a long, shaky hiss.  Steve was alive. Steve was alive, and Steve was
“Tony,” Steve ground out with a low note of exasperation.  “Are you thinking about your robotics project?”
Bright bursts of color were dotting Tony’s chest, and beads of sweat-mixed drops were coursing down his temples.  His breaths were coming in short, hoarse pants of air, and his hands had dug into the sheets and were holding on like if he let go, he’d fall.
“Yeah,” Tony said, massaging a hand into the sides of his forehead where the sudden spike of anger-fueled pressure was throbbing against his temples.  “Just handle it, okay? I’ll figure out something else later, but for now. I don’t want him getting up another morning thinking I don’t know what he did.”
“Good to know,” Steve responded, returning the smile.
“See?” Rhodey said, stopping in front of Tony with a challenging eyebrow raised.  “Master.  Of.  Woo.”
“So…I hear Stark wants something exclusive,” she said by way of greeting.  “Can’t say I’m surprised.   And, quite frankly, a little relieved, I have to tell you.”
“Does he look pissed?” Tony called out.
Steve realized he had never actually seen Tony naked, and openly studied him.
“The big deal is that you signed away a shitton of money and got fuck-all to show for it,” Tony retorted, voice rising in frustration.
“I was told I should allow him the dignity of his choice,” Steve replied.  “Guess I’m still having issues with that.”
Steve sighed heavily as he walked down the hall outside Tony’s chambers and opened the door to the tunnel, which led back to the compound.  The same night the guards rebuffed him at Zola’s doors, Tony took him on a tour of his gardens, telling Steve of how his mother always loved the flowers and wildlife that called the menagerie home and how the stone path they walked along mimicked the stars above as it twisted and spiraled through the garden.
, Steve thought, though this time, he didn’t let the words slip out.  No Omega would want this.  This place that reeked of dreariness and isolation and age.  Oldness.  Datedness.  Not even a fixer-upper, really, because some things--some things you couldn’t change.  No matter how hard you tried, how much you wanted to, it wouldn’t change anything.  It would be selfish in a way that Steve didn’t like to think he could be to ask anyone to take this on.  He couldn’t subject someone to this.
Steve reached for the water cask, its metal bindings still blessedly intact, and popped it open.  It was a fine one, he noted, opening it to find a fat, silver chain and coin dangling from the stopper to help keep whatever infections might grow in the water over time at bay.  He drank greedily, sputtering and coughing, then wiping his hand across his mouth and forcing himself to slow down.
“I do. I promise, I’m not crazy and, unfortunately, I’m not lying or wrong about this. Steve, I’m asking you to do this for me for a few days, a week tops. In return, I’ll make it more than worth it for you. You know who I am. I think you know that I can keep that promise. But, not if I end up in jail on some bogus attempted bribery charge,” Tony finished quietly, letting that sink in.
Tony stared at him, mouth opening once before he snapped his jaw shut and swallowed, eyes going liquid as he looked at Steve.
Steve wasn’t breathing.
Tony looked over at Pepper, who rolled her eyes and stood up, heading for the workshop’s exit.  She stopped next to the roadster, leaned over and kissed him on the top of the head, ruffling his hair a bit.   “I'm calling Natasha,” she told him as she straightened.
He was older, too, Steve could tell.  Less hair and much of it gray.  A little thinner and wearing metal-rimmed glasses now.  By him sat a woman with her dark auburn hair swept up into a tight chignon, with a Christmas sweater over a slim, tan skirt and her arm around Jarvis’s shoulders.  His wife, Steve knew, from the picture Tony kept in his office.  Ana.  Strangely, the only things Steve really knew about her was that Tony referred to DUM-E’s code in his thesis as Adaptive Neural Architecture, and Sharon’s gun holster garter had once belonged to Ana Jarvis, but Steve supposed that might be all he really needed to know.
,” Tony rambled, the words spilling out of his mouth in an uninterrupted stream of want and need.  Steve lowered his hips again, grinding hard against Tony. He felt Tony’s body jump and quake under him.  Tony’s hands were hovering mid-air, fingers scabbering at nothing for a moment, then he dropped them down to claw at the bedspread with a soft, breathy whine.
“The man with a plan,” Tony managed half-heartedly.
“I can take the bus,” Steve replied curtly, glancing down the street where the bus had dropped them off earlier.
He took a deep breath, rubbed his hands over his shirt to dry his suddenly sweaty palms, then hurried around the bed to the door.  With a last, lingering glance at the top of the closet, he turned and walked down the hallway.  By the time he reached the front door, his could feel his heart clawing its way up his throat, little grappling hooks digging in and pulling it along, making it impossible to swallow.  Please, Tony thought to himself.  Please let it be door number one.  Let me have this.  Let me have the robots and the stars, but let them be ours, and not just mine, he thought, bracing one hand against the doorframe and wrapping the other around the knob.
, which was good. Grounding.  Like grabbing hold of the chain to an anchor, and knowing he wouldn’t float away.
, Tony thought, beating at the metaphor with a stick.  He’d missed something, though.
Want.  Need.  Desire.  Those were words with meanings and this, this was somewhere beyond that.  He wanted Steve, needed him, desired him, but Steve was his and Tony belonged to him, and this was more than all of those things.  He wanted to be taken, ravished, ravaged, whatever the word was for it, wanted Steve so overcome he couldn’t stop, wanted to be the one who filled Steve’s thoughts, even the dark ones, the ones he wouldn’t talk about, the ones he didn’t want to have. Tony wanted to be all of those things.
“Um.  No?” Steve replied.  “I’ve heard of it, though.  It’s on—I have a—a list.  Of stuff to catch up on.”
“Of course, I do not wish to intrude on such a new bond. I will happily give you the space your comfort requires, my friends,” Thor said amiably, wheeling his chair back what Tony considered an acceptable distance.
“So, I’m guessing the answer is something less than decades, then,” Steve said, giving Tony a speculative look.
No, wait.  That wasn’t…he hadn’t meant to think that.  It was the alcohol, Tony thought, glancing down somewhat dubiously at the red solo cup still perched precariously on the edge of the nightstand where he’d left it.  Some kind of punch, Ty had said.  He wasn’t sure.  Ty said it was good.  It had tasted like cough syrup to Tony and left a funny, bitter taste in the back of his now-dry throat, like he had sucked on a particularly vile piece of cotton, but God only knew what passed for a mixer at a place like this.
Thirty seconds ago, and it was, sure, fine, whatever you want Tony.  Have a pat on the head.  Now, one casual mention of actual legal authority having an objection, and suddenly, Steve was
, he wondered, trying to recall the battle and subsequent argument that had somehow led to Tony bent over his desk with his pants around his ankles, before giving up as his gaze kept finding its way back to where Steve was standing, arms clutched around himself almost protectively, and something about that was going to make him do something stupid again if he didn’t get out of here.
“No!” Steve shouted.  “No. I want—I need to know. Please. What’s happening? What’s in my head? There are things in my head, things that aren’t real, Tony, what—what the hell is going on?”
Holding the palm of the gauntlet wide.  Knowing it wasn’t going to be enough time. Bucky disappearing before his eyes.  Looking around and taking count. Coming up far too short. Sitting in Shuri’s lab, everyone staring at nothing, mute and numb, while the screens showed the horror from around the world.  Standing in the shower and looking down at streaks of dust and dirt and blood swirling around the drain and the horrifying thought that it was part of what was left of people and he’d seen it before, God, he’d seen it before, hadn’t he? Waking up in bed with Rhodes and Bruce passed out on the sofa across from him.  They hadn’t said anything. Steve didn’t ask.
The procession went on most of the day, into the heat of the late afternoon, though no one complained.   They ate when hungry, but no one truly stopped, as if a pause would disrupt something none of them could quite explain.
Steve frowned, remembering for a moment those few, terrible months after he got out and before he met up with Brock again.  He’d gone in at eighteen and come out knowing how to do all kinds of things he didn’t talk about, but having no clue how to just live in the world.  The world didn’t seem much more sure of what to do with him, either.
He didn’t want this burden.  He didn’t want any of this.  He should’ve died when the Valkyrie sank with its hellacious cargo.  He had never planned on being found, on shouldering someone else’s life again.  He wanted to run, strike out, something—something that would end it, finally, even if it was a terrible end.  He could handle that.  The dying.  He was getting good at it, he supposed. But, if he did that, he doomed the boy to the same fate, and he couldn’t let someone else die for him.  Not again.
“I did not expect this to happen tonight—”
to lock up the whole Court.  I’m sure there’s a downside to this, but, the law
“Finally,” Tony said.
“Hey,” Tony said, pocketing his phone after a moment as he sidled over to Steve and sank down on the sofa next to him.
“It was kind of a gift,” Steve replied, looking down at his hands in his lap, his voice suddenly tight with something that sounded a bit like embarrassment.  “I mean, for you.  It was meant for you, but…because of…they sort of wanted to…for something I, ah.  Helped with.  A bit.”
He was grinning and flushed with excitement, and it was a sight to behold, Steve thought.  Tony would take this kernel of an idea and turn it into something Steve could only begin to see, he knew, and the thought thrilled him in an indescribable way.  To get to be a part of this…this remarkable journey that Tony’s mind could take.  I push, but Tony leaps, Steve thought with a sudden grin at the image.
“How dare he!” Cam all but shouted as they pushed through the flap of the King’s tent. “Ooooooh, that Ul is--he is--he’s--” Cam sputtered, apparently unable to come up with something fittingly horrible to name the Ul.
Now that he’d said it, Tony realized just how badly he wanted it, but he couldn’t quite explain why.  There wasn’t anywhere he particularly wanted to go that Happy wouldn’t take him.  He was pretty sure Steve wouldn’t say no to most any destination.  That was the kicker, though, wasn’t it?  The decision still wasn’t his own.  Schrodinger’s restriction.  It both did and did not exist until he opened the wrong box and found out.
He wondered what Bucky—the real Bucky, not the one who sometimes echoed thoughts Steve didn’t want to voice—would say about all of this. He would probably ask what in the world Steve was still doing here.
“Hmmm?  No. No, I guess it wasn’t,” Tony murmured as his hands moved steadily lower. He looked up at Steve, his eyes hooded.  “Come to bed with me.”
He should’ve just left the balcony as soon as that guy showed up.  He’d known.  Damn it. That was the thing.  He’d
I'm sabrecmc on tumblr and Imzy, so feel free to come say hi.
Steve blew out a long puff of air and swiped a hand over his face.  He wasn’t being fair.  He knew that.  Brock’s situation was totally different than whatever fantasy version of Tony Steve’s mind conjured up.  It wasn’t as if Brock
Steve nodded, and somewhat awkwardly dropped the pieces into the nearby wastebasket, then turned and walked out of the office and down the hall towards the barracks where SHIELD had given him a small apartment that he both loathed and sometimes could barely stand to leave.  At least it was quiet there.  Softer, somehow.  Less…bright. Everything here was so bright.  No one noticed, except him, of course.  No one had reason to notice.  He’d asked Coulson one day, and the man had just looked at him strangely, then found him later in the mess hall and explained something about the lightbulbs.  More wattage, he said. Everything really was brighter.
Steve could do whatever he wanted, and Tony probably wouldn’t even know.  If he could just touch himself, just once, just a little, maybe it would relieve the excruciating throbbing in his cock.  Even if Tony finally paid enough attention to him to notice, it might be worth it. Steve didn’t mind Tony’s punishments. Maybe Tony would let him kneel beneath the desk and take Tony’s cock in his mouth while Tony worked.  Steve’s own mouth watered at the thought. He brought one hand up and dipped two fingers between his lips. It wasn’t the same as Tony’s cock on his tongue, but he liked the weight of it. The sense of his mouth being almost too full, that lack of air was just a shift in movement away.
“Glad you approve,” Steve said, then yawned.  He stretched, then curled up as best he could, wrapping his arms around himself to ward off the chill from the wind.  “Good night, Shellhead,” Steve said.
“Well. I haven’t done
By the time he made it back to Steve, there was a sandwich and drink waiting for him.  His stomach rumbled, which was something of a revelation in and of itself.  He had been hungry for so long, he stopped being hungry, but he liked to have food around, constantly available.  He kept it stashed around the workshop in little bags or plastic containers.  Steve knew, though he didn’t say anything about it, just kept gamely insisting on bringing trays of food to the workshop for Tony to shift around on the plate until it looked like he’d eaten enough to satisfy Steve.
“Hmm,” Tony murmured waving the words away.  “He’s useful. Small hands and all that.”
“I—it’s not an actual list.  It isn’t,” Steve insisted when Tony shot him a skeptical look.  “Just in my head.”
“Think you’d like to travel? One day, anyway,” Steve asked.  “It would be…easier now.”
Comments and kudos are always hugely appreciated.  *hugs you all*
“Well,” Stark began, hefting back in his seat as a plate with a cheeseburger and fries was set in front of him.  “Kind of grew up with Cap, you could say.  Comics, posters, one of those old metal lunchboxes with the thermos that had the shield on top?  Come on, you must’ve had a few action figures at least!  I think I was Captain America for three-no, four—Halloweens in a row, there.  Plus, with my Dad…” he trailed off and shook his head, looking down at the table for a moment.  “There was a long stretch of time where we couldn’t talk about much of anything without it ending in a fight.  Him and me, we never seemed to gel, you know?”
“Tony…Tony, I’m not.  I’m sorry,” Steve said.  “I told you that you would not want to hear it.  I know how hard it is for you to believe.  I know who Stane is to you.”
“Everyone knows this whole thing with you two seems off,” Obie continued with a patronizingly smug look. He took the earplugs out of his ears and stared down at Tony, mouth pursed as if he was considering the situation.   “Makes it easy, really. People already want to believe it, Tony, don’t you see? They can’t wait to feel like they were right all along about the stripper. Knew he had to be bad news, right? Takes his clothes off for money, probably does other stuff,” Obie raised his eyebrows.  “It’s all tawdry and dirty. People are going to eat it up! Someone like that, boy… they don’t want him to be the good guy, do they? Making them feel all guilty about things at that press conference, you know? It’s going to be so easy, Tony,” he added, shaking his head almost sympathetically.  “They don’t even know it yet, but they can’t wait to pin it on him. They’re
“Oh, really? That what Mr. Chair Force said?  Give me that,” Steve said, reaching out for Tony’s phone.
“They’re probably just talking about how they are both pilots,” Steve said, giving Tony a wide-eyed, innocent look.
Steve was so resourceful.
“Thank me properly after the tourney,” Tony replied with a painted-on leer that didn’t quite chase the pall out of his eyes.  “It’s nothing,” he said again with a slight wave and shake of his head.
“Ton—“ Steve started, then stopped, dropped his gaze and ground his mouth together.  He coughed, turning his face away from Tony and hacking into the table, a desperate, hitching sound that had Tony reaching for the oxygen mask.  Steve took his hand instead, wrapping his own around Tony’s and pulling him closer to the table as his coughing fit subsided. “I was going to tell you.  Not like this.”  His voice was slurry, like the words were swimming.  “But, I was going to tell you. After we—after what happened.  At your folks’ house.  I was going to tell you.”
“I believe Mr. Stark’s assistant already made the necessary arrangements.  I’m sure it won’t be a problem to accommodate your needs,” Steward assured them.
It felt good, the familiar
“I’ve never seen the like,” Steve admitted.  He lay back down and scrubbed a hand over his face, though kept his other hand bound with Tony’s. Steve breathed out through his nose, tasting the acrid burn of phantom smoke in the back of his throat. He felt Tony’s hand tighten on his and flexed his fingers into a squeeze in response.
His cock ached. It was leaking a long line of fluid from the head, but Steve didn’t stop the blows. If anything, he sped up, not letting the man adjust between hits, layering the blows one on top of the other, then off to the side where the sensitive, burning flesh had started to get feeling back. He landed another blow, then another, then tossed the paddle aside and brought his hand down, smacking the ruddy flesh hard enough to make the man rock in place. Again, he brought his hand down, then again, and again, and then he was shoving his cock into the man’s hole, and fucking him hard and wild, pounding his throbbing length into the abused flesh, grabbing the cheeks and kneading at them until he heard a wet, shuddering cry from the other side of the wall.
“Who has lied to him and used him his whole life,” Steve spat.
“Still not wrong, though.  After you,” Tony said, with a sweep of his hand and tilt of his head.
“Why?  Am I making you uncomfortable?” Tony asked.  He did not sound the least bit sorry.
They walked on to a bend in the river, where Steve called a halt and started setting up camp. Tony went off to relieve himself, then found a bush still ripe with berries. They would make a good meal in the morning, and he could dry them out for later. He was so intent on plucking every last berry that he could that he didn’t notice the man until the stranger was nearly upon him.
“No,” Steve said quickly, cutting her off. “No reason to.”
“Not that simple?
“Across the Dark Sea,” Steve told him.  “In the new world.  A place called York, though it used to be Yyrck when the settlors first arrived.”
. The universe brought you to me, Steve.  The future, whatever it is, we’ll deal with it.  Together.”
“A year ago, I thought all I was getting was a night of fun before the shit hit the fan,” Tony said.  “There I was, making goo-goo eyes at you, having no idea any of this was even possible. Jesus, that’s hard to believe.
Steve had only just recently started to try his hand at sculpting, though he’d found the process something he took to in a way that he wouldn’t have expected.  Seeing the image in the stone and finding the right angle and force to slowly bring it to life, piece by piece, was a satisfaction Steve could never have imagined.  He had whittled a bird from a piece of wood for Cam one day while Tony was in meetings, mostly out of boredom, and the next thing he knew, a master sculptor arrived from the university, along with chunks of marble as white as snow with ribbons of pale pinks and greys slashing through it.  From the moment he ran his hands over the smooth, cool surface of the rock, Steve had been enthralled.
“Briar? Why do I know that name?” Steve asked.
“No,” Steve replied.  “I wanted to be fast enough.”
“I can try, I guess,” Steve offered, reaching out a hand for the club.
“Can’t read or write as good as you, but I saw Stark’s letter. The last one,” Bucky said.  “Kept thinking about it, all the way out here.  ’Come home.’ He wants you back there, but you were still stuck here.  Maybe you both were.  Figured, he’s a smart guy.  I remembered the letters.  Hell, I thought that bird was going to peck them out in my blood if I didn’t write something.  Thought maybe, if I send that message back to him, maybe he would understand.  Look, Stevie,” Bucky went on after a deep breath.  “I needed to come here.  For them. For me.  Needed to walk away, if I could.  I thought I needed to do that by myself, but when I got here…there’s so much.  So much grief.  And I don’t get to hoard all of that.”
“Steve, he…” Tony began, dragging his eyes back to Jarvis, mouth curling into a grimace.  Tony pressed his lips together, feeling his jaw tighten.  His throat clicked as he swallowed.  The urge to roll his eyes, crack a joke or otherwise deflect was nearly overwhelming.  Saying it out loud, that made it more true somehow, like the world would absorb the knowledge and reorder itself around it.  It could never be taken back, not really, not once it was said.
He reached out and picked at a speck of nothing on the plate. Maybe he should put ketchup on the table. Please don't be pissed about the power grid. Have some sugared tomato paste? It could work.
Behind him, Steve heard the chamber’s door open.  Steve turned and, much to his surprise, Tony appeared, slowing his pace to come stand next to Steve’s chair.  It was barely dark outside.
“Yeah. Yeah, I guess,” Brock replied slowly.  Technically, they didn’t use the L-word.  Brock didn’t like it, said when he did say it, he wanted to be sure so that it really meant something, which Steve could appreciate, but that was probably why Brock was so uncomfortable even talking about it.
“Tony, what's the big deal about the pre-nup?” Steve cut in, breaking through Tony's momentary reverie.
“I’ll make your goodbyes to your parents,” Steve was saying.  “You can go with Agent Coulson and get started on everything.  I’ll make arrangements for a driver to take him to the cabin this afternoon, once you get the deliveries handled,” Steve told Coulson in a firmer voice.
The King’s hand slowed its rhythm, thrust in and out of Steve’s loose passage a few more times, and then was gone, leaving Steve feeling a wide gulf of emptiness.
“Go?” Anto suggested.
“St—Steve…” Tony rasped out.  “Is he—“  He couldn’t.  He couldn’t ask it. The words recoiled, skittered to the back of his brain and sat there, immovable.
To Tony's surprise, he'd managed to actually find something of an appetite for the food instead of just the magically refilling glasses of champagne, something of a rarity after one of his little episodes.  Though, he mostly blamed Steve for constantly telling him he should try a certain dish or how good one of the courses tasted.  And then making those ridiculously exuberant happy faces while he ate.  Hard to resist participating at least somewhat in a meal that managed to accomplish those kinds of looks.
I reblog Stony stuff on tumblr and sometimes post things when I can figure it out:  https://www.tumblr.com/blog/sabrecmc
“Well, he’s dead,” Tony snapped as a heavy silence fell between them.  The words had come out bitter and harsh and not at all what he meant to say, though there was the unmistakable ring of truth to them.  He looked down, chest prickling with embarrassment, though having to fight the urge to say more.  Which was a first on that subject, that's for damn sure, he admitted to himself.
“You ordered pizza without olives, and you think I’m not going to notice you going all Deer Hunter on me over seemingly random things?” Tony retorted, then rolled his lip between his teeth.  “Are you…are you okay?  I mean, really?  Sometimes…”
“I never wanted any of that,” Steve said quietly.
“It’s not disappointing,” Steve said stiffly.
“I didn’t know that,” Steve remarked.
“My mom said I should be brave.  When I left.  That’s what she said,” Cam told him, still staring down at the crumb of bread between his fingers.  “But, I’m not.  Soldiers, people like you, they’re brave.  I’m just—I’m what I am.”
“He didn’t?  How come?” Tony asked.
“So, that’s it, basically,” Tony finished, adding the last hotkey that would power down the laptop. “I’ll send the list of shortcuts to your phone, so you’ll have that to look at until you get used to them.  Try to use those where you can.  I’ve got some other ideas.  Actually, been doing a bit of research on this, and while there are obvious applications for injured soldiers, there are lots of people who suffer varying degrees of nerve damage in their hands and arms.  I’m going to see about integrating some of this with the next upgrade for the StarkPhone.  Which reminds me, I need to get you a prototype sent over.”
“You did say SHIELD wanted him to Bond,” Jarvis reminded him.  “Seemed rather urgent, if I recall the night your father met with Director Fury.”
“I’m fine.  Really.  So, all that running through your head, you can just…just forget it, okay?  Get your ass in here, Rogers,” Tony ordered gruffly, tapping at the space next to him.
“If I want to talk about it,” Tony repeated slowly, rounding out the words with his tongue because they sounded foreign in his mouth.  If he wanted to talk about it.  Talk about astrophysics and cosmology.  With his Alpha.  Danger, Will Robinson, Tony’s mind clanked, though not as loudly or as insistently as usual.  The whole conversation had gotten weird.  Had they been talking about his birthday?  And now…now he was having pizza and lemonade and discussing theoretical physics with his Alpha, which was, well.  There weren’t really words for what this was.  Unexpected, his mind supplied helpfully before he shushed it.  He’d say or do the wrong thing one of these days, he knew that.  Maybe it was today.  But if there was a hill to die on, he supposed he’d take this one.   “Okay.  Okay, well, yeah, in theory.  The kind of energy something like that would take would be massive though.”
“Golf, huh?” Steve finally replied in a low, easy drawl that made Tony's chest warm for some unfathomable reason.
“I think,” Cam began, walking slowly over to the window to peer out into the bailey.  “I think it is easy to forget what you are when someone like the King treats you as different.  But, you are not different,” Cam continued, his voice slow and halting. “Not really. Not to the rest of the world.  You are only different because he says it is so. So, you should make sure that he keeps saying it and give him no cause not to.  That is what I think.” He turned to face Steve, eyes narrowed, then he grinned and clapped his hands together with clear anticipation.  “Though,” he started, drawing out the word with as much dramatic flair as he could muster, “the last Raj’Inama only lasted a short while. She was poisoned by the king’s wife, or so they say, for the queen did not like the king’s favor falling so heavily on another. Then she gifted him with three new concubines who all looked exactly alike! Can you imagine such a thing?”
“Am I alright?” Tony said for him. He stopped and looked down the blank canvas of land before him where the sea rolled grey and white between the steeples of the cliffs.  In the distance, Steve could see the seabirds darting up and down on the breeze, searching for fish, the same as ever, though he suspected they missed the ease of dining on the catch brought in by the fishermen.  “I am…no.  No, but I don’t think I should be.  Do you?  I don’t think anyone should be.   I won’t—I won’t allow this to be my legacy, but I owe it to you, to Barnes, to the people who died here, to at least bear witness to it.  It should be hard.  It—I need it to be hard, so that when it’s done, I can do something with it.”
“I-I have this amazing, wonderful life, with everything I ever wouldn’t let myself want,” Tony husked out.    “I don’t know what’s wrong with me. I’m supposed to be happy. I know that, Jarvis, really, I’m trying.  I’m trying, but…sometimes…I didn’t know I wanted that, see?  Not just from Steve.  From anyone, really.  But now--now, I do, and I can’t make it go away.  I try, and I’m good for a while. I’m good.  Then. Then, he…he comes home from a mission I’m not supposed to think about with a coffee mug that says ‘Blame it on Dark Matter. Everyone Else Does,’ and a Wall-E poster that, hand to God, Jarvis, he tells me is for Dum-E and U.  How am I not supposed to, you know…feel things?”
“What did you do to him?  Stone?”  Tony asked in a careful, neutral tone, keeping his eyes on the tops of his shoes where the slashes of light glinted off the black leather.  He’d worn the heels to make himself feel taller.  No.  That wasn’t true.  That’s what he’d told himself, but he’d known, even as he slid them on and felt his toes crunch against the sides, that he was lying to himself.  He’d worn them in the hopes Steve would notice he looked good.
“Beautiful,” Steve whispered.  Tony whined and screwed his eyes shut, but he held himself spread wide.  The bed dipped again, and he felt the thick fabric of Steve’s uniform brush the backs of his thighs.  Then Steve’s hands were on his and a moment later, a rush of warm air covered his hole.  Tony cried out.  His whole body jerked and went taut.  His hands let go and dropped down to fist in the bed.  Another breath warmed him.  Then the hard, wet pressure of Steve’s tongue, flicking against the lace of the thong where it covered his hole.
Shellhead nodded, smiling somewhat proudly at Steve.  Steve wasn’t sure if he was proud that he thought of such things or that Steve figured he out.  Probably the latter, Steve thought with a grin.
“Why do you care?” Steve asked.
It wasn’t that he hadn’t known this was coming.  As soon as he presented as an Omega, the writing was on the wall, so to speak.  He wasn’t going to get to run the company.  He wasn’t going to finish school.  He wasn’t going to get to do much of anything that didn’t involve taking it up the ass from some Alpha.  That was what he was good for, and his body was going to make that clear to him one day, or so the doctor promised when he patted a sympathetic hand on Tony’s mother’s shoulder.
, he mentally finished, breaking off before he said more than needed to be said.
“Howard?” his mother called, her perfectly-coiffed head peeking out of the billiards room, where the crack of the cue stick against the cue ball seemed to break something else open inside Tony.  He wanted to run, to flee, to just be anywhere but here, but there wasn’t any place to go.  No one would hire an unbonded Omega.  He had no money to his name, since he couldn’t even open a bank account.  He was surrounded by riches, and couldn’t own any of them.  And there was absolutely nothing wrong with anything happening here tonight, at least as far as the rest of the world outside of Tony’s party of one was concerned.  So, there were some hurdles to his escape plan, he could admit.
“I don’t usually do them,” Steve admitted, a faint blush tinging his cheeks as his mouth twisted around the words.  “The private things.  A few here and there, but…it’s awkward.  The one on one.  When I’m up on stage, I can just sort of let go, forget about it all.  Do my routine.  It’s a bit like being someone else for a while,” Steve said with a shrug.  “I didn’t think I could do that with you. If it was just you, I mean.  So, I said no.”
A man in a suit sat at a slightly more modern desk than Steve remembered. He was new. At least, he was different than the man Steve remembered. On either side of him, a series of numbered doors, one through ten, never more than that, formed two rows. Steve could hear a few low, muffled sounds coming from some of the rooms, though he suspected they were soundproofed to normal hearing. He ignored those, and zeroed in on Room Six, at the end of one of the rows.
“You’re going to make fun of me, aren’t you?” Tony asked.
“Want to find out?” Tony heard himself ask, then blinked, almost biting the words back, but letting them hang there between them instead.
Tony let out a hoarse gasp and fell forward, bracing his arms on either side of Steve to catch himself.  He grunted, hips pumping hard and fast into Steve, and he looked down, his eyes alight with a dark, desperate hunger.  Something in Steve, something buried deep, thrummed to life and rejoiced.  This. This was what he craved.  To be taken. Used. To be
?  Wants thing to change?  Maybe people start listening to you.  Not everyone. But, maybe enough to tip the scales.  There are people who won’t just sit around and let that happen, Captain.  Ross for one. You think he’s just given up on his little Special Projects idea?  But, there are others.”
“You know, we’ve actually done some follow-up studies on the Iraqi soldiers to help better understand Gulf War Syndrome.  There’s been some link to the depleted uranium dust on leftover Iraqi soldier vehicles and equipment our troops were exposed to,” another voice cut in, making Tony’s ears perk up.  He turned to the speaker, a tall, balding man with a slight paunch wearing a dress uniform similar to Steve’s.  “Our biohazard suits hadn’t been tested under those types of conditions.”
“Great. Wonderful. That’s…yeah, so, okay, that’s the plan, then.  We can tell Steve about the whole Board thing—being his idea and all—have some dinner.  With Barnes and Nat.  Fun.  Good times.  I’m excited for this plan,” Tony stammered, planting his hands on his hips.  “Got my wingman.  Master of Woo. It’s all good. Everything’s going to be fine. How could this possibly go wrong?”
“That so?” Rhodey replied, giving Tony a quick, side-eyed look.
Figuring Steve out once seemed a matter of survival, back when they first Bonded.  It was still so strange to Tony to look back and that time at the cabin and try to recapture the old fears and insecurities that kept Steve at a distance for so long.  It seemed surreal, like a dream he could remember bits and pieces of, but not the whole.
Well, Tony thought a moment later, that certainly did it.
He liked to think that, sometimes. Sometimes, it helped to think that. It wasn’t a lie, not exactly. It wasn’t truth, either, he could admit now. It was something in between. Grace, his mother would have said, and that might be the most apt description, because grace never came without pain or sacrifice, but that was what made it mean something.
“You are my heart, so how could I forget?” Tony said, his voice thick and ragged. Steve watched him suck in a breath and wipe his hand over his mouth, seeming to gather himself. Even though they were out of the way of prying ears, there were always eyes watching Tony. “I meant what I said last night,” Tony added, interrupting the storm of Steve’s thoughts.
“That’s what they were doing, Tony,” Steve rasped out.  “The Omegas in the pictures.  Bending over.  Presenting themselves.  Holding themselves open.  Letting everyone see how much they needed an Alpha.  They were so loose and ready.  All wide and gaping, needing it so badly.  Needing an Alpha to take care of them. So wet, you could see it all over their thighs, on the bed.  Beautiful. But you…with you, it’s real.  Not some show.  It’s real, and it’s for me, just for me.  All of this. For me.  You have no idea how beautiful you are.”
“So, we’re just not going to talk about how you made a CD of Songs in the Key of Carol?” Tony asked.
“Ready?” Steve asked again.
“Love you, too, Tony,” Steve murmured, everything still feeling vaguely out of focus, like his vision was a half a second behind. “Alpha,” he sighed in a contented, satisfied sort of way. Tony tugged him tight against his chest and fell back onto the bed, pulling Steve with him, his hands running in quick, sure lines over Steve’s skin. They lay like that for longer than Steve had intended, but it felt so good. Safe and warm and loved beyond measure.
Steve’s cock ached, he was so hard.  He was desperate to touch himself.  All he could think about was the pressure in his cock, the need to thrust, the feeling of being filled and still too empty at the same time.  Without thinking, he reached a hand towards his cock, only to have Tony slap it away.
“It’s a bus ride, Tony.  It isn’t—it’s just a bus ride,” Steve said, giving Tony a quick, apologetic glance.
Steve's whole self-image had been shaken to its foundations, all because Howard wanted to be sure they stayed apart, and he had known Tony wouldn't be the one to take the risk of being hurt again. That would have been Steve, who would have tried until he at least heard it straight from Tony, not filtered through too much vodka and too many hangers-on stoking the flames while Tony's world burned. Steve, brave-faced and full of righteous indignation, would have tried. So, Howard had to make sure that didn't happen.
“That wasn’t…why,” Tony said, though he didn’t mean it.  They both knew that.  Still.  Have to keep up appearances, even when it’s just us.
.  The man wasn’t doing anything, really. Just standing there, and it wasn’t like he wasn’t entitled to use the road whenever he wanted, Steve supposed. Steve didn’t own the road, after all. Steve didn’t own anything.  The man could certainly use it if he wanted, even in the middle of the night, just like Steve was.
“Well, I don’t disagree,” Tony said with a shrug of his shoulders, taking a sip of wine.  “As I said, you’re most convincing.  We’ve had too little rain here the past few years, and harvests haven’t been what the Lords and Ladies are used to, which cuts down on the taxes they can pay the Crown.  You know the issues with the Guilds and their losses.  Not that we are in dire straits by any means.  Fear not, you shall have all the trinkets and fabrics that catch your eye,” he promised with a smirk that was clearly pleased with the thought, though the words settled cold and flat in Steve’s stomach and hung there, suspended, as if waiting for something to come along and push them into motion. “The materials won’t be particularly expensive. Rock from the quarries should be readily available, just a matter of transport, and Lord Parrish will be pleased to provide his barges for such an endeavor, I’m sure.  Or, he will once I give his daughter a place at Court.  Timber can be had fairly easily.  I’d prefer oak or elm, but there are pines and beech trees on the lower steppes.  Lady Sybel’s lands.  She’s a…personal friend.  I believe she would allow access without much care, at least to the older groves.  Slaves will do the bulk of the building, though I’ll have to divert them from other projects instead of purchasing new ones, which may not sit well with some.  Truly, the costs are actually not as much as Obie will likely rail about. I’ll see about having an estimate put together.  Stave off his protest, if I can.”
Leaving the man long enough to clean himself up and drink some water, he kept his gaze on the lovely hole slowly dripping his cum onto the floor. That’s a sight, Steve thought. He wished he could draw it. Maybe he would. Maybe next time, if there was a next time, he would bring his sketchbook and charcoals and draw this scene. True, it was in his memory now, and it wasn’t like he would forget, but there was something about bringing this to life on paper in a real, tangible way that he liked. He wondered if the man would be okay with that or if drawing him like this was asking too much. The man at the desk said there were no hard no’s, but they probably didn’t have this on their list, he thought, smiling lopsidedly.
Tony’s face was a study in calm, Steve thought, though he could see the anger simmering under the surface.  Tony knew, as Steve did, that had not been a mistake, but invoking his familiar name to remind everyone of what had transpired between them.
“Coulson has a set of trading cards. They’re vintage.  Near mint condition, or so I’m told,” Steve replied after a beat, a slight hint of a smile creeping into his voice.  “Slight foxing around the edges.”
“Your plant talks were most engrossing,” Tony said, arching an eyebrow.
“Steve likes red,” Tony cut in.  He actually had no idea what Steve liked, but it shut her up.  “Says it looks good with my skin or something.”
“A risk-taker.  Guess that’s probably good for me, all things considered,” Tony said with an answering smile.  “Champagne?”  At Steve’s nod, Tony waved one of the waiters over.  When the cork popped, he didn’t even jump, though his mind chose that moment to remind him that he was still holding Steve’s hand under the table, and he was suddenly very, very conscious of the heavy, warm weight of it across his thigh.  He let go and reached for the flute of champagne, raising it up with a slight nod as he felt Steve’s hand slip away.  They clinked the slim flutes together, and Tony took a long drink, watching Steve out of the corner of his eye.  The cool, bubbly liquid felt like heaven on his parched throat.
Isn’t that what Jarvis said?  I’m asking, Tony pleaded silently.  I’m waiting.  No one said you would get the answer you wanted, though. That was the thing.
“Company’s yours.  Always has been,” Steve shrugged, sidling over a bit on the bed so he could lay on his back and pull Tony into the curve of his body.  “You wanna make omelet makers, I’m onboard.  In good conscious, I can’t really see my way to giving you an endorsement, but do what you want.”
“No hurt. Heal,” JARVIS’ voice told him.
, Steve Rogers, that they were real.   He hadn’t realized until this moment exactly how much he wanted that.
“Part of me still thinks this is all some elaborate joke,” Steve admitted, casting a quick look over his shoulder at Brock. He tugged at the jacket to straighten, then turned towards Brock, mouth flattening. “Are...are we
Thank you so much to everyone who has stuck with this story (and welcome to any stalwart new people who decided to read an almost 300K wip!).  As always, a huge shout out to tastes-like-coconut for the beta.  I hope you enjoyed the chapter!
“This is…personal.  The, ah, detoured weapons thing is completely separate. Where’s our internal investigation on that stand, anyway?  That’s taking way too long.  Ask Obie for an update, would you?” Tony asked.  He glanced over at Steve, who was cradling his backpack in his lap and seemingly distracted by the myriad seat options.
“I already ate while you were swimming,” Cam replied, turning a large, brown-striped shell over in his hand. “May I go back to the beach and look for more shells to go with this one?”
“For you?  Never,” Steve replied, trying to roll his eyes, but finding himself smiling in return instead.  “We called it Jericho.  In my story.  From back ho—from where I’m from.”
“Did they really?” Cam breathed out in awe.  “I should like to see them.  Grandfather and Grandmother fish, I should call them.  Do you think they would let me pet them and feed them?”
“Really? That’s great.  Thank you.  I really appreciate you taking the time to do this,” Steve said.
“Yes.  That. The other night, when you told me…what you told me.  About Zola and--everything,” Tony began.
taking his time, like it was a--a gift to have the chance to make Steve feel that way, even if they both knew it wasn’t.  Tony cared about making Steve feel good, he cared about Steve, he
“Indulge me,” Steve scoffed, giving Tony what was probably supposed to be a reassuring smile, but turned tremulous the moment his eyes met Tony’s.
“Okay.  Okay, so…that’s settled, then.  We’re dating.  We’re exchanging keys.  We talked about kids.  That’s great.  That’s all great.  I’m just going to go back to my apartment, put all that aside and look at Pepper’s graphs for the incredibly important presentation I have tomorrow.  That should work.  No problem with that plan,” Tony said with a frustrated snort.
“We need to go,” Steve murmured, then leaned down and pressed his mouth to Anto’s.  Anto would have pulled back in surprise had Steve not been cupping his head, but then he felt Steve’s lips, soft and gentle, nudge his own apart, and Steve’s tongue slide along the seam.   Anto gasped in shock and then Steve’s tongue slipped inside his mouth, curling against his own. It was—it was like nothing he had felt before. Hot and sweet, an invasion that felt like a gift, Steve’s mouth moved over his, his tongue delving in and out of Anto’s mouth, sweeping against his, then drawing back, until Anto tentatively touched his tongue to the part of Steve’s lips. Steve growled low in his throat and his mouth angled over Anto’s, hot and demanding.  Anto’s eyes fell closed, and he let out a low moan, his body going boneless as he sank against Steve. Pleasure exploded in his body, a deep, aching well of need and joy, the sense of being overwhelmed and wanting more. He touched his tongue to Steve’s lips again, then slowly pressed inside Steve’s mouth. He tasted like salt and ripe berries and Steve. It was glorious. He wasn’t sure how long they stayed like that, Steve’s mouth working over his, insistent and encouraging.  He was too lost in the sensation to care.
“Deeper,” Steve said, letting his shoulders relax against the bed, and head loll back, eyes locking on Tony’s.  “Harder.  More.”
Steve nodded. “Yeah.  Call the concierge.”  He paused, taking another sip of coffee. “He’ll probably just enjoy being right and tell them to get rid of me.”
“Speaking of JARVIS, how’d you get that whole interface with the helmet to work?” Tony asked.  “And what the hell is that weird gel stuff? Some kind of nanotech?”
“Yeah.  I—“ Tony began, then stopped and cleared his throat.  “Steve,” he said, not quite sure what he meant to say, but ending up on that.  “Thanks for…you know.”
“Does it matter?” Tony asked harshly.  The nearly empty bottle of water folded in his hands, making a grating, crinkling noise as he released it.  “Look, either you want to do this or you don’t.  I’m sure How—my father already told you about me, so.”  So, get on with it.  Get it over with, whatever this is, please God, Tony silently begged.   Just get it over with.
“Do you want this?” Tony asked abruptly, staring up at him with a hard look.  “Me.  To be your Omega, I mean.”
except that it was hard not to find it adorable—anyway, maybe the restricted area? Eh, too clinical.  The Steve Zone?  That sounded nicer because it had Steve in the name, but he really didn’t relish the idea of anyone else thinking about how nice Steve’s name sounded.
He wasn't sure how long he stood there, waiting, in some sort of suspended hush of expectation, but it was long enough that when he did move, his leg muscles seemed surprised by it. Going to the dresser, he tugged out a t-shirt that suggested everyone keep calm and code on and plaid sleep pants. He changed clothes and sat on the edge of the bed, turning the lamp off and letting his eyes adjust to the darkness.
“Yield,” Tony choked out, then slapped his hand against the mat, rolled over and smiled up at Steve.  “Again,” he said, pushing himself up and brushing his hands against his pants.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You said…um,” Tony stammered, clearing his throat and somehow in the space of a breath, deciding to just barrel ahead with it.  “You said they were doing things.  In the pictures.  The Omegas.  Is that...I mean, I could, maybe.  If you wanted…” he offered, blinking as heat stabbed at his eyes and chest.  “I could…what--what they were doing.  I could maybe do that. For you.”
“Call us even,” Bruce replied.
“Now, come on, couch is yours for as long as you want it,” Bucky said, pushing open the car door.
Cam waved once, looked between Steve and Tony, grinned, and darted out of the room behind the line of soldiers, nipping at their heels the way a small dog chases the pack with something that sounded a lot like a thinly veiled jibe directed at the men’s lack of success.  Rhodes nodded his head in Tony’s direction and gave Steve a quick, hard look, mouth flattened into a thin line. He, too, left, though. What else was there for him to do?
“Happy has no faith in humanity,” Tony said loud enough for Happy to hear.  “Actually, I think it’s just too cold out there for muggers.  New York’s muggers are pansies.  Got to go to Jersey for the real hardcore muggers.  Or, like, a charity wine tasting in the Hamptons. Brutal.”
Thirty-six hours.  Not that long, really, but too long.  He wanted Steve, and he wanted everyone to stop looking at him, all sympathetic tut-tutting, thinking they knew, without knowing anything.  Soldiers and doctors, with their overly solicitous looks that were going to drive him up the wall.
“Seems unlikely,” Tony interjected.
The creature disappeared beneath the water as it deepened, then appeared again a little farther out, swaying with the tide as he watched Steve from afar.  Steve held a hand up to wave, then let it fall, a slight frown forming. Shellhead raised a hand, waved once, his tentacles churning around him, and then was gone.
, that’s good.  You good?”
Steve laughed at that, though it was the kind of laugh that wasn't real, Tony could immediately tell that much. The kind of laugh you did when it was that or something you didn't want to let out.
“The stone gods?” Steve repeated. He remembered hearing Tony say that before, down on the beach before they left on their journey, but he had been too distracted by the turmoil of his thoughts to pay attention.
Steve swallowed thickly.  Your pleasure is beautiful to behold, my darling.  Brighter than the sun warming the sands.  I don’t imagine I will ever tire of seeing it.  Tony’s words from this morning.  How could it be both comforting and terrifying, this idea that Tony would not lose interest in him?  I want to go home, Steve told himself, looking at Tony as he recited the familiar refrain.  Steve could hear them, echoing in his head in Tony’s voice, searing his chest with warmth and filling the hollow places.
“Why?” Tony asked, bewildered.
it.  You know what I’m talking about? Fucking desperate for--”
. “I won’t mention it again. The Free States, none of it. No more arguments. Just give me your word.”
But, we didn’t, he reminded himself. We didn’t lose.
That was probably overstepping.  And weird.  It would be weird, right?  If he did something like that, maybe Tony would feel obligated to acknowledge Steve--acknowledge
“Never mind, I’ll send something. What size are you?” Ms. Potts asked.
A message was scrawled in bold, red pen across the bottom of the poster.
“Try to contain your excitement,” Bucky said pointedly.   Instead of answering, Steve stared up at the raised drape of the tent’s ceiling, watching the light move across it. “Not going to lie, though. Some of us like a real bed, you know,” Bucky said, a smile in his voice that told Steve that Bucky wasn’t exactly thinking of an empty bed. Natasha waited back at the Castle, along with the rest of the Avengers. “Nice hot bath. And the food…gods, who knew? Those tart things Thor is fanatical about…have to admit the good life kind of grows on you. Speaking of, can’t imagine what the wedding’s going to be like. Think they’ll have those little roasted birds? You should tell Tony you like them….”
“Stones or Beatles?” Tony repeated after a pause.
He thought he dozed, lost between sleep and wakefulness, but there were no dreams, just the weight of Tony in his arms, and maybe that was the same. The sun was setting, sky going gray and a low crescent moon already smiling at them through the trees when he finally roused himself to move.  Tony, surprisingly, didn’t protest, though they both cried out in shock and then laughter when they splashed into the water again, finding it felt far colder the second time.  Clean again, they dressed, though Steve immediately decided he needed to change.  His clothes were caked with dried sweat and dirt, and they clung to his skin.
“Don’t you say that, Tony.  Don’t.  Don’t do that.  Even with how it ended…I don’t regret any of it.  You think I’d trade knowing you for—for anything? You were always the best part of my life,” Steve replied with enough force to momentarily take Tony aback.  “So just…just stop thinking that kind of thing, okay?”
“Thanks,” Steve managed to get in, though Tony was on a roll, so Steve wasn’t sure if he actually heard him or not.
“Hmmm,” Tony murmured under his breath, then made a chuffing noise.  “Well, I shall endeavor not to go to any great height, then.” Tony must have seen something on Steve’s face, because his eyes softened and he leaned forward until he had one hand braced on the bed next to Steve.  “Hey, Steve, it was just a dream. It isn’t real. I’m fine, as you can plainly see.”
“You, too,” Steve said.  The line went silent.  Steve let his hand fall from his ear and cradled the phone in his palm, staring down at it.  He pushed himself off the cot and walked towards the empty space in the wall.  He was reaching out to put the phone back into its place when it rang again, loud and shrill in the small space, vibrating in his hand.
?  You don’t know what you’re talking about,” Howard snapped, but he had wilted somehow, like the truth sucked something out of him.  “You know that stuff of yours never worked.  It never worked, remember?” Howard spat out.
“You’re alright,” Tony soothed, his voice barely audible over the wind. “I’m here.  Listen to my voice, Steve. You’re alright.” Steve looked over at him, then back down at their hands.  Tony’s was on his. He could feel the cool, smooth weight of the ring Tony was wearing. Gold, with the Stark crest, flanked by twin rubies on each side.  His sleeve fluttered in the wind. There was no blood. Steve cast a quick look around him. Everyone seemed to have averted their eyes or suddenly become fascinated in some shared topic of discussion, anything to avoid looking at the concubine who was, they probably assumed, fearful of the sudden height.
“Jesus fucking Christ, you’re like Tantric Scrabble,” Tony interrupted with a shake of his head.
“I don’t do cabs,” Tony ground out. “I can get downtown on my own just fine.”
“Do you even remotely want to be my Omega?” Rogers asked, still keeping his gaze locked on the horizon.
“That’s a classic maneuver, Rogers, I’ll have you know,” Tony grinned.  “Now, get over here and show me how much you like my body,” he urged, nudging his knee into Steve’s thigh.
“Sorry, Pep. I needed some time,” Tony said in a voice that didn't even sound like his own. Steve hadn't taken the money. Steve hadn't taken the money. It kept drum-beating through his head like something he knew in the abstract could be real, quarks or dark matter or a decent Adam Sandler movie, but it refused to coalesce. “I should've said something.”
“I really should have called,” Coulson said evenly, giving Tony a sharp, quizzical look.  “I wasn’t thinking.”
God, he really had been a pretentious asshole, Tony thought with a chagrined huff. He put the book back, then glanced over the other items on the shelves. One of the small, glass vases that sat on the shelf drew his eye. He picked it up and turned it over in his hand. It was slightly off-center, one lip hanging a bit lower than the other, but a fiery red-orange, with gold droplets caught inside the glass, made somehow all the more interesting for being less than perfect. Tony studied it for a long moment before putting it back where it stood next to several others in a neat arrangement, seemingly the apartment's only concession to something that was solely for beauty.
Tony blinked at him, then twisted his head to the side, tearing his gaze away from their reflection.  “You don’t have to do this,” he ground out.  “This–you don’t have to do this. That’s not what you’re…”
T’Challa’s eyes narrowed, but he nodded, dipped his head just the slightest and left Steve watching him disappear, soundlessly, seamlessly, into the shadows and dark spaces that clung to the corners.  Steve uncurled his fist and looked down at the flash drive for a long moment, then pocketed it and headed for the opposite end of the warehouse.
“Good, you’re not dead,” Fury said to Tony.
He must have.  Coulson wouldn’t make that up. Couldn’t.  So, Tony must have. Last night, or maybe this morning, over breakfast, while Steve was on his way into SHIELD.  Maybe Tony sat at the kitchen table and ordered fishing gear because Steve mentioned it after the movie, which seemed...incredibly sweet. Or, Tony thought he had done something wrong, not jumping with enthusiasm at Steve’s offer, and wanted to assuage whatever disappointment he might have caused.  There
But then, New York happened, and they’d fought together, nearly died together, and it had been Steve’s smiling face he’d woken up to, bright as the sun and just as blinding to look at. They’d parted ways as, well, not friends, exactly, but not strangers. A quick handshake goodbye, and Steve had been gone, but that hollow, empty feeling had disappeared as well, swept away with brick and mortar and dust and all the other things that didn’t really matter in the end.
“You should get you something, too,” Steve told Tony while one of the salespeople pulled his arms into the suit jacket of the three-piece Tony liked.  “Feel like one of those real swells in this,” Steve said, smoothing down the vest and twisting a bit as he considered his reflection.
, Steve thought.  Was there any higher expression of this than to mourn for a loss that wasn’t your own?  When Bucky released him, Steve walked slowly towards where Tony knelt, stopping just short of him.  The wind off the sea was whipping across the field, stirring the tall grass, spots of the bright yellow weeds that they had picked as gifts for parents when they were children bursting through the waves of green.
“You know, we could just skip this exercise in bureaucracy and let me pay for whatever treatment it is he needs,” Tony suggested.  “Go play mini-golf instead.  I really want to get one down Gene Simmons’ throat.  Wow. That sounded wrong.
There is a path through the mountains, he thought, holding back a sob. He could see the ancient map in his mind’s eye. It’s the only path there is.
Every page, all of them, from the day they’d met in that God-awful conference room at SHIELD was filled with some memory.  Often, things Tony hadn’t known or had forgotten, though not Steve.  Never Steve, not with his memory, and here it all ways.  A gift for Tony.  He flipped through to the end, stopping here and there to read a page.  On the inside back cover, it just said, “All of my memories belong to you, now until forever.  Happy First New Year’s, Tony–Love, Steve.”
“What’s he doing now?” Tony asked.
“Why do you want to change that memory?  Because it was the last?” Steve asked.  The cloth slowed, briefly, then kept up its pattern of overlapping circles across his back.
.  Satisfaction, bitter and acrid, rose in his throat until he could taste it.  He tried to swallow and felt it stick.  He didn’t know what to think, except that he was sure that this man’s departure was because of him, and pieces that led him there didn’t want to connect in his mind, but he couldn’t exactly deny it.  Tony had done this.  All of this. In a morning, while Steve slept, because Steve had told him what he told him last night, as bewildering and confusing as that realization might be.
“Tony?” Steve called out, heart racing to a panic.  “Is everything okay?”
“Want to see you,” Tony said firmly, watching with satisfaction as Steve dragged his eyes up to return Tony’s gaze. He rubbed two fingers up and down the crack of Steve’s ass, gathering the slick that had dripped from Steve’s entrance, then pushed them all the way inside in one swift motion. Steve gasped, his back arching against the bed as he dug his hands into the comforter and held on while Tony carefully pumped the gauntleted fingers in and out.
Shellhead had nodded and reached up to brush the hair back from Steve’s forehead, not quite catching Steve’s eye, but his gaze had roved over Steve’s face with an almost covetous look, like he was trying to memorize whatever he saw there in the shadows.
A fireplace dominated one wall, set in a mosaic that glittered as the flames moved, casting colored lights across the ceiling.  The fireplaces corbels were undulating bodies of stone, and the mosaic itself depicted nude figures writhing around on a golden bed, not unlike the huge bed that sat across the room.  Steve stared at it in amazement. It was nothing like anything he had ever seen before.  Shrouded by sheer, golden draperies, the bed was on a raised dais, and covered in long, rounded pillows in a rainbow of silks and a red coverlet shot through with gold threads that reached all the way to the floor.  Each of the posters was a finely carved figure, nude and undulating, with arms extended above to hold up the bed’s canopy.
“We have to have lots of fantastic sex and I’ll feel better about things. Or fuck it, I won’t, but I’ll have had lots of fantastic sex, so it’s a win-win, as far as I can tell,” Tony told Clint.  Steve was slowly banging his head on the conference table.  He did that a lot. Tony wondered if it was some kind of tic.  Maybe Steve should see a doctor?
I’m wondering again, Tony thought with a strangely dull sort of hysteria.  I really should stop doing that.
“You thought we might be part of this...Hydra thing,” Steve said.
“Me?  Never!” Tony shot back in exaggerated protestation.
“Oh, he’ll start with that soon enough. We get sullen silences or non-stop noise.  Count your blessings it’s door number one tonight,” Howard snorted and took another sip of his drink, then reached around for the bottle Stane had brought.
None of them could stand to be alone for very long, Steve had noticed after a while.  Everywhere he looked, people were huddled together, heads bent, arms close enough to feel the warmth of the other person’s skin.
“Tony,” Steve gasped, pleading, the name stretched thin, like the wind through the reeds back home.  Steve grunted, hips shimmying against Tony’s hand.  He bowed his head and found Tony’s lips, warm and slightly rough from the heat of the sun, heard Tony’s groan fill his mouth as Steve’s tongue slid past the seam of his lips.  Wet heat, the spice of the day’s wine, the smell of soap and skin and Tony on each breath, it was almost overwhelming.  He could lose himself this way.  Maybe he already had, but there was something to be found here, too, or he thought there might be.  He didn’t question it, just let his body and mouth give Tony the words he could not say, the emotions he would not feel.
Steve’s body jerked, part surprise, part anticipation, part…disappointment.  He tamped that down as quickly as possible, but he caught Tony’s eyes go wide, knowing, then darken.  Steve’s mouth watered, filling with an almost embarrassing amount of saliva.  Using his mouth on Tony hardly seemed a punishment.  He loved doing that. He thought Tony knew?
He felt Tony’s breath hitch a bit at that.  “If you want.”
Steve felt the head of Tony’s slick cock press against his hole, pushing in, stretching his hole even further around the girth.  Steve breathed out, tried to relax and kept his eyes on Tony’s, two ends of a long thread that seemed to be holding them together, even as they would try to pull apart.  Tony pushed in slowly, barely moving forward, letting Steve adjust to the burning stretch of being filled.  He’s inside me, Steve thought, somewhat wildly, then felt the hard fullness of Tony’s balls bounce against his ass as Tony slid all the way in to the hilt.  Tony let out a long breath that he had apparently been holding and rubbed his hands soothingly over the insides of Steve’s thighs.
“Finish your meal. Enjoy the beach.  Rest. Relax,” Tony instructed, heading for the tent’s opening.  “Oh, and tell Ott and Reza to take the rest of the food, would you?  Chef always does try go to extremes to impress.”
“Savoy’s, huh?  Nice. You celebrating or something?” she asked.
to know.”
Steve wanted him to go to MIT.
“Would you stop doing that?” Tony demanded, hands going to his hips as he shot his attorney an utterly wasted look of exasperated frustration.  “Look, Steve—it isn’t that I don’t appreciate you doing this.  I do.  We all do,” Tony continued, gesturing his arms wide around the room.
--up here, which doesn’t make sense, alright, but, I get you to myself, no SHIELD, no Nat dropping literally dropping in—still not over the parachute on the roof thing, by the way—but, then, there are all these memories, and I think about how much has changed since we were first here, and--“
Tony’s stomach clenched, and for a moment, it was like he was flying, airborne, the sun in his eyes, all gleaming and bright.  Steve liked him.  Steve liked him, and it was everything he wanted, everything he needed.  That piece of himself clicking into place.  He’d been looking for the one with the straight edge, the corner piece, that was what he thought he needed, but it was this, this misshapen thing that fit in the center of himself—round, it’s round—and, oh, God, this swooping, joyous, terror, because this was the rise, the lift, and after that, the fall.  Didn’t he know that?  Some things…some things you can’t piece back together.  He’d thought he might be one of them, but here this was, and it fit, and it was right, so right.
“Lord Stone is quite good,” Tony admitted gamely, “though, I have had the good fortune to see a warrior who I believe would be more than a match for Lord Stone.  What say you, Rhodey?” Steve blinked in surprise and looked over at Rhodes, waiting to see how he would respond.
“Guys, a little help here?” Tony asked, holding the toddler out at arm’s length again the moment Steve bobbled the handhold he had on the suit.
Steve saw Rhodes frown, though he obliged Tony quickly enough, bowing his leave and heading for the group of soldiers that had accompanied them from Lord Murdock’s garrison. Ross bowed, too, and made for the awning where his own soldiers waited, leaving just the two guards behind with them.
Which would have worked great, except that he couldn’t actually pull Steve anywhere, so it ended up with him basically twirling himself and stumbling a few steps away.  Way to be cool, Tones, he heard Rhodey’s voice echo in his head.  Steve caught him by the upper arm and righted him with a mumbled apology that was trying very hard not to turn into a laugh.
“That…wait, what?  No, no, why would he…it makes no sense.  Wait…you…” Steve shrugged Bucky’s arm off his shoulders.  “Bucky!  You…you did that on purpose to try to…what, test your theory?”
“I know.  I heard.  You did great, Tony,” Steve husked out.  Tony could feel him shaking beneath his hands, small, aborted quivers of muscle spiraling through the terror and anger and relief, which, more than anything since he’d woken up attached to a car battery, ripped apart what was left of Tony’s composure.  “I’ve got you now.   You’re safe.  You’re okay.  You’re okay, Tony,” Steve was saying in a low, broken whisper against the side of Tony’s head.
, Tony’s mind rang out, his thoughts going cloudy and soft at the edges.
“What--wait, what?” Steve stammered.
“Tony, this is a tray of food. Two weeks ago, I threw a motorcycle at those Hydra guys. Remember? You were pissed because that was my third bike, which I really appreciate by the way, and I will truly try to stop throwing them,” Steve promised. “They’re just so darn handy,” Steve teased lightly. It was a testament to Tony’s level of distraction that he said nothing in response, Steve thought.
“Your friend remains in cryosleep.  My doctors tell me his vitals are stable,” T’Challa told him, started to say something else, then hesitated, the air of dignified power he usually wore like a mantle slipping away for a moment.  “He dreams.  I hope they are…of good things.”
“I’m glad you think so,” Steve smiled then, a warm, almost wistful smile that carried a current of sadness with it.  “Here, ah.  Speaking of…well, of our Bonding,” Steve said, digging a hand into the pocket of his pants.  He came out with a ring, small and gray with a bright sheen to it that caught the moonlight like a star, shifting back and forth across the band.  “I know it’s late.  I should have…well, I should have done a lot of things.  Here, though,” Steve said, holding the ring out between his thumb and forefinger.  “May I?”
“What, like we can’t be together at the casino? Come on, you’re my good luck charm,” Brock said.
“You theorized using nanotechnology to create a liquid adaptive material that solidifies when its hit by a bullet in the twenty minutes between hors d’oeuvres at a meet and greet where half the top brass in the United States military did the chicken dance,” Coulson replied, bracing his elbows on the table and steepling his fingers in front of him.  There was a hint of a smile in the words, like he was hoarding a punchline Tony didn’t get.
Steve looked askance at Rhodes, brow furrowing.  “Would you?  If you were in my position. What would you do?” Steve asked.
care. Then there was a fight with dinnerware,” Tony continued.  “Oooh, hey, that rhymed.”
“Not really sure,” Tony told him.  “You were, ah, studying it, I think.  Working on it.  Never saw you actually take a turn on the floor though.  Evil sort of interfered with your dance card.”
He stopped.  Looked around.  Tried to take it all in and find some sort of context for it.  He looked around for Zola, but the man didn’t materialize.  Just as he turned to ask the guards, he saw the door shutting behind him and heard the key turn in the lock.  He stepped forward, his feet sinking into a soft, thick carpet that covered the tile floor.  A long couch, covered with plump, silk pillows dotted with tassels at their corners, was in front of him, flanked by two gilded chairs stuffed with fat, feather filled cushions.
“ And if you think I’m going to let you go…let this…this feeling I get when I look at you, like I’m the fucking luckiest son-of-a-bitch on the planet…lose this, you, because you can kick my ass, you have another thing coming,” Tony said emphatically.  “I should, I know.  I messed this up from the get-go.  I should let you go, really, I should.  I get that.  Let you find someone worthy of you, who deserves this…this gift…but I can’t do that, Steve, I can’t,” he continued, realizing that at some point, Steve had released his shoulders and gone quiet.  He was just staring at Tony now, arms slack and unmoving, so he brought his hands up to cup Steve’s jaw, pulling his head down a bit so he could look directly at him and slotting himself closer into Steve’s space.
“Was that--is,” Tony stopped, trying to clear his parched throat, “is that...kiss?  Nice,” Tony mumbled, his voice rising and falling. He felt wrung out, slack, like a wet towel twisted until all the moisture had dripped from it.  Almost as soon as he thought it, the alien brought a pouch-like container of some kind of light blue substance to Tony’s lips.
“Here. This is where I should be.  God, Steve.  Next to you.  This.  This is where I’m supposed to be.  I know it with every fiber of my being.   There is literally nothing I’m more sure of than that I am right where I’m supposed to be,” Tony insisted.  “Not the standing in the fucking not-snow in the middle of Lower BFE, okay, sure, but,” Tony said, spreading his arms wide.  “Why does it smell like week old beef and broccoli here?  Anyway, this part, not a fan. I’ll admit. But the talking thing.  The us-thing.  I want to do those things.  All the time. And if I have to do it here, well, fine,” Tony sputtered.  “God, I feel like I’m caught in some melodramatic Dr. Seuss book.  I would talk to you in a car or on a bus or in your class. I would talk to you anywhere, you stubborn ass.”
Right????  Not to downplay the awfulness of Anon’s sucky interaction with their professor, but maybe this will cheer Anon up a bit. I wish I could do the same for Anon, but I’ll have to go with fantasy.
“Uh, can you count,
“Yeah, here.  Ah, just…just squeeze the sides. See?  Like this,” Tony said, applying pressure to the sides.  “And then…ta-da?” The catch on the top opened, and the tiny robot, barely a millimeter in length, crawled out.  “It’s got a micro solar cell for power.  Very rudimentary behavioral processing capabilities, using electronic impulses to direct choice logarithms, but I’m working on an app.  I mean, I don’t know what it will do, exactly.  It’s just..it’s…”  Stupid.  Stupid, why had he made a robot into Steve’s ring?  Who wanted that?  What, diamonds were just so last year?  Trying to be clever, trying to impress, trying, trying, trying.  He should have just—
“I’m going to have to comp Hammer a couple of freebies,” she was saying.
And cold. Very cold.
“Oh.  Oh.  Christ, Steve, please, please,” Tony chanted.  Steve stopped rocking his hips and shifted himself just enough so that Tony’s cock lined up properly, then started to press down.  He felt the head catch against his hole and forced himself to relax and keep pressing down.  He could feel the familiar burning pressure build as his body stretched, but he kept slowly pushing himself down until he felt Tony's cock finally push past the resistance offered by ring of muscle at his entrance.  He took a shuddering breath and kept going, slowly letting himself sink onto Tony’s cock, relishing the way it slid against the inside of his body, soft and rough at the same time.  He stopped once Tony was partially inside him, letting his body adjust for a moment, then with a long, low, moan, let his weight drop fully, burying the full length of Tony’s cock inside him, filling him completely.
A rush of memory hit him, clutching at his chest with a sharp pang.  How many times had he watched Jarvis in the kitchen, performing all those simple, unhurried tasks that meant home?  It had smelled of lemons there, too.  Always.  Underneath whatever the meal of the day might be, there had always been the scent of lemons.  It was the cleaner Jarvis used, Tony knew, but he had always liked it.  He could almost feel the stool twirling a bit underneath him while Jarvis polished the silver.  It squeaked a bit with each twist, but it had been an oddly pleasing sound when he was a child.  He hadn’t been able to keep still, even in there, though Jarvis hadn’t minded, he recalled with a small smile.
“Oh?” Brock said, one eyebrow raised, a flicker of unease crossing his face so fast, Steve thought he might have imagined it.  Maybe I shouldn’t have said it like that, Steve thought guiltily.  This had to be weird for Brock, too, even if he was putting on a good front.
They started up the steps to the brightly lit vestibule of Bucky’s building with its cheerful, black and white checkered floor.  Bucky waved his keyfob over the security panel, and the door buzzed as it unlocked.  Steve held it open for them.
“Very certain of you,” Tony grinned.  “I don’t doubt it. I like that, you know.  That you could snap my neck before the guards even realized what was happening.  I like watching you go down on your knees for me because I tell you to, when I suspect that if you didn’t want to, there is no force on earth that could truly make you submit.  I liked that about you from that first night, when I thought to myself that I had never seen a man manage to kneel without showing a modicum of deference. Truly, quite the feat.”
“Thanks,” Steve said.
“Oh, thank God, it’s Bruce,” Tony said, covering his face with his hands for a moment.  “Bruce, it’s happening. Steve’s…” he waved his hand at the machine.
Steve’s fingers found his hole again, circling gently, then pressing harder at the rim.  Tony was sure he was going to pass out if Steve didn’t fuck him or touch him or
Over his shoulder, Tony heard the soft snick of the door opening.  He turned, and Steve was there, hair damp from his shower and dressed in one of the casual outfits they’d gotten during their shopping trip.  When Steve had changed clothes in front of him, and Tony had timed out of nonlinear partial differential equations somewhere around the time Steve got to PG-13-ville.
Not that he was really considering--was he? Steve frowned, staring up at the ceiling.  Was he? One night. It was
“This is where you tell me he has a great personality, right?” Steve chuckled, taking a sip from his beer.  Craft beer, they called them.  Twenty-seven on tap, or so the sign said.  The future left many things to be desired, but sometimes, it got things incredibly right.
“Ayuh,” Peran huffed.  “Seems we have our tasks in common, then, young sir.  Perhaps we will make a soldier of you, yet.”
“Fine.  Stay down there,” Steve said with a note of exasperation tinging his voice.  “If you’re gonna be like that…just…look, the truth is…the truth is,” he tried again, sucking in a breath, “I wanted what happened last night.  I wanted it, Shellhead, God help me, I did. I’d been thinking about it for a while. About you and…and me. Like, uh. Like that. Well, not like that, exactly, because I didn’t know, but, well.  Is that what you wanted to hear?”
Kirk tossed his head back and laughed, a bright, joyous sound, and smiled widely and fully at Steve.
The case was rectangular. Dark brown plastic, pebbled, except for a shiny, flat strip across the front, which was embossed with three strips of yellowed masking tape, marked in a faint, but elegant black script that Steve would recognize anywhere.
Point was, Brock needed him.  That was the point. He mattered to Brock, of course he did. That was all.  It was just that Tony...Tony could afford to whisk his dates--which Steve wasn’t, of course--off to the Grand Canyon in a private helicopter, and who could compete with that?  It wasn't fair to compare. Though, he thought he honestly would have enjoyed having a hot dog on park bench with Tony just as much.  Tony was...different, that was all.  He just sort of exuded a sense that any time you got to spend with him would be nice.  Probably most people didn’t make you feel like that all the time.
It was slow and achingly beautiful, needy and urgent, all at once, and when they finally came together, it was like something out of a dream, the pleasure so blinding, Steve thought he must have drifted for a while, Tony still fitted inside him.   When it was over, and they lay panting and sweaty in the jumble of bedding, Tony sidled himself against Steve’s side, his hand splayed wide over Steve’s chest. Like a star, Steve thought, though the thought seemed distant somehow. As he lay there, feeling Tony’s heartbeat echo in his chest, he could almost see how everything between them could work, like he was looking at a reflection of them in a coursing river and if he just waited long enough, the image would clear, but it didn’t, and was gone before he could hold onto it.  Like a dream, he thought with bleak misery.
All these thoughts hit him the instant he opened the message, but T’Challa’s ‘
“I’m just saying we—the company, I mean—could do more.  Weapons are our bread and butter.  Well, guns and butter, he, but, whatever,” Tony said.  “I can…I can do something. With the company.  Not now, obviously, but one day.”
“Yep,” Tony confirmed.  He rocked back and forth on his heels and crossed his arms over his chest, then felt stupid, so uncrossed them, letting them dangle at his sides in what, he was sure, was an even worse position.
The other side of the space was devoid of anything except the barest essentials, everything serviceable enough, but nothing
Steve picked at his dinner.  Truth be told, he
The thought seemed to float through his head out of nowhere.  He almost never thought of it, that mad dash of an escape from Schmidt’s fortress.  He was likely only thinking of it now because of Sam’s comments earlier.  That was it, Steve told himself firmly.  He looked up to where the narrow stairs curved onto the landing.  Someone had lit the torches.  He could see shadows dancing on the wall beyond, and thought of Bucky, showing him how to curl and twist his fingers to cast the shapes of animals on the wall.
“It is,” Tony replied, pride echoing in his voice. “What say you, Rhodey? A couple of these with a battalion and the battle will be over before it begins.”
“Do you think that’s what it means to be strong?” Steve demanded, giving Tony a little shake.  “That’s not strength, Tony, that’s armor.  This,” he said, softly tapping his knuckles against Tony’s chest, “is what makes you strong.  The way you care, so damn much.  The way you try so hard to help, to do what’s right, even when it should be impossible.  The way you give and give and try to give some more, I swear, you would give your last breath if you could,” Steve continued.  “It’s your heart that makes you strong, Tony, and yours is the strongest one I’ve ever known.”
He could handle this.  He could handle himself.  He was not going to let this be a problem for repairing the damage to his relationship with Tony.  He could deal.  He could totally deal.
“Our sommelier will have your wine out in a moment, Mr. Stark. The ’47 Petrus, was it?” the maitre’d asked. Tony shrugged and nodded.   Another waiter came by and filled their water glasses, while someone else spun in and dropped a basket of bread on the table, all with practiced grace.  “Excellent choice, Sir.”
Steve looked up at the swirling threads of the canopy where shadows from the fire played, and thought of Fury, asking him to carry the star shield.
“Mr. Stark!” someone shouted from behind them.
Tony tried, willing his body to respond, but he almost jumped as Steve’s hands parted him and the rush of air hit his slickened hole.  Okay, he thought, squeezing his eyes shut.  So, this is it.  Okay, he could do this.  This was fine.  People did this all the time.  Steve would be gentle, Tony told himself.  It might hurt, a bit. The first time.  But, it would be okay.  It would be fine.  Just breathe. Relax and—
“They will be adorable.  Steve, Jr.?  Steiphanne for the girl.  We’re rich white people so it is completely acceptable now to feminize a traditionally male name by deliberately misspelling it.  We can skip the part where we make derisive comments about ethnic names without any sense of irony though,” Tony informed him.  “We’ll have to homeschool, of course.  Get some tutors. Wonder if that Hawking guy is available?” Tony mused.
true now in some indefinable way.  It made no sense, how something could reshape itself like that, become truer, yet it had. It was the steel born from the forge, shaped and hardened into something unbreakable.  “I love you, Tony.”
He liked to watch Steve run.  He liked to watch Steve do a lot of things, but when he would see Tony leaning up against the gray stone sidewall that buttressed the steps, if there wasn’t anyone else out walking their dog or off to catch one of the early trains, if the street was quiet, as it often was, if no cars eased past and no trucks trundled over the potholes that Mrs. Kaczynski wrote her letters to City Hall about, if it was just the two of them, he would stop being Steve for a moment.  He would
“Anyway, we’re supposed to use the pieces to express ourselves, though so far, my feelings tend toward shouting ‘It’s Not a Bowl,’ apparently,” Steve replied.  “I don’t know, I think Sam just wanted to find something that makes me interact with people.  Sometimes it’s hard.  Talking to people who weren’t over there.  But, I have to talk about the glass, what to do and how to do it, or I’m just going to screw it up, so.  So, I try to do that.”
“She has no love for Zola, this I know,” Cam added, scowling a bit.  “When I told her what Zola said, that he would hurt me if you did not cooperate, her face got as red as a beet, and all her freckles disappeared.”
Tony traced the jagged edge of leather where shreds of thread and material dangled haphazardly and realized with a jolt that Steve hadn’t had anything sharp to use.  He rubbed his thumb over it and thought of logs torn apart, a scrape of a shocked, vaguely embarrassed laugh escaping him.  Reading way too much into a little aggressive first aid there, Stark, he thought to himself, though a frown deepened his face as he ran his thumb over the torn piece of dark blue.
“Anyone else think his boggart is all of us sitting around with nothing to do?” Tony asked the room.
“Your transit card. You need to swipe your card to ride, Sir,” the driver responded.
“I’m having another delivered, calm down, the animals will still cross or whatever,” Tony promised with a roll of his eyes.  Tony walked over to where Rhodey stood and grabbed at his shoulders, giving him a small shake. “It’s kismet, Rhodey. Come on.  You can’t fight fate!”
, Tony would be curious.  Tony was brilliant and curious about all manner of things. It didn’t mean anything, Steve told himself firmly, picking the words for his answer carefully.
“I’m just saying, it’s polite.  We’ve been gone, what, like…okay, a little over an hour. Shut up.  He’s stuck there with grown-up Sid or something, I just want to—seriously, you two are no help,” Tony scoffed.
“I think right now, what we both need is a bath,” Tony huffed, drawing Steve from his reverie.
“You—what?” Steve began, then shook his head and glanced away for a moment before looking back at Stark.  “I can’t…you, I can’t keep up.  Is everything always some spiel with you?  Do you rehearse this stuff?”
“Oh,” Steve said, finding himself disappointed. He wouldn’t mind seeing the man again, even if just from far away, but maybe the man would pass through again sometime, and Steve could tell Bucky that he knew the nobleman, who would maybe wave at Steve from atop his fine horse as he passed through town.
“Steve, please,” Steve corrected with a quick smile.  “How about we go inside, and I’ll get lunch set up?” Steve suggested, hefting the bag.
Tony had led Steve to the tall mirror in his dressing room then, letting Steve see himself, as if he knew that Steve needed that.   He didn’t understand why he did. Why it mattered to see the evidence of the night before.  But, Steve remembered the feeling of seeing the marks on his body like a visceral fire lighting under his skin.  Long, red stripes had still been visible across the pale skin of his ass and thighs, though they had begun to settle into bluish bruises.
“So, you know about me,” Steve began as he spread a pat of butter over his toast. “What do you do when you aren’t---uh, working?”
that time in Baja that he refused to talk about.  And Thailand. And Milwaukee of all places. Anyway, point being, he should be far more concerned, and a part of him knew that, but the rest of him...couldn’t seem to care much.  It was the magical finger whammy, he decided. Who had alien sex probe on their Tony Stark Deathwatch Bingo Card? You win! Tony thought, somewhat hysterically.
“Not well,” Steve admitted.   “You really build things? Like an inventor or something? Why am I suddenly picturing Doctor Doofenschmirtz?”
“Sounds good,” Tony agreed, following Steve towards the cabin’s front door.  He stopped long enough to put his hands on his hips, twist a bit and pop his back.  Sleeping in a deck chair wasn’t exactly the best idea, chiropractically speaking.  “There’s some leftovers in the ‘fridge, if you’re hungry.  Don’t panic, I didn’t make them, so they’re edible.  Pretty decent, actually. Coulson had the food delivered while you were—oh.  I guess you probably know that,” Tony amended, catching Steve’s lack of surprise.
Not that if you looked up Healthy Coping Mechanisms in the dictionary it would say, see Stark Comma Anthony, so he wasn’t one to criticize.
He could call his mom.
“If that’s what you want,” Rogers said with a slight frown.  “I thought you might be more comfortable with your folks,” he continued, watching Tony while Tony fidgeted with the dog tags, unsure if he should pocket them or wear them or what.  Was there a protocol for this?  Everything was happening too quickly, and nothing was happening fast enough, like the whole world around him was out of equilibrium.  “But, I—I, ah, have a place.  Outside the base.  Up near Big Bear.  There’s a lake.  Mountains.  Good hiking, fishing, that kind of thing.”
“”Baby!  Baby.  You were a baby,” Tony explained hurriedly when Bruce disappeared from the doorway.  “Because of the magic.  God, I hate magic.  But, baby.  That’s why.  With the cradling thing.”
“You will sleep now,” Tony told him with a slight sigh as he drew a fresh coverlet from the end of the bed up to Steve’s shoulders.  A fond, affectionate smile was trying to find its way onto his face, though he kept trying to purse his lips against it.  “Tomorrow will be a long day.  Save your thinking for then.  Sleep.  Dream.  Good dreams,” he said, the smile wisping away like smoke to something almost sad.  “Not those that plague you some nights. You are free from those things now.  I will fill the rest of your days with good thoughts and your nights with pleasure, and these memories, they will leave you.  And, then…then you will be at peace, I think, and from this peace, there can be happiness.”
Tony absently traced his finger over Steve’s chest.  He could feel the flat disc of the amulet between them.  He liked that for some reason. He drifted. Not sleeping exactly, but not entirely awake.  He wasn’t sure how to describe it. It was good, though. Steve kept touching him. Soft, slow strokes over his skin.  It was soothing, the touch. Steve’s scent. He could smell Steve all over himself now. He’d have to wash, but maybe not all of it.  He would take his medicine, just while they were traveling. When they got to Steve’s home, he would stop. Maybe the Mother would grant him a baby from Steve’s essence.  He would make sure they honored her a lot during the trip, he decided. Or maybe it was spirits that mixed, the way the Clan said. He would be good for Steve, and maybe Steve’s spirit would conquer his, and there would be a child of Steve’s spirit, with Steve’s hair and water-eyes.  Tony would like that.
“Turned out to be Mr. Stark’s new husband,” Tan Suit told him, leaving Stern’s mouth to open and shut a few times as he tried to digest the news. “Can’t talk to him.”
All of this seemed to have started with the Avengers, the talking heads on twenty-four hour news said.  Everything had been fine before superheroes started having intergalactic throwdowns. The world wanted a solution.  Or, if not that, they would settle for their pound of flesh.
Tony gazed down at him, as if considering, then with a quick motion, tore Steve’s shirt in two, leaving it hanging off of him in remnants.  I only have one other, Steve thought to himself, rather hysterically, then stilled as Tony shifted down his body and made short work of getting Steve’s shoes and pants off, leaving him naked, save for what was left of his shirt.  His cock jutted out, hard and red, a line of viscous fluid seeping out of it and down to his thighs.  It throbbed, seeking Tony’s touch, and Steve thought of the way Tony sucked the blood off his finger. Steve’s blood.  He swallowed, or tried to.  A thick knot had formed in the base of his throat, and he could almost feel the exact moment his mouth went dry.
Whatever it was that Steve couldn’t just do—which, if he’d been in a mood to do so, Tony could’ve told Preston was really not a good approach with Steve-- but anyway, whatever it was ended up lost forever, probably somewhere with Preston’s dignity, Tony assumed, since Steve just grabbed the poor man by the shirtfront and tossed him out the open door behind him with a flick of his wrist.  Preston hit the far wall hard enough to make a deep, round indentation in the drywall and splinter the wood behind it.  He sort of just slowly slid down the wall to the carpet below with a wide-eyed stare and his mouth forming an ‘O’ of surprise as he titled over and slumped to the side.
“Uh, you didn’t say, ‘I’ll take Changing the Subject for $200, Alex,’” Tony replied.  “And that was phrased in the form of a complete fabrication instead of a question, so judges say no points for that one.  Care to try another category?  Like, ‘Stuff I Should Probably Tell Tony’?”
“Updated?  You’ll keep me updated?  What the fuck does that--wait—no, what’s going on?  Is he okay? Coulson?  You can’t just—“ Tony objected, feeling his heart drop to his stomach and bounce back up like it was on the end of a yo-yo.  The world in front of him shifted to one side and went fuzzy at the edges.  He reached out and stumbled forward to brace a hand on the door, nearly tripping over the steps.
