the invective aimed at any hapless detective or investigator nearby. To his credit, he barely cracked a smile when Sherlock laid into one technician for moving a piece of evidence one millimeter while photographing it.
There, as expected, stood Mycroft Holmes, bathed in the light of the car’s high beams. John trudged over to him like a sullen, rebellious child and said, “Isn’t it a little
“Well? If he’s my Daddy, so shouldn’t I worry too?” she asked again, blue eyes gazing into silver with such earnestness it melted his heart.
John hung on the column, catching his breath from the blow it had inflicted upon him. Finally, he turned around and snarled, “What’s between Sherlock and me is
“An innocent man was executed because of me,” Sherlock rapped out, obviously upset. One hand shook slightly, rattling the china cup and saucer together.
“How is he today, doctor?” Mycroft asked, solicitously, as he entered the private hospital room containing his younger brother. His eyes darted to the quiet figure on the bed, attended by a worried John Watson.
“Is that what’s going on here? Am I being used as leverage? I noticed your tone changed after he punched me. Quite unlike you.”
John nodded nonchalantly. “As often as I can,” he noted, glibly. Agent Doyle snorted, trying to suppress laughter. “But what did I say…”
at the blow you struck him as soon as my men freed you from the wall. Sorry for stopping you, but I though you were going to
“Why, Mr. Holmes. I have no reason for your presence here. Whatever could you mean?” Her voice sounded shocked but Sherlock knew it was feigned. As she walked closer he could hear the creak of her leather boots and the light slapping sound of a riding crop, Irene’s favorite instrument for conducting her “therapeutic scolding” sessions.
A wan chuckle left Sherlock’s lips. “I guess no good deed goes unpunished, as the old saying goes. I tried to keep her from hurting others but end up being put in the line of fire myself. John,” he reached an arm back and John caught it, interlacing his short fingers with Sherlock’s long, slender ones. His voice was full of pain. “A bullet, a knife wound, being beaten and starved and deprived of sleep—these things I could deal with. What she did to me was—unspeakable.”
Sherlock gritted his teeth and mumbled, “Bossy prat,” as he withdrew, then rammed all the way in, producing a sloppy, splattering slap as they met. He pulled back all of his cock but the tip, then slammed back into his lover’s arse with one smooth motion, eliciting a throaty moan of pleasure from the
“She told me you would be coming, so I saved you some food for you and, of course, your favorite seat,” Angelo said, grinning as well.
Suppressing a laugh, Sherlock said, straight-faced, “Of course not, Fleur! I know you are perfectly competent to bathe yourself! I’m just here to help.”
been before, resting its head on John’s belly. With one hand, he reached down and, cupping it, began to stroke himself off.
Sherlock yelled as he got out of his chair and stomped loudly on the floor, as if coming toward the stairs. A high-pitched giggle was cut off as the upstairs door slammed shut.
come across as being fearless, feckless even, in his day-to-day life, and yet…here, Sherlock couldn’t even
His mind slowly clearing itself of it’s alcoholic shroud, a thought rose to the surface unbidden. Something he had heard Mycroft say at the warehouse. Something that might explain Sherlock’s current state...
This led into another round of particularly heated kisses, accompanied by the kind of unconscious rubbing and squirming that escalated tensions rapidly. At some point, the sheet was nearly ripped asunder as it was pulled out from between their heaving bodies as the desire for increased friction and contact overcame their former intentions.
Once home, the two men put Rosie to bed in her and John’s shared room. She rolled up in her covers and snuffled before settling. Each one bent down to kiss the little golden-haired girl. Then they descended the stairs quietly, careful to latch the gate at the top of the stairs.
think I was trawling for another lover?” He tilted Sherlock’s head so he could kiss those full, still-pouty lips with all the tenderness and passion they deserved. The response was encouraging.
“Papa, why are you giving me a bath tonight?” she asked, her words slurring a little as tiny waves on the surface of the water sloshed against her lips. Her full pout was submerged in bubbles.
A door somewhere slammed open, letting in the tiniest amount of air and light possible. A heavy tread came around a corner. Sherlock strained to see…
“Makes Miss Adler a dull, boring, pathetic little excuse for a human being,” Sherlock finished for her through a haze of pain. He was rewarded by another slap across the face.
He could feel her hand on the small of his back, making little circles with her fingertips. Sherlock always liked to do that whenever they were together and John’s pyjama pants slid down a bit, exposing a hint of bum. He thought about those long, limber fingers, their touch so light and nimble. He would lean over and tease John’s neck with lips and tongue until the universe had narrowed down to just the two of them…
sometimes. I had deleted that information since I requested that he not work on any more of our cases.”
He stood, sporting his own spectacular woodie, which Sherlock seized with great glee and popped into his mouth like an all-day lollie. Those fantastically-talented lips drew gasps of pleasure and entreaties from John’s very core as his cock pulsed and thrust into Sherlock’s mouth until he, too, was a whimpering mess, his cum rocketing down Sherlock’s throat and swallowed down greedily. Sherlock never did seem to have a problem with testing
“Stupid,” John muttered to himself as he wandered through the darkened streets of London, unsure of where he was or where he was going. “I should have accepted that ride back. I got no idea where I am.” He leaned against a street sigh and waved. “Taxi!” he yelled, but several in a row passed him by. He harrumphed to himself in irritation. Sherlock always made it look so easy. Then again, Sherlock is tall, good-looking, and dresses like a toff, so expectations of a good tip are high. John dressed like an everyman who didn’t have an extra pound to buy a pint.
!” she yelled, stamping her foot on the bathroom rug. Her little hands were balled up into fists at her sides. “That’s. Not.
John walked over and knelt down before him. He smiled dangerously into Whitey’s face and said, coolly, “Now, my friends here don’t like you and I’m beginning to see why. So, unless you would like them to teach you some long-overdue lessons on manners, I would suggest you start talking. Where did you take Sherlock Holmes?”
“They have been trading barbs in academic journals for years over protocols for determining provenance," Sherlock explained.  "Just as well we were able to avoid a medical emergency,” he added.
“Well, I had been hoping to make it a bit of a surprise for you,” Holmes said from behind the paper.
I stepped a little closer, but the heat of the fire stopped me from going further.  “I wanted to thank you.”
Greg grimaced.  “Right.  I’ll start at the top gallery, then.”  He pointed at me.  “You look after him, yeah.”
Indeed, Lestrade and I were perspiring before long, although it would have been much worse if the way had not been paved.  The nearest entrance to the graveyard was a short distance from the city gates and a stone path had cut northwesterly from it to a small central shrine.  From there, several other paths radiated outwards to points on the northern side of the cemetery.  We took the one heading due north.
Fortunately, he remained absorbed in his phone, thumb swiping the screen, eyes scanning whatever was revealed there.  He probably didn’t need to read the open book I was certain I was, standing there thinking that I could have used my cane just then for the first time in years.
She shook her head.  “Once he had been there just before I noticed the man, but the loaf of bread I’d been sharing out was finished and I was fussing in my bag to open a packet of bird seed and answering some questions a woman taking photos of the birds had asked me and he swam away.  I looked up and he was all the way to the other side of the pond and then I lost sight of him amidst another group of birds.  I’d hoped he would come back when he saw I was still handing out food, but he didn’t.”
John sighed and burrowed deeper into the folds of his duvet.  He looked smaller, huddled as he was against the cold and other things.
I felt his cock slide into place.  I tensed the muscles of my thighs, released them and contracted them again, falling, without meaning to, into the rhythm of the bells.  He sucked at my neck and his hand returned to my cock more intent in its motions that it had been before.
“Puck remains dazzled by the glamour of the court.  It’s why I didn’t keep him on for the final stage of his apprenticeship,” Mycroft said.  “I wouldn’t have tutored him in the first place if Father had not insisted.  Wrong temperment.  Eventually, Father saw the error of his decision.”
The voices of the guests were lost to us when the driver closed the carriage door.  He mounted the wheel and sprang to his bench atop the vehicle, his seated form lit by the flickering green lights of the carriage lanterns.  He called to his team in a high, sharp voice that carried clearly across the water.
I thought of walking along the locked iron fence of Hyde Park one night and understanding the wind as it swept through the branches.  It had told me my father had died and I had taken out my mobile.  Half a block later the screen had lit up and my mother was telling me the police had been.  The motor accident my father’s drunk driving had been courting for years had finally happened.  “No one else was hurt,” she had said quietly.  “He hit a tree.”
My hand dropped to his shoulder.  I seized on it, gripping hard through the cloth.  “Promise me that whatever dangers the future brings, we’ll face them together.”
Sherlock left his camera to dangle about his neck.  “Quick, John.  It’s time we introduced ourselves.”
The streak grew larger as it glided towards me.  With a flutter, a bird alit on the parapet a metre from my face and presented its sharp-beaked head in profile then turned to regard me.  Its dark, gold-rimmed eyes gleamed.
He does his rituals and injects himself with a decent amount of heroine. However, he didn't realise that the amount he had ended up injecting was more than his usual dosage. He had done this to try to erase all the feelings that he had. Everything was too much. John should be with me, not her. If I hadn't of jumped off that stupid roof, maybe something could of happened. Two whole years, I was gone. I didnt realise how much I effected him. I also didn't realise how much he had moved on.
"Oh, dont pretend to be stupid! You're the smartest man I know so you should've been able to see that I love you-"
By the time he had been thinking about all of this, he had hung up his coat and put down his scarf on John's chair, he looked at it for a while, daydreaming about all of the cases they used to solve together. As he approached his bedroom, a little thought popped into his head.
John sat there, there was an us? I thought he didnt feel any emotions like that towards others, there couldn't have been an us, right?
"Sherlock, what is going on with you? You promised me you wouldn't start using again, I trusted you." John said softly as he looked away from the display that was unfolding in front of him.
Sherlock begins to get impatient and ends up making his room a complete mess but in the process he does find the box.
“That’s true,” I agreed, studying him in turn.  He was a noble study, with his long legs crossed, one hand on the dog’s enormous head, the other resting on the arm of his chair - a commander at his ease.
"Have a rest," Sherlock said, stooping to pick a pebble from the ground.  He stood, tossing it from hand to hand and pivoting slowly.  He peered past us with narrowed eyes as though he would memorise every detail of the terrain as he turned.
I stepped into the cage of the old lift.  I had ridden in it once before when Mrs Hudson had shown me the various cellars.  Sherlock and I had taken the stairs around it to the firing range.
Sherlock lay, nearly prone, along the mossy ground.  He narrowed his eyes at the stars shining through the evergreen branches above him; they appeared to wink in derision at him.  He flung an arm over his eyes.  Music from the nearby clearing reached a crescendo.  Applause and laughter like the tinkling of bells followed hard upon it.  “I can’t believe I let you talk me into this,” Sherlock said.
I shook my head.  “It’s you, playing your violin with your eyes closed, a sumptuous robe the colour of your blue dressing gown falling off your shoulder, down to your elbow, on your bow arm.”
“Glad to help,” John said, turning his head.  One eye was visible over the swell of the pillow.  “I am so very glad to have been able to help.”
“Yes,” I answered and tried not to picture Sherlock because my appreciation would be bound to show on my face.
He stepped around her, set the mug down and turned on the cold tap.  He poured the tea down the drain and refilled the mug with water.
Sherlock walked past me, kissed both his parents’ hands in a demonstration of how it should be gracefully done, and exchanged some quiet words that I could not hear, although I felt sure they were in a language I had not yet learned.
I glanced behind me.  Mr Holmes was crouched now on the opposite side of the room, sliding shallow drawers in and out.
“Well, those were their ideas,” Mrs Hudson said.  “So, what do you say about the marbles?”  She looked over her shoulder towards the hall.  “But maybe we should empty out the jar to check it first, in case there’s something else in there besides marbles.”
Sherlock continued sleeping the sleep of angels amidst the bunched duvets and far flung pillows.  I hooked my leg more firmly across his chest, felt it rise and fall with the sated rhythm of his breathing and drifted, once more, away.
John slid along the bench until he had could see between two moored houseboats and eased the video camera from its case.  He found a comfortable position in which he could hold the camera steady and focussed.  They might be there all night.
“Good morning, dears,” Mrs Hudson said, as she strolled into the sitting room.  “You got a parcel this morning.”  She set the package on the desk next to my laptop, then collected the plate that had held the lemon and poppy seed cake.  “I see this was satisfactory.”
Sherlock had already set down his violin case on the sofa and unlatched it.  “Would you mind if I tried it?” he asked as he lifted his violin to his chin.  “I had the bow re-haired and wanted to test it before taking it away from the shop, but the luthier was in a hurry to close and I didn’t have the chance.”
I put the blueberry in my mouth and cupped my hands to receive them all: translucent and opaque, round or aggregate, red and black, yellow and white.
“Offer still stands,” he crooned, “for you…”  He looked past Sherlock at me.  “…and your little, green man.”  His eyes dropped to the table’s edge and lingered as though he could see through it.  “All this waiting for dancing and electrocuting must have you both on edge.”
“Good, good.  We wouldn’t want to be in Arabia or Khartoum before winter, although Persia in late autumn after Florence and Venice should be pleasant,” Holmes continued.
It flared as I watched, throwing sparks into the darkness, throwing light on the clay walls that carried on down the incline and the stout timbers that divided the clay into sections.   The flames settled.  The walls were lost, once again, to darkness.
She shook her head.  “I can’t believe I haven’t introduced you yet.  He runs Speedy’s.  He’s our tenant, you know.”
Sherlock shook his head.  “For good?  No.”  His eyes flicked to John.  “We agreed to look after a few things while she’s away, but the timeframe is quite open-ended.”  He gestured with the stack of letters he was holding.  “There’s not much to do though.”
With a tad less agility, John followed suit.  “Lots of things we’re likely to see in the morning,” he murmured.
“A new lock of hair in a new piece of jewellery for each anniversary,” Sherlock explained.  “Watch fob, tie pin, ring...”
He seemed unbalanced by the motion.  He righted himself again, his coat flapping open for a moment in the process.
John held it up in one gloved hand.  “So what was supposed to happen after you put me to sleep?” he asked.
John glanced up again.  The circle at the top of the stairs was bright.  “What’s there?” John asked.
Sherlock froze in place. The thought of physical contact was still abhorrent to him after what he had endured. The welts on the front of his body were largely healed, both by time and John’s tender, diligent ministrations, but the memory of the pain and the humiliation were still bright and fresh. He breathed in a steadying breath and released it, then said, shakily, “Yes, of course.”
Ignoring him, John said, in a quiet voice, “There are many different kinds of love, Rosie. Sherlock and I love each others as
The door burst open and a cadre of men boiled into the room. Sergei yelled in surprise as strong hands pulled him away from Sherlock none-too-gently. He let loose a stream of epithets that truly impressed Sherlock as he felt solicitous hands removing his cuffs and re-clothing his lower body.
Anthea shrugged. “Not my area. I fast-forward through that stuff. I’m an expert in reading body language and I can read lips.”
For the entire cab ride, John held Sherlock’s hand only when Sherlock initiated it. He wanted Sherlock to feel his strength, his independence again on his own terms. Every once in a while, Sherlock would reach over and squeeze his hand, and John would squeeze it back, then release, allowing Sherlock the option of withdrawal. Sometimes he did, but other times he didn’t. Occasionally, John reminded his friend to take a deep breath to control his anxiety but, for the most part, the cab ride went smoothly.
“Four times a week,” Sherlock interjects, surprising him. He adds, softly: “You don’t always wake up.”
“It’s about the effect of a cosleeping partner on the quality of sleep and presence of nightmares. Best keep that to yourself, I’m fairly sure we’re supposed to be blind to it.”
John freezes. He can’t help himself, he’s too keyed up. At once Sherlock starts to withdraw, but John stops him with an electrode-covered hand.
“Oh no,” says Dixie. “There’s another lab downstairs that’s more of an office. This is just for running subjects, although you’re right, it’s small. We can only run one at a time. Prisha says if our grants get approved we’ll get the extra space on the other side of chronobio.”
“A sleep lab, John! A sleep researcher has been murdered, and we are going to find out what happened to her.” Sherlock strides through the east entryway of the University College London, and John has to jog to keep up. “It’s a cold case. Well, cooling; just above room temperature. The police have delayed matters with their incompetence not once but twice. First they ruled the case a disappearance, and then they figured the wrong man as the murderer. Why on earth would her boyfriend have tried to convince them it was foul play if he’d done it? Honestly, it’s the minds of the average London policeman that ought to be studied in a lab. The existence of such idiocy truly passes my understanding.”
,” says John, “we can delete it now, and take a cab back to Baker Street, where we can do whatever we like without worrying about being recorded or interrupted or traumatizing a poor, innocent lab assistant.”
“Dr. Reddy.”  Dixie’s expression goes soft as she runs a hand through blonde curls. If she means to straighten them, it has the opposite effect. With the labcoat, she looks a bit like a mad scientist.  “Dr. Reddy’s been so successful, I’m sure she’ll get the grants. And then we’ll have plenty of space, and money for
There’s a sharp bang as the speaker is put down, and then Sherlock is in the doorway, the clipboard in his hand and an expression of great intensity on his face. “John.”
“You pick new ones each time!” John protests, but continues quickly before Sherlock can find a retort. “Wait, I wanted to say something. About earlier.” He stares up at the ceiling as he tries to find the right words. “I’m not embarrassed. By faking a gay relationship, I mean. I was just upset that you didn’t give me any warning.”
After a moment she shrugs. “We ought to get started on the relationship questionnaire. We’ll need a bit of privacy for this. Mr. Hanson, there’s a waiting area down the hall, if you don’t mind.”
Mycroft reached up and, tilting his helmet backwards, removed his faceplate. The austere expression of Sherlock’s older sibling was revealed. He smiled coldly. “True, but I do so enjoy a good reprimand from time to time.” He snorted in derision again. “Besides,
Pursing his lips in thought, Sherlock tried again. “John, if it’s of any comfort to you, when Sergei attempted to rape me, I...thought of
“Aussi bien que possible, je pense, considérant que je me réveille dans un lit d'hôpital, la tête enveloppée de bandage et ne sachant pas comment je me suis retrouvé ici,”
…as his sphincter began to yield. Pressed hard against the wall, Sherlock could only hope his jailer would come quickly and be
Toby growled and hefted his gun. Sherlock looked at him with bored disdain. “Idiot. Go ahead. Can’t make my day any worse.”
, and this is from what little I can see from here, that you have already spoken with the wife and her lover about this murder?”
“Now we can be more honest with each other, eh?” their jailer mocked. “Look at you two; like two birds trussed up for dinner!”
At the crime scene, Sherlock, as usual, astounded and pissed off the detectives at the scene with his rapid-fire observations and deductions. John wrote down everything in his notes, but was frustrated that the interpreter
to return to his emails, but this whole situation niggled at him. It wasn’t like John to get so bent out of shape over something so trivial, something Sherlock hadn’t even been
, if you let them.” He stretched to his full length before rolling onto his stomach and folding his arms under the pillow, his face still turned toward his husband. “Best to let them move into the past and deal with ‘right now’, and ‘right now’, I’m alive and in love with the finest man I’ve ever known.”
I grinned mischievously at him. “Of course. Now, help me move John on out. Each one of you, grab a wrist and I’ll grab his feet.”
rather than an empire,” Sherlock purred. “And might I guess at the identities of our druglord prodigies?”
“Order some takeaway, put on the telly, spend a quiet night in?” John suggested, his voice gentle and amused. He knew what Sherlock had feared to hear.
Sherlock sat down and crossed his long legs, his expression defiant. “I told your daughter nothing, John. Those were all her surmises.”
John looked up helplessly into the face of his lover’s anger, trying to figure out what to say. His brow creased in thought for a few moments, then he said, reasonably, “Sherlock, you’ve never had a problem with this before, so what’s different now?”
Lestrade was beginning to look a bit unwell, but John vigorously typed in the words “trumpet *” and “paralysis”, which had been one of the victim’s symptoms, into the search function,. The display changed to reveal a synopsis bearing a full-color image, the words “trumpet flower”, and a listing of “symptoms of trumpet flower poisoning”, which included “headache, nausea, diarrhea,...with possible complications including death, paralysis, shock...”
Resting his head against the wall, Sherlock gusted out a breath and said, with conviction, “You are worth
him. There was also a healthy dose of arousal thrown into the mix. Sherlock’s mercurial eyes darted around the room, then back to John, as if looking for some way to explain...
, John. The culprit and his drunken cohorts have been rounded up and interrogated. Seems that one of them decided, after having found a hard rubber ball lying on the street, that throwing it at the police would be somehow amusing. Unfortunately, he was a former star pitcher on his uni team and had quite the arm. His intended target moved at the last moment, so the projectile struck Sherlock in the left side of his head…,”
His chest, abdomen, and the front of his thighs displayed an interlacing of long, thin welts, criss-crossing like the lid of a cherry pie. Sherlock’s teeth ached from the non-stop clenching to keep himself from screaming. He would
“We’ll need a distraction,” Sherlock observed. “Why don’t we send the Doggo out to shit on one of the Storm Troopers? That would do it.”
“God help London with you lot investigating crimes! Look at the amount of blood on his shirt! Check out the angle! Look at the bloodstains on the pavement! The shot was from on high, and he was still alive when he staggered into traffic in front of the first car! Don’t you see it? Do I have to spoon-feed you the evidence before you go home and have your mummy wipe your face?”
Sherlock sank down into his chair and sighed, emotionally spent. John went to their meager bar and poured each one of them two fingers of good scotch whiskey, handing one to Sherlock before sitting down in the chair opposite him.
He watched as Sherlock chewed on a forkful of food, his face thoughtful and his eyes far away. “I don’t know. I may. As long as I can work from here, I don’t see a problem with it.” He returned his gaze to John. “What do you think?”
“Yes,” Sherlock nodded. “Give me the phone. I will call M on his secret line and arrange for him to come here for a meeting.
between them until someone nearby started screaming. They turned around in time to see a young woman in a two-piece bathing suit stand up, wringing her hands, as bright red blood spurted from a wound in her left shoulder. She dropped as if pole-axed.
Quizzical silver eyes rose to meet his. “Then what was this morning all about? And why were you looking at women in their underwear on your laptop?” he asked, his tone still a bit truculent.
Sherlock’s eyes had a faraway look in them for a moment, then they snapped back to John. “Yes,” he said, emphatically, with a single nod. “Yes. I want to. Show me what to do.”
Lestrade followed him, watching carefully and with concern. “John, I know you haven’t been yourself, lately. Maybe you need to speak with someone…”
John nodded, pursing his lips in thought. “Sounds about right. So what can I do to help him recover?”
bedroom—and retrieved a comforter from the bed. They had had to layer covers lately due to the unusually cold weather, so he took the smaller one, not the queen-sized one Sherlock usually kept on the bed. He would have lost the man in that one.
,” he responded, sprinkling their conversation with bits of different languages to increase her multi-linguistic capacities. He had read extensively about methods to increase a child’s intelligence, and multi-linguistic training was a part of that. He refused to talk to her like a child, thinking it was insulting and demeaning to the child. Instead, he talked to her as he would talk to John.
“So did you,” came the lifeless response. Still no direct acknowledgment of John’s presence. “Love, honor, cherish, all that uplifting language...you promised you would communicate with me, that you’d let me in, let me help you, let me be a part of your inner life. That’s not working out very well, is it?” Sherlock finally lifted his head to peer up at his husband. “’Go find someone else’, you said. ‘Don’t I get a say in this?’, you said. Well, John, don’t I?” His eyes were piercing.
Before long, her breathing had quieted and she lay, tired and comforted, against Sherlock’s chest. John knelt in front of them, holding Rosie’s small hand in his, trying to tell her jokes to brighten her up. Sometimes they worked and she’d emit a tiny giggle, but other times she would just say, “Oh, Daddy, that’s silly” in an exhausted voice. Sherlock watched them both fondly.
A small, tender hand touched his face. His eyes opened. Rose whispered, “I’m sorry, Papa. I wish I could punish those bad people who hurt you.”
The meals came, each one receiving his favorite dish. It didn’t matter, of course. Sherlock always ate off of John’s plate so, in order to have enough nourishment, John had to eat off of Sherlock’s. Rosie giggled as they picked pieces off of both plates, sometimes mock-dueling with forks to do so. Before long, the atmosphere had lightened a bit as the two men interacted with the small child in their midst, and each other, until Rosie began to obviously sag, almost falling into her empty bowl of melty gelato.
In the softest voice he could manage, Sherlock murmured, “John? Are you still in there?” while poking him gently in a non-bruised area of his chest.
Definite interest this time, as the comforter over his face was peeled down and a blinking Sherlock emerged. “Tim Tamms, you said?”
“Ah,” Sergei grunted. Sherlock strained to see his facial expression in the pitch blackness. He suspected that his jailer was more than just a
A full-blown technicolor image with stereophonic sound blasted through my brain. In it, John Watson, looking worn and haggard, was inserting bullets into the clip of his gun with shaky fingers.
“Stop it,” John commanded, angrily. The other Sherlockian eyebrow rose. “We’re not going there. That’s a non-issue and you know it.”
“Hmm? Oh, I’m fine, mia dulce,” he said. “Just a passing thought.” He stood and leaned over, effortlessly picking up the child and setting her on his hip. “Time for bed.”
“If it’s anything but a B-flat, I’m not interested,” Sherlock mumbled, as he flopped his pillow over his head. He’d gotten rather used to sleeping on his stomach since the sunburn.
A little, strangled “shit” wafted its way from behind the book. John stared at Sherlock like a hunter at his cornered prey.
Everyone’s already-shocked faces swung away from me and toward the officer, who looked stunned. “Me? I didn’t do nothing...”
“Bastard. Anyway, Agent Doyle just called me to tell me about your little Disney World romp. Who’d you rile up this time?”
“It’s good to be home,” Sherlock stated as they dropped their luggage on the floor of 221B Baker Street.
“Welcome back,” a mellifluous voice said. A tall figure sat facing the fireplace, long legs stretched toward the warming glow. There was no movement, not even a head turn.
Whitey just stared at John with a poorly-disguised sneer on his face. “You mean that skinny scarecrow in th’ long coat? Wuzzat ‘Sherlock ‘Olmes?’ Ai wuzzn’t given no name, just a place ta pick ‘im up an’ bring ‘im in, me an’ my bud. Got paid real good for it, too.” Suddenly his face clouded over as he remembered, “But that little ‘ore took me wallet! I’ll skin her alive when I get me ‘ands on ‘er!”
John smirked at him. “Well, I was so turned on by the thought that you were sitting there, buck naked under that sheet, that I had a hard time paying attention to
this, pretty man?’ he said in Sherlock’s ear. “Maybe your friend liked this, too, with you, or are you virgin?
Sherlock stopped his progress just long enough to watch as Mori-wan Iarty vanished into the ether. He shook his head.
to do right now is just hold you,” he kissed Sherlock’s lips, “and kiss you” then his nose “and tell you” then his forehead “how empty my life would be” then his uninjured cheek “without you in it” and back to his lips again, taking full possession of them this time. Sherlock’s arms slid around John’s body, holding him as close as humanly possible. Their legs intertwined as they kissed and nuzzled each other, the sheet providing a layer of chastity that neither one seemed to mind.
He heard her walk toward where he assumed she had set up the camera. “Don’t think I’m done with you yet, Sherlock. There are just so-o-o many other things I’ve been wanting to do to you and they should all be immortalized on video, don’t you think?” her voice drifted back. “Hmm, plenty of memory left. You know, I shouldn’t be greedy. I should space this out, make it last. When I’m done with you, Sherlock, you will know what it feels like to be beaten. Oh, not like last time—that was just a taste. You’ve just had the appetizer. Dinner will be much more filling.”
Sherlock smiled as he accepted the passes. “Thank you, sir. Your company is not at fault for the actions of a ruffian who was directing ill intentions toward my husband and me. I’m sure we will have a very good time. Come, John,” he said as he turned and walked out of the security office with a confused and angry John in tow.
It took about half an hour before John returned downstairs, walking directly to the kitchen table where he had deposited a bag full of Indian food in take-away boxes. Sherlock said nothing, but his iron eyes followed John’s every move from his chair in the parlor
as he danced, his hips circling, his shoulders rolling, his whole body sinuous and snaky yet his movements strangely
not, do something so heinous to your daughter. You are afraid of your own anger, I know that, but you need to be open, with me and with yourself, about your past traumas and confront them, let them out into the light. Once that is done, they will hold less power over you. I will help you.” He smiled. “I think Rosie will, too, when she’s old enough to understand...”
He’d done it before, he realized. Had a good thing going and then done something to screw it up.  Sarah, for example, and every girlfriend he’d met since. He’d had a nice relationship going with each of them, then fucked it up by saying or doing something stupid. Self-sabotage; story of my life. Screw yourself over because you don’t deserve to be happy. You don’t deserve to have nice things. You don’t deserve to have Sherlock...
“EXCUSE ME,” the Security Guard cut in, politely but firmly, “We have everything on video. I am going to have to report this to management and they may want you to leave the park immediately…”
wasn’t the one running away from my past by incessantly dating and staying at work until all hours...”
“So, Sergei, you said you want to get back into the network again. What, exactly, are you looking for?”
“Unlike you, you lying bastard,” John reprimanded him. “Telling me you were a ‘high-level sociopath’ for all those years...and I was stupid enough to believe you, in spite of every clue to the contrary!” He thumped down his glass in disgust.
Lestrade backed up to the sofa and sat down slowly. “That sounds...incredible and ridiculous, all at the same time.”
“Bullshit!” John spat. He leaned forward, accidentally dislodging his daughter from his lap and dumping her to the floor. She squawked as she fell on her bum and Sherlock surged forward to pick her up, only to have John swat him away. “
how dangerous I can be when left to my own devices...” He rose to his feet, hauling a rubber-legged John up with him. “Come on, John. Don’t make me carry you.”
, even though they would only spend a short time in jail. Maybe it would make them reconsider their path. Maybe not. I rather doubt it, to be honest. Once blood has been shed, there is no going back.”
“All right, then. Gents,” John addressed the men as he rose to his feet and started holstering his gun in his pants once again. “Will everyone please take a limb and we’ll carry this buggerer…”
been this physical with him before, except for that crazy time in the morgue when Sherlock had been off his head on drugs. In truth, their lovemaking
, John, like the solar system. Unnecessary data, to be filed or discarded.” He looked down , uncertainly, before continuing. “My
his way through the kitchen, moving like a jungle cat on two feet, his hips swaying seductively, footfalls silent, jewelry chiming. As the high-pitched, nasal music continued (“It’s called
John was currently out on a date. He had left Rosie in Sherlock’s able care and picked up a young lady he had met in the Tesco a few days before, and they went out for an early dinner and a movie. Sherlock had smiled and waved as they left, John wearing his “dating shoes” and best shirt and jumper, but his heart was bleeding tears. Rosie waved happily, too, still covered in mud and clinging to Sherlock’s trousers.
I shook my head and shouted “NO!” If John had known I was there, he would have shaken his head, smiled, and said, “That’s Sherlock. Always resisting the inevitable.”
,” Sherlock affirmed, his mind already turning over possibilities. He extended his senses as far as they would go, taking in every sound, scent, waft of air...all of it, in an attempt to figure out his current situation. The information provided was disappointingly meager.
John repositioned himself so that his extremities were tucking the comforter around Sherlock. “I am creating an anti-depression sushi roll.”
“Yes. Yes, all right. We’ll be right there,” Sherlock said as he repocketed his phone. John grabbed his arm. The look on his face said everything.
Sergei paused for a moment, glaring down at John, before he released his neck and backhanded his face. “
what you were doing in the flat before you left?” she retorted, anger bubbling just below the surface of her words. “It looked, to me, like you were about to hit him!”
John fell back into his chair in shock. “That’s it? I cheat and you kill yourself? How is that fair, Sherlock?”
“That’s why we’re a team, love,” John said, in his sincerest manner. “We look after each other. I’m just sorry it took so long for me to find you.” He quietly cursed everyone and everything that had cost him time that day. “I was ready to use the Sig to rearrange Whitey James’ face that day, one sector at a time, if he wouldn’t tell me where you were. We were all ready to take him to a nice, isolated part of town for just that reason when he finally cracked.”
Reaching blindly for the lube, John set about preparing his lover. As Sherlock had stated earlier, it did, indeed, require three fingers, and a lot of lube, to make John’s entry into a pleasurable proposition. Sherlock gasped as John penetrated his initial defenses, along with the >pop<-like closure of the sphincter around John’s ample crown.
Sergei laughed. “Yes, I could see how you would need a fool to run your errands and give you admiration, Dmitri...oh, excuse me,
“More...go deeper,” John commanded, his eyes mostly closed as he reveled in the sensation of having his lover buried deep inside of him.
“Shut it, you!” the merciless John shouted back, redoubling his efforts. His poor, beleaguered victim could do nothing but submit to the heinous act, gasping and panting until, finally, he completely collapsed with a muffled howl of surrender and an expelling of certain bodily fluids. This spurred John on, his thrusting blows hitting Sherlock’s most sensitive areas again and again until, with a curse against his helpless and hapless captive, John emptied himself of all wrath and ire into the unresisting body of his victim.
John acted as though he had heard nothing until a bullet whizzed over his head and embedded itself in the floor. Predator and prey both looked up, astonished, as Mrs. Hudson gestured, two-handedly, with John’s pistol.
of you are out of your minds,” he finally said. He removed a card from his pocket and handed it to John. “Here, this has my cell number on it. Use it if something comes up.” He stared at john as he said, “I’m giving it to
into the air. At that point, John knew that a kiss and a declaration of love went a long way toward resolving the issue.
A glimpse of a long, dark coat swirling around a corner sent John scurrying after it. Damn him, he’s been following me! Can’t even let me be miserable in peace! He was furious. I don’t need him babysitting me! I’m competent! I’m self-reliant! I’m…
, let alone speak. “Sherlock!” When he received no response he grabbed a handful of lush, tangled hair and pulled back on it, forcing Sherlock to raise his head and interrupting his concentration.
I wish I had had more time to observe the transition but, in practically no time, I found myself standing on an expanse of the greenest green I had ever beheld. It didn’t even seem to be a color I could
“He thought this would be easy, otherwise he wouldn’t have taken the job. Little did he know…” Doyle chuckled to himself as John cleaned off his shirt.
John nodded somberly. “And don’t allow yourself to become the battered spouse, you hear?” He touched Sherlock’s cheek again, tenderly. “You...are the world to me. You and Rosie. Save yourselves from me, because I don’t deserve either one of you.”
John got the hint. He did, however, consummate their relationship in his old bed, not mine, where he usually slept. This made me laugh because John always was the more morally-upstanding of the two of us, and that didn’t change over time. John even admitted it to me one evening, when he had been drinking, that he felt as though he would be cheating on me, despite my apparent approval. I squirted him with the lime in his drink.
“Calm down, you’re not impressing anyone,” John said, tired of the brute’s futile posturing. “I haven’t got time for this. You will tell me, right now, where you have taken my friend and who paid you to abduct him.”
Sherlock shoved past John and out into the hall, where he almost ran into Lestrade. “Who the hell are you?” he snapped.
with the lack of food and water, and things were beginning to spin out of control, more so than before.
I waited, waited for the next verbal coaxing. It didn’t come. Instead, I heard what sounded like a choked sob, muffled and subdued, as if the person was embarrassed to be expressing such a mundane sentiment.
“A source has informed me that your practice is dwindling but you haven’t seen fit to tell me. You take long walks and, knowing you, longer lunches to pass the time,” Sherlock explained, without heat.
He listened carefully, then thanked the speaker and thumbed the phone off. “Well, John, it seems that Disney Security is better at some things than Scotland Yard. They have captured the man who attacked me and are currently holding him for the FBI. Shall we join them, or let Agent Doyle do the heavy lifting on this one?”
John turned away. He couldn’t meet those steel gray eyes that could see right through him most of the time but couldn’t see the kind of hurt that lay deep below the pleasant manner and iron resolve of one John H. Watson.
The inspector continued. “And the package the victim, a courier, was carrying was filled with some secret papers and patents that would have been worth millions on the black market, yet they were just left lying there, removing the idea that this was an industrial espionage crime.”
did.” He stood back, hands clasped in front of him, and stated, simply, “No one judges here. If I wanted to wear a Ziegfield Follies costume around, I could and no one would say a word. It’s
He finally reached the high street and recognized where he was. He knew the way to Baker Street; he also knew the way to the pub where he had left Della. Doubt she’s there anymore, and, if she was, why would she want to have anything to do with me? I’m nothing. Without Sherlock, I’m nothing.
As he withdrew, John noticed a small boy in the seat in front of them staring back at them with wide eyes. He then turned around and declared, to his mother, that the short man in the back seat had touched the tall man in a ‘not-good place’, and wasn’t that supposed to be a bad thing? The mother turned around and gave them a dirty look before she said, “You should both be ashamed of yourselves! In front of a child…”
John shook his head, his mouth straight-lining. “Sherlock, love, I don’t understand most of what you’re saying. Uni was a long time ago, and I only took a year of French anyhow.”
says please. It’s an event when he does. The man has so little understanding of common human interactions…
.” She leaned forward. “Do you know why I accepted their money?” She looked between John and Sherlock, in query. They both shook their heads ‘no’. “Because, that way, there would be a money trail. If necessary, they could be brought to justice through
“Can I effect physical change in this state?” I probed, wondering at the sudden sense of misgiving that had overtaken me. “Can I
threats, familial or no.” The voice was gentle, sincere. “I’ve had someone following you for most of your adult life, keeping me apprised of both potential
Through the agony he could hear Irene’s voice next to his ear, dripping with hate. “You destroyed my life, Sherlock, you and that filthy brother of yours. I had everything—a thriving business, a beautiful home, wealth, influence--and you took it all away with one keystroke! You just had to win, didn’t you? You just had to prove how
.” He could almost hear her sardonic smile as she stood beside the bed. “Not at the present time, my dear Sherlock. Let’s just say it’s in someone’s best interests that you be here and leave it at that.” He felt her gently apply the riding crop to his clavicle and then proceed to drag it down the length of his body, stopping just short of his groin. “My, my…where some people dress up nicely, I must say that you…
“He’s calling me names again. Blames me for the fact he is here,” Sherlock lied with great facility. “We don’t always get along, as you can see.”
fun today! Maybe we can do it again sometime!” Irene’s maniacal laughter faded away until there was only the sound of John’s rather colorful language. Someone was crawling on the floor toward the bed.
John put on his long-suffering face and crossed his arms as he looked up at his husband. “Look, I’ve always wanted to come here, just to see what it was like…”
John could have jumped out of the bed screaming in joy, except for the fact that he couldn’t move. Not an inch.
“Anything, you useless cockwomble! The evidence is in his right trouser pocket, alongside his keys. And some fool has kicked the parcel the man was carrying to the kerb right over there. Didn’t even consider including it as evidence! Is this an investigation or a three-ring circus?” I yelled, John’s voice beginning to crack from the strain.
John stopped moving and turned his head, first toward Rosie, then toward Sherlock, with an expression that was an open question mark. “Papa?” he asked, blandly.
Sherlock smirked internally. He began to sink slowly downward on the well-greased pole penetrating his arse. Vaguely, he could hear John groaning, as if in pain.
She gave him a warning look. Sherlock ignored it. “Why would you do this, Rosie? You scared your daddy and me half to death!”
I saw John’s eyes fill with tears. “Love you, too. Wish I’d told you then, but now will do as well, I guess.”
John tentatively touched Sherlock’s cheek, stroking the sharp cheekbone gently before smearing away a couple of tears that had escaped Sherlock’s normally iron control. “I know you’re not perfect, Sherlock. I’m not asking you to be...”
Sherlock kissed John’s ear and said, “An imprecise science. The only way to negate the past is to confront it and remove its power to harm you. You did that for me.”
John hailed a cab and gave the cabbie address. Finally, at least he had a direction to go in. Something nasty was chewing at his gut and he wasn’t feeling too good about it.
, all green palms and sun-drenched colors surrounding a pool full of turquoise water, and the strip of beach beyond, where the breakers made for a panoramic vista only found on carefully photographed post cards. The gentle breeze and the distant sound of the surf were wonderfully calming and filled John with a contented lassitude.
John stopped moving. His mouth twisted in that way he had before delivering a particularly scathing comeback. Sherlock prepared himself. Instead, John extended his chin in a familiar way and said, “No, this is all freshly-prepared. I even brought you the tikka masala you like.”
John and Lestrade, who had obviously just about given up hope of receiving any more messages from me, looked at each other wide-eyed as I said the single word “Trumpet”  through the GetBox.
The bruiser stirred and sat up, taking in his surroundings. One of the men in the ring stepped in to rifle his pockets, disregarding his noisy protests. In one of his pants pockets he found Sherlock’s phone, which John had had engraved for him after they had started dating as a gift. Sherlock never let it out of his sight after that. The man wordlessly handed it to Wiggins with a kind of reverence, and Wiggins passed it on to John.
John hugged him tightly with all his appendages. “Oh, God, no, Sherlock! You are the very opposite of a failure! Everyone makes mistakes!”
“Not at all, Agent Doyle,” Sherlock replied, smoothly, walking toward then like a jungle cat stalking a rodent. “You see, I am here with my
The younger agent’s face spoke volume, but Agent Doyle was unfazed. “I remember you mannerisms, Mr. Holmes, and I am
There was silence as I tried, again, to move my recalcitrant body. There. A twitch of a finger. A wiggle of a toe. Bit by bit, I worked to reclaim my body, listening, all the while, to the enlightening exchange going on at my bedside.
After an evening of arguments and poor decisions, John and Sherlock have to clear the air before they can find their own peace...
tolerate that. I would die in my own way, with the clandestine assistance of my physician and the support of my family and friends.
Mycroft sighed. “Ah, well, if we must.” He looked behind him and gestured to someone before walking through the portal. He was followed closely by Lestrade, who grinned widely when he saw me.
Sherlock worked his lips in and out before replying. “You know damned well I don’t eat until you come back. What are these, the leftovers from your lengthy lunch?”
“Got it!” John crowed in triumph. I grinned, so proud that my John had obtained his answer so quickly. I may have called him an idiot at times, but, in reality, I knew better. “Greg, tell Molly to run a test for...” he clicked on the link and read the text presented, “‘solanine’ or ‘solanadine’, both of which are highly toxic.”
, present but invisible, grabbed me by the waist and unceremoniously yanked me through the doorway. I had always said that I would go out kicking and screaming and, sure enough, I did. It felt like I had just been slingshotted down a long corridor of light, completely unable to check my movement in any way. It was a
.” John closed his eyes and rubbed his cheek against the whip-marked skin. “I’m going to take care of you, Sherlock. You and me against the world, remember?”
understand! You keep going out with nasty ladies who treat you wrong and make you angry while Papa stays home with
Sherlock sighed. “Unfortunately, yes, John, I do. This is Sergei, the man who bestowed upon me so many badges of honor during my imprisonment in Serbia.”
He looked in the living room for Sherlock but the place was empty, so he bent to the task of putting away the groceries.
“What the hell did you think you were doing?” John challenged. “You scared the shit out of everyone, me included!” He strode around the room, gesticulating angrily, pointing to empty air.
“How’d your date go?” Sherlock inquired as he turned back to watch the flames that danced perilously close to his perfectly-kept Oxfords.
“Ah, pity, but I had to try,” Mycroft observed, ruefully, as he re-situated his faceplate and loudly ordered, “Resume duties!” The bridge sprang back into life and the guards gathered around Sherlock again. “Escort this prisoner to the dock. Maintain careful watch; this one is tricky.”
John stared. Sherlock could almost see the cogs in his brain moving through the unshuttered windows of his eyes. Disconnections being reconciled, traumatic memories and compassion battling heartfelt wishes...so many permutations going on behind those blue irises.
He blinked as his eyes adjusted to the light. With his other hand he rubbed his eyes as he walked into the kitchen, not thinking to look…
The two men smiled at each other. “Yes, I think we can,” John replied as Sherlock gestured for the bill.
“Yes, I noticed. I took full advantage of you. Your pregnancy test should be positive any day now,”   Sherlock deadpanned.
skeptical. “So it would be of no great importance to you if I were to simply kill him and dispose of the body, eh?”
Rosie splashed joyfully in the old, enameled, four-footed tub in the bathroom of 221B Baker Street. It was the only full bath in the flat that John Watson and Sherlock Holmes shared, so it doubled as a bath and shower. The circular-track shower curtain was pulled aside for the purpose of giving Rosie a good scrubbing, since she had decided to fall face-first into a sloppy puddle in the park earlier in the day. Sherlock had tut-tutted about it and whisked her home for a hot bath and a not-so-stern warning about catching all sorts of diseases from stagnant water. Rosie giggled and splooshed water at him, resulting in his carefully-coiffed hair hanging in ringlets over his face and his ascetic face breaking into an indulgent smile.
“God, you’ve got the neck of a swan,” he murmured as he tongued along the long muscle on the side, a place that Sherlock was especially fond of. He could feel the suction of John’s lips, along with the little bites he bestowed upon the pallid flesh. Sherlock didn’t even care that he was leaving a mark; after all, he was John’s, and John could mark him as his own any time he wanted. Sherlock considered it a badge of honor.
Lestrade shrugged nonchalantly. “Okay, whatever you say.” He looked around, anxiously. “Where’s that Mori-wan Iarty guy? Did we lose him somewhere?”
“I agree,” John said as he helped Sherlock regain his feet and watched as he carried her down the steep stairs to the parlor. There, he sat down with the shivering bundle of child in his lap, stroking her hair and murmuring soft words to her, explaining how lightning and thunder work and how she should remember that the lightning she sees has already passed her and the thunder is just air filling the space where the lightning had been. She began to calm, gulping air as she sobbed. John got her a glass of water, which she sipped in between crying jags.
“Shut it, you,” John replied, his voice soft and loving. He leaned down to kiss his husband’s shock of curly hair before Sherlock repositioned himself on his side, head supported by one arm. “You have never,
Mycroft’s face assumed his most supercilious look. “Well, for one thing, it scares the living hell out of the troops but, other than that, have you ever lived on a spaceship with thousands of other people and limited access to bathing facilities? It can become quite ripe in here, even with the recycling systems going full blast. And you know how I’ve always felt about germs!”
. He said you two had had an argument, that you were leaving him and didn’t love him anymore. Mycroft got me out of a nice warm bed to come find you and bring you back.” Her sideways glance at him was venomous. “It’s a good thing you came to your senses in there.”
“Not long at all, actually. I just put on some tea. Would you like a cuppa?” John asked, solicitously.
“New stripes, new thread attaching them. All the other ones are older and of a slightly different design,” Sherlock replied, as if bored by the conversation.
Mycroft smiled and patted his younger brother on the shoulder. “I wish I knew the answer to that question
The smile dimmed a little. “You really don’t have to ask anymore, John. I know you worry but I’m doing much better, I really am.”
“And you even accused a cop of stealing! My God, Sherlock…!” John continued, his ire attaining new heights.
Sherlock didn’t even pretend to be affronted. In fact, there was a wisp of a smile playing around his full lips. “Thank you for your concern, Agent Doyle, but what could
“And I’m not one for blaming the victim, so there you have it,” Sherlock finished for him. He sipped his scotch just as the rain began sheeting against the window. Lightning flashed, followed by a dull boom, indicating the storm was still quite a distance away. “Ah, our storm has arrived.”
Ella pulled at her lower lip as she pondered this last bit of information. Then, “This may sound like an odd question, but please humor me.”
“Now, Sherlock, it is time I make another example, eh? You first. Then, we try again. If it doesn’t work, then your friend.” He grinned in perverse anticipation.
He sat up on the side of the bed, all long body, arms and legs. “Hmm, good point. I can’t lie on my back yet, even though my front is perfectly healthy, as you can see.”
She dropped her arms and moved to the side of the tub, almost nose-to-nose with Sherlock. She whispered, “He said he was going to stall for a while and hope it all blew over.” Her head cocked curiously. “What does ‘stall’ mean? Isn’t that where they keep horses?”
Whitey’s complexion was beginning to resemble his name. John continued, still smiling. “And then,” he moved the gun to the side of Whitey’s cheek, pointing inward, “I’ll blow off your nose and sinuses, maybe your eyes, too. I’m not sure. I might save those for later.” John took a moment to lay a hand companionably on Whitey’s shoulder before continuing. “And you know what the best part of it is? You’ll still be alive while I’m doing it. You see, in Afghanistan, I saw
The doctor stepped forward and raised a finger for attention. “If I may…” and waited. When John and Mycroft turned to face him, he continued. “I believe I may have a possible answer. Due to the diffuse nature of the injuries to his brain, some of the bleeds must have occurred near or in a vital language center. If Mr. Holmes,” he nodded his head toward Sherlock, “knows multiple languages, some linguistic connections may have been corrupted or rerouted, causing him to use a secondary language as means of expression when the primary is unavailable.”
“God!” It was Sherlock who had sat down. His voice was coming from a lower position. “I may have a reputation for being tactless, Mycroft, but even I can’t imagine how to put a good spin on
“NO!” she all-but-shouted. “I’m angry that Daddy broke your date and hasn’t come home in time to take you out and I wanna know
Sherlock nodded as he walked, cuddling the unconscious child against his chest. She was drooling on his coat. He didn’t care.
John and Sherlock exchanged alarmed glances as they scampered around the flat, then around the entire building, searching for any spot that might be accessible to a small child. They found nothing.
“Now, wasn’t that easier than a Sig Sauer facial? Good boy,” John said as he clapped his hand on the thug’s shoulder and got up. As he started walking away, Wiggins caught up with him.
John slammed his palm on the top of the dresser, rattling anything loose on its top. Sherlock started, finally looking up at John, still chewing his lip delicately. He lowered his phone and rested his elbows on his knees. “You’re demented,” he said, slowly and with careful enunciation.
Bracing himself for the next onslaught of blows, Sherlock was surprised to hear what sounded like a battering ram slamming into a wall in the front room. Once. Twice. Thrice.
she went to the loo and spent a half-hour there Facebooking her friends about her lousy date with a short guy with no personality...”
John laughed out loud at the story and Sherlock grinned in shared amusement. “So you end up at the Palace in lacy women’s underwear! Good God!” He laughed so hard that tears actually started running down his cheeks. Sherlock just sat there and watched him, always loving to see “his John” laugh.
“I am in no need of your services, so I don’t quite understand why I’m here, let alone why I am rather expertly,” he yanked at his bindings in demonstration, “trussed up and
John slid down the seat laughing. The woman in front cast a poisonous look back at him and muttered something under her breath.
, the rubbing of their bollocks and cocks together out-of-this-world. John kept his eyes on his lover as he slipped Sherlock’s cock out from under his long-tailed shirt and bracketed it with the tails of his spangly purple belt. The sight was arousing beyond belief.
John smiled and said, “Yes, we are. We’re in one of the cabana rooms. You can leave a message for us at the front desk, as we may be in and out during the day.”
John looked up, catching a sudden tone to his husband’s voice. He knew it; Sherlock had noticed something out-of-the-norm. “Maybe they heard we were just married…”
, Sherlock. If you weren’t flying about the galaxy trying to take down the Empire, we wouldn’t have to have these little “family get-togethers” so often. I enjoy them about as much as you do,” Mycroft sniped back.
“Of course,” Sherlock shrugged in his massive coat, his face impassive except for a tightness around his mouth, which always showed his impatience. “They could have seen the same things I did, if they had bothered to look. Idiots. I can explain my methods until Moriarty rises from the grave and they would
Sherlock’s silver eyes opened and he gazed down into his lover’s huge, blue-slate ones, which were brimming with emotion. He could feel John’s hands on his arse cheeks, lightly rubbing in circles with an occasional slow squeeze thrown in for good measure. He smiled down, feeling a bit more relaxed as John leaned in to kiss and nibble on his shoulder and neck.
John began to kiss his husband’s neck as he slid their cocks together between them. In between kisses and toothy nips on that exquisitely pale expanse of throat, he murmured, “You’re wrong, love. You’re… beautiful… gorgeous…sexy…breathtaking…amazing…” as he used mouth and hands to stimulate his lover’s body. Sherlock’s eyes were half-closed, his swollen lips parted, his hips rolling against his lover’s. John could feel both of their cocks growing longer and thicker, Sherlock’s easily catching up to John’s previously turgid member. Warm dampness eased the movement between them while increasing the growing sensations in both their groins.
John swallowed with difficulty as he continued, “They called the Child Protective Services in to evaluate our home. Dad lied, Mum said nothing, and I was threatened with physical violence if I told. They said that, without physical evidence, they couldn’t do anything.” His voice caught. “Even my broken arm was written off as a sports accident. They
“Sherlock, come on!” John cried out as he ran back to grab Sherlock’s arm and drag him to the ship. Once inside, Lestrade and Toby fired up the engines and, without the tractor beam to hold them, shot out into space and jumped to hyperdrive, just as Sherlock asked, “Is there an air freshener in here?”
Finally, she opened her eyes and said, “Sherlock suffered from a form of PTSD caused by a traumatic loss of control. From everything you’ve ever told me, your friend prides himself on his self-control, his ability to control his circumstances or to recover control when it is wrested from him. He has suffered torture before and was able to cope with it because he felt that he still had some modicum of control over his situation. Here, his intellect and talents were of no use to him. He was disempowered, belittled, and abused for the amusement of another. This may have stimulated the return of some deep-seated childhood emotional trauma where he felt helpless and at the mercy of those who would hurt him. There were probably also some flashbacks to his time in Serbia.”
John snorted laughter and Sherlock favored him with a smile that looked almost normal. “I love your laugh,” Sherlock observed. “It…makes things seem better. More like the way life used to be.”
Leaning in, Sherlock all-but-whispered, “Do you think I would have fallen in love with the man you describe, John? I may be a fool in some matters, but I know your heart, maybe better than even you do, and I am proud and honored to be your...friend,” he almost gagged on that last word.
…so hot inside. It’s almost unbelievable. You’ve been holding out on me, you bastard,” he said, in a mock-accusatory tone. “Kept this feeling all to yourself. Shit.” He bit his lip as he slid forward until he was halfway inside. “Oh, fuck, that feels incredible.
anyone else’s, you hear me?” he murmured, earnestly. Sherlock nodded. “You say stop, we stop. You want to quit now, we quit now.”
“All right, gentlemen. Pull!” I commanded as we all yanked John’s soul free of its withered casing. The body gave a final wheeze and relaxed as the life left it.
“Her stock and trade. I can give you the name and number of the hair dye she uses, if you’re interested...”
John knelt on the ground and, gingerly, examined the corpse. Donning gloves, he turned the battered body over to examine him. “Was anything touched, Greg?”
tell him. It would be the end of our relationship. Unrequited love is uncomfortable for one of the parties involved, but the
He brought the tray with the tea cups and sandwiches over and set them on the table in front of Sherlock. He barely looked up, choosing, instead, to wrap the comforter over the top of his head.
“Of course, I did,” Mycroft snapped back. “Couldn’t depend upon you to stay on top of things. You were too busy making nice with Mary to notice that she was not all that she appeared to be. All because of John.” He practically spat out the name.
“No, it’s not that far, and she’s not that heavy,” Sherlock stated with certainty. As they walked home, the sound of thunder could be heard in the distance. “Smells like rain coming, and soon.”
, and yet, she said nothing. NOTHING!” He convulsively crumpled up the note in his hand. “Why? Why would she keep that from me?”
supposed to get tired of you? Right now, my cock is trying to burrow its way through my fly to flag you down! If you become any more ‘interesting’, I’m going to end up in hospital!”
John raised his blaster and fired. A spray of sparked followed as the door slid open of its own volition. He ran inside before stopping dead in his tracks, bewitched and entranced by the sight of the tall, lean man, dressed all in white, who reclined on the mattress-less bed before him.
Sherlock scowled most becomingly. John usually loved it when that deep line between his eyes manifested itself, but, in this case,…
John sprinted to the bedside, almost knocking the bedside table over in his haste. He grabbed the slender, fragile-looking hand as it rose, shakily, off the mattress, as though the man who owned it might slip away from him at any second. He was delighted to see silvery eyes blink open before searching the room for him.
“Short version?” John ticked off each point on his fingers. “Lived on Tattooqueen, bought droids, got attacked by the empire, family killed, met a jedi, got your message, rented a ship, left planet, captured by empire, rescued you, here we are.” He shrugged. “It’s all kind of a giant fuck-up, to be honest.”
One short brunet man with a battered fedora and a smirk a mile wide stepped forward. “Sure do, guv. And we’ll all be there to make sure nobody bovvers you. ‘ell, if we ‘ad more time, we’d sell tickets!”
A tremulous hand rose from the bed and angled in front of Sherlock’s face as he stared at it.”Et mes autres centres moteur? Qu'en est-il de ceux-là?”
“I was thinking that, if I had my way, right now, I’d slam you up against this wall and take full advantage of you. Then, I’d whisk you home and see how many times I could nail you to the mattress before the sun rose,” John whispered, his eyes bright.
John nodded. “And that, my dear Wiggins, is why we’re going to try to lure him out here and get the drop on him.” He reached around the back of his waistband and pulled out his Sig for emphasis. “No way we’re going to let this bastard get away with doing anything to Sherlock. If he’s got his phone, then something bad is already in progress, because Sherlock would rather die than part with that phone.”
John reached out and laid his small, strong hand over one of Sherlock’s long-fingered ones. “What are you trying to say, love?” he said, ever so gently.
“A great deal, I should think,” Sherlock replied. “Alcohol is a commonly-used sedative and pain-reliever for those with emotional issues.” He cocked his head to the side and noted, “Not that it is of any more use in numbing existential pain than drugs are, but at least you never became an all-out alcoholic.”
John flung a look over his shoulder, surveyed the tall figure in white, and hurried over to his nearby chair, from which he procured an old Union Jack pillow, before placing said pillow on a kitchen chair close to where Sherlock was standing. Sherlock grunted and positioned himself to sit down.
a real cutie.” She winked suggestively and shimmied over until their hips were pressed tightly together.
John shrugged again. “Not my fault if you’re voracious,” he sniped back. “I didn’t hear you say, ‘no’”
John stopped in his tracks and returned to Sherlock’s side. “What? What is it? Is it about Rosie?” he persisted. Sherlock cut him off with a chop of his hand. John subsided.
injury to his brain and the tearing of small blood vessels in the cortex and meninges. The hematomas are still putting pressure on his brain. God!” he howled, slamming a fist into the door jamb beside Mycroft, who, rather impressively, did
Breakfast arrived, but Sherlock still didn’t move. John dug in; he was famished. Agent Doyle swiped a piece of well-cooked bacon from John’s plate and chewed it thoughtfully. Finally, the smell of hot food percolated into Sherlock’s sensibilities and awoke him to the present. “Ah, food! Well, since we are not yet on a case, I supposed eating something is in order.” He dug into his food with a gusto that surprised his husband.
“Same.” A test rattle. “Quite secure, too. Not old, fairly new purchase—no rust or creaks to indicate age and wear. This is a recent setup.”
Sergei made a disgusted sound as he slowly straightened up, his shoulders cracking audibly. Then, in one fluid movement, he spun and punched John in the gut. Sherlock couldn’t see anything, but the ragged, paroxysmal gasps, combined with some retching, told him all he needed to know. The huge figure turned back toward Sherlock.
very nicely. If I’d known that I had this to look forward to, I would have pressed my luck further,” she purred.
“Sorry, Mrs. Hudson!” John called out from his chair. “Bit of a domestic up here. Sorry to disturb you.
Sherlock smiled down at her indulgently. His shirtsleeves were cranked up over his elbows and his silk neckline was speckled with large wet dots. Rosie liked to splash.
John hesitated. “No. I was just in the mood to talk, frankly. Probably would have sat there complaining that my husband didn’t understand me or some rot like that...”
nice, I would open you up like a flower, feel you bleed the first time, maybe? Shall we see?” He pulled back and, after spreading Sherlock’s butt cheeks, lined up the head of his cock for the first thrust. Sherlock closed his eyes, preparing himself for the sudden jolt of intimate pain he was about to receive.
It didn’t take John long to fulfill his promises. With a groan of pain/pleasure he shot his load deep into his lover, his body jerking in time with his ejaculations. Sherlock’s legs were locked around John’s back, his arms wrapped around his shoulders, face buried in John’s neck as he rode his lover’s pleasure to the end.
He walked aimlessly, sometimes crossing streets, sometimes turning corners to avoid traffic. Hands in his jacket pockets, head down, no one bothered him. Why should they? I’m no one. Just an angry little man...
John nodded in emphasis and took a set of wooden stairs down to the beach. Once he was out of sight, a car careened up next to Sherlock and a man jumped out and grabbed him, jamming a pistol in his side. “No words, hear? Get in the car!” he growled as he forced Sherlock into the back seat and jumped in behind him.
“Yeah, I’m familiar with that. Fortunately I have a good stomach, or I wouldn’t have been able to endure medical school
Lestrade smiled quietly and nodded before taking John into his office and handing him a folder. “Recent case. We suspect this woman killed her husband but we have no proof. Hopefully, you can figure it out. You know Sherlock’s methods, and I know he had complete and utter faith in you.”
Outside the suite, an elevator dinged and a commotion spilled out into the front room of the suite. “Ambulance!”
Breaking eye contact, John nodded and stepped away, out of the circle of Sherlock’s comforting arms. He sat back down at the table and attempted to eat something, but the lump in his throat was too big to swallow. Sherlock sighed through his nose and moved around to the other side of the table. He tried to find something to say, but couldn’t, choosing, instead, to sit down and accept one of the plated John had dished out for him. They ate together in silence or more precisely, picked at their plates in silence. There was no real eating done. The food was quite cold by then.
“B-blamed me for…r-ruining her life. Wanted…r-revenge against me,…b-blackmail against my…f-family. There’s a s-script… she w-wanted me to r-read…d-disgusting….” He forced the words out, his voice tremulous.
“So what now?” he queried, his voice carefully neutral. “You wouldn’t have gone to all this trouble just to hand me over to someone else for payment. You have a personal agenda, don’t you? Let’s see, now--why would you want me in your bed, naked and trussed, if you, yourself, Miss Adler are as gay as I am and would reap no reward on that front? In fact, why kidnap me at all? It gains you nothing unless… unless you are planning on returning to your former way of life and are trying to re-establish your database of clientele with guilty secrets for insurance. In which case,” he continued, lifting his head and tracking her pacing with his face, “you have wasted your time with me. I don’t care what happens to my so-called reputation in the press or the public. If Janine wasn’t able to tar and feather me in the papers, what makes you think you can?”
John pursed his lips in consideration before activating a secret program he hadn’t even told Sherlock about. Mycroft had installed a special GPS program on Sherlock’s phone, one used exclusively by MI6. Mycroft had graciously given John the tracking software, as if he knew that John would have to use it at some point to track his brother down.
The time was approaching, I knew, when my dear friend would cross over and join me on my side of the veil. I never left John’s side, sometimes lying next to him in the bed we had never shared in life, just to provide some comfort to him. John knew I was there; as he approached his final moments on Earth, he became more attuned to the spiritual realm and could sometimes actually follow me around the room with his eyes or hear my quips. He seemed...comforted by my presence, and I would explain what John could expect when the time came. John had said that, as long as we could be together, nothing else mattered.
“Or you break the mold and become a better person than your abuser. Yes, I am familiar with it. It’s one reason I always find out if clients have suffered any form of abuse in their early years. It can indicate a pattern, or break one,” Sherlock agreed, squeezing John’s hand. “You have broken the mold, John. There is nothing of the child abuser in you...”
Gritting his teeth against the urgent messages being sent from his southernly regions, he gradually managed to pry loose the main cinch points confining him to bed and wriggled out before they could close again. A small, disappointed sound emerged from under the covers, a reflex rather than any conscious utterance.
Her face softened into shock. “Oh, no, dear! I thought you would have a lovely honeymoon in a beautiful resort! It never crossed my mind that…”
“That’s why I’m here. Not for myself, but for him.” Ella raised an eyebrow but said nothing. “Look, I know that he’d never talk to a psychologist. That kind of thing…well, it threatens him. You should have seen him when he thought he was losing his mind on the Baskerville case. Totally freaked him out. His mind is his greatest asset, so any inkling he may have that it’s not sound is a major source of anxiety for him. No,” John pursed his lips in thought, “no, he’d never do it, so I’m doing it for him.” He leaned forward, spreading his hands in appeal. “I know it’s your job to listen and reflect, but I need some serious help here. Please. What can I do to help my friend?”
John, being unimpressed with Sherlock’s verbal arguments, inquired if Sherlock would be willing to spare the mattress in question by using his own body as a buffer. Sherlock considered this, discussing the pros and cons of such a measure, until John, having given up on trying to convince Sherlock of the wisdom of his suggestion, attempted to stifle his arguments by placing his own mouth over Sherlock’s, repeatedly. This seemed to slow the detective down somewhat, so John forcibly manhandled him over to the bed, making sure to avoid all sunburned areas and providing a towel to protect the hapless mattress in question from any and all splatter of bodily fluids the ongoing manly struggle would produce.
“Er, John! I, uh, didn’t hear you come in! I, I thought you’d be gone longer...” Sherlock stammered as he turned off the cd player and turned to face John, hands clasped behind his back like a child who had just been caught playing dress-up with Mummy’s clothes. He rocked on his bare feet, which were decorated by beaded ankle bracelets with chains leading down to his long, agile toes.
a clear indicator of a desire to stop shagging.” He took another swig of tea as he leaned back casually against the counter. “I believe that you clutching at my bum and yelling, ‘faster’ and ‘harder’ is also another dead giveaway...”
Sherlock rolled his eyes as he removed his greatcoat and hung it on the door, the back of it covered in mud where he had been subduing—and, in turn, being subdued by—the King Street Garrotter, after a lively chase and several close captures. He
The Agent took out a pad and read from it. “Well, it seems that our attempted murderer at Disney World is a petty thug, known to local law enforcement, who has never amounted to much in the criminal world up ‘til now. He was given a job to take out a “tall, thin asshole with a mop of dark hair, traveling with a short, graying guy who won’t give you much trouble.”
a boner I could hardly walk! It’s a good thing you had to go into the other room to dress or I probably wouldn’t have been able to walk out of there without a limp!”
He could hear her approach the bed again, only this time the honey was gone from her voice and the steel was plainly audible. “Tsk, tsk, Sherlock. You’re not the only Holmes in the world, you know. There are other ones who could be embarrassed by your flagrant disregard for social convention, and once I am done with you, your entire family could be easily pressured into giving in to my
Sherlock peered at the small bits of card not concealed by my hand.  “Has the king of clubs joined the knave of diamonds?”
“Firearms do not work all the time,” he said as the panel swung open.  “More than six hundred years back and it has to be a bow or a pike or a blade.”  After a few steps, he stopped.  There was a sharp click and the wall gave way to a view of the library.  It felt like returning home.
"No, but the time has changed repeatedly since you rowed off.  What were you doing out there?" Lestrade asked.
“Disguise it, transform it, but use it.  There’s strength in it,” he replied, drawing himself up.  He held my eyes a moment and extended his hand with a flourish.
I doubt my fatigue before I decided on an evening stroll was that extreme, although I cannot discount a dream completely, as vivid as my recent dreams have been.
“Then Mary took something out of her bag and set it in front of Madame Willow.  I recognised one of the framed photographs from my desk.  I kept two there, in identical silver frames - the ones you gave us as a wedding present.  I suppose you thought they would be for a portrait of Mary and a portrait of me, but I put your photograph in the second one instead.”
Mrs Hudson was back in the box.  “This one’s for you,” she said to Kit, handing him a larger flask that looked to be made of brushed steel.  “Mulled cider, my lad, until you’re a lot older.”
I glanced out the doors again.  The sky was a bright white and gave no clue as to the slant of the sun.  “Slept late, have I?” I asked, setting the tea cup aside and taking the plate of biscuits.  A few days and I was already addicted to her baking.
The ballroom resplendent with the flames of hundreds of candles reflected endlessly in the mirrors and night-dark glass of the long walls.  Music floated down from the gallery: harp and violin and pipe.  Our music.
Someone else was moving.  The little boy and his mother had reached the edge of the unoccupied space around the fire too hot for anyone to sit there.  She let the boy down still holding one of his hands, bent down and kissed him on the forehead.  He rose on tiptoe and kissed her cheek and then he turned towards the fire and laughed.
John took the note, noticed the suitcase by Mrs Hudson’s side.  “Right,” he said, “off to your sister’s this week.”  He reached for the case.  “Let me get that for you.  I think your cab’s already outside.”
John often woke during the night, or a few hours after whenever they made it to bed, after a case.  In darkness, he’d shift closer to Sherlock’s warmth, curl his arm around chest or hip or shin and let sleep claim him again.  In the light, he’d rest a hand on the curls above the duvet’s edge when the air was chill or stroke along the double curve from shoulder to thigh when summer days led to covers being kicked away.
I took a sip of the wine, stepped over the legs and re-situated myself facing him.  The port felt warm going down, a substitute for the heat we had lost as the sun travelled to its zenith.  The light was dimmer in our room.
They were full of gold bands, one so large it hung over his wrist.  I ducked my head and saw that its circle wasn’t complete.
I glanced up.  An open wooden tower supported a large bell near the top.  It glinted flame-like in the firelight.  I turned my head.  I could hear the rushing of water in the dark behind Wiggins.
Sherlock nodded.  “But, we know there are people who do.”  He reached for the last piece of toast, held it over his mug.  “I’ve never found anyone who wrote about this though and I’ve looked.  Ms Swann walking through our front door was quite the surprise.”
“Baubles,” Holmes said, “that they were able to trade for freedom.  I imagine their only other option would have been to go live with their sister, where there is no evidence that they were particularly welcome.  Or, I suppose, they could have tried their hands at being governesses.”
I went to my room for a jacket and came back to the library.  I considered going down to the kitchen and up the way I had most recently used, but I was not sure the various inner doors I would need to pass through would be unlocked at this time of night and thought I could remember the route we had taken from the ballroom equally well.  It took me three tries to find the correct volume to pull down to open the bookcase and reach the music room, but after that delay, my progress was smooth.  I did have to stand on a stool to open the panel between the minstrel galleries though.
I didn’t miss a beat, even stepping up the little stairs and over the threshold of the central doors.
I was managing to call forth simple snatches of melody and was rather pleased with myself for doing so, although I had to refrain from smiling about it because it changed the sound of the notes.  So, all was quite idyllic until my stomach grumbled most crudely just as I had paused my piping to take a deep breath.  I quickly blew a few notes upon the pipes as though to cover up my lapse, but it was too late.
Sherlock was standing on the sofa when I opened the door.  Bits of paper were floating to the floor around him.  There was a snarl of red string in his hair, a couple of sticky notes clinging to his dressing gown.  He looked over his shoulder at me.
Tea and toast and fruit were on the desk when I emerged - the tea hot, the butter just melted.  It always made me smile.
I closed one hand at his hip, pressed his head against my throat with the other.  “I sometimes dreamt that you had.”
She looked at me for a moment and tapped her cheek.  “You know there’s another way in through the kitchen courtyard.  Mr Chatterjee won’t mind.  I often go round that way if I want a few pastries when Mrs Turner’s on holiday and I haven’t had time to bake.”  She slipped by me again, back into the hall, and motioned me to follow.  “Come along.  After you’ve reserved the table, you can text Doctor Stamford and have a good chat over lunch.”
"Two two-pound coins and the coppers," Lestrade said.  There was more jingling.  "Where are you going?"
“Excellent!” Holmes exclaimed and plucked one of the grapes from the bowl.  “Eat, dear boy.  You look pale and it will be a while before your breakfast arrives.”
“How did she sound?” Sherlock asked, glancing along the street, then turning and striding towards a slip off the canal at the side of the building.
Sherlock leaned back as he began a wilder version of the bridge between verses.  High and higher the notes flew and further back he bent, my supple love.
“It’s his many times great grand-sire,” she said.  “Over the years, lots of people, like my parents, set off to find their fortunes beyond the boundaries of the Manor.  Their descendants have a way of making their way back in time.  A yearning for it seems to linger in the blood.”
Sherlock tried to close his eyes and found he could.  He discovered he had an elbow.  He pushed himself up upon it and re-opened his eyes, focussed on Mycroft’s pale grey wings.  “Feeling more subtle this morning, are we?”  Sherlock remarked and decided to resume a prone position.  “What do you suspect?” he asked.
“It was a beautiful, clear night,” Mrs Hudson said, gesturing towards the ceiling.  “All the stars twinkling.”
“Yes, I suppose we could walk beside the Long Water instead,” the woman said.  “Thank you again.  Come on, Sirocco.”
John stuck his head out the door to check whether anyone seemed to be loitering in the vicinity, even though a pronoun wasn’t much of a description to be going on with.  Seeing no one lingering who fit the description, he shut the door firmly and waited a moment before following Ms Swann.
