Everyone was here, damn this kid is really fast.
He looked at his teammates’s faces and they were disgusted from what they were seeing.
“Go out I wanna get dressed !” Tony said rolling his eyes at Loki and Loki put his hand on his heart
“Of course you can.” Loki sit beside them he brushed his fingers in Thor’s hair and Thor sighed.
Yes she was right .
"I heard my baby's voice! My angel is here!" Tony's head shows and Peter run to him they hugged eachother and again Bucky groans and Steve was watching them with his adoring eyes.
“Go to sleep Tones.” Bruce said hugging Tony and resting Tony’s head on his chest.
He just have to see Steve and if he was outside or in his bedroom? He stood and excused himself from Bruce and left .
He was so weak he’s afraid that it was just so obvious to everyone.
“Hey. Yeah We’re. Any other new soldiers Clint?” Tony asked him and Clint seemed to like Tony.
Time passed by and then she surprised him with her request. “Can I have sex with you?”
“Nothing doll” Loki replied and Natasha looked at him and lifted her eyebrows in question.
Thanks for the Ideas guys ! It’s really helpful! Hope ypu enjoyed! Please leave kudos and Comments :3 . Love you all :D
Steve took him and put him on the bed
Loki nodded to him and Tony was grinning now.
“Thanks for the gun darling.” Tony was afraid of this. If they found him running out of this place they’ll rape him.
Loki just chuckled and walked to sit beside his favorite spider. "Hey spidey, how are you doing?"
The trip was quiet and it’s  took a long time to get back.
“Stop ! Thor ! Steve! Are you a clowns !!” Tony wanted to stop the fight he was between them when they are both punching eachother .
once Steve saw Tony is looking at him he moved away from Sharon and looked at Tony he nudged Natasha and she understood him .
When he was shot? He can’t remember, but there was a lot of signs that says Tony’s not ok!
“Nice perfume “ Thor winks to Tony .
"Hey uncle Bruce. Ah guys? Can we leave this place?" He asked and the tiredness of the past week finally showing on him.
"You can't scold me and ground me! You can't prevent me from my lab! You're not my dad!" Steve ignore him and kept talking with Bruce who was smiling while Natasha an Thor were laughing their asses. And then there's Clint who was quite and calm. He should be laughing and not like that! They made eye contact and then Clint stormed out of the room.
“It’s Tony.” Bucky said. He wasn’t even sleep.
And for Thor and Loki they’ll go back to Asgard and stay in one of the most scary cages till death.
“Why you want to kill her ?” Bucky’s sound surprised him he sit up and looked at Bucky he was blushing and he know that .
Peter joined the fight
He go to the gym and started punching the sand’s bag .
“I remember you telling me that I can do what ever I want to do, is that because you wanted me to fuck you?” Clint asked and as the video kept playing Tony felt sick. That’s was too much, he can’t do it again! He can’t hear his voice or their laughs.
And Natasha she was like his sister. She was so protective over him . What happened?
But he didn’t say anything he jsut kept looking at them but not looking into their eyes- hell he’ll never do that again.
In the next morning he couldn’t sleep so he just decided to go for a run and eat his breakfast but once he entered the kitchen he saw Tony was on the counter and Thor was kissing Tony’s neck .
"Searching for you."
“No! Please don’t hurt me!” He doesn’t know who’s here in this room anymore. All he thinks about is they’ll hurt him now. “Please, I don’t know anything! I don’t know where are they!” He pushed who ever was holding him and run away to his safe place ‘his lab’
He crashed into someone. he looked to see the angel looking at him and he knows that he was so screwed.
They pulled him off
“Well we put tge challenge just to make you two together “ Bruce said shrugged his shoulders
"Peter. Up." Peter opened his eyes and moaned from the pain. He wasn't healed at all.
he go outside and kept walking. he stood infront of the lake and fall on his knees.
Who’s coming? And who dares to do this to Stephan? But who ever they are he should admit that they’re really strong to do this. He got a really bad feeling about this.
“Steve! Damn it LEAVE ME !” Tony tried to gets himself free but Steve was strongest than him
He heard how Peter was hurt, but he just needed to see what happened even if it cost everything. ‘Then I’ll do it in the hard way.’ He told himself and disappeared to show in front of Peter who jolted and was about to fall, but Loki hold him.
Tony’s tears start falling
He started eating food and drinks orange juice when Loki and Thor enter the kitchen.
“Tony? Look..” Clint sighed and put Natasha on the cold ground, Tony was about to yell at him and let Clint take Natasha from the cold ground.
They all looked at him.
“Excuse us I need him guys “ She giggled and pulled him to another room and they were kissing eachother. He never felt in love when he kissed her but here he was just because of a mission.
Thor’s smirk matches Loki’s one
Tony looked at the table where the bottle of whiskey was on it .
Sharon spotted him. They kept looking at eachother and for the first time he is scared from her.
Tony dropped the paper and tried to control his breathing.
he sighed again and go to drink whiskey
“You know what I’m talking. You won’t get anything by giving the hottest news to Hydra cause you know that I’ll always stand in your face, “ He took a step forward to her and he can’t control himself anymore. He wants to kill her but he can’t.
“Sir he’s in your bedroom and he’s reading a book “ Friday replied to him and he smiled. He still can win this fight . he took a shower thanks to god there’s bathroom in the lab . He went up and open the door Steve saw him and smiled,Tony’s heart warmed and he go to sit in Steve’s lap
He nods and stood, but he didn't left without kissing Peter's hair.
He looked around and saw Steve’s shield. He fixed it months ago and he did upgrades to all of their weapons, but he knows that they’ll never come back to him. They’ll kick him out of the team and find someone new so that they can have air support.
And Tony entered the room and  greated them but there was this look on his face .Steve never missed it . There’s still a hope . And Steve had to take this chance he had to .
“The other side . I- I mean the demons... They ?”
“Yes sir” Came FRIDAY’s reply ,
The winter soldier just hugged him again.
I started to hate my hair, I know it’s beautiful but I hate it when they pull it and hurt me..
Steve took Tony to their bedroom and he puts him on the bed . They called a doctor and Steve was sitting beside Tony .
And now he was being beat again. But he can’t just die! They should be here saving him and he should be with Steve now. Why all the bad things just kept coming to him?
“Steve you promised me you will put your job first ! “ Nick said slamming his hands on the table and Steve just nodded again .
He leaned on the wall and tried to get the air inside his lungs.
“You’re not monster. Y– ah– You’re the best! You’re the most kind person I’ve ever- ngh– met!” He was trying to make him feel better about himself and he was trying to make Bruce feel safe about himself.
“That’s bitch old man is going to pay for it.”
“We won’t.. He’ll kill him self and you’ll see that “ Natasha said and Bucky lifts the middle finger for her .
“Tony ? You have to stay with us seriously we can’t resk you” Thor said and the whole time he was standing by the door leaning on the door.
“N-No! I don’t want him! Don’t call him, I don’t fucking need him!” Tony start rubbing his arc reactor just to get rid of the pain he’s feeling.
He just needed someone's shoulder to lean on and cry. He's getting beatin up by his dad- shit by his heart and eyes! yeah without Tony he felt himself like a blind oldman without his crutch, Like a bird with broken wings. He can't live like that.
He start making bacon and pancakes for them and then he burned himself, he groaned and his tears start falling.
Tony Take a step forward and kissed Steve he pushed him to the couch and was on top of him he bites Steve’s lower lip and Steve just couldn’t understand what’s going on .
“Tony it’s not a problem . Believe me it’s a beautiful thing to be angel or a demon “ Thor said hugging Tony
He felt a hands wrapping around his waist he turned to see Sharon smiling to him .
“Come on Sam you’re like Natasha and Clint . You don’t care about me and Tony . I don’t want to be strong while he’s in pain on the bed “
He still got nightmares of course, but Steve will always be there to protect him.
After what Steve had done he’s sure that Steve loves him and he was just wasting his time with her . He was looking down at his plate and he was smiling with closed lips .
“You’re grounded! There’s no patrol! There’s no suits! There’s no food for today!” And like that Tony closed the door loudly and Steve sighed and shook his head.
“Stark? Can I talk to you for a moment please?” Steve asked him in the captain’s voice and Tony nodded to him .
“I’m ok stop looking at me like that “ Tony giggled and Thor smiled.
They made it even when Steve was thinking in Tony and he was disgusted from her . He should be resting with Tony now and not fucking Sharon .
“It’s ok uncle Stephan. You know that I'll be ok right? You can go, they won’t hurt me again.” Peter comforted him and Stephan pulled Peter into a warm hug and Peter blushed but hugged him back.
“Tony what’s wrong in what you were dreaming?” Steve asked him again cause he wanted to know Tony on his real one not the fake one ! Tony is trying to show them he’s strong but he was so weak from the inside and Steve knows about it .
and now he back to his old self, the same broken person.
“I’m good you dipshit “
Now they care about him? He wanted to scream, wanted to shout and to yell at them but all it came from him was just a sigh.
“Sir you’re the on who gave him the access to do anything he wants.” Jarvis replies dryly.
"Yeah.. Nick was pain in the ass." Tony hummus and he reads about it. It was in the same circus Clint’s rised in. It’s seems that it’s affected Clint and Tony wants to be there for him. It’s the main reason that he’s here in the kitchen in the middle of the night.
"W-why you're saying that? Dad I love you i-if I was just you know some weight on you y-you could tell me and I promise you that I'll leave." He was shaking by now.
What they’ll do to him? What they’ll do to Bruce? Bruce? His eyes shoot open. His friend up with these monsters, he can’t leave him alone.
"Tony! It's been only hours since you've out of the surgery! You can't leave!" Bruce was pacing around and trying to stop Tony from leaving.
“And what will I earn from that you asshole ? “ Tony replied rolling his eyes .
“He’s going to be ok I know that Steve “ Bruce said comforting him and Steve smiled to him .
When the hours passed by it’s seemed that Sharon doesn’t want to leave she kept making out with him in the garden . But suddenly he felt that Tony is not ok . There’s something wrong! He pushed her and told her he had to do something. He run to Tony’s lab .
“Dude ! are you listening to me ?!” Thor snapped and Steve laughed .
“No you’re not ! You’re tired Tony ! I can’t resk it “ Steve said and Tony look at his body he was full of bandages
“Tell me who fucked you better? Thor ? Loki ? Or Banner ?” When Steve asked him this question it made him look at Steve and he was so shocked.
"Fine, but on one condition." She says and he knows he already win the condition so he starts dancing the victory dance and she laugh. "Give me a kiss." She pointed at her cheek and he hurried to kiss her. He kissed her once and twice and theird until she pushed him giggling.
Tony chuckled softly and shook his head.
Peter was walking without looking, he was writing a plan to his next day with Ned, MJ and Falsh when he crashed into Bruce. The coffee fall on Bruce and Peter was silent. The last time he burned someone with cofee ir tea he paid for it.
“Angel or demon” Thor answered him and Tony burst laughing .
“Guys stop “ Tony said he knows what’s going to happen if they kept going.
And the only one who can do that was Steve, that’s right he’s his (pops) but when it’s came to Peter hide things from him he’ll be grounded until Steve have mercy on him.
“Shut up ! What’s time is it ?” Tony asked hugging Thor and Thor kissed Tony’s shoulder.
“Yeah a little bit distressed nothing important “ He answered them smiling .
And again she gives him that smile that makes his stomach flips . He looked down at his plate and ignored her .
=•=•=•=•=•=•=•=•=•=•=•=
Steve would  lose Tony only to Save the others .
He felt hand brushing his hair, he opened his eyes to see Stephan sitting on the bed beside him. He
“Leave me alone!” He yelled at Bucky and there was a silent and thanks god he was alone now.
“Sharon? Leave them!” He doesn’t want her to touch them. instead he wants Steve to touch them and not her. God! He missed Steve so much.
Steve felt a hand on his shoulder it was Sam .
“What’s wrong guys ? You’re scaring me !” Tony was about to panic .
Tony was so thankful that Bruce didn’t push further.
They get in the room no one saying anything, but Natasha is throwing glances to him every now and then.
“You’re not alive! That’s can’t be true! Please, get him away from me!” Tony looks at Ross who was standing behind Tony now. Who’s this guy? What does he want?
He runs away and hide far from them all.
They were alone now and Tony was afraid that Steve will try to rape him again.
He saw Steve dancing with girl
He tried to stood and stumbled but thanks god there was a car where he clutched in.
She shaked her head and stood. He swallowed and she walked to him.
Peter felt his dad's arms wrapped around him and he closed his eyes and leaned his head back to rest against his Dad's shoulder.
He just felts that he broke the great Tony Stark. Their friend, their teammate and their angel.
“How are you Tones ?” Bucky asked him smiling and Tony smiled back
"They took him! The bitch took him away!" That's all Clint said and it's left the husband on full alerts.
“Me and someone nerd” Loki rolled his eyes and set on the bed Clint pointed a finger at Loki.
“We don’t care about you and about the love of your life like we can’t lose all people because of you ! Steve there’s more than one bomb and only you can stop everything!” Natasha snapped at him and he sighed
I missed them, They act weird everyday in the same time at 7:00 pm, they’ll leave to dad’s lab and I don’t know what are the doing and I don’t want to know. Cause when they leave that’s mean I can rest and heal my wounds.
Natasha and Clint were searching to see who is the reason behind all of this mess.
Oh, he always thinks of Steve. what's new ?
“I’m going to kill these bastards!” Loki pulls his knives out and then he’s sure that he’ll kill them.
Then Thor surprised Tony when he brought Loki to their place. Tony never showed to even eat with them.
"Sorry, Peter." He mumbled and sits in front of him, Peter's still looking at the other side.
“Shut up Buck !” Tony said still hiding his face .
Loki was holding his baby girl between his arms and Bucky was holding them both.
“I don’t want any troubles Tony” Loki explains to him and Tony nodded.
He couldn’t let her getting shot again, she would die. No matter what she’s a girl after all. And Natasha is soft she won’t make it.
“Come over here “ Steve ordered Tony and Tony was about to go but Thor stopped him .
“Petey! You don’t have to hide from me!” Tony laugh after him.
“I ?” Tony was speachless
He nodded without looking back. “Sure, cap.” He was surprised that his voice was steady. He left to his lab.
Oh is there any upcoming surprises?
“Tsk! Now you wants to buy us with your money and act like the angel that we were seeing you! But the truth is you’re the devil honey.” Clint retorted and Tony was hurt by that.
Tony and the others took advantage of the opportunity and were able to kill Thanos finally.
“Go to your friends Anthony.” Tony was confused but he nodded and left.
Now they can’t talk to eachother again. They can’t laugh with eachother. He can’t do anything to make Tony happy .
“Tony don’t shut yourself away from us... from me. Do everything you want, but don’t stay away from us.”
He knows that Steve will ignore him or maybe even kill him to stop the war that Tony knows will happen soon .
He remembered when Pepper broke up with him just because he’s Ironman and she wants a normal life but he knows why she broke up with him.
He needed air .
Bruce wasn’t in the mood for the playboy even though he’s his best friend, Tony could be pain in the ass sometimes and Bruce will hulk out if Tony teases him about something stupid.
“P-Peter I’m s-sorry I really don’t know what happened! Peter you are like my son ! how could you think about that ?”
“You could have save us ! but you decided to save your self”Stephan said
“Bucky the safety of people is more important than him “ Clint said and Bucky give up and sit down again.
"I won't go back... He's not my brother!" Tony could hear the fear in Loki's voice and he won't blame him.
He’s with Thor and they’re touching alot .
He was being selfish and he knew it, He should do that for his uncle and for his family. Even though it's hard on him but he should do it.
"I really don't know why we're moving to this shit, Pep?" Tony whines and she rolled her eyes.
Even Bucky if the time had returned , he will make sure he does not try to kill him.
“ Neither me “ Steve said
Peter sighed, his heart clutching because of his dad.
He could lose everything but not Peter or Steve .
This time he won’t do anything stupid and he’ll do whatever they tell him.
And now he broke up with Tony and that’s mean there’s no jokes anymore . There’s no life after Tony and he knows that .
This two months were so hard on him. They were whipping him, burning him, beating him, even they were about to rape him but he doesn’t know why they stopped and he was thankful for them.
“I’ll kill them! Bastards!” Rhodey roared and Peter looked up at him but Stephan stopped Rhodey before Peter could’ve stopped him.
“What about Bruce?” Loki asked
He can see Tony’s hands and legs at shaking but he felt guilty about what he did. Tony doesn’t deserve to be treated like that. He was nice with them.
“No, I’m better than this. Just leave him, I don’t give a fuck.” Tony smiled to Ross who was scared.
“Oh yeah I’m happy too ! We win this fight Tony !” Steve said his voice a little bit shaking
He huffed and stood. "Friday, Where's Thor?" He start wearing his clothes and Friday answers him.
When he entered the house again he went straight to Tony’s lab.
Steve stopped dancing once he saw Tony
“Guys I don’t want anyone to know about that . I have you and that’s enough for me . You can protect me right ?” Tony asked and already knowing the answer so he was smiling to them and they smiled to him .
Loki starts getting closer to Ross who was screaming now. “I’m going to kill you now!”
Tony doesn't know about it or he'll kill his teacher without hesitation.
“Good for you Sharon ! You taked the person that I always loved ! But I’m not going to let you take my son away from me !” They all were surprised from Tony .
“Tell me who fucked you better? Thor ? Loki ? Or Banner ?” Steve asked him and Tony’s eyes finally met Steve’s .
Anyone who says Captain America is a merciful guy, then, they're so wrong. Here he was ripping them apart. Blood is everywhere and yet there's no information about Peter and Bucky.
"Can you tell us what's wrong guys? I want to go to my bed and sleep" Clint rolled his eyes and yawned. Seriously how are these morons are sitting with him? Natasha smacked Clint's head and He nodded a thank you to her she just smirked.
Steve stood and walked to the room and saw Tony looking like a ghost, he couldn't believe that he's still a live. He pulled a chair and stayed by Tony's side. People were talking beside him, but he couldn't see or hear anything but Tony. He touched Tony's hand and then he hold it softly. Rubbing Tony's knuckles with his thumb, while Tony's face was so peaceful. Why they're saying he's selfish now? He just wants Tony with him, is that wrong? And no, he won't stay with him after Tony wakes up. He'll leave him with Pepper cause she deserves him and he deserves her. She's strong, beautiful and the perfect example for wife. And Steve? Steve is broken and he's nothing like Pepper.
When they left him cause Ross the bastard pretended to be the one who saved him. He hugged Tony and told him to put bodyguards, but Tony said No cause he was IronMan.
He reached the light to see himself suddenly im his room.
“No he’s not coming “ Thor said making Steve wants to laugh and he was shocked to see Tony is not coming to him and staying by Thor’s side .
He rushed to him and tried to shake the man a wake, but there was no response from Tony.
“Yes Nat ? “ He wasn’t in the mood to have a conversation with her .
“Okay then lead the way Clint” Loki said and Clint lead them to their room there was four beds and Tony sighed.
Peter wrapped his arms around Steve neck and Steve kissed his forhead.
“Shh you’re okay I got you ... You’re safe babyboy” Tony kissed Peter’s forhead.
Natasha , Bruce and Thor shared a look Tony couldn’t stand it
He was in his room now. He collapsed on his bed and his body was shaking.
What about the other avengers ?
“Oh my god we have cheated on you now !” Bruce’s tears start falling and Thor wasn’t talking or doing anything.
"What do you want Stark?" Loki asked and Tony sits beside him.
Why is this happening to him?
He started kicking Thor and telling him to leave him alone. The room suddenly was silent only his sobs could be heard.
“Peter! PETER!?” He looked up at Thor who was kneeling beside him, Thir wanted to pick him up like always, but that’s lead Peter to have panic attack.
He left the gun and run like his life is depending on running and it was!
He was looking at Shuri, Strange and Bruce hovering over Tony and then he realized someone is standing beside him, he looked to his left and saw Pepper looking at him. Or better say, Glaring at him, he rises his eyebrow and she slapped him.
“S-Steve ? What are you doing ?!” Tony was shaking but he refused to give up .
______________________
“Man you don’t want to get him angry. Believe me you’ll regret it.” Clint warned him and Tony starts thinking that Clint was the nerd one.
He looked at his bestfriend who was crying silently and looking at the man he loves the most.
Tony smirked and pointed with his finger to Steve to come
"Jesus Christ Tony! Are you trying to give me a heart attack!" Tony couldn't help the giggles that escaped his lips and Clint is smiling too.
“A-and why the spell broke?” Tony asked looking at Loki .
He did the one thing Rhodey told him to stop doing it. He cuts his wrist and hissed in pain. He was looking at the blood and he felt so dirty. This is the second on of his teammates putting their hands on him. “Damn Howard stop fucking laughing! I hate you, even when you’re not here you’re hurting me!” He can hear Howard’s laughs, he covered his ears then he fall to ground, his back resting on the wall, while his head is resting on his knees and he just closed his eyes and slept.
"I- I don't know... I don't even know when someone shots him!" Steve nodded to him.
Tony got into shouting match with Steve in Clint's farm and it ended with Steve slapping him and tell him to just stop trying to save the world.
He turned but there was no one.
They were sitting and everything was normal .
Peter was looking up at her theough his eye lashes and knowing very well that if no one killed her, then he's the one who'll.
“ I’m saying this is my friend’s ship !” Rocket said
Steve turned his heels and left them alone .
“It’s your fault Mr Stark “ Stephan said looking at Tony .
Quill tried to punch Tony but Tony avoided it.
Clint turned to him and cursed under his breath.
Support me with your kudos and comments love you all .
“Tony? Don’t worry he’ll be fine. And we’re going to make sure they’ll pay for it.” Natasha said to him trying to make him feel better and he just nodded.
Seeing how Tony’s fingers in Thor’s hair and how he’s pulling him closer to him .
“Friday? Jarvis? Please tell me what happened to Peter? What was he doing in the past month?” He asked calmly.
“Shut up!” Tony was smiling now. “Just shut up you dummy! It wasn’t your fault too. You’re not the one who shots Natasha, you’re not the one who told me to jump and take the shot instead of her and it wasn’t your fault that we’ve been caught. Clint you’re a good leader, I’m alive and Natasha is also alive. That’s mean you’re the beast leader and who told you that you’re not a good leader?”
, really?”
Left alone with Bucky, Tony stretched out across the chair he’d commandeered. “You know, usually you would, y’know, tie up the person you’ve kidnapped. Especially if they’re Welthari.”
“I could! Magick doesn’t manifest until around twelve or thirteen, in case you forgot—that’s a hell of a lot of time to be powerless. A lot of time to practice,” and too late Tony was realizing he probably should’ve stopped talking four hours ago.
“-ark? Tony?”
“Yeah.”
, there was a gaping black hole in her chest that had nothing to do with the reactor and she was cold and hot at once and she wanted to cry and she wanted Steve.
I feel like this fic could be finished now?? I don't know if I want it to be?? I don't really know what comes next?? My original plot was "put Steve and Tony in an elevator. Tony panics. Steve helps. Mild angst, a get-together." and we kinda passed that like. wayyy back. Thoughts? Ideas?
with me,” Tony whispers at last, hoarse.
“Tony?” the voice asked again. “Tony, can I touch you?”
one-”
“Then we better get moving,” Steve replied grimly, and just like that they were off, loping easily down one street after another, but rather than pulling up to the Registration building like Tony expected, they stopped in an unassuming row of houses somewhere not far from there.
“What the hell, Rogers, and Barton? Get off me, seriously,
Early update bc I forgot I'm leaving early tomorrow for a lil vacation type thing and don't wanna forget to post!! when I get back I'll hopefully have finished revamping the ending of this into something a lil better, and then we're done!!
“Look, Cap, I’m tired, and if you want to believe in whatever god-like image of Howard Stark you worship in your head, fine,” Tony sighed, sliding down the wall until he was sitting on the floor, “cause I’m not gonna sit here and try to convince you.”
“Mute, Jarvis,” Tony raked both hands through his hair, once, twice. “Put the ‘shop on full lockdown, black the windows, no override codes. 24 hours unless I say otherwise.”
and Tony stopped breathing.
Steve shrugged. “He was a brilliant man. I’m sure you could find thousands of half-finished projects if you looked. And I know the excellent R&D team a few floors below could build most of it easily. Just not quite..
“Shut up, Stark, we were trying to get glass out of you, unless you’d prefer it stay in there?” Clint said, aiming for flippancy but not quite making it.
“Quick, Buck—he won’t be left alone for much longer,” Steve hissed.
and enjoy ;)
The runner nodded frantically and scrambled back down to the road, probably glad to escape. Tony nearly waited too long to yell “thank you!” after him, but it was worth it when the man actually stumbled and turned around, like he was surprised.
There was a pause, and then a deep, shuddering breath ran through Tony’s whole body, but he still didn’t move.
“None of that, now,” she murmurs, “it’s alright, you hear me? You’re doing just fine.”
I simultaneously really like and kinda don't like this chapter?? I know it's angsty as heck and cute and fun besides, but pacing is just never a thing that I can do. I hope it's alright?
Bucky ran his hand through his hair once, twice, then stood up suddenly and started pacing around. Tony tolerated it for a moment before he tested his limits again.
“Can you speak?” Steve asks, gently, and Tony curls in on herself just a little bit more, which is all the answer Steve needs.
Tony squirmed. “Yesterday?”
“Hey, why are you—wait, hold up, are you guys okay?”
and then someone was grabbing his arms, trying to pull him up, and he was caught between latching onto them and shoving them away.
“This mess? ‘Scuse me, that’s my girlfriend you’re talking about. She’s a mess, sure, but she’s my mess, and I’d cross the whole world for her if she needed me.”
A dozen pleas rose in Steve’s throat, but he swallowed them. Clint was right. All he did around Tony was trigger things he hadn’t even known existed.
Bucky looked dubiously amused at that.
He screamed.
Clint followed suit on his lighter-colored horse, Hawk (named for Clint’s own nickname) and after a moment Bucky and Natasha slipped around the corner on after the other, dressed like servants out on errands. With Bucky’s missing arm and Nat’s bright red hair, they stuck out a bit more than usual servants, but it wouldn’t matter now. Nat wasted no time in sliding onto the back of Widow, the small dark mare with just as much fire as her owner. Winter, Bucky’s horse, stood patiently as his rider climbed awkwardly on. They all liked to joke about how Buck and Winter looked the same, with identical blue eyes and surprisingly sharp stares.
Tony lifted his hands to rake them through his hair, but was stopped short. Handcuffs circled his wrists, binding him to the cot he was lying on. Trapping him.
Tony grit his teeth. “I sort of assumed it was a simpler problem than whatever the hell’s going on here.”
He could barely see the person in front of him, Steve/Howard/Yinsen as flashbacks cycled through. One moment Tony was trapped in a closet, the next in a cave, and then an elevator, and he couldn’t breathe, he couldn’t move because if he moved something bad would happen and he wanted to say a thousand things but he couldn’t make his mouth open.
“Yeah, says the guy who just kidnapped me,” Tony spat after he got over the shock.
(I just read Carry On twice in under 24 hours, I had to steal the "because we match" line.)
What had Steve gotten them into?
Ironic that he learned the most about Tony just when the man hated him the most.
“Jarvis, I said to
Steve was...a mess.
,” Tony growled, low and dangerous, “that’s exactly how you know it’s the truth.”
The lights went on, and Steve glanced up to see a panel in the ceiling being opened. Clint, of all people, poked his head through.
“Jarvis can fix anything, huh?” Steve asked bitterly after a bit longer.
Steve tensed, every line of his body prepared to take on a threat.
“Yes, I am missing an arm, yes it was an accident, yes it still
“Course we can, hon. You’ve done an awful lot of emoting in the last couple of hours, you deserve a nap,” Steve said, with a small, teasing smile.
“What?” Steve tried, but Natasha was already stalking past him. She tore the knife free of the wall and banged down the stairs.
enough.”
“Are you okay?”
Tony shrugged. “To be fair, you guys are the nicest kidnappers I’ve ever had, and no one ever exactly accused me of being sane.”
, you don’t know? You guys are the ones making the decisions here,” Tony said, and he almost sounded appalled at them.
After that he took Captain out again, to loop by the wealthy district of Calethyia. Not close enough to be spotted, just to look and see what was happening in the wake of Tony’s disappearance.
“I...Pietro, he was a runner. He, uh, works for Howard now,” Tony said quietly, and Steve didn’t miss the use of his father’s first name. “It’s hard work, I mean, people have died doing it, you know? I just….he ran across the city for me, and, I dunno, I wanted to ask. I don’t think anyone ever has before. Or said ‘thank you.’ Maybe we should.”
“What do you
“Communal floor first, J,” he mumbled, leaning against the wall and half-closing his eyes.
There were thumps and scrapes overhead, presumably the archer climbing around in the elevator shaft, and then the earsplitting screech of metal on metal as the elevator was hauled upwards. Tony jumped a little, made to grab at the smooth wall. His fingers slipped over the steel, erratic and shaky. Steve moved his hand from Tony’s knee and the smaller man’s breath caught for just a second before Steve rested it on his shoulder.
Tony snorted humorlessly, finally sitting back to look at Steve. “Yeah, sure, everyone was
“What’s Tony? Sorry, wait,
“I know,” Tony whispered. “And, and this isn’t like, a failing on your part Steve, I swear, it’s just-“
He pretended not to notice Bucky’s flinch at the casual slur.
Sitting had been a mistake. Steve was looming over him, spitting an endless stream of insults, and Tony sat in a sprawl staring at some point behind the super-soldier’s thigh and trying to force Howard’s voice out of his head.
is a way to keep him contained. He’s alloykinetic, he’s a threat,” Clint retorted.
“Sleep now, honey. I’ll be here when you wake up, promise.”
Steve opens the door. Freezes. Stares.
eager to tell me how much of a freak of nature I was. A Welthari Omega? It’s against every law of nature there is. Omegas are built to be
“Yeah, Stark, you call that the smartest AI in the world? Honestly, can you do anything right? Are you even listening to me?
Tony was still struggling to sit up and move away when Natasha reentered the room. “Bruce is on his way, ETA ten minutes. He needs to know what you took, Tony.”
At Jarvis’s affirmative, Steve turned and plodded back up the stairs.
Tony met her gaze steadily. “If I wanted to, I could drag the iron from your blood, and you’d be dead before you hit the ground.”
It didn’t come. He was empty. He was powerless. The space where his magick lived was a gaping, bloody hole and it hurt, it
Tony couldn’t answer Jarvis if she wanted to. The words won’t come, lying dormant in her stomach, and she can’t quite convince herself it’s safe to speak.
A different scene pulled up a video from one of Jarvis’s cameras. Tony knew it would be the elevator even before it started playing. Thankfully, there was no audio, but Tony still flinched when his on-screen self did, and winced as his own head cracked into the steel. The video skipped ahead to the second time, but Tony waved it away before it could get started.
Tony shifted, very aware of what his answer would mean. “I, uh...I don’t remember all that well, but I think, four? Something like that. Definitely when I was five and six, and then they started figuring things out, so a bunch more before I was ten, and after that I was, y’know, presenting, and….lots of things you can do, with an O.”
Tony knows what she looks like. Dried salt on her cheeks, puffy red eyes ringed black with sleepless nights; a tiny, desperate thing staring at Steve.
“And?” Bucky asked pointedly.
LeapOf_Faith is still my savior who deserves cookies and hugs forever! She helped me get over writer's block here and is honestly the main reason this chapter is getting posted, because otherwise I would second-guess myself a hundred times and let it rot in the depths of my google docs. Sing her praises.
. The more Steve thought about a younger Tony Stark waiting in vain to be rescued, about Howard somehow being able to stand not going through heaven and hell to get his son back, the more he wanted to hit something. Anything. Howard, maybe.
“What?”
“Just wait. It’ll get weirder,” a rough voice said from behind him. By some silent signal that got the two men moving, pushing Tony along.
There was series of thumping and scraping noises overhead, and then the unbearable scream of metal on metal, the sensation of moving upwards. Tony grabbed at the wall, or tried to—it was all slick, smooth, steel and he couldn’t grip it. Steve’s hand moved from his knee, and for just a moment the genius felt his breath catch before the warm weight settled on his shoulder. Tony waited for his body to flinch, contract, react in some way to what was normally a trigger, but nothing. He still remembered too many heavy hands on his shoulders, could still see the handprint bruises there afterwards, and Steve Rogers’ hand should feel no different...but yet.
Tony can feel the pressure building behind her eyes and nods quickly, before the tears come. Steve climbs over and around her, settling in a firm warm line all along Tony’s back. She rubs one thumb in gentle circles on Tony’s shoulder and Tony
with that? Why are you offering to do so much work for me?” Bucky snapped.
“Bucky,” Steve warned, “let him go.”
Fuck.
“Nat, get Bruce, wherever he is.”
In which Nat is protective and two spy/assassin/superheroes knock some sense into Steve. Also there is angst. And Star Wars.
Steve looked unimpressed. “Properly. Eight hours at least, in your own bed, at night, the whole nine yards.”
But that was a problem to deal with later. For now, they needed information.
“-ony? Tony, it’s alright, darling, I promise, I know, it’s okay, you’re doing so well, breathe for me, okay? Breathe, darling.”
Natasha had the doors about halfway open, so he just pushed through her and past Clint, earning a chorus of three “Tony?”s as he half-ran to the stairwell. Shaking hands in his pockets, he leaned on the wall for balance and stumbled down several flights to the workshop. The ‘bots whirred nervously as he stalked in, hovering a ways from the door.
So if Steve wanted to see a thief, he was looking the wrong way.
“Stay here,” Bucky started, but Tony was already pushing past him.
She wishes, inside the screaming, bloody cacophony in her head, that she were less pathetic.
Neither Tony nor Bucky spoke for several long minutes, until a knock at the door had both of them on their feet.
“I can
Everything was in an uproar.
Jarvis interjected quietly,
“Okay, Tony, you don’t have to say anything or move, okay? I just need you to tap your fingers once for yes, twice for no. Can you do that for me?” Steve asked.
“Watch it, Stark,” Natasha snarled, “don’t be so foolish as to think you have footing here.”
Experimentally Tony reached for his magick. It was right where it always was, coming to the surface with a familiar prickling sensation. He wiggled his fingers and a few of Clint’s arrows floated into the air. Clint shouted and snatched them back in an instant, but everyone had seen.
Steve tilted her head. “Touch starvation?”
A hand reached out and found his knee, and Tony’s whole body snapped away, throwing his head into metal once more as he scrambled back, back,
She manages a tiny nod, and Steve brushes Tony’s hair back from her face, soothing, and it’s so good but not enough.
Steve didn’t not like Tony, really. It was just that when they were around each other, things tended to get...heated. And he was already a barely contained storm of more grief and anger than he ever would’ve thought possible, and the whole situation was a storm three seconds from breaking.
all over the place, but he couldn’t bring himself to care. His internal organs were twisting up and vanishing, like a snake eating its own tail.
Tony sat up again. “Speaking of...I meant what I said. I would build you an arm.”
“Yeah, God forbid Captain America have a mean bone in his body. Leave it, will you? Just leave me alone.”
“Fine.”
Steve shifted uncomfortably and cleared his throat. “Right. So, obviously, we’re meant to be turning you in to the Registration, but this is...unprecedented. You being an Omega and all.”
. It was officially the third time in a row he’d worked himself to the point of passing out, and the last two times it’d only been for a few hours on the workshop couch. A proper bed and maybe some food would be good. Great, actually.
, he hadn’t meant to open his mouth, hadn’t meant to say anything, but it just slipped out. Steve didn’t even really believe any of it—maybe at first, but after months in the Tower? No. And maybe, if it had ended there, with one short little comment, he could tell himself there was too much happening and he took it out on Tony, and that wasn’t good, but it was fine.
“Steve, are you insane?” Bucky asked, “You heard him!”
Comments and kudos make me squeal and dance around like a maniac and that's fun!!! I wanna keep doin it!!
“And I said no!” Tony snapped, attempting to shove away and swaying dangerously. “I’m not, I’m not, not gonna throw up.”
“Runner,” Bucky explained to Tony’s evidently confused look. “One of the perks of Registration is we always have some ready to go.”
,” Steve murmurs, reaching the edge of the bed in an instant.
Tony was lead into the nearest house, whose inside was just as unassuming as the outside. The door shut too loudly behind him and he was released. Spinning around, Tony found himself face-to-face—okay, fine, chest-to-face—with Steve. Steve, who was blocking the door. Steve, who was also looking almost sheepishly down at Tony.
“Practice?” Bucky leaned forward, “Sta—Tony, how old were you, when you had to learn that?”
Tony nods and promptly tries to sink directly into the depths of the earth. Steve pulls the blankets back a bit with a soft smile.
back to Registration before you use up your magick and pass out.”
Steve?” Nat yelled.
“You pissed her off, man,” Clint said from where he was leaning on the counter. “Nat’s touchy about that stuff.”
Both of them? Tony twisted around, trying to see what else the man was holding, but he was stuck fast.
Steve paused, tracing a finger over the arc reactor. “You’re the Iron Woman, and unlike the rest of us who owe our powers to fate or science or mentors, Iron Woman is just you. Nothing and no one else. That’s so amazing, Tony, you have no idea.”
He hesitated. “This is the fifth, sir.”
Steve made for the stairs, darting down two, three at a time. When he slid into the narrow hallway outside the workshop, he was greeted not with the faint blue glow of the holograms forever hovering around the space, but with a solid black wall. He tried his code at the door.
She’d had Jarvis wake Steve, dragged her poor girlfriend down to her room for a hug because she was that fucking pathetic, Jesus Christ. She’d really made Steve tell her how amazing and perfect she was, had cried into her chest like a helpless damsel in distress,
Right. Babbling. He should. He should not, not do that. “I...I build things? Alloykinetic, I move metal, it makes sense, um. I could try….it’d probably be easier for you—unless you
, and then--nothing, actually. There were definitely bandages, sticking to his skin, possibly (probably) some stitches. Something was quietly beeping to the left, otherwise the only sound was Tony’s breathing.
“Hey, so, d’you want to tell me what was going on last night? Jarvis didn’t say much.”
“Keep an eye on him, yeah, I got it. I’ll be fine, Steve.” Steve hesitated.
Fuck. She hates this.
And then the previous night’s memories come flooding back in.
“Get out,” he hissed, “get
Tony blinked. “What.”
“Isn’t it just-”
“We heard him screaming from
could’ve made it.
“But nothing. You’re doing more harm than good every time you try to fix things with him, Steve. Let Nat mother-hen Tony for an hour and then just...I dunno, avoid him for a couple days.”
please…”
The streets were empty and quiet. Stormclouds roiled dark and dangerous overhead, but somehow Steve didn’t think that was the cause for the lack of search party. The only moving thing in sight was a single hunched servant making their way down the street.
Something was
Tony would’ve laughed if he wasn’t close to exploding. “You think I’ve been
So, the stuff inside the arrow was indeed an explosive, as Tony found out (safely, he hid behind a tree after he lit the fuse, he didn’t have a death wish), but it barely scorched the grass around it. So either the Registration had terrible weapons or they hadn’t actually been trying to kill him. Both seemed equally likely.
“He’s an Omega.”
“Why are you so
“Not yet, but we will be.”
Oh. Well then. “You’ll let us know, though, if anything happens?”
Clint shook his head. “Sorry, can we go back to the part where you tell me who the hell this Tony guy is, because who knows, maybe he just didn’t have his band for some reason, we could check with the Registra-“
, leave me alone, why didn’t I know?”
“Jarvis, time,” he muttered, no longer meaning the time of day but rather the likely unholy amount of hours he’d been holed up in the ‘shop.
, or I swear to God, Rogers-” and Tony was all but hyperventilating, yanking at the cuffs (padded, not that it helped), bent double trying to breathe, because Peggy was
Tony pushed a hand through his hair and leaned back, deciding to call it quits for the night/day/whatever. It was the fourth time he’d burned himself in about an hour.
The person in front of him shifted from Howard to Steve and back again, the elevator was beginning to close in and he wasn’t going to be able to hide his shaking hands for much longer and and and-
Steve makes a small, whiny sound, just for himself. He hates not being able to do anything, hates waiting. He’s always been a man of action, and to be forced into a state of inaction makes him antsy.
He didn’t follow after me.
Then Steve steps out of the elevator, evidently freshly showered.
Tony rolls his eyes, as if understanding that for now, the fight is over. Steve feels himself relax.
Steve collects himself quickly, schooling confusion off his face. “Right,” he says, mimicking Tony’s smile. “Right,” he says again, mostly to himself.
“Well, that’s a look,” he says, setting down two cups of coffee.
Tony turns, eyebrows furrowed at first at being shouted at, then his face brightens when his gaze lands on Steve, who is already making his way to him; the smile on his face makes Steve’s traitorous heart swell.
Steve crosses his arms over his chest. “I don’t like schemes.”
“Where is this coming from?” Steve asks, letting go of Tony’s hands, which means he’s mad too, which drives Tony
His breaths are even as the door opens. For a split second, his eyes meet that of his attacker; he was right, it was someone from Stane’s crew, and Steve barely raises his gun and then the window behind him explodes with force. The man’s head tips back, a bullet lodging itself right in between his eyebrows.
“Hello?”
Steve huffs out a laugh and walks to him, picking up the broom and dustpan on the way. “Did you at least find your phone?”
“If this is okay, then I’d hate to see what bad is,” Steve says, smiling a little. He hands Tony a paper towel, and Tony blows his nose noisily. “Wanna talk about it?”
“It’s not that.”
In his claw is an arc reactor, similar to the one Steve’s seen up close before, and looking much cleaner than what Steve had seen earlier.
“Go get some rest,” he hears Tony say to Natasha. There’s a beat, and Steve can tell Natasha’s rolling her eyes.
They stay in that position for a while, Steve’s hand resting against the back of Tony’s neck, breathing the same air.
“Doesn’t he have the secret service for this? Deep cover shit or whatever?” Tony continues, beginning to pace. “Come on Bazooka Joe, I’ve got better things to do.”
Tony had gotten home so late last night that he still feels a little drunk when he wakes up. He downs a glass of water and crawls into the shower, the world still spinning when he steps out, and digs around his closet. He curses himself for forgetting to have his laundry done, and reaches into the recesses of the cabinet in the hopes of something decent to wear.
“Sure, let me,” Steve says, apparently deciding to finally get up.
“Let me help you,” Steve says, frowning down at him.
Steve laughs and slides his hands up Tony’s back, hitching his shirt up. “You earned that right a long while back,” he says, lifting Tony’s shirt off him.
Tony smiles, soft and shy and so unlike how Steve knew him, before all this. “Happy anniversary,” he says, bending down a little to kiss the tip of Steve’s nose.
A startled laugh bubbles out of Steve: “Gross is good,” he says, and means it.
“I want you to know that effective immediately, I am turning you all out of house and home,” Tony says, standing up and looking down at all of them imperiously.
“I hate being alive,” he says, slumping over the coffee machine and mournfully pressing buttons to make himself a drink.
, except now Steve has become distinctly aware of every time Tony touches him. It feels electric, every time, and it makes Steve not want things to go back to normal for a little while, until he realizes how crazy that sounds.
Steve shakes his head. “You always go too hard.” Then the realization hits him: he knows for a fact that Tony only ever does this when they're together. It’s never been explicit, never discussed or planned ahead, but in the times they’ve spent with other people, Tony’s as in-control as usual.
“Well—” she starts.
Rhodey sighs, settles in, and wonders what on earth Steve could have done all those years ago that Tony’s still affected.
Steve stares down at his phone, then adds:
In the dim light, Steve can see Tony wiggle his eyebrows. “Yeah?”
The bar is dark, all leather and wood, with paraphernalia from the 20s strewn about. They even have lamps that look to be from that period, but tables are candle-lit. Over the speakers comes muted tinkles of jazz.
The interview is held in the balcony adjacent to the helipad, and Steve and the reporter sit down just as Tony arrives with his usual panache, the automated arms of the landing port disassembling the suit as Tony walks towards them. Steve doesn’t hold back on the fond eye roll, and bites back a smile when he sees the reporter take note of his reaction.
What he does know is that he wants Tony to stay.
“Now we just have to make sure the President stays alive,” Steve says, hefting his weekend bag over his shoulder.
Tony snorts. “Unlikely to be our last,” he says.
“Oh, you know, sure,” Steve says sardonically. He doesn’t shrug off Tony’s hand, but Tony moves away anyway. “Everyone keeps saying that.”
Steve’s head to his chest, keeping his head elevated. With his other hand, the one not carding through Steve’s hair, he’s pressing down on a hole in Steve’s stomach. He keeps touching Steve, his hand moving erratically from Steve’s hair, to his face, to his shoulder, his neck. When Natasha finally gets close enough, she can barely hear Tony whispering.
Steve flips through the consolidated reports on Winter Soldier sightings again, checking to see if he’d missed anything. For two months now, all Steve had done was read and wait for updates. Slowly, the rest of the Avengers had found their way into the tower; still, only Steve and Tony remained permanent fixtures while everyone else filtered in and out.
“Will be once we land.”
, for crying out loud.”
Tony huffs out a laugh. “I’m gonna need the—you know,” he says, waving his hand in the air. “Got this piece of garbage in my chest.”
Steve huffs, tears out the page. “Fuck,” he hisses. He crumples up the paper and throws it towards the growing pile by the bin.
Steve’s skin prickles at the crisp chill of autumn. He watches the traffic, hears a door opening, closing.
Tony quirks his lips up at Steve, a silent question over being observed.
Steve nods. “I remember.”
Tony huffs out a small laugh. “Good one,” he says, leaning back onto the chair. He drums his fingers on the table, and Steve inexplicably misses the warmth of Tony’s hand.
the kind of person to galavant around and kiss people and make them fall in love with them and—Steve stands up, trying to stop himself from spiraling further.
Then Tony ran.
“Come here.”
“Yes.”
“Sure,” Bruce draws out the word, disbelief evident in his tone. “That happen often?”
“I need you alive.”
“Okay,” Tony says noncommittally. He continues to push tools around on the desk, and doesn’t look at Steve.
Tony purses his lips, then sighs. “I knew getting drinks with you was a bad idea,” he murmurs.
“I’m not doing anything.” Steve says, crossing his arms over his chest. “It’s fine.”
After lunch, Tony shows them his room, which is right across Tony’s. Steve wants to ask why they don’t just share, but feels that it might be improper. Still, Steve ends up in Tony’s room after lunch, and watches as Tony grinds up some weed.
“Fine, let’s do it,” he says.
Tony’s grin gets even bigger. “I know,” Tony says, and takes a sip of the coffee.
“They can wait,” Tony says, smirking at Steve. “But okay. Thanks, really.”
“I figure you have more experience.”
Steve couldn’t help but be charmed, and that’s how it started—coffee and dinner, whenever they were free and Tony didn’t have plans with his then-girlfriend, Jan. Steve still kept his full-time job, even if Tony bought enough of his art to pay his rent for the year, but they started as friends. Steve didn’t know how to make them more than that—it feels like that ship has set sail.
Steve is familiar with the motion, and that’s the only time he realizes: “What happened to your—” he says, as he gestures to his own sternum.
Steve feels light. For the first time in a long time, warmth has spread over his chest, and he feels loose. Nothing matters. The flask, small as it is, refills as it empties, and
“Unwinding with Captain America?” I’d teased, with the last of my energy.
The gesture is what tips the slow swell of affection that had begun to bloom in Steve’s chest into a full crescendo, and this is probably why, at this exact moment, the lights of New York shining around them, Tony’s hand on top of his, that Steve leans down and kisses Tony.
“Hey.” He sounds tentative.
They move toward Steve’s balcony and Tony lights up, taking a long drag before passing the joint to Steve. Steve wonders idly if Tony just has drugs on his person at all times, but wouldn’t put it past him; after all, he’s Tony Stark. Even after all this time, it’s still a marvel to him that they’re friends—that they could be more than that, if one of them decided to finally make a move.
“Oh Steve, it was literally
Something has always simmered between us. It’s felt like we’ve just been pushing, inch by inch, to see how tenuous the wall in between us really is. At least, it’s been that way with me—constantly testing, trying to figure out his limit. Of course we were friends first, until one day something shifted between us. In the years that have passed I can’t say when it was, or how. It’s not like I kept us under surveillance. Well. I think I’m above using what surveillance I have for that, at least.
Steve feels a little pathetic, daydreaming about the Anonymous Man as he settles down in a cafe across the historical landmark he set out to see. He can’t help but dream up scenarios in which the man comes to have a cup of coffee, and then they share a look of recognition, and Steve asks him to sit, and they chat and—well.
Steve grunts, but nods anyway: “Fine.”
, instead?” Steve hasn’t heard of it, and says so.
Thankfully, Tony meets him halfway.
Tony wants to do a number of unspeakable things to Steve at that moment, overwhelmed with how beautiful Steve looks, has looked over the past few hours. Tony wants to make him blush some more, wants to take Steve’s face in his hands and feel the heat on his cheeks on his fingertips, proof that some physical reactions were caused by him and him alone, no script needed.
Tony sighs, fiddling with the cuffs of the jacket. “God,” he says, and feels his voice echo around his apartment. The hours that followed Steve’s proposal were some of the worst in Tony’s memory, and he decides to make himself some food to get his mind off it.
“Why does it matter?”
“Stop
Steve looks at Tony, eyes shut and boneless, and feels a surge of courage as he bends down to press a kiss on Tony’s forehead.
Tony notices that Steve hasn’t gotten up, and looks down at Steve, alert. “Steve?”
At the compliment, Tony turns to Thor with a look of disbelief.
Bucky is alive, and
“Really? Not even a ‘sorry’ for making me save your dumb ass?” Tony’s eyebrows are knitted together. “Thanks for staunching the blood, sorry I bled all over the quinjet and almost caused you a heart attack, sorry I almost died, Tony,” Tony adds mockingly. “Any of those will do.”
“What about it?” Tony asks, looking a bit concerned now.
He catches a glimpse of copper bands wrapped around a pale blue ring before Tony bats his hands away and pulls down his shirt. “Let’s just get out of here and then I’ll deal with it,” he says, sounding out of breath.
me, buddy,” Tony says, walking over to Steve. “And on Thor’s mead, too. Care to share?”
Steve wakes up from a dreamless sleep and feels completely exhausted. For the past two days, Steve did his best to coerce himself out of bed, move, get some endorphins in his system—create happiness out of sheer force of will.
Steve wrinkles his nose as he looks around the intersection he’s found himself on. He tries not to be too obvious about it, and he hates when he gets sympathetic looks from the locals. So he glances at the street sign, then back at the shopfront.
“Hey man, if you really don’t want to go we won’t force you,” Rhodey says, gently pulling Tony back up. He gives Pepper a warning look over Tony’s head.
There are a lot of answers to that. Tony settles on the truth. “Not really.”
It’s only when it’s just the two of them that Tony drops the act.
Evidently, it wasn’t as important as getting pie with Steve.
,” Clint cuts in, because it’s just too much.
“I love you,” Tony says.
Steve sighs, kicks off his slippers, and digs his toes into the sand as he looks out at the sea. He’s always loved beaches, loved the vast expanse of water, loved the way the sand got cold if you dug deep enough. He looks down at Tony when he hears the telltale fizz of a bottle being opened, and watches as Tony takes a long drink of beer.
amount).
“I think we’re pretty golden, Steve,” Tony says.
“Well.” There’s a bit of conviction now to Tony’s voice, now, so Steve knows he’s lost.
“I can’t believe we’re doing this,” Steve said, his breath hot against my stomach.
Tony cups Steve’s jaw gently, turning his head back to face him. “Steve,” he says, and Steve feels on fire with the sheer force of his need—to have Tony closer to him, to touch him, any part of him. He’s sure he’s never felt this way about anyone, ever, his whole body suddenly angling for closeness.
His media player, like an asshole, plays from the moment he’d last exited the video. On screen, in high definition, Tony watches himself hold Steve close, watches as he takes Steve’s jaw in his hand and turns his face up, watches as he kisses Steve, open and lewd.
When he wakes up again, Tony’s already sitting up on his side of the bed, thumbing through his phone.
Bruce stands from the couch, as well. “Steve,” he says, “we can talk, if you want.” It’s a last-ditch effort, Steve can tell.
, his mind is going strange places—he imagines touching the man’s wrist, asking his name, laughing and chatting with him until the attraction boils over and drives them to act. He imagines kissing him against the wall in one of the side streets leading out of the plaza. He imagines the sounds the man would make, how Steve would ruck up his shirt. He feels his cheeks heat, and feels a little like a deviant.
It’s a good thing Natasha decided against taking a sip, else she would have choked on it.
“I just didn’t tell you,” Tony leans in to whisper conspiratorially, as if it isn’t just the two of them in the room. “Didn’t want to embarrass you,” he adds.
All he wants is to find Bucky.
“Way to set the mood, Cap,” Tony cuts him off easily, a grin on his lips that doesn’t meet his eyes.
Tony keeps kissing him, making him walk backwards until he bumps into a wall, then they’re laughing and shushing each other. Tony quiets as he turns and digs his keys out of his pocket. He makes an impatient sound when Steve presses up behind him, resting his hands on Tony’s hips.
The next three hours are spent talking amongst one another about what that means for them in their respective relationships. They’re all seated a few feet away from each other, giving them a sense of privacy. It’s not hard for Steve to pick up what they’re all saying to one another over the low buzz of conversation.
So Steve stops, a foot away from Tony, looking more scared than Tony’s ever seen him.
but instead, someone in the room sniffles, and the conversations all stop.
Steve bites his lip and looks away. “I mean, if you have the time.”
He was hoping that saying words would somehow jumpstart his thought process to find a way to talk himself down, but it doesn’t help. Now he feels even more frazzled.
He meant to go see the Casa de las Conchas—a large, Gothic building with seashells dotting along its facade. It also housed a public library.
“Pep, this is Steve. Steve, Pepper.”
—but Tony’s workshop is a marvel he never would have dreamt up. There are so many machines, all clean lines and smooth movement, working at absurd precision as they whir around and build. Big, blue holograms with Tony’s designs, blown up with their measurements displayed on glass. Movie makers couldn’t come up with this in their wildest dreams, and Tony had thought this all up and
“Give me some credit,” Steve says. “I’m pretty sure I’ve been saying this for a while, now.” Tony shakes his head, dismissing Steve’s attempt at levity.
“Nothing!” Steve nearly shouts. “I said I’m fine! Can’t I just let loose once in a while?”
“That’s good, hi, hello, hey, hey,” a constant stream of noise. Words.
Of course, it’s not like Tony knows, which is the trouble.
“It’s about justice. About taking a stand.” Tony’s voice softens. “The difficulty of it all.” A beat, then Tony turns to Steve: “Anyway, that's why I thought you’d like it.”
“She—” Tony whirls around and points at Pepper. “Asked my
“Ugh.”
“I know I sound insane because I took all of this on and I’m just—I’m trying, and it’s hard, and it shouldn’t be, and it wouldn’t be so hard if I just stopped
Tony shakes his head.
Shame was burning in my belly, but the question lifted my spirits somewhat. Still, I knew I couldn’t stay; inexplicably, I felt like getting back at him for walking away. I felt like I needed to keep some of my dignity despite the fact that I’d almost kissed him, just then.
. She disregards him and continues. “What
He had just finished his dissertation defense, and Steve had invited him over for the weekend to celebrate. Steve had prepared a picnic for lunch, and the spring air was cool as they lazed on the blanket and ate sandwiches.
right off the bat, and he spends the few minutes waiting by watching the crowds milling about.
“The roof?” Steve asked, but followed me up anyway.
“You okay? Should I call the others?” Bruce remains seated, knows to keep his gestures small.
“Oh, I’d really rather, um, I’d rather not,” Steve says, patting Tony’s forearm awkwardly.
“Yeah, I know.”
Tony huffs, then walks onto the set. Nick is already in his seat, going through the boards. “Play nice with this one,” he says, and he doesn’t lift his head as he says it.
“JARVIS?” Steve says, looking around his room.
“If I have the time,” Tony repeats to himself, sounding disbelieving. “Steve.” He steps in front of Steve, forcing him to meet Tony’s gaze. “I have all the time in the world for you.”
Tony begins to laugh, a nervous, half-hysterical thing. “Oh, wow” he says. “Christ.”
“What happened to Bucky, what Bucky has done, doesn’t mean I didn’t fail, it just means the story isn’t over, and everyone still thinks I’m so good, when I’m not. I’m the jerk who left his friend for dead, and now that friend is all alone in the world, again. And I couldn’t do anything about it, and I still can’t now,” he finishes, and takes a small sip of his now cold coffee.
Thankfully, the man comes back, easy smile on his lips as he sets down plates of food. “Did you like the beer?” He asks, and Steve nods, and doesn’t look at the man any longer. He tries to subdue the desire stirring in his gut. He doesn’t want to be so weird about it, but
Thor settles into one of the cots and promptly falls asleep.
“Oh Jesus, Thor,” Clint says, happiness plain on his face.
Steve kisses Tony again, almost desperate, this time. “Is this about Bucky?” Tony sucks in a breath at the question, horrified at being discovered. Steve hums, then he runs one hand down Tony’s back, up his arm, down his side. A reminder of his presence. Tony is suddenly grateful for it.
It sends a thrill through Steve, this sudden openness, but he’s quick to tamp it down. It’s all practice, anyway. Still, it’s nice to have Tony this close, a constant warm body, kissing and holding hands. Steve tries to live in the moment instead of worrying about what this could all mean. He’s good at that.
They do a few more takes, try one where Steve’s wearing a different shirt, and one where Steve is talking to the gaffer, so his gaze is set off camera.
Over lunch, they introduce themselves. The President is there with his wife, and Steve and Tony shake his hand. Of course Tony’s met him before, probably even donated to his campaign. They sit beside each other and make small talk; Steve leaves them to it.
Tony makes a few strangled sounds, accepts the cup of coffee from Steve, and turns to walk out.
Once a few moments have passed and Clint is sure Tony’s out of earshot, he turns to Steve with a raised brow.
Tony’s still tucked against him, breathing softly against Steve’s neck.
Everything is fuzzy after that; I can’t recount in time what happened next. Kissing Steve was a revelation, and it made me think that this like it’s what kissing should
Again, Tony’s hand is on his jaw, turning Steve’s head to face his. “Steve,” Tony says, and ducks his head a little so he’s in Steve’s line of sight. Steve’s eyes meet his, and Tony offers up the smallest of smiles. “Hi,” Tony says, his voice soft.
What finally makes Steve break is when Tony burrows beside Steve and picks Steve’s arm up to drape over himself, twisting around so his forehead is just against Steve’s armpit.
“Man,” Sam looks up from his phone to give Steve a once over, “I don’t want to hear anything, if you don’t wanna talk about it,” he says, looking back at his phone.
“Steve?” Tony says, sharper now, but Steve can barely hear Tony’s voice. The sides of his vision are beginning to darken. Tony grips Steve’s shoulder. “Hey.
“Fri, call Bruce.”
It's all so new, being in love and being permitted to say it.
Rhodey stands beside him and watches as Tony sullenly pokes his omelet.
Tony clears his throat.
Steve takes a deep breath, and pulls the trigger.
“Hate’s a big word,” Steve chides.
“Tell me about…” Steve pauses, thinking. “About the last thing you built.”
“—you’re so fucking heavy, Jesus Christ, no more Doritos for you, no more
Tony rolls his eyes and groans before burying his face in his hands. “Exist,” he says, voice muffled by his palms.
“He’s worth more to them alive,” Natasha said, hand on his shoulder. “We’ll find him.”
They don’t have time to say anything else, arriving at the scene of the AIM attack. Natasha’s too focused on staying alive, listening on the comms for the next move, when she notices that a line has gone silent just as the battle winds down.
Sometimes, and these are the ones he likes best, he leans over in the three minutes allotted to them and presses a soft kiss to Tony’s lips.
“Am I the only one getting whiplash at the pace of our conversations?” Tony says, placing his hands on Steve’s shoulders and motioning to get off Steve’s lap. Steve’s hands snap to Tony’s hips, keeping him there.
“I’m not lying to myself,” Steve snaps. “We just don’t have the whole picture!”
The session ends with Janet telling them to go for a walk, giving them all time alone to talk about their “exercise in intimacy.” The irony isn’t lost on Steve.
Steve brushed Tony’s hair away from his face, smiling dopily at him. “Marry me,” he said.
Maybe he’s just making it all up in his head. That’s the easy solution, isn’t it? And that’s usually the answer: start with the easiest answer and work your way up. He can already see Natasha rolling her eyes at him.
Steve scrambles, takes the new reactor from Dum-E. “Now very carefully, just—reach in with that wire and click it into place.”
Steve wakes up to the smell of cake. That is, cloyingly sweet, with a hint of vanilla and milk. He opens his eyes slowly, and the blinds are rolled up and the windows flung open. The sun is shining in, and Tony is sitting beside him, naked and unashamed and holding a slice of cake.
Steve fumbles. “You… kept checking on how I was doing.”
“I just don’t understand why she’d ask him to dinner!”
We stared at each other in the darkness, only punctuated by the hum of the air conditioning unit.
Steve turns off the lights and lies down beside Tony, whose face is half-illuminated by his bedside table lamp. Steve looks at him, and all the feelings from earlier come rushing back as he notices the way the shirt collar is too loose on him, how his waves are looser now that they’re not slicked up with product.
Steve smiles again, right before pressing a kiss to Tony’s shoulder. “Step one,” he says. “The problem is you’re afraid I don’t love you. Step two: find out how to show you that I do.” He pauses, and Tony feels breathless as he presses another kiss to Tony’s bare skin. “Step three. Hypothesis? If I show Tony I love him all the time, then eventually he’ll believe me.”
Steve glances at Tony, noting that he’s fresh from a shower, wearing a black tank top and sweatpants. Want stirs, unbidden, inside him. Steve covers his face with his hands and sighs.
Scene four, five, six: the sureness of his arm around my waist as I picked him up off the ground in the suit, a mutual understanding that neither of us acknowledged out loud.
My ears felt warm and I took a deep breath.
Steve leans back on the couch, hands on Tony’s waist. He smirks, lopsided. “I’m a quick study.”
It’s been a while since Steve has done one of these confessional-type videos. After a PA has adjusted his seat and they’d tested the lighting, Steve takes a seat by the window of the cabin.
Steve picks up the piece with a sharpened edge. He’s fine. He’s fine. He draws sharp lines on the pad, and silences all thought as he draws the skyline, a few years ago so glaringly unfamiliar, but now, he’s able to sketch it out without having to look up. Steve sharpens another pencil, and his phone pings with a message from Sam:
Bruce gets up from his couch and offers his hand to Thor. “Come on Thor, let me show you how to twist.”
, he thinks to himself, massaging his temples with his hand.
“Do you know how much self control it took me not to take a video of you singing ‘Oklahoma’? Let me tell you, Steve. I should get an award for my self control.”
“Oh, shit,” he hears Tony hiss. “Bruce?” He shouts, across the living room.
. It doesn’t just apply to this moment. That fact shouldn’t hurt.
“Maybe,” I said, because I’m a weak man that’s grown attached. “But not for a while.”
“I’m glad you’re alive, Tony,” Steve whispers, looking back at the reactor in Tony’s chest. He reaches up and brushes his fingers against it, because he’s probably allowed to, since he helped put it in and everything—
But it’s fine. Really. They’ll find Bucky eventually, somehow, and it’ll be fine. At least he’s
The man turns to look at him and Steve is almost bowled over by how gorgeous he is; he tries his best not to stare, but it’s nearly impossible. His face is framed by a well-trimmed moustache and goatee, and his gaze is somehow arresting—he’d never thought that description made sense until this moment.
“Water,” Steve says, cataloging everything Jojo had brought over. “Cake?”
He looks up when the door swings open. Tony laughs at him again, and then, inexplicably, he tackles Steve onto the bed. All the air in Steve’s lungs
“Alright?” Natasha asks.
Nick calls cut, and they rearrange the lights. Tony and Steve stay in suspended motion.
Tony flips over and glares at Rhodey. “I resent that. I am the picture of perfection at all times.”
Tony taps his finger against Steve’s wrist.
“What happened?” Steve asks. Part of him just wants to ask JARVIS for the footage, to stew in the shame while alone in his room, but he also doesn’t want to leave while Tony’s visibly upset.
“Finally they sent a pretty one to come after me,” he manages to say, before breaking into a hacking cough. “Just my luck,” he adds, his voice rough.
The doorknob to Steve’s bedroom turns slowly, and Steve takes aim from behind his bed. It’s as fortified a position as any, right now, and he has the advantage.
“Yes,” Tony snipes. “Now if you don’t move so I can get up, I’m going back to sleep.”
“I didn’t want to bring them up,” Tony says earnestly.
“They’re really leaning into the speakeasy atmosphere, aren’t they,” Steve says, sipping his drink.
“Getting there,” Steve agrees, and risks slipping another hand under Tony’s shirt. Tony huffs appreciatively and leans in to kiss him.
“Been looking forward to this,” Steve says. He bites his lip for good measure, looking like he’s been waiting to touch Tony, and the look in his eyes is so sincere that Tony, against all rational thought, hopes he actually means it.
Eventually his curiosity gets the best of him and picks up his sketchbook, flipping idly through the pages until he’s met by a wall of text, a messy scrawl of writing that wasn’t his—he never wrote on this notebook.
Sam can always tell when something’s off. Not to discredit the rest of the team; they know too, after everything, it’s impossible not to know. But Sam, Sam’s just about as stubborn as Steve, and he won’t stop until Steve’s acknowledged that thinking and feeling about something for an hour isn’t enough to fully deal with the issue.
It shouldn’t hurt, but it does. Steve takes a second to center himself, think of something to say.
“You love it.”
Steve nods, then startles a little when Tony reaches down and rubs his fingers over Steve’s knuckles. “Just, you know. Talk. To me, or to Sam, or whoever. JARVIS, even. He’s great, kinda used to all the—” Tony makes a vague, fluttery motion with his other hand.
Steve turns to look at Tony. “Hi,” he says.
“You’re welcome.”
“What a strange dance,” Thor added. “You’re not meant to touch each other? Why?”
“It’s mine too, I just don’t know how to use a microwave!” Steve teases, raising his voice so Tony can hear him.
“Did they try to recreate the serum?”
Steve, and maybe he doesn’t mean to flirt and touch all the time but he still
“Fine.” Bruce tries not to eavesdrop, but can’t seem to focus—he’s read the same sentence thrice now.
“You okay?” He asks.
Tony hums, letting Steve know he’s thinking of his response. Steve appreciates the gesture immensely.
“Yeah, when I’m done,” Steve says with a laugh.
“Yeah, I. Medical’s on the way.” Natasha breathes out, and fully takes everything in now that she’s adjusted to the threat level.
“The movie nights?” Steve asks.
Tony’s still standing a little unsteadily, and Steve keeps his hand on the small of Tony’s back.
Tony is leaning lazily against the door of the kitchen, smirking down at Steve.
that. I don’t think I’m allowed to, not anymore. You know?” Tony makes a small sound of understanding.
Steve would’ve prickled at the earnestness of the tone if it were anyone else, but it’s Sam, so he just sighs and says, “I’m fine, Sam.”
“Enough!” Tony screeches, laughing so hard he’s nearly in tears. “I will not miss the tickling!”
Pepper sighs. “It’d help if we just knew why you broke up, honestly.”
The line rings, and the automated trill is cut when it’s picked up.
,” Steve sneers.
Then, as it is, the world’s on fire.
“All those times, I kept thinking I was running to find Bucky. Turns out, I was running away, too.” Steve swallows, blanching at the words tumbling out of his mouth. “I was—I was running away from my own pain, running away from being vulnerable. And all those times, Tony, I kept running into you.”
Steve reaches over the table, brushes his fingers over Tony’s wrist. “You okay?”
“Here, here,” Tony says, throwing the door open and pulling Steve inside. He slams Steve against the door, kissing him roughly. It seems like the privacy has unleashed something in Tony, who digs his fingernails into the skin of Steve’s shoulders, kisses Steve so deeply that he has to blink when Tony pulls away.
It’s a command from Steve with a privacy protocol. Search, identify, and surveil Sergeant James “Bucky” Barnes, also known as The Winter Soldier. Missing, found, and missing again as of six months ago. Tony frowns at the monitor. He knows he hasn’t read it wrong, but can’t believe it; he reads it again.
The words wouldn’t stop coming, and Tony was sitting on the floor like he didn’t care at all, about any of it, and Steve couldn’t stand that, he started grasping at any barbs he could find to dig under Stark’s skin. If he’d been in his right mind, if he’d paused for even a second, he would’ve noticed the vacant look and the trembling hands, but he hadn’t.
“Get out,” he found himself saying. “Get out, get out, I can’t-”
It was honestly a miracle Steve managed to get back to Clint at all, much less without being caught. He was still reeling from the revelation when he threw himself down into their hiding spot so forcefully Clint hissed, “Steve? Steve, you okay?”
“I know, Buck, just a minute. We need to get out of here. He can ride with me.”
Everything was a mess. They had a Welthari Omega in Clint’s house, the Registration probably wondering where four of its best trackers had disappeared to, and absolutely no clue what to do.
A moment later, Jarvis very quietly says “
Tony shrugged. “Sure.”
“Holy
,” Tony blurted, and Steve started a little, surprised. Tony knew he was displaying his connection to Au--to
“Tony,” he said again, “Tony, can I touch you?”
Tony bit her lip. “It’s, uh, well, it’s officially called touch starvation? Which is self explanatory, I guess.”
“I was the personal representative, Mr. Stark was on the list as well, but I figured, Howard’s dead...” Steve trailed off.
Okay. Tony swallowed and glanced toward Steve, who still hadn’t moved. The elevator was too small, and he was beginning to feel claustrophobic. At least the lights were still on.
I'm very excited to hear predictions for the next chapter based on this last scene. Or thoughts on what just happened in general. I think I made it fairly obvious, but what do y'all think? Comments and kudos make me smile and also write faster ;)
Tony pushed herself up a little bit, ready to leap to Steve’s defense, but Steve pressed her gently back down. “Hush. I know you want to prove me wrong, but shush for just a minute. I’m not puttin’ myself down here, just statin’ facts. You are amazing, Tony Stark. Don’t let anyone tell you you’re the weakest on the team just because you’re only human outside the suit. You were only human in Afghanistan, and look what you made from that.”
He hadn’t meant for things to go that way, truly. He’d just...he’d just gotten the call, that Peggy had...that Peggy was…
, she deserved to be thrown off the roof without a suit on.
A quiet, affirmative chime sounded in lieu of Jarvis’s voice, and the wall of glass went black.
“I’d just heard Peggy was gone, St--Tony, I wasn’t thinking straight-”
God, he wished it had stopped there.
“We weren’t sure what kind of state you’d be in-” Steve tried.
“This good?” Steve asks.
” Tony groaned for the third time, peeking up through his fingers and immediately closing his eyes again.
Clint was quiet for a moment after that. “We gotta tell the Registration. They’ll want to know.”
Steve laughs, raises Tony's hands to his lips. He turns Tony's hand over and presses a soft kiss to the inside of his wrist. He keeps his lips there for a second, and can't tell if the heartbeat he feels is Tony's or his own.
“Yes. Thank you,” Steve says, and they’ve backed away enough from each other that by now Steve’s by the door. “See you,” Steve says, and flees.
“Well, there goes my plans for the night,” Tony says with a dramatic sigh.
Tony huffs out a laugh. “You’ve got such big hands, Steve.”
The kiss starts off chaste, and then Steve finally remembers his hands, which he moves to rest on Tony’s hips, unsure whether to push or pull.
“Currently Dr. Banner is in India, Agent Romanoff in Washington, Thor remains off-world, and Agent Barton has requested that his location not be disclosed unless completely necessary. Sir should be arriving shortly.”
“Well. You didn’t make it easy,” he says. “I think we hated each other for a while.”
“Maybe,” Steve pauses for dramatic effect. “Maybe I’ll miss you as much as you miss me.”
cable-knit sweater. “Hey, isn’t that mine?”
Second, conduct research.
“Want to talk about what happened back there?” And only now does it register that Steve had nearly killed someone, that Steve had lost control so profoundly.
Sharon was standing shocked then she started walking and she touched his wings.
Loki looked at the winter soldier and smiled.
“Tony must die “ Vision said making Tony snap and look at him . His tears filled his eyes.
Steve kissed Peter's cheek and he's smiling.
He laid at his stomach cause his back was hurting him so badly.
In our room ? On our bed ? The way you’re facing her when you’re having sex ? you never faced me when we have sex ! And even when I ride you ! You always hate to face me ! shit the way your hand is on her chest exactly where her heart is ! You never liked my heart! I can see the disgust in your eyes when you see it ! When we have sex I always keep wearing something I never was shirtless when we were having sex ! When the first time we have sex it was because of me for sure I’m the one who pleaded you to have sex with me .
But Tony never been this quiet. Especially when he’s only 20 years old.
And now he’s trying to be with Thor just because he heard a voice telling him that ?! He’s a crazy!
He start making pancakes but to his surprise Steve, Bucky and Bruce was here.
“Mr Stark Please I don’t wanna go ! I wanna go home ! Please Mr stark ! “
After 1 month:
“Oh god ! What happened to Loki ?!” Tony get dressed and lefts .
Tony rolled his eyes but chose to shut up.
(See the end of the chapter for
They looked at Buck who was looking deadly at them .
“I’m dead now?” he asked him and The man chuckled.
Thor went back to the kitchen to find Tony crying and Steve was holding him. “Tony why you were so hard on him?” Thor asked and sitted back looking at Tony.
Stephan stood and crossed his arms.
Steve was already looking at him
“Maybe he’ll love you back “ Loki said and Bruce agreed with him .
Try after try and Tony was avoiding the punches.
