“Jack,” the Shadow sneered again with Dean’s voice, saying his voice like to left a bad taste in his mouth. “I kept him safe from your God. I did as Death asked, and what do I get out of the deal? Just
Dean, Cas, and Sam run into trouble from a foe that wants something they can't have. Castiel's past brings him unwanted attention.
Castiel shrugged nonchalantly. “She is very attractive.. I can’t argue with facts, nor do I feel threatened by her as she showed no interest in Dean.”
“Nope. Not gonna happen. Everybody’s pretty wasted, and Cas wouldn’t approve.” The words were out before she could think about them.
“How long you been running with those Winchester boys?” Nelson asked, trying to be nonchalant and failing as Cas saw him stealing glances to the table. He sighed, long suffering and already on edge.
Cas looked to him, sliding a hand under his chin as he lifted an eyebrow in amusement. “If you think Sam leaving when he did was a coincidence, you are much more naïve than I’d
“I wish I knew what magic they used to bind you to them. It’s powerful…” She shook her head as she tried to walk toward him feigning empty hands as a sign of peace.
“You remember that?” He looked at her with renewed interest, having been a vessel himself. "You were so young."
Cas shrugged and smiled softly, turning his attention back to her. “I believe in a lot of things you can’t always see.”
Dean closed the door and locked the handle and chain immediately behind he and Cas as they entered. He’d learned from years on the road never to grow complacent. He leaned against the door and smiled at Cas who was looking at the room with less than an excited expression, his duffle still strapped over his shoulder.
Sam gestured for lowered tones with his hand as eyes found their table again. “You two have to tone it down…You're the ones who chose your roles here…though I think it was unnecessary.” He looked from Dean to Cas, both of whom shrugged before casting their eyes elsewhere.
“Your date’ll be disappointed but duty calls,” Dean added with an apologetic tone as he threw a tip down on the table. Dean signaled to Sam and the others they were heading out and they were waved away, watching Mindy size up Jack and Sam but thinking better of it before she huffed and left. They stumbled out the door, through the thinning crowd until they got to the Impala. The alcohol had made them both more relaxed as the night had gone on and they were both giggling stupidly as they slid into the front seat.
Propping his face up on his palm and fighting not to smile again, Dean grumbled a reply. “Stop being so reasonable. It’s too early for that.”
"Cas..." Dean sighed out as he was worshipped with Cas' mouth. He pressed his palm into Cas' lower back, his fingers splayed and trembling. They both knew how close tonight had been. Dean wouldn't acknowledge it out loud but he knew. If Cas had been alone with her...Dean wasn't afraid. He was
“Come on. At least tell us what it’s like…” came another voice amongst the chorus. Sam and Dean both shuffled in their seats, since two Angelic creatures…or at least one half Angelic and one previously Angelic creature, were staring at them uncomfortably.
. It should have been me…and I never got to tell him I…” He let his words die off and his eyes found the ground as he felt his heart falter. He couldn't say it. Not even to Claire, but he felt her hand on his shoulder, a bit higher than where Cas' handprint had been, and she gave him a comforting squeeze to his arm before she spoke softly.
Dean’s heart seized up and he forgot how to breathe. Cas had kept it under the pillows…where Dean kept weapons, things to keep himself alive. The Colt. Photos of his mom…Cas had kept a stupid teddy bear he’d given him. “That’s not yours,” Dean snapped, that curl of anger whipping through him again.
Dean swallowed, abandoning the last bite of his sandwich and pushing the plate away to devote his attention to this conversation. “Kinks like…?”
Lizzie looked over to the table, looking between Mary, Jack, and Sam. She stopped and tilted her head as she looked at Sam. “Hmm. He has a pretty complicated aura as well.. I doubt he’s a believer though…”
“Then it’s settled…I guess…” Sam still looked between Dean and Claire with suspicion but Jack pulled his attention with a childish little roar he mimicked of the T-Rex, patting Sam’s leg to play.
What started as a smirk on Dean's face slid quickly away as his body responded to Cas' statement. He licked his lips and drew a blank on how to respond to that. He'd thrown him for a loop with his quick conversation segue, just like in real life...and though Cas was cocky about it, he wasn't fucking wrong...And just like in real life, Cas knew when he was stalling.
“Sickeningly so…” Sam said with an eye roll, but his smile showed the lack of sincerity in his gesture.
to.” Cas understood immediately, letting himself be drug down to the edge of the bed as Dean crawled off and stood. He lifted Cas’ legs again as he abruptly slid back in, ripping a pleasured moan from him. He immediately began snapping his hips forward roughly, their skin slapping together in the otherwise silent room, and Cas, for all his previous domineering, was beautifully pliant when Dean got like this. No arguing. No battling for dominance. It wasn’t necessary, because they were both chasing the same goal. Dean panted out as he rammed into him with fervor. Cas, thanks to his Angelic constitution, was already hard again, his dick bumping against his stomach as Dean fucked him. He quickly grabbed Dean’s wrists, locking their bodies together in an infinity loop of tanned and freckled skin. Dean’s muscles flexed and strained, sweat beading on his forehead and the small of his back, and he drank down the sweet sound of Cas’ sex whimpers like they were water. That gravelly tone always seemed to slip away when Dean had him…and he sounded so fragile…so human, but not to be fooled for long, Dean felt Cas grip his wrists with his supernatural strength, surely leaving a bruise tomorrow...before he let go of one hand and gripped his own dick while Dean continued to crash their bodies together. Cas arched his back and clenched himself around him as he began fucking into his own hand, and the sight of him falling apart and their bodies joined together snapped something in Dean's exhausted brain.
“Never heard you voice an actual complaint. You like the game,” Cas replied as he arched his back of the seat and undid his belt buckle and zipper in record time, stroking himself through the thin fabric of his boxer briefs.
were acting.” Cas grinned now. “I told her when I planned to return and she decided to kick it up a notch to get Sam to come see her. Your little temper tantrum as I was waiting for Sam to leave made things a bit more difficult…But Eileen getting Sam to her house is what you’d call a win-win for all of us.”
He should have felt some type of embarrassment as Cas made quick work of prepping him and then entered him from behind, the two of them locked together like animals. It really was an apt description. Cas, wings out like some mythical bird of prey, and Dean, incapable of more than grunts and moans as their skin slapped together, drowning out the angry, distant thunderclaps as the rain fell on them…and at that moment maybe they were something more than an Angel and human, but neither cared. They were focused only on their skin, the sound, the warmth, and the fullness that one another brought. Dean couldn’t see Cas’ wings, which was a shame, but he could hear them as they rustled and moved with every thrust, and the tickle of air along his back with their movements was an interesting addition to his overwhelmed senses. He did blush as he thought of the sight they must make. Dean, ass up, on his hands and knees while a literal biblical Angel made him take God’s name in vain because of how good he was fucking him. It wasn’t classy, that was for damn sure.
“Oh yeah? Sorry we interrupted! Please continue,” Dean leaned his head on his hands and let Lizzie carry the conversation while he skimmed the rest of the crowd. There were other female hunters but most looked like they’d eat his brother alive…even though he’d probably die a happy man at least. Dean let his mind wander as Lizzie, Sam, and Mary carried the conversation and he couldn’t help but look around the room curiously. Many of the hunters were loud, obnoxious, braggadocios assholes. He saw them swapping stories, knocking over chairs, and swooning and preening over the opposite sex like that episode of Discover Channel Cas made him watch on bird mating rituals. However, he could see with his new eyes, eyes Cas had given him, and he saw several people he suspected might be “hunting buddies” themselves…though they too still looked slightly unsure in the environment of Nelson’s Bar. However, nothing and no one drew his eye like the dark haired, sky eyed man sitting across from him. Yep. Definitely whipped.
With revulsion, Dean gently laid the gun down and stared at his own fingers, willing them to let go of the gun.
Crossing his arms over his chest, Dean gave her an appraising look. “No. At her raised eyebrow, he relented. "Maybe.”
Dean, Cas, Sam, Mary, and Jack arrive at Nelson's bar but are surprised to find they are more popular than anyone wants to be. Sam makes a new acquaintance thanks to Cas, and Cas and Dean both battle their own feelings of resentment and jealousy.
Sam ignored him as he scrambled the eggs in the skillet. “Do you want to go to town to shop or do you want me to? Whoever stays will have to watch Jack…”
“Your mother went around killing hunters when the Brits brainwashed her…She shouldn’t be going to that large of a  gathering either.” Cas looked grim, his mouth a tight line and his teeth clenched enough that his jaw flexed.
She nodded her head, acknowledging the question as she walked away from Castiel and pulled out a box from a large bag on the table in front of her. “No, but I can meld the Grace together with my own occult gifts and use it as I see fit. Enochian magic is powerful.”
His answer made Cas pause his hand and look at him through the phone, true affection reflected in his eyes. “I miss that too. I’ll be home soon.”
“Maybe not, but getting pulled over by the cops for having an unrestrained toddler in the car isn’t exactly ideal for either of us,” Sam answered back rationally.
“Yes?” Mary said at the group, her eyebrow raised in question even as the group all but skimmed over her.
“You really gonna stroll out of here for a month without so much as a goodbye handjob? You’re the one that’s gonna be around all those boring ass Angels for that long. It ain’t gonna be me that’s jacking it within the first week, Cas.”
“Your…fault…” Cas panted out. “Fuck,” he growled out with feeling as he clumsily grabbed for Dean’s dick and pumped him with his hand.
She took a deep breath and sighed, disappointed as she glanced at the time on her phone. “I guess I need to go. My sister likes me to check in pretty regularly when I'm around other hunters. I tried to get her to come but she wasn’t “in the mood”,” Lizzie said with air quotes and an eye roll. “She’s not very fun to hunt with sometimes. We aren’t even hitting the road for a day or two because she’s too busy with her studies, but if you guys ever need a hand and I’m in the area…” She looked between her phone and Sam expectantly.
“I will. I have very good motivation to come back safe, now don’t I?” He smiled darkly and winked once, a skill Dean had watched develop and grow over the years from dorky and clumsy to a gesture that made things low in his body jerk to attention as Cas gently closed his door and was gone. The damn Angel was a sexual deviant and Hell if Dean wasn’t along for the fucking ride of his life. He guessed if he didn’t have to sleep and had all that time to come up with ideas he might be the creative one too…
“Holy crap you guys…” Lizzie murmured as Castiel came back with the duffel bag of Delaney’s supplies. She sunk down on the bed next to her sister and held her head.
Cas smiled proudly, flashing teeth as he laughed. “She and I make a very good team. Your brother is very lucky.”
Things get more difficult as the length of time goes on. Dean finds himself having dreams that threaten his success and he loves his patience with his absent Angel.
It was the last strangled please that made Dean’s eyes roll back in his head and his brain break. Cas knew how to give a fucking reward, that was for damn sure. He stroked himself clumsily a few more seconds before he came hard, his body freezing up, unable to move even his hips as he streaked it across Cas’ chest, his chin, his cheek. His muscles tightened uncontrollably around him with his own orgasm and he felt Cas give a few more frantic thrusts before he too was spilling himself, but his was inside Dean. Marking his own territory. The feeling of it, the warmth and the fullness, made Dean give out one last desperate whimper before he ungracefully rolled off of him to collapse beside him on the bed, unable to hold himself up by his arms another moment. The sheets were an intermingled mess of sweat, lube, and other less innocent fluids but he could not find the energy to care as he lay there. They both lay there panting, their breaths finding each other’s rhythm and mimicking it until a few minutes later they were lying there, breathing soft and tired now.
He took the steps quickly and winced a little as the door to the roof squealed. He’d taken enough of a nap that it was late afternoon. Dusk wasn’t yet on them but he could feel the heat of the day waning. Sam didn’t much venture to the roof or Dean might have had to explain the nest at some point…Cas’ nest. It wasn’t an actual nest, but it was what Dean called it. Under an overhang from the higher roof level, Cas had made himself a small retreat. Dean had found it one day when he’d searched all over the bunker for him only to find him sitting quietly, a few blankets piled around him and one draped across his shoulders as he stared up into the night sky. Dean had silently sat down beside him, Cas had thrown the cover over his shoulder…and that had been the beginning of it all. However…Dean was confused. They used the roof as a retreat when they wanted some alone time and there were a lot of guests. Jody and the girls were frequent guests these days…or when Sam was a bit too nosey, but they were very alone in the bunker…
The first dream took place in a backdrop Dean didn't recall but must have seen at some point for it to be locked in his brain...Maybe on tv? It was an ancient forest, with trees whose branches reached toward Heaven and seemed to go on forever. Their branches laced together to form a natural canopy of leaves, shading the forest floor below. He found himself walking slowly through the shade, his feet crunching the leaves that carpeted the ground below him...and he was barefoot. An odd choice for his dreams. He wore his jeans and a form-fitting, white long-sleeved Henley. Fewer layers than he typically wore but it was a dream after all. He padded through the forest, his fingertips tracing the rough bark of the ancient trees until he heard a sound behind him, something else disturbing the forest floor. He turned, the cool Autumn air crisp in his throat, and was pushed into one of the trunks by Cas. The tree was big enough that even Cas' strength didn't budge it as he shoved Dean's back into it, the bark biting into the thin shirt protecting his skin.
“Hmm, at least a couple more weeks yet. Why? You don’t sound like you miss me at all.” His comment wasn’t sulky. It was amused, and Dean could imagine the smirk he was wearing as he said it.
Cas slid out his wrist sheath from the duffel he’d brought back, and he strapped it back into place. “Dean, Sam; Your weapons are in the bag as well.” He held the empty bottle his Grace had resided in in his hand as he slid one of his sharp silver blades out and sat on the bed.
Sam was quiet a moment as he looked back to Jack, watching him jab the play button on the screen with his chubby toddler hand. “And she agreed to watch Jack?”
be...and don’t lie when I ask. You know I always know when you lie. If you fail, you have to tell me too. Understand?”
Dean forgot to breathe for a second while his brain processed Sam’s words. Luckily his brain was smart enough not to damn him by answering too quickly. He choked a moment before clearing his throat, his voice strained. “Oh. Yeah. That’s it. Sure. Just worried about him.”
fucking good. It chased away all the aches and pains his body had begun collecting as he'd gotten older and he felt fuzzy and...peaceful.
A thought struck Dean, giving him pause. “What about Kaia? Jody told me you two were an item now. You want her to come with?”
you liked it. Nothing wrong with knowing what you like, Dean. However, I am interested to discover what you and I both enjoy
“You got it handled,” Dean added brusquely, letting out a breath at the angry voice, so different from Cas'...before Jody came out of the door with a big smile on her face. She came up and hugged Dean, squeezing him tightly and speaking softly in his ear, and pulling back as she spoke.
“Hey. Nice...uh...place you picked out for supper,” Dean said with a skeptical look around at the hipster vibe that continued inside, nary a hamburger in sight.
“We don’t know that. He could be at a peace. He deserves that, doesn’t he?” That was the only argument Sam had come up with that had given Dean pause, making Dean's emotions even more torn.
As Nelson came back and slid the drinks to the edge of the bar, Mary passed them to each one and they scouted out a table. They were a few empties scattered around the crowded room and Dean gestured with his hand at one toward the back corner. They scooted through the crowd that seemed to almost part for them.
“This is what I want, Dean. I want to live a human life with you. My power is convenient, but it only brings us trouble in the end.” Cas stroked a thumb down Dean’s jaw. “You know this is true. I don’t need to be an Angel. I just need to be with you.”
“Dude, please tell me we got a case,” Dean growled out, hoping for any distraction at this point, even a bloody one.
He mirrored Cas’ earlier movements, unzipping his pants and arching his back to take himself out, but unlike Cas’ display of skin, Dean’s view was blue silicone with the silver lock. He angled the camera for the most flattering angle, figuring he could at least tease the sadistic bastard. He snapped several photos, chose his favorite, and sent it, watching the three telltale dots that Cas was typing appear and disappear several times before he finally sent one.
. How dare she try to take him away, after everything they'd endured to be together in the first place. To want Cas for his power was obsene. He was so much more that his power, and Dean would do what had to be done to protect him, as Cas had him. All these thoughts rushed through his mind in a steady stream even as Cas' lips traced over him. Even as their hands stroked in time together. Even as Cas whispered to him in Enochian and he replied with lovestruck gibberish of his own. As the warm water finally started to run out, Dean felt his stomach knotting up, that rush of feeling building up inside him and he felt a needy whine escape his throat as Cas drew the nails of his free hand down his back. He felt Cas falter in his rhythm and they both groaned and leaned their foreheads together as they came within seconds of each other, mouths agape in pleasure. They stayed tangled together for a minute, the water beating down behind them as they caught their breath, until it started to run cold and they both scrambled to turn the water off. As they stood, Dean wrapped a towel around Cas' shoulders and stared into the blue eyes he loved, and he swore to himself and whoever the Hell else was listening that he would never let either of them be mind-fucked again. It had left them both battered and bruised too damn many times now.
Dean, to his credit, put his head back down to the task at hand. The dishes. He was alone in the bunker with no accountability now. Shit shit shit. The press of the counter against his cock cage was even an alluring temptress now. He bucked up against the counter, rubbing himself for some pleasurable friction as he scrubbed the plates from breakfast, the effects of the cold shower long past. Why shouldn’t he get a little reward for doing the dishes? He could rub one out right now and he’d never know. He was probably too distracted with Angel business to notice...and his mind began to wander dangerously in that direction. He stared down at the bulge in his pants, licking his lips in deep thought. He comically looked between the phone on the counter and his zipper like he was in some kind of x-rated sitcom. He’d try to call him…if he didn’t answer he could not be blamed for being weak. He'd say he tried to call him before he did anything...As he rinsed the last dish and washed the soap bubbles down the drain, he grabbed up a dishtowel and dried his hands before scooping up his phone. He dialed with one hand while the other used the flat of his hand to press his crotch down in newfound desperation.
Cas turned abruptly to look at him, making the wings cast a shadow over him again. The silhouette of Cas, wings behind him, made him freeze, his heart thudding excitedly in his chest. This was the closest he’d ever get to seeing his true form, and he was
“You come on my dick or you don’t come. I’ve given you everything you wanted today, now I want you to come for me one last time today. The way I want. You hear me?”
“One second…One for the road,” Castiel said as he laid a hand on her knee lightly and her scratches and scrapes from the fight were healed. She gasped as she felt his Grace knit her small wounds back together, never having felt the sensation before. He then went to Sam and laid a hand on his shoulder, doing the same. Lastly, he stepped to Dean and softly cupped his cheek, laying a soft kiss on his lips and letting his power heal the cut on Dean’s forehead from the glass…and a few other minor tweaks Dean wouldn’t miss…such as the soreness in the small of his back and the arterial buildup he’d been developing. His own little secret. Dean sighed into the almost chaste kiss, feeling the electricity of Cas’ kiss and having to remind himself there were others in the room.
Lizzie’s eyes grew wide and she smiled nervously. “I’m Lizzie. I mean, my name’s Elizabeth but everyone calls me Lizzie or Liz. You’re Dean Winchester, right? You’re all they’re talking about in here now.” She stuck a hand out similarly to how she’d done Cas earlier. Dean shook it but he was tense, and it was uncomfortably obvious.
She propped her sister up more securely against the wall and then immediately stood rigid, staring at the three of them. “I’ve got questions.”
Sam glanced back to Jack, who was busy watching CocoMelon on Sam’s tablet. “Maybe not, but if he still has all the power he absorbed, do you
. By an Angel…an Angel who'd seen him at his worst...and some days he even felt worthy of the devotion Cas bestowed upon him, and he tried to return it as fervently. Without thinking, Dean reached up the trace his hand along the upper…arch? Hell, he’d study bird anatomy tonight just so he didn’t look like an idiot to his winged lover. Cas buckled under the gentlest of touches and Dean, shocked, hit his knees as well. “Wha-“
Dean rapidly remembered their earlier conversation about his incentive to run and quickly finished his message to his mom and ran after him down the hall. “Hey, wait for me!”
kind. The look of pity and concern he’d see on his face was too much for Dean to stomach. This…this was nothing. He’d held an archangel at bay inside his mind. He’d taken on an ancient curse. He’d been a damn demon. A couple of voices weren't going to take him down.
Dean seemed to have difficulty a moment, chewing his bottom lip before nodding his head. “I…Yeah, I do.”
Sam smiled and Dean actually smirked, impressed that she was able to process it. He gave a lopsided grin as he answered, “You’re not wrong.”
Angel…” Delaney murmured, her voice soft and seeming to weave a spell on Castiel, his body going still as she spoke. “He could be my Angel…our Angel.”
“if she opens that bottle, what happens?” Sam looked over at Cas, whose eyes were now wide as he saw there was no going back. His chest was moving quickly as if his body knew what was coming.
Cas pulled away, frowning regretfully. "It's not fair. You can't..." As he began speaking, the reminder of reality made Dean outwardly groan in frustration and he felt Cas'  hand caress his face once before he threw himself awake.
Sam laughed out loud, abruptly making Dean and Cas look to him in unison. “Dean’s about as sensitive as a sack of bricks.”
Dean’s mind woke before he opened his eyes and he felt slightly embarrassed as he realized how tightly he was wrapped around Cas. At some point Cas must have pulled the cover over them since he’d dozed off naked. His arm was wrapped around Cas’ chest and his head rested over his heart, so the comforting sound of his heart beating strong and steady was the first sound Dean heard when he woke up. Considering how often they'd thought they'd lost one another, he couldn't be blamed for the comfort it brought…though admitting how much he needed him was still a difficult thing to do…
Cas’ shoulders rolled in again as he shivered at Dean’s soft touch. “I rescued the righteous man from Hell. It could not leave me untouched.”
Sam blinked quickly and fumbled for his own phone, almost dropping it on the pavement as he did so. “Yeah, totally. Let me give you my number…If you ever need any help, just give us…me, give me a call. Or if you just want to go hang out and swap stories…I’d love to, you know, get to know you better. I mean, if you want.” He smiled warmly, his forehead scrunching as he did. His nerves were apparent on his face but he was eager to show her his interest in continuing their conversations.
“You know I think this is a bad idea. I would like that on record,” Cas murmured as he slipped the rest of his knives into the open spots on his sheaths.
"Where have you been?" Dean barked out in accusation before Cas captured his mouth with his own and swallowed down any other attempt at speech.
Nelson continued to wheedle information out as he could, not very subtle in his endeavor, but Cas continued to comply...carefully. “People say they’re the best hunters alive.”
“Well, Galinda the good witch there still doesn’t need to know…” Dean started to argue but Cas shook his head.
“Hmm, or…” Cas hummed thoughtfully before gently pressing two fingers to Dean’s forehead as he would to heal him.
Dean and Cas followed Mary’s car to Nelson’s. There’d been a few annoyed words exchanged about how long It had taken for Dean and Cas to “get ready” and Sam had almost eye rolled himself to death when they’d finally stumbled downstairs, shirts misbuttoned, half tucked, and hair sticking up all over the place. Sam had refused to ride with them and chosen Mary’s car instead on principle alone. Meanwhile, Cas sat beside Dean in the front seat, getting increasingly antsy as they neared the roadhouse. He fidgeted with his knife sheath, adjusting the small blades just so over and over again. He finally broke the silence as they pulled onto the gravel driveway right off the highway. His voice was soft and unsure, a sound Dean had not heard from him in some time. “So, how are we playing this…us? I know some of your hunter friends are somewhat progressive minded but….” Cas’ voice faded as Dean pulled into an empty spot and shut the car off.
"I know, dude. I know. Cold shower time." He winced as he prepared for the cold water but he divulged himself in a few moments of guilty pleasure before he did. He pressed his palms into the cool shower tiles and thrusted forward, gasping as his straining cock brushed against the wall. The shower itself was a dangerous memory right now. He and Cas had christened the stall more than a few times since they'd become a thing. Hell, the night before Cas left, he'd had his belly pressed to the wall while Cas pumped inside him, the soft steam dancing around their naked bodies...Dean stroked his hand over his dick a few times, throwing his head back in remembered pleasure, but he knew he was going to lose all self-control if he didn't stop. Right. Now. He threw his hand off and down to the shower knob, starting with cold and only giving himself the faintest warm water. As soon as it hit his shoulders, he swore, dancing out of the main shower stream. "Mother fucking sonofabitch! Goddamn you Cas!" He sent it up like a prayer and he damn well hoped Cas felt his frustration this morning. Maybe he'd get his annoying ass home. He stomped back to his room in his towel, his dick rightfully shrunken to a manageable level thanks to the cold shower.
“I’m not the interesting one I assure you.” Cas said as he caught Dean watching him from the corner of his eye, his green eyes studying him in a way that made him feel very exposed.
“No,” Castiel grumbled low as he stared at the shoes. Black work boots with jean legs beginning right above them.
“Off and on for about a decade. Was kind of a side gig for a few years….” Cas said as he tried to avoid watching the table. He hated the bitter feeling it left him with. He’d thought women hitting on Dean would be the problem here, not young hunters fawning on him like he was Chuck himself.
Dean’s mouth quirked in almost a grimace as he nodded, trying to move the subject along, panicking internally as he looked at his ex-Angel. “Yeah, we ran into a few…Anyway…” He rubbed the back of his neck nervously before running his palm along his lightly stubbled chin. “My family…”
That one hurt and Dean grabbed at the wall of the house to support himself. Cas' words to him about his own plan to bury himself in the ocean when he was so far gone with Michael...Cas had
“I like when you’re sweet. It’s…refreshing…” Cas gave a cocky half-smile and Dean pretended to glare.
“Yeah, yeah.” Dean smiled, proud to be able to report his success. “Haven’t even had to wear the cage. Told you it would be easy.” Dean groaned internally the moment the words were out of his mouth. he really was a goddamn idiot. He smacked his head against the door as the silence on the other side of the phone was proof he was going to regret bragging.
“Cas…” Dean groaned in dismay as they pulled up in front of the restaurant they’d been given the address for to meet them. It looked new age and had a salad worked into their actual logo plastered on the front window. He parked the car and got out with a look of trepidation on his face, his nose wrinkled in distaste as Cas joined him.
“I mean,” Dean shuffled his feet and shrugged in discomfort. “Yeah, I am I guess. Didn’t think I’d actually make it…and you were
Cas sighed and pushed his fingers into his temples, a very human gesture Cas had picked up on that Dean loved. “You do not need to make ridiculous exaggerations to me.  Not wanting to take two hunters who were once hated by the hunting community, one hunter who killed some of the hunting community, a Nephilim, and an ex-Angel into a building packed with lots of inebriated hunters is far and away from being overprotective. I was okay with your plan about helping Sam find a nice hunter, but I didn’t think it would entail such high risk to my family.”
Dean began to look around the crowd now that not so many eyes were staring back. He noted a few semi familiar faces but so many were new…younger…He began to feel old as he realized he didn’t see that many “old” faces. Maybe they were the old faces now. He took a sip of his beer and saw a similar thought in Sam’s eyes as he too scanned the bar. What didn’t disappoint, however, was that he did spy more than a few female hunters. Now if only Sam would get the idea on his own…. but before he could piece that thought together, he saw a small group of fresh-faced hunters coming toward their table. He swore he never looked that young when he was hunting…These kids were clearly no more than twenty-five. Then he thought of Claire and the others and realized they weren’t getting younger, and he’d been hunting alone at that age. He was just getting older. He sighed and tried to not act on edge as the group surrounded the table.
“Submission really is something to behold in you. How does it feel, to not be the one giving the orders? Did you enjoy the past month at all or was it only frustrating? I’m interested to know.”
“Okay, well, come in and spill I guess…” Jody said with a nervous smile. As they turned, Claire met them at the door, eyeing the sleeping child on Sam’s shoulder with a high eyebrow.
Dean suddenly snapped into soldier mode and glanced out the window as well, chain locking the door. “Is your tattoo still there after you mojo’d up?”
Dean cleared his throat, finding it more than a little difficult to form words. “You’d, uh, think they’d be used to that by now.”
Castiel looked to her and stepped forward, sitting softly beside her on the bed. “If what you say is true, you can prove it.” He extended his palm and she slowly placed hers in his own, his eyes immediately glowing blue with his Grace. She stared, enthralled herself until he pulled his hand away. “She’s speaking the truth. She does not use dark magic, and her intentions toward us have been innocent.”
They dried off and redressed for bed soon after. Dean held him securely in his arms in the currently dark room, but the sun was up now and pressing to be seen through the blackout curtain. They’d sleep till noon and then head out, at least that was the plan. Many a night Cas had held him when
to offer him. To see his wings. He’d been asking for weeks. This sudden insecurity on Cas’ part was infuriating…but slightly understandable considering their history.
“How many times have ya’ll come back from the dead? Harper said ten times but that’s crazy…” came a comment from another fresh-faced hunter. Dean looked over and Cas suddenly guzzled the remnants of his beer and was looking harried.
“I’m the jerk? You stormed off as soon as the kiddie table showed up,” Dean said with a forceful whisper that was unnecessary as their voices were all but drowned out by the noise within.
“Whatever you want,” Cas groaned out as Dean wrapped his hand across his own dick and began stroking himself while moving in rhythm with Cas’ quickly increasing thrusts. Between that and the stimulation to his prostate, he was riding a high that little else could match up to, not to mention the Angel falling to pieces beneath him, slipping into Enochian swears with every rocking movement of Dean’s hips.
He shrugged and lifted one eyebrow, letting Claire know the answer by his silence...“Touche, but…why is this happening? What’re you hearing?”
Sam spoke softly as he looked to Claire. “Not really. He was really only three years old. Cas expected him to be born a normal-sized baby…so now he just matches the age he actually is.”
Lizzie looked up from her sister’s face and looked at the three of them with renewed interest. “Sam told me your friendship was more complicated than it seemed. Her thrall was broken every time Dean spoke to you…I’m guessing you are more than just hunting buddies. Nothing but deep romantic love could break her thrall over him.”
“The other Angels aren’t giving you a hard time are they?” Dean asked with true concern now, seeing the tiredness in Cas’ eyes.
Dean and Sam discuss Jack's future and argue about who's really to blame and who will take responsibility. Dean becomes more concerned about himself and the feelings inside of him. Meanwhile, someone's awake in the Empty....
“Delaney, stop!” Lizzie said as she grabbed the door frame to stand up. She darted to the nearest person, Dean, and began sawing at his ropes and zip ties with a knife she had pulled from her boot.
Dean walked over and put his hands on Cas’ hips as he dropped his duffel on the floor, and was promptly swatted away. “Oh, come on, where’s your sense of adventure?”
raising Jack. Claire is…You know. There’s kind of a family relationship there and it just seems…right, you know?”
That's it for this story, but if you'd like a little sequel of their next day, let me know. This is a bit out of my normal wheelhouse. I usually do stories with a smidge of smut. This was smut with a smidge of story. LOL. hope you enjoyed it!
confident, keep yourself in chastity for the entire time I’m gone and I’ll reward you like the good boy I know you
if it didn’t, and he spread his legs wider as Cas gently rubbed against his prostate. “Gimme another,” Dean groaned out as the flick of his finger made him writhe on the bed already. Dean had been surprised after his first prostate orgasm…Now? He was an
“Sammy bought a pack-n-play, because that’s a thing I never thought I’d be hauling in the back of my car.” Dean rolled his eyes as Sam stood up from the couch.
.” He immediately grew erect as Cas’ fingers wrapped around him and the tiredness of moments ago was swept away.
Cas gave him a puzzled look but shook his head as he spoke. “Okay, fine. Please bear in mind, he is nothing like his father…" Cas' face was hesitant now, his eyes wary. "His father is Lucifer.”
Cas rubbed his cheek against Dean’s, a sweet but somewhat inhuman gesture of affection, before pressing his lips to his ear. “Show me whose
Cas sighed and rolled his eyes while bending down to cradle Delaney's limp form in his arms. As Dean protested, they were all suddenly in a hotel room much like their own. Cas laid the sleeping Delaney on one of the beds as Dean stumbled to catch himself on the wall, his body not loving the sudden transport. As they all got their bearings and she was assured of Delaney's stability, Lizzie’s curiosity outweighed her concern. She chewed on her bottom lip as she looked at Castiel, questions weighing heavily on her tongue.
Castiel nodded as he put his bottle in the sink and stretched his arms above his head. “That is true, but they are not as numerous as male hunters, and Sam isn’t interested in men from my understanding of him.”
“Hunting buddies. It’ll make things less awkward. We’re hunting buddies.” Cas let out a soft breath and Dean could feel the sadness in that one sound. The worry. “I would do anything to alleviate as much tension as possible with the crowd in there. Even pretend I don’t love you…”
“It’s a really good thing Sam decided to go see Eileen before you got home,” Dean murmured as he rested his head on Cas’ arm, unwilling to move to clean up for a little longer.
“That's blasphemy,” Castiel said in a droll tone as he plopped into an empty chair and leaned back as he took a sip of his beer. Dean’s eyes shot to him in remembrance of earlier in their evening and Cas found the tabletop, obviously thinking the same thing as his cheeks turned a soft pink.
made their way back to the bedroom, but only for lazy cuddling as Cas held Dean against him, whispering softly to him as he faded in and out of sleep, his body exhausted even after the nap earlier.
Dean’s heart stuttered and skipped a beat as he swallowed. ”Fuck it is then…and yeah…yeah I still want to.” He pressed his palm into his chest and rolled on top of him, pressing him down into the mattress. “So, when do I have to stop to eat and drink, or do your magic fingers fix that for me too?”
“Shit. That hadn’t even crossed my mind. We’re so isolated from everyone else and we haven’t really had to worry about public perception much…not that I care.” Dean scratched his neck, a telltale sign of his discomfort and Cas sighed.
Dean winked and continued. “Anyway, mom and Jack are out hunting…and mom made some friends back when she helped the Dicks of Letters. If anyone knows any…it’d be her…” Dean said as he pulled his phone out from his shorts pocket.
Sam smiled then, now that the danger was past. He let out a breath as he dusted the knee of his jeans. “That would be an extremely safe assumption.”
Cas brushed his hand along the stubble on his cheek and bumped their foreheads together. “I know you can do it, and you will like what I give you for being so good for me. Now, I really do have to go. I will check in soon.”
“I’m not gonna last long for anything…” Dean croaked out, his mouth having gone dry with Cas’ own mouth on his thigh.
She tucked her hair behind her ears, dethawing from her earlier withdrawal. “A gift that makes people not want to talk to me…It’s tough to make friends when you spook people like I just did with you or your sister runs them off…” Lizzie drawled out.
“I’ve been doing a lot of reading about sexual kinks. There are several I find…intriguing.” Cas studied him intently, gauging his every reaction.
“You said a no-no word,” Jack said with a disapproving shake of his head before taking his pencil back up now that he didn’t see Dean as a threat to his bear.
“I’m fine. Just under a lot of stress right now, okay? I just need some air.” Dean stood abruptly and stormed out the back door to stand in the backyard, leaning against the house and suddenly wishing he had the excuse of a cigarette.
“Always,” Cas added passionately, his eyes locked with his. “I’ve kept you up longer than I intended. You should rest.”“I thought keeping me up was the point.” Dean waited for Cas to catch his joke and was rewarded by a tooth flashing grin as he shook his head.
Dean found himself glaring at the back of Jack's head now, resentment clawing at his insides. “But he cashed in a deal he’d made with the Empty to save
“You don’t? Your little abomination did it last time. He must have done it again. Little brat,” the Shadow growled out before standing up.
“Oh, you’ve got to be kidding me, Sam. We aren’t his parents,” Dean snapped back. Sam slammed the skillet down and frowned again.
Cas gave him a heated look at his compliance that made him stop questioning why he’d done it…and as he turned his back to him, he watched him glance up at the sky a little hesitantly before the air around him seemed to shimmer like the asphalt on a hot day. It wasn’t like the one time he’d seen the shadow of his wings. That was all shadow and light. This…was
Castiel pulled away, shaking his head. “No. I need to shower. I can still feel her thrall upon me like it’s sticking to my skin. I
“Yes, Castiel. I will as soon as we hang up.” Dean’s mouth had gone dry and his heart thudded quickly in his chest at how he purred his name. God, he loved the games they played. This was just one of many they'd played in the past weeks, though this was the longest-running one if he was successful.
Dean cleared his throat as he stuck his pistol at the small of his back. “Jack can be our cousin. Cas is our hunting buddy. What license do you have on you, Cas?” Dean said as he closed the trunk.
Dean laughed. He couldn’t help it. Here he was, straining not to come from a fucking glance his way and Cas asked that. “Uh, yeah, I ate about half an hour ago…”
Dean smiled teasingly as Cas frowned. “What other name would you like that can be shortened to Cas? Castiel is a bit biblical, you know.”
Dean let out a shaky breath through his nose, letting his eyes close as Cas danced his fingers along his skin. “I dunno. You’re pretty dangerous to me. I’d do anything you asked as long as you keep doing that.” Cas had begun rubbing gentle circles into his skin as he moved his fingers along him, an innocent touch that conveyed much.
Dean sat down at the library table and powered up his laptop about two weeks later. Cas sat in his usual spot, tucked away in a corner but ever in Dean’s line of sight. He had a cup of coffee in his hand and another dusty tome open on his lap. Dean had never seen the appeal, but Cas revered those books in a way he never would. As he tapped away at his computer he peaked over the top, enjoying watching Cas so relaxed and at ease, and as he always seemed to, Cas looked up just as Dean’s eyes were on him. He smiled and took a sip of his coffee and Dean winked at him, blowing a silly air kiss that made Cas roll his eyes in mock annoyance. It was sickeningly domestic, and Dean knew it…and he not so secretly loved it. He soaked up every bit of domesticity they could get in their non-traditional lives. He looked back to his computer reluctantly as his email opened, and his eyebrows raised in interest.
“Cas, are you sure you’re okay?” Dean said as he tentatively came and took up his hand, giving Delaney and Lizzie a warning glance.
“Most recently was an Angel named Gadreel. It was also a possession. Further back, I’ll need to get to know you better to share that.” She nodded but her eyes were wide now.
“I suppose any of those descriptors would do. However, they haven’t been immersed in humanity for as long as I have. I know I was like that too once.”
“Turn over for me,” Cas murmured softly and Dean immediately complied, Cas’ front flush to his back. He was glad he hadn’t rushed to sex. He was calm enough to be able to enjoy it and soak in the closeness and intimacy they shared, not just a race to a desperately needed orgasm.
Dean shrugged as he tiredly kicked off his boots and sat heavily down on the bed, exhaustion and the adrenaline running out making him feel so weary. “I don’t know. She seems to be able to roll with the punches, which is a plus in her favor…but her sister is a fucking wackadoodle.”
“You seemed pretty convinced they were legit enough to trust with killing Chuck at the time. Besides, seems right for a semi-supernatural human and an Angel to raise a Nephilim, and if they’ve been together that long, seems like a stable place to raise a kid..” Sam's words faded as he had a thought that he bit back.
“Sorry, buddy….” Dean said with a forced smile, and a looking in his eyes Cas didn’t understand. “I just needed another beer and thought I’d check on my pal. Who’s your new friend whose discussing your sex life so openly…in the middle of a bar?” Cas cocked his head at Dean’s tone, confused at his mood.
Jack was strapped into the backseat of the Impala, his car seat secured through Sam’s efforts alone, along with a fully stocked travel bag for him resting on the seat beside him.
“Not alone you’re not!” Dean growled out, gripping his forearm tight enough to bruise if he'd been human.
“Well,” Dean’s voice was low and raspy already from Cas’ little magic trick. “Since you already topped off my radiator, let’s take it for a drive.
wasn’t amused. He was a man…or an Angel that is…on a mission. He let the silicone cage fall to the floor along with the key, giving his full attention to Dean’s neglected dick.
Cas was the one quick to comply now, eager to reward Dean. He laid on his back and Dean quickly straddled him. Cas’ hands gently rested on his hips, looking up at him with renewed wonder. This was an insecurity of Dean's…putting himself on display like this…showing Cas how much he wanted it...wanted
The next day was Greg Keely’s funeral, which was a significantly more somber event, and a stark contrast to the events of the night before. Many of the younger crowd seemed to have cleared out before the sun rose, leaving the old guard to build the funeral pyre in the far backwoods behind Nelson’s bar. Greg's closest friends quietly lit the pyre and they all watched silently as it slowly climbed up the dry wood to the body waiting above. As it licked at the white sheet wrapped figure, Cas quickly reached for Dean’s hand. They stood shoulder to shoulder, their coats brushing against one another already, and considering the circumstances, no one was apt to notice their hands clasped tightly between them…nor did either of them particularly care in the moment. They both felt the weight of the event and the heaviness in the air that could not be alone attributed to the wood smoke lingering around their faces.
Lizzie nodded her head but something in Mary's words confused her. She continued on though. “Most hunters stick to family groups or hunt alone. Y'all are already a pretty big family group as far as hunters go, plus Casey there. Do you all hunt and live together? Me and my sister hunt together but she doesn’t much like hunting with others, and sometimes she would rather go off on her own.”
Sam frowned, lifting an eyebrow at Dean's surly attitude. “Uh, okay. Any word on when Cas is coming home?”
“No. Nothing like that…” Dean hedged and Claire watched him steadily even as he shuffled and ran his fingers through his hair nervously. “But he said once we had a profound bond, after him rescuing me from Hell.”
Suddenly Sam’s eyes narrowed suspiciously, and his mouth drew into a tight line. “Wait…are you two TRYING to get me to hook up with Lizzie?” He said this softly, a venomous whisper, as she was still loading up into her vehicle nearby, lingering as she stole glances to Sam and his family.
“Today is for you. If there is anything you don’t want to do, you’ll tell me.” It wasn’t a question. It was a statement that Cas knew Dean would comply with.
“No, no I’m still good,” Dean answered softly as Cas lifted his left leg up and nestled closer to him.
“And you didn’t tell me yours was a dark witch. I’d say I get a pass here,” Sam said with a shrug, not arguing with Dean’s threat. He felt the same. He watched Cas and Dean turn to one another and talk quietly, Cas urging Dean to remain calm, his hand on his shoulder in a comforting gesture.
“He misses using his wings…” Dean said softly, staring at the spot where he’d disappeared so suddenly.
“Oh, fuck you too.” Dean snapped out as he came to stand by Cas, resting a hand on his shoulder. “I never wanted him to give his Grace up to begin with, but it’s what he wanted so I supported it. Thanks for thinking so highly of me.”
Cas didn't seem convinced but he smiled softly. “We’ll see. For now, get a bit of rest. I will watch over you.”
“Cut the fucking umbilical cord, Sammy. Go. I’m fine. Use protection and all that jazz…” Dean said with an attempt at humorous banter as he waved him off with suds-covered hands.
Cas blinked now and he seemed to attempt to fight her power, but the words came out unimpeded once again. “Castiel. I am Seraphim. I am an Angel of the Lord.”
“You malfunctioning, old man?” Claire asked as she stepped around the corner of the house, having come out of the front door.
“You make da monsters go ‘way?” Jack asked innocently as he peered over the edge of the bed and pointed down to the floor as Dean’s t-shirt hung hugely loose on him until they could go shopping.
He was confident this wouldn’t be that hard of an assignment. No jacking off for a couple of weeks. Easy…Well, he tended to do it every few days but...He’d gone longer before that. A week. Surely he’d made it to two weeks before, though if he had it had been a while…Maybe during their busy Apocolypse season. Cas had made him spoiled to getting a toe-curling orgasm every few days max these days. Most of the time it was more frequent unless they were in the middle of a case. Shit…the more he thought about it, the more he realized this was going to be harder than he thought…and Cas
“I already told you before…My wings aren’t what they were. I’m trying to…I want to give you everything you deserve today and everything you’ve asked for…and you’ve asked for this several times but…”
Cas threw a, increasingly grouchy look Dean’s way. “That’s not what I was talking about and you know it.”
Dean didn’t have to be told twice. He immediately grabbed the hem of his t-shirt and pulled it over his head, letting it fall to the floor, quickly followed by his belt and jeans. He was about to pull down his boxer briefs when Cas stood and laid the flat of his hand up to rest on Dean’s stomach, stilling him before getting onto his knees, leaving him dumbstruck. Dean was so strung out that Cas' hand on his stomach would have had him hard…if not for the
Sam spoke slowly, annoyance at Dean slipping through. “Yes…and Cas made the deal with the Empty for Jack’s life. It was
won’t consider it, I will. Who do you know who's been to the Empty and back? I can start there. With or without you."
“Just told her how you two met. I thought it was mild compared to some of the shit we told her tonight…” Sam said with a slightly concerned frown.
.” Cas’ eyes were wide as he nodded his silent agreement, his chest heaving with pleasure as Dean rode him. “I want to…” Dean glanced down at his dick as strained between them.
“Fuckin’ course I do,” Dean panted out as he gave all his concentration on not coming, resting his hand on his stomach and letting out a shaky breath as he watched Cas.
“Two hunters shot and killed Dean and Sam at one point. I had to assist in bringing them back…so they’re used to an abundance of caution with the hunting community…As should you be with your history….” Castiel said with a raised eyebrow, speaking without words.
“So…. Lizzie bit her lip and looked to the three of them. “Do you think if I figure out somewhere to keep my sister safe and away from hunting…maybe I could hunt with you guys sometimes? You guys have batshit crazy lives…and I’m not one to fangirl over hunter stories…but come on, I’m only human here.”
Claire narrowed her eyes and pursed her lips, giving a heavy stink eye to Dean and Sam. “That’s not how Jack talked about him,
Sam smiled conspiritually and leaned in, looking over his shoulder and only speaking after feeling assured of no eavesdroppers. “Sometimes it’s necessary, you know. We’ve had to perform a few spells and magic here and there. Me mainly. Dean's typically more comfortable being the weapons guy and Cas…well, he’s open minded but they’ve both had a few run ins with bad witches, so they aren’t as comfortable with the idea.”
Sam narrowed his eyes at his brother’s insane behavior before rolling his eyes to the ceiling and going back to his book. “He’ll be home soon and then you too can do all your swooning in the privacy of your room.” Dean blew out a nervous breath and ran a hand through his hair. The privacy of his room was what he was goddamn well trying to avoid…
Sam looked up from his phone, confused by Dean’s tone but distracted by what he was reading. “No, it’s still quiet, but I was coming to see if you’d be cool if I went to stay at Eileen’s for a couple of days. She’s been asking me to come see her for a couple of weeks but I know you’ve been missing Cas…”
“Hi!” came a perky voice that did not belong in this setting. Cas turned and found a woman staring at him with eager, brown eyes. She had straight auburn hair that danced along the lines of brown more than red. It was pulled up in a low ponytail and she had wirerimmed glasses framing her wide eyes. She had numerous necklaces on, one overlapping another with beads, stones, and chains intermingling. Her outfit was nothing as elaborate as her necklace situation. She had layered a purple hoodie over a basic v neck tee in maroon and dark blue jeans. The outfit actually looked functional and comfortable from the glance Cas gave them. He only had a moment to process before she was all but shoving her hand in his face to shake it. “I’m Liz. Well, my name’s actually Elizabeth but everyone calls me Liz or Lizzie.”
“Do you think we need to prep more?” Cas’ voice against the shell of his ear made him shudder, not something he could hide with him pressed to his back.
“Blasphemy, tsk tsk…” Dean said with a smile as he went to stand up, but Cas grabbed his hand and pulled him onto the bed on top of him.
was it good when he was, but Dean enjoyed being treated soft like this…It was different. It was…nice. “I want you.”
“That I worship the ground you walk on…even this ground?” Dean murmured again as he moved his mouth to Cas’ neck. Cas' legs bumped against the bed and he abruptly stopped.
Dean had the grace to look a bit like he'd been caught red handed, but he quickly played it off with a toothy grin. “Hook up? No. Find a wonderful, lasting relationship, maybe…” He said with a wink as he looked to Cas for backup, but when Cas simply shrugged in response, Dean huffed in pretended annoyance at him.
“I am no one’s dog and I belong only to you,” Castiel growled out desperately as he dug his fingers in, his lips moving to Dean’s neck, kissing and biting with an unusually frantic need.
Dean debated continuing his bratty attitude, but he'd pay for it in the long run, and he didn't want Cas to take it to heart. Teasing was allowed. Hurting him with his words was something he was trying very hard to grow out of as a person.
.” Dean spoke with conviction, holding him against him, wishing he could protect him. Cas shuddered and leaned his head back to rest on his shoulder. Dean nuzzled him comfortingly and kissed his warm, wet cheek. It was meant as a soft, sweet gesture with no sexual intent behind it, but Cas turned abruptly and pressed them together against the shower wall, holding Dean’s face in his hands as he kissed him, his lips trembling and hungry. Dean’s arms slid to wrap around his waist, but he pulled his face away gently. “Cas, I’m not sure this is a good idea right now…”
things to him in bed. The guy had range, that was for damned sure. That night as he went to bed, he felt undeserved confidence that he would easily win this little competition.
“Hey there boys. I’ve been watching you two all night. Couldn’t find it in me to look away as a matter of fact. Finest specimens in the house tonight I’d say.” She bit her lip as she looked at the two of them, even being bold enough to reach out and run a hand on Dean’s jean clad leg. Dean stole a glance to Cas, who had one hand in a fist on the table, but his face remained relaxed except for a twinkle in his eye Dean knew well.
Lizzie hedged awkwardly at Dean's inquiry. “Uh, well, I already told Sam all of his…but I’d be happy to read one of you. I never did get to tell you about your aura, Dean…if you wanted.”
Dean swallowed again, making Cas’ fingers move under his throat that had become suddenly very dry. “I know.” He shivered under Cas’ gaze. He wasn’t wrong. He’d never felt so fucking
Dean seemed unconvinced as a thought crossed his mind. “You better figure out how to get Sammy out of the bunker for a couple of days.”
Lizzie's smile was genuine and friendly as she spoke. “I had a lot of fun swapping lore and stories with you last night, Sam. So many of these hunters don’t see the beauty in the stories and legends, and they think I’m nuts for my interests. It's refreshing to have someone appreciate them. If the other hunters knew I even dabbled in…” She lowered her voice and leaned in, “magic…they’d probably try to hunt me too.” She studied Sam’s face cautiously as if trying to gauge his reaction as she spoke. Her face was turned up toward Sam's but behind the caution was a glint of defiance, like she was prepared for his disapproval already.
“You’re sure you can do this?” Castiel asked as he looked to Dean. “He meant what he said if this goes wrong, and I can’t save you from him if I’m dead. His wrath is something to be reckoned with.” He said this as an attempt at humor but it was too close to the truth and Dean just raised an eyebrow and shrugged.
Sam ran a hand through his hair nervously as Dean gave a skeptical look and responded gruffly. “That all depends on why you’re asking…”
“I don’t want to,” Dean groaned, his voice muffled under the white pillow, his chest bare to the harsh light and the sheet barely covering his hip bones now. Cas smiled at the voice under the pillow and laid a kiss on his shoulder.
As Castiel took in Lizzie's face, he cocked his head and smiled apologetically. “My apologies... I broke with Heaven to help Sam and Dean stop the Apocalypse. I’ve been banished to Earth ever since. That changes Angels. It changed me. Sam and Dean changed me.” He looked to Dean who was playfully rolling his eyes at his sentiment.
Sam looked over at him with thoughtfulness, wondering what he was truly up to, but for now, everything did seem to be settled, and for that, he was grateful.
That soothing voice rebuffed his anger more quickly this time. That gentle, understanding voice that could cut through all his bullshit…and he’d never truly hear it again. He looked down at Jack and frowned. The kid had the pencil held tightly in his fist and was scribbling the paper all over, covering it in grey pencil scratching.
“Speaking of pleasant….” Dean said with a raised eyebrow, remembering he and Cas' earlier conversation.
Dean stole a glance to Cas, his mind forcing him to relive the last time he'd been forced to build and light a similar pyre…Cas' pyre. He unwillingly and vividly remembered the sun rising as he carried Cas’ limp body into the house, bridal style, and laying his dead weight onto the cleared off dining table. Even with Cas' warm hand clasped in his own in the here and now, he could still feel the coldness of Cas’ skin against his hands as he wrapped him and dressed his body…and he remembered not wanting Sam’s help to hoist him onto the pyre but conceding because it was all but impossible alone. No one, not even Cas, knew that he’d left one shaky kiss to his knuckles, tears sliding down his cheeks and leaving wet spots on Cas’ sleeve before he’d been able to finally wrap him up that day. He’d been full of regret then for words left unsaid…and he felt more than lucky to have been given this second chance now. The luckiness he felt should have felt out of place in the setting they were in, but he couldn't stifle his gratefulness even as he watched the hunter's body burn, darkening the sky in an ominous dark cloud. Mary’s face was just as somber, perhaps remembering how many hunters she led to a pyre of their own against her will. Jack, one of the youngest faces in the crowd today, stood soberly, perhaps remembering watching his first father figure burn before he’d ever met him in his first days of life, he and Dean's shared trauma. Lizzie stood with them, as her sister had still not appeared to join her for this event. She was rightfully solemn, her face reflecting on her own inner pain and memories alone as everyone around her did the same.
Dean leaned back in his chair, hearing his unhappiness but not understanding it. “Always are, and since it seems the hunters have gotten over the grudge they held against us way back when, it might be a good opportunity…”
Lizzie blinked, opened and closed her mouth, then fell silent before looking at Sam as he spoke up. “Jack’s a Nephilim…”
Lizzie’s eyes lit in excitement at their acceptance and continued her thoughts. “Like Angels! I mean before they fell, I don’t think many hunters thought they were anything more than old stories, But we know Angels are real now. Truly confirmed. Did you guys come across any when they fell? I didn’t get so lucky…” Lizzie murmured as she all but pouted, her run on thoughts a distressing muddle to the two men standing beside her.
Jody, however, was unconvinced. “Claire, the one time I asked if you wanted to babysit the Anderson’s kids for some extra spending money you told me, and I quote, “I’d rather be eaten by a Rugaru than wipe some kid’s snotty nose.”
Dean startled as Cas pushed the door open. Cas cocked his head at him in question and Dean shrugged it off as he walked towards him. Cas tossed something into the small bundle of blankets and Dean turned to see the lube bottle make a soft landing.
“There will be lots of hunters there…” Castiel finished his thought, following his logic but sounding unhappy about it.
Anger brewed up so quickly, Dean couldn't let Sam even say the word, cutting him off abruptly. “So what about all the pieces they left behind? Do they just get a pass because they’re dead?”
Dean started to argue, but he had to consider why the hell he was trying to argue…Another orgasm. Bully for him! He stretched his arms above his head and gripped his wrists in each hand. As soon as he’d done as he asked, Cas reached across his body and grabbed the lube from the nightstand drawer. Dean immediately drew his legs up, spreading them wide in response. Cas smiled at him again, pleased, and he lubed up one finger as he watched him, lifting an eyebrow in question.
At that, Dean spit out the sip of beer he’d just taken. Coughing and sputtering, Cas patted his back with concern before he took a deep breath. “ ‘m fine. Just…just got a little choked up. Safeword?” Dean’s voice dropped low. “We’ve never needed one before.”
Jack scrunched his forehead and blinked knowingly, dropping his voice to a soft, serious tone...for a three-year-old. “The bad dream pwace. I saw it.”
“Okay. Then it’s settled,” Dean said with a smile at Cas, but he stopped when he saw the thunder clouds in his eyes. Winning an argument was sometimes just not worth it. “I’ll book two rooms.”
He was over it. He was over Cas being gone. He was over sleeping alone. He was over Sam looking at him like he was crazy. He was over waking up pitching a tent in his pants with no Cas there to grip him tight and raise him from perdition. The game had been fun and he still wanted to do it right, but he was ready for it to be over. He was ready to see Cas. When he stripped off his nightclothes, his dick bobbed up and pointed up at him like an exclamation point to his feelings.
“At this point? Fuck it. Let's see what she's made of,” Dean said with a shrug as he crossed his arms over his chest to gauge her reaction.
‘Okay, I’ll bite,” Dean said as he slid in beside Sam and Cas slid in beside Lizzie. “What’d you actually learn reading him?”
"Fuck but you're beautiful," Dean murmured as he leaned in, trapping his hand and Cas' dick between them and kissed him, the soft pink of Cas' lips calling him to him like a siren. He was fairly certain he might be losing his mind from lack of orgasm but if these dreams were a side effect of his horny madness, there was an upside at least. He pumped his hand over Cas as the kiss deepened, their tongues tracing across one another in their joined mouths.
Dean stopped, his face hard and his mouth opened and closed once without a word before he put a hand on each of Cas’ shoulders. “I don’t want any of them.” He shook his head as he forced eye contact with Cas. Cas looked down at the ground and kicked the dirt with the toe of his shoe, refusing to lock eyes with him.  “Cas…come on. What’s actually wrong?” Castiel sighed and looked at him, shaking his head softly. “You’re jealous, aren’t you? You’ve never had to be before because no one at home wants to talk to me anymore and we don’t go out much,” Dean started laughing and Cas glared like the avenging Angel he’d once been. “You’re jealous and YOU’RE the one flirting with a pretty girl right in front of me.”
Dean’s nonchalant comment after the intense last few minutes cracked Cas, and he grinned enough to flash teeth. He immediately ran his hand along the bulge in Dean’s pants and felt the cock cage, the knowledge of it making his eyes go heated. “You’ve done
Dean's eyes narrowed. “Are you trying to compare mom’s deal to Cas’ because last I checked you were an innocent baby and Jack killed our mom because she was getting on his nerves. It’s really not the same…“
Lizzie shrugged and watched Cas with continued clinical interest. “Okay I guess I get that…but from all my readings and my sisters’ studies...how are you even like this? Angels are supposed to be calculating, cold, emotionless. You're supposed to follow orders…”
“I’m not even going to ask…” Sam mumbled softly as he peeled his book back open, steadfastly ignoring Dean as he flitted around the library, dusting every shelf. At least he was being productive. After Dean hung around him for longer than normal, after every shelf was dusted and he had watched him successfully stab his finger with the decorative sword again, Sam looked up at him. “Is this about Cas?”
“Uhh,” Dean’s mind panicked as he felt her sliding her hand higher up his leg and right before she got to his crotch, his phone rang. He stood up abruptly and snatched it out of his pocket, his own chair falling over in his haste to embrace the escape. Cas’ number was on the screen, but said person sat in the chair listening to Lizzie and the others talk like nothing out of the ordinary was happening, his back to him but his hands obscured in his lap. “Sorry, gotta take this…” Dean mumbled before feigning a conversation with an empty phone line and hanging up. “Sorry Mindy but I gotta run. Cas, gonna need you for this one.” He pointed to his phone and Cas sat his bottle heavily onto the table.
Cas and Dean make it back to their room after the night's events, but they didn't come out unscathed.
Dean’s stomach flipped and he swallowed once before answering, noticing Sam didn’t even attempt to answer her, always deferring to Dean when answers about Castiel were needed. Defensively, Dean answered. “Not really. You
like that don’t you? None of your hoity-toity Angel friends know anything about that do they, sweetheart? Or when I blow you in the back of the Impala and slide my finger in your….” Cas bucked into his own hand and came, his eyes screwing shut. He bit his lower lip as he marked his shirt with it. Dean, having stroked himself gently as he watched him, threw his free fist up to his mouth and bit down while squeezing the base of his dick with the other to stop from coming. When he was fairly in control of himself he sighed out, “Now that’s beautiful,” as he watched Cas lay his head back. Meanwhile, his dick was tenting the comforter in frustrated distress.
Claire looked down as if the ground would give her answers, then she looked up, her lips pursed. “A connection.”
give him this, a baser comfort. He hissed out through his teeth and whimpered as Cas increased the rhythm of his hand and Dean put his hand over his, lacing their fingers together to stroke in time. Dean couldn't judge Cas for wanting this after the events of the day. There was a special kind of safety found in each other's arms and there was no one here to judge them for it. Cas moved his free hand to cup Dean's cheek as his lips roamed his skin: his neck, his chest, back to his lips. He left little flesh unkissed and Dean writhed under the attention of it.
“Shit…” Lizzie shivered as she shook her head and ran her hand up her goosebump-covered arms, putting her other hand on the duffel and digging through it. “My sister keeps healing poultices but I need….Aha!” She held up a tiny bag made of burlap. “I’ve got what I need. I’m ready.”
Cas sighed now, and Dean could feel the eye roll over the phone. “I’d be better if you were here. Or preferably I was there. I had forgotten how insufferable other Angels are compared to your company.”
. It wasn’t like every brush of it against the table as he stood or unzipping to take a piss reminded him that Cas owned it for the next few weeks. Nah. Easy mode.
Jack sipped on his drink, sulking. “When do I get to drink beer? Dean lets me at the bunker…” He said as he dropped his voice.
Cas raised an eyebrow and side eyed the room. “I never understood having a fear of germs…. until now. And do not EVEN look at me that way. There is no way I will do anything that requires being naked in this room that is not showering. I can get diseases now…I feel like I might in this room…”
in charge.” Dean felt a thrill as Jack gasped and his eyes welled with tears before he felt a slap of shame, like a crack across his face.
Delaney grabbed Cas’ face and drug it back to make him stare at her. He barely resisted her magic weaving into him solidly with eye and body contact. She leaned forward and laid a chaste kiss on his lips as he stared, unblinking. He didn’t kiss back, which made her frown but he leaned over her, his eyes a deep blue as he stared down at her. “What is your name, Angel?”
Castiel was a bit taken aback at her forwardness, but he took her hand, pushing it back toward her as he shook it. “Casey…but everyone calls me Cas.”
As the evening wore on, many of the hunters started pairing off, as anyone in any kind of bar tended to do in these situations. Their group had mostly avoided the hormone driven hour, but their luck finally ran out when a lady hunter a couple of hard years older than them slid into a vacant chair at the recently empty table beside them, her blonde hair pulled up in a strategic bun at the base of her skull. She straddled the chair backwards, her tank top flashing the typical scars of a hunter and impressive muscles that Dean thought might give Cas a run for his money even now. She pulled her chair up between Dean and Cas, who gave her twin raised eyebrows as they glanced at the rest of the group, who managed to all go blind and give their attention to Lizzie. No help at all. The assholes.
Dean shook his head in amusement even as he arched into Cas' hand. “Dude, I was humping the cabinetry right before you walked in the door. If you look at me wrong, I’m gonna explode.”
Sam grinned and looked to Lizzie, excited he could share another part of their lives. “Oh, Castiel raised Dean from Hell after Dean made a deal to bring me back from the dead…”
it, and if you’re not going to tell me, you have to at least promise to keep her safe.” Jody looked to Dean then.
me wear those!” Dean barked in defense even as his dick perked up at the idea since there was no cage to tell him no.
Cas spoke up, pulling her attention again. “If you open that bottle, and you will really wish you hadn’t. Your plan will not work.”
Dean glared at the phone before aggressively typing out a text and lying on his stomach on the bed, glaring at the screen.
Lizzie was fine enough company, leading the conversation and Dean and Cas exchanged smiles as Sam seemed engrossed in her stories about auras, chakras, and lore. So much lore. Dean began to relax and was able to eventually fenagle the seating arrangement so that he was next to Cas, after sending Sam and Mary both for beer rounds a few times. He’d smiled charmingly at his brother after the last time he’d left and Dean had swiped his seat next to Cas, making his Angel squeeze his thigh under the table to stifle a laugh.  Dean did find it odd that Lizzie brought up her sister so much, but that she never appeared. When he brought it up, she waved her hand dismissively and laughed, insisting her sister wasn’t much for hunter gatherings. He understood that…the beer was beginning to leave a fuzzy feeling in his mouth and the constant noise was making his head throb. He didn’t feel much for hunter gatherings either at the moment. He really just wanted to grab a pizza and some sodas and go back to the hotel room and crash with Cas and watch garbage tv, but they were on a mission. A mission that seemed to be going well by the way Sam was laughing. Dean relaxed eventually, leaning back in the chair, and relegating most of his attention to Cas now that it seemed natural to do so.
Liz sat down next to him uninvited and flagged down Nelson, who brought her what appeared to be a regular glass of water. “Hunters don’t typically believe in all the aura stuff, but it actually can be really helpful when you need to tell the bad guys from the good guys, you know?”
Cas huffed at the obviousness of her question. “Yes, that one. He and I have been on very bad terms for quite some time. It's fairly personal at this point. He's killed me twice and I’ve attempted to kill him myself on multiple occasions, unsuccessfully. Dean finally was able to finish what I could not, at a very large cost to himself.” Cas looked to Dean, who swallowed and studied the floor as he felt Cas’ appraising and proud gaze.
“Wanna see you,” Dean said softly, but it was obvious Cas had no trouble hearing him. He gently slowed his movements and leaned over to give him his full attention.
The Shadow laughed cruelly, a sound Cas had never heard from Dean. “Even if you could, you wouldn’t want to. After the things you said? Dean would turn you away. He doesn't love you. Who could? You failed as an Angel. You failed as a human. What good are you except to throw your life away to save the real heroes of the story?”
“We thought you might…” Dean hedged as Jody raised her eyebrow in silent question. When Dean didn't finish his thought, Jody's eyes widened in disbelief before she spoke.
Sam rolled his eyes as he stared at his brother and his best friend with exasperation. “That’s all you took away from that? Look, Mom has Bobby, even if she isn’t calling it what it is. You two have each other. It works because you’re in the life. She’s a civilian. I don’t want a one-night stand, you know? I’m too old for that.”
Dean tucked little Jack into Cas’ bed, a bed he’d never seen him use but Dean had changed the sheets week after week since he’d offered him the room. Now Jack, a stinging, painful reminder of the still-raw loss, lay in it, looking small and as lost as he felt as he looked around the room. There was painfully little of Castiel in this room…
Dean’s eyes widened comically. “Do you mean…like, I’ll be tied down or too tired to move my arms and legs?”
Lizzie nodded her head. “I mean, hunters are open to a lot of things, but you start talking auras and stuff and suddenly you’re crazy. But hunting monsters is totally normal…” Cas laughed at her grumbling rant and he felt Dean’s eyes on him again.
“What the Hell happened?” Dean growled out as he tried to pull his hands from the bindings, but found no leeway or weaknesses to take advantage of.
“I sometimes forget you’re human,” Cas smiled softly, wiping the sweat from his forehead with the palm of his hand. “I’m sorry about that. When you feel okay, sit up and drink some water. I’ll get you something to eat when you are good and we can rest for a bit. I believe I let you overexert yourself.”
“Look, Sam, I didn’t sign up for this. I raised you and I raised myself. Hell, I helped raise Ben for a year, but this kid? He’s not our responsibility.” Dean shot a glance to Jack, who was looking between him and Sam, his lower lip stuck out slightly.
Cas slid his hand back to his lap, smiling but slight discomfort was behind his eyes now, her reading hitting closer to him than he would have guessed it could. Dean studied him from across the table, a twinkle in his eye with unreadable feeling. ”You could say that.”
“Can I sweep in here wiff you?” Jack came in clutching a small, white bear with little pearlescent fabric Angel wings poking out of its back, a brassy halo made of fabric sewn to the top of its head, and a matching fabric harp sewn to its paws.
“Promises, promises…” Cas murmured before he gave Dean a soft kiss on the cheek before he let him lead him to the bedroom to pack.
Lizzie raised an eyebrow at Jack’s sudden discomfort, but Mary smiled softly and rolled her eyes. “They probably got wind of a vamp nest to clear out they didn’t want to share with the group. They’ve got each other’s backs. We’re not worried about them. Especially when they’re together.”
“Not in front of Jack. One of us has to go into town and get supplies today. We need a car seat and toys and…Jack, are you potty trained?” Dean's eyes widened and he was gearing up for an argument before Jack interrupted him.
She looked to Castiel then. “You could just force me to forget like you did with Delaney. Why risk me telling everyone? I wouldn’t fight you, not like I would win if I tried.”
“You’re very nice when you aren’t being a jealous asshole,” Dean murmured in his ear, making him shudder as his hand snaked under his jacket. “You are soft in all the places that matter,” He pushed them closer to the back wall as he spoke now, making Cas walk backwards. “And you smell exactly like the cologne I bought you last week.” Dean kissed Cas’ neck and attempted to press him against the dark building. “I am not at all interested in anyone else in there.” Cas dodged his attempt and held his hand a moment before letting it go.
Delaney smiled now, triumphant. “I can, though, can’t I? Control you. If Rowena did it, so can I. I can keep you as my own, Angel. It doesn’t hurt that you aren’t too bad on the eyes, are you?” She slid a hand down his t-shirt clad chest and her eyes grew wide. “I can literally feel the power radiating off you. It makes my bones ache with it. The things I could accomplish with you to study and serve me are immeasurable...I’m sure I could find many uses for you. Such a handsome Angel,” She said softly as she pushed herself to a sitting position with him still straddling her. She took his hands up in her own before laying another soft kiss on his lips, her eyes open to maintain her thrall. “Such power.” She licked her lips as if she could taste it and her hand traced the sharp planes of his jaw.
The text from Cas that night didn’t even bring it up. He must have known day one was going to be easy. He gave Dean a rundown of where he was, their standard safety protocols, and a sappy, sweet message just for him. He shook his head as he texted back, still baffled as to how he could write such heart-skippingly sweet things and say the most
Sam looked to Lizzie as he was crouched behind a chair, trying not to be noticed till he had a plan. “You left a few things out about your sister….” She hissed out and she gave an apologetic look. “You can’t let her do this.”
“Oh God,” Cas moaned out before mumbling curses under his breath, his own back arching as Dean rode him.
The considered hmmm Cas let out didn't sound at all chastised. “Wouldn’t you if you were stuck in an unpleasant situation?”
human.” Dean felt offended and more than a bit defensive at Cas’ statement, crossing his arms over his chest in silent protest.
“Come with me, Dean,” Castiel said with so much command in his voice that Dean opened his own eyes to make sure Cas’ weren’t glowing blue. His eyes rolled back in his head at the mixture of love and lust in his lover’s eyes. What he wanted, however, was to chase away the shadows haunting him behind those surface emotions. But he
“Just a little,” Dean answered honestly, ducking his face into Cas’ shoulder. “You know it’s hard for me.”
, and now, when he isn’t here to have a say, you’re gonna abandon his kid. He was wrong about you, you know. You
“Yes you are, so good for me,” Cas whispered gently in his ear again as he grabbed the lube bottle. Dean’s senses were on edge, knowing the soft slide of flesh on flesh was Cas prepping himself. It was a sound he was familiar with by now, but it still made things deep inside of him tense in pleasant anticipation. He felt Cas lift his leg higher and slide slowly in, his earlier fingering making their joining easier now. He let out a breath and tried to let his muscles relax to let him in. Cas brought his arm around his waist to pull him closer and Dean relaxed his body as they joined together, both of them moaning at once as they did. Cas pressed them as closely together as was possible, and the beautifully ragged sound of him in his ear was almost too intimate for Dean after their earlier play. A month was too damn long to go without his comforting pressure at his back, without the feel of him inside him, without him whispering affirmations in his ear as they slowly began to move their hips to the same rhythm.
“Okay, well, let’s get some food,” Dean shuffled uncomfortably under Lizzie’s appraising gaze and they bantered amongst themselves as Dean scanned the menu with a skeptical eye. After the food was ordered and they were waiting, Dean nudged the conversation back to their earlier topic.
“Bastard,” Dean lovingly hissed out as he wiped the cage off and tossed it back in the box. As he changed for bed, the pressure of his underwear and pajama bottoms suddenly felt borderline sinful after a day of feeling nothing but silicone against his skin. He gently ran his hand along his half chub, rubbing the cotton against it, and he groaned, biting the knuckle of his other hand. Dean picked up his phone, not daring to call Cas because he didn’t know what bullshit angel business he was up to…but he could text.
Delaney sighed as she stood up and dusted her skirt off nonchalantly. “Sorry, Castiel. I suppose I moved a little too fast for you, but you will be mine. You are so much more than I could have hoped for. I thought I just wanted Grace but the whole package is far more impressive. Lizzie, can’t you feel his power?” She walked near Cas, making a wide semi-circle and he matched her step for step in the opposite direction. “If you wanted me dead, you’d have done it, Castiel. You obviously need someone to take you away from these hunters who hold you hostage, keep your Grace at arm’s length, deny you your God-given power. What else do they make you do? I can help you. I can take you away from them.”
healthier than that, not that Sam didn’t grow up just fine,” Jody added quickly as she looked to Dean.
“I was not flirting….I don’t think I was…If so it wasn’t intentional,” Cas said as his forehead creased and his mouth turned into a frown as he questioned his interaction with Lizzie.
. Dean’s mind was alight with ideas. Things they hadn’t tried. Things they had only hedged around discussing…but again, Cas had a lot more time to look shit up than he did. “Umm, okay. Anything specific in mind?”
. He looked around, knowing Cas well enough to be wary about opening it around Sam. He slid into the driver’s seat of the Impala and shut the door with a metallic squeal. He hit play and it took him a moment to realize Cas had settled his phone at an angle in his truck, getting an angle that showed his lap and his torso. Dean had a moment to think it might have been an accidental video until he watched Cas’ strong hands come into view and deliberately undo his belt and zipper.
you to wear it because I said so. I want you to have a reminder of who you are playing this game for since it’s been so easy…” There was no anger in his tone because he wasn't angry. The jerk was amused and making the game harder because of it.
Suddenly Dean understood why he was asking. “Only coffee.” His answer made Cas frown slightly and gently release his hip.
“What’re you proposing?” Dean's heart fluttered, adrenaline coursing through his veins now. Someone believed him. Someone else wanted to help save Cas. He wouldn't have to do this alone.
Lizzie untied Sam as she continued to speak. “It won’t work Delaney! There’s already love in his heart for someone. You have to see that and you
“I, uh, thought about what you said. What would Cas say...and you’re right. He’d be pissed if I dumped Jack after everything…so, I’m going to make it work.
Castiel thought to himself how this was a vast understatement. He'd had his hands on every naked inch of Dean Winchester that there was, physically and otherwise. He’d touched his red, ragged soul in Hell and rebuilt him from nothing. He’d laid his tattered soul bare and placed it inside his empty shell and breathed life back into him with his own breath and his Grace. .…and he’d also made sinful, desperate noises escape his perfect lips that he hadn't known Dean could make…and not an hour ago he’d had his own dick buried deep inside of him…No. Focus. He took a swig of his beer to ground himself as he focused on Nelson’s words. Human focus still sometimes evaded him. “Yeah, it’d be safe to say that,” Cas said shortly, hoping the pause in conversation had not been too long while he’d let his thoughts go unimpeded.
“You shut up too, Sammy,” Dean said as he pulled his eyes away and looked to Lizzie, who came to kneel on the other side of Cas on the bed. “Are you ready?” She nodded. Dean took the empty bottle from Cas’ hand and grimaced as he extended his neck back and he slid the knife across his throat. It went against everything he was and felt to harm him. Cas’ eyes widened in panic as he felt the Grace slide out, choking him as it danced around the bottle’s rim before sliding in, filling it effortlessly. Dean capped it without looking as he looked to Lizzie urgently. She clapped her hand over the quickly bleeding wound and whispered softly, her eyes screwed shut in concentration until Cas sat up, gasping. She pulled her hand away and studied him.
“I’m not interested in men either,” Dean said with a laugh as Cas turned with a skeptical face. “Just you, dumb ass. I was trying to be romantic…”
“Research,” Dean grumbled as he ran his hands along the spines, pulling a book out and slotting it back in just as quickly.
,” Dean gasped out as Cas slid his hand down and grasped their soap slick dicks together, and began stroking them. Immediately, they both began thrusting into Cas’ hand and Dean groaned out, throwing his head back against the shower wall. Cas leaned in and kissed him deeply, possessively, his tongue sliding dominatingly into his mouth and tasting him. The water spray angled down Cas' back but continued to spatter along Dean's face, dripping down Cas' dark hair in an unbroken river.
sign up for this. Were you really going to let him do it alone?” Sam knew the answer but he gave Dean a steady, understanding gaze.
Cas stood, defiant with his hands in fists at his side. “I have a right to my concerns and insecurities, Dean, just as you do.”
"What do you mean?" Dean shot him a look, a grin on his face to cover his confusion...knowing Sam was suspicious.
He put an arm over his back, holding him beside him tightly. “I didn’t mean to or even know I did…I suppose it was a form of lucid dreaming…" He laid his cheek on Dean's hair and lowered his voice. "Our
find each other, Cas, even if it takes us a little bit. You hold onto that. What we have is stronger than anything they try to throw at us. We’ve proven it, and I swear I’ll never let someone part us like that…" Dean gently leaned away and tugged him toward the bed. "Now come on, let’s get a few hours of rest. You know I need my beauty sleep.” Dean tried to smile but he was tired and Cas’ fears made it not reach his eyes.
“Oh please, Dean. One, it was one lady. Two, I can no more control my aura than you can control the fact that you are an insensitive jerk,” Cas said with venom in his voice as he felt defensive. “And I have zero interest in her obviously. I was trying to be friendly, old buddy…” He drolled out, frustration at their situation dripping from his tone.
Instead of answering again, Dean thrust up against him and ran both hands through his wings, making Cas catch himself with both hands as his wings trembled and shook water onto him. “Fuck!” Cas almost shouted as he regained his composure. “Get the lube,” Cas all but commanded him as he sat up, releasing his weight from him. The soft, cool rain immediately began to fall on Dean's face but he scrambled to his feet and not so casually hustled to where they’d left it. Cas was on him the moment the bottle was in his hand, putting him on his hands and knees. The sun, though lower, cast a long silhouette, their shadow two bodies with a pair of wings towering above them. It was an odd feeling. The sun shining on them while thunder rumbled in the distance. He knew they were giving a metaphorical middle finger to Heaven right now…and though thrilling, it was rare their bold actions were without consequences. He had no doubt Heaven, and Naomi in particular, would find some way to punish them for their insolence…but
“Oh, certainly not. I’ve been called so many names by the Angels in the month I’ve been gone. Deviant. Freak. Traitor. Rebel…This list goes on…Yet they never seem to turn down my help when they need it. They believe my differences make me dangerous, yet they also believe it makes me strong. Perhaps they are right on both counts. The joke is on them though…because all I really want to do is be left alone with you, like this.” He skated his fingertips along Dean’s side, watching him shiver. “Not so very dangerous after all.”
Dean’s stomach flipped and he quickly turned and shot a look to Claire, who frowned and shook her head at his unspoken question. As Jody watched the two of them, gearing up to ask a follow-up question, Sam barged in with the pack-n-play, banging it against the door.
“Finding out what you and your partner enjoy in bed is nothing if not an educational experience. Like the story you told me about the pink panties…”
“Tease,” Dean murmured as he straightened his shirt and hair and adjusted himself in his pants as casually as he could manage.
“Then drop it, okay?” Sam said as he walked off abruptly, leaving Dean and Cas alone in the kitchen.
“Eh, you were always a little different, but you definitely had a major stick up your ass.” A teasing grin spread across Dean’s face now but Cas shrugged with a defeated smile.
“No,” Claire bit back quickly. “No. She needs to concentrate on her classes. I’ll just get in her way.”
. You know that right?” Sam said with panic forming in his eyes as she stepped closer to Cas, who was helpless as he struggled to get his hands free, his face a mask of control, unlike Sam and Dean.
It had started as a joke…an offhanded comment from Cas about how Dean wouldn’t be able to last a day without touching himself while he was gone. Dean admitted he might have played himself into a corner with his arrogant attitude. The moment he’d waved off Cas’ comment, he’d seen his Dom brow go up in challenge and that was the moment he should have known he was screwed.
“Night night,” Jack murmured as he snuggled down and Dean tucked the comforter around him before exiting the room and leaving the door cracked.
…” murmured Cas as it made a beeline for him. His head jerked up involuntarily, straining the muscles of his throat as the Grace forced its way inside, his back arching off the chair and his limbs straining against the restraints. His eyes threw open and burned a bright blue as his core began to glow with a painfully bright ethereal light. “Your eyes!” Castiel shouted out and Dean and Sam tucked their heads to their shoulders as the room erupted with the bright white light just before what felt like an explosion of pure energy erupted from him. The dead bulbs above their heads flickered and sparked back to life only to shatter and explode in a shower of glass shards, the remaining few window panes blew out, and every object not tied down flew across the room in an invisible wind, not stopping till they hit a wall. Dean and Sam's chairs skidded away from Cas but never toppled over, a small miracle in itself. As the light dimmed, the men looked over and Cas stood, the ropes and zip ties falling easily from his arms as the shadow of his wings loomed terrifyling behind him.
“No more than I expected. This time together is by far the highlight of my week, though. I forget that other Angels are so….”
“I’d like that too, Sam, a lot,” Lizzie said with a soft smile as she tucked her hair behind her ears shyly. “It was really nice to meet you and your family.”
Cas looked to Dean now, his own worry making the lines in his forehead deepen. “I can extract my own Grace but…”
Jody nodded in understanding with a sad smile. “Okay, I get that. What about Kaia? You think she wants to join you all?“
“Enough you two. Let’s go pay our respects, have a few beers, and try to have a little fun,” Mary barked out and they all fell silent as they fell into step behind her as she turned and headed in the roadhouse. Dean smiled, thinking it funny how Cas seemed to so often treat Mary as the senior member of the group in respect when he aged her out by...well...a fucking lot. The look on Cas' face now may not have given away the weight of millennia to anyone else, but Dean knew. If anyone in the bar they were walking into had a clue, they’d have been in for a fight, or at least a whole lot of explaining. He absently brushed the front of his shirt to ease his mind that Cas’ grace was tucked safely away under his layers and stole one last love struck look to his ex-angel before plastering on his other persona.
!" Claire stepped away as he lashed out but he took a calming breath before continuing, feeling the heat in his face. "We defeated Chuck and after we drove away he just...Benjamin Buttoned himself…I had planned to talk to him when we got back to the bunker. Sam is very in the “this was Cas’ choice” camp and he didn’t think we needed to mess with the natural order anymore…What’s dead stays dead.” He finger quoted the last, having heard it several times from Sam since Cas had died...any time Dean had mentioned getting Cas back.
“Nice to meet you Cas. So, look…this is gonna sound craaaazy,” she took her finger and made loops next to her ear as she spoke. “Your aura is crazy weird. I saw all the hullaballoo over your friends over there and I was like, huh, that’s cool but then your aura was like all kinds of crazy and I thought, that’s the guy to talk to!” Cas’ forehead wrinkled and his eyes narrowed in confusion.
Cas pressed gently into Dean’s shoulder again. “Well Greg did…so what’s so interesting about it other than the obvious?”
However, Dean's face shut down and he looked at him blankly, his only tell the slight squinting of his eyes. “Well, Daddy Cas isn’t here is he to assist, now is he?”
Lizzie awkwardly began again, looking between the three of them with growing confusion and intrigue. “Umm, there’s also some emerald green, which also means you are a love-centered person.” Lizzie looked even puzzled by the end and Dean coughed uncomfortably as Cas looked at him across the table.
“Oh. That’s easy. Tomorrow I make the most of your brother’s absence for a bit longer. As I said, today was about what you wanted. Tomorrow will be what I want to give you...if you’ll have me.”
“Oh, it’s a laugh a minute…” Dean murmured as he sat down on the other side of the table from Cas in the only empty seat, wetting his lips mindlessly as Cas grazed him with his eyes. “Anyway,” Dean tore his eyes from Cas in what he hoped was subtle but from the foot he felt stomp on him from Sam…it wasn’t.
Jody let out a sigh but knew when not to argue with Claire. “You guys can crash here but I don’t have a crib or anything.“
“So where were Dean and Casey going to in such a hurry?” Lizzie said as she sipped on her water after their hasty exit.
Jody stood on the sidewalk, her arms crossed over her chest as she watched them pull out of the driveway the next day, worry and suspicion still painted on her face. She and Dean locked eyes and he gave her a salute, a silent promise to keep Claire safe.
Dean gave him a warning glance and Sam dropped his arm with a sigh before he walked down the hall to his room.
"Uh-huh." Sam glanced back to Jack worriedly, but happy to see he was absorbed in his tablet, he leaned back comfortably in his chair and settled in for the ride.
Suddenly Claire was in his arms and Dean hugged her, letting her dig her chin into his shoulder. After a moment, he sighed and fought back the tears enough to pull back. “Claire, why are we hearing him? I thought I was just losing it, which, fair enough, not that far to go, but if you’re hearing him…”
Cas makes his unhappiness and Dean's idea known before they head to the hunter's funeral. Dean and Cas make time to spend some quiet time together before they head out into the chaos of a hunter's bar.
“That’s me...Just loving all the attention,” Dean grumbled. He turned to Cas with a raised eyebrow as he glanced to Lizzie. “You know, the table’s cleared out a little if you want to come back and join us?”
Dean rolled his eyes and nudged Cas with his elbow, trying to lighten the burden Cas seemed to be carrying about going. “And our main motive. Matchmaker, remember?”
His lips, so much softer than they looked, made Dean throw his hands out behind him to prop his body up. He strained toward him magnetically, like his body knew relief was finally here in the way of Cas. Blowjobs weren’t new to Dean. Hell, they weren’t even new to Cas at this point, but what he did to him couldn’t be rivaled by anyone else. He’d gotten a lot of head in his day and for a lot of partners it was a means to a quick end, but apparently for Cas, half the fun was watching him come apart at the pleasure, not race to the end. Sadly, though, this wasn’t going to be a long, drawn-out process even if he wanted it to be. As soon as Cas’ lips wrapped around him, the wet and the warmth made him cry out. He’d denied himself through sheer will for too long not to be overwhelmed. He sat up and twisted his fingers in Cas’ hair, making the man between his legs groan in surprise. Thankfully, Cas was undeterred and Dean thrust into his mouth in renewed desperation, his back bowed over him as if hunched in prayer. Not needing his hands anymore, Cas wrapped them around Dean’s naked waist and spread his hands over his ass, holding him in place as hard as Dean was holding him. He knew it wasn’t going to take long. Hell, Cas could have used his hand and stroked him for only a minute and he’d have blown his load, but with his mouth and tongue and the muffled moans coming out of the Angel between his legs, he was a fucking lost cause. He tightened his fingers in warning and felt Cas grip him harder, assuring him he understood, before he felt pleasure race up his spine, making little stars pop in his vision as the buildup rushed into his groin and he came down Cas’ throat, chanting his name.
“Yes,” Dean answered abruptly, Cas’ wings shielding his face from the rain that was beginning to fall.
“Lizzie?” Castiel kneeled gracefully, effortlessly balancing on the balls of his feet and making eye contact with her. “If you wish, I can erase all of this from you after it is over. It is a lot, I understand. It would be a lot for anyone….It can be a lot for us some days.”
“If you’re feeling tempted or if you’d like. Just hands off unless you’re showering or using the bathroom. You know the rules. Your orgasms belong to
“Wait,” Dean took the blade from Cas, who frowned. “You’ll do it more dramatic than necessary. Let me do it…”
Cas closed his bedroom door and the distance between them and had his fingers in Dean’s hair before he even had his name out of his lips. “You’re being a brat.”
Liz smiled a friendly smile, flashing all her teeth. “Auras don’t lie. You’re all violet and lavenders but with flashes of all the colors. You have an old soul, but I’m sure you’ve heard that before.” Cas about spit his beer out as she said the last and he choked a moment before recovering. Liz put her hand on his shoulder in concern as he choked before he waved her hand away.
Lizzie kept a strong grip on his hand and did not relent as he gently tugged. “Hold on…You also have a somewhat rare line called the dedication line. It stops at the heart line, which shows the change that occurred in your life was more aligned to your desires. I don’t think I’ve ever seen that line in anywhere other than books. So that change was a very dramatic one, and personal as well, huh?”
“Can? Yes. Want to? No.” A bubbly, relaxed giggle erupted out of him that had Cas raising an eyebrow in question but he scooted slowly to a sitting position and propped himself up against the small headboard. When Cas silently handed him the bottle of water, he gladly took it and chugged the remainder of it before tossing it on the floor.
They came back in to find Jody sitting on the floor with Jack, the cheap plastic dinosaurs Sam had bought him strewn across the floor in colorful disarray.
“That is a very good idea. She does not need the temptation to use her powers, or to remember the things she has sought,” Cas added immediately, his face hard as he looked to her sleeping form on the other bed.
His mind may have been happy but sleep was full of dreams the next week. His dreams had never had a problem being vivid. His time in Hell made his brain fully capable of creating dreams that felt so real that he could not tell what was a dream and what was reality. Luckily the activities in these dreams were far more pleasant than his recurring Hell dreams.
“Sometimes that’s up for debate. I wouldn’t worry so much but with Cas gone-Damn it, I’m sorry…” Jody threw her palm over her mouth, trying to stop the words before they came out but failing.
The concrete roof became slick as the rain fell harder and Cas reached an arm around his stomach and pulled him up flush to his chest and brought his wings around to shield their faces from the rain, never missing a beat in his rhythm, now just seating Dean on his thighs as he fucked into him. Dean rested his head on his shoulder and eagerly stroked his fingers through the rain-slick feathers, loving Cas’ harsh breaths as he did. The building vibrated with the next thunderclap, Heaven’s storm drawing closer, but Dean could only care about the orgasm Cas was working out of him as his movements stroked along his prostate. He dropped his hands from his wings and clumsily tried to grab his dick but Cas knocked it away before taking both his wrists in his hands and thrusting them back into his wings.
“What's going on? One day you’re wanting Jack gone. Now, Claire’s coming back with us and you’re fine with Jack staying, and now you’re fine with you and Claire watching him while I go see Eileen. What’s really going on?” Sam looked between them but Dean and Claire said nothing, fighting any words that would damn their newfound mission. The silence, however, became suspicious on its own and Dean fought to find the right thing to say.
think it’s a good idea to let him too far out of our sight? Think of the damage he could do in the wrong hands.”
She smiled, mistaking his question for genuine interest in her flirtations. “Mindy, and don’t worry. I’m not looking for love, baby. I’m just looking for a couple of good hours and you two look like you could give it to me.”
“Deviant…Rebel…I have so many names these days…” Cas stroked him and Dean turned to him, but Cas put a finger to his lips. “Say my name. My
Jody watched them with wary eyes, biting the inside of her cheek before she spoke. “So, what? Are you two gonna start a daddy daycare in the bunker or...?”
. He tossed the book on the nightstand and got down on the floor to drag out a small box he kept under his bed. He opened it and looked down at his small but quickly growing box of toys. What he wanted was sitting on top, pale blue and made of silicone. The cock cage. Cas had bought a blue one so Dean would have another reminder of who he was wearing it for when they played….like he could fucking forget. Who would have thought the dorky guy had it in him? Dean grabbed the bottle of lube and the cage and made sure his door was locked before he gently applied a small amount of lube to himself, careful not to overstimulate himself back to his earlier problem and put it on, making sure nothing was too snug before clicking the tiny lock into place. He gently put the key back in the box and pushed the box itself back under the bed before he got up off his knees and pulled his jeans back up and buttoned his pants back over it. Because it was a soft silicone, there was no telltale bulge. If someone brushed their hands over his crotch they might wonder, but Dean had no intention of having anyone doing that, so no worries there. He just didn’t want his brother noticing anything and asking any questions. He might be super supportive of him and Cas but he had no want to explain just how kinky his brother and his best friend got in and out of the bedroom. Best to leave Sam in the dark on that subject.
“Fucking witches, man!” Dean growled out as he shook his arms with relief as he was able to move them before closing the distance between Cas and himself and putting a hand on his shoulder without hesitation. “Cas, are you okay?”
about what happened tonight was your fault, damn it. You know that right? You gotta know that.” Dean brought him close into his arms and ran a comforting hand down his back.
"I’m sure Eileen filled him in on my arrival when you didn’t respond so he wouldn’t worry.” Cas’ eyes lit with humor as he saw the text. Dean shrugged and took another bite of his sandwich and chased it down with a sip of beer.
away being called all sorts of things.” His thumb traced along the light hair below his belly button and Dean bucked into his hand. “Are you opposed to sex? I thought we’d start off easy since it had been a while, but if you are up for it..”
Dean stepped forward, his hand outstretched to snatch the bear back but Jack backed up and bumped into Sam’s legs as he came stumbling down the hall.
Dean tried to be happy about that fact, but the bitterness and the stinging jealousy still felt fresh to him. Seeing Sam's face light up with happiness when Eileen answered the phone...Dean had stepped away and rung Cas...hoping...but there would never be an answer again...“Yeah, yeah she did. They’re taking it slow…”
“Dean, as you well know, I didn’t have the same restrictions on myself as you did. I haven’t used the immense willpower that you did. I-“
“I never asked Dean to love me back,” Cas snapped as he tried to stand. The Shadow kicked nonchalantly at his knee and he fell backward, the oozey blackness grabbing at his arms as he fell.
Cas frowned and worry lines formed on his forehead and creased the sides of his mouth. “You’ve been asking for something I’ve been hesitant to do…And out here is the only space large enough to do it.”
“Yeah yeah, we’re a bunch of mud monkeys. I remember,” Dean grumbled as he sleepily ran his fingers through his hair. He caught Cas staring as he flexed his arms over his head. He could see genuine regret in his eyes since he was dressed to leave already. “Like what you see?” Dean said with a grin as Cas took an unintended step back into the bedroom. Dean thought he had him on the hook.
Claire was not so easily swayed by Sam's reasonable answer, crossing her arms and throwing herself back onto the leather backseat. “So, what, you just move on after a couple of weeks? Is that how long you’ll care if I die bloody?”
Cas got still and smiled with a soft, knowing smile as he leaned in and whispered in his ear. “I can have sex with you anywhere I
“I could be persuaded I suppose…” Dean murmured against his chin. Just as Castiel placed his hands at the small of Dean’s bare back, a fist pounded on the door.
“I’ll go get you another.” Cas went to stand but Dean grabbed him by the wrist and he froze and turned back to him.
“So, tomorrow…” Cas began, licking his bottom lip in a nervous gesture. Dean was fairly certain he had picked it up from him, and he gave him an encouraging glance to continue. “You will need a safe word.”
Dean caught himself almost leaning his cheek against Cas like a cat before catching himself and sighing. Time for that later. Have to focus. “Heart attack actually. Running from a pack of Weres. Keeled over dead…” Dean murmured, feeling Cas’ eyes on him and hearing the I-told-you-so before it arrived.
Cas looked over at Dean, who’d taken a pillow and had it pressed over his head dramatically in an attempt to block out the harsh light. “Better make it ten…”
“Oh, you’ve heard of that one, eh?” Delaney grinned up at him, her eyes alight with mischief instead of the fear that would have been more expected. “What witch did you have a run-in with before me, Angel?” Her eyes were heated as she stared at him, lover-like.
“I’m going to murder Sam for putting the thought of jogging into your head. I don’t jog unless something is chasing me,” Dean growled out as he sat up and stretched his arms above his head, his eyes locked on Cas' back.
Mary walked up then and eyed Castiel sheepishly. “I was going to tell you guys about it in a bit. We had plenty of help, with all the hunters in town.” Her voice was guarded, having had this argument with Castiel several times before. Cas sighed and nodded, choosing not to argue as Dean squeezed his hand before letting go to grab his bag.
to do it. I could have jacked off a hundred times without you knowing…but I wanted to do what you told me to. I’ve fucked up so much in my life, it was nice not to be calling the shots for a little while/ It took the pressure off...Well, in some ways…Maybe following the simple orders in our games doesn’t help anything…but it makes me
“Five-minute warning. Clothes. Shoes. Door. Five minutes!” Sam yelled through the door. "Cas...keep him on task."
The black ooze that seemed to encompass everything around him formed itself in front of Castiel again. To his credit, Castiel remained staring at the ground, refusing to give them the pleasure of his attention.
Cas’ face got the familiar look of insecurity that Dean thought he’d chased away forever. The Angel absently scratched between his shoulder blades like talking about wings was causing him actual physical discomfort before sitting down and gesturing for Dean to follow suit. They sat together under the overhang, knees knocking against one another as Cas searched for the words he wanted.
of loving a Winchester." He hesitated a moment, involuntarily gauging Dean's reaction to his words. "She had been wanting Sam to come over for two weeks, but apparently he was worried about how odd
“I promise you’d appreciate me eventually,” She said with a flirty, confident smile. Cas had made his way to Dean and grasped his hand, letting his Grace flow through him to break the spell she had put on his body. He shielded Dean from Delaney as she stepped forward again and began to whisper an incantation, stepping to meet her as both of his hands made contact with her shoulders, throwing her hard into the wall behind her. She hit the wall with a sickening thud and slumped down, immediately unconscious. Castiel stepped toward her body with purpose but Lizzie spoke up immediately.
They stared at one another a beat before Dean shook his head. “No. I can’t explain it but I can feel it. He's in trouble. I know it.”
“I am aware of that, and we need to practice so you can continue to outrun them. Neither of us are as fit as we used to be…” Castiel said with a raised eyebrow as he slid the white t-shirt over his bare chest and turned back to Dean.
That night, Dean closed his bedroom door and leaned against it as he shimmied off his jeans and pulled his underwear down below his balls. He arched his back as he looked at himself, locked away in a pretty package, remembering Cas’ words the first time they’d done this. He’d had his reservations, but the moment he saw Cas’ face as he took him in, locked away for Cas’ later use, he’d been willing to try. This was the first time he was wearing it for more than a day, but with the night breaks Cas was insisting on, he wasn’t worried. He turned the lock on his door and got on all fours to pull out the box and extract the key. When he unclicked the tiny lock and gently popped off the cage, he immediately started chubbing up. Wait. Cas might not have been giving him night breaks just for his health. This was going to make nights
Without thinking, Dean blurted out, “Of course I did…but I’m not sure how much Sam did...You prayed to him too?”
“Cas! Sam! Dean!” Jack said excitedly as they opened the doors to the Impala. Jack was there before the engine shut off, offering to help unload their bags.  “Your rooms are on a different floor. Apparently, the whole place is crawling with hunters. That’s what Mary said anyway,” Jack said as Cas smiled at him and they embraced.
in his seat. There was a thrill and a fear in the idea of being truly seen. For someone to know him as Cas did and still be here…Well, it surprised the Hell out of him to be honest. They stared a beat too long for normal conversation’s sake and Dean’s tongue gently snaked out to wet his lips as they leaned in as if pulled together by magic. What they had
“What’s wrong?” Dean asked immediately, not blind to body language and Cas’ visible discomfort at this specific topic.
Dean and Sam head to Sioux Falls to see Jody and see if she can help them with their toddler problem. However, they are met with a hostile Claire who has a secret of her own. She and Dean have something in common that will bring them together to fight for Cas.
“Two more then we really should return and gather our belongings from the site of the incident,” Cas said with growing impatience that he tried to reign in.
Dean stopped in his tracks and leaned against the hall wall before sliding down and sitting, his legs partially stretched out in front of him. Was he losing it? Was this a remnant of the Mark? He couldn’t tell Sam he was hearing voices…especially not
‘I mean, it’s not that interesting…” Dean said as he looked to the others for an escape route. Jack, Cas, and Mary were no help as they eyed the group.
!” He cried out even as the thunder became almost deafening. Cas, for all his seemingly endless control, grabbed Dean’s hips hard and held him in place as he came moments later. He bent his head to swallow his own name off his lips even as Dean felt him fill him with wet heat.
Sam sighed, Dean's noise a distraction to his actual research. “Right…Why don’t you go watch a movie or something?”
“Fuck if I’m complaining,” Dean murmured as he blinked slowly up at him, the post-orgasm endorphins making him feel
Lizzie went to her sister and kneeled beside her, running a hand along the back of her head before smoothing the hair from her face. “She’s my sister. No matter what she does…I love her. I wish I didn’t. I know she’s capable of bad things, but I can’t just let you kill her.”
“Heaven. Naomi to be exact. She’s throwing a tantrum that I, her greatest failure, am so blatantly disregarding Heaven’s laws.” Cas whispered this all low, his lips ghosting gently along the sensitive shell of his ear.
“Do I…” Dean licked his lips at Cas’ proximity, his breath ghosting along his neck and making his pulse jump. “Do I have to wear the cage the whole time?”
“You’re serious right now?” Dean rolled his eyes in frustration. “I’ve been fucked six ways to Sunday today by you and you actually think I’m gonna see your feathers and freak the fuck out?
Dean slid his fingers across a rougher patch of feathers, his thumb tracing along the tip of a primary that was one of the ones he thought looked burned. “What happened to these? The damage looks older than the regrowth.”
Dean's eyes widened. He really needed to learn to not type out every thought he had. Well, fuck, he was all in now.
“What is it?” Cas said as he put down his coffee and came to stand behind him, intrigued by his interest. Dean could feel the heat of him at his back and the rich coffee aroma that clung to his clothes. He leaned back enough to make contact with his chest. Cas noticed and laid a hand on both shoulders as he peered at the email. They’d both been denied touches for so long that they didn’t miss any opportunities now. Not even ones as simple as these.
Dean scrubbed his hand over his face and propped himself up against the headboard. “Fair enough. What about?”
Dean, though annoyed, immediately complied…and then glared when he realized he’d done it without hesitation. Damn. He sat on his heels, hands in his lap like he was waiting to open a Christmas present.
Cas took another sip and turned his chair to attempt to be able to see the table he’d left as he spoke. His interest was only perfunctory but he attempted to be polite. “How’d you learn to read auras?”
“You know, you’re gonna go first, with that know-it-all attitude. It’s all scientific speculation at this point and it’s a chance I’m willing to take,” Delaney said with a growl as she pointed a large, metal needle and syringe in Cas’ direction.
Mary smiled easily as she tossed down money onto the smooth bar top. “I’m sure I mentioned it before. Campbells and Winchesters…we’re all related you know. Can you get us four beers and a Pepsi?”
“Says the man who used to fly. Which is also horrible by the way…” Dean said with an eyeroll to Cas.
Lizzie continued, eager at their admittance. “My sister is obsessed with Angels. Grace. Enochian. All that. She studies it. It’s not really my thing but I try to be supportive, because it can be a very interesting subject. You know, the different types of Angels, their weapons, their use of human vessels…Did you know Angels can only take a vessel after they have been given explicit permission? Polar opposite of demons. I find that really interesting…”
Dean. “The deal was I would take you, forever. Do you really want to be awake forever? It’s going to make your existence an excruciating one...because if
? Please. A group of kill first ask questions later hunters would rather kill an Angel than study them. Please spare me your ridiculous lies.”
She nodded and smiled softly before clearing her throat, watching as Dean and Castiel turned to her. “Sorry to interrupt…but I’ll need a few things from my sister’s bag of tricks to heal you as quickly as you’ll need.”
Finally, he took a deep breath and brought his eyes to look deeply into Dean’s. “You’ve been so accepting of everything recently. My feelings. Your feelings. Our mutual desires…but all fairly hidden under the guise of me passing for human.”
It never got old…That was Dean’s first thought. An amazing thought, considering his past deeds. God, but he was whipped. He’d never felt this way. Not with anyone. He and Cas were forged from the same flesh when they laid together in this way. As Cas jerked his hips and pushed himself in harder, faster, Dean let himself go. He arched his back and clung to Cas’ arms, whimpering through his gritted teeth. Dean Winchester, legendary hunter and known ladies man, getting positively railed in a disgusting hotel room by a man who used to be an Angel. Yeah, didn’t call that one for his future. He looked down at Cas, his hair clinging to his sweat damp forehead, and Cas opened his eyes at the same time, biting his lower lip in concentration. Dean’s breath came out shakily as he rolled his hips just the way he knew Cas liked and was rewarded with him throwing his head back and swearing a streak in Enochian. Dean had learned exactly what those words meant, and they were absolutely filthy….He let a self-satisfied laugh escape him even as he felt Cas’ rhythm falter and both of their phones ding at the same time. Sam and the others had grown impatient.
“Thought they were dead…” murmured another unseen voice. They could hear all manner of voices whispering rather loudly about them. Mary, the head of the group, cleared her throat and headed to the bar with the others following closely behind her, forcing her body language to be nonchalant and conveying that to the others as she led.
Day two and three went off without too much of a hitch but he was coming up on his threshold of time he was used to…three to four days was about his limit these days. He vibrated with nervous energy the night of day four, bouncing on his toes as he studied the shelves of books in the library. Sam huffed and put a bookmark in the tome he was reading, glancing at his brother with annoyance.
“I mean, no, but do we look like parent material to you?” Dean gestured between him and Sam while Sam gave Jody an apologetic look as he rubbed circles along Jack's back.
little bond you have, the fact that he prays to you still…It gives me an open door to up here.” The shadow pointed to his own forehead…Dean’s forehead…and grinned wickedly.
Cas flexed his wings higher above his head as if stretching them before settling them back down to their natural state. “Yes, but…
“I can babysit.” Claire smiled at her own brilliance, knowing it was a great excuse for her to join them.
“I’m not as strong as her…” Lizzie whispered nervously as she shook head. Sam looked around for anything that could be used as a weapon. The floor was littered with shards of broken glass. He could send Cas away if needed to get him away from her…He searched for a piece to do the job until a better idea came along.
“I disagree,” Cas snapped back abruptly, his tone sharp enough to make Sam snap his mouth shut apologetically  and Lizzie look between them again, puzzled.
Dean complied, grabbing up his water bottle and taking a large swig as Cas laid on his side beside him. “Not that I mind the view, but gonna need a little bit to recover her,” Dean added as his eyes followed along his skin.
Dean shook his head as he finished his water and tossed the bottle into the sink. “Why? She seemed pretty into you when we ran into her at the grocery store last week. She even did the flirty eyes thing.”
“Liar,” Dean whispered softly in his ear as they opened the door and were again assaulted by the noise. They hugged the wall to get to their table and there smiling at them was a familiar face.
Sam and Cas immediately recognized the implement in her hand and stole a glance to one another. It was the syringe the Men of Letter’s had designed to extract Grace…or at least a similar design. Sam spoke up first, his forehead creased in concern. “Where did you get that?”
“I’d come in with one of my cheap comic books and read you back to sleep. You liked seeing the good guys win.” Dean laughed harshly. “Hell, you were convinced our dad was a superhero.”
Lizzie’s eyebrows raised in excitement. “You actually believe in them? You’d be the first hunter I’ve met that does.”
. It made things deeply buried try to claw their way up but Cas' hands so gently reassuring at his sides helped ground him. With a little wiggling and adjusting, Cas slid back in as Dean sat down slowly, seating himself on him with a pleasured groan. The new angle brought with it new feeling, and Cas was as deep within him as he could ever be. The thought combined with the sensation made Dean’s gut twist in an equally pleasant ache. After Dean got adjusted to the new angle, he looked down and Cas was already struggling for control. He had his head back and turned to the side, his eyes scrunched closed like looking at Dean might be too much and send him spilling into him too soon. Dean cleared his throat and wet his lips, stalling until he could think of the right words. Sex was one thing, but feelings
yours. However,” Cas leaned over and gently put two fingers under his chin, locking their eyes together. “
She looked between the three of them and nodded slowly, more to herself than to them. “So…. whose the parent Angel then if not you?”
“Goddamn it, not now!” Dean growled out to the echo of Cas' words, and he went to put his hands over his ears. Catching himself quickly, he pretended to run his fingers through his hair to camouflage the movement. Frowning, Jody looked to Sam in question but he shook his head.
Dean leaned against the hotel room wall nearest Cas and rubbed his hands over his face. “Oh yeah, they know everything…” He hesitated a moment then mentally made a decision and began to speak, surprising Sam and Castiel both. “Mary...She's our mom. Dead 30 years and resurrected by a cosmic entity, and I’m not going into that one right now. You aren’t ready for the follow-up questions on that one.”
“Oh, I’m always worth it Angel,” Dean chuckled as they stripped everything off and rutted against one another.
Dean walked into the room and leaned against the door frame, watching Cas chuck blade after blade down into the target, all hitting with deadly accuracy. He shook his head as he watched him. He might be human now, but he moved with such grace and skill that he’d swear he wasn’t human if he didn’t know different, oh but he knew. He pressed his palm over the vial of grace that hung from his neck as a habit. It was now just like checking that he had his wallet and keys, something he panicked if he didn’t know where it was in the rare moments he took it off. Cas sensed the movement and he looked over, sheathing the unthrown knives in his wrist sheaths as he walked over to the target to retrieve the others.
Cas made an apologetic smile now, rolling his beer bottle on its edge. “Well...I said I believed in auras, not that it was something I’d studied.”
Cas let his emotional shields down, melting into Dean’s embrace and speaking into Dean's shoulder again. “I’m supposed to be strong. Angels are God’s warriors and
Immediately, Dean’s eyes popped open and he grabbed for the gun under his pillow and pointed it at the door. “The fuck is that?”
The smile stretched to devious, frightening proportions, morphing Dean's face into a monstrous parody. “Oh, he prays, whether he calls them prayers or not. Because he needs help, not because he
Nelson grimaced and whispered quietly as he leaned over. “Heads up buddy. Loopy Lizzie is incoming.”
A young man with pin straight chestnut hair and an honest to God dimple spoke for the group. “Is what the others here are saying true? Are you two really Sam and Dean Winchester?” He had eyes only for Dean and Sam as he spoke, making the two men squirm.
Archangel Michael, and no I don’t want to elaborate on that one. Sam was…” He looked to his brother who picked up the conversation thread.
Dean gave her a serious look, letting her see the vulnerability behind his typically controlled eyes. “Are you sure? This isn’t something we can play with. I’m putting his life in your hands and his life means more than my own to me you understand? You keep him safe and I’ll consider you hunting with us…You play us…You hurt him...or let something happen to him…Well, let’s just make it clear I’ve got witch-killing bullets in my arsenal. If you do anything out of line, anything to cost me Cas, and you’re dead before you have time to blink.”
Dean closed his eyes and let out a calming breath, feeling Jack’s chubby little hand pat his arm. “It’s okay, Jack. I’m okay. You get some rest.”
“We’re both lucky.” Dean laid his head back down on Cas’ arm and closed his eyes, tiredness catching up with him. Hell, he’d come three times in the last thirty minutes…”This was a very nice reward.”
Dean sighed worriedly and nodded. “But then you can’t heal the slit throat, yeah, I know. A damn catch twenty-two there. Lizzie, do you know how to heal?” He turned on his heel and looked to her on the bed, where she had been watching their exchange. She sat up straight as Dean addressed her.
for sheer spite. You don’t ever stop do you?” Her eyes narrowed in anger toward Cas now, tiring of his voice. She walked over to her worktable and pulled out a notebook. From where they sat restrained they could see scribblings and hastily written words. “I’ve been working on this spell for years. I just needed the Grace.”
Delaney suddenly laughed cruelly with disbelief, dragging her eyes away from the prize in her palm. “Oh, I’m sure you showed such mercy. Hunters don’t know how to do anything but kill, but don’t worry. Once I can combine my powers with this…I’ll be strong enough to be able to take revenge on all those who died only for being different than you.”
Sam walked softly down the hall, not trying to tiptoe but walking softly in his joggers. He stopped at Dean's closed door, slowly turned the knob, and slid his hand in to locate the light switch. He kept his eyes averted as he flipped it on, flooding the room with bright, fluorescent light that Dean rarely used due to its harshness.
Castiel stood and looked outside the window, showing his nervousness now. “I am a bit worried that the other Angels will sense me and come looking out of curiosity...perhaps other intentions will be at play as well.”
if you touch him, it will be the last thing you do…” Dean growled out as he struggled with his ropes again, the zip ties biting into the skin of his wrists to the point of breaking the skin. The panic was bubbling up inside him as he watched her step beside him, syringe in hand.
“How’d you end up with them? I’m sorry…I’m so rude. My name’s Nelson. I retired a few years ago from hunting.” he extended his hand and Cas shook it as he answered, getting a feel for Nelson’s warmth and friendliness in the shaking of his hand.
“So what’s the plan? I was thinking we could call Jody and see if she’d take him,” Dean began quickly with little preamble.
Dean sighed tiredly, a groggy smile across his lips. “You might need to pop out for some Gatorades and a pizza after, but another day like this with you? I could get up for that again, sweetheart.”
The details always got a bit hazy once he opened his eyes but they were always about Cas. That much he remembered vividly. Kissing, touching, thick hands and soft words…and a lot more. He’d woken up grinding against the mattress more than this week. One dream took place on the shore of a massive beach that seemed to stretch on forever. Another in a garden filled with ornate hanging baskets. Tonight was a field full of wildflowers that seemed to have no end, never broken up by roads or houses. Just miles and miles of a rainbow of flowers.
“Casey, Casey Falls. Most people call me Cas though…Anyway, my work and their work just happened to collide. I wasn’t really happy with my job, so I ended up quitting and teaming up with them off and on. Nothing too interesting.” Cas tried to downplay his role…no need to draw attention when no one seemed to know he'd existed at all...and there went that small bubble of resentment again.
“Cas…” Dean said quietly as he picked up his hand. Cas looked him in the eye but nodded to confirm his statement.
Lizzie swallowed hard as she looked at Dean’s face. “I’m sure. I won’t let you down. If you want to sit on the other bed that might be the best place.”
They all settled into the living room, Sam slowly lowering his large frame down onto the couch to try not to wake Jack, but the toddler starting slowly waking, his hand scratching against Sam’s flannel shirt.
“Lizzie was telling us about herself and her sister, while you and Cas were outside having a chat…” Sam said deadpan, his eyebrow raised in lieu of his typical eyeroll.
Sam rolled his eyes and went back to texting as he headed to his room, presumably to pack. Dean headed to the kitchen and tried not to stomp around like a moody teenager.  “Fucking Angel and his stupid face.” He knew he wasn’t actually mad at Cas. Especially not after their earlier texts. He could give in now and Cas wouldn’t scold him or punish him. That wasn’t his thing. Cas wanted to praise and reward him….and he wanted to be praised and rewarded. Like a fucking Golden Retriever, he thought unhappily of himself. He grabbed two frozen breakfast burritos out of the freezer and threw them in the microwave. After they were done cooking, he slid them onto a plate and began half-heartedly eating them as he sipped his coffee, still unsatisfied. Unsatisfied with Cas' answer of soon. Unsatisfied in the orgasm department. One Hell of an unsatisfactory situation. By the time he finished eating and had begun to wash a load of dishes by hand, Sam came into the kitchen with a duffel bag in his hand.
Cas smiled and rolled his eyes. “I told you it was an accident, but…now that I know I can do that I might have to use it intentionally the next time we are apart.”
“That does lead me to some interesting possibilities for another day…Now, a nap before we continue our day? Or should I slip you some of my Grace to…perk you up again.” Cas slid his hand down to fondle his flaccid dick. Dean groaned tiredly and arched into Cas’ touch despite his fatigue, impressed that his dick chubbed up at all. Cas was just fucking magic that way.
Dean felt a wave of queasiness overwhelm him at his own memories of being possessed, answering abruptly. “Fair point.”
Claire narrowed her eyes as she glanced inside through the sliding door to see Sam and Jody not paying them any attention. “You’re hearing Castiel’s voice in your head, aren't you? Because I have too. A few times, at least, since the other day.”
Sam broke the silence first, clearing his throat. “So, Claire. We can set you up a guest room down the hall. Jack is in Cas’ old room.”
“Oh my God, it really is you!” whispered one of the other young hunters in the group. Suddenly they all moved as one, pulling up chairs to their already crowded table. “Can you tell us about the Apocalypse? Did you really beat the devil?” The voices merged together as one, firing off questions faster than Sam and Dean could process them.
Cas turned to him then and pressed their foreheads together, his hand resting on the small of Dean's back. “I’m fine. However, this does pose a serious problem.”
“Grace will only serve it’s true master,” Castiel said as he stared her down again, his voice ringing with truth he hoped she'd believe. Even Dean, knowing he was human, felt the otherworldly energy in those words.
“Come on. You know he’ll throw himself into a fight to protect any of us. We’re not even going to be hunting. I swear.”
“I want…” He hesitated, running fingers through Cas’ hair. “I want you to blow me,” Dean said in a pained whisper like he wasn’t sure how Cas would react. Should he have said please or formed it as a question? Apparently not, because as soon as Cas got confirmation of what Dean wanted, a satisfied smile pulled at the corner of his pink lips right before he moved those selfsame lips to kiss along the taut flesh of his erection.
“Oh, I told her I was coming here. I do try to check in and invite her but she’s just in one of her moods. She’s working on something and doesn’t want to be interrupted. Or so she says. She gets like this sometimes.” Lizzie stabbed at the ice in her glass as she spoke. “It gets lonely for sure.”
“I wish things were that simple, but for now, yes,” Cas answered honestly, and Dean, not for the first time, wished they
Jody considered it and nodded her head. “Fair point, and Sam will be there to keep you two in line.”
Dean groaned dramatically again as Cas left the bed in a sudden burst of energy that he didn’t feel. He did however wake up more as he watched him walk across the room naked to retrieve his clothes. He was tired, not dead after all. He watched Cas grab running shorts and a t-shirt from some of the newer clothes they’d had to go buy recently. Turns out when one is used to not getting dirty or hot or cold they aren’t used to needing so much clothing. The first hot day had seen Cas hang up the trench coat for the summer and trade in his thick dress pants in for jeans, something Dean was not complaining about at all. However, running shorts were not part of either of their repertoire…until now. However, when Cas pulled on underwear and then the running shorts...they showed off his thighs and Dean licked his lips, trying to stay focused on his complaining.
“Doubly so if I told her it was your dick…I was strictly into…” Dean breathed out as Cas slid his hand under his shirt.
“Leave him out of this. He has nothing to do with our deal,” Cas growled out, righteous anger chasing away his fear as he looked up at him.
“I promise a salad won’t kill you, Dean. Come on…” He all but pushed him inside and they found Sam and Lizzie sitting opposite one another at a booth by the front window. Lizzie had Sam’s hand, palm up on the table tracing lines and talking softly to him as they walked up.
"Cas, please," Dean groaned in a pleading tone, pulling at Cas' shirt, yanking at the buttons frantically. He felt starved for him, aching for relief, a need that bled over from his current reality. But Cas leaned away, brushing his jaw with the pad of his thumb before tracing his lips. Dean parted his lips and Cas traced inside, dragging his thumb along the tops of his bottom row of teeth, a desperate look in his eyes that grew wider as Dean closed his lips around his thumb, licking the pad of it with his tongue. Cas gasped and laid his other hand on Dean's hip, pressing him harder into the leaves as he stared at his mouth, warring with temptation.
Cas picked up where Dean couldn’t, though with little enthusiasm. “He suggested we share one room with two beds since Mom and Jack are already in the area.”
with it. They both knew what they were doing. They both made their own choices to save the ones they lov-.”
“You know...I’d love to pick all of your brains if I wasn’t in such a hurry. You know more than most hunters do, or you
Cas shrugged nonchalantly as he grabbed the neck of his sweat-soaked shirt and worked it over his head. “I wouldn’t know about that, considering I was not raised by a mother or father. You text your mom. I’m going to go shower….” He walked out of the kitchen doorway, his shirt bunched in his hand and Dean's eyes rose to follow him.
“I’m yours,” Dean moaned out before biting his lip as the orgasm that had been brewing below the surface washed over him hard. His body tensed and he reached his arms back to wrap around Cas’ neck as he came. “Fuck Cas! I’m
Dean sat there, wondering what the Hell he’d been healed of because nothing had been hurt…but then he realized how wide awake and refreshed he suddenly felt...like he’d had a few cups of coffee and had definitely not just exerted himself, though the lingering relief of a post-orgasm brain remained. “Did you just-“
Lizzie sighed, acknowledging the truth behind his words. “Can you help me get her to our hotel room?”  Castiel nodded succinctly but looked back as Dean exclaimed his displeasure at the idea.
“Aww, Cas, you sweet talker you,” Dean threw him a wink before they peeled out of the parking lot. “How could I turn down such a romantic offer?”
“Do you miss me, Dean?” Cas purred out as he slid his thumb over the head of his cock before sliding his fingers back down.
Dean snorted in uncontrolled laughter at his own private joke at her comment and Cas gave him an incredulous warning glare, which Dean flatly ignored. “So, what if we’ve had a little Angel inside of us,” Dean smirked in confidence and amusement, winking at Cas as he sighed in exasperation. Castiel knew it was an act, this bravado, so he didn't correct him. “The amount of Grace left behind is tiny, so I’m told…” He looked to Cas and Sam, who nodded their agreeance.
Castiel studied her, his eyes narrowing. “Because you won’t tell everyone, will you? Because we know something about you too. Hunters don’t take kindly to most witches with good intentions, let alone those that harbor dark witches.”
"I happened, now be quiet and we can get this over with as quickly and painlessly as possible,” snapped a harsh female voice from behind them, walking into view of the sparse, eerie light the candles threw.
“I let her…you know…” Cas couldn’t even bring himself to say the words, instead putting his fingers to his lips, his eyes looking lost. “It was like I was in a fog and I couldn’t escape it…I'm sorry.”
Dean truly thought about Cas’ question before answering, putting a palm to his heart. “I…I didn’t hate it. I didn’t
Dean gave Cas a confused look over her shoulder and he shrugged before his mouth tugged up in a friendly smile. “Speaking of siblings, you should go talk to Dean’s brother Sam. He’s a big reader. I’m sure he’s probably done some reading on auras. He enjoys research.”
“Hey, not freaking out over here. Just…processing. You know I haven’t really had a lot of relationships and the ones I had, gotta say, were pretty vanilla, and involved ladies who didn’t really see me as you know…into
if I asked,” Dean quipped back, feeling his heart race under in his chest, knowing baiting him was a tricky game.
Cas, however, did not match the excitement he felt, hunching his shoulders in like his wings…the very thing Dean had been wanting to see for real, were already visible. “I…Well, you’ve been asking.”
Lizzie sniffed and nodded her head in understanding. “I know but I have to try to keep her safe...She’s all the family I have left. She used to be good, and until today she’s never tried to hurt anyone. She’s been obsessed with Angels since we were kids. She used to pray for an Angel to come down and protect us...to take us away. Every night.”
cage. Cas ran the palm of his hand down from Dean’s stomach, over the band of his underwear, to rest on the bulge the cage made. Dean looked down at him and was overcome with a wave of disbelief. Those blue eyes that looked up at him were swimming with want as badly as he was, and his knees almost buckled at the reality of it. The intrusive thoughts they'd been battling, that he didn’t deserve good things, were drowned out by Cas’ eyes, silencing them like he could command them by sheer will alone. Cas slid two fingers from both hands under the waistband of his underwear and slid them down gently, almost reverently, letting his thumbs trail along his exposed thighs as he dragged them down. After weeks without his touch, Dean stifled a whine in the back of his throat, settling for a breathy groan instead. Once Cas had them pulled down around his feet, Dean shuffled his feet out of them and stepped back toward the bed as Cas pushed his thighs with both hands. As the backs of his legs hit the bed, he sat down heavily and Cas knee walked into his personal space, starting at his ankles and dragging his hands up to spread his thighs wide. Dean complied as he tasted his pulse in his mouth. Damn it, it would be fucking embarrassing to come before Cas even unclicked the lock…but Cas was kissing along his naked thigh now and he wasn't sure that wasn't about to happen. He had to look up at the ceiling and suck in a breath to calm himself down, but his eyes were drug back as he felt Cas slip the tiny metal key into the lock and then gently remove the cage. Dean immediately went hard, his dick springing to life with almost comical relief. However,
Dean couldn’t find Cas, which wasn’t like him. Since they had become…whatever the hell they were now…neither seemed to want to let the other out of their sight for long. Perhaps years of losing one another had led to a need to be in one another’s radius…but Dean had patiently packed his own duffle and laid Cas’ out beside his own on the bed…but no Cas appeared. He went searching through the winding corridors of the bunker until he heard a familiar sound and knew where to find him.
. Beds are not exclusive for that. The shower, the roof, the backseat of the Impala, outside in the dirt like animals…the possibilities
It didn’t. Cas’ face remained closed down and disapproving but he seemed to settle his face into acceptance as he spoke. “Taking a Nephilim into a den of hunters is absolutely unnecessarily dangerous but I doubt Jack or Mary would listen to reason…so I agree we go. If nothing else than to be back up.”
Delaney narrowed her eyes and came closer to him as he jutted his chin up to stare at her face in defiant confidence. “And how would you know so much about Grace, hunter?”
Castiel grinned then laid a kiss on Dean’s hip bone, making him shudder. “I’ve been called worse for far less…now, let’s get dressed and get going.”
Dean shook his head immediately, wanting to argue her point. “I’m not, but we’ve got history, he and I. He sees things in me I don’t.”
“Love you too, Angel,” Dean whispered into the quiet of his room as he felt Cas nuzzle against his hair. “Can we stay just like this forever? No more monsters or Chuck or curses. Just this.”
you,” Cas whispered in his ear and Dean shivered like he’d slid an ice cube down his naked spine. “Do you understand?” Dean nodded, their eyes locking as the heat rose to his face again. Fuck but he’d be the death of him.
“I miss you too. I don’t have much time, but I wanted to check in, and since my task for you has been so easy, I am sure you will have no issues if I tell you to wear the cage during the day and take it off at night then. Hmm?”
“Just shut up and let me do this for you…if you’re sure you still want this. You don’t have to be human for me…” Dean murmured as he laid a soft kiss on Cas Adam’s apple. “I love you, Angel or human. We can figure out the Empty problem.”
sorry for any grammatical issues or bad word flow. I had this mostly edited then I lost the edit but wanted to get this up. Sped through revision. Will most likely revisit to reread with fresh eyes.
Dean groaned out wordlessly as Cas jacked him off, folding over on himself. He felt Cas come before he heard him moan his name in release, almost prayerful…and it pushed Dean over as well as they locked eyes, mouths agape. They had only a moment to recover, panting, before their phones dinged again. He caught his breath and rolled off, tangling his limbs with Cas’ and their fingers intermingled together in a quiet moment.
“What will I hate?” Sam asked as he entered the library. He tossed the car key to Dean. “And the fridge is stocked for the week. Your turn next time,” Sam added as he leaned against one of the pillars.
The smile that crossed Cas’ face at that moment belonged more on Crowley than Cas but Dean was too sleepy to notice. “Really? How about chastity the whole time I’m gone then...if you’re so sure it wouldn’t be that hard.”
a very nice reward,” Dean murmured as he kissed his collarbone, his hands already skating over his ribs.
Dean's eyes fluttered at the pressure and the sudden closeness of him. “That’s not what you said last night. You said I was your good boy.”
“We ready to hit the road?” Dean said with a look between Sam and Lizzie as his brother walked over. “We can wait you know…another night. Or two.”
Dean groaned and arched his back off the bed as Cas’ words made goosebumps race across his body. He flipped the camera so it was showing his stomach and his own hand wrapped around his straining, long-ignored dick. “Cas, I can’t do this much longer without…” Dean was breathless, touching himself carefully, almost gently, so afraid that one touch that was a little too much and he’d go toppling over the edge with Cas as his witness.
“She would have devoured you whole,” Cas said with a wicked grin. “But I cannot deny she has excellent taste.” He slid his hand to Dean’s thigh, where Mindy had been gripping him moments before.
“Nah. Though my dick is ready to go camping,” Dean said with a grin as he flipped the camera and showed what the cover was doing.
Dean had no idea what Cas was talking about but he took a calming breath and listened, as distracted as he was by Cas’ weight on him. In the distance, he heard the soft rumble of thunder. “Storm?”
