“Come on little bro, would I ever lie to you?”  Gabriel had his best shit-eating grin plastered across his face.
Cas sat back, pressing their shoulders together. Dean pressed back, a comfortable weight against him.  “So, Dean.”
But Cas snatched the panties up first, holding them to his face and inhaling deeply, sensations rumbling through his body.  He needed to find Dean
“That seems really fast,” Cas smiled gently, running his fingers over Dean’s chest lightly.
Dean:  Hey Cas, I just wanted to say I’m sorry if I stuck my foot in my mouth last night.
, and him alone.  He remembered how Dean had looked at him over his shoulder, ass in the air, like he was waiting to be mated.
A young woman in pink lipstick and a high blonde ponytail approached him.
The door shut and Dean dropped his towel.  He was already getting hard again, so he rummaged around for his bottle of lube and condoms.  He tried not to think about what was going to happen, lest he come before they even started.  Would Cas be okay with letting him bottom?  He got the impression that he’d be fine with it.  Dean grabbed a condom and shoved it and the lube under his pillow.  He spread out over the bed, debating hiding under the covers or faking bravado by posing GQ style, one knee up, propped on his elbow, like an awkward Glamour Shots model.  He remembered his vow to try and be more honest with how he felt, so he scrambled under the covers and pulled them up over his head, letting his toes stick out from the bottom.
He’d seen lots of porn by now where plugs had been used.  He’d thought about buying one for a long time, but was too embarrassed about what the people in the porn store would think of him.
“Do you like dragons?”  Dean asked.
He stood carefully and walked to the device, swiping a finger over the mouse pad and waking it up.
Cas rolled away from Dean, shaken.  He had been so close to crossing the line.  He’d almost done something Dean did
“So, uh,” Dean shuffled to the door, unable to look at Cas.  “Ready to go interview that witness?”
“Is that for Dean?  His birthday isn’t until much later this year.”  Sam was squinting at the writing.  It said, ‘Congratulations’ on it, which didn’t really fit the occasion, but it was the best thing Cas could find.  The store didn’t exactly carry balloons that said, ‘here’s a sex toy from your best friend, enjoy.’
“Fuck, Dean,” Cas whispered, setting his forehead on the back of Dean’s neck.  “Fuck.”
He slicked up a finger and pushed it into the silicone, pleased at how it yielded.  He propped himself up by the headboard, thinking about the time Dean had mounted him, the plug in place, and he slathered lube on himself.  He closed his eyes and pictured it, lowering the fleshlight onto his weeping cock.  It squelched, and he moaned loudly, spreading his knees and slouching down a little.  He slowly worked it on and off of himself, the lube making obscene noises, making the experience more real.
I'm an asshole lol
“You in there Dean?”  Cas asked, the smile evident in his voice.
Dean rolled over, the sun harsh in his eyes.  He reached out a hand and caught the edge of the curtain and yanked it, closing the gap.  He groaned.  Movement was not a good thing.
Charlie began laughing and sat next to him.  “Ye olde liquor has you by the balls.  How bout we stick to water, now, kay?”
“Dean, do you trust me?”  Cas’s mouthed along Dean’s cock again.
Cas stopped what he was doing and regarded Dean so closely that he looked away, embarrassed.  Cas turned his head back with a hopefully clean finger.
She was considerably light for the darkness that weighed on her soul.  Cas slapped a hand on her forehead, and light exploded outward from her body as her soul was released.  Cas watched the tarnished soul fragments sink through the floor, most likely headed to its final resting place in Hell, to be tortured by the very demon she had made a deal with to gain her powers.
They had been getting two rooms for some time now.
The rest of the night was normal, yet there seemed to be this new level of comfort with him and Cas.  Dean wondered what it meant.
“Dean,” Cas whispered.  “It’s okay if you don’t want to do anything, we can just cuddle or put clothes back on, or whatever you want.”
“It’s my room, Dean, I know what’s missing off the shelves.”
Dean:  Hey Cas, I just wanted to say I’m sorry if I stuck my foot in my mouth last night.
Cas made a grand bow from his seat, and Charlie returned it.
They looked really nice against his skin.  He turned to the right and left, liking how they didn’t feminize him so much as contrast and accentuate his masculinity.  He turned and looked over his shoulder and bent completely over, peering between his parted legs into the full-length mirror, and seeing how his puffy hole was exposed through the slit in the fabric.
Were the panties really crotchless?  How would that work on a dude?  Would it just hang out the front, or would it give you access to the back?  How would the red look against his skin?  Would the satin feel cool or warm?  He nearly jerked when he realized he was thinking about how’d they look on
They were walking through the tenocology department when Dean got an idea.  He went over to the discount bin and started rummaging around.  He held up his find triumphantly.  Thank god a rural Walmart would be the most likely place to find obsolete technology.
“I am so sorry, Dean, I am.  I was sure you wouldn’t want me, not like this, where I can’t control myself.”
The man finally yanked at the shorts- they were breakaway- and Cas was stunned with such a close-up view of the man’s long and half-hard cock wrapped in a pink silk thong. The man shook his hips, making his cock bounce up and down in its sling, the edge of the crown visible through the fabric.  Cas stared openly, memorizing the hypnotic way that cock moved as the man’s hips slowed and pivoted, and he backed away and spun around, bending over again, feet spread apart.
Cas repositioned them so he could fit comfortably between Dean’s legs, his cock already hard and throbbing and rubbing against Dean’s soft one.
The night moved swiftly, the dance floor opening up for champagne and the countdown to midnight.  Dean and Cas were in the middle of the dance floor, already kissing when the ball dropped, lost in their own little world.
Cindy had her hand over her mouth and her eyes shone with tears.  “My god, that’s beautiful!  I’m totally meddling in your business, but you seem to be in love with Dean.  Like, crazy in love with him.  He looks like he feels the same way, t-b-h.”  She gestured to the pic.  Cas had found some joke Dean had said particularly funny, and he was laughing.  Right after the photo was taken, Dean had turned in his seat to watch Cas with his arm on the backrest.  His posture might give one the assumption that Dean felt that way, but he’d been clear a couple of years ago that he thought of Cas as his brother.
Dean’s eyes popped open as he leaned back to stare at Cas in shock.  “But I erased-”
“Hey Raphael.  Can I come by early?”  Cas slowed the car when he saw a cop car ahead.
“Okay, I’m sorry I’ll leave you alone- I just wanted to see if you would like to go get food- everyone is headed to the Lebanon diner.”
Cas blushed.  “Yeah, Hannah’s parents are very religious.  So, we uh, never.  Did it. Sex.”  He added, feeling absolutely ridiculous.
.  He hit send and it chimed sent just as the computer died.
Cas shook.  He unfurled them slowly, majestically, delighting as Dean watched over his shoulder as they filled the room.  It felt good to have them out, like Dean was acknowledging that other part of him, his non-humanness.  And he still wanted him.
The tightness was unbelieveable at first, but Dean was well practiced, and he losened up fast, sinking down until he was resting on Cas’s lap, fully impaled.
Dean shook his head fondly and grabbed their bags to set them on the small table.  A bright swatch of red fabric caught Dean’s eye.  He moved Cas’s backpack open a little further, and gasped.
“Touch me, fuck, just touch me, please!”  Dean wasn’t one to beg, but he longed for the closeness they shared while they stood in front of the sex shop, Cas leaning into him, making him feel so very needed.
“Take them off,” Dean moaned, rocking his hips on the plug.
Dean plunged his fingers into the feathers, kissing Cas again, pulling him back on top, lining his cock back up, ready to penetrate Dean one final time.  Cas felt his grace pulse, hard, and he steadied himself and looked down at the man he was about to make his.
He had a better idea.
Cas shivered in the thin space between them, reaching across and pulling Dean so their bodies lined up, flesh and skin contacting deliciously.  Dean moaned as Cas’s mouth met his, kissing him for the first time that morning, breath fresh with toothpaste, and sensual, until it grew more desperate, biting and sucking, hands roaming, rubbing and kissing.  Dean slid his cock up to line up with Cas’s, and they moaned at the contact, rutting against one another.
He had stood there, naked, hair dripping, when he remembered he was supposed to meet Sam and Dean to interview a witness to the possible vengeful spirit killing.   He’d tried to yank his cock out, but it wouldn’t budge.  He was unsure if using his grace would demolish the room divider.  The lube was too far away, and when he pulled, it only made it worse.  So he pushed all the way in thinking it would be better, but now he had a raging hard on and was stuck.
So he sat in his honor chair, waiting for the “big surprise” that Gabriel had bragged about with some of his co-workers, his friends Charlie and Meg, and Castiel himself, swearing that the surprise was absolutely
“Is it true?” Dean asked after a pause.
interested, and he rolled to his side, away from Cas, squeezing it all the while trying to talk himself out of an erection- which never worked.
He ran the length of his dick along Cas’s crevice, teasing the tight furl with the bead of precome welling at the tip.  Cas gasped and pushed backwards for more friction.
Dean smirked. “You hit the mark.  You look…”  Dean’s eyes roved over Cas’s form.  He tried not to purr and arch like a cat.  It was a near miss.
Dean wiggled a little, being kind of ticklish, and Cas took the opportunity to push his thigh further between Dean’s legs, making him moan in relief with the pressure on his morning erection.  He ran a hand down to Cas hip and tugged him closer, so he could let Cas grind against him as well. They rolled their hips slowly, the rhythm sensual and speeding up their breathing.  Dean was concerned about his morning breath, and he may have needed to pee, but it felt so good he couldn’t stop.  Cas moaned as Dean found his nipple through his shirt, biting it and making Cas gasp and grind harder.
Dean took several steps before turning back around.  “Well?  Are you coming or not?”
He pushed that aside and rolled over to fall asleep and dream about dark blues eyes as deep and wide as the ocean.
Cas wanted to press down on his erection, but he froze as the man bent further, his cheeks spreading and showing off the thin strip of fabric barely covering his balls and puckered hole.  Cas’s mouth went dry as he broke into a cold sweat, shivers dancing up his spine.  He could just make out the edges of that pink hole as the man twerked his ass, making it bounce, slowing it down to roll his hips, then shaking it again.
“There was another kill, over at the high school,” Dean said to Cas. “You comin’?”
Everyone looked at him, eyebrows hitting their hairlines.
Cas looked at his phone for one second more before pocketing it.  “Perhaps I will just buy him a gift.  As this seems to be a side of our friendship we have become comfortable with, I will settle for that.”
Cas scowled.  “It’s a waste.  She just throws money at me when she wants something- in this case, to change my major to business.  Not going to do it.  She can have the car back.  I might just sell it and give the money to charity.”
“...Thank you for your cooperation.”  Cas smiled and shook her hand.
“I know it appears that way, but Dean...he prefers the company of women.”
“Oh bless his lil’ ole pea pickin’ heart!” Diamond said in her best Southern Belle accent, “sorry baby, I know you have it bad for Ms. Larue, but I can’t do my angel like that- he fell for you first.”
“Yeah, I trust you Cas.  More than anyone.”  Dean could barely think, he was so turned on, but he knew he spoke the truth.
“My god, don’t you just take the cake, baby,” she crooned, fluttering her long false eyelashes.  “Get up here, I have a surprise for you.”
“That would be acceptable.”
He didn’t bother to listen for a response, and picked up his pace.  All he could think was
Dean cocked his head to the side.  “But you’re controlling yourself just fine now.”
Sam snorted.  “Mating, you mean, like when animals mate?”
Dean nodded, his lips brushing Cas’s neck before making contact and sucking the spot by his ear.  He shuddered, and thrust against Dean’s thigh.
Rowena shrugged gracefully at Cas.  “Just as I thought.  Come on, Feathers.”
Dean finally got out of the Impala and walked to the door, looking around guiltily more out of habit than anything, and slipped in the door.  Cas was waiting on a man, placing a large purple vibrator into a black plastic bag, tossing in what looked like a few packets of lube.
“Yeah, thanks man, I’m fine.  Just wrenched something.”  His blush flared brighter when he said ‘wrench’.
“I know, Dean, just a few more hours.”  Cas wasn’t sure Dean was even aware of his surroundings at that point, but he asked anyway.  “What would you like me to do now?”
He staggered to the shower, every step an agony of pleasure.  He leaned to turn the faucet and cried out as the plug pressed on his prostate again.  He gave up and bent over the sink, grasping his cock and stroking it, wishing to god that when he looked up in the mirror, that Cas would be standing behind him, pounding into him, making him come.  Cas was nowhere to be seen, so Dean closed his eyes and pictured the angel, fingers gripping into his hips, growling voice in his ear, and Dean came with Cas’s name on his lips, for what seemed like the hundredth time that week.
Dean rolled over to the side, letting Cas climb on top of him.  They were sticky and gross, but Cas looked amazing, well-fucked hair spiking everywhere.
“I do too,” Dean muttered into his ear over the loud strains of Lady Marmalade, I don’t do feelings real well either, so I open my big stupid mouth.  I’m sorry.”
It was after 2am when Crowley picked them up, Benny and Charlie singing drunken country songs in the back, Dean and Cas in the middle seats, and some drunk good-looking red headed woman smoking a joint with Crowley in the front seat. Dean swore he heard Crowley call her ‘mother’ at some point, but he was still pretty buzzed.  They’d danced off most of the alcohol, and rolled into the frat house around three, around the same time a couple of the other dudes were getting back- those who weren’t still on vacation.
He kind of dozed off in that position, waking when his back protested, spasming painfully.  He shouted in agony and fell to the side.
“Okay, now tell me what to do.”
Cas shifted Dean over and grabbed the box.  “Just a pair of restraints, in case…” he trailed off.  He wasn’t sure how to explain how he might need Dean to restrain him in case he was compelled to mate Dean.  So far, he’d been able to control himself.  He’d taken the time to draw sigils on the cuffs, and would use them if need be.
The next video was of two men engaging in the act of anal sex.  The camera was angled from the perspective of the man penetrating the man on the bottom, so it felt like Cas was the one performing the act.  He moaned and stroked his cock, imagining sinking into that tight hole.  He came again quickly, and then again almost immediately.
Dean’s eyes fluttered closed and he rested his forearms on the back of the chair, moaning into Cas’s ear, licking it once with the tip of his tongue.  Cas shivered again, and moved his hands to spread Dean’s ass cheeks open, running his fingers along the line of fabric, and then under it, feeling the furl of skin throb under his touch.
Cas pulled Dean’s fingers out and looked around for the lube.
Dean tried and failed to lift his hips from the floor.  He pulled his knees up slowly, one by one, until he could plant his feet on the floor.  He felt a rush of lube dribble out of his ass onto the floor and rolled his eyes. He waited until he felt like his back was relaxed enough and used his fingertips to work the panties down his legs and off.  He hooked them with one finger and brought them up to his face.
Cas pulled out almost all the way, then slid smoothly back in.  He set up a slow pace, leaning in to kiss Dean deeply.  The hunter opened his mouth, gasping, rocking, meeting his thrusts, moaning and whispering.
Dean moaned and rolled over, pushing his ass up in the air and pushing his knees as far apart as possible.  Cas was sweating now too, so he pulled off his coat and tie, and removed his shoes and suit jacket.  He rolled up his sleeves and positioned himself on his knees behind Dean, hands trembling as he reached out to steady Dean’s hip.  Dean gasped at the contact and pushed back into Cas’s hand, moaning and flexing his hole as Cas watched.
. He needed to mate him NOW.  He bit his lip in frustration.  He couldn’t do that without Dean knowing, and he was so far into his rut that it would be hard to explain with Dean inches away and smelling like heaven.
“Oh.”  Dean dropped their bags.  There was only one bed.  He swore he asked for a double.  Maybe he’d forgotten, he was pretty worn out as well.  It was fine, he could sleep on the chair.  He’d slept in worse places.
“I love you, Dean,” Cas murmured.
He hadn’t heard much from Cas that week between Christmas and New Year’s, but that was always a nothing week- time to visit family, do some sales shopping, play with new toys.
Cas nodded.  “I tried to smoke weed and get laid, but I wasn’t into it and Balth wasn’t either.  We just hung out and fell asleep after a failed blowjob.”
Cas grinned and dropped his towel, giving Dean a glimpse of his cock before jumping under the covers and lying alongside him in the dark.  Cas was a little bigger than Dean, leaning toward the left, tan and half hard already.  Dean’s blood had rushed to his groin at the sight, and his mouth watered.  He wondered what it would feel like to have Cas in his mouth.
He was glad he’d only got there moments before, and he cursed himself for not locking the door.  He was planning a shower after his romp, but whatever Cas had done in the bathroom had intrigued him enough to pull his finger out of his ass and hop up.  He quickly locked the door and went into the en suite.
he thought idly, rubbing his face into the cotton pillowcase.  His clothing seemed to be rough and harsh against his skin, so he paused and yanked his jeans off, then his t shirt, burrowing down into Cas’s bedding, piling the blankets on top of himself until he felt like he was surrounded by Cas’s sweet scent.  He moaned again.
“I don’t…” Dean felt a blush rising up his neck.
Cas narrowed his eyes and held his chin up.  “It’s...Steve now,” indicating the name badge pinned to his blue vest.  “And...uh, you know you surprised me.”
Cas spun on his heel and walked out the door.  Dean always had to have the last word, and he did in this case.  Somehow it felt hollow.
The waitress was the usual lady, and she did her normal flirting with Dean, but he could barely look her in the eyes as he ordered just coffee.
Cas laughed.  “Yeah, I guess so.  I didn’t expect to ever love anyone.”
Dean opened his mouth, letting Cas’s tongue in, sighing through his nose in what sounded like great relief, and plunging his fingers into Cas’s hair, then wings, near where they met his shoulder blades.  Cas shuddered, as a crash of desire slammed into him, his gut tightening, and he came hard and suddenly, rutting helplessly against Dean, plundering his mouth and clutching his body.  Dean’s fingers tightened around the taught muscles of his wings, and he moaned into Cas’s mouth and rutted back, his cock swelling against Cas’s thigh, the robe having moved, and Cas instinctively reached between them and grasped Dean in his fist, stroking him swiftly, making Dean cry out at the contact and spill over Cas’s fist and onto his tan coat, smearing a wet spot as Dean shuddered through his orgasm, sucking on Cas’s tongue and kissing him sloppily as the last waves of his orgasm moved through him.
********
“What do you mean it’s stuck?”
“Not what I hear,”  Dean grumbled.  He realized his mistake after he said it.
Thanks my frens, I have needed to reconnect with my smutty lil fanfic life, I feel like I'd been missing a limb.  Kisses and hugs!!!
“No!  No, actually we do anything after that-  Wait, why do you care?”
Cas shook his head minutely.
Edit: it had kindly been brought to my attention that a snowglobe is not a good thing for Dean to stick up his butt. Agreed! Don't try this at home, and don't ponder it too hard. He gets better, safer things for da bootyhole soon.
“Zeke?” Cas tipped his head slightly in a way so familiar it made Dean’s heart leap.
“Look, Dean-”
“I love you,” Dean said, looking a little stunned at the admission.
Cas obviously knew what Dean was up to.
Cas snuggled closer to Dean, tucking the hunter’s head under his chin.  “Luck has nothing to do with it, Dean Winchester.  I have what you called ‘mad skills’.  I’m understanding this is a good thing to have.”
Cas pulled out his phone and opened his photos, handing it over to Cindy.  “Just scroll through, they are mostly of Dean.”
Dean started laughing so hard he had to sit down.  Cas rolled his eyes and waited for him to stop.  But everytime he did, he’d glance back over at Cas and start howling again.
Dean waited, remembering to not take things at face value, let Cas talk before leaping to the wrong conclusion.
“Touch me, Cas, baby, please,” Dean whimpered.
Dean stood up.  There was no way he’d get a nap now.  Might as well get a shower and make plans for New Year’s.  He hoped that 2018 wouldn’t suck as much as the last day of 2017.
“Oh, that’s so beautiful, my sweet mate, my Dean, already ready for me,” Cas panted, stroking and pushing on the base of the plug.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas was breathing heavily, and he draped himself over Dean, kissing the back of his neck, mumbling praise to Dean as he pushed in steadily, seeming to go on forever, until Dean felt Cas’s pelvis connect with the back of his thighs.  Cas paused for a moment to let Dean get used to the size, it really was huge, and then began to rock into him, only sliding out a little.
Forgetting the handcuffs, he strode down the hall, slamming Dean’s door open.  Empty.  Hmm.  The guest room.  Where Dean liked to pleasure himself.  The thought was making him harder, pre-come wetting the inside of his pants.
He sighed.  It would always come back to that.  There was no going back to the way things were, he had gone too far when he had allowed himself to do as Dean wished when he was under the witch’s potion.  And now all he could do was fight his urges and keep Dean safe.
This was fine, right?  Cas was like a brother, and Dean had shared motel beds in the past with Sam, until he got too big and would flop around, kicking Dean onto the floor.  No big deal, right?
Cas pushed Dean onto the bed onto all fours, spreading his knees apart.  Dean peered over his shoulder and watched as Cas rummaged through his backpack and pulled out a bottle of lube.  He took out a small package and set both to the side.  Dean lost sight of him when he crawled onto the bed behind him.
The cleanup was a mess, and Cas had decided that he should probably try not to masturbate in Dean’s room anymore.  It was never just ‘one and done’.
“I don’t think he’s really interested in me.  He’s having fun or whatever, and maybe I should be doing that too.”
“Dean, Dean, Dean,” Cas moaned, starting to rock on his knees, still bound tightly and unable to do much else.  Dean pulled out, trying to keep his emotions in check and not come right then, and pushed back in.
“Me too,” he said gently, kissing Dean’s face reverently.  He sighed, pressing their foreheads together.  “To be honest, I’ve been wanting to bang you since the first time I saw you, but this...I didn’t expect to feel this way about you, I thought it was just a crush.  I mean, we only just started hanging around each other!  You just figured out you’re gay!  It shouldn’t work.  But I want it to, very badly.”  He looked up at Dean with hopeful eyes.
Dean:  Naomi?
“Dean,” Cas growled, feeling his grace spark, and knowing his eyes flashed menacingly, “just leave it.”
Cas tilted his head.  “The chair.  The chair the man got shot in, the- were you even listening?”
He shrugged and laid them on the counter anyway.
and other lame things.
Cas:  That seems nice.
“But Dean,” Cas was using that voice that made Dean want to pull his own teeth out.  “Then he said ‘not so much’, which means the joke wouldn’t have worked.”
“Damn Cas,”  Dean said, chuckling.  “I guess angels have no refractory period, huh?”
“You go wild then, love.”  Dean felt a full-body shudder at the mention of a pet name.  He liked it.  Alot.
Cas’s face turned bright red and he stormed out of the room.  Dean rubbed a hand down his face.  Stupid stupid stupid!  Why couldn’t he just keep his damn mouth shut?
The bathroom door swung open suddenly and Cas jerked in surprise, folding his wings behind him defensively.
It wasn’t like with Benny.  That was just about getting off, just finishing fast so they could go back to finding Cas and escaping Purgatory.
“Hello, Dean,” he said lowering his voice, hoping it sounded sexy and not drunk.
It was after a long and exhausting hunt in another state, one motel room for the three of them-  getting a moment to jerk off in peace was impossible.  They were all grumpy when they got back, and Dean had locked himself in his room right away, pulling open his laptop and finding the cucumber video again.  He’d poured extra lube on his fingers and got a finger in his ass after a little relaxing and trying not to resist automatically.  He had come so hard he could hear the blood pounding in his ears for several minutes and had stood on wobbly legs to his sink to clean up.  He had been washing his hands when he spied his hairbrush laying there, thick black handle gleaming in the low light.  He had picked it up, feeling the width of it and went back to his bed, still naked, and lubed up the brush, teasing his hole and stroking himself.  He couldn’t really see what he was doing, so he turned on the camera on his laptop so he could watch himself.  Seeing his hands and his shiny hole being teased by the brush handle was enough to get him turned on enough to relax his muscles and slide it in. The stretch hurt a little, but after watching his hand pump it in and out a few times, it felt like his hole was gobbling it up, sucking it in.  It looked so naughty on the screen, just like one of the videos he’d watched so many times, so he put on a show for himself, pinching his nipples, moaning and fucking himself deeper with the handle.  He had brushed a spot inside himself, setting off fireworks in front of his eyes, the spike of pleasure completely new to him.  He’d come like a rocket in an matter of minutes.
He slowly closed and locked his door, and sat on the edge of his bed.
“Only sometimes,” came the mumbled reply from under the covers.
“Yeah, but-”  Dean floundered for words.  “I almost didn’t show up!  That asshole-”
Dean finally opened the door, come streaks still sort of visible on his slacks, but the erection had been clearly taken care of.
Cas pulled out and flipped him to his back, putting Dean’s legs onto his shoulders and pushing back in.  Dean watched Cas’s face, eyes drooping and dark, his lips set in a firm line, like a man on a mission.  He was rolling his hips, brushing Dean’s prostate, and Dean was lost in sensation.  He clenched around Cas to feel it more, make it tighter.  Cas groaned an laughed darkly when he did, and Dean grinned up at him.
“Whatever you’re doing is just fine,” Cas gasped back.
“Uh, thanks?”  His heart was pounding.  Was he really going to do this?
“I won’t be much use,” Cas said, wrinkling his nose at the sticky streaks of come on the wall of the stall.  “I don’t have my powers.”
*****
Cas:  I’m Cas’s oldest friend.  We were in school together, and our very annoying parents have been friends for decades.
Cas nodded against Dean’s shoulder.  “Yeah.  I want to try it.”
Dean grinned wickedly and pushed the crown past his lips, pausing to lick the length of it so he could slide on easier.  Cas was trying to hold still, the gasps and groans letting Dean know he was doing well.  It wasn’t that hard, just suck it like he liked it.  He paused and used his hand so he could tongue at Cas’s slit, liking how the precome pulsed against his tongue, Cas howling out, hands scrabbling at Dean’s shoulders.
, a rare first edition, most likely found by Uncle Bobby- he loved to collect old books.  This one was in excellent condition for its age, and he couldn’t wait to re-read it.
, and I just had sex with a
“Dean,” Cas echoed, his hands coming up to run his fingertips down his chiseled abs.  They shuddered under his touch.  Cas glanced down and was hit with another, stronger wave of arousal when he saw Dean was fully erect, the tip of his cock poking out the waistband of the thong and wetting it.  Cas experimentally rotated his hips up, causing Dean to grab the armrests and throw his head back and moan deliciously.  The feel of that hard and soft flesh of Dean’s balls and ass running along his cock was heaven, and Cas finally grabbed Dean’s hips and shifted them so their cocks lined up better.
Dean stood in front of the mirror flexing and turning.  The pink went really nicely against his skin.  He leaned over the bed, tilting his hips so his cheeks spread, and moved the thong aside.  His hole throbbed when his fingers came near, and he shivered and got up to get his plugs.  He selected the largest one, no time to waste.  He positioned himself so he could watch the plug, lubed up, work its way into him.  He didn’t bother with his fingers first, or even a smaller plug, he wanted to
“Fuck, he’s hot.  For an older guy, anyway.  You sure have a lot of candid pics of him- you’re quite the photographer.”
“I’ll make you come three times before I do, Dean,” he whispered, wiping the sweat away from Dean’s eyes, kissing his face sweetly as Dean rode the wave until he came back to himself.
Dean froze.  What the fuck?  Who was this guy?
Cas huffed.  “Naomi was in rare form.  She read me the riot act, degraded my choice of major, and then lectured me about what a CEO should be like.  I got out of there as quick as I could before I could develop a serious drinking problem.  Drove back.”
“Oh, she’s the owner of the Roadhouse’s daughter.  We grew up together, she’s cool as shit.”  Dean swore he saw a little relief cross Cas’s face.
it, like he felt it when Cas slid tightly into him.
“Oh, yeah, okay, um...let me get-” Dean caught himself before he said ‘get dressed’ and sat up.  “Get ready.  Give me a sec, I’ll be right out.”
Dean watched in amazement as Cas paused to prop the phone on the dash, the screen illuminating Cas’s face, sweat glinting in the low light.  Dean’s hand crept under his robe, putting pressure on his erection.
He groaned softly when he moved his hand, finally.  Sweat broke out all over his body and he sat up to pull his shirt off.  Cas was watching.  Dean pretended not to notice.  Some weird part of him
Dean scrolled back through the messages and reread everything.  Cas liked him?  Fuck, he felt stupid.  He’d told a guy that liked him about getting a handjob from some random dude.  That was messed up.
“You’re doing great…” Dean gasped as Cas slid one finger inside him easily.
Dean:  Are you a douchebag?
Dean was moving, jumping off the stage and pulling Cas up to his feet before he could apologize and brush it off, descending on Cas’s mouth, their lips locking into a hard kiss.  Cas softened and closed his eyes, letting Dean dip him and lick into his mouth while the room’s cheers grew to a deafening roar.  It was tender and strong at the same time, Dean pulling Cas back up into a perfect embrace.  They parted to look at one another- Diamond shooing them sit their asses down or get a room- and spoke at the same time.
The girl, Claire, returned with a roll of her eyes and a blowjob shot in hand.
It actually sounded pretty terrible.  He’d never really been in love before.  He wasn’t sure he was now.  They were talking about love at first sight, but Dean had no idea if what he felt was anywhere close to that.  Maybe.  It was hard to tell since things kept getting in the way.
Cas froze from his wriggling.  “What?”
Okay, maybe it wasn’t as good of an idea as he thought.  Maybe it was stupid that he had bought a card and a balloon.  He got the wild idea that he could tie the plug to the balloon and leave it on the soap dish in the bathroom that Dean had taken to using in the East Wing.  Like a surprise.  It would be hard to smuggle in, but if he timed it just right, he could slip in there without anyone noticing.
Dean was so hard he couldn’t help but rub on Cas’s hip shamelessly.
Dean looked at him anxiously.  “So?”
“That’s alright, deary,” Rowena, “you keep at it until your arm falls off, or wrap yourself up and let me do what I can to reverse it.”
Cas returned with a backpack and locked the store up.  They wordlessly returned to Baby and got in.
Dean nodded, feeling shameful.  Where was Cas?  He needed him, he’d make it all better, scratch this strange itch that was building inside him.
“What do you think,” Cas griped.  “That has just made my erection bigger, and it’s starting to become painful.  If I could just reach-”  He tried to stick his hand through a nearby matching hole.
“I guess you’re right.  I don’t have to get married,” Cas said, feeling a weight lift.  “And I’m gay, so there’s that.”
Dean had tented his pants with a massive erection while masturbating Cas.
Cas shivered in the thin space between them, reaching across and pulling Dean so their bodies lined up, flesh and skin contacting deliciously.  Dean moaned as Cas’s mouth met his, kissing him for the first time that morning, breath fresh with toothpaste, and sensual, until it grew more desperate, biting and sucking, hands roaming, rubbing and kissing.  Dean slid his cock up to line up with Cas’s, and they moaned at the contact, rutting against one another.
Cas tilted his head. “What?” he asked innocently.
Had he been the one to make Cas smile like that?   It was just a helping hand, hell, most guys did that, he’d even done it with Benny a few times before they finally found Cas in Purgatory.  It was just something to do to kill time.  Nothing more to it.  When they had found Cas, they stopped, and Dean couldn’t muster up the courage to ask Cas to do it with him.
Dean:  Same to you
“Like the panties?” Dean blurted out without meaning to.  His dick throbbed.
“Hey, Raphael.  Can I come by early?”  Cas slowed the car when he saw a cop car ahead.
“Of Aaron?”  Dean looked confused.
“Uh…”  Dean was silent for a moment.  “I think so- nope, nevermind, I thought I’d...uh, dealt with it, but the little bastard won’t go down.”
They shopped for presents for Mom, and Dean found himself looking around the Walmart wondering if there would be anything he could give Cas.  He shook his head.  Ridiculous.
https://archiveofourown.org/works/13545798/chapters/31078782
When he’d finished, his dick finally giving up and laying back down, he stepped out into the darkened room.  Cas’s towels and bags were now both on the chair, leaving Dean nowhere to lie down.  He glanced at the bed, noting that Cas was laying on the right side, leaving the whole left side of the bed free.  He seemed to be asleep, his breathing even, curled into a ball.
Cas chuckled.  “I think that was our best video ever.”
“Jesus Cas!” Sam jerked back in surprise.  “Get a towel or something.”
“Oh fuck!” Cas cried out, as Dean triumphantly found his prostate.  He hummed in approval as he pounded into it, his own orgasm began to overtake him.  He reached around and gripped Cas’s swollen and neglected member and began to roughly stroke it, trying to hold back until Cas came.
Even all the prep and toys and other random things being put in his ass, big things even, never really prepared him for how it felt when Cas thrust into him.  His cock was heavy and big, bigger than Dean’s, and tapered at the root and fat in the middle.  Cas slammed into him, making Dean fall onto his face.  There was a pause as Cas moved the laptop under their spread thighs so the followers could see Cas fuck him fast and hard, the precome dripping from Dean as he was pushed to the edge.
*****
Cas was sure he was dreaming.  He laughed and kissed Dean again.  “When I wake up hungover, can you tell me that again?”
Cas felt anger starting to rise.  “Hello, Dean,” Cas sneered sarcastically.  “Nice to see you too.”
“Jesus, Sam he’s not stupid,” Dean grumbled.
Dean decided to bite the bullet and email Sam before his laptop battery died.
Cas’s mouth was hanging open, and he was propped up again, watching Dean openly.  His chest was heaving with sharpened breaths, and he was obviously turned on.  Dean glanced down to see that Cas had pulled the covers off himself and was holding his large thick cock tightly as it throbbed.
Dean shook his head, running his tongue up the middle of Cas’s sack, sucking one ball into his mouth and letting it go.  “No, tell me what to do.”  Cas froze.
Cas took the lube and slathered it liberally on the tip of the anal plug, and touched it to the spot of skin right next to Dean’s hole.  It twitched and his hole began to respond by dilating a little, the muscle memory of Dean penetrating himself so much the past few weeks that his body was anticipating it.  Cas felt dizzy.
“Oh my god,” Dean called out wildly.  Cas pressed in a finger with his tongue, working it in and out, using spit as lube, working it in deeper.  Dean could feel he was close to his prostate.  His cock was drooling a non-stop string of precome on his belly.  Cas pressed two fingers in, Dean groaning at the burn of the stretch, but rocking into Cas’s hand anyway.  Cas twisted his fingers, and licked Dean’s shaft at the same time, pressing his prostate firmly as he swallowed Dean in one go, the ridges of the roof of Cas’s mouth being the triggering factor of Dean’s explosive orgasm.  His hearing went out for a second, and he knew he was being loud, but he didn’t care, the waves of pleasure from Cas’s fingers and mouth was unbelievable.  He’d never come so hard or long before.  It was incredible.  He relaxed and let Cas lower his legs, crawl up him again, and kiss his mouth.  Dean tasted himself in the kiss, and sucked on Cas’s tongue.
Dean:  Oh.  Thanks I guess.
He got a twinge of dejavu thinking about Cas watching over him while he slept.  It was really weird thinking about Cas sleeping.
Cas stood watching Dean sleep, like he had so many times before.  He’d never belong to Cas, and this was as close as it would ever come.  And he had to be okay with that.
“What the actual- you know what?  I don’t even want to know.”  Sam’s footsteps drew closer.  “Hold on, there’s coveralls over here…”
“I thought you could use assistance, Dean,” he stated calmly.  “You helped me out of a situation, and I do not mind returning the favor.”
“It’s good to see you again,” Cindy said cheerfully, greeting Cas as he walked into the adult bookstore for the second time.
He laid there, thoughts swirling in his mind, thoughts of Cas- thoughts of the two of them together, thoughts of goddamn nuts being dragged across his face.
Dean sat up all the way.  Was he flirting with this guy?  He was pretty sure he was just being normal.  And Cas thought he had pretty eyes?
He realized he’d need lube when he discovered he couldn’t slip back out.  The fat middle of his cock was wedged in the hole tightly, which felt kind of good, but also kind of bad, since he couldn’t reach the other side of the divider to touch himself.  It was a poor choice of location, impulsive, because there were several holes closer to the edge of the divider where he’d be able to reach around and jerk off quickly instead of fuck the hole like he planned.
Cas could feel the whiskey creeping into his peripheral.  It was a warm feeling, light, buzzy.  He headed out into the mob, swaying and stepping in time to the beat.  He found a good spot and just let go.
“Ahh!  Keep that up and you won’t  be able to stuff your cock in me before I come!”
.  Dean had looked down and realized he had just jerked it to a video with a serious lack of pussy.
Dean nodded and let go of his covers and let Cas pull them away, revealing Dean’s naked and sweat-soaked form, his cock standing at attention, as if he had not already ejaculated several times.  Cas hummed.
“So, Mom and Bobby?” Dean redirected the conversation.
He closed his eyes, listening to Cas’s steps retreating downstairs, out the door, and the BMW revving its engine.  There was a squeal of tires and then quiet.
Dean just barely kept his eyes from sliding back to Cas’s backpack and the red panties hidden inside.  He cleared his throat and grabbed his own bag, and made a beeline for the shower, wondering if he had a fever or something.  His cock was awake and ready to party,  but Dean knew it was dangerous territory he was wandering into, so he turned the shower on cold.
“As long as you’re planning to mount and stuff me, I’m all in,” Dean yawned.  He felt spent, but he managed to stay awake long enough for Cas to clean him off, and held his legs up long enough for Cas to work in the middle sized plug.  He hissed a little, but relished the burn, and soon he was asleep, plug in place for later.
Cas:  Sure Dean.  It’s not my place to say the nature of our past relationship- or lack thereof
Cas slapped his hip.  “Oh, bossy little bottom, are we?”
Mom opened her present from Uncle Bobby- then wouldn’t show them what he gave her.  Sam yelled, ‘ew!, and Dean looked back at Mary in shock.  She didn’t deny anything, but told them to mind their own damn business with a smile and light blush on her face.  Hm.  Who’d a thought it?
“Oh, so you just bang him when you go home, string the poor guy along.”  Dean was starting to get annoyed.  That Balthazar guy seemed pretty nice, even if he was texting from Cas’s bed.
Cas:  Balthazar.  We’ve known each other forever, not a big thing, just blowing off steam.
I would also like to state that, at the moment, I am writing too fast and don't have a job right now, so no beta has been able to keep up with my manic, hyperactive, impulsive posting, so there's typos. I'm sure there is. And I apologize. English is my first language, so it's pitiful.
He came with a grunt.  He laid still for a moment, wondering if he should get up and clean up, but in no time, he was hard again, his hips moving on their own accord.  He groaned into the pillow, the pleasure of the suction tempting him to come again, this time faster, his hips snapping hard forward.  He knelt, wedging the fleshlight between two pillows so he could pretend to hold Dean down, give it to him hard.
Bachelor Party Gone Wrong
Dean’s erection hung between his legs, hard again, untouched, and his ass clenched around nothing.  He slowly sucked Cas into his throat, moaning as it throbbed in his mouth, and twisting his tongue around the shaft. Cas felt helpless as Dean sucked faster, harder, until Cas was right on the edge.  He suddenly snapped to attention- he shouldn’t be letting Dean do this- he wasn’t in his right mind.
Dean:  You guys are like brothers, huh?
some poor girl stripping to make her rent.
Dean watched as Cas returned Dean’s stupid thumbs up, then clipped a rose from the pot on the porch.  “Nice touch,” Dean mumbled to himself, wanting to kick himself in the nuts.
He sighed loudly, wincing as the movement made his back twinge.  He turned his head slightly to look at the mess in the garage.  There was the wrench, brake fluid bottle, and mallet on the hood of the truck covered in lube.  There was the open door to the cab of the truck, come all over the cab, lube all over the shifter knob.  There was lube dripping from the trailer hitch and dried come on the floor.  And Dean himself, laying in the drying come, dressed in nothing but stained and ruined black lace panties, with the telltale bottle of half-empty lube just out of reach, and a laptop with all the evidence needed to convict him as a chronic pervert.
Dean buried his face in his pillow.  Maybe he would go to the Roadhouse that night.  They should be open, being the weekend and all.  He’d call to see if they were, and maybe he’d ask Jo to get ahold of Aaron.  Dean really would have liked his first sex encounter with a dude to not be in a bar, and to be the one getting fucked, but he wasn’t opposed to fucking the guy, I mean, they’d talked a lot.  The guy was pretty cool.
Dean chuckled.  “Me too.  You can go first.”
“Fuck,” he whispered.  He stood back up and went back to Cas’s backpack.  He didn’t feel bad about poking around in there, hell, Cas had half his hand inside Dean last night, poking around in his bag should be no problem.
Cas had always assumed he’d be straight, not that he’d really tested
Dean’s  orgasm was teetering on the edge, but he needed to come with Cas inside him.  That was what Cas demanded of their performances, and Dean wanted to please him so badly.  The comments were pinging like crazy at the panty trick, and Cas slapped Dean’s ass again.
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Cas sighed.  “That was the biggest one.”
“Ow,” Dean responded as his back reminded him he was on the floor.  It had to be a few hours later- he was freezing!
Cas grasped Dean’s ass and spread it, fingers holding the plug in place and thrust upward, eyes falling shut to the fantasy of it.  He wanted to replace the plug with his penis, and he would, but only if Dean asked him to.
Dean waited, but there was no response.  He must be busy.
Cas:  So what are your big plans for Christmas day?
“Mmmph,” Dean said with his mouthful and gave a thumbs up.
“Dean, if I hadn’t- I mean-”
They were varied in size, shape, and color.  And Dean knew he’d have to maintain direct, unnerving eye contact with Cas to avoid looking at them.  And looking at Cas in the eye would be so hard knowing that they would be filled with the same hurt that they were when Dean made him leave the bunker.
“What?” Dean mumbled.
Dean and Sam hit the Walmart around noon.  It was predictably crowded, and Dean got to run into half the people he went to school with.  It wasn’t bad, actually, being able to say he’d gotten out of Lawrence and was working on getting a degree he could use to help people.  Funny enough, it seemed people already knew what he was majoring in- and when Dean shot Sam a look, the kid smiled back proudly, announcing that he told everyone he saw how awesome his brother was.  Dean had to blink back tears.  He didn’t really give a fuck what anyone from that jerkwater berg thought of him, but to hear the pride in Sammy’s voice, even after learning Dean was gay, he felt pride in himself that he hadn’t before.
Dean whistled lowly.  “My dad did a number on me, but Naomi kinda fucked you up too, huh?”
“You like that?  You like my hole?   You’re the only one, Cas, the only one who has ever been inside me.  You’ve ruined me, Cas, I’ll only ever want your cock, your thick fucking cock pounding into me, making me yours.”
There was a cool hardness suddenly pressing into his hole, and he clenched down, but Cas waited until Dean relaxed again by continuing his licks, and slid it in.  Dean felt his hole stretched impossibly around the device, but it sat comfortably when it was in all the way.
He was about to say he was going to need to pee, when the food came.  The patty melt was Dean’s favorite at this diner, and he usually topped it off with a piece of pie.  He wasn’t sure he’d be able to eat at all.  He picked up some of the fries and shoved them in his mouth and suddenly his hunger hit him.  He was famished- probably from jerking off three times that day.
“I’m not saying anything bad about Dean,” Cindy held her hands up, “but I really hope he gets his shit together and you two can be happy.  It just seems like destiny.”
“I was just doing some research, and was reading about mythical creatures.  Dragons, specifically.”
Cas smiled at her, turning to Dean as he sat.
“I made a promise to you years ago; I would never read your thoughts, but it’s very difficult to maintain that boundary when you practically shout them at me.”
Cas appeared in his doorway, looking much like he had been asleep.
He must have fallen asleep, because he woke to Sam thumping on the door.
Dean bit his lip, a flush spreading across his cheeks as he went to the other side of the divider directly in front of Cas.  The tip of Cas’s penis was so close to the front of Dean’s suit pants.  Cas suddenly wanted nothing more than to come all over the front of Dean’s slacks, ruining them forever.
Cas sprang up.  “We need to get cleaned up and back to the bunker, your brother may be in danger.”
Cas growled and pulled Dean up into his lap, thrusting up into him, hitting his prostate.
Cas fondled Dean, never getting him completely hard, but Dean chuckled and said something about being 40 soon, and not to stop.  Cas obeyed and shifted his wings to run their feathers around Dean’s balls and along his shaft, sending little waves of grace into him, making him come suddenly and loudly.  Cas sped up and fucked Dean through his orgasm, holding Dean’s leg open and rolling Dean back, slightly on top of him, and fucking into his rippling heat until Cas came again, pounding Dean’s prostate and prolonging his pleasure.
Cas slammed the door a little too hard.  “Bullshit.  You gave me some excuse.  One that makes no sense.  And here I am, just trying to get by, and you come back, trying to save me from the big bad world that you forced me into.”  He spun on his heel and marched toward the darkened store.
“Ouch,” Cindy cringed.  “I’m so sorry.  So he’s not attracted to men, but likes to put things up his ass.  Interesting.”  She picked up a large box from a lower shelf.  “I would have recommended this couple’s anal play gift set, but I don’t know if that’s appropriate for friends.  Not that I know of many sex toys that would be appropriate for friends.”
He used to have a couple of sex toys (just a fleshlight and a tiny vibrator), but when mom moved in last year, he got rid of them.  It just seemed to be wrong to have them in the same building as her.  And what if she rummaged through his stuff?  There was no way he’d have that conversation, sober or not.
Cas:  This is Cassie’s friend, Balthazar, and poor Cassie is already asleep.  Too much fun too early ;)
“Sorry Cas, I, uh, just was...you know, wondering...if uh…” he stammered.  He had an idea.  “Hey!  Why don’t you just take a little peek this time, just this once.”  Dean bit his lip and waited, a very provocative image swirling to the front of his mind’s eye.
“Okay, man, I’ll get your pills.”
Cas cocked his head.  Did Dean mean for him follow, or did he mean the reply that was synonymous with the human expression, ‘give me a break’?  He was unsure how to respond.
He had ulterior motives, of course.
The door swung open on a squeaky hinge, and Dean half-walked half-dragged Cas into the room and kicked the door shut.
“Okay, I get the picture, Dean.”  Cas’s cock was now starting to dribble with pre-come as he imagined Dean humping a tree.
The phone rang twice.
“I’m full,” Dean growled.  “I’m ready to go.  Like really ready.  Really really ready.”
“You ready?” Dean asked, kissing Cas’s rim where it stretched obscenely over his three fingers.
At least Sam had paused it before he got any further.
Cas looked between them at Dean’s dripping cock and slowly reached over and pulled the panties down and hooked them around Dean’s balls.  Dean sighed in approval, hissing in Cas’s ear when his warm hand wrapped around the burning hot flesh, so hard and like his own, Cas stroked upward, gathering all the dripping precome and slowly jerked off Dean, matching his rhythm to his fingers fucking in and out of Dean’s hole.
“Cas, yes, baby, so good, it feels so good, my god, I wish we did this sooner, I never want to stop, does it feel good?  Am I good?”
He had to watch it.  Getting a boner in these jeans would be very noticable.  It’s not like anyone would really see it in the crowd.  He twisted, shaking his hips, throwing his arms over his head. He looked up at that moment and locked eyes with Dean from far across the room.
Cas stared into the light of Dean’s soul deeply, sensing the presence of his own grace, as usual, filling the small tears and holes left from Dean’s experience in Hell, but no Michael.  “Or maybe being angelic for as long as you have has just allowed you to see more on an astral plane.”
Dean’s half-lidded eyes and pouty lips made Cas want to hold him down right there and fuck him, but he collected himself and picked Dean up like a bride and shook his wings out again.
“You ready?”  Dean mumbled, eyes locked on Cas’s cock.
“You don’t want to get married, don’t get married,” Dean said quietly, “it’s that simple.”
Dean and Sam hit the Walmart around noon.  It was predictably crowded, and Dean got to run into half the people he went to school with.  It wasn’t bad, actually, being able to say he’d gotten out of Lawrence and was working on getting a degree he could use to help people.  Funny enough, it seemed people already knew what he was majoring in- and when Dean shot Sam a look, the kid smiled back proudly, announcing that he told everyone he saw how awesome his brother was.  Dean had to blink back tears.  He didn’t really give a fuck what anyone from that jerkwater berg thought of him, but to hear the pride in Sammy’s voice, even after learning Dean was gay, he felt pride in himself that he hadn’t before.
“Had sex with?”  Cas’s laser focus was back on Dean.  His eyes were fathomless.  Dean could fall in and disappear for centuries.
He’d never dared to masturbate in Cas’s room before, so it was extra naughty, so he knew he wouldn’t last.  He moved to the edge of the bed and sat on the globe, sliding further onto it, bouncing a little, liking the way the soft mattress yielded to his motion.
As they sped down the road, Cas wound his fingers together with Dean’s, excited to be included in a normal happy family. Sure it had happened fast- their friends said it was meant to be, and no one warned them against the other.  It seemed everyone had considered them inevitable since the fateful kiss at that party.  Even the frat brothers were in agreement that it was ‘chick-flick magical’ when they kissed.
Dean pushed backwards, pressing the pillow into Cas’s crotch as he came, and Cas let a groan slip out.
Cas:  I’m Cas’s oldest friend.  We were in school together, and our very annoying parents have been friends for decades.
Cas took the clipboard and signed it with elegant scrawl and handed it back.  He turned back to Dean, chin up.  The man with the clipboard thanked Cas.
Cas:  So what are your big plans for Christmas day?
“I’m afraid so, Dean.  Just changing it up, as you would say.”
“Yeah, Dean,” Jo sighed, wiping at the bar out of habit.  “I wish I had someone who I could fall in love with at first sight.”
Cas:  Booze.  Weed.  Sex.
They spent the day in the bead, touching and kissing, gentle, as the urgency of the mating ritual dissipated.
Cas gasped as Dean slid up and then back, clenching his muscles, sending shocks of pleasure through the angel.  He tried his best to keep his hands behind his head, let Dean keep control, but he was just so glorious, riding Cas’s cock so well. Cas finally grabbed Dean’s hips and started thrusting upwards, meeting him, speeding up, making Dean falter, as Cas easily found Dean’s prostate again, and pounded into him until Dean was crying out again, come spurting from his cock, untouched, landing on Cas’s chest.  Dean rode through his orgasm, slumping over and stilling.  Cas stroked his hair, kissed his face, wiped his brow and waited for Dean to surface again.
Cas spun on his heel and walked out the door.  Dean always had to have the last word, and he did in this case.  Somehow it felt hollow.
They’d said their good nights, going their separate ways, but ended meeting in the hall minutes later, Dean dragging Cas to his bed, arranging his limbs until they were comfortable, and falling asleep from exhaustion.  The night had been so awesome, and Dean didn’t want it to end.
It was on that trip through the store that he’d suddenly had his eyes opened to all the thousands of things at Walmart that could fit up his ass, and the silky panties he could wear while doing it.
“You in there Dean?”  Cas asked, the smile evident in his voice.
********
“Mmm, very likely,” She grinned impishly.  “But I’m sure you’ll figure it out.  Just keep busy and everything will turn out.  Ta!”  She strode up the stairs and out the door, slamming it and leaving an uncomfortable silence in its wake.
Rowena muttered Latin and hovered her palms over Dean.  Her eyes went purple for a moment and the room vibrated.  Cas felt rather than saw Dean relax.
Dean looked up at him.  “Maybe I want you to come.  I want to know what that’s like,” Dean shrugged, licking at Cas’s tip, enjoying how it made him twitch and cry out weakly.
Dean was glad they’d already came once, because he would have come embarrassingly fast  He was making all sorts of noises, Cas’s skin slapping into his filling the room.
“I, uh, may be injured.  I’m not really sure.”  Cas bit his lip.  Dean’s voice so close to him was making his situation much worse.
“Wha?” Dean asked, turning toward him, wiggling closer until he was tucked under Cas’s chin.
“Fucking christ,” Cas squirmed in his chair as he caught a peek of Dean’s puffy red hole, winking and flexing as he moved to pull a condom and packet of lube from his shorts pocket.
“Cas, they're beautiful,” he breathed.  He held a hand out as if to stroke one, and Cas couldn’t help but to press his left wing forward to meet his fingers.  He shuddered at the contact, it had been so long since they had been touched.
“You sure you’ll be okay, Dean?”  Cas had his head tilted in that way that used to make Dean think he was confused.  He knew now that it was Cas reading the situation and sensing bullshit.
Dean laughed and kissed the top of Cas’s head.  He’d never been so intimate with someone, to just be close like that, not feeling self-conscience. He swung his legs out of bed, grateful he had stopped drinking after midnight and switched to bottled water.  His mouth tasted funky, but he felt pretty good.
“Is it even possible that my cock, which is larger than anything we’ve ever penetrated you with, can fit so neatly inside you?” Cas groaned as he slowed the roll of his hips to give Dean a break.  “There is nothing impossible here, Dean.  You will be existing with me on a different plane from now on.  All you have to do is come two more times.”
“Yeah, yeah, fucking hilarious,” Dean grumbled, his face burning as he raced up the stairs.
Dean nodded and put their foreheads together, his eyes rolling shut as Cas’s finger slipped in further.  It felt so different than Dean had expected.  So real, so much more alive.
There was a small gasp beside him and he opened his eyes sharply.  Well, that had made it obvious to Cas what his other hand had been doing.
Dean shrugged.  “Okay, I guess.  I saw him at the bar a couple of times this week, we shot pool with Jo.”
Rowena sighed.  “How much do you know about Angel mating, Samuel?”
“Fuck, oh yeah, baby right there! Fuck me harder! Yeah, make me come!  Oh fuck!”  Dean screamed as his orgasm exploded, his cock splattering release all over the screen of the laptop.  Comments were flowing in, the pinging of comments under Dean fueling his pleasure.  Cas hammered away, slamming into Dean’s prostate over and over until he shouted and filled Dean, pumping hot come into him.  Slowly, Cas pulled all the way out, come still dripping from him, and pushed it back in.  Dean felt him pull out and gather the come with the tip of his dick and try to push it all back inside him.  Dean was floating.  He felt Cas pull away and move the laptop, talking to the camera.
Just as Dean turned his light off and was turning over to fall asleep, his phone pinged.
After several pumps in and out, he removed the wrench and laid it back on shop towel beside him.  He picked up the bottle of brake fluid and poured lube all over the top and neck, letting the lube drip onto his stomach and chest, making a show of rubbing it all over himself, his nipples, his belly button, and pushing it with his fingers into his hole.  It was loose enough to take the slender bottle neck, so he worked it in, twisting it right and left, gasping loudly when it breached him, pushing it in hard and fast.  He usually kept the videos under five minutes, so he needed to get to the large mallet handle soon.  That and he was really itching to get it up his ass.
“Good,” said Dean, with satisfaction.  “Know what else I’d like to try?  Putting that giant cock in my ass.  So hurry up and do that, please.”
He opened his eyes.  Dean was staring up at him with pure adoration, open and present.  Cas gasped and blinked.  He wanted so much for it to be love that Dean was showing him, and maybe he was fooling himself, but it looked like it, and…
Dean was sure Cas’s voice dropped low enough to vibrate through Dean’s solar plexus.  He inhaled slowly, trying to keep from popping a boner in front of his best friend.  Not that it should matter at that point, but for some reason, Dean needed the charade.  Sure, he’d jerked Cas off to get him unstuck in the motel room, something he’d never forget, but things seemed uneven- Cas bringing him gifts and catching him in his room with his pants down.  Cas had done something that any guy would do, but Dean felt a little bit freakish.
Who was he kidding, he loved how it felt.  Maybe if he could get away from Cas.
Cas suddenly grinned.  “I got you!” he said, pretty pleased with himself.  He slapped Dean’s arm, maybe a bit too hard, and walked by him out the door to the library.
Dean was moving, jumping off the stage and pulling Cas up to his feet before he could apologize and brush it off, descending on Cas’s mouth, their lips locking into a hard kiss.  Cas softened and closed his eyes, letting Dean dip him and lick into his mouth while the room’s cheers grew to a deafening roar.  It was tender and strong at the same time, Dean pulling Cas back up into a perfect embrace.  They parted to look at one another- Diamond shooing them sit their asses down or get a room- and spoke at the same time.
He smirked at himself and pulled off the panties and headed for the shower.  After a quick scrub, he dried and pulled a fresh pair of blue panties out of the pocket of his jeans.  He dressed quickly and headed out, pausing to lock the door behind him.  He’d forgotten to mop the jizz off the floor, and the room smelled like sex.  He’d have to clean after they got back from supper.
“It may take a moment for me to be able to pull out,” Cas mumbled, warm and content, wrapping his wings around them.  Dean wiggled a little, pushing back into Cas so every inch of his muscled back touched Cas’s front.
“Castiel, my love!  How are you?”
He stood in the shower, trying to get a hold of himself.  His animalistic side nearly took over, and he’d almost mated Dean.  That would mean that he would be bound to the hunter, even more so than he already was.  An angel mating a human was dangerous, and was forbidden, but of course, because of Jack, Cas had rethought everything he’d been taught.
********
“Alright, Dean, I’m going to loosen you up with this plug as I insert it, okay?”  He said in his most soothing voice.  It came out lower than usual.  He was very aroused.  His cock was tenting his pants and making a wet spot in his underwear.
“What?” Cas spluttered.  “We aren’t-”
He pulled his cock out of Dean’s mouth to feeble protests.  Dean turned and spread his ass with his hands, holding himself open for Cas, pressing his face in the pillow.  Cas was so tempted.
“Yes, please, Dean, more,”  Cas whined.
Cas huffed a laugh, running his hands through his hair and plucking at the tight see-through black long sleeve shirt he wore.  It was pretty unlike him, but maybe that’s what he needed.  He’d gone to a designer store in town, and let a younger sales girl pick out his clothes.  He’d said he wanted to dress ‘gay sex machine,’ and she had clapped her hands in delight and started pulling clothing from the shelves.  He ended up with the shirt, a pair of black jeans that were so tight they left little to the imagination, and black suede boots.  It was so far different from his usual.  It felt scary and exhilarating at the same time.  Maybe he would fuck some rando tonight, instead of playing Dancefloor Avenger.
Dean cleared his throat.  “Well the feeling is mutual.  I mean, I know you had to hide from the angel threat, but, uh, wow.  This is some cover.”
Cas was a little confused.  “Uh, in my bag?”
“Dammit, Cas, you scared the hell outta me.”  Dean pushed past him and headed back toward his room.
Just as Dean turned his light off and was turning over to fall asleep, his phone pinged.
Cas rolled his eyes and frowned.  “No.  That’s childish, Dean.”
Dean felt his pants tighten a little.
mention that reaper bitch when we are in bed,” Dean growled, jealousy welling up in his gut, making him roll his hips up harder.
Cas smiled at her.  “Was he handsome with devastating green eyes and sandy brown hair, looking like he needs a good spanking?”  Wow, he was already pretty sloshed.
“Calling Diamond.”  Siri repeated.
Dean:  Oh.  Cool good for you :)
“Don’t worry, I’ve got you,” Cas whispered.  He moved further down, Dean glad he was going to get sucked off.  He really needed to come.  But instead, Cas parted his legs, bending his knees to his chest, exposing his hole.  Dean spread his legs further, excited about Cas touching him there.
Dean wiped tears from his eyes and stifled a giggle.  “Yeah, yeah I do.  Looking pretty sharp tonight, Cas.”
Finally he was fully sheathed in Dean, and he held still, waiting to calm himself so he didn’t come too quickly.  He wanted to drag it out, give the most pleasure before he bit Dean on the neck and marked him forever.
Cas crawled up the bed to Dean’s face, cock in hand, and grabbed Dean by the hair.  Dean opened his mouth wide automatically, and was pleased to hear the laptop ping madly as Cas teased his lips with the tip of his cock, rubbing salty precome on his mouth like lipstick.  Dean waited obediently as Cas worked, keeping his tongue in until he was told to lick.
Cas smiled around his mouthful.  That little shit!  He was torturing Dean on purpose!  Not that Dean didn’t deserve it.
Dean nodded and grabbed the duffel Cas had started carrying with him on hunts.
Dean:  Oh.  Thanks I guess.
He had bitten his bicep to stifle his moans and came hard, getting a little more come on the doomed pants.  He didn’t really have time to change before meeting the witness, so he ended up holding a briefcase in front of himself the whole time.
Dean had come down from his post-orgasmic bliss and panicked- but when he went to erase it, he saw it already had about a thousand hits!  In a matter of minutes!
Dean smiled, still a bit in disbelief.
Cas slapped his hip.  “Oh, bossy little bottom, are we?”
He turned and spied a small packet of lube on the counter by the sink.  With trembling fingers he picked it up, and looked between the plug and the packet a few times.
Dean pulled Cas into another kiss, the room disappearing again.
Cas was already starting to harden again.  Dean was jelly in his arms as he laid him back on his bed.  He was smiling blissfully and looking up at Cas with something like awe and longing.  Cas folded his wings back and removed his coat and tie as Dean watched, stripping quickly down and standing naked before Dean, waiting to see what happened next.  Would Dean ask him to lie down too?  Or would he just see this as a one night stand?  But Dean was already sitting up and reaching out to him, pulling him down on top of him, kissing him desperately, and wrapping his legs around Cas tightly.
She huffed.  “I’m not gonna molest ye, boy!” she scoffed.  “I just need to perform a reversal spell.”
“He texted me back from your phone when I texted that apology.”  He admitted, “He said you were the one that got away.”
“Oh fuck,” Cas whispered and held Dean’s head still for a moment, breathing hard.  A moment passed.  “Okay, sorry, I needed a minute.”  Dean grinned and sat up a little.
Dean pursed his lips and slid to his knees, pushing between Cas’s legs to take his dick into his mouth.  Cas shouted in relief when the slicknes of Dean’s mouth descended on him, not wasting time in teasing, but sucking hard, up and down rapidly, then pulling off and slipping the condom on.
“Good day, sir,” he said, firm smile in place, giving the man an emphatic thumbs up.  “And good luck.”
“I did claim you, Dean, and I thought you felt the same way, but you were always just out of reach.  I was satisfied to live the rest of my existence just being near you, that being enough, but it weighed on my heart.  Now that I have you, it would destroy me for you to reject me again.”
Raphael hummed in agreement and hung up.  Cas looked down at his outfit.  He was in a button down shirt and pajama pants.  He should probably stop and get something better to wear.  He’d never been seen out in anything less than a Hugo Boss suit or casual wear, and he’d be damned if he went to the club looking like that.
They shopped for presents for Mom, and Dean found himself looking around the Walmart wondering if there would be anything he could give Cas.  He shook his head.  Ridiculous.
“Dean, that was like nothing I’ve ever- fuck, I can’t talk!”  Cas grumbled in frustration.
Dean felt crushed.
Cas dropped her lifeless body and joined Sam in helping Dean up.  The force with which he was thrown back had shattered several vials on a shelf, and some of the contents were dripping down Dean’s neck.  Dean allowed Sam to help him stand, and shook his head slightly.
“You didn’t stop me!” Cas yelled back, knowing it was a weak argument.  He obviously wanted it, and denying it just sounded stupid in his ears.
Cas nodded and sighed.  “Fine.  Yeah, that sounds good.  Let me get my toiletries.”
“Dean?” Cas whispered under the safety of the blanket.
“Oh,” Cindy looked perplexed.  “So he’s your boyfriend?”
Cas blinked.  He had a point.  “I’m near you, I feel so much calmer, more focused.  I need to tell you that if I were to have sex with you now, during what is called my ‘rut’, we will be bonded together for eternity.”
Dean kissed and licked along Cas’s lower spine, still working his fingers, as he rose to position himself on his knees.  He withdrew his fingers gently, Cas whined at the emptiness, and Dean empathized with the feeling.
“Thanks Sheriff Riley,” Dean said, clenching his teeth as vibrations suddenly sped up against his prostate where the remote-controlled plug sat.  “We’ll have these back to you this afternoon.”
Dean finally laid down for the night around 10:30.  He took it easy on the eggnog, so he wasn’t even really buzzed.  But if Cas was out with his friends or doing family stuff, he’d text now to give Cas a chance to text back before he got drunk.  Or to tell him to fuck off.  Dean figured an apology would work, then they could pretend it didn’t happen.
“No, I don’t want the pillow,” Dean complained.  Cas knew Dean wasn’t in his right mind, but he was prepared to do whatever Dean needed to keep him alive.
“I guess we could do a tracking spell,” Sam said placidly.  “But I’d rather have Rowena over to do it, she’s got some shortcut spells.  If I try and do it-”
He shoved the panties in his pocket, grabbed the angel-proof handcuffs, and headed to the bunker stairs.  Maybe if he got a hotel for a few days or something, he’d be okay.
Dean gasped and clutched himself, his eyes squinting over Cas’s shoulder, but then he sighed and shook his head, eyes darting away from Cas again.  Cas was almost sure Dean had seen his wings that time, but that was hardly possible.
Here he was, picturing himself in red crotchless panties, in bed with his sleeping best friend, hard as a rock, wondering if it would wake Cas if he went back into the bathroom to deal with it.  It might wake Cas up less if he just tried to rub out out quietly.  If Cas was in deep enough sleep, he could probably get away with it.
“Mmmph,” Dean said with his mouthful and gave a thumbs up.
He then proceeded to go over every bump and pothole on the way back.  Dean was so close to coming in his pants.  He was biting a hole on the inside of his lip trying not to moan.  Cas pulled up to the door of the bunker and got out, and Dean just sat there, waiting to calm down.  If he stood now, he was bound to fall over.
Cas:  Pretty much yes
Cas pouted, his lip poking out.  “I
“Whatever you’re doing is just fine,” Cas gasped back.
What???  Dean’s head was swimming.
Dean crossed his arms and raised an eyebrow, his face still freshly flushed from sex, his hair ruffled, and the musky scent of him lingering in the air.  Cas swallowed roughly and looked away.
Dean:  Can you talk?
Dean snorted a laugh and seemed to relax a little.  Cas moved next to him and sat down.
Dean:  Yeah, listen, I have to go, my mom is yelling for me.
Dean stood and buttoned his jeans, washing his hands off at the sink.  He couldn’t take much more of it, he’d have to say something.  If he’d learned anything from the last few years, it was that leaving things unsaid was the path to hell.
“What the fuck, Cas!  You could have died!”
Cas swiped lube on his cock and some more on Dean’s twitching hole.   Cas pushed Dean’s knees up and pulled his hips up to tuck a pillow under them.
“Well, are you going to be doing the dragging, or should I?”  Cas was now only inches away.  Dean’s heart was thundering.
He’d darted off to the bathroom, ripping open his pants and jerking himself quickly.  It wasn’t enough, not nearly enough, and he kept picturing sliding down on his knees to suck off Cas instead of what he did with his hand.  He looked around and saw the small shampoo and lotion bottles on the counter.  He quickly spread lotion on his cock and smeared more on the shampoo bottle, making sure the lid was on tight.  Seconds later, he had the bottle crammed in his ass, thrusting it in and out as hard as he could, imagining Cas bending him over the sink and pounding into him.
********
Cas:  Balthazar.  We’ve known each other forever, not a big thing, just blowing off steam.
Dean felt excitement build in his gut.  Cas liked him?  Was that possible?
Cas was about to come in his own pants, and he couldn’t hold it back any longer.
“You like that, Cas, you like how good I take your cock?”  Dean was shivering as waves of pleasure hit him.  Just penetration felt so goddamn good.  “Yeah, baby, I take it so good for you, yeah, that’s it, more, harder-”
Dean was sweaty and his hair stood out in all directions.  He had returned to laying under the covers, with them pulled to his chin.  His bare shoulder peeked out, the skin looking slick and Cas had the strongest urge to bite it, to see what it felt like between his teeth.
“Cas!” Dean called as he felt Cas swell inside him as he sped up, pounding harder, face tight in concentration.  The wave crashed over Dean suddenly and sharply, causing him to arch off the bed.  His eyes rolled back as he came all over his chest, untouched, with Cas pounding into his ass, which rippled in time with his orgasm, clenching Cas tightly, and making him shout out and thrust once more and hold still as he filled Dean with a hotness, and collapsed down onto him, kissing his face, whispering in his ears his love, his devotion.
“I see,” Dean said awkwardly.  “Look, man, I was hired by your brother who’s been talking about you since we met like, six months ago.  I, uh, sort of social media stalked you- not like real stalked you, but, you know, like checked you out a little.  I thought you were hot, so when Gabe said you needed to get laid, and I jumped at the chance and said I’d gladly strip for your next birthday…  Come to think of it, he did say your birthday was conveniently this weekend.  He’s never mentioned you were engaged.  I assumed you were gay...or at least bi?”
Dean closed his eyes and shuddered.  Cas’s voice was low and gravelly as always, but Dean could feel it in his cock, pressed up tightly to him.
“Yeah, well Balthazar said you guys didn’t fuck so I guess he’s a liar, then.  You always do this to your friends, huh?  String them along, make them want you?  That’s fucked up Cas.”
“Good.  Now let’s go use Gabriel’s expensive shampoo and high-end towels and get cleaned up.  I have his credit card, so dinner’s on him too.”
“Dean?”  Cas was standing at the top of the steps to the garage.
“Yeah, well Balthazar said you guys didn’t fuck so I guess he’s a liar, then.  You always do this to your friends, huh?  String them along, make them want you?  That’s fucked up Cas.”
Rowena peeked her head around the younger Winchester and hummed in approval.  “My my, hasn’t your little todger had a ‘glow up’ as they say.”
Of course, Dean started imagining Cas’s hand caressing his cock, touching it absently as he talked in Dean’s ear, squeezing when a gear needed to be changed.  Dean pulled himself completely off the knob and turned so his back was to the laptop camera, so the view of his hole was more clear, and he watched over his shoulder on the screen as he lowered himself onto the knob again.  His reddened hole stretched so slowly, opening as he pressed, popping over the knob part and squeezing shut over the handle.  He could feel the round smoothness of the knob inside himself, and the way his rim clenched over the shaft.  He pulled off all the way again, and pushed in once again, going deeper until he felt it press his prostate.  He braced one hand on the backrest and faced the back of the truck, losing himself in the fantasy of Cas’s hand instead of his hand, and how the knob plundered him, pressing his prostate over and over.
“Day-um, sweetie, what have you got on,” Raphael was behind the bar, inventory sheet in hand when Cas walked in.  “I swear, you surprise me constantly.”  He shook his head and pulled a bottle of Glen McKenna down and got two tumblers.  Cas watched him pour three fingers for them each, smiling in amusement.  Raphael was dressed in a t shirt and jeans, crooked ball cap on his head.
“A sixty-nine?” Dean surmised, “You don’t have-   Oh, fuuuuuck.”  Cas took Dean in hand and sucked him down expertly.  Dean’s nerves were on fire, his cock throbbing in pleasure.  He needed to distract himself or he’d come.  He grabbed Cas’s hips, lowering them so Cas’s cock was touching his lips.  He licked it, fighting the urge to come and pressed Cas’s hips down until his cock slid into Dean’s mouth.
Dean’s exhaustion and the softness of the memory foam had him drifting off and into a deep sleep quickly.
Cas had discovered, not long after he’d moved into the bunker after coming back from the dead, that he had pretty much zero refractory period.  If he got too stimulated, he would have to masturbate several times before the erections would cease.  After he had caught Dean with the snow globe up his anus, he had stayed in his room for the rest of the evening holding it up to his lips while he jerked off 15 times.  The idea that Dean would choose to do that in his bed was what spurned the idea of buying Dean sex toys in the first place.
Cas slid back down Dean’s body and pushed his knees up to his chest, slowly working out the plug and tossing it aside.  He pulled the last one from the packaging and held it up for Dean to see.  It was large, but Cas’s dick was bigger.  Dean nodded and held his ass cheeks open.
“Of Aaron?”  Dean looked confused.
“No, it’s okay you go first.  I want to watch your butt in those pants.”
Dean’s eyes widened fearfully, something Cas hadn’t seen since he felt Lucifer’s angel blade thrust through his chest.  It made him want to grab Dean and hold him tightly, but he just concentrated and forced himself to relax, the power of his grace unfurling his wings again, ready to fight-or-flight.  He usually picked the latter when it came to Dean, leaving was so much easier than feeling the illogical emotions he had for the man.
“Need some assistance, Dean?”  Cas asked, opening his door for him again, like he was his freaking date or something.
Cas walked back to his truck and climbed in.  How would he slip the plugs to Dean?  One at a time?  All at once?  Should he leave a card?  He pondered for a moment and pulled into Walgreens.  He had a great idea.
It actually sounded pretty terrible.  He’d never really been in love before.  He wasn’t sure he was now.  They were talking about love at first sight, but Dean had no idea if what he felt was anywhere close to that.  Maybe.  It was hard to tell since things kept getting in the way.
‘How about…?”  Cas pulled out his finger and pressed a second one with it, wriggling them both back in, stretching Dean’s hole a little more, making him go limp in Cas’s arms.  He was whimpering in Cas’s ear now, muttering, “oh fuck, yes, fuck you feel good.”
Dean was carefully siddleing up behind her, witch killing bullets loaded into his gun, looking for a clear shot.  It was too risky to try and swat her down with his grace, he needed to be sure Dean was safe.  His eyes darted on their own accord to Dean.
The door opened and closed.  Dean heard the lock twist and felt more than heard Cas walking over to the side of the bed.
Sam opened his new cell phone from Mom and Dean, shrieking like he did before his voice had changed.  They’d decided it was finally time to get him one since he’d be going off to school next fall.
He felt safe when he shut and locked the door to the hideaway, shaking away the worry about Cas.  Cas really didn’t think of him that way, right?  It was really embarrassing, he’d jerked off his friend to help him out of a tight spot, but then had to jerk himself off in the bathroom because it turned him on so much.  Then he got busted fucking himself in Cas’s bed, and Cas acted like it was no big deal.  Had gotten him a safer alternative than the snowglobe, in fact.  It seemed like the angel was unflappable, just comfortable with whatever freakish thing Dean could come up with.
Dean realized he’d been externalizing his internal monologue.  Well, fuck it, they were all friends.
The bunker was busy when Cas walked in.  About ten faces turned to him as he closed the door behind himself.  There was an odd pause, but to his great relief, everyone either smiled or said hi and turned back to their work.
The world stopped spinning and froze to ice.  In the midst of all the cold, sweat broke out on Dean’s back and his breathing quickened.  He felt like he was about to have a panic attack.  Sex?  Balthazar didn’t say anything about them being a thing
“Now, no more toys, I want- I
Cas pushed the balloon back into the bag and took the left hallway and went the long way around to avoid running into Dean.
Dean was in there every spare moment he got, fucking himself with anything he could get his hands on.  None of it was like the real thing (not that he knew what
Cas:  LOL I’d break more than that.
“Please!  I’ll make you hamburgers for dinner, I promise,” Dean put his lip out a tiny bit- it wasn’t playing fair, but he really thought the joke was funny.
Sam helped Dean to his room and deposited him on the bed.
There was a distinctive ping from down the quiet hall.  A door opened and Dean could hear socked feet padding his way.
“Cas,” he whispered as he nuzzled Cas’s balls with his nose, licking them too.  “Tell me how you like it.”
He hopped in the shower for a quick scrub when he had an idea.  He cleaned himself thoroughly and toweled off quickly.  He snuck back into the room and poked around in Cas’s backpack in the light of the bathroom.  He hooked his finger on the satin panties and held them up.  They seemed to be
The door opened and closed.  Dean heard the lock twist and felt more than heard Cas walking over to the side of the bed.
, he wanted to catch it on his tongue.
“Shower?”
going for sexy not sharp,” he drawled, wiggling his fingers at Dean.  If he was going twink tonight, he sure as hell was going to have fun with it.
******
Cas raised his clenched hands in victory, egging on the crowd.  He was having fun!  He turned back to Dean who was standing there stock-still, staring at with his eyes wide and lips parted.  Cas thought over the words Diamond had just spoken….
Dean nodded.
“Dean,” he growled, dropping the forgotten cuffs on the floor.
Yeah.  Too bad.
“Of course, Dean.  I couldn’t deny such a request.  So how was the rest of your vacation?  Hows…” Cas looked thoughtful.  “Aaron?”
Dean just snorted and moved to the other side of the divider.  “Huh, here’s your problem, if you had lube, you’d probably be fine.  You have any?”  He sounded like he was diagnosing a car problem.
“Had sex with?”  Cas’s laser focus was back on Dean.  His eyes were fathomless.  Dean could fall in and disappear for centuries.
“Are you pleasuring yourself?”  Cas had rolled over to his side, and Dean could just make out his eyes in the dark.
Fuck!  He needed to turn his brain off.  He swallowed another three fingers of Glen Mckenna and set his tumbler down.
He made an executive decision and left the room, panties in hand.
It had happened accidentally the first time.  Dean was still in Michael’s clutches when Cas took to spending time in Dean’s room watching movies and sitting on his bed.  He’d decided to get comfortable and had stripped down to his boxers, snuggling down in Dean’s comforter and sniffing Dean’s smell off it.  He felt like crying nearly constantly, and it became a nightly thing, quietly closing himself in Dean’s room to watch movies and hold Dean’s pillow and wrap himself in Dean’s smell.
Dean laughed and pulled Cas into his lap.  They watched the rest of the drag show in the same chair, Dean kissing Cas and breathing into his neck.  It was heaven.
“No need,” Cas said as he turned and plucked the snowglobe from Dean’s hands.  He moved to set it on his bedside table, moving a ceramic cat from the time they fought that ghoul in Branson.  The cat went in the spot on the wall where the globe had been.  Cas arranged it carefully.
Dean wiggled his toes and peeked out from under the blanket.  Cas was wrapped in a towel, and Dean watched a bead of water travel down his chest, roll around the edge of his belly button, and disappear into the towel edge.  Dean swallowed.  He pulled the blanket open to let Cas in.
Cas slid into his seat, staring curiously at Dean.  Dean did his best not to look back at him.  If he did, all he’d be able to think about is that damn look on his face when he came with Dean’s hand on him.
“Jesus fucking Christ, Cas,” Dean giggled, “You ready to go again already?”
“Dean,” He said tightly, “you don’t have to apologize to me, if anyone underst-”
“Cas, why did you leave me?” Dean asked, as he stroked the top edge of Cas’s wings, his hand moving down his back and landing over Cas’s chest.  He looked so forlorn, Cas’s heart tore in two.
The ride in Cas’s truck was worse. Every time they went over a bump, Dean had to suppress a moan.  He snuck glances Cas’s way, wondering if Cas knew what was happening, but the angel was paying his usual intense attention to the road as he drove.  Led Zeppelin played softly, probably from the mixtape he’d made Cas several months ago.
The lights suddenly dimmed and hard rock music started pouring out of Gabriel’s stereo speakers- not a song Cas recognized, but then, as he was contemplating the song, the door to the kitchen was kicked open, and a very handsome man sauntered out dressed in a short-sleeved shirt with the cuffs rolled, cut off jeans- you could see the pockets hanging out, and tan work boots.  Cas’s jaw dropped as the man strutted to the music and walked directly for his chair, eyes on him like a lazerbeam, green and bright.
Dean blushed harder.  “I think you might be under the impression that I don’t like you or you’re just a hookup or something, but man,”  Dean looked him square in the eye.  “I can’t stop thinking about you.  I want you, I mean really want you, okay?”
Dean gasped as the wide bulb middle of the plug breached him and settled inside the ring of muscle.  The flair at the end was larger, and he liked the way it looked, settled against his skin.  He was already sweating and shaking, and he carefully rolled off the bed, and tried to stand.
“Nah, I’m good,” Sam said, without looking up.
Oh my god.
Cas raised his clenched hands in victory, egging on the crowd.  He was having fun!  He turned back to Dean who was standing there stock-still, staring at with his eyes wide and lips parted.  Cas thought over the words Diamond had just spoken….
“I know,” Dean said, “but I just have this need, this insane desire for you to come in me, like I can’t think of anything else I want more in this whole universe.”
“What’s wrong with him?”  Sam asked nervously.
“I meant what I said last night.  I’ve...I’ve fallen for you.  But I don’t know what that means.  And I don’t want to mess this up or scare you off, but I’ve never felt this before.  And it’s kind of scary.”
*****
“What if I’m ready now?”
“For example,” he continued, “I usually sleep in the shop, after stocking shelves at night, and have read every detail of every device in the store.  I know how everything is used, how it all works, and have even purchased a few items of my own.”
Deciding that he’d pondered it quite enough for one day, he changed the subject to football, and they told stories back and forth about Lawrence High’s terrible team and how they’d never make state.  Dean went home alone that night, happy that he’d only nursed 3 beers all night and had a good time with friends.  It made him miss school though, and he wondered how Kevin and Chuck were doing.  Three weeks of break was too long, and Dean wondered if Mom and Sam would be okay if he went back early.  Maybe spend New Year’s with the guys.
Cas stood in shock as Jack hugged Dean, welcoming him back to the bunker.  Dean glanced over, meeting Cas’s eyes, a flash of guilt lighting them before they darted away.
Sam had an eyebrow arched at him, but was already pulling his phone to dial Rowena.
Today had him wandering around the enchanted and cursed items in the storerooms, looking for anything interesting.  The risk of accidentally somehow releasing a demon into his ass was too high, so he left. He bypassed the kitchen- cause, ew- and wandered back to his bedroom.
“Is what true?”
“Not even a little.  Want me to return it to him?”
There was an unread message.
“My fair maiden,” she said, winking over at Dean who was silently standing, looking stiff.
The moans became whimpers and then silence.  Cas knocked.  “Dean, it’s me,” he said hesitantly.
Cas slowed down until he was just gently rocking in and out, his erection so tight and hard, but he’d wait, he’d do it right, give Dean the most pleasure- but also give him the opportunity to change his mind.
“Cas-” Dean’s eyes had transformed into wonder and he stood moving toward him slowly, trance-like.  “Your wings, I can see them.”
The vibrating slowed and Dean held still while Cas slowly worked the toy out of Dean’s hole.  He whined when it was gone, feeling empty only for a moment until Cas pushed the tip of a much larger object into his asshole.  Dean looked back and gasped as he was breached, laughing and moaning as the large purple plug was twisted back and forth until Cas worked it in past the enormous bulb and the flare sat snugly against Dean’s swollen entrance.  He wiggled his hips,  groaning as it nudged his prostate, and watched the screen as Cas unbuttoned Dean’s shirt and pulled it off him, unbuckled his belt and pulled his slacks down, lifting a leg at a time and letting Cas take his shoes and socks off as the pants were pulled off.  Cas reached over and slapped Dean’s ass again, rubbing and squeezing his cheeks, massaging them and slapping them again.  Dean spread his legs wider, his cock aching for release, soaking the panties.
Dean moaned into the pillow.
Dean smiled sleepily at him.  “What do you think?”
Dean broke out into a sweat before he even touched it.  He had meant to come look for an extra duvet for one of the hunters, and the light had been on in the ensuite, and there it was.
Dean rolled the large sized condom over the snowglobe, testing the plastic to see if it was too thin.  It was pretty thick, and he lubed it up really well and laid back, trying to relax.  He could fit it up there, he knew he could, it was just a matter of angles.
Dean nearly jumped out of his skin.  “Jesus, Cas, I thought you were asleep!”
Raphael smirked.  Damn him and his near clairvoyance.  But Cas loved him for it.
“Cas, no time,” Dean moaned, “just put it in me.”
Dean:  Are you a douchebag?
“Can I help you with anything, sir?”
“Wait, Cas!”  Dean hopped out of the car and went after him.  “Just wait!”  Cas dropped his head in surrender and turned back to Dean, his face stoic.
“Oh fuck!” Cas looked down at his come-covered clothing, his limp cock laying against his still-clothed thigh, and Dean who was cleaning up and quickly working his clothing back on.  He seemed content, unbothered by the fact they had just fucked when he was probably not supposed to do that while working.
He took the anus-shaped fleshlight out of the black bag, cutting it out of its plastic packaging, along with a new bottle of lube.  He bought the big one, knowing he’d go through it in a week.
Dean was flailing an arm toward his bedside table blindly, grunting as Cas sucked him, his breathing coming out in small gasps.
“Okay, we can ride back now, if you really really want to.”  Cas was doing a terrible job at keeping a straight face, and Dean had enough.
Dean groaned.  “Everything was fine, I mean, we’re all alive, still on the lookout for Michael, but can’t we just have five fucking minutes where someone doesn’t go MIA?”
“Yeah, I guess,” Dean mumbled.
It was in the automotive section where he got his idea for his next video.  Sure, he felt a little guilty for shoplifting the black satin and lace panties, but he was a man on a mission to make a video, and the thought of thousands of orgasms around the world happening because of what he was doing, fueled his fire.
“Especially since your skills include doing amazing things to my ass, yeah, they are a good thing to have.”
Dean sucked in a breath.
“I love you too, always have,” Cas replied, trying not to leap out of bed and ravish the hunter a fourth time.
“Do you like my shirt?” He asked, pinning Dean with a exaggerated stare.  He rubbed his nipples, pursing his lips.  Finally Dean broke, throwing his head back and laughing openly.  Cas grinned at him in satisfaction, sitting back in his seat, winking at Dean.  “Yeah, you love it.”
The pressure of the head of Cas’s cock popping through the ring of muscle was intense, but Dean breathed through it and Cas watched him carefully as he slowly slid in.  Cas wasn’t kidding!  He felt so much bigger than the plugs, but the heat and smoothness of his flesh was so much better, Dean could feel Cas throb inside him, going slow as to not hurt Dean, but also Cas seemed to be struggling not to come.
“Fuck,” Cas stared wide-eyed as a pearl of precome welled to the tip of Dean’s cock, and he slipped his finger in and out, loving the way it seemed gobble him up and not want him to pull out, but go deeper.  He obliged, looking up to watch Dean’s half lidded gaze as he slowed his hips down to a lazy roll to accommodate the movement of Cas’s finger.
He moaned and threw his head back as the hard metal breached his muscle.  He loved how hard it was, how unlike flesh it felt, and pumped it in and out.  The metal was smooth and went in deep easily, the coldness making him shiver. His cock throbbed in its confines, so he shifted it slightly so it peeked out of the top of the panties, but kept his hands off of it.
Cas’s face was flushed with shame and exertion.
Dean:  Guess I’m going to head back to the Roadhouse and see if Aaron is there.  Maybe he’d like to hang out.
She visibly relaxed.  “Oh thank goodness, I thought you were a cop- I mean, you kind of dress like a cop.”
“Yeah,”  Cas replied, dumbfounded.  Who knew it would take getting his dick stuck in something to get Dean to touch it?  He should have done this years ago.
He practically inhaled his meal, forgetting about his ass for the time being.  He pushed his plate away and leaned back in the booth, eyes widening when the plug announced its presence again, rolling against his prostate firmly.  He made an abrupt groan, and turned it into a cough, but the coughing made him clench around the intrusion, making everything worse.
“Yeah, that’s my plan,” Dean stood awkwardly and nearly ran to his room.
“Maybe.  I don’t know.  Yeah.”  Admitting it out loud felt kind of good.  He went on to tell Raphael the entire story, from the kiss to the argument, while liquor inventory was completed and they moved to the stockroom.
“Is this what you want, Dean?” he asked doubtfully, “My cock inside you?  Will that help?”
Next to him, Cas mumbled something.
Cas shot up, hitting his head on the door frame of the car as he twisted in his seat to see who was there.  He froze, panties over his nose, his dilated eyes shiny and glazed, his hand still moving over his cock, too close to his orgasm to stop.  His eyes widened as Dean strode closer, letting his robe fall open, revealing his cock, throbbing and already starting to leak.  Cas’s eyes locked on his after sweeping over his body, and he released his cock gracefully just as Dean sank his lips over the silky flesh, arching his hips up as he came, the hotness of it hitting the back of Dean’s throat as he swallowed around Cas, sucking it down.  Cas cried out, hands thrust into Dean’s hair, holding him still as Dean sucked the last few drops from Cas’s cock.
Suddenly his cock was
Cas:  Naomi is ranting at me currently, so not yet.
Cas sighed loudly and flopped down in the chair in the center of the room.  It was the supposed seat of honor, but Cas didn’t feel the least bit honored to be there.  He was 24 hours away from making a huge mistake- getting married to a woman that reminded him too much of his mother.
“Not before we drive it around though, right?”  Dean grinned at Cas, finally getting a smile out of him.
*******
Well,
“I'm sure you’ll need more than a minute,” Cas smiled sweetly,  “but I have some plans for you.”
He realized he already had his hand down his pants, fondling his balls and stroking himself lightly while thinking about it.
Most of the day had passed without a text from Cas.  Not that he was waiting by his phone or anything.  Dean guessed he should should be the one who reached out...but he was pretty embarrassed about the stuff he’d said the night before.  Maybe he could wait until the nighttime- a day of video games and last-minute shopping with Sam would keep him busy.  It was Christmas Eve and Cas was probably...what did rich guys do for Christmas Eve?
“Yeah,” Sam said, squinting at the screen.  “They can take the form of humans and can survive in underground lairs like the sewer system or subway lines.”
“Dean,” Cas whispered.  “It’s okay if you don’t want to do anything, we can just cuddle or put clothes back on, or whatever you want.”
In the card, in Cas’s fancy script was, “Dean, I was in town today and saw this and thought of you.  Enjoy.  -Cas”
“No,” Cas said sadly, “he is heterosexual.  We are just friends.  He has, in fact, referred to me as his brother.”
Holy shit i posted this fic a whole year ago, and didn't realize I never posted the rest!
When he’d calmed down, he carefully removed the plug, washed up and redressed.   He rescued the soaked panties from the bathroom counter, and put them in the pocket of his bathrobe, and returned to his room.  It was within minutes that he was dressed and laying the very wrecked panties on Cas’s bed.  He smirked and left the room.
He closed his eyes, listening to Cas’s steps retreating downstairs, out the door, and the BMW revving its engine.  There was a squeal of tires and then quiet.
Something was eating at him- maybe if he went back to the motel and jerked off, he could clear his head.  He’d been feeling off, sorta sporting a half-woody since the Love Shack.
Cas was already pouncing, covering Dean with his whole body, pressing him firmly down, hissing in his ear.
“Are you going to keep seeing Aaron?”  Cas was looking down at his hands.
“Cas, you in there?”  Dean’s voice sounded troubled.
Cas had a serious talk with himself as he walked the short distance to the suite.  He had to be very careful about this situation- Dean was in a vulnerable state, and he couldn’t take advantage of that.  He’d treat it carefully, and offer assistance if asked.
He thought about Cas finding him-
Cas:  No darling- I plan to erase these messages, except for your first ones.
“It’s been very useful to him,” Cas said, tilting his head, “but I am having my own sort of issue.”
They were walking through the tenocology department when Dean got an idea.  He went over to the discount bin and started rummaging around.  He held up his find triumphantly.  Thank god a rural Walmart would be the most likely place to find obsolete technology.
Cas licked his lips.  He could smell the man in front of him, cedar, ocean, musk, and watched greedily as a small bead of sweat worked its way down his torso as he undulated his hips to the music. Cas struggled not to lean over and taste it.
?  Yeah, that’s it.  Fuck, JT is hot, even when he’s being a whiny bitch.”
There was an unfamiliar BMW parked behind Dean’s normal spot by the curb. He got out of the Impala and walked around the car.  It was definitely the newest model, so either someone was in the house with their parents, or somebody got a new car for Christmas.  Dean grinned.  Maybe they’d take him on a ride.
Cas laughed, kissing Dean again, deepening it, but keeping it slow, deliberately drawing it out until they got hard again.  Cas pulled away the blanket and looked down at Dean
“I think I need to go make you a sandwich or something,” Cas said, kissing Dean’s shoulders and back, “because I’m finding it difficult to keep from penetrating you.”
Cas was waiting for him in the library holding his truck keys.  His eyes widened as he watched Dean walk across the room toward him.  Dean swore that Cas’s eyes grew with every step he took.
Dean waited, remembering to not take things at face value, let Cas talk before leaping to the wrong conclusion.
He moaned and pinched his nipples, his mind wandering the length of the car, wondering if there was a jack handle in the truck.  It wouldn’t be larger than the shift knob though.
“You are a hunter.”  Cas pulled a bunch of paper towels out of the dispenser and wiped at the mess carefully.
Cas snorted and opened the car door, standing with effort.  “You didn’t seem worried when you made me leave the bunker.”
Dean turned and regarded his best friend, snuggled down in the bed, now with his face buried into Dean’s pillow.  How did he deserve this unfailing loyalty?  How could Cas so easily forgive him?
Dean:  Is this when you threaten my life if I break his heart, you’ll break my face, etc?
Dean was still murmuring sweetly, little moans, as his fingers found where the two were connected, touching Cas’s heated flesh and his own rim with curious fingers.
“I am very large, Dean, I do not want to hurt you.  I assure you, this stretching is for your own good.”
“Is this like a thing?”  Dean asked, head lolling to the side.
Dean shrugged and allowed Sam to feel his forehead with the back of his hand.
It was New Year’s Eve, and Cas wanted to kiss someone at midnight.  That someone was Dean Winchester, and even if they were mad at each other, even if they hated each other, he was going to get Dean to come over and kiss him.  Somehow.
Dean heard the line over and over, in Cas’s deep gravelly voice, as he slowly opened his pants, pulling them down to his knees and sitting back against his headboard.  His boxer briefs came down as well, and he ended up kicking them completely off.  Then his shirt came off over his head.
When presents were opened, paper and ribbons cleared up, and pancakes eaten, Dean went to grab his phone.  He’d left it on his bed on purpose- he knew he’d get distracted checking it all morning.
“Nothing,” he responded quickly, “just yeah.  Good for you.  Dean’s in his room.”
“Yeah Cas,” Dean sighed happily, pulling them closer together.
Thoughts of the shower lead to thoughts of Cas.  Dean had tried his very hardest to keep Cas off his mind, but he’d find himself throughout the day wondering how he was.  He groaned. Now he was probably just going to lay there and think about Cas.
Dean laughed and threw off the blanket, the chill air feeling fantastic on his overheated, slick skin.  Cas looked back into his eyes.  It sent a jolt through him, the care and affection he saw there.  Dean rolled his hips, eliciting a hiss from Cas, whose eyes darkened and filled with hunger.  Dean grinned, rolling Cas to his back and straddling his thighs.  Cas’s hands moved to Dean’s hips, and Dean scooted up so Cas’s cock lined his ass crack and ground down once, twice, Cas pressing back and gasping loudly.
Cas had to get out of there, he had to go somewhere to think.  To calm down from this rut.  Before he hurt Dean.
“Cas, I uh...I got nothing.”  Dean was so busted.  There was no getting out of what he had done with Cas standing there watching when Dean would have to pull the globe out of his ass.
It had started a few months ago when Dean was feeling particularly horny after a hunting trip with Cas, and it had been too long since he’d ventured into town to pick up a woman, so he decided internet porn was on the menu. If he was being honest with himself, women in bars no longer did it for him.  He felt too old- the girls in their 20’s made him cringe- all he could think about was what had happened to them in their lives that they though fucking an old dude like him would make them happy.  And the older women never bought any of his bullshit pickup lines.  It was just easier to stay home and jerk off.
“Ungh,” Dean grunted as Cas pressed at his hole, massaging little circles, pleased to feel Dean’s hole loosen almost right away- he’d either stretched himself or was a practiced bottom.
Dean looked terrified.  “You mean he could still be in here?” He clutched his arms and squeezed himself, looking around the room as if Michael would pop out like a horror movie monster and swallow him whole.
He withdrew the bottle and laid it with the wrench.  He picked up the mallet and showed it to the camera, grabbing the lube and eyeing it.  He rolled on his stomach and crawled the rest of the way up the hood on his knees, wiggling his lube-dripping asshole at the camera as he positioned the mallet in its head, the handle standing straight up.  After a cursory swipe of lube, he rose to his knees and positioned his hole above the handle and slowly lowered himself onto it.  He moaned and cried out as the blunt and wide handle pushed into him, the rubber feeling different from both the metal and plastic.  It made him feel so full!  He rode it in short thrusts, still not ready to come, considering turning around to face the laptop so the audience would see his cock when he came, when he spied something in the cab of the truck that made him pause.
“Get up, you son of a bitch,” he whispered furiously.  Cas grinned and stood, still blocking Dean from standing as he took his time paying the waitress for their meal.  Dean was livid.
He flopped down on his bed, wondering if he had time to rub one out before his nap.  It always made him sleep better.  He could always have a go at it in the shower.
“I’m pretty sure it would be weird for me to say it to anyone.”
There was always things Cas was doing that had Dean going to his room and quickly looking at straight porn.  Especially after hunting with the angel.  Something about how they moved as a unit, reading each other’s minds, playing off each other’s looks, conquering as one.  It didn’t work like that with anyone else, including Sam, and they were hunting together for years before Cas came along.
“No, wait-” Dean’s hand shot out on its own and wrapped around Cas’s left bicep.  “Do you need a ride home or anything?”  The strong muscle under his grip stiffened.
“Have you and he been engaging in sexual activities?”
Dean woke first, a bit sweaty and sticky, and he peeled himself off of Cas’s front and stumbled to the bathroom. He shut the door quietly and turned on the light, catching his reflection in the mirror.
The woman who had been laughing with Cas before Dean came in approached.  Dean saw a name tag similar to Cas’s on her shirt saying ‘Nora’.
“Hmm.  Kinda warm.  You feeling alright?”
Dean:  LOL you don’t sound so bad
They returned to the library, Dean trailing the group, still avoiding Cas’s eyes.  Rowena pointed to a couch and motioned for Dean to lie down.  He stared at her.
“Who’s Jo?”
Dean felt excitement build in his gut.  Cas liked him?  Was that possible?
Dean:  Oh I see.  Was he the one that got away?
Dean reached around and grasped Cas’s cock and pushed it against his still wet hole until Cas moaned and slid back into Dean’s heat.  It was impossibly tight at that angle, and Dean moaned and hissed as Cas rolled his hips smoothly.  It was slower and less frantic than before, but the build up was perfect and intense.
Ellen sighed and crossed her arms.  “Well, I guess that’s close as it gets.  You can’t help being the man’s man that you are, I reckon.  Just know, you can go do some heartbreaking of your own too.”
“Of course I didn’t! Gabe said, ‘give him whatever he wants, don’t spare the extras’, and he gave me a bunch of money.  I was down to fuck, if it was what you wanted, ‘cause I saw your pic on Insta, and Gabe swore you had a huge cock?  How was I supposed to say no to that?  I had no fucking clue you were getting married!”
“No!  No, actually we do anything after that-  Wait, why do you care?”
Mom opened her present from Uncle Bobby- then wouldn’t show them what he gave her.  Sam yelled, ‘ew!, and Dean looked back at Mary in shock.  She didn’t deny anything, but told them to mind their own damn business with a smile and light blush on her face.  Hm.  Who’d a thought it?
“Dean, I should warn you-”  There was no time to say anything else before Dean swung the door open and entered the room.
“What are you doing, jackass?”  He waved at the driver, yelling out, “hey!”  The truck stopped.
Dean hissed and pushed back, making Cas’s finger go deeper.  “More, I can handle more,” Dean moaned.
Cas smiled and thrust his tongue in again, loving the way Dean pushed back and whimpered for more.  Cas let go of Dean’s hip and reached up to stick two fingers in Dean’s mouth.  Dean sucked them greedily, swirling his tongue around them and moaning.  Cas took them back and pressed his middle finger against Dean’s hole, licking and kissing around it as he did.  Dean’s hole clenched then relaxed, allowing Cas to slide it in neatly, up to the second knuckle with ease.  Cas’s dick throbbed when he pictured Dean doing this to himself, opening himself up as he masturbated, twisted in his sheets, begging to be penetrated.
Diamond’s voice was deep and beautiful- she was the only one of the drag queens who didn’t lip sync.  Cas jumped up and started clapping with the rest of the crowd when the beat started.  Dean was grinning so hard and playing along, clutching his heart as if it were broken, trying to stand as if to beg Diamond to take him back, and falling back into the chair when she pushed him away.  It was really quite funny, and the crowd was going wild.
“You’re still wearing the panties?”
Dean started stroking firmly, making a tunnel with his fist and simulating a tight asshole, the way Cas often fantasized about when he pleasured himself when thinking of Dean.  He wanted to fuck Dean so badly, hold him down and fuck him, maybe tie him up and fuck him until he couldn’t sit down for a week.
Cas motioned at the still smeared wall.  “Not just yet.  I have to clean the bathroom.”
Cas shook his head.  They both knew the answer to that: yes, yes Gabe would lie to Cas, he did it all the time.  Usually under the guise of ‘brotherly help’.  But it was really just interference for the sake of his own amusement, and often at Cas’s expense.
Dean:  Same to you
Dean:  Can you talk?
He glanced back just in time to see Charlie reach over and shut Dean’s mouth for him and push him toward the bar.  Amusing.  He was feeling buzzed and a bit full of himself.  Tonight could be fun, after all.
“Can I ride you?” Dean asked, already kneeling  up and holding Cas erect so he could push him back into his hole.  Cas smiled up at him, his perfect human, and nodded.  He folded his hands behind his head and watched as Dean put on a show for him.
Dean laughed, throwing back his head, and Cas’s stomach flipped again.  He stood up and pulled Cas with him.  They took the stairs hand in hand, and Cas felt hopeful for the first time in his life.
Cas chuckled.  “You will always and forever have me after this, Dean.  I will never make you wait, I swear.”
Cas stood and pulled Dean to a standing position.  He dropped to his knees and pulled the red panties to the side and sucked Dean’s flagging erection into his mouth.  Dean shuddered and barely saved himself from falling over.  The tightness of Cas’s throat around him and the plug pushing on the edge of his prostate in the standing position was so good.  Cas pushed him on his back on the bed and continued to suck his cock and pushed Dean’s thighs open further.
Cas looked down at his penis, which was now about three times its normal size.  He just glared back at her as she and Sam stepped by him and into the hotel room.  Sam shut the door and looked to Rowena for help.  She rolled her eyes at him and addressed Cas.
His cock was leaking, and he moved the panties down and hooked them behind his balls, watching himself in the mirror rock back and forth, undulating his hips against the mattress.  His dick bounced as he moved, and he glanced at the empty chair across the room, wishing he could show off how good he looked to someone.  It was a shame Cas didn’t stay to see what he was doing-
He flopped down on his bed, wondering if he had time to rub one out before his nap.  It always made him sleep better.  He could always have a go at it in the shower.
“Hello, Dean,” he said awkwardly.
Cindy whistled low when she saw the pic of Dean leaning on a door frame.  The sun was lighting him from behind, and it was Cas’s favorite picture.  She began to scroll backwards and her mouth fell open.
Cas blushed. “I want to remember what he looks like sometimes.  He...was kidnapped and  gone for several months and we didn’t know where he was.  It was very helpful to get through that time to have photos of him.  But he’s home now, and I want to get him a gift...something that will make him happy.”
The walk down the hall reminded him exactly how large the plug felt.  It was comfortably situated inside him, pressing and rubbing his prostate with every step. His cock took notice, so he had to adjust himself, and button his flannel to cover the bulge.  It worked well- this wasn’t the first time he’d had an inappropriate boner.
Dean froze.
He didn’t have enough battery to post or watch, but he had enough to email for help.
“Cas, where are you?”  he wondered aloud, “Please come back, I need you.”
Dean froze.
“Of course, Dean, I understand that you’re weakend now, and you need rest to catch up with me,” He said loftily, hoping Dean would take the bait.
“Jesus, Cas, you scared the hell out of me!”  Sam clutched his chest.
“Fuck,” he grunted.
There was a gasping noise, and Dean saw the top of a head of messy brown hair in the cab of Cas’s truck.
Cas:  No darling- I plan to erase these messages, except for your first ones.
Cas:  This is Cassie’s friend, Balthazar, and poor Cassie is already asleep.  Too much fun too early ;)
Dean huffed a laugh, his breath hot on Cas’s erection.  It twitched in his hand, and pre-come dribbled out.  Dean automatically lapped it up.  It was bitter, a little different from his own, but not bad.  He lapped at it again, swirling his tongue around the crown, glancing up at Cas, who had propped himself on his elbows to watch.
Dean:  I got back early.  What r u up too?
It was strangely domestic, being the only two in the bunker, making supper.
“Com’on, Cas, fuck me!”  He whined impatiently.
Dean snorted.  “So?  I’ve never needed powers.”
“Nothing,” Dean replied immediately, still pretty bad at the whole relationship communication thing.
“Dean,” Cas growled, “kindly shut up and figure out a way to help or get out.”
“Don’t mention it to him, it’s meant to be a surprise.”
Dean:  Do all rich guys have names like Balthazar and Castiel?  :D
Cas sighed.  “I know he likes to penetrate himself anally, that much is clear- but as I am what would be referred to as a ‘top’, I don’t know what would be appropriate.”  He picked up a large purple plug and looked at the man on the box.  He sort of looked like Dean.
Cas hit the bluetooth button on the steering wheel.  “Call Diamond.”
Dean furrowed his brow and read the sentence again.
He met Bobby in the hallway.
“Do you have a condom?”  Cas asked, trying to think of the last time he’d seen some around Gabe’s house.
It took a moment in his bedroom to get them on, then he headed to the guest room so he could spread out.  He closed the door and kept the light off, turning on the bathroom light for a little ambiance.
But Cas dipped in a kissed him there instead.  Dean cried out and clenched down, his cock growing impossibly harder, and kept his hands away.  Cas would take care of him, he knew it.  He said he trusted him, and he did.
Cas’s eyes flashed and his lips stayed parted and red from being bitten, his eyeliner making his eyes stand out, bright and focused beneath half-lidded eyes.
But then, of course, so was the giant display of dildos lining the wall behind Cas’s counter where he stood.
“Wha?” Dean asked, turning toward him, wiggling closer until he was tucked under Cas’s chin.
Every day, Cas was grateful Dean had walked into that room and nervously kissed him.
Dean smirked. “You hit the mark.  You look…”  Dean’s eyes roved over Cas’s form.  He tried not to purr and arch like a cat.  It was a near miss.
Dean:  Cause I’d like to be friends with you.  I like hanging out with you and stuff
struck up and the house lights fell, a spot hitting Ms. Larue and Dean.
Cas moaned louder, thrusting up into his hand.  Dean was out in clear view now, and he saw that the tools had been put away and the come cleaned off the floor.  The light in the truck brightened and Cas held up his free hand, pressing something to his nose and mouth, inhaling deeply.
Dean snorted and rolled his eyes.  “I won’t get hurt, just put it in me already.”
“This is not you, man,” Dean pleaded. “You are above this.  Come on.”
“Fuck,” Dean whispered, cold sweat popping out all over his body.  He ran his hand over his cock, liking the way the satin felt on his skin.  He turned over and lowered himself into a sitting position, forcing the plug a little deeper.  He rocked his hips, moaning loudly when he felt it press his prostate.  He could probably come from just rocking back and forth.
Cas snorted and pulled at Dean’s blankets until they were both under them.  He spooned around Dean’s back and lightly ran his fingers over Dean’s skin, still in shock that he could touch him so much.  Dean wiggled when Cas’s touch tickled him, and he burrowed back, Cas cock nestling in Dean’s crevice.  Cas wondered how long Dean needed before they could have sex again.
“Um, I, uh…” Cas stopped and smiled.  “Yes.  I am very glad.  I apologize for the noise.”
Cas looked so good like that.  Dean inched closer.  Cas was about to come by the look of it, and Dean wanted to see it happen.
Dean moaned at the drag of Cas’s cock inside him.  The uncomfortable stretch hurt so good, and the stretch feeling was replaced by pleasure and fullness and he swore he could feel every vein and wrinkle in cas’s cock as he pushed into him.  Dean wiggled and pushed until Cas had him back up on all fours, grabbing his hips and thrusting hard.
“Cas...lube-  ungh, oh, fuck, yeah-  in the drawer-”
Dean laughed as Cas stood in a flash and flew them directly to their bed, much as he had when they mated so many months ago.
“I missed you,” he whispered against Cas’s lips, not quite touching.  The tension seemed vibrate in that small space, crackle like lightning, and Cas made the final distance, pressing his mouth firmly to Dean’s, the contact pulling a moan from his throat.
Cas fell forward, boxing Dean in as he rubbed his still spurting cock against Dean’s.  Dean moaned and pulled Cas flush against him in the mess, not caring about it, but suddenly needing Cas’s mouth against his own, and Cas smiled against his lips, dipping into his mouth with a confident tongue.  Dean melted further into the mattress, wrapping his wobbling legs around Cas and holding him there, wondering what it would be like to have Cas push his cock deep inside of him, pounding into him, fucking him until he was jelly.
The bunker being busy was just so strange.  It reminded him of when he was chosen by the angels to lead an army against Metatron, and it made him a bit edgy.  There were still several hunters that regarded him with distrust, but for the most part, they had accepted him much the way they had Jack.  Cas was grateful for Jack’s presence in the bunker; it had given him a sense of purpose while Dean was away.
Dean shook a finger at Cas.  “Nope, go brush your teeth and pee.  I’m just going to lie here and think dirty thoughts while you’re gone.”
He stood, purposefully yawning and stretching under Cas’s watchful blue eye peeking out of the blankets.  Cas’s eye roamed over him, pausing and widening at the tent created in the front of Dean’s pajama pants.  Dean smirked and adjusted his dick a little. Maybe more than necessary.  Well, he was kind of rubbing himself while Cas watched.
Cas chuckled again, his palms now rubbing circles on Dean’s ass cheeks, spreading them wider, exposing his hole to the cool air.  He shuddered.
Ellen snorted, snapping her rag at him.  “Don’t let your macho bullshit run your life.  It’s okay to like poetry and be poetic.  It’s okay to watch chick flicks.  Quit telling yourself you’re a pussy for liking those things.  It wasn’t true when John said it, it isn’t true now.  Tell your brain to fuck off and go get you some love.  Nothing wrong with it.”
And it wasn’t a problem until he found his AC/DC shirt.
It felt like a knife plunged into Dean’s guts.  “Okay, I deserve that, it was a shitty thing to do.  But I had my reasons, and I told you that.”
Dean chuckled.  “Me too.  You can go first.”
Cas pulled out and flipped him to his back, putting Dean’s legs onto his shoulders and pushing back in.  Dean watched Cas’s face, eyes drooping and dark, his lips set in a firm line, like a man on a mission.  He was rolling his hips, brushing Dean’s prostate, and Dean was lost in sensation.  He clenched around Cas to feel it more, make it tighter.  Cas groaned an laughed darkly when he did, and Dean grinned up at him.
Dean squeezed him tighter.  “I’m scared too.  This feels big.  I know that sounds stupid, but it does.  I can’t get you out of my head, not since you kissed me at the party.  It’s not just that I want to bone you, well, cause yeah I do, but it’s like all the other stuff too.  I want to be with you.  Can we try that?”
Cas:  Not a problem.  Just so you know, I think Cassie really fancies you
“I wanna be your backdoor man,” Dean crooned, finally placing a lubed thumb on top of Cas’s furrled hole.  Cas groaned, from the corniness of the lyric or the pleasure, Dean didn’t know.
I'll post it soon
Cas got up and knelt between Dean’s legs, swatting both his hands out of the way.  He looked Dean square in the eye as he sucked two fingers in his mouth and wet them, using his right hand to administer too light of a teasing touch to Dean’s cock.  Dean moaned and arched up again as Cas pressed them to his slightly puffy hole, rubbing in a slow circle.
“Calling Diamond.”  Siri repeated.
Cindy turned the phone around and showed Cas the pic Jack had taken at the diner in Waco, Texas of he and Dean.  They were sitting shoulder to shoulder in the booth, both laughing.  Dean was looking at Cas, his face open and happy.  “Yeah, that’s one of my favorites...our son took that photo.”
Dean’s eyes went wide as the crowd whistled and cheered and he let himself be pulled up on the stage.  Cas smirked back at Diamond when she tipped him a wink.
Dean sat up and motioned for Cas to sit.  Cas flopped down next to Dean, sitting against the headboard shoulder to shoulder.  They weren’t quite touching, but Dean could feel Cas’s sleep-warm skin from inches away.
Rowena clicked her tongue and placed a hand on Dean’s fevered head.  Sam had called her as soon as they had returned to the bunker, needing help to identify the substances that spilled on Dean.  She said it was at least two potions, and they needed to get him cleaned off before she could assess the damage.  Cas and Rowena were left in the library while Sam helped Dean into the shower.  There was silence while Rowena shuffled through her bag for something and Cas fiddled with the page of a book sitting on the table.
Cas lapped at Dean’s hole. Running a pointed tongue around his rim, pressing and pressing until the muscle relaxed enough to push the tip in.
“Castiel, you have left Dean in quite a state.  Return at once and mate him, or there will be dire consequences!”  She flicked her manicured fingers at the angel restraints and they easily fell open.
The were heading to Dean’s mom’s for the weekend so Cas could meet them.  Dean had tried so hard not to build it up, but Cas knew Dean was as nervous as he was. Cas knew it would be fine, any woman who could produce such a fine man as Dean was alright in Cas’s book.  He also couldn’t wait to meet Jo and Ellen, and hang out in a rural gay bar.  Sounded really cool.
Fuck!  He needed to turn his brain off.  He swallowed another three fingers of Glen Mckenna and set his tumbler down.
Dean glowered at him and reached an arm out to be pulled into a standing position.  The abrupt move upward and the friction of his jeans against his dick coupled with Cas’s body suddenly so close made him gasp, and he moaned loudly and blew his load in his jeans, clutching to Cas to keep from falling over.  The waves of the orgasm went on for forever, and Cas simply held Dean up as he came, snorting with laughter.
“This is Agent Lee Ermey,” he said when he answered.
Dean scrolled back through the messages and reread everything.  Cas liked him?  Fuck, he felt stupid.  He’d told a guy that liked him about getting a handjob from some random dude.  That was messed up.
Cas huffed a laugh, running his hands through his hair and plucking at the tight see-through black long sleeve shirt he wore.  It was pretty unlike him, but maybe that’s what he needed.  He’d gone to a designer store in town, and let a younger sales girl pick out his clothes.  He’d said he wanted to dress ‘gay sex machine,’ and she had clapped her hands in delight and started pulling clothing from the shelves.  He ended up with the shirt, a pair of black jeans that were so tight they left little to the imagination, and black suede boots.  It was so far different from his usual.  It felt scary and exhilarating at the same time.  Maybe he would fuck some rando tonight, instead of playing Dancefloor Avenger.
“Yes,” Cas drawled.
Raphael smirked.  Damn him and his near clairvoyance.  But Cas loved him for it.
Dean was mumbling into his pillow and gasping every time Cas pushed his tongue to his hole, until finally Cas stopped teasing and swirled around Dean’s rim, pointing his tongue and pressing in, just a tiny bit.
Cas squinted.  “That’s your assessment?  That I must have taken a drug, not that I shouldn’t have stuck my penis in this...thing?”
Cas leaned back and let Dean do all the work, content to watch the man fuck himself fully hard again on Cas’s cock.  He was pretty well-endowed, he knew that, but knowing he could get this man so hard again so quickly made him feel powerful.
“That good?”  Dean asked hopefully.  Cas had definitely had more experience than Dean, so he hoped his was at least half as satisfied as Dean felt.  For Dean, it was no contest.  That was the best sex he’d ever had.
Cas’s eyes took a leisurely journey over the man’s form, drinking in his sandy brown hair, his tan skin, and his freckles- which suddenly he could see a lot more of, now that he’d removed his shirt by ripping the buttons open.  All Cas’s friends were whooping and yelling, apparently loving the show.  But Cas could barely hear them as the man turned and bent over and touched the floor, his tight shorts working into his ass crack under Cas’s lustful eye.
Diamond’s voice was deep and beautiful- she was the only one of the drag queens who didn’t lip sync.  Cas jumped up and started clapping with the rest of the crowd when the beat started.  Dean was grinning so hard and playing along, clutching his heart as if it were broken, trying to stand as if to beg Diamond to take him back, and falling back into the chair when she pushed him away.  It was really quite funny, and the crowd was going wild.
“Are you in the mood for supper?” Cas plucked the used condom from Dean’s fingers and tossed it in the trash.  “I would like hamburgers, is that okay?”
“I used to think about you wearing them, Dean.”
“Mmmfph,” Dean grumbled.  He felt like a million degrees, but was freezing.  His teeth chattered a little.  He really must be coming down with something.  Maybe Rowena would have something to cure a cold.  Oh yeah, that’s right, Rowena must be there by now.
“Yes.  I had to keep the angels off my tail, so to speak, and this wards them from being able to track me.”  He dropped the damp towel over the back of the chair.  “There’s a lot you don’t know about me anymore, Dean.  I’m different.”
Dean tried to think of a way to ask, maybe
Cas:  That seems nice.
Dean felt Cas’s mind slide into his as the angel spoke, and he grinned as Cas’s pupils quickly dilated.
“I’m glad you liked it,” Dean smiled up at him, already wondering when he could get it up again.  He was itching to be filled, he guessed his true destiny was to bottom for Cas.
Cas had a pair of red satin panties in his pack.  The kind with no crotch.
Dean sighed and stood, tying off the condom and tossing it into a nearby wastebasket.  Cas chuckled, thinking about Gabe finding it there and how hilarious that would be.  Served him right for-
“I’d say about an hour.”  Sam fidgeted.  “Okay, so here’s the deal.  I have absolutely no need to be around for...all this.”  He motioned at Dean’s crotch.  “Why don’t you just lock yourself in your room and take care of it, or something?”
“Day-um, sweetie, what have you got on,” Raphael was behind the bar, inventory sheet in hand when Cas walked in.  “I swear, you surprise me constantly.”  He shook his head and pulled a bottle of Glen McKenna down and got two tumblers.  Cas watched him pour three fingers for them each, smiling in amusement.  Raphael was dressed in a t shirt and jeans, crooked ball cap on his head.
He slathered his dick with lube and pressed the tip against the now loosened hole.  Cas took him so easily, and he moaned and clutched Cas’s hips as he allowed himself to sink in slowly.  It was hot and tight, and he could feel the pulse in his cock as he shuddered his way to being fully sheathed inside of Cas.
“Castiel, my love!  How are you?”
“There he is,” Dean smiled, leaning in for a kiss.  Cas was boneless, the most vulnerable he would ever be as an angel, only in the presence of his true mate.
Cas was sure he was dreaming.  He laughed and kissed Dean again.  “When I wake up hungover, can you tell me that again?”
Dean snorted and rolled his eyes.  “I won’t get hurt, just put it in me already.”
Dean rolled his eyes at that.  “Just because you fucked a dude, a stripper at that, don’t make you gay.”
“You asked for it,” Dean grinned happily.  He pulled out again, and slammed back in, repeating the motion as Cas cried out in pleasure.  Dean found a pace, moving slightly, trying to find the angle-
But if he mated Dean, Dean would be bound to him for eternity, even after he died.  Cas would follow Dean to Heaven, but only if Dean wanted him to.  And Cas knew he wouldn’t.  There was still a chance that Dean wanted to marry and have kids with a female human, so Cas couldn’t be stuck trailing along after him, having to watch Dean be happy with someone else.  He’d done it once before, watching Dean from afar with Lisa and Ben, and he refused to do it again.  It hurt too much to see Dean with anyone else.
Dean paced the kitchen floor, running over everything he’d done in the last several days, trying to pinpoint when he’d apparently crossed some sort of invisible line that ended with Cas leaving.
“So you’re sleeping here at the porn store?”
Dean chuckled and clucked his tongue.  “Not so fast, my sweet angel, I’m going to take you apart slowly, make you feel every inch of my lovin’.”
“Dean, did you say Ezekiel?”
Cas was stroking himself languidly, watching Dean’s face on the computer screen, a small secretive smile on his face.
He sighed.  He supposed he should give Dean some space, but the deadly nature of his situation made Cas want to stay close.  He walked back to his room and pulled open his bedside drawer.  The remaining anal plug was in there.  He hesitated, then picked it up, slipping it into his pocket.  There was a second box behind it, and he grabbed that as well.  Who knew what Dean would need?  He grabbed the lube for good measure.
“Weak as a human,” Cas finished for him.  “I know, and yes, I want that very much.”  Cas flopped face-first into the pillow, his ass rising slightly more, and placed both hands behind his back.
Dean:  Cause I’d like to be friends with you.  I like hanging out with you and stuff
He tried to tune back in on what Cas was saying.
He took Cas in hand and stroked his once, Cas’s hips leaving the bed as he arched in pleasure.
Cas opened his eyes from where he had started to drift off.  “So?  You face death all the time.”
He got into his room, slammed the door, unzipping and yanking himself free from his jeans and licking his palm and jerking himself quickly.  He came hard and fast, his ears ringing.
“I’m looking for a gift.  I’m not really sure what I’m looking for, there are so many to choose from.”
“Oh, so you just bang him when you go home, string the poor guy along.”  Dean was starting to get annoyed.  That Balthazar guy seemed pretty nice, even if he was texting from Cas’s bed.
His dick was thick and heavy in his pants, and he was unconsciously humping the air.
Cas walked to the end of the counter and cut open the new box with a quick, steady slice of a box knife.  He started pulling out packing materials and boxes of what looked like anal beads and butt plugs with fox tails attached to the ends.  Dean’s head felt like it was going to explode.  He followed Cas as he carried them to stock a shelf.
Everyone looked at him, eyebrows hitting their hairlines.
Dean:   I really didn’t mean to flirt, really
Cas nodded sharply.  “I’m on it.”
Cas:  I like hanging out with you and stuff too, Dean :)
), toys of all shapes and sizes lining the walls, and a section with racks of lacy and satiny undergarments.  Dean could feel his cheeks darken as his eyes met Cas’s again.  They looked grim.
“Hey, Sam.”
Dean smiled broadly, stepping close to Cas.  “Sure, thanks.  I really could use some meat- uh, I mean-” He stuttered, blushing, “I could use some protein.”
“Actually,” Cas said before she could walk away, “I’m a bit in over my head here.  Perhaps a suggestion?”
Dean wanted to punch himself.
stuck up and the house lights fell, a spot hitting Ms. Larue and Dean.
The night moved swiftly, the dance floor opening up for champagne and the countdown to midnight.  Dean and Cas were in the middle of the dance floor, already kissing when the ball dropped, lost in their own little world.
The stubborn look on Cas’s face didn’t budge as he carefully hung up the foxtails next to a selection of silk panties.  Dean’s eyes kept sliding over to them, noting the way the crotch was open on most of them.
It was the local Sheriff’s Deputy.  He explained that they’d found another body.  Dean said he’d be there shortly.
“You’re going to kill me,” Dean muttered, looking over at Cas as he started up his Baby and backed her out of the parking lot.
He nearly had a heart attack when Cas opened his door.
Dean suppressed a shudder.  He almost forgot how low and gravelly Cas’s voice was, especially unused from sleep.
“Then fuck me now.”  Dean pulled him into a hard kiss, teeth and tongues, dragging him on top again.  Dean pulled back a little.  “But I want your wings out.”
He bounded up the front steps and unlocked the door.  The house appeared quiet.  He shrugged, figuring someone must have just parked it there.  He brought up his bags to his room, a bit on the tired side.  The last week had been pretty emotionally exhausting.  Revisiting old memories did that to a guy.
“Should we check it out?”
Cindy snorted and handed the phone back.  “Uh, the B in LGBTQ stands for Bisexual, yet somehow people always forget that it’s a thing.  Maybe you should tell him how you feel.”
“Exactly what did you agree to do?”  Cas growled, narrowing his eyes and stuffing himself back into his pants and zipping up.
He had been watching Netflix one night, and he got a strange pop up notification on Dean’s laptop, and out of boredom, he clicked on it.  Of course, it was porn, but Cas watched it for a while, not being stimulated at all.  He opened a few more saved movies and came across a video of a man anally penetrating himself.  He figured Dean must have saved that one by mistake, but Cas had watched anyway.
and sat his computer on top of a cart pointed at the front of the truck.  He put his bottle of lube handy and laid a socket wrench, a new bottle of brake fluid with a long neck, and a rubber mallet with a long handle on a folded shop towel on the hood.  He hit record and leaned over the hood spreading his legs and pulling the panties aside, using his slick fingers to rub circles on his entrance.  It had been getting easier to put his fingers in as time went on, he figured it had to be muscle memory.  Dean pushed both fingers in at once, moaning for effect, and looking back over his shoulder to watch himself on the computer screen.
Cas’s truck was old as hell, but there was something about the manliness of it and the era it was made that did something to Dean.  He grabbed his socket set, turned on the tape player to Led Zeppelin’s
Dean nodded, seeing only stars before his eyes as the intense orgasm continued, wave after wave rippling his asshole around Cas’s thrusting fingers.  Cas sped his hand up, twisting and pressing into Dean’s prostate, harder and harder, until he suddenly let go of Dean’s cock, where it shot out an enormous load onto Dean’s stomach and rocketed him upward. He shouted out as the room went white and his ears rang with silence for what seemed like several minutes before Cas slid his fingers out, stroking Dean through the last spurts until he cringed in sensitivity.
EDIT:  the completed story is here:
I would also like to state that, at the moment, I am writing too fast and don't have a job right now, so no beta has been able to keep up with my manic, hyperactive, impulsive posting, so there's typos.  I'm sure there is.  And I apologize.  English is my first language, so it's pitiful.
A pang of guilt in Cas’s stomach reminded him that it was his fault, and his carelessness nearly had Dean killed.  Again.
going for sexy not sharp,” he drawled, wiggling his fingers at Dean.  If he was going twink tonight, he sure as hell was going to have fun with it.
“Don’t think too hard about it, Dean, I think I may have a good solution, but you’re not going to like it.  Is Crowley still imprisoned in the bunker?”
He snuck a hand into his lap and pressed the heel of his palm down on his erection, providing a little needed friction.  He moaned involuntarily, and the man turned back around and straddled his lap, sitting directly on his cock, twisting his hips and rubbing himself on Cas, smiling down at him with pouty lips and lust blown eyes.
Benny chuckled at Charlie’s stunned but gleeful look.  “Calm down sis, he only gets like this when he’s tore up drunk.  Starts speakin’ in ye olde English.  It’s hilarious.”
He stood up and wandered the edge of the room, picking up various objects until he paused at a very slender snow globe featuring the Empire State Building.  He shook it, causing the fake snow to swirl around.  The base was only three inches across, but it was about six tall.  His hand fit nicely around it….
Cas’s face turned bright red and he stormed out of the room.  Dean rubbed a hand down his face.  Stupid stupid stupid!  Why couldn’t he just keep his damn mouth shut?
Dean sighed and backed down.  “Fine, yeah I am.  Whatever, spoilsport.”
“Dean,” Rowena called through the door, “Are you quite well?”
Maybe it was a sign that they weren’t meant to be.  Maybe he should just chill out, maybe go with Benny and Charlie to the club and just meet people.  He might not be ready to find the love of his life.  He’d just figured out his sexuality, for fuck’s sake.
“Alright, shut up, Cas, you’re a real fuckin’ comdian.”  Dean tried to stomp off to the diner door, but the movement made him break out into a sweat.  He thought about going to the bathroom to remove the plug, but how would he clean up?  And carry it in his pocket?  And what, jerk off in the gross bathroom?
Chapter 5
Dean clapped his hands together.  “Attaboy!  I’ll get the car.”
Cas:  Of course.  He seems to like you quite a bit.
“I know, I found my shirt in your bag, I bet you think about me a lot.”
Dean grabbed Cas’s cock and tried to shove it in himself with his fingertips.  Cas moaned and gripped Dean’s hips and roughly pulled them into his lap, pushing in his cock with one swift movement.  It felt like heaven, and the heat and tightness of Dean pulled Cas away from his senses and he leaned into Dean and kissed him.
“You asshole,” Dean panted, standing on his own finally.  Cas shrugged and opened the bunker.  Dean hobbled past him, rushing to the showers to pull the damn thing out.  He was exhausted.
Dean took a deep breath and stepped up to the counter.
He knew that it had worked out for the best, but there was still so much shame he felt over losing his charge again.  And it was more than that, so much more, but there was nothing to be done about the way Cas felt- the Empty was very clear about that.
“It’s never simple,” Cas sighed, rubbing his forehead and cringing when he realized he had drying come on his hand still.  Dean snickered and Cas shot him a petulant scowl, which made Dean grin.  Fuck, that smile made him so beautiful.
Dean:  Oh, okay.  Can you tell him I tried to text him?
Cas’s brows rose in a worried gesture, and Dean realized he’d just been standing there, staring.  He smiled, embarrassed, and took off down the hall.  He didn’t dare look back to see if Cas was watching.
It only took seconds for Cas to come after him, but those seconds were long enough for Dean to realize he was speaking the truth, and as he felt Cas start to orgasm, he grabbed Cas’s come-covered fingers and sucked them into his mouth, licking his own semen off them, nearly deep-throating Cas’s fingers.  It was weird, but he wanted as much of Cas inside him as he could get.
“Oh Christ,” Dean whispered, closing his eyes, and feeling the blush creep across his face.
“Ah ha,” Dean held up the large bottle.  “This is a lot of lube, Cas, damn.”
Cas melted and huffed a breath against Dean, slipped his cock out with a hiss, and turned Dean so he could face him properly.
“I’m guessing that’s a no.  Well,” she said, taking the ice away, causing Dean to whimper.  “Angels of a higher class have been known to take a mate.  Oftentimes it is another angel, but in some rare cases, it’s a human.”
Dean’s stoic face started to crack.  He snorted, and Cas could tell he was holding back a laugh.  Cas wanted that laugh, coveted that laugh, would have that laugh.
Cas rolled his hips, sliding his shaft along until his cock caught on Dean’s still stretched hole.  “Maybe.”
They’d said their good nights, going their separate ways, but ended meeting in the hall minutes later, Dean dragging Cas to his bed, arranging his limbs until they were comfortable, and falling asleep from exhaustion.  The night had been so awesome, and Dean didn’t want it to end.
Cas was in a clam stasis, close to sleep, when he felt himself shrink down and slide from Dean.  There was a rush of fluids from Dean, and he heard the hunter chuckle as he untangled himself from Cas’s weakening grip.  Cas whimpered and made grabby hands as Dean disappeared into the bathroom.
Dean was naked, holding the larger plug.  He needed to get out of his head.
Cas’s eyes narrowed.  “You were making burgers anyway.”
“Fucking christ, that’s so hot,” Dean’s cock was already making a valliant effort at standing up again.
“Cas, I’m gonna come if you keep-”  Dean caught his breath, then Cas felt as his orgasm took him by surprise, Dean coming between their bellies, his hole clenching tightly as Cas nailed his prostate over and over, licking Dean’s neck.
“I said that would be acceptable,” Cas said calmly, his laser blue eyes never leaving Dean’s as he sipped his coffee.
“Just shut up and call her already!”  Dean had no idea why he was shouting, he just was.  He felt like his skin was crawling and his clothing felt too tight.  He needed Cas, needed to apologize for being such a perv and chasing him off.  Needed to just have him near, be able to smell him or something.  He shook his head, what was wrong with him?
“No, Dean,” Cas growled, making the hair on Dean’s arms rise.  “I’m not.  I failed at being a angel.  Everything I ever attempted came out wrong.  But here...at least I have a shot at getting things right.  I guess you can’t see it, but...there’s a real dignity in what I do- human dignity.”
“Good,” said Dean, with satisfaction.  “Know what else I’d like to try?  Putting that giant cock in my ass.  So hurry up and do that, please.”
The opening piano chords of
Cas:  Alas he was.  But it’s for the best.  He deserves someone like you.  Keep trying.
I'll update the tags, but this chapter has Cas/other dudes, so beware, but know in your heart that I will always bring together the boys at the end because I am a smooshy romantic and I believe in Destiel.
Dean couldn’t read him.   “Like Balthazar?”
God, that was so fucking hot.  He moved to the bed in front of the mirror and got on all fours and looked over his shoulder at himself.  His balls hung heavy, trying to escape the thong.  He moved the string aside and exposed his hole, already a little puffy from fingering himself.  He looked at the way the plug started at a point and gradually got bigger until it ended in a bulb and a flat end that would rest against his rim.  Would it fit in his ass?
Dean sighed.  He was fucking this up.  Why couldn’t he just not care and be normal?  Just sit here and be friends with Cas and not feel all possessive?
Dean stepped closer subconsciencely, lowering his voice.  “The girl.”
The opening piano chords of
“Well, Castiel,” Rowena said finally, a pointy little knowing look gracing her delicate features.  “You and Dean Winchester finally sealed the deal.”
Dean furrowed his brow and read the sentence again.
Cas just giggled.  “I guess I see what all the fuss is about.”
“I need too…” Dean’s face dropped and he looked down at his hands.  “I need to say I’m sorry.  For everything.  I...I know I had to do what I did to save Jack and kill Lucifer, but...I know it, uh, must have been a bitch for you to see that.  So, I’m sorry.”
If he wanted to be honest with himself, there was nothing sudden about it.
ask for, and it was so disturbing he had to back away.
Cas was naked in an instant, already on all fours like Dean had imagined.  It was one thing to see it in his imagination, but to have Cas looking over his shoulder at Dean, back bowed, hole exposed, knees spread, was another.
“Balthazar isn’t interested in me that way.  He’s not interested in anyone that way.”
Dean suppressed a shudder.  He almost forgot how low and gravelly Cas’s voice was, especially unused from sleep.
Cas caught him in a slow kiss, pulling him close, calming him.  Dean relaxed again.  It didn’t matter that Cas no longer had his grace, Dean still felt like they could win any battle together.  It felt like they would be alright, Sam and Kevin would be fine, and things were making more sense in Dean’s life than they ever had.
The smell of male arousal was strong in the air, and Cas hit the switch on vent fan before spraying the wall liberally.
Dean couldn’t read him.   “Like Balthazar?”
Cas spasmed and cried out as Dean stroked his prostate a little, chuckling at how the angel was pushing back with more effort.
“How slight?” Sam broke in.
Dean groaned and put his hand over his face from where he was hidden in the hallway.
And that meant only one thing:  fucking himself on anything he could find to put up his ass.
The guy in the video had only started to ride the dildo by then, and Cas watched as it disappeared in and out of him.  Cas’s cock throbbed again and he worked his fist over his cock, using his warm come as lubricant, and in seconds, he was coming again.  His boxers were a sticky mess, so he pulled the blankets off and yanked them down.  The cool air felt good, and he calmed down.  His dick was still hard, and he was still filled with desire, so he had paused the video and stripped bare.  He looked in Dean’s bedside drawer and found a bottle of lube.
Dean’s stoic face started to crack.  He snorted, and Cas could tell he was holding back a laugh.  Cas wanted that laugh, coveted that laugh, would have that laugh.
He nodded.  Ellen was so sweet.  Under all that gruffness, that was.  It was shocking that two old grumps like Bobby and Ellen could produce Jo- she was an angel.  An angel who could smite the shit out of you, but an angel.
The door shut and Dean dropped his towel.  He was already getting hard again, so he rummaged around for his bottle of lube and condoms.  He tried not to think about what was going to happen, lest he come before they even started.  Would Cas be okay with letting him bottom?  He got the impression that he’d be fine with it.  Dean grabbed a condom and shoved it and the lube under his pillow.  He spread out over the bed, debating hiding under the covers or faking bravado by posing GQ style, one knee up, propped on his elbow, like an awkward Glamour Shots model.  He remembered his vow to try and be more honest with how he felt, so he scrambled under the covers and pulled them up over his head, letting his toes stick out from the bottom.
“Dean!  Remember it’s been awhile.  I don’t want to come too quick.” Cas was writhing.
Cas was still speaking.  “I like seeing a tight hole, one that looks as if it were never to accommodate the size of my cock, and pressing firmly until it gives way, squeezing me breathless as I slide in, deeper and deeper, until it is fully encased.  Do you know what I mean?”
Dean slowly pulled off, licking the tip a couple of times before looking up into Cas’s stunned  eyes.  They were dark with lust.
I'll update the tags, but this chapter has Cas/other dudes, so beware, but know in your heart that I will always bring together the boys at the end because I am a smooshy romantic and I believe in Destiel.
It wasn’t a few more minutes before the Sheriff called with the info about the first victim only being the wife, and the husband was still around.  Now, that was a lead, and frankly, Dean needed to distract himself.
Cas closed the door to his room and slipped out of his coat, taking off his suit and hanging it up in the closet, setting his shoes below it, socks and boxers in the laundry basket.  He stood in his room, surrounded by the trinkets of memories he had of Dean, and watched his erection grow larger than ever.  The closer he got to his rut, the bigger it would get.
Cas held still as Dean straddled him again, grasping his sheathed cock behind him, lowering himself until Cas could feel that hole flutter against the head of his dick, and then pressing in.
Cas looked both furious and amused.  “That little shit! Honestly, this is so fucking typical of him-”  He looked away again, then stood.  “You know what?  I find it interesting that you even care who I’m fucking.”
Dean slid down Cas’s legs until He was face first with Cas’s dick.  It smelled clean and of soap, but musky and dark, the scent he picked up when he buried his face in Cas’s neck.
Cas cried out Dean’s name, hooking Dean’s jaw with his fingers still in Dean’s mouth and yanking him around for a sloppy kiss.  Dean used his sore ass muscles to milk the rest of Cas’s orgasm from him, Cas moaning weakly into his mouth.
Cas talked as usual, relaying the information about Michael’s possible whereabouts.  Dean was fine with that, and soon the embarrassment left and he put the burgers on the grill.
There was a knock at the door.
Cas pulled off and licked and sucked at Dean’s balls for a while, pressing the larger plug in fully.  Dean was a mess.
His face went red, and Cas could feel his own cheeks get hot.  Rowena seemed unphased.
Which lead him to wonder what Cas was wearing under the covers.  The image of Cas in the red panties flashed through his mind, making him squirm slightly.  His dick seemed to take it personally that he hadn’t jerked off in the shower, and started to take interest again.
“Charlie Bradbury!” Cas said a bit too loudly. “Come! Sit!  Let us sit and indulge in libations and make merry!”
********
Dean deflated in relief.  Cas wasn’t mad or scared away.
Dean was alone in the bunker.
Dean waited, but there was no response.  He must be busy.
He put Baby in drive, and as he started to pull out, a late model Ford truck swerved into park in front of him and started slowly backing up.
“One more, but it is considerably larger than the first two.”
The first two fingers slid in easily.  He was well versed in the fingering of his ass, and he usually preferred it if he could get a girl to do it when they hooked up.  It was good ol Rhonda Hurley who showed him the magic of prostate stimulation, and he loved it more than sinking into a nice warm pussy.  In fact, in recent years, his preferred method of releasing steam changed to picking up a girl at a bar, to drinking Jack Daniels and watching anal porn and fucking himself with whatever was handy.
Cas realized he might be a little drunk.  The 10 o’clock show was starting soon, so he went to grab a water and headed to the stage.  He took a seat at his usual table, leaning back in his chair and trying to look uninterested.  He still had to fend no less than 10 offers for sexual favors, which was like, 3 times as many as usual.  He smiled politely and finally just glowered at whoever looked at him, giving them his best fuck-off face.  A girl dressed in platform shoes and a purple wig was serving drinks and brought Cas another on the house. She was new, so he gave her the rundown. He’d really tip her well.  He went ahead and gave her his card, asking her to hold onto it for him and take twenty percent of all he’d drank at the end of the night and ring it up under the button in the computer marked, ‘angel tips’, which Raphael assigned just for him so the servers could get their earnings from the till.  It was a good system, and it ensured Cas paid for and tipped without fucking it up if he got plastered.  Raphael was like an older sibling to Cas and always took good care of him.
“As soon as you’re ready Dean,” Cas said, content to wait as long as he needed.
Dean grinned and wiggled his eyebrows.  Cas laughed and rolled Dean to his stomach, pulling him up to his knees.  Dean went willingly, canting his hips back to bare his hole at Cas eagerly. He got the lube and condom from under his pillow and pushed them back to Cas.  Cas hummed in approval, and Dean heard him open the lube and wince when the cold of it was spread over his hole.  Cas rubbed it around, letting a finger dip in a couple of times, Dean not being able to help thrusting back on it.  He moaned shamelessly, arching his back.
Cas sat up and threw back the covers on the empty side of the bed and looked back at Dean expectantly.  Dean dropped his bag and turned off the bathroom light.
********
Cas pulled out of his mouth, and turned around, straddling Dean’s head again and hanging onto the headboard.  Dean got the picture and guided Cas’s cock back into his mouth, setting the pace, then relinquishing control, letting Cas fuck his face, thrusts shallow enough so Dean didn’t choke.
Relief flooded Dean’s body and he felt like laughing and crying at the same time.  He pulled Cas back down on top of him, kissing him sloppily, holding him tightly, trying to speak through his actions.  Dean felt for the bottle of lube and pushed it into Cas’s hand.
“Dean, love,” Rownea said softly, “we’ll have ye wee angel back, don’t you worry.  Just stay put.”
know, but do you?  If Cas and Dean don’t consummate the bond, one or both of them shall die.”
He glanced back just in time to see Charlie reach over and shut Dean’s mouth for him and push him toward the bar.  Amusing.  He was feeling buzzed and a bit full of himself.  Tonight could be fun, after all.
“Cas,” he whispered as he nuzzled Cas’s balls with his nose, licking them too.  “Tell me how you like it.”
“Oh, she’s the owner of the Roadhouse’s daughter.  We grew up together, she’s cool as shit.”  Dean swore he saw a little relief cross Cas’s face.
Raphael was sizing him up again, with a critical eye.
He poured lube from above over the clean shiny knob, letting it run to the ground.  He dropped the bottle and straddled the hitch, back to the tailgate, hooking his elbows over the side so he could lower himself slowly.  He spread his legs wide and squatted down, feeling the cold metal sooth his hot, worn-out hole.  He gasped as he relaxed and increased pressure, the metal globe slowly stretching him unbelievably wide.  He was sure he could do it- there was this guy he saw put a rolling pin in his ass, and this wasn’t nearly that big- and he moaned when his rim contracted around the far side of the ball, the hitch knob sitting comfortably inside him.  He closed his eyes and unhooked one elbow to stroke his cock, only rotating his hips around until his found the right angle to press to his prostate.  He forgot the camera as he closed his eyes and jerked himself faster.  His other elbow slipped, and his full weight  pressed the ball in harder, but he easily rested with the ball in his ass as he rolled his nipples in his fingers and pumped his fist.  He kept his eyes closed, a vague image of a man swimming into his mind, kneeling in front of him, taking his cock into his mouth, sucking and fondling, then standing so he could push his cock in between Dean’s lips.  Dean shouted and came as he imagined Cas looking down lovingly as Dean sucked him off.  Dean’s ass spasmed around the trailer hitch in time with the come shooting from the tip of his cock, and he used the last of his strength to pull himself to stand, even as the orgasm continued, to pull himself off the globe, the burst of pleasure the pull on his rim created making him collapse on the floor, come all over his hands, cheek to the cool concrete, ass in the air.  He flapped out an arm wildly to grab the laptop, yanking it toward himself and under his raised pelvis, hoping it was getting a shot of his over-stretched hole, still twitching, feeling ridiculously empty.
