, like his mother had done for him the numerous times someone had been dumb enough to kidnap him as a child without realising that the American position of
“I shouldn’t… I don’t know if anyone told you, but we went to that garden that Nebula told us about–”
His eyes were still a deep, brandy brown, albeit with a few more wrinkles around the sides, shades of bruises under them belying his exhaustion, his nose still sharp, and his mouth still firm and pink. His jaw is strong, but when he leans his head down, a second chin forms underneath like a thick layer of fat.
, Tony, and I know I’ve said that before, but maybe I didn’t say it as strong as I should have, but I am not and have not had an affair with Natasha. I love
The bed dips underneath him, and Tony turns his head just to see Steve shift onto his side, his face open and vulnerable.
Tony feels the anger bleeding out of him like some terrible, terrible heat with the embers dying. It tastes sour in his mouth like bile at the back of his throat, because he knows that he doesn’t deserve that apology, because he was lying, because he’s become the worst sort of person, getting offended at being caught out.
Tony nods. “Actually, the first time I met him, I walked into a bathroom at some dodgy bar. I was only seventeen? Still a kid. I mean, the age of consent in Massachusetts is 16, but they have some weird law where it is a crime to induce a person under eighteen of chaste life to have unlawful sexual intercourse. I was definitely not living a chaste life, I can promise you that. But I was getting away from this drunk frat boy, which in retrospect seems to be a lot of my college life when I wasn’t building robots, and I came into the bathroom, and there was a dead guy on the floor.”
Abraham smiles at the two of them, weak but proud. He reaches out and taps Steve’s chest, right where his heart beats, and then, he goes limp in Tony’s arms.
Toni’s chest hurts. “I’m so glad to hear that,” she replies, her voice trembling. “So, does that mean that you want them to be your daddies? Would you be okay with that? I mean, you wouldn’t have to call them that if you don’t want to–”
Steve startles at the sudden touch, and then, he leans into it, when he realizes that it’s Tony doing the touch.
“Tony,” Steve says, tugging him away from his shoulder so that he can look Tony in the eye. “Tony, I fucked up the night that Natasha died. I fucked up. You asked me for one thing, and I couldn’t do it. I fell asleep, and I’m sorry, I’m sorry. I… I’ll never forgive myself for that. I’ll never forgive myself for letting you down, for letting Natasha down. I’m so fucking sorry.” His voice becomes rough. “But I
? This whole time… but you, you work for an insurance company,” he says, lamely. “You… you’re a claims agent. I don’t-”
Tony feels the flush creep up his throat and into his face. “Yeah?” he says, trying desperately to maintain his cool.
He gets his legs out of the cockpit, and somehow, he manages to plant his feet on the front of the plane with a little solidity.
Tony sighs and rubs the back of his neck. “I’m not good at that,” he confesses. “I’m not… I’m not good at the conversation stuff.”
Tony gnaws on his lip. “No, I think… maybe I just need to cut my nails or… dip into my mother’s stash of pills,” he says, quickly. “I’m fine, Jarvis. I promise.”
“I was convinced they were just nightmares. Come on, before this shit started happening around us, would you have blamed me?” Steve demands. “Whoever would have thought that nightmares could be real?”
Or maybe, he’s just overthinking all of this, and the twins still love him as they’ve always loved him.
“I shouldn’t… I don’t know if anyone told you, but we went to that garden that Nebula told us about–”
Tony manages to look up, through the half-dark of his lidded eyes. “Yours hits me in all the right places, makes me feel things I’ve never felt before,” he says, lasciviously. “Takes me to heights that I never thought possible.”
you feel for me?” he asks, quietly, dragging his hand over his hair, self-consciously. “I mean, I love you, I’ve loved you my entire life, and I was going to tell you when… when you came home from Afghanistan, and then, you didn’t, and I thought… maybe, just
Steve sinks onto the bed, perching himself on the edge, running his hand through his thick, golden hair.
Her face is wide open with grief and determination, pleading and pained, something which Tony assumes never happens for this woman – she stands to lose a friend, a good friend, after everything, he thinks, because he also knows Steve, and he knows how much Steve loves him, and if Steve thought that Natasha was an obstacle in his marriage, after everything that had happened, after how close he came to losing Tony and losing their kids, Tony knows that he wouldn’t hesitate to cut Natasha out of his life, and those games that she played, they wouldn’t be helping her case at all.
“No,” Tony blurts out without thinking, closing his eyes. “No, don’t…” he trails off, something curling in his belly, hot and mocking.
“I mean, I’ve seen these kind of devices before,” Tony says, “and I mean, the easiest possible solution would be to disable them, but I also know that you’re kind of a dick and you like screwing with people, so you won’t do that, as you’ve already earlier alluded to. But I suppose I could reverse the feed.”
“We’re going to that really good Italian place that you like,” Tony explains. “You remember how much you liked the gnocchi last time?”
, you just need to sleep,” she says, beseechingly. “I know this must be so hard for you, what you’re going through now. What with the loss of your friends... but sometimes bad things happen to good people. There’s no big mystery to it, really.”
Her hand slides her body, clearly having the idea to rub her clit, but he bats it away. He fucks into her harder, so that her head would be banging against the headboard with every thrust if she didn’t have her hand there on the post like a buffer.
, James. He accused me of cheating on him with you; I told him, I told him that we slept together all those years ago, and he lost it. I can’t…”
Steve’s throat flexes, and he folds his hands in his lap. “I wanted you to have a better life than the one that I could give you,” he says, honestly.
“Well,” Steve’s mouth twists, not a smile but close, not happy but not sad at the same time. “Not just me.”
“Did you have to do something with the bad men that took us from Aunt Wanda’s house?” Maushmi cuts off him, her voice curious without a hint of guile.
Tony hates that, hates that they’re talking about him like he isn’t even in the room, as though he isn’t even a person, just a goat, to be bought and sold, traded and bartered over, in terms of advantages and disadvantages, benefits and detriments, as though that is the sum total of his being.
“You wanted to bed me because that is what alphas and omegas are supposed to do; they are supposed to fuck and make babies together, and I didn’t want that to be the sum and total of our lives together, Tony,” Steve says, roughly, dragging his hand through his hair. “I didn’t want that to be all that we had together. Maybe that makes me naïve but… my parents fell in love with each other, and I wanted that as well. I wanted my omega to love me, and you didn’t love me. How could you? We didn’t even know each other, and you were… you knew you had a duty, and you were determined to fulfil it. I wanted more than duty, Tony. I wanted love. That’s why I didn’t touch you before I left for war.”
“We had a conversation about getting married and the two of you wanting to adopt him,” she explains, reasonably, “and he asked if he could call you both Daddy.”
Steve rolls his eyes and kisses him again, gentle and lingering this time. His fingers grasp and pull at the thin shirt that Tony is wearing, until Tony is raising his arms above his head so that Steve can remove it. Steve’s mouth travels down, finds the spot where his pulse throbs fast and wild, and mouths at the warm skin there, his knuckles dragging back and forth along the length of his arm.
He touches Tony constantly, a hand on his thigh, on the small of his back; sometimes, he runs his hand through his hair, and when he’s feeling particularly brave and untouchable, he runs his thumb over Tony’s lip.
Steve’s face comes alive, and he makes his way over to his unshed clothes, dressing quickly and strapping on his holster. He pulls his whip and jacket from a hook.
), before he’s rubbing his hands over his eyes and handing over the two pieces of paper to James, who’s staring at both Tony and Steve like they’ve gone mad.
Even now, he has this desperate, half-wild urge to return to his babies and just watch, watch their little chests rise and fall, just to be sure that they’re still breathing, and they’re alive.
Her long, dark hair is draped over her naked back, and when he flattens one of his hands on the dip to her spine, she makes a soft little noise into the pillow, shifting closer to him. He shifts onto his side, slinging his arm over her waist, and she curls up against him, pressing her breasts against his side.
He kisses him, his tongue worming its way into Tony’s mouth, and Tony struggles, his shoulders twisting in Rumlow’s hard grip. Tony bites down, catching Rumlow’s tongue between his teeth, until his mouth fills with a sharp, coppery taste, and Rumlow shouts, pulling back with a furious look on his face.
All he wants is for Steve to come back; somehow, with those nights they spent in the same bed, even if they didn’t touch, he felt safe with him – he wonders if he thinks that because it’s easy to think, like he’s made up a false Steve in his head to cope with what Grant is doing to him.
“Oh, please, how do we know it isn’t because you fucking morons starting following the fucking Winter Soldier in your
Wanda shrugs. “I think you’re conflating three separate issues. I think you’re having problems with your husband, and I can see why you would be having the problems from what you’re telling me; I think you’re having feelings for this man who I left you all those years ago, and it really affected you when he came back; and I think you’re taking those issues out on your relationship with your children, but you have a good relationship with them, Tony. You love them, and they love you; you’re seeing problems where there are none.”
“I don’t see that there’s any reason why we shouldn’t get married,” Bucky went onto say. “Wait, just–”
Sam’s expression flickers with unease, but he takes the shield from Steve, nonetheless, sliding it onto his arm.
“You have nothing, you people. That is why you steal from us because you know you have nothing,” Tony murmurs. “You stole a symbol, which, to us, means peace, and you made it a sign of your despicable killing. You took a word which means
“I am,” Steve says, honestly, and he’s grateful for that, grateful that he’s not willing to lie to him on this. “I have been in love with Bucky for as long as I knew what love is.”
For a moment, the earth stills, and Toni feels her heart climb into her throat, as she waits for the moment to shatter.
He wraps his hand up in a tea towel and grips the pot by the handle (it’s strange, the idea that Tony is an accomplished engineer, a maker of robots and artificial intelligences, and he does metalwork on a daily basis, which requires welding and brazing and soldering and riveting to say just a few of his tasks, but he has an irrational fear of hot things in the kitchen, especially things on the stove or in the oven), and throws the contents into the bin, asking JARVIS to remind him to throw it out once he’s done having great sexy times with James and Steve, and he lets the water run in the pot so that he can soak.
Tony shifts on his feet, heat curling in his belly, almost mocking, and he waits, waits until Steve is done, and then, Steve pulls back, his eyes widening on obscene horror.
The noise that escapes Steve is nothing short of the sound that escapes a cat when it’s dying, and his face is hard and white as stone.
“You came to my house, because you wanted to warn me about that HYDRA agent, right? And the fact that SHIELD might make contact with me?” Tony clarifies.
For fuck’s sake, ten years ago, Tony would’ve just had to bat his eyelashes and fling Steve those bedroom eyes of his, and Steve would’ve herded him into the nearest room and fucked his brains out.
“Natasha… knows pretty things,” Steve explains. “She… wears a lot of things like that during missions. She’s… she’s a honeypot, herself. She seduces her marks, and she has a certain image to portray to her targets, so I thought she’d know exactly what you may like.” He pauses. “I realise now how stupid it was, and I… I had a chat with her about it, about her wearing that to the date. She was testing you.”
Natasha’s brow furrows. “I mean, it was as if there were four razors cutting her at the same time. But invisible razors. She just... opened up...” she trails off, picking at a clot of dark blood on her shirt, as if it were a scab attached to her own body. She makes a soft noise, a noise of agony. “I probably could've saved her if I'd moved sooner. But I thought it was just another nightmare, like the one I had the night before.” She pauses. “There... was this guy who had knives for fingers...”
The fire has completely engulfed the curtains and is working across the ceiling. Embers flutter downwards, and the second that they drop to the top of the bar, it lights up, fuelled by the spilled alcohol.
Peter and Maushmi lead him to the dining table, as Steve slings an arm around Tony’s waist, nuzzling at his temple. James turns his head over his shoulder and shoots them a
“Alphas maybe don’t,” Steve replies, kissing him again, and Tony whines at the taste of his own slick. “But I do. For
The elevator doors open, and Tony steps out, and at first, Steve doesn’t hear him, not until his boots come clacking closer to him. Finally, Steve turns, and the cagey expression fades, before replaced with one more irritated.
Tony stares at him for a moment, and then, he realises, blinks away the stinging at the backs of his eyes. “Yes, of course, my apologies. I should not have offered such a thing… especially with what has happened. I completely understand that you may not want to,” he clears his throat, “it was inappropriate. You deserve… you deserve a lot better than me, Steve, and I should not have presumed–”
sorry about Barnes and Sam,” he murmurs, nuzzling at Steve’s throat. “I know you don’t… I know you don’t talk about them, and I think you don’t talk about them because you think that I don’t want to talk about them, or that I won’t approve if you
Steve climbs into the bed, shuffling under the covers, and Tony’s not going to lie, it’s a bit strange, getting used to Steve’s shift in appearance, his smaller body, knobby knees, thinner arms, but they make do. Tony shuts off the tablet, placing it on the bedside table, before he turns onto his side, splaying his hand, warm palm, over Steve’s bony cheek.
Natasha blows a breath out between her teeth. “It wasn’t like that. I just… well, I noticed that he was spending more time at the office. I just wanted to help, honest.”
But what is he teaching those kids if he keeps things like this, that you can run away from your problems, that people can treat you like shit, but you can continue to take it because you love them? That it’s worth demoralising yourself and demeaning yourself and accepting indignity because you love someone? That you should stay, even when everything has turned rotted and fetid?
“I need to talk to James,” Tony muses, quietly. “And then, I need to talk to Steve. I need to tell him everything. And yeah, if it… if it looks like it’s broken, maybe it’s worth one last attempt at fixing things.”
Tony nods. “That’s a different story. Not relevant to our current predicament. Go on, Bhim. I know the overall story, but not the details.”
“Steve didn’t like it,” she says, almost as if she’s trying to reassure him, reassure him of his husband’s continued loyalty. “He thought… he thought I went too far, that I crossed lines in the way I treated him in front of you. He knew that I was trying to get a rise out of you, but he also knew that was my way. He didn’t push too hard, but he gave me one hell of a warning.”
“That’s great; we’ll take it,” Tony replies, easily, with an old, snug smile plastered across his face.
And then, Steve and Bucky each plant a kiss on Peter’s cheeks as well, and he tries to wriggle his way out of Toni’s arms, squealing, but she doesn’t let him go, allowing the flurry of kisses to fall on her son, now their son.
“Hey,” Steve says, gently, rubbing at Tony’s arms, “this nightmare really freaked you out, didn’t it?”
“So, she’s content with being your mistress? Not very ambitious, is she? And not very smart; after all, we never got a pre-nup. If you divorce me, you get half of everything; you could keep her
“She’s at the hospital. She didn’t want to go; she wanted to stay with me. I think she’s worried that I’m going to try and kill myself like Natasha,” Steve says, his voice thin and taut. “But I convinced her to go anyway.” He rubs his hand over his jaw. “Who the fuck is this guy, Tony?”
And now, no one will ever believe him; this is what Steve is, he’s strong and stalwart and decent and honourable – he’s not the sort of guy that would cheat on his husband, until he actually does.
The moment snaps back, and the rush in Tony’s body fades; he can feel it in his chest, in his throat, the broil of his fury, the well of his resentment, the ache of his indignation, and he feels like he’s on fire, like he’s smouldering.
Bucky sniffs, haughtily. “Well, that’s one thing that you learned in seventy years. I’m guessing Stark had something to do with it.”
“Can I help with those?” he says, shifting his eyes to Jarvis, who looks miserable (Tony wonders if he thinks that Pepper wouldn’t have died if he’d been there the night before; Tony doubts it, considering that Steve and him were both there and Pepper was still dead by dawn).
He remembers nights of this, when Steve was still at university, studying and being mentored under Tony’s father, with a few blankets wrapped around them, and the hot, slick slide of their skin, the movement of their bodies together, and the feeling of wholeness when Steve was inside them.
James sighs. “I wasn’t spying on you. It’d been years since I saw you, Tony, and I wasn’t sure what circumstances were your current circumstances. I just wanted to make sure that everything was okay in your life before I threw myself into the mix.” He worries his teeth on his lower lip. “You had kids, that was the first thing that I saw.”
“You want to know how I know that? You really want to know? It’s because James still wants me,” he says, his grin sharp, a lethal thing, designed to hurt Steve right where his soft, sore spots are.
Tony nods, stiffly. “Sometimes, I… I don’t know, maybe it’s silly, maybe I’m overreacting or just being selfish, but I feel that Steve could be a complete deadbeat dad and still get more love from the kids than I do. I feel like they take me for granted,” he says, honestly.
Tony comes like that, pleasure tearing through him like a knife, and he spills all over Steve’s belly. He sags against Steve’s body, but Steve’s hips snap forward, rutting into him, and Tony just watches him, watches his face, slack with pleasure, the lust on his face, eyes dilated and fixated solely on Tony, as he grunts softly with each thrust inside Tony’s body, a wet, squelching noise echoing through the air as slick rushes down Tony’s thighs and onto his.
Maushmi peers up at him with his eyes and a feminine, softer, rounder version of his face. “Why were you coming from the guest room?” she asks, confused.
The parking lot is still empty. He looks out towards the door to the pharmacy, and frustration builds up inside him when he can’t see any sign of Steve behind those double doors. He punches the cigarette lighter in the dashboard, looking around once more.
Tony grins, fully, now, and he runs his hand through his hair, before running it over his throat. “I’m glad. And I suppose you know that I find you attractive.”
“I guess,” Peter says, scrunching up his face. “But can I have with chocolate milk instead of normal milk?” he asks, hopefully.
Tony cracks a half-smile. “It’s… what it is, I suppose. There are a lot of accusations running between us right now. I’m convinced that he’s having an affair, and he’s convinced that I’m having an affair, so it’s all a mess.”
Tony waves his hand, dismissively. “Don’t worry about it, I know what you meant.” He pauses. “I’m not going to pretend like I’ve… completely forgiven you for what happened in Siberia,” he says, carefully, tentatively.
“You… you…” he closes his eyes, freeing Tony of the weight of his rage. “You, I can’t believe you. I can’t
Sam’s face changes just briefly, just the slightest bit, but Tony catches it, and he leans back in his chair, equal parts rage and hurt pumping through him.
And then, he turns on his side, watches Steve reading about military tactics at the Battle of Stalingrad, and Tony bravely places a hand on his firm, broad thigh, sliding it up until he’s cupping Steve’s limp cock in those sweats he’s wearing.
“I thank you for your help and for your company,” he says, faultlessly polite, “but I think I would like to sleep now.”
. It was the closest I’ve felt to him in a long time, and then, we were… we made the decision to come here. I suppose…” he worries his teeth on his lower lip. “I suppose that’s the end of it, the end of what I want to say.”
“Then understand it somewhere else. If I read the posters right, you’ve got some place to be in a half hour,” Phillips snaps.
“You didn’t do anything wrong; I just loved you too much. You didn’t force me into anything; I was a very willing participant, and it was not a one-night stand; it was the best night of my life,” James says, quietly.
Tony grows cold on the inside. “I am not a fucking weakling,” he snarls, with his mouth pulled back to show his teeth. “I am not someone that gets taken advantage of, for fuck’s sake.”
. How could we, how were we supposed to tell you?” she asks, a guilty, cracked quality to her voice.
“We went to the planetarium, all four of us, and we were getting lunch, when I got a call from James. I lied and told Steve that it was a call from my PA, Pepper, that there was something really serious going on at Stark Industries and that I had to go and sort it out.”
He licks his lips when he hears Steve’s hand curl around his cock, stroking himself to full hardness.
Tony clenches his fists tight by his side, his nails digging half-moon marks into the skin of his palms. “You have… you have some fucking nerve,” he growls, almost lurching forward.
Natasha nods. “He was a mark, someone with terrorism intel that we were keeping an eye on. I made the date arrangements, and Steve recommended the restaurant. He said that it was one that you and he went to a lot, and you both really liked it,” she says, softly. “I wasn’t expecting Steve to be there that night. I told him to go home, to spend time with you, while I took care of the mark.”
He says it briskly, without artifice, as though Steve’s response means nothing to him, but he knows that it’s a lie, that Steve’s reply to his request means a great deal, and his hands are shaking once he gets the words out.
“I’ll drive,” James declares and snatches the keys out of Tony’s hands. “Do you think you four can fit into the back?”
“Yes, he looked at the first one, which has that fourth figure scribbled out, and he thought that people wouldn’t like it, so he decided to draw another one, but he still kept the fourth figure apart from the rest.”
“Oh, well, you know me, if I have some trashy magazines at my disposal, I’m all ears.” Tony pauses. “Why are you here, Cap?”
He leans over, scrambling to get the drawer to the bedside table open, fishing inside for the little tube of lubricant, which he pulls out. He opens the cap, squeezing out a little onto his fingers.
He lets the poker slip from his hand and makes his way back to the bar, still cluttered with bottles and glasses. He stops at the pile of American money Steve had left him. Tony takes the chain from around his neck and lets the medallion slide off it into his hand, placing it on the bar next to the pile of money.
Sam raises his and Wanda’s joined hands to his mouth, pressing a kiss to her knuckles. “She is,” he says, full of love.
Her body curves up, and she’s suspended like that, as the orgasm rolls through her body, and she’s clenching around him like nothing else, a vice around his cock, and he groans, thrusting once, twice and he’s coming inside her as well, spilling wet and hot, his hands tight on her hip, her breast, leaving marks in the shape of her fingers which will colour as the day passes.
“And I’m ridiculously attracted to you, by the way, old and hairy and pudgy around the belly,” Steve tells him, firmly. “I’m not going to say that you’re broken on the inside and the outside, because I don’t agree with that, and I’m not going to encourage that line of thinking.”
“You don’t… neither of you knew this, right?” he asks in a small voice, uncertain and childlike. “You didn’t, I mean, this wasn’t some big, intricate plot to, uh, to trick me or something, to perform some really fucked-up experiment on me, see how long it would take to make me crack.”
“Which leaves only one other explanation, of course,” Tony goes on, the agony a bright-hot, living thing all over his body. “It means that he’s in love with her, that he wants to be with her, that he’s just too much of a coward to tell me or he just hasn’t gotten around to it, because I don’t matter anymore, my feelings don’t matter.”
By the time the four of them return home, the twins are practically asleep, and Tony and Steve have to carry them back into the house and put them to bed. Tony’s still vibrating though, not quite completely exhausted, what with the coffee and junk food he’s imbibed all day, and when he and Steve approach the bedroom, he’s hoping for a little more adult birthday fun.
“Is this smart?” Tony voices the question out loud. “Having sex so quickly after everything that happened between us?”
Tony shrugs. “No offence, but they did measurements on you during Project Rebirth. I know exactly what the size of your cock was back then, and I guess,
Wanda puts a hand on his arm. “Look, it’s normal. Every couple does something special and spontaneous to keep the spark alive. What do you have planned?”
Tony narrows his eyes at the menu. “I’m good. That’s the one thing I don’t really like about this place. They don’t have many vegetarian options for an appetizer.” He looks up. “But you get what you want.”
“Tell me you’re mine,” Steve says, his voice suddenly full of some rage that Tony doesn’t quite know how to define.
Steve trails his fingers over the bare curve of his shoulder. “Are you smooth all over?” he asks, lowly.
“He’s Steve’s best friend. Like I said, he disappeared on his first tour. They never…” Tony sends a hesitant look towards Steve. “They never recovered his body. Steve just… got a letter one day.”
Wanda’s eyes light up. She tangles her thin, long, bony fingers with Tony’s. “You promise you’ll tell me everything?”
“I can’t, I can’t let the police know. They wouldn’t…” Tony purses his lips. “They don’t have the kind of resources that I do. I can find them quicker; please,
Tony’s throat is almost too full of words, and he offers Sam a slight, pained smile, before going ahead with his story.
Tony opens his arms to James, opens his body to him hungrily, leans into the hand around his throat gladly, and clenches his insides around James’ cock, as Steve, inspired by James’ sudden move to practically choke Tony, closes his hand around the nape of James’ neck, fucking him into Tony with a slow, easy roll of his hips.
There’s something awfully titillating about it, living in sin with an alpha like Captain America, after all.
“It seemed to have worked out well enough for you in the end,” Tony says, carefully, honest, without a hint of meanness.
“You’re not understanding me,” James says, stubbornly. “I’m just… this isn’t college anymore; you’re not some adrenaline-fuelled teenager anymore. We’re adults, and you have a life; you have a husband and children, and you were with them today when I called you. You should have told me to fuck off, but you came here anyway, just to help me. You don’t know what that means to me, to know that I have you, even after everything.”
He drives up by Steve’s apartment block, just in time to see Steve come out between the double doors. He parks his cherry-red Cadillac convertible, and Pepper is singing along with the radio, in the background, her head resting in Natasha’s lap.
Steve’s hand comes to cover the back of Tony’s head, and Tony likes the weight, feels his eyes flutter shut in response, and a shiver of pleasure curl in his head. Steve even leans forward, pressing his lips to Tony’s forehead.
“Give me the fucking gun. We can’t have a conversation if you two Neanderthals are pointing guns at each other. Give it to me now.”
He knows he sounds like a hypocrite; he knows that by his own logic, he should trust Steve, but he can’t; there is a lot more evidence against Steve than there is against him.
Tony pads forward, kissing him gently on the corner of his mouth. “I wanted you before, too,” he promises. “It’s not just… it’s not just what the serum did to you. I wanted you before.”
“Things will be better now,” he repeats, and then, he slams the blade of the knife into Grant’s throat at the same time the door to his chambers open, revealing a shocked, dirty Steve.
Tony huffs. “No, it’s not fucking true. While I would be a great honeypot, there’s no fucking way I would ever bring kids into that sort of life. We’re not living in
Tony looks at him, chewing on his lower lip until he feels it split underneath his teeth. It stings, and his mouth tastes of iron, and he licks over it absentmindedly, wanting to feel the ache again.
“I think there are others much more capable and much more honest than me,” Steve says, firmly, “because if I go, I won’t come back, not like this, Natasha. If I go, I will find Tony and I will stay with him and I won’t let him go, and I don’t think that’ll end the way you want it to.”
“He has for Tony,” Steve says, solemn and strained, “but he doesn’t, uh, he doesn’t much remember his time before HYDRA had him, which means he doesn’t-”
“Even if… I believe you, and I do believe you,” Tony begins, his brow furrowing, “James, we’ve slept together, we’ve… we loved each other once, and you told me… you told me that you still love me, and I… I won’t stop loving you, James, which
It had been a while since he’d done this, with anyone let alone himself; in fact, the last time he’d done this with a partner was with Steve, and the last time he’d done it himself was before the Snap had even happened.
, huh? The idea of facing HYDRA together, because that’s all we need in this world, right? Each other-”
Steve prods at his rim again, so that he can feel the latex rub against where he’s the slickest. “Already covered,” he growls.
The words catch up in Toni’s throat, line the inside like acid, and she wrestles for the right words. “I did love your daddy,” she murmurs.
Steve’s response is to lift him up, so that his feet are actually dangling in the air, and kiss him so thoroughly that Tony forgets all about diamonds and the velvet box that drops to the ground.
“Face it, Tony, you’re a newcomer, an outsider, a stranger. Anyone you tell will only think that you’ve cuckolded their lord, the one they respect so greatly. And should you burden my brother about this encounter when he comes from war, I shall simply tell him that you made the advance on me, and that I tried my best to deny you your desires, that I pushed you away, but that you were most insistent and I thought it better that you slake your lusts with me instead of some peasant in the village that would only shame him when he returned and found out what you had been up to while he was gone. You do not have his ear the way I do. Besides,” he says with immaculate confidence, “I am the lord’s brother; he can never be rid of the bond that exists between him and I, and all he has to do is see your head on a spike outside the castle’s gates and find another omega who
“There… for my birthday, he bought me a necklace,” Tony explains. “And then, we went out to dinner like a week later, and Natasha was there with a date-”
James ignores her and kneels in front of both of them, drawing them into a tight embrace that makes them squeal.
Tony runs his tongue over the seam between his lips, which still throb, tingle. “I wouldn’t mind,” he says, carefully, boldly, tilting his chin up, “if you did that again.”
Tony sits up, and his chest is still burning, his throat still tight. He presses a fist to his breastbone, over the arc reactor.
Tony’s mind snaps into action, and he leans down, grabbing a rifle from the prostrate body of one of his former escorts, and runs back into the flaming settlement.
“Steve,” Tony sighs and walks forward, until they’re pressed up against each other, until Steve’s heat is burning through the thin layer of clothes that he’s wearing, and he can drape his arms around Steve’s shoulders. “Steve, I love you, I love our kids, I love our family, but… I can’t say that I’m completely, one hundred percent thrilled with the idea of… being a house husband for the rest of my life. And I know,
Steve looks at him the same way that he used to look at him when Tony was soft and mussed in his sheets, staring up at him like he was the world and more. Tony looks into the glass, hoping that his skin doesn’t betray the mortification that he feels.
“Tony,” Eshe says, softly. “Tony, I think, or rather, I have a feeling that the reason why you think you’re undeserving of Steve has a lot to do with something that happened before you met him, probably before you met James even. Am I right?”
His tone is awkward like the words are odd coming out of him and he knows it, and Tony doesn’t remember his father ever acting so fatherly before.
“So, I’m going to ask you again, Tony, and I’d really very much like it if you told me the truth this time around, where did you go after you left the café today?”
“Fuck, you love that, don’t you?” Steve groans, watching as Tony swallows down his fingers, hungrily, his eyes fixed on Steve’s.
James shrugs. “Nothing, really. Just flashes,” his jaw clenches hard, as a shadow passes behind his eyes. “I just assumed that I was always with them.”
He knocks on the door to Wanda’s room, chewing on his lower lip, and Sam looks up from Wanda’s bedside, from where he’d been clutching at her hand, smoothing his knuckles back and forth across her forearm.
His clothes are still dark, almost black, with dried blood, his skin sweat, and he looks up in time to see Maushmi sending her husband a worried, thin, harried look, like there needs to be more said to him, that Tony needs to be taken care of more.
“This is not morning traffic,” Tony snaps. “This is the prelude to a demonstration. The kids have to go to school.”
“She… her name is Natasha,” Tony tells him, with a certain cracked quality to his voice. “Natasha Romanoff-”
“Yeah, I expect you to believe that because I told you that I was in love with you and that I was in this, in
Frankly, he’s glad that Natasha becomes his bed mate – it means that Grant can’t touch him in his chambers.
“I was intrigued. Besides, I missed you,” Tony confesses. “The Colonel isn’t exactly a great conversationalist.”
Steve’s best friend,” Sam reminds him. “Tony, the man that’s the Winter Soldier today is not Bucky Barnes anymore; he’s been through too much, seen too much, done too much to be the same guy. Yeah, sure, Steve might have had feelings for that guy once upon a time, but he married
“Look, just because you can’t get it up, right now, doesn’t mean that you’ll never get it up ever again,” Tony says, carefully. “You’re stressed right now. You’re amped up; you’ve had a shitty day; you’re getting used to all of this again. Without pretending that I’m a sex therapist or something, I think it’s fairly normal for this kind of scenario. We can try again tomorrow, and failing that, there are pills that we can take. I just… don’t do them, and we might have to see a doctor about what works with your conditions and my conditions and all, but still, there are pills. In any case, sex isn’t just about genital penetration. We both have fingers and mouths and there are toys that we can use, and it will be just as good.”
Steve holds his torch out like a lantern and begins a slow turn in a circle, his eyes peering into the gloom, examining every inch of the wall and ceiling.
Steve leans down and presses his mouth to Tony’s knee. “I absolutely understand all of those things,” he murmurs. He clears his throat. “I want you to call me sir.”
Tony salutes him and heads in that direction, closing the door behind him once he finds himself in the room, alone with Loki, who is sitting, his hands chained together with a pair of cuffs that seemed to glow every time the light hits them.
that. I don’t tell people how I feel, even if they are my fucking husband. For fuck’s sake, Steve, I’ve known Rhodey for more than half of my life, and I still don’t tell him everything. I am… fucked up. I keep everything to myself, and when I’m hurt, I internalise everything and I turn it into
They’re fighting Thanos, and there are a couple of moments that Tony thinks they’re going to win, when Wanda gets her red, red grip around him and she’s peeling the flesh from his bones; when Thor and Steve pin him down; when Carol is fighting him, and then, it seems inevitable that Thanos
Steve tells her about he waited outside that apartment for hours, thinking of the worst possible things, and how every now and then, he had to be talked down from going in with his gun, how his mind exploded with the earworm-esque suspicion that he’d been cuckolded by the fucking Winter Soldier and he couldn’t get it out of his head.
“That smart, beautiful, kind, funny, fierce, amazin’ woman, who means the world to me, her name is Antonia Stark.”
. I have never once doubted that, not from the moment that she told me that she loved me. I don’t need to, and I don’t need to believe your bullshit about
And then, there’s a fourth figure, with white skin, the paper filling in the colour, not brown, with yellow hair, standing quite a bit far apart from him and Peter and Maushmi, like on the other side of the page.
“Oh, you like that idea, do you?” Steve asks, gleefully. “You like the idea of me coming inside you, filling you up, making you leak my come? Well, clearly we’ve got an idea for our next session, huh?”
He can do it for his kids; he can get better, shed all of his daddy issues, if it means that it will protect his children. He can do the therapy deal and treat himself to psychoanalysis all day, every day, if it would keep them safe.
Tony makes his way up the stairs and towards their bedroom, his heart pounding in his chest like a jackhammer. He makes his way over to their closet and draws the door open, finding the hiding place that Steve had indicated, and he scrabbles around in the dark of the shelf, before his hand lands on something smooth and leather.
“And you lied that day in the café, when you told us that Pepper needed you because of some clusterfuck at Stark Industries,” Steve goes onto say, flatly.
He starts moaning, his muscles straining, tendons taut against the skin, especially as Tony quickens the motions of his right hand, still rubbing the head with his left, and then, Steve comes – it’s not wet like Tony’s orgasm, there’s no actual come dribbling out of Steve’s cock, it’s not as intense and blinding, but judging by the slack look to Steve’s features, when he lifts his head, the dazed expression on his face and his eyes tells me that it was satisfaction, nonetheless.
His expression morphs, when he manages to drag his eyes from his feet to Tony to Steve, and it changes into something that he can’t quite define: something like concern and hope and confusion and disdain.
They emerge from the settlement, and Dr. Zola points to a nearby wall. The group starts that way with Zola slightly ahead.
Tony lifts a hand to stop him from continuing with that thought. “I made the choice to help you take down HYDRA back in Cambridge, James. That was my choice, no one else’s, and you didn’t force me into that. You said it yourself; this guy came back here to look for
Tony lifts an eyebrow. “Oh, yeah.” He licks his sore, bruised mouth. “We got into a major fight. He told me that he was a SHIELD agent, accused me of lying to him our entire relationship, because apparently James and I had planned it, because I’d known that he was a SHIELD recruit when I met him in that bar the first time-”
She’s warm, and her skin is so soft, and when he tangles his hand through her hair, it feels like silk.
The man looks up at him, the darkness of the bar previously hiding his golden hair. His milk-white skin in a place where that would definitely not have gone amiss, considering there are more white men than Indians here at this time of night.
“Drunk like you are?” Steve asks, incredulously. “I know your father used to do shit like that with you, Tony, but I thought you wanted to do better than that bastard.”
Steve’s smile is small and hard-fought. “Do you?” he says, soft with disbelief and almost mocking. “Do you really? Even like this?”
Her hand finds its way between their legs, curling around his cock, and he shifts, a little noise escaping him, when she begins to stroke him.
And then, it’s just him and Steve, and they’re both breathing heavily, and there’s fire around them, turning Tony’s skin sweat damp.
“Don’t you fucking dare pretend like you knew better, like I was just some stupid little kid that didn’t know what I was doing? But you did know better; you knew that I was in love with you, and you were just looking for a fling, and you took advantage of me. You know that you did.”
Steve stares at him for a moment, his face wan and swollen, like he wants to cry, like his heart is thundering so hard in his chest to the point of pain, and Tony can even see the threat of tears his eyes.
But then, Steve pushes inside him, his hips snapping forward, and Tony cries out, all thoughts of the difference between this Steve and this morning’s Steve flying straight out of his head – frankly, both Steves fuck exactly the same, and if their characters are the same, if their lovemaking is the same, Tony doesn’t see a problem with either version.
Tony had made the choice to work from home because he didn’t want Peter and Maushmi ever looking up one day and wondering where he was. This way, he attended every single parent-teacher interview, every play, ever award presentation, every single school event that the administration insisted on having for children too young to know the difference.
James doesn’t have half that heat, and here is where Tony spots the problem with this particular sex position, considering that Steve is able to keep control of his rhythm, fuck him like he has no other business to attend to; even Tony, as the ultimate receiver in this encounter, can’t be distracted, and only has to focus on the cock in his ass, but James isn’t the same way. There are so many sensations, both around his cock and inside his body, that he doesn’t know which to focus on, which only explains why his rhythm would falter.
Steve startles, and his empty goblet falls off the table with a clatter. He doesn’t bother to pick it up; he stares at Tony, his eyes wide.
“Fuck,” Tony says, realising that the blood is coming from four shallow cuts stretching out across the plane of his abdomen. “Fuck, you’re bleeding.”
Maybe it was some weird subset of a mid-life crisis, where Steve had thought he wanted something different and needed the chance to go and explore it for himself, if only to realise that he has everything that makes him whole here at home.
His alpha would not like to come home from battle only to find that his omega had slain his brother.
Steve runs his hand over his face. “I don’t know what you want to me to say, Tony,” he says, wearily, like it’s Tony who’s burdening him. “Maybe, if you want, you can take your plastic friend into one of the guest rooms and take care of yourself? I don’t know what to say, and frankly, I wouldn’t blame you.”
“You feel so fuckin’ good, baby girl,” Steve mutters into her breast, taking her nipple between his teeth and tugging until she’s crying out at the shard of pain-pleasure. “You’re so tight, so wet, so hot. God, I could stay in this pretty fuckin’ pussy for the rest of my life, I swear.” He brushes her sweat-damp hair out of her eyes. “How you doin’, baby? You still with me?”
The two men carry the children towards a small, non-descript hatchback, deposit them in the back, and drive away, and Tony catches the license plate number. With this number, he’s able to track them and finally lands the car in front of a warehouse in some downtown part of the city. Tony hands the phone over to Steve.
He knows what he looks like, mouth full of his cock, as his eyes fly up from James’ pleasure-stricken face to where Steve is watching like a turned-on sentinel from the foot of the bed, and it’s a sight that Steve’s seen a hundred, a thousand times, but never with Tony’s mouth on someone else’s cock.
Tony shakes his head. “Fuck me, sir,” he gasps out, his cock twitching against his belly, letting out another spurt of pre-come to wet his belly.
The emotions are like fire in his throat, and it hurts to breathe, hurts to process what he’s saying, and he blinks back the threat of tears, looking away.
He swings the machete again and slices open Obadiah’s throat, from ear to ear, and the blood gushes out in rivers all over his front.
Tony hits him a third time. “I am not a fucking prize,” he growls, his eyes flashing hard. “You can’t
Steve sighs. “No, Buck, we talked about it a lot, you know? He… he was always angrier at me than he was at you. He knows that you were forced into it; he just… he had a harder time forgiving me for lying to him all that time,” he says, quietly.
“See, you’ve forgotten the bad dream,” Pepper insists, nudging at Tony with her socked foot. “Didn’t I tell you?”
The frat boy had continued to be awful, stepped up real close like he was about to start a bar fight and asked, “what’s your problem, man?”, in that tone that spoke of
“Natasha knows what she’s doing,” Steve says, his voice sounding like the slightest rebuke. “She’s not some damsel in distress, you know? She’s had a shit life, but she knows exactly what she’s doing. It’s not the choice that a lot of other women would make, but she makes it because she thinks it’s the right thing to do.” He pauses, face flooding with colour. “I just… Natasha makes her own choices. She doesn’t deserve to be reviled for them.”
Maushmi chews on her lower lip, stares at her feet. “Are you and Daddy getting a… a divorce?” she says, sounding out the unfamiliar word carefully.
!” he snarls, his hand stretched out in front of him, curled like a claw, as if he were ready to wrap it around Steve’s throat and choke the life out of him.
in this lovesick, pleading voice, before he’s coming all over Tony’s fingers. His knot swells against Tony’s hand, and Steve chokes again, shaking, producing a sound halfway between a white and a groan. Tony squeezes his cock, before releasing his grip. He lifts his hand to his mouth and tentatively gives the come a little lick. It tastes like salt, thick, heady, not terribly awful, and Steve’s cock twitches again, the knot receding.
the idea of being powerless, of letting someone else fight his wars for him; Steve always has to jump first, throw the first punch, shoot the first bullet, or he feels like shit.
Tony almost whines. “As you wish,” he says, demurely, and his fingers go to the straps of the lingerie, pulling it down his bare arms. “Like that, baby?”
But somehow this feels filthier, knowing that James is still lingering in the doorway, lost as he’s never been, and Tony’s jittery in his skin, not knowing who to be loyal to, not knowing who is loyal to him, after everything that’s been confessed and realised today.
Peggy steps forward. “HYDRA is the Nazi deep science division. It’s led by Dr. Erskine’s first test subject, Johann Schmidt,” she explains.
“I know, I just…” Tony closes his eyes. “You’re my friend, one of my closest friends; hell, you… I drop my kids off here constantly, and I didn’t have the presence of mind to find out what was going on in
Steve’s hand falls onto his shoulder, and Tony turns, a shout flooding up into his throat, until he realises that it’s Steve who’s standing there, limping, bleeding.
Steve shrugs. “So? Let me just wash up, change into some night clothes, and I’ll get started. What were you thinking for dinner?”
Instead, he makes it past the security at the Pegu Club, taking a seat at the bar. He’s so skilled at this that it takes only the slightest deft hand to slip something into Tiberius Stone’s scotch, just as the bartender places it on the bar and turns around to put the bottle away.
Tony’s throat flexes. “Okay,” he takes their hands in his own, sitting fully on the ground with their legs crossed, when his knees begin to protest, “a divorce is when people who are married stop being married. So, when you get married, you sign a legal document, and when you get divorced, that document is almost torn up. You, in the eyes of the government, are no longer married, yeah?”
He wakes up again to the sound of screaming, at the same time that Steve hurtles awake as well. There are cries ringing through the whole wing, and he and Steve hurtle out into the hallway.
“You have to know that’s bullshit,” she says, almost pleadingly. “You have to know how much those kids love you, how much they think the world of you. God, when you showed up today, their faces just brightened up. They love you, Tony. They love you so much.”
It spreads into his eyes and his mouth and his ears, and he can feel it everywhere, a sickening throb that almost feels like his mother’s embrace in some strange way.
He climbs up the stairs, two at a time, and he reaches the landing, hand gripping the railing, as he skids the full way. He knocks on the door ferociously, and he almost falls forward, when James pulls the door open, surprise flickering in his expression.
“No, it has to be me. I’m the one who can bring him out.” Tony pauses. “But we need to prepare for this. I’m not going to have it end up like the last time. No one else is dying, least of all you or me.”
Tony’s brow furrows, slyly considering the alpha still seated on the edge of the bed out of the corner of his eye.
Peter and Maushmi make him a card from scratch, and all three wake him up to breakfast in bed. Steve even takes the day off. They go to Coney Island, and they go on the Cyclone, the Wonder Wheel, and Maushmi and Peter have their times on the Carousel. They spend time at the beach, under the blustering heat of the sun, and Maushmi and Peter build sandcastles and Tony takes them out into the water so they can run around and awe at the way their feet doesn’t sink into the sand anymore.
There’s a small, weaselly man at the front, short and sly, and three mean-looking men to bring up the rear, just in case there’s a need for muscle. They’re Nazis, Tony realizes quickly, seeing the swastikas on their breasts, bastardized as they are. Tony bristles at the sight, his stomach curdling with disgust.
Tony rolls his hips in slow circles, trying to entice James back into something more, and James tightens his fingers around his sharp hip bones, suddenly pulling Tony onto his cock, practically skewering him, firm and hard, the stretching burning from between his legs up into his throat and eyes.
His eyes are stinging, and he wordlessly passes it over to Steve, first, who stares at it for a moment, before his face catches up to his mind, processing the image, and that steel, masculine veneer of his cracks wide open, and he makes this startled sound, like something’s stuck in his gullet (the sight of it breaks Tony’s heart clean in two, when he realises what this must mean for Steve, these pieces of paper, it means
. And this guy, James, Bucky, whatever he chooses to call himself, he clearly has feelings for you. I’m just saying…” he shrugs, “you probably shouldn’t be worried about Steve leaving you for the Bucky Barnes; you should probably be worried about the Winter Soldier stealing you from your husband.”
Phillips shakes his head. “They’re thirty miles behind the lines, through some of the most heavily fortified territory in Europe. We’d lose more men than we’d save. I don’t expect
. He opens it, and what’s inside turns his stomach, sets his face in a pale, curdled milk colour, like the heat had faded from his skin.
His body sags, and there is come on his belly, and Steve is grinning between his legs, his mouth damp with Tony’s slick.
“Sam… was really not okay with the idea of me flying to Afghanistan. So, one night, he said that we should go out for a drink; he wanted me to have a nice night out, preferably a drunk night out, so that I could let go of all the, uh, stress that I’d been feeling, I suppose.” Steve rubs the back of his neck. “That night, I met Tony for the first time.”
, licking into him. He cries out, fisting his hand in Steve’s hair, and Steve spreads his legs wide, hands a hot brand on the insides of his thighs. Steve licks and licks and licks, and Tony’s on fire, God, he’s burning, and he gets his hand around Steve’s cock, stroking, and Tony’s coming, coming like there are stars and planets going off behind his eyes.
“It is my fault. You wouldn’t have such a terrible view of yourself if I hadn’t made you think that I wanted someone else,” Steve says, solemn, pained. “That’s on me, Tony.”
“As is done,” Tony points out. “I, my wealth, my body, my honour, all of me belongs to Lord Stane, now that my father is dead, and tomorrow, all of me shall belong to you.”
“It doesn’t matter,” Steve says, pinching the bridge of his nose. “I guess I just… I don’t know what I was thinking. I saw the bracelet and I started thinking these things, and that’s not… that wasn’t fair, you’re right. I shouldn’t have asked JARVIS. I was way out of line. I’m sorry.”
James pinches the bridge of his nose. “In all of the mess, one of them got away. It was only when I was cleaning up the bodies that I realised that he’d stolen something.”
Three months into Tony’s bonding, after he has had a chance to settle in Steve’s castle, make friends with the servants, takes charge of the household, Steve comes to him.
Steve nods. “She convinced me it would be better off to see what happened, because she didn’t want to put you in danger if I flew off the handle, and she was right,” he says, defensively, “because if I had come in there, something terrible could have happened to you; I could’ve hurt you.”
Tony walks down the sidewalk, alone, edged with thick flowering brush. He pauses, feeling goosebumps run across his skin. He looks across the street.
Tony watches him for a moment, biting back the instinctive flood of words that rise up in his throat.
“How could I do ever refuse such a request?” James mutters under his breath but nonetheless crawls over to Tony’s side of the bed.
Tony slams his foot again into Hodge’s leg, and he curses, crumpling a little, before wrapping his hand around Tony’s throat and squeezing.
I was sleeping with either, even though I was totally public about it, so, would you deny the fact that I sleep with men because you can’t find it in a fucking tabloid?”
“Oh, wow, Tony, I’m so sorry that I attempt to be a decent, honourable boyfriend who doesn’t use you like a literal credit card.”
Steve’s pupils bloom wide. “Okay,” he says, submissively, and backs away until he’s perching on the edge of the bed.
Today, they don’t know what’s going on. Today, all it looks like is that Daddy and Appa aren’t talking, aren’t doing the things that married couples are supposed to be, that Daddy is never at home, and Appa seems lonely, and sometimes, they sleep in separate beds. But tomorrow, when they’re older, they’ll start to understand, they’ll start to see the cracks and the hollows, and will they understand? Will they understand the choices that he’s made, the decisions that he’s taken? Or will their blame turn on him, because he wasn’t brave enough, because he should have had more dignity and walked out, ended things before they got so far?
“Three weeks later, you were telling me about your whole story, about being in the army, about when your convoy was crashed, and you being kidnapped and brutalised by HYDRA, all the things that they made you do, all the people you hurt because of them-”
“He’d… there was surveillance footage,” Maushmi says, carefully. “Your testimony. Virgil spoke to you, and it all came out. And well, the kids,” she looks at Steve, “all of you, you’d seen things, nothing awful, but enough to put a picture together.”
“Yeah, well, you’re not gonna get it,” Steve sighs. “Remember the game we’re playing? I’m just gonna grab my phone so I can take a picture. Stay just like that, don’t move.”
Brandt waves his aide over. “With all due respect, Colonel, I think we may be missing the point. You’ve seen Steve here in action. More importantly, the country’s seen it.”
“Why didn’t you tell Tony about Bucky, about who he was to you, what he meant to be you?” Eshe asks, patiently, fearlessly.
Tony lifts an eyebrow. “Because I’m such a nice person in my romantic relationships,” he says, dryly.
, and I’m fairly sure that it’s going to start when you actively try to avoid your… transformation,” Tony says, carefully. He frowns and looks at Natasha. “I’m not a massive expert in this, because my last committed, romantic relationship was like more than twenty years ago and the less said about my intense, fucked-up entanglement with Tiberius Stone the better, but that’s a thing, right? Like I got it right?”
James rolls his eyes. “Okay, you don’t get to talk; you wear diamonds in your ears,” he flings back.
“You were sitting on my couch when I opened the door. I almost brained you with a crowbar,” Tony says, flatly.
“You… you are easily the most amazing person I have ever or will ever know,” James says, his voice slightly breathless.
“Hey, hey, just wait, wait a second,” Tony says, swallowing hard, as he tries to stop Steve from pulling away. “I don’t think I went about this as well as I could have. I love you, I love you more than anything, and I am as attracted to you like this, as I was this morning.”
Steve and Tony face ahead, not looking at each other, and their scents are flaring hot in the confined space. Tony can feel the beginnings of the heat’s deluge, and his blood is already beating hot. His tongue feels like it’s stuck to the roof of his mouth, and there’s sweat dampening his brow.
Peter pats him on the cheek, which makes Steve dip his head, as more tears begin to leak out of his eyes. Tony reaches for him, his heart kicking in his chest, and threads his fingers through Steve’s hair. Steve leans against the palm that settles over the back of his skull, and Tony clenches his hand, tight against his scalp.
“She didn’t like it, to say the least,” Tony says, honestly. “She… you know, sometimes I think, sometimes I look at them, and I think that I do everything for them. I… I get them up, I get them dressed, I bathe them, I make their food, and I take them to school and pick them up and help them with their homework and I read to them and I share my interests with them and I take them to all their extra-curricular activities, but I still feel like they’d throw me over for Steve, even if he doesn’t show up, even if he doesn’t do half of what I do for them.”
“You’re not undeserving,” Steve says, almost immediately. “Tony, please, please, I need you to listen to me when I say this. I love you. I love you like… God, I don’t even know how to explain it. All I can say is that I would be half a person if you left me, that you make the world better just by being in my life, that… that I didn’t think I could be this happy, as happy as I am in this moment, and that’s because of you. I
,” he curses, tapping his fist against his forehead. “I have to go, but look, uh, I’ll see if I can come home maybe around lunchtime? Give you a break with the kids?”
“You’re asking my AI if I’m lying to you,” Tony says, sharply. “That’s not just asking. That’s intimating something. That’s crossing a bunch of fucking boundaries, Steve.”
The cement scrapes at his skin, and there’s blood, he can smell it in the air, and he can feel it damp on his skin. When he opens his eyes, he’s on his back, staring up at the sun that bears down on them, and his body is aching, and his mouth is dry, and he can hear his heartbeat in his ears.
Steve stares at him for a moment, unable to process exactly what he is saying, and then, his expression twists up in agony. He rubs his broad palm over his face, and his throat flexes.
The next morning, Tony comes down the stairs to the kitchen, just as his mother taps out one of her antidepressants, swallowing it dry. Ana is cooking breakfast, while Jarvis is emptying out bags of groceries.
don’t marry at eighteen unless we’re certain we’re going to die still married to that person.” He shakes his head. “I shouldn’t even be telling you any of this. You don’t have a right to this information. You don’t get to fucking stand there and judge me like you know anything about me or my marriage or what it’s like to be in my relationship. You don’t get stand here and admit that you played
“There’s this girl. Her name is Sharon, Sharon Carter. She runs this, uh, diner out in Brooklyn. She’s, she’s on the young side, around eighteen. She says that she’s been hearing some things, about these guys who are going to make a play for the diner, maybe to rob or fuck with or do something to it,” Steve explains. “We need to go over and make sure that everything’s okay, that
He grips the base of James’ cock, tight enough to make a vice, like it’s Tony’s ass that he’s wrapped around, and James ruts against the grip. Tony’s hand works at his cock in lazy, upward strokes, as Tony’s mouth sucks gently at the head, swiping his tongue over the slit, and then, he removed his hand, letting himself swallow James’ cock down to the base.
He lurches forward, and he slams his foot into the nearest body. Steve rolls off onto his back with a sharp sound. He looks up at Tony, ready to fight with him as well, and clearly, he sees something in Tony’s face that makes all the protest die on his tongue before they leave his mouth.
“Yeah,” Steve says, pretending to speak to himself rather than to Tony, directly. “Yeah, I think I’ll fuck you.”
“He…” Jarvis clears his throat. “I know it doesn’t mean much, sir, but there is a lot about your father you don’t know.”
He wants to stay, to never leave this room again, because he knows what it feels like now; he knows why his lungs have been clawing at his throat since the moment Peter and Maushmi came screaming into this world; he’s felt the gut-wrenching, hapless, frantic swell of panic, the scrape of his heart joining his lungs in his throat, sharp as a knife; he knows what the fear is, what it tastes like, what it does to him, and it had all been eventualised when he’d gone to Wanda’s house and found it empty, devoid of the twins’ sound, and he knew, he knew without having to search and look that something terrible had happened to them.
“It’s not that easy, okay,” Tony hisses out between his teeth, the flush staining the back of his neck. “It’s not.”
“Because you’re my husband,” Steve says, pathetically earnest. “Because you’re mine. Because I love you; I loved you the moment I met you, and I have never stopped loving you, despite what you may think of me.” His voice is rough, and Tony can see the sheen of tears covering his eyes, eyes glassy with the threat of overspill (he’d always loved that about Steve, how he’d been a man who cried and never thought it shameful, like Howard might have). “I mean, I mean, it’s
James scowls. “Don’t talk about yourself like that,” he says, sounding displeased. “All I meant to say is that I always thought you had a thing for dark-haired guys.”
“Take care of yourself. I do not want to hear that you have not been eating or taking care of yourself,” he insists.
Full whiskey bottles explode like Molotov cocktails. Rolling on the floor, Steve and the Giant Nazi are fighting for control of Indy’s gun. The head of the group sees this and shouts to another one of his companions, who is rising from cover with the submachine gun in hand.
Tony coughs, his chest rattling with the effort, and he struggles to climb to his feet. His legs give out before he can manage it, so he ends up on his hands and knees.
After the train has disappeared off into the tunnel, Tony crosses the cavern, sticking to the walls, peering around to see if there are any German soldiers in the vicinity. He makes his way up the tunnel.
“That works, though,” Tony says, recovering. “Ten minutes after I suck you off, and if Steve can keep going without coming too quickly, you’ll have enough time for me to suck you off and for you to fuck me all in the same encounter.” He claps his hands together. “Places, boys!”
kids are hard, and the work you do for them can get mind-numbing, and sometimes, people just get into a rut; they need to shake things up, and that’s okay. That’s completely okay.” He pauses. “I mean, most people, you know, go back to their office job or start Zumba or something, and don’t get involved with assassin and one-man rebellions against terrorist organisations, but each to their own.”
Steve and Tony peek out into the light from the shadows of an abandoned excavation. In front of them, they can see an improvised airstrip serving the digs: a crude runway, a tent supply depot, two fuel tank trucks. Down by the fuel trucks, a German mechanic is looking skyward, expectantly. Tony and Steve follow his gaze, drawn by the roaring sound of an airplane above, which circles around the digs in preparation for landing.
to see her, wearing that necklace, touching you the way she was. She wanted to prove a point. She wanted to prove to you that she could do this, muddle up business and pleasure wherever she pleases, and she wanted to prove to me that she had a hand on you.”
Timely’s a small enough town that they reach school within a matter of five minutes. At the front of the school, a few grade-schoolers, no older than five or sex, all blonde-haired, blue-eyed, the perfect Aryan dream, are playing jump-rope, singing a haunting song that returns the knot to Tony’s belly.
“In more than one way,” he says, his voice like acid. “She wanted to prove to me that she was fucking you, and like an idiot, you let her do that. You couldn’t even be smart by having an affair. You couldn’t keep your mistress in line; if you had, I might never have found out, might never have put the pieces together, might never have looked at what you were doing too deeply.”
to give him the autonomy to make those choices, Steve, even if it sucks, even if it means watching him leave. He
Steve watches Tony closely as he drains his glass and puts it down. “Did I ever say I was sorry I burned down your bar?”
response too, baby. You wouldn’t have liked it very much if I’d laid there like a dead fish, right? You wanted to feel like a proper, strapping man, making your husband fly into pieces at your mere touch. You wanted me to say all of those things, indulge in your little possessive kick, because you wanted to feel safe and secure in the knowledge that no one can make me feel the way I do but you, because you think, you think if you satisfy this part of me, this obscene part of me that craves orgasms, you can be safe within your marriage. You don’t have to do anything else if you can do this for me, right? You don’t have to be worried about anything else if you know you’ve still got it, if you know you can still fuck me better than anyone else can. You’ve come a long way from the virgin who got into a bar fight for me, haven’t you?”
“One, two, Obie’s coming for you. Three, four, better lock your door. Five, six, grab your crucifix. Seven, eight, gonna stay up late. Nine, ten, never sleep again–”
“This is… this is all your fault. I wouldn’t be… I wouldn’t be in this mess if it weren’t for you,” he says, his voice turning hateful, venomous, a tone that he never thought he’d ever take with Steve.
Tony touches James’ cheek, his chest hurting. “I know you would, but I don’t want you to. I don’t want…” he swallows hard and looks away, letting out a low, shuddering exhale of air that is almost painful. “It’s too late,” he says, almost regretfully.
“I didn’t know you two were going to be there,” Natasha says, almost hysterically. “If I’d known, I’d never have worn it. Tony, I’m a bitch, but I’m not a complete cunt. Yeah, I was trying to mess with you a little, try and get a good picture of what sort of person you were, but I wasn’t deliberately trying to sabotage your relationship.”
“Do you truly believe that I would allow anything to happen to you or Master Peter or Miss Maushmi?” JARVIS asks, gently.
Tony purses his lips thin. “I’m not someone who likes to be ordered around,” he says, carefully, his voice like ice.
Dr. Banner has in his hands another hypodermic needle. “Now, this is just going to let you relax and sleep, Tony–”
“I will beat the shit out of you,” he calls out, his voice sharp around the edges. “I swear. Now you might as well come out from wherever you’re hiding. I’ve already called the cops.”
“You sound ridiculous, and I’m not… I’m not going to stand here and explain my fucking actions to you. I’m not justifying myself to you, Steve. I don’t need to. I’m a grown fucking adult, and I’m capable of making my own decisions. You come and find me when you’re sober and you want to have an actual fucking adult conversation,” Tony says, scathingly, and makes to push past him out of the lounge.
Steve starts laughing properly this time, the sounds wracking his body, and then, as if there was switch that finally turned on inside him. He heaves, his hands shaking atop his thighs.
Tony watches him go, or rather, watches him walk out of the door with a backpack thrown over his shoulder, on his way to the bike parked out on the driveway. She stands against the doorframe, as he goes.
“Well, if you’re so opposed to the idea of having lavender in your house, maybe I should just take that bouquet away–”
James lifts his chin, every tilt of the muscle and bone set in defiance. “Yeah, and I don’t regret it.”
When Tony comes back home, the children are still fast asleep, and Steve tells him that they haven’t woken up at all.
Tony pretends like that doesn’t affect him, pretends like he’s not imagining Steve in such a state, but in their bed, those broad, pale hands running all over his body.
Steve stares at him, his pupils blown black, and Tony knows, he just knows that Steve can smell him, smell his scent which is flaring hot, the blood pulsing through his body, the rush of slick, all of it.
Peggy’s quietly amused. “Tony’s the best civilian pilot I’ve ever seen, and mad enough to brave this airspace. We’re lucky to have him.” She clears her throat. “The HYDRA camp is in Krausberg, tucked between two mountain ranges,” Peggy explains. “It’s a factory of some kind.”
“I’m coming back,” Tony replies, his voice shaking in his throat. “Okay? I just need to go and find that box. Just… a minute, give me a minute.”
“We are, uh, we are bonded, and I assume that we will spend the rest of our lives together. If you wish me to call you Tony, then, I insist you call me Steve.”
Steve’s throat flexes. “I don’t know, the lingerie, the heels,” he leans down, sliding his hand up Tony’s calf. “And you fucking shaved.”
“But yeah, either there’s some genetic phenomenon going on here, which I think is highly unlikely, or Bucky Barnes didn’t go missing in Afghanistan. He was kidnapped by HYDRA, and I know from what James has told me that HYDRA had operations going on in that part of the world, because they have their hands in all the pies. HYDRA clearly did something to him that removed all of his memories, which made it easier for them to turn him into a fucking killing automaton for their purposes.” Tony looks away. “Sometimes, he slips,” he says, quietly. “Sometimes, he talks differently, you know? I didn’t… maybe I wasn’t paying too much attention. Sometimes, he talks in… well, machine rhetoric.”
Steve had just looked down his nose at the guy – quite literally too, because he was at least a foot taller than him, and said, “It doesn’t look like he’s interested. Maybe you should leave.”
For a moment, he feels that instinctive insecurity, because Steve and James are specimens of human perfection in their own right; they’re made to kill, predators in their own right, and their bodies are wired tight, ready to kill, and Tony doesn’t have that; he doesn’t have that savage beauty to him.
Steve hesitates for an agonising moment. “Nat, how could somebody get under the covers with you guys without
The alpha stares at him, and the heat is twisting further, and Tony backs away, only to collide with a chest, which makes him turn around abruptly.
“I’ll stay with you,” Tony finds himself saying before he can think too deeply. “I’m not going anywhere.”
Steve grips him, his arms surrounding him like an uncompromising hold, and then, Tony is being flattened against one of the corners of the cart, Steve shielding him like an indomitable wall of muscle, trying to avoid contact with the bouncing chest.
Half of Tony’s body is cold, the unburned side, and the other half, is still blistering hot, the burns gleaming and bleeding and flushed. His eyes track down to the gauntlet and feels an immeasurable well of hatred for those damnable stones, those stupid fucking gems that killed so many people, that threatened and hurt so many others, and the bastard who wanted to use them for evil.
“Steve, Steve!” he calls out. “Steve, don’t be like this. Look, I’m sorry. You’re right. I did make assumptions, and they were the wrong assumptions. You’re right. Just… just don’t go, don’t…” he trails off.
Tony grins, dragging his finger over the bird-beak sharp lines of his collarbone. “What kind of fantasies?”
“I had sex with him back then, and he looks just as hot as he was back then. And I think I know exactly what’s going through his head right now.”
Steve’s throat flexes. “When I come back,” he swallows hard, “when I come back, we will talk about this bonding of ours.”
him,” Steve stresses, twisting his head so that Tony can read the truth in his eyes. “He was… he was an arrogant, crude prick that hated his only son because he knew his son was smarter than him and he couldn’t stand that. He set his eyes on
that, and I thought you realised that I knew all of that. So, you don’t get to stand here and act like I didn’t know what the consequences are. Because I knew. I fucking knew.”
“It’s because of you,” he finally manages to say. “It’s because of the way that you look at me, the way that you touch me, now and always. You look at me like you could eat me whole, like you could crawl into my chest and stay there forever. That’s why I’m so sweet for you, Steve.”
“Come on, Steve,” he murmurs, nudging his nose against the hollow of Steve’s throat. “Do you know how long it’s been? I know we have kids but that doesn’t mean our sex life needs to die in a ball of flame, does it?”
Tony imagines it, imagines all the people that have been hurt, killed, brutally murdered by these people, imagines all of the people that
Tony considers it for a moment – it’s not that he doesn’t believe Steve when he says that he’s not fucking her, that he’s never laid a hand on her, but he can’t help the fact that he’s associated Natasha Romanoff with everything wrong in his marriage for
“That’s all you need to be a good father,” James says, confidently. “Which is something that your husband doesn’t know about.”
“I’m going to take a photo too, so that whenever I want, I can look at it and know that this is my fucking cunt; it fucking belongs to me,” Steve growls. “You have a problem with that?”
“So, who is she?” Tony asks, carefully, tempering his tongue as much as he can, eyeing his husband, evenly. “You’ve never mentioned her before.”
Now, more than ever, he wants to reach out and claw Steve back to him, open up his chest and pull Steve inside, if it would mean that Steve wouldn’t leave him.
“Tony,” Steve says, worriedly, padding into the bathroom on bare feet, because he knows that Tony prefers it when people leave their shoes at the front of the house, “honey, what’s wrong?”
Slowly, though, he starts to come out of the depression that had ensued after they’d received confirmation that he would never go back his serumed self. He trains with Natasha, building up muscle and strength, and he goes out, to the VA, on runs, and he meets a nice ex-pararescue named Sam, whom Tony thinks could steal Steve away from him and he would probably be okay with it.
compared to what I feel for you, Peter Pan,” she murmurs, rubbing her thumb over his rounded, soft cheek. “I feel the same way right now.” She licks her lips. “If you don’t want me to marry Steve and Bucky, I won’t marry them.”
“No, I’m glad you did; I’m just saying that your premise is faulty,” Tony growls. “Anyway, back to the happy memories, you dragged me into one of the rooms and asked me not to call the cops because he was going to force himself on that girl, and I agreed. I left the frat party, and you were waiting for me in my apartment, which was no small amounts of creepy.”
that anyone would even think to take them. They’re four, they’re fucking four and they don’t know anything and they’re probably scared, and I am
What strikes him the most, more than the fact that Peter and Maushmi feel so distant from their father that they don’t even count him as part of the family any more, as if he were no more of a stranger, the stranger that sometimes comes home, eats dinner with them and sleeps in Appa’s bed, the sum and total of his presence in their lives, is the fact that Peter thought that someone would look at his original drawing, worry about what people would say when they saw it and decided to make another to appease their sentiments.
“Pretty much,” Tony admits grudgingly. “I think it just made him realise how woefully ignorant he is, because he has absolutely no idea what I do all day, where I go. Of course, things weren’t helped by you leaving that stupid bracelet on my bathroom sink. We got into a fight. It was… not good.”
Eshe’s lip curls over her teeth, thoughtfully, gazing at Steve for a moment. She turns to Tony. “Tony, if Steve had told you, when you first met, when you first started to fall in love, that he had been in love with someone else, that he had lost that person without ever having the chance to tell that person, but that he still loved you, that him loving this person had no bearing no how much he loved you, how do you think you would have reacted?”
It’s almost an out-of-body experience, explaining all of this to Wanda; it’s the only way he can protect himself.
He is flooded with panic and struggling, but they hold his arms firm against the trough, as his throat slowly opens, letting in pint by a pint of water, even if he gags.
They come around a corner and come into view of a covey of bats. Tony curses, and Steve glowers at him.
“Look, Steve,” Tony says, gently, “maybe it’s just a good idea if you take a step back right now. For the most part, the bunnies are gone. Thor’s handling Loki, and between Clint’s arrows and the Hulk, I think we’ve got this sorted. Just take a breather. You don’t have to continue being the Captain of Captains right now–”
“No, of course not,” Eshe says, almost immediately, shaking her head. “But your children have the idea that you’re not around, at least in a way that’s significant to them. Steve, I wholeheartedly believe that you love your children, that they are the most important thing to you, but I find with parents, especially fathers, who go out to work – and I’m sorry if it sounds like I think you don’t work, Tony, because of course I appreciate how difficult it must be to take care of the children
“We’re going to sleep,” he says, sternly, pulling back the covers. “All of us. We need a couple more hours, and then, we can get up.”
Isn’t his physical safety a worthy compromise where hundreds, thousands, millions of lives are at stake?
He surges up, his chest pressed against Tony’s, and Tony drapes his arms around Steve’s shoulders, keeping him pinned there.
“And then, a little while later, James came over. He was injured, bleeding badly, and he couldn’t go to the hospital. I patched him up, but he left his bracelet on the sink before he left, and Steve found it.”
He knocks on the door to Sam and Wanda’s cute little suburban home, and the door opens almost immediately.
?” he asks, his eyes wild, feral, intense. “And you have the nerve to stand there and accuse me of endangering our family when you let a fucking Russian assassin near our
“I’m going to find out why the engines have shut down.” Steve looks over his shoulder at him, his eyes were soft. “Stay here, please.”
Steve reaches out and grasps Tony’s hand, solid and warm, and just slightly damp with sweat. Tony looks at him, sees the love in his pale blue eyes, and breathes in tandem with him.
Maushmi, on the other hand, is loud. She makes her presence known, and she fights, fights hard and never gives an inch. Tony is stubborn, but Maushmi’s stubbornness is all Steve’s, the sort of stubbornness that is born in a Brooklyn alleyway, defending yourself from bullies twice your height with a trash-can lid. Maushmi would do that, would jump into the fray without a second thought and would kick a bully in the crotch all for the sake of being a bully.
Steve rolls his eyes, just as he plants his hands on James’ shoulders, pushing him further down the bed.
me to bite you. You never said–” He’s setting his shoulders in a defensive slant, as though he’s going to war against Tony. “Tony, you
Tony smiles. “Who said that I intended to escape from this base? Let me be very clear about something. I will kill us all before I let you or that diseased, genocidal lunatic that you call a leader touch what is in that chest.”
“But I’m not lying about this. She’s my friend, she’s a colleague, and she often comes with me on these missions, but I am not interested in her in a romantic or a sexual way, I promise you that,” Steve says, vehemently.
Natasha smiles a smile that sets Tony’s teeth on edge. “You couldn’t see the bastard,” she spits out. “You could just see all of the cuts happening, all at once.”
“Considering that you’re willing to throw your body over mine to protect me, I feel like I need to reward you,” he says, smoothly.
“I don’t care. I know what you did, Steve. I know that you’ve been sleeping with Natasha Romanoff. Even if she’s a fucking SHIELD agent instead of a receptionist, the end result is the same. You threw over your Indian husband and your Indian kids for your white mistress.”
“Where the hell have you been?” Steve demands, and then, turns his face into the crook of his elbow to cough twice, his entire chest wracking with the sensation.
“Yeah, because he feels guilty,” James says, derisively. “You deserve better than that too. You deserve someone who only thinks of you, who only dreams of you.”
“That maybe I was the fucking idiot in all of this, that you and he were just screwing with me behind my back, that maybe it wasn’t just that you were fucking him, but maybe there was something a lot more insidious going on.”
that tight little cunt of yours, not inside it,” Steve muses. “I’m going to keep fucking you, and when I’m ready to come, I’m going to pull out, and you’re going to spread yourself for me, show me that fucking greedy hole of yours, and I’m going to cover you in my come. And then, you’re going to keep spreading it for me, so I can look at you as much as I like. How does that sound, baby? You like that idea?”
“You promise?” Peter asks, in a small, unsure of voice, peering up at him with those big, dark eyes of his that are so similar to Tony’s.
Natasha grabs him. “I’m not insane, okay?” she barks. “Don’t look at me like I’m some kind of fucking nutcase or something–”
. There’s a crucifix, which Tony assumes belonged to Sarah Rogers. There’s a movie stub from Tony and Steve’s first date. There’s dog tags that have
There’s no answer, there’s no whooping and the excited rushing up of his two children to meet him, clutching at his legs so that he’ll deign to lift them onto his hips.
“Great.” Phillips rounds on him. “Why don’t we start with how a German spy got a ride to my secret installation in
“Don’t be. This is a really stressful time for you,” Tony says, immediately. “Just… don’t make any assumptions about what I’m attracted and not attracted to.”
. There is literally nothing that matters to me more than you do, than our kids do, than Bucky does. That’s it. That’s all I see when I close my eyes, just the four of you.”
“Online,” Tony explains, breezily. “A very discrete store that sells these sorts of things. Steve,” he says, gently. “Are you really curious about the consumer market for men’s lingerie? Don’t you want to, uh, make use of the purchase that we already have?”
Steve turns around from the stove, and his eyes light up. “Buck,” he says and claps the other man on the shoulder.
“Is that what he told you?” Steve asks, his voice ugly. “That he was forced into it? Is that why you gave it up to him, Tony? Because he told you that he wasn’t the bad guy, that he was the fucking hero? Because he was lying to you, sweetheart,” he says, with a hungry, haunted smile, “he was just lying to you, so you’d get on your back for him, and you did.”
Tony lifts his eyes, makes his expression as solid and firm as possible. “Because I don’t know how to live without him,” he says, honestly.
Steve falls silent and folds his arms over his chest. “You would never have done this, this morning. You would never have kept anything from me,” he retorts, a little pained. “You’re only doing this because I look like this now.”
It was done in a hurry, not the grand society affair that her mother and father would have preferred in the end; she and Ty had rushed to town hall and signed papers and Toni had worn a white cocktail dress and that was it, they were married, and it was done, something that Howard couldn’t take away from her.
“You really did,” Tony muses, feeling his toes curl a little at the memory of that particular orgasm.
“Nothing happened,” Tony says, defensively. “Nothing happened between us. I just… I just wanted an explanation. I wanted to know why he left, why he came back. I haven’t…” he drags his hand over his face. “I haven’t thought about James in years, Wanda, haven’t thought about my feelings for him since I fell in love with Steve, and then, the second that I saw him again, it was like… it was like I was still that teenager at college, it was like I hadn’t left, hadn’t stopped loving James for a second. I wanted to know. I thought… I don’t know if I could’ve gone through the rest of the day without knowing.”
Tony has his bad days, and so does Steve, and sometimes, they can’t even drag themselves out of bed. So, on those days, the other stays with them in bed, makes them comfort food, and they just cuddle away the day.
Steve just stares at him, a raging, singular profile on his own, pale and taut. “When did you become so bitter, Tony?” he asks, coldly.
Toni allows herself calm down, and she pinches the bridge of her nose. “Okay, keep going with your explanation,” she says, faultlessly polite.
“I’m not trying to… hurt your feelings, but I see this happen a lot: relationships that end because people don’t communicate, they don’t talk. And it sucks,” she says, bluntly, “because there are lot of people out there who could have made it work if they’d just talked to each other.” Her eyes flit over to Steve. “Steve, do you respect Tony?”
He knows the bracelet. He gave it to James years and years ago, wrapped it around his wrist and everything.
But then, Steve would find out, and that might actually push the man over the edge and pack his bags.
“I’m not a fucking snitch, and I… I’ll always protect you, James,” he swears. “I don’t care if we’re not… if we’re not anything anymore. You’re still… fuck, James, you’re still my friend; you were my friend before you were anything else. I’ll always protect you. You’re one of my
The maids come, Tony hides, and when they leave, he climbs into the bath, which is boiling, steam billowing from the top. It scalds at his skin, burns it, but he finds it somewhat comforting. He sinks down completely, disappearing under the water, and for a brief second, he wonders what would happen if he just didn’t rise to the top; would Natasha pull him up, would she just let hm die? It seems like such a sweet option.
. I can’t just…” he looks away. “I love you, Tony. Please, please don’t go, please don’t leave it like this.”
“Tony,” Steve says, in a low, rushed voice that does things to Tony’s belly that no other alpha ever has. “How… why, I mean, it’s not that I’m not happy to see you, because I am, I
Pepper scowls at him. “Hey, don’t pretend like you and Steve aren’t going to be doing the exact same thing once we go to bed, okay?”
“So,” Tony says, a frantic edge to his voice, “you will want to send for the guards, have me put in irons and taken down to the dungeons to await your justice.”
James taunts him a bit, sinks in an inch, just to drive Tony into a frenzy, grind himself down, then, he pulls back, but then he gets it nicely, as Steve digs his thumbs into the divots at the base of his spine, as he rolls his hips forward.
This feels like the same, feels like all of those nights together, but it lacks those blankets, that definitive understanding that Tony had fooled himself into believing that Steve loved him, loved him the way that Tony loved him, that even if Howard hated it and hated the idea of them, they had each other, and that was enough.
“Hodge passed every test we gave him. He’s big, he’s fast, and he takes orders. In short, he’s a soldier,” Phillips argues.
Tony’s eyes meet his, and he has this absurd wish to kiss him like they did in that tent, but he doesn’t.
“And the owner’s kid, real weisenheimer that one, he used to make fun of the fact that you couldn’t see over the top of the counter.” James laughs, a bold, bright sound that makes his entire body shake, that makes Tony’s entire form flood with warmth. “Because of him, you used to put newspapers in your shoes, remember? You were so careful with ‘em, the way you folded ‘em in your shoes to give you that extra lift. But then, it rained the next day, and you had to walk around with soggy shoes for the next two days.”
Lord Steven climbs under the sheets, and Tony turns around, lying on his back. “They will think me barren,” he says, after a moment, braving the words.
Slowly, but surely, though, James becomes a fundamental part of their lives, all of their lives, so much so that it becomes hard quite soon to imagine a time in their lives where he wasn’t there.
Tony shrugs. “I just thought we should have some time alone together,” he explains. He pouts. “Did I do wrong, Steve?”
“First, they are Steve’s kids too, and he’s fully capable of picking the kids up and delivering them to their extra-curricular activities, so you can have some rest or a break,” James tells him, patiently. “And if he were here, he’d be telling you the same thing and you know it.”
“I feel like you just confiscated these because you wanted to have all the power in this conversation,” James says, dryly.
Toni tries her hardest to flinch, to stop her expression from wavering, and she rakes her fingers through his hair.
Grant continues to accost him, here and there, his lusts and wants clearly not having been slaked with one night.
Tony’s eyes widen with panic, and he starts shaking Steve’s shoulders, with one hand, while trying to wrestle control of the car with the other, which isn’t helped by the fact that Steve’s foot is firmly on the gas.
here, saying all of this to you, confiding like we’re… we’re friends. We’re not friends. I shouldn’t be here. It’s muddling up everything in my head,” he says, soft and unmoving, his voice muffled by his palms.
“I know it sounds weird. I know it sounds like I’m a total headcase. I don’t blame you for doubting me or thinking that I’m crazy. I don’t at all,” he says in a rush. “I just… he was there, and–”
Tony gnaws on his lower lip, so full, stretched wide around the not meagre girth of James’ cock, reduced to dirty little grinds of his hips to at least prove to himself that he’s doing something here instead of lying there like a dead fish while James takes himself out on his pliant body. He undulates his hips back, his breath caught somewhere in his throat, as James takes him apart, as if they had never missed years together, as if they’d never been parted, as if they’d spent all these years together and this, the three of them, that’s all they’d ever been and could ever be.
“Sir,” Tony whines, making a soft, desperate noise at the back of his throat. “I don’t want to wait anymore. I’m stretched, I’m good for it, I know I am.”
He crumples, hitting the ground, wrapping his arms around the rim of the bucket, and he sobs, his heart hammering in his chest.
Steve blinks, slow and wide, as if not realising who’s coming towards them, and then, a grin splits his face, the sort of smile that Tony hasn’t seen in months, which makes his chest hurt just a little.
“I don’t see any evidence to the contrary,” Tony says, stubbornly. “I loved you,” his mouth trembles at the edges, “I loved you with everything in me. I thought, in some stupid, foolish way, that we’d… once you were done learning what you needed to learn from my father, we’d leave, and we’d go on all these adventures together, and we’d be together.” He looks down at his feet, his face hot with shame. “That’s what I wanted. I wanted you, and I wanted to stay with you, and it was only after you left that I realized that you didn’t want me back, that I’d made all of it up in my head.”
This is sex, he reminds himself, just sex, just an itch that needs to be scratch, for both of them, a way to get rid of the adrenaline rushing through his body.
Steve doesn’t rise to the bait easily. “You tell me, sweetheart. I’m not the one who’s been acting strange the last couple of weeks.”
Tony does as he bids, settling on his hands and knees, waiting as the mattress drips, when Steve puts a knee on top. A big, deft hand strokes him, from the nape of his neck to the base of his spine, before groping at his ass.
Tony jerks around with panicked eyes, expecting the killer to leap out from any direction, but there's only the sea of staring eyes. His hands are shaking, as he crouches and picks up his books.
Tony unbuttons Steve’s jeans, pulling the zipper down. He slips inside the waistband of Steve’s underwear, palming his cock until he swells up fully between his fingers. Steve grunts, and his cock jerks into Tony’s palm.
“What do I look like, a heathen?” Tony scoffs and steps aside so that Steve can cross the threshold.
, Tony thinks, and then, before he even knows what he’s doing, he’s getting his hands on the unconscious Nazi’s submachine gun. It roars to life in his hands, and the small Nazi runs for cover, as Tony gets control of the gun and levels it. The small Nazi dives around the end of the bar opposite Tony. When he has set himself, he peeks up over the edge of the scorched bar.
But it’s almost anti-climactic the way that Stone dies, and he just wants to see Toni, to wrap his arms around her and kiss her until she’s making that whining noise against him or watch some dystopian movie with her, so that she can mercilessly mock each and every character’s decision for the full two and a half hours.
James grips him by the waist when he strides out of the closet, pulling him against his lean, hard form, so that he can sniff at his hair.
“Huh,” Toni drags out. “Do you think that makes me a terrible person? That I’m immediately suspicious of what the two of you are doing with another woman?”
Pepper shrugs. “I dreamed about this guy in a dirty red and yellow sweater; he                      walked into the room I was in, right, right through the wall, like it was smoke or something, and just stared at me. Sort of… like those guys on the bus who stare at your legs? Then he walked out through the wall on the other side.  Like he'd just come to check me out...” she trails off.
know who Steve is anymore; the Steve that he married all those years ago, the Steve that he had children with would never have dreamed of carrying on an affair behind his back. The Steve that he knew would never have abandoned his family for someone else. The Steve that he knew would never have would have treated him like he was disposable, something to be hidden away at home like he was embarrassing. The Steve he knew, if he fell in love with someone else, would have been a man about it, would have come to him and told him to his fucking face that he was leaving him; he wouldn’t have hidden it, he wouldn’t have forced Tony to come to the miserable, awful, dreadful realisation on his own. The Steve he knew wouldn’t have treated him the way that he did, wouldn’t have fucked him just to prove a point, wouldn’t have thought him capable of screwing around on him.
“I’ll bet you do,” Tony cajoles. “I’ve sung it plenty of times. Why don’t you give it a go? And if you don’t know the words, it’s okay, I’ll keep singing.”
Tony curves forward, and then, his arc reactor pinches against a muscle or a tendon inside him, and he winces, rubbing against the spot, until whatever it is, shifts, and he can no longer feel the sharp pressure there.
, made something more important that HDYRA and the mission; you get that? They would’ve made me watch on my fucking knees as they shot you in the head, so I’d never forget what happens when I draw someone into this clusterfuck that I find myself in. It isn’t romantic, Tony. It isn’t. It wouldn’t have been. All it would’ve been is that you would have died, and I’m sorry, Tony, I love you too much. I don’t care if you hate me today, but you’re
“Of course,” Wanda says, pleasantly enough, and turns over her shoulder to yell. “Kids, your dad is here. You ready to go?”
It’s a medley of fresh colour in the pan, and the smell overtakes him, making the hairs on his arm stand on end, when he adds the sambal paste and the salt.
Steve snorts and stops just short of the kids’ bedroom – despite having a tremendous amount of room in this absurd mansion, the twins had absolutely insisted on sharing a bedroom and Tony hadn’t had the heart to separate them at all.
Once they’d had the kids, Tony had decided to work from home, mostly, considering most of his engineering happened in his workshop anyway and he could sign paperwork anywhere. It made it easier that one of them stayed at home, so they could watch over the immediate wants and needs of the kids, and then, when Steve came home, they swapped. Tony went down to the workshop, and Steve dealt with playtime and dinner.
“And my mother?” Tony snaps at him. “Was she an acceptable casualty in yours and my father’s stupid adventure craze?”
“You know what, I have something to show you,” Tony says, cajoling, and pulls out his phone, flicking it open to show the camera. “You remember how I told you that Appa makes phones, right?”
“Do you have any idea how many nights and days I’ve had to do this for myself?” Tony asks, his mouth parted. “Do you have any idea how many mornings I’ve woken up hard and wanting you, and you weren’t
The soldiers look ready to protest; he’s on the smaller side, and leanly made, but he brandishes the poker with easy, unthinking confidence, and he’s never been afraid to use it.
“Contrary to popular belief, I do know what fatherly responsibilities entail,” Howard drawls. He pauses. “How are you feeling?”
His nose makes the path, travelling along the curve of his shoulder, and Tony yelps when Steve’s teeth closes around the bare, sharp plane, his cock turning impossibly hard in his sweats.
Tony struggles a bit with the tiny chair made for tiny human beings but manages to perch himself on the edge of it.
“Shut up,” Tony mutters. “Anyway, the next morning, I woke up, the bed was cold, like you hadn’t been in it for hours, and there was a note:
“James, James, I’m with my family right now,” Tony tells him, his heart pounding like a jackhammer in his chest.
“I’m afraid I had an ulterior motive to coming to see your show, Steve,” Tony tells him, as they’re approaching Tony’s hotel.
Tony laughs. “No, of course not. You’ve always had the muscles, but since when can you carry a grown man on your back for an indefinite amount of time without needing to stop?”
He shudders down to his fingers and toes. He stops himself before he goes any further, terrified of even invoking those words, terrified of putting them out into the air, into the universe, something akin to shame and embarrassment twisting in his chest like a living thing.
Steve’s eyes flit to the road, and the car is driving onto the side of the road, losing control. The car skids and slides in a desperate battle to put itself back on the road, but loose gravel spins it, and the car slams nose-first into a large tree.
Peter’s eyes well up, turn glassy with the threat of overspill. “Is that what’s going to happen to you and Daddy?” he asks, afraid.
He ambles forward and then, suddenly, without warning, he’s lifting Tony up into the air, despite Tony’s high-pitched, short yelp.
Steve’s face is solemn, strained. “You said that you could see yourself forgiving what I did,” he says, quietly.
He settles back against the pillow, closes his eyes, and he falls asleep, the exhaustion finally getting to him.
He slides his hand up the bony spine of the boy, and it fists in the boy’s hair, tugging his hair up.
“You knew him, all of you did. You know something and you’re not telling us,” Tony goes onto say, a tight knot in his belly.
Steve’s fingers grip Tony’s hip, finding the groove in his bone, squeezing, and then, the whole length of his body pressing up against Tony’s backside. Tony bites his lip, when Steve rubs his cock against him. One of his arms curls around Tony’s thigh, setting his legs open, his fingers biting into Tony’s hips tight enough to bruise.
“You should have seen the judgment in his eyes,” he says, the words grating out of him like steel on stone. “Like I should have been waiting at home with the kids for him like a good little husband, preferably with a hot meal ready for him to eat. Like I should never have expected him to pick up the kids, because all I do is play with metal in my workshop, right? I don’t have a
“You’re wrong,” Tony says, taking a step closer to him. “You’re wrong about why I left you in that hotel room. It didn’t, it didn’t have anything to do with the fact that I saw you as nothing more than a roll in the hay. It wasn’t that at all. I wasn’t…” He closes his eyes. “You didn’t bite me.”
Abraham clicks off the microphone and nods to an omega nurse, who opens a case, revealing a gleaming aluminium syringe. She taps the needle, checking the liquid contained inside, pulls back the plunger, and injects Steve in the arm.
Pepper pokes at the flame in the hearth at the sitting room in Tony’s wing, and Natasha pulls back the drapes at the window.
me,” Tony retorts. “We were together for a few moons before you ran off to fight some others alpha’s battle. You have been gone for a year, Steve. You don’t know me. We are strangers. There is no need to defend me so ferociously. No one will reward you for it, I can assure you.”
James crosses the space between him and Steve and cups his jaw in his broad hands, kissing him slow and sweet on the mouth. When he pulls back, Steve just stares at him, bug-eyed and surprised, and then, he makes a soft, high noise at the back of his throat, sinking into a chair at the breakfast table.
His lower lip starts quivering, before he sinks his teeth into it, forcing himself to cage his emotion.
“And then, he finally realised that I was sitting there, like a fucking idiot,” he laughs, harsh and grating, “and he fell over himself all over again trying to explain who she was and why she was hugging him. Turns out that this restaurant that we’d gone to,
“But you… God, Tony, you lied to me too, you know? The, uh, the time when Bucky clearly came over and left that bracelet on the sink-”
“Steve gave me the necklace. He bought it for me. I tried very hard to convince him against it, but you know him. He’s-”
He doesn’t mourn his father, but when he sees his mother’s still, gaunt face, the dark colour of her skin washed out, there are tears in his eyes that falls, running down his face in rivers, matting in the collar of his jerkin.
That night, Tony finds himself in the Whip & Fiddle Pub, dressed in a dark floral blazer and tailored slacks, gold in his ears and at his throat, and dark, smoky eyeliner.
Toni’s eyes light up, and she jumps to her feet, tablet abandoned. “Yes, yes, let’s go,” she insists, linking her hand with his and pulling him to his feet. “I’ve been thinking about that all day. You had me wet and leaking your come when I threw that heel of mine by the way. It was great.”
“So, tell me, Tony, have any severe childhood illnesses? Scarlet fever? High temperatures? Concussions?” Dr. Banner goes onto ask.
“Hey, you’re alone the whole time when the kids are off at school; the only one who can possibly verify your story is JARVIS.”
Tony’s mouth quirks up in a brief, pale copy of a smile. “I understand,” he says, lightly, and takes a drag of his wine glass.
And then, he adds a second one and a third, and it’s an awkward angle, with his arm tucked underneath his thigh to reach his hole. His fingers press against his prostate, and he rubs at it, insistently, feeling the spark of pleasure begin to build up at the base of his spine.
“He hasn’t seen me in almost a decade; he’s screwed God knows how many people since he left me, and I’ve spent the last four years of my life being a glorified househusband for you, and he
Tony chews on his lower lip. “What would you say if I told you that your Daddy and I were seeing James?”
“I reversed the connection,” Tony tells him. “I made it so that the bugs showed SHIELD’s feeds, not the other way around.”
Tony sighs. “Remember that day I came to visit you in your apartment, and I ran off in a hurry because I had to pick up the kids from school?”
“I had no other choice,” James argues. “You wouldn’t have answered my calls. You wouldn’t have seen me any other way, unless I took you by surprise. Please, I need your help.”
Tony still loves Steve, loves his children, loves the family they’ve made together, and he’d never do anything to jeopardise that.
Suddenly, the ground underneath him shakes and gives away, and the basket shifts from side to side with him inside. Tony clutches onto the scraping wicker on the inside, but somehow, he manages to wedge the top just an inch. Through the narrow slit of air, he can see Steve fighting off a bunch of Nazis.
Tony cuts himself off before he goes on, because he knows that Steve won’t take it the right way, will see things in it that aren’t there.
Tony finds Steve in an overcoat, sitting on the edge of the stage, despondent, sketching a chimp dressed as Captain America riding a unicycle.
He slides into her with ease, and she grips the headboard behind her, her mouth open in a silent sound that could be a whine or a moan or even a scream and he wouldn’t know. He snaps his hips forward, and the sound escapes her, a low, little shout that has her body curving inward. He sets a fast, brutal pace, the way that they both like, making sure to keep his breathing under control, and Toni clutches onto him, her nails digging into his shoulders.
“You have,” Tony agrees. “But you weren’t trying to prove a point when you were possessive before. Before, you would have socked a frat guy in the face for getting too handsy with me because you knew I didn’t like it. You were never possessive with a selfish edge, Steve. Now, you are. This whole thing,” he gestures to the bed, “that we just did, that was all about you. You wanted to prove to me that there is no one else in the world for me but you.”
“Why do you have a gun, Steve?” Tony grinds out. “Should I be scared? Are you planning on killing me and then, turning the gun on yourself, so that we can become another fucking statistic? Is that really what you want the kids to think of you? A fucking murder investigation and the knowledge that their Daddy killed their Appa because he was a jealous prick?”
Tony strips off his shirt first, finding the confidence to do that from somewhere – his bearer would think him vulgar, acting the part of a whore, giving up the goods instead of being a proper omega who waits for his bonding night to spread his legs for an alpha.
The throbbing changes, and he’s filling Tony deeper, rougher, and Tony can’t breathe, can’t feel anything but Steve’s cock inside him, and Tony’s rocking against him, hips grinding back, angling them so that his cock rubs up against Steve’s abdomen.
Steve’s face twists into a picture of ugliness. “You touched him,” he hisses. “This guy, who murders people like it fucking turns him on, and you touched him like you know him, like you loved him. And he was touching you too. He didn’t hesitate to put his hands on you, because you knew you didn’t mind, that you
“Right? That’s all you cared about. Stopping HYDRA. So, when I offered to help you, you jumped at the chance, and hey, if I was hot, if I followed you around like a lost fucking puppy dog, if I made it clear that I wanted you to fuck my brains out, that was just a perk, right? You
“Call me sir,” Steve growls, and his hand goes to his half-hard cock showing in his slacks, squeezing it gently, as if to keep him on the edge.
He pulls the covers back and slips out of the bed, making his way out of the guest room and closing the door behind him. He pads along the corridor, praying desperately that the kids won’t wake up early enough to find him doing the walk of shame back to his own bedroom.
In fact, nothing actually happens, and Tony emerges from the far end of the alley unscathed. But instead of coming out into another street, he finds himself outside the police station.
He’s a little sleep-rough, rubbing at his eyes, and he’s only wearing smallclothes, his chest bare and his legs naked until the middle of his thighs.
He fishes out the antiseptic from the first aid kit, liberally applying to the wounds, each wince from James like a nail in heart muscle, but he goes on.
Fear is slithering in Tony’s lungs, and he’s screaming, screaming as loud as he possibly can, until his throat is going hoarse, and there’s a hand tugging at the waistband of his slacks, sliding underneath to grope at his cock, pushing underneath where he’s dry as a bone.
Steve looks outside the window, at the lake that seems exactly the same as the day that Steve knelt on the pier and asked Tony to marry him.
“Wait, just… just listen to me,” James says, firmly, hands grasping him by the shoulders before he can rush out of the apartment.
Steve would react with hostility, Tony could imagine it. He could imagine Steve shouting at him, calling him insane, asking him whether he really thought Steve was capable of doing that to him. And then, Tony would start shouting back, throwing back all of the evidence, all of the times that Steve shunned him and turned away from him and reacted with no emotion towards him, and all the fucking times that he left him alone because of that stupid fucking insurance job that he has – and the fact that he now knows that it wasn’t the job, it had nothing to do with fucking insurance, and it had everything to do with the hot redhead that he probably bangs on the conference room table. And then, Steve, because he’s not really a liar, he’s not the elaborate manipulator that plans long-cons for years and decades on end, because he really does have a conscience and a notion of sin and while he’s not a practicing Catholic, still believes in all of the things that his mother taught him and knows that adultery is a sin, would finally resign himself to the truth.
Steve is still all of those things, still embodies all of the best parts of being Captain America, so he’s still Captain America, and Tony will sue the shit out of anyone who says differently.
“Because I knew how it would look,” Tony says, quietly. “Because I am unfulfilled in my marriage, in my life. Because I want something that is mine, and not everyone else’s at the same time. Because then I’d have to explain everything else to him, and then, he’d be in danger, because what… because everything that I helped James with all those years ago, even now, it’s not safe, Wanda. It’s… it’s some pretty serious shit, and I didn’t want Steve to get involved or the kids to get involved. It would be… well, it would be dangerous. And honestly, because I knew he would think something had happened between us, but…
He becomes listless, tired, weary, wandering about the castle like a wraith; he takes to his bed often, sleeps often, doesn’t eat much, to the point where Natasha starts spending the night with him in an attempt to make sure he fills his belly with something.
Peter gnaws on his nails, and then, his lower lip. “You’re not going anywhere?” he asks James, in his high, child’s voice.
Grant looks displeased and thrusts harder, his hands tight on Tony’s hips. Tony’s body rocks with the force of the movements of his hips.
“Is that what you want me to do?” Steve asks, patiently, his voice soft. “You want me to run you through with my sword.”
“It was,” Ms Lewis says, happily. “I’m glad that the twins were able to acclimatise after the harrowing start they had.”
. Because you jumped into a situation that had nothing to do with you all because you thought I was in trouble. That made you… even more attractive to me.”
“My childhood wasn’t friendly,” Tony says, honestly, trusting in the Non-Disclosure Agreement that he had insisted upon when it was time for Peter and Maushmi to go to school. “It was… I was quiet, I didn’t have many friends, just one or two, maybe, who grew up in the same way that I did. The rich… I mean, high society, it’s its own dystopian universe. I was quiet, didn’t speak up much, and when I did speak up, it was…”
“You’re not failing,” Tony says, long-sufferingly. “You’re trying to protect me and protect the people I love, and I can’t be more grateful to you for that than I already am. Thank you.”
Tony perches himself in James’ lap, over his crossed legs, and leans in to kiss him slow and soft, his tongue sliding into James’ mouth, as his hands work their way into James’ hair, nails scraping against the scalp.
Steve hangs his head, and his hand comes up, devoid of his glove, to cradle the unburned side of Tony’s cheek.
Tony slips from his seat, his eyes wary on Ms. Hill and the class, just in case anyone sees him leave the room. But no one turns as he disappears through the open doorway. He stands in the corridor, staring in both directions, but there’s no sign of anyone.
Then, the waiter shows up with their food and any and every pursuit of this conversation ends right there.
“What do you we know of this Steven Rogers?” he asks, resting his chin on his knees, which he draws close to his chest.
In the end, Steve and Bucky don’t leave in the middle of the ceremony, and Rhodey and Pepper don’t have to kill them.
But all he can hear is Steve’s distant snoring, deep enough that Tony knows that he won’t be waking up anytime soon.
“I was so angry at everything,” her mouth curls up, ruefully. “So angry at my brother, angry at Sam, but I was angry at myself more than anything. I was angry that I wasn’t there for him, that I’d abandoned him, left him for greener pastures, you know? I was angry that I hadn’t tried to help him, loved him through everything. I should never have left him, and I couldn’t help but think that if I had been there, he might not have died. Sam… he became a face for my anger. He became the reason why I left my brother, even if that wasn’t true, even if I was just blaming someone else for my problems, my issues. I was constantly starting arguments with him, fighting with him, and he took it all. He stood there and took it all. In hindsight, he should have acknowledged that it wasn’t healthy for him to sit there and take all of my shit, that he couldn’t just
Tony arches an eyebrow. “Late night at the insurance company?” he says, a soft, mocking lilt to his voice.
about her before. He doesn’t…” he swallows hard. “He doesn’t tell me much about work,” he says, shamefully. “He doesn’t tell me about what happens there or about his colleagues, so when I saw her, when I realised he worked with someone who looks like her, and she’s beautiful, James, she’s so fucking beautiful, I realised that maybe the reason why he’s been so unavailable and distracted and… acting like he’s not in love with me anymore, is because of
Tony manages to make it onto the airplane, hiding amongst the crates, making his way through the body of the plane, until he’s in the cockpit, just as the pilot leans out of the window, his gun aimed outside, clearly waiting for a clear shot at Steve.
Tony takes a deep breath, ignoring the stinging, biting shame that prickles at the back of his neck. “I could get out those red panties that you love so much, or that schoolgirl skirt?”
“I know that he was once Bucky Barnes,” Steve says, quietly, “but I also can’t forget that he’s the Winter Soldier and that’s pretty fucking competent at lying.”
“He’s never going to forgive us for this,” he says, quietly, his eyes fixed on the dark screen of the phone. He lifts his eyes to meet Steve’s. “We might have just lost friends, really good friends. Maybe we deserve it. Maybe we’re just selfish bastards who only care about ourselves and our kids.”
Steve walks forward, stops until he’s standing right in front of Stone. He fists a hand in his hair, pulling his head back sharply, his gloves slipping against the silk-like strands.
Tony settles back onto his feet and gives him a trembling smile, backing away until he can open the door to the driver’s side from behind, his eyes still intent on James, as if he thinks that if he blinks, James will disappear, disappear like he did from that bed that terrible morning all those years ago.
“Didn’t we just explore all the reasons why that would be a terrible idea?” Steve calls out from behind him.
Tony rebels against that idea almost immediately, at the mere comparison of James and Natasha, the woman who he’d been so convinced that was trying to steal his husband and destroy his family like he was stuck in
“When the gem gets loaded, we’re already going to be on that plane,” Steve says, his voice barely above a murmur.
Steve tangles his hands in Tony’s hair again and drags him in for another kiss, a kiss that steals all the air in his lungs, and Tony loves this, loves being in his lap, loves Steve kissing him, and it’s like they’re back in New York all over again, in Steve’s little shoebox apartment with the heater that doesn’t work, and so, Tony has to cuddle real close to Steve, against all of his bulk, and most of the time, they were naked, and most of the time, it devolved into good, hard fucking until Tony’s toes are curling.
