"If you'd cut her off there she would have stopped inquiring," Sherlock answered. "Why didn't you tell her why we haven't consummated our relationship?"
As they moved forward, their steps became quicker. Sherlock kept his hand tightly in John’s, but he was gaining confidence.
This was at the encouragement of her doctor, who was a firm believer that pain was soothed by expression.
It was over before Mike and Molly could get there with pain relief and paramedics, but John never forgot that hour. He’d treated friends and family before, treated Sherlock with hands that stayed steady until it was over, but this was something different. This pain had a purpose; the real agony had been the years of suffering his daughter had endured, the despair his son had felt. It was terrifying, delivering without tools, in a still messy bedroom, but somehow John knew everything was going to be alright.
“We should have dinner,” was all the Duke said. “Those of you who are leaving should leave at dawn. I’ll have bags packed.”
. Sherlock wanted very badly to protest this arrangement, but got caught up in the spy story. (He did not ‘have a spy thing’, not at all. John was simply extrapolating from two film preferences, and anyways, John had chosen the films, hadn’t he?)
“No, love, I don’t want to stay here longer than we have to. We’ll be on my ship very soon, and all our troubles will be over.”
Grandfather Sherlock laughed a bit, but he still looked a bit nervous. “If he does I’ve never noticed. Now, come along. Your grandfather’s got luncheon ready.”
Holmes drew him close against his chest, face buried in the crook of Watson’s neck. “I love you,” he whispered fiercely. “I love you so,
"Quite frankly, the most beautiful child I've ever seen," Holmes replied, voice deep with emotion. Watson saw tears sparkling in his husband's eyes. "You did a fine job, Kitty."
This is part 2 of the Mystrade Christmas special, set just after chapter 14. John and Sherlock are just back from their honeymoon.
Holmes nodded. He started to go, then turned and kissed Watson full on the mouth. Watson drew him close, and they didn't let go for a long time.
The next day in the courtroom, John swore out loud when he heard the verdict. Making an obvious show of his outrage, he stormed outside, calling Sherlock immediately. “Not guilty! The bastard's not guilty! Sherlock, you know what that means—Sherlock?” Furiously, he shoved the phone back into his pocket and walked up the street.
It had only been forty-eight hours since gay marriage was made legal in the UK, and (surprise, surprise) the world had not yet come to an end. Greg was pleased, of course, but it didn’t really impact his life. Or so he had thought.
On a more complicated note...I realized after I posted the Kitty arc last week that I've screwed up the modern timeline for sure, and quite possibly the Victorian (that one is more salvageable). It's not by much, but a few events are off by a couple of years. My question is...does that bother anyone? I can go back and edit if it does, but if it doesn't then we'll go Doyle rules--where the timeline doesn't make total sense, you can't date everything, but there is a clear idea of 'x' comes before 'y' (like who's married, who has children, etc.). Let me know either way!
John’s eyes snapped open, stumbling backwards, heel catching on the ledge but wait, who was shooting?
“Oh, nothing.” Sherlock leaned back, not letting go of John’s hand. “I just realized why I recognized this argument.”
Alarming, certainly. But it wasn’t until the figure burst into flames and continued to roll towards them, that everyone began to shout.
“Well, obviously you attempt to avoid it as much as possible. But when it does happen—especially when it’s their fault—well, you might as well make jokes about it for a while, right?”
“I think that went well,” he said as Sherlock sat down, Mycroft standing near the bar. “I mean...there's no way they're going to let him off, is there?”
John drew in a deep breath and continued to stare at the floor. Dimly he realized that the music had stopped playing and that meant everyone had just heard that and he shouldn't have ever said that in front of people but the words couldn't stop once they started coming because they'd been in his head for so long, even before they became lovers, and...
“So whoever his source is, they can’t have been there when we made plans.” Sherlock snapped his fingers. “That guard, the young one.”
As quickly as she could, Kitty got the strangers out of the house. Billy, now as tall as his dad, helped him get Holmes in bed with Watson and turned the bed over, while Kitty and Rachel got a large pot of broth on.
Right, so thanks to BAFan for reminding me that this chapter had yet to be written. Hope you enjoy it!
“Mikey?” The irritation in the old man’s face vanished. “Look at you! What are you hanging around with types like these for? And why has it been a dog’s age or two since you’ve been by?”
He heard a gasp, and turned his head. Holmes was lying beside him, but he wasn't the rheumatic, wizened, dear face Watson had slept beside for the last decade or so. No, this was Holmes when they'd first met, bright eyed and face clear of lines.
Hope you all enjoyed, and look out for a special multi-part story next week that’s a long time coming. I owe you, after all.
“How did you know she would be here?” I asked sharply. Hopkins is a good lad, but Kitty needs no more men peering over her life as though she were an insect.
There was a time when Grezzik didn’t think he would be a war starter. Hell, there was a time where he didn’t think he would be a fighter at all, and certainly not end up in Greenland.
A dark, gloomy night had descended on London. Watson scoffed at the sky before he followed Holmes inside. If he chose to write this case down, he would have to leave that detail out, for fear people would call him cliché. After all, the sky rarely reflects the moods of mortals so perfectly.
Sherlock grabbed John's hand, suddenly frightened. Who was above them? Panic caught in his chest. Kitty surely couldn't be joining them already. What about Stan—
“Your parents can’t afford to pay me. It’s alright, but I want to give us a good life, you know? I want to travel and see the world with you. I’ve been planning it just in case you…well, just in case you ever noticed me.”
When he entered the Strangers Room and saw only Mycroft Holmes, no parcel or letter to be seen, however, Watson grew nervous.
When Jamiarty got to the room with John and the Count, he ignored the Count’s surprised shout and went straight to John. He looked weaker, drained—he’d lost fifteen years of his life already.
Stan knew who Kitty was long before she told him; he did, after all, read Dr. Watson’s stories. He thought she was awfully brave, and he made sure to double-check all cases of vitriol throwing for extenuating circumstances.
John threw his arms around Sherlock’s neck. “You great prat, of course we’re getting married here. London’s our home.”
Ireni laughed at that. “You did always try to see the good in me, Molly.” She twisted her fingers. Coming so close to death…well, she didn’t want to do that again. And she’d never find another crew as good or as tolerable as Molly and Grezzik.
It was just that...well, they'd been busy all week and John, if he'd had his own choice, would have rather stayed at home and had some 'physical bonding' in front of the telly with some takeaway. Why not?
Also, I forgot to ask this last chapter, but did anyone recognize the names of the foreign dignitaries and their countries? If you did, congrats, you and I have read the same books :)
"You'll be talking to him in his collector's room, it's where all his special acquisitions are. The book has to be there somewhere." Sherlock's voice was strained. "Molly, are you sure?"
“I did not realize it would be so clear,” Watson admitted. “But…yes, Kitty. I doubt I will survive the night.”
“Where did he move her?” Stam asked. He refused to give quarter. “Where did he move the remains of the seven year old girl he murdered, Sebastian?”
Sherlock winced in sympathy. There was a gash right above Anderson’s knee, through the material of his trousers. It wasn’t bleeding anymore, but it looked red and angry.
That question could wait, he decided as he finished setting Kitty's ankle. Her silence as he set it worried him; it was a nasty break, and that on top of the soreness from falling couldn't have been easy to bear, but she didn't utter a sound; she hardly even clenched her jaw. This girl was used to pain, and that bothered John immensely, far more than it should have.
The Count dipped his quill in the ink. “The principle’s quite simple, even if it took a lifetime to perfect. It’s rather like water suction, except it sucks life. I just sucked a year of your life away. We might experiment with different amounts—maybe go as high as ten at once—but I really don’t know what that would do to you. Now, how do you feel? Be honest, this is for posterity.”
“Duke Mycroft, you have been an admirable ruler, and a formidable adversary for Jamiarty. You’ve essentially stolen this duchy from under him. But you must understand that there are people here in London who are still loyal to the Crown. Still loyal, therefore, to Jamiarty. And those people make excellent spies, especially when they’re within the palace.”
“But he’s already moving quickly. He thinks that we’re here, and he knows the Carriers are part of it. This is a trap.”
That’s why he was genuinely sympathetic when the lords were all in. “Do you want me to explain, Ri?” he asked. “I know this isn’t easy for you.”
He pressed a kiss to Waverly’s head. “Whenever you need shade, think of me,” he whispered. “I will be there.”
“House Donovan has been the Royal Carriers for generations. But they are not a house in a way that Gruner is. They are Crown property, one and all, and the child Sally delivered counts. Anderson stole two things from me, and I want them back.”
“Well,” the taller stranger said, and his voice sounded thick. “We’d better leave you to get on with it. We mustn’t waste your time.”
Ireni drew a bottle from amongst the folds of her dress and offered it to Sally. Sally looked at it. Inside was a tiny woman. She looked injured and frightened.
“So she didn’t bring much,” Sherlock continued, ignoring the commentary. “So Riley’s got to get Waverly far away enough from here that neither Jamiarty nor us could find her, and find sanctuary. But look—to the west of London lies Florin, to the North Archenland. If she knows our allies, and I imagine she does?” He looked towards Moran, who nodded. “Then she knows not to take either route. That leaves across the Channel.”
Watson takes a bullet for Holmes not long before they retire. Holmes was apoplectic, but Watson was secretly glad; now his leg has reason to twinge in the cold weather, and he still has his husband to distract him from the pain with soft music.
(If, subconsciously, he was attempting to change the outcome, trying to forget the memory of another woman, smiling bravely through this pain and not uttering a whimper, he didn't realize).
Kitty and Stan have yet another question for Sherlock, and a storm brings a new member to the Baker Street Clan.
The one time they come close to getting caught, it’s Charles Augustus Milverton. He makes an offhand remark while discussing their client’s bill. Milverton doesn’t make it home that night; a protective older brother deals with the political fallout from disposing of Milverton too soon.
“Yes, of course.” King Lotharon passed a hand over his face. “You can prove that Jamiarty did this, I assume? Even though my son is unpopular, there are others who will not…”
“True.” Grezzik pulled Molly’s matted hair away from her face and tried to run his fingers through it, but the knots were too thick. “But it will be alright, Molly. We are together again, and everything will be fine.”
Holmes chuckled, relief soothing the burn in his throat. "I don't understand why you always call it summoning."
John stood up and took everyone’s coats. Lily tugged on his sleeve. “Uncle John, do you like my dress?”
Grezzik obeyed, and Miracle Max inserted the bellows into John’s mouth and began to pump air into his chest. Maria watched, spellbound, as the man’s chest began to rise.
"You two can come too, and you can go through the house and try to free the girls. I'll keep him chatting, make sure that he's distracted, and I'll keep an eye out for book hiding places. Did your informant say it was in his office?"
He cut her, first one cheek, then the other. Then he picked her up, let her blood drip once on the ground, and licked each cut. “Be careful, little baby,” he whispered. “There’s no one to protect you now.” He threw her to the ground.
Sherlock obeyed, sitting on the hard bed. Watson knelt and took Sherlock’s bony foot in his hands. His foot was bleeding, but Sherlock felt no pain. All he could feel was warmth; strange, unaccountable warmth on this chilly fall night.
Greg Lestrade was in love, the kind he'd never really known—passionate, certainly, but comfortable too. They'd walked into this relationship rather by accident, but looking back he supposed it had just been a slow, gentle process of changing feelings and priorities.
A relationship between two workaholic, emotionally mellow men doesn’t sound like it will last. As a matter of fact, Greg actually begins planning to retire on time, and Mycroft learns to be romantic.
Sherlock was beside him, glaring at the crowd. A few looked embarrassed, but Blackwater just sneered.
“He’s only mostly dead. There’s sort-of dead, mostly dead, and all dead. With all dead, there’s only one thing you can do.”
Count Magnussen rode closer to John, who stood watching as Prince Jamiarty and Sherlock—as his whole world—rode away.
That got the conversation going again, and they discussed first the bees and then the garden all through the meal.
“If you come back now, I swear you will die without pain,” Ireni said. “I doubt the Eels will offer you the same choice.”
“There was nothing you could have done.” John tried to protest but Sherlock held firm. “John, they hurt you. They made you think you were nothing. You were very lonely, weren’t you?”
“I stayed for five days after the baby was born.” Riley’s jaw clenched for the barest of seconds. “There was no Announcement.”
And hand in hand they walked together through the door towards the bees, the garden, and their new and honest life.
He’d dived in front of it. Hopkins was only a boy, his life ahead of him. The knife had sank into his ribs, and the shock had made him stumble backwards. He must have struck his head on the pavement.
"Mummy, my grandfathers are going to be alright, aren't they?" Rachel asked. She was nearly ten, knew the secret, and was also far too good at figuring out the exact questions people didn't have answers for.
Without breaking eye contact, Sherlock took the ring and carefully slipped it on to John’s third finger. He raised John’s hand to his lips and kissed it tenderly. “We’re engaged,” he said, voice trembling.
When he returned to the house, John was making tea. Smiling, Holmes came up behind his husband and wrapped his arms around him. “Good morning, my dear,” he whispered. He pressed his lips to the nape of John’s neck. “Did you sleep well?”
John looked across the table and met Greg's confused eyes. "We've got to go home, Greg, Sherlock has a migraine."
Moriarty shrugged. “It was inevitable, really. You crave danger, he craved an audience. Throw in a little UST—the Virgin learning how bodies worked, wish my cameras didn't break in your bedroom, I would have loved to see that! Two junkies choosing to fuck each other instead of fucking each other over, isn't that how your story has gone?”
Sherlock wasn’t afraid of pain. But given the choice between his body being consumed and used, and his body being used to start a war…well, Prince Jamiarty loved to fight. He’d give his fiancé one last gift.
Carla was the latest of Waverly’s siblings. There were six now—Ellie and Hela and Trevor and John and Molly. The last three had come as babies, so they were given names, but the others were adopted older. Waverly liked all of them, and she was glad that her mother didn't have to be pregnant with all of them. That would have been a long time without her being able to play.
John’s eyes were brighter now. Holmes knew that was the stuff of romantic fiction, but it was true. His gaze was sharper, looking at everything as quickly as possible. The crinkles by his eyes were deeper now, more practiced in the art of smiling; the lines around his mouth were the same. His forehead still had worry lines, but it was smooth most of the time. His cheeks had lost their worrisome hollows. Even his ears seemed more intent, more keen to pick up the clues in conversation.
“You may all have to fight. But you will be safe, that we promise.” John looked at Eria. “Raz worries for you. He said to tell you he loves you.”
“And those who would?” Mycroft’s expression darkened. “Those who live to create scandal, who brandish insinuations like swords against the reputations of good men?”
“This is noble, sir,” Maria replied. “His wife is a cripple, and their twelve children will starve without him…”
“He…he wouldn’t.” Billy flinched—the heartache in Grandfather John’s voice was horrible. “He knows us. He loves us.”
Her left hand was already at her wound, and she drove it deeper, holding it together as best she could, and she pushed against the wall, helping her rise.
"John." Holmes sounded worried now, and part of Watson was worried that opening this door would shatter this illusion. Might it be some kind of test?
"No alcohol," Molly said firmly. She'd been sober for months now, but the smell of it still made her wince. "We need to keep alert."
Nonplussed, John looked toward Sherlock. Sherlock's eyes were narrowed, fixed on the girl, but there was still no aggression in his posture.
When the chant died down, Cerise bent her head to the King and Queen, and they whispered together for a moment. Then Queen Bella stood up. “Today we have justice for my husband’s daughter. Now we must honour her life, in the way that she would wish.”
“No, of course not. That’s why Henry seemed alright until this evening. The drug must have kicked in.”
—five years since the night the song was made whole, five years since the master knew his listener's heart, five years of love without longing.
It  was supremely selfish, but Sherlock was grateful that John was in his group. At least he had a chance to protect John. The others would be safe. They had to be.
Even if he was her father, what did that mean? Sally had often wondered who her father was as a child, because it was highly unusual for Carriers to have children outside of a marriage (
Watson should have known something was afoot the moment Holmes sent him to the Diogenes Club to ‘pick something up’.
“I suppose I do,” he allowed. “Ah well, above and beyond—I must follow my little brother’s example.”
“In the diary, he says he was truly proud of conquering the creature’s threat. He said that its corpse lay in a pretty place for years, and he decided to move ‘what remained’.”
A crash came from the living room. Seriously alarmed now—had they escalated to physical violence? That was a far more serious matter—John yanked the door open and rushed out. He'd expected to hear screaming or shouts of pain. Come to think of it, it had been a moment since there'd been any shouting at all...
Now Sally thought about that. It wasn’t entirely unusual, but the Carrier generally—well, carried the royal partner’s child. Even though the Carrier line reached back to a royal by-blow, there hadn’t been too much need for them. In twelve generations, there’d been two children from the Carrier line: a prince given to two queens, and a princess born to two kings. Sally’s child by Sherlock would have been the third. It was a bit close, but it wouldn’t be the end of the line in terms of incestual risk.
He walked over to the machine and slid a strap of leather between John’s teeth. “Bite down on that. It will keep your tongue whole.”
Moran nodded. “She brought Riley to the dungeon, and left. She would have reached Florin by midnight.”
Watson turned to Holmes with a smile. This had been his idea, and Kitty Hopkins hadn’t batted an eye. Holmes looked shocked, but there was a gentle light in his eyes as he realized what was going on.
“I want to spend our anniversary together,” John said. “What we’re doing is rather immaterial. So long as we have my surprise tonight.”
“I cannot marry you. I love John, and always have. I have tried, I have, but believe me, if you tell me I must marry you in three weeks, believe that I will be dead by morning.”
Holmes placed a hand on his shoulder, and Watson covered it with his own. "I'm alright," he whispered, knowing his husband's worry. "She is going to be alright, the baby is well, and...it's not like the last time."
“Did you?” Waverly’s eyes lit up. Made presents from Uncle Sherlock and Uncle John were even better than brought presents.
Holmes stood near him the whole time, saying nothing to defend him. In a way that felt worse—his husband no doubt knew of his injuries no matter what he did to conceal them, but his lack of rebuttal was shaming. Watson didn’t speak to him as they got into a cab and returned to Baker Street.
Moriarty backed off with a smirk. “Of course. Take all the time you need. Although my marksmen do have itchy trigger fingers…maybe not too long.” He walked until he stood ten feet from John, and then pointedly put his fingers in his ears.
Fall was turning into winter now, but in the weeks that followed, Sherlock couldn’t bring himself to care. He was far too busy running, climbing trees, pestering trappers to teach him the ways of the woods, practicing hand to hand combat against bushes as Skull watched. John was his constant companion in his heart, if not in reality, and Sherlock often spoke aloud to him. People watched him sometimes, dazzled by the lovelight in his eyes. He was the second most beautiful man in the world by the first snowfall.
“That’s my worst fear,” Maria confessed. “He didn’t even blink. He’s used to taking what he wants.” She set her jaw. “I will stop him.”
“We can use that, right?” Kitty looked up. “I thought about Jennifer, but her last word was Rachel, and if it wasn’t for that case—”
“Yes. He said they didn’t want to cause them any…undue stress, particularly if they were among the innocent. It would give them privacy, and they could speak without fear of retribution or shaming their children.”
“Don't be ridiculous, of course you are!” Holmes spat. “Simply because you write those wretched stories and make yourself out an utter idiot—people would offer if you let your deeds be known!”
“Sherlock, you love people knowing that you're smart. It's what you do! How can you justify going ahead with this?! The fallout will be incredible! You'll have to leave London, and where will that get you with Moriarty?”
They didn’t have to wait long. Less than twenty minutes later Stan and Kitty walked in, bundled up against the ridiculous snow storm outside.
Thinking had never come easy to Grezzik, but by the time they reached their destination the rain had stopped and Grezzik had an idea.
It started when  Mrs. Hudson had suddenly been called away to nurse her sick sister. Of course she had to go—he and Watson could take care of themselves, after all. She'd even left them plenty of cold food, and instructions to go to Mrs. Turner up the street for Christmas dinner; the old boarding house would probably be full of strangers, but there'd be nice hot food.
“I agree with Grezzik,” Maria said, hopping down from the poop deck where Sherlock lay sprawled, hands tied in front of him.”
The song was quiet for a long time, though the violin played other songs—ballads instead of fugues, Mendelssohn instead of Beethoven, songs to sleep to instead of songs to think to. The violin understood its master's fingers, and kept the true notes disguised under soft, distant harmonies. The master hoped to put the wistful notes to sleep by playing them out, but when he least expected it his fingers would retrace the same patterns, and only a quick change of key would keep suspicion at bay.
"Yes," John said, and there was no more doubt, no more worry that he would give in because it was expected of him. Sherlock was ready, and so was he.
“Exactly!” Sherlock tapped it on the map. “If she can get up the Cliffs and down there, she’s in France.”
He turned and went running down the hall. Molly stood to go after him, but Janine restrained her. “Just a minute. I think I know what he’s getting.”
When Sherlock heard the news he went into his room and shut the door. It was deadly quiet behind that door for three long days. His parents were terrified when he finally came out. His cheekbones were sharp in his pale face, his hair was cut short and had turned fully black, and his body was stiff and hard. And his eyes, which had always caught the light, had become light themselves; piercing, merciless, and cold.
His source, of course, was his own imagination. Well, his and Count Magnussen, to give credit where credit is due. It was the Count who suggested The Woman’s Crowd to kill Sherlock, but it was Prince Jamiarty’s plan. It was the greatest hunt of his life, and he was hunting for war, the greatest way to begin the greatest war.
“A few hours’ sail,” Sherlock answered. He was lying with John in his arms, his bridal gown shimmering in the darkness. “We’ll still be ahead of our enemies.”
The song followed the master and the listener, shaking them out of dark days, warming them on cold ones, showing their love even when they wondered, in foolish, fleeting moments, whether it could last. It was music they both understood, for it understood them both; their weaknesses, their strengths, their forgiveness and their passion.
There was pity in the albino’s face. “Listen…if you want, I can give you some poison. My cousin is Moran, they won’t kill me. It’ll be quick.”
Sherlock kissed John, and for a moment they were young again, having their first kiss and feeling whole for the first time.
But the shirt was nice and big and warm and smelled like Sherlock, so John pulled it on. Sherlock lay on his side on the bed, the blankets drawn back. It was a small bed, barely big enough to be called a double, but it was just big enough for John to cuddle into Sherlock’s chest and holding him tightly, manage to pull the blankets up and turn off the light without falling out of bed.
"Of course you have," Holmes croaked. He placed the baby back in Kitty's arms. "You've done me a great honour."
This is for Arvi, apologies for this taking so long, but by necessity it had to follow the Victorian wedding and that chapter was being annoying, I hope you like it!
“I’d be proud to do it,” Greg said. He reached out and clapped John on the shoulder. “You are my best friend, though for God’s sake don’t tell your future husband. Not that I’ll be able to hide it from him, the berk.”
“A very strange wedding,” the Queen murmured. She patted Sherlock’s hand. “It’s good to have you in the family though, my son.”
She loved him fiercely, even twenty years after his death. It was just the two of them when she was small, her mother gone before her first smile.
But Mycroft Holmes had just helped them on a case, Holmes was abed ‘not sick, Watson, merely tired’ and Watson enjoyed the elder Holmes’ company.
Despite their best efforts, they didn't reach the capital until just after dusk. Ireni returned Grezzik's strength, and they parked the carriage at the edge of town.
John turned and kissed him, just long enough for Billy to groan. “Can’t promise anything,” he told Billy, grinning at their grandson.
Watson pulled him into his arms, sheltering the man who’d always seemed so fragile, and now he knew why. “Sherlock…dear heart…” Holmes struggled but Watson held him tightly. “You offer so much more than your brain. You offered yourself, and the world saw only your brilliance. It’s a peculiarity of humans that they can notice only one thing about a person, and continue to only see that. So they see your astonishing mind, and they are blinded to your great heart.”
Jamiarty was still awake, deep in conversation with Moran and Count Magnussen, who Sherlock ignored immediately.
“No, but you did discuss it with Greg Lestrade. And at Scotland Yard, too. Dear me, Dr. Watson, dear me!”
The only thing that might help was a miracle, and by that midnight, Miracle Max had run out of options to try. All he could do was try to ease Sally’s pain. But that turned out to be unnecessary.
He would never, ever tell anyone that one of the reasons he said yes was that word alone, just being able to call someone that. Sue him; he was a writer, words were important.
Sherlock shook his head, swallowed them dry. He reached out for John's hand again. John held it tightly. He didn't let go for the entire trip back to Baker Street.
And then one summer solstice she and her father travelled to her mother’s country and found her dead, dead from a fever no magic could stop. Her father’s grief killed him where he stood—that’s what the stories would say. In reality, Ireni found him the next day with a cup of poison by his side. He must have loved her mother.
The dungeons of London were nothing like the Capital’s dungeons. Those were dank, dark and musty, with mold growing out of the cracks in the wall. Here, there were new torches every twelve hours, and the floors were tidy, swept free of dust despite the lack of prisoners.
Grezzik wasn’t smart enough to understand how he and Waverly were so connected. He didn’t even remember the night of her birth; only the scar on Sally’s stomach and Waverly herself were proof that anything had happened at all. Something must have happened when he saved her life, something…could it be magic?
“And you grew up into a kind, brave, wise man anyways,” Sherlock continued in a low voice. “And you fell into company with others like you, but you couldn’t see that, because no one ever told you that you were wonderful. And why would they tell you that? They must’ve thought you knew.”
Sherlock pulled John into his arms, letting him bury his face in the crook of his neck. “They didn’t love you,” he whispered.
There was a knock on the door of the carriage, and Molly looked at Ireni. The others wouldn’t knock.
To his credit, Moran didn’t flinch. “I understand, Princess Janine. And both messages will be related. Should there be any further reason for…royalty-to-royalty communication, send a falcon.”
“Of course I’m the only one who gets injured,” Anderson muttered as John started to clean the wound. Through gritted teeth, he continued. “You know, the future king of Florin.”
(NSFW): When they do start having sex, Sherlock mistakenly thinks that they are supposed to be having sex every night
“He didn’t trust you!” Stam exploded. “He showed you that diary to trap you. Who could you tell about it? And now that you know, you are complicit in covering them up. But how could you, Seb?”
Holmes pulled back and offered his hand, looking much more confident. "As the Doctor orders," he purred.
“There’s nothing more pathetic than an accidental traitor,” Mycroft mused. He stepped closer. “You’re quick, Riley. You might as well tell us. Jamiarty had another half-sister, did he? We would have heard of a legitimate child, and Queen Bella is infertile.”
They ate in silence. John kept checking his phone, just to make sure that Sherlock hadn't texted, but he hardly ever did when he was with Johnson.
“We’re going to my ship. We can run right along this ravine. Then we’ll just go through the Fire Swamp.”
Sherlock's phone went off in the darkness, startling them all. Sherlock answered without looking at the Caller ID.
There were twenty people in the room, chained back to back. They all wore the same plain, brown dress, and they looked terrified.
(If for some reason you're starting this story here, for goodness sake go back to the arc starting with 'Eye'. It's a bit different to what happened in the show)
“I’m telling you, Seb might be loyal to the Prince, but the guards are loyal to him. They’re scared of him, too. They’ll leave me alone, and if they don’t…” Stam drew a wicked looking knife from his belt. “I trained with Seb. I’ll defend John until he can fight himself.”
Those people fail to understand that to love another person, and to make them feel extraordinary, is an accomplishment all in itself.
“Inconceivable. No one in Guilder knows what we’ve done, and no one from Florin could have gotten here so fast. Why do you ask?”
That Brute came up behind her, picked her up as gently as if she were a doll. The woman struggled for only an instant before she appeared to recognize him.
The strangers didn’t react, and Watson walked forward, bringing Holmes with them. The strangers advanced as well, but just before they passed each other the shorter stranger stopped and reached out. Watson stopped and watched breathlessly as the hand of a much younger man laid itself on Holmes’ free one, a wedding ring nearly glowing.
"You heard me." Greg glanced over to where Kitty sat on the sofa, curled under one of the many shock blankets Sherlock and John had nicked over the years. John was speaking to her soothingly. "Just...don't let John write this one up, okay?"
She accepted these burdens, knew there would be weight and trouble, knew the grief of the past would be part of her, but there would also be joy and a chance to do some real good for her country.
Lily took a step back and pulled on the belt around her waist. A long skirt fell down, all in greens and purples. “It’s a water dress,” she said excitedly. “You can wear it swimming, and then you can have a pretty dress later on. Mummy says she’ll help me find fabric that will dry quickly.”
The thought forced his eyes open. John stared around in complete shock, because clearly something had gone wrong.
“Hello,” Mycroft called. He didn’t look at all surprised to see them. “Good heavens, there’s a lot of you. You’ve made friends, little brother.”
The only person who truly wasn't worried about the imminent return of 'Consulting Detectives Inc.' was DI Lestrade.
No, that wouldn't do. John closed his eyes again and took Sherlock's hand in his. the cool of the metal was somehow just as soothing as the warmth of his skin, and soothed by that, John did manage to fall asleep.
Ireni was sitting cross-legged on the grass with two glasses in front of her, with a bottle of wine and a small plate of cheese. Princess Sherlock was next to her, bound, gagged, and a knife to his throat.
choosing their strongest people before the giant came, loved watching them try and fail (but fail less hard than before) to take him down. Eventually Grezzik would be fighting fifteen people at a time, and he would always win, but everyone loved him.
“We have three things to do,” Sherlock said. He patted his husband’s hand. “We need to prove this murder, we need to depose of Jamiarty peacefully and we need to bring the King and Queen back from the Summer Palace to witness this. They’re the only ones who can make it stick.”
Molly didn't ask any questions, she was rather wonderful that way. "Well I'll be off, then. Come on, kiddos!"
Holmes patted his back. “We love you too, Billy. That will always be true. No matter what. See if you can convince Rachel to talk to the bees again, will you?”
Mary smiled up at the man who had saved her from loneliness, who loved her despite loving the man beside him. The man she loved with all her heart.
Anderson nodded, his eyes wide. “I…you’re right. Of course. I just thought I should give her a complete answer.”
“I suppose I could help you,” Maria offered. “We’ve got some leftover rope here, but I don’t think you’d want my help. I’m only waiting around to kill you.”
“The executioner is also the interrogator,” Sherlock answered. “For high treason they have to do things by the book, otherwise it’ll look like an Abuse of Power offense. Jamiarty wants to keep the crown, not lose it on a technicality.”
Waverly snuggled into Grezzik, delighted that her guardian was there. He lived in London, which was only a day’s journey, but he was also the Duke’s husband, in charge of law-keeping there. He came as often as he could, but Waverly still missed him. Anyways, her tenth birthday wouldn’t be the same without him.
Janine took a quill and drew a circle which encompassed Florin, Guilder, Sanctaphrax,  Regalia and London. “Then we have a barrier of supportive countries. Do we need to worry about France, though?”
“No, Kitty had the receipt sticking out of her purse.” Sherlock’s gaze unfocused, and John sighed. He got up and sat on Sherlock’s lap. “Sherlock Holmes, don’t ever say something like that again.”
"She wasn't followed—Gruner's arrogance is quite bad, that may be his undoing—but there's some chatter that Gruner's getting tired of having one of his...Wilted's around." Sherlock's lip curled with disgust. "I didn't know things were this bad, or I would have done something about this bastard sooner. There have actually been four wives—the first was ages ago. She drowned on a cruise when they were honeymooning."
"Go on back to the Yard," John said gently. "I'll look after him. We'll come in tomorrow and finish the work; at least I will."
“To your face, pig. To the pain means that the first thing you’ll lose will be your feet at the ankles, then your hands at the wrists. Next your tongue, which will be a relief to everyone.”
“She’s getting further away,” Grezzik said. He closed his eyes, concentrating. “I don’t know if I could track her, though.”
Sherlock looked up. Sally wasn’t wearing her robes anymore, she was still wearing a plain travelling dress. But she stood taller now, her shoulders back, and some of the worry was gone from her face. Her father stood beside her; there was a terrible sadness in his face when he looked at Jamiarty.
"It has nothing to do with you," John said hurriedly, hoping to erase some of Donovan's cruel words. "I just know...look, I'm ordinary, okay? I'm not exactly handsome and I'm too soft and I'm too quick to believe the best of people and I'm everything you consider weak, and I'm not saying that I want to change myself but...we're not really matched for life, are we? Definitely not as lovers. So don't fret about ending it, whenever you want. You've made me happy, Sherlock, and I hope I've done the same for you, but if you get tired of me just tell me, alright? Promise me you'll do me that courtesy?"
The table was laid with two places, Mrs. Hudson's nicer plates and good silverware nestled amid sprigs of holly.
“Okay, shut up you lot!” Kitty was suddenly very tense. “The problem is…well, we couldn’t find anyone we liked. Not really.”
“What sort of coup?” Carin asked. He moved his hands as John rubbed salve where Alissa’s struggles had made the ropes dig into his wrists. “And why does Jamiarty think we’re involved?”
The Count was back against the table now, but he spun away, but Maria knew that move, had studied that move since she was thirteen, and she attacked again, and this time the Count got a hit on his right hand.
Kitty was due in the middle of December, but John and Sherlock got a frantic call from Stan the last day of November. “She’s in labour!” he gasped. “And she thinks the baby’s coming now!”
"Why are you letting her speak like this, John? You're wasting your time and allowing Donovan to waste her breath, though I suppose the latter's not so terrible..."
The happiest of days often defy description—it’s hard to find words that aren’t cliché or overused, especially about something as common yet rare as a happy wedding day.
Then again, they were planning to topple a murderous king and replace him with his half-sister, who’d given birth to a baby with the help of a witch. Some drama was called for.
He was right back carrying a damp flannel and a glass of water as well as the other items, but in that time tears had begun to seep out from under Sherlock's eyelids. John quickly placed the things on the nightstand and knelt beside the bed, drawing Sherlock into his arms. "It's alright, dear, I'm right here."
Moran bowed. “I was telling your fiancée that the Thieves’ Quarter is empty. Your safety is ensured, my Princess.”
As he put on the kettle for chamomile, the smile faded without him noticing. It wasn’t until his husband wrapped his arms around him from behind that Watson even realized he was crying.
The sun was coming in at an awkward angle and John grumbled as he tilted his laptop screen back and forth, always coming back to the same position. Sherlock grinned.
“Good afternoon, Dr. Watson!” Mycroft Holmes was as large as ever, his gray eyes still piercing, but his handshake was friendly enough. “Would you care for tea?”
“Because I know something you don’t.” With one quick movement, Maria switched hands. “I’m not left-handed.”
Sherlock's phone buzzed again, and he pulled the phone away from his ear, and looked at the text message.
When Mummy left, Grandad Sherlock took out his chemistry set. Billy was never, never allowed to touch, but he watched and listened as his grandfather explained how different chemicals turned different colours when you did different things with them. Billy didn't quite understand everything, but he loved the pretty colours, and he was fascinated when some of them made puffs of smoke when you poured them together—one even popped and seemed to spark!
“Well that is your greatest gift, my dear John.” Holmes took his hand again, kissed the tips of his fingers. “You’ve always been able to make the ordinary extraordinary.”
I'm taking a break from fanfiction posting for about two weeks in general, and as for the Sherlock fandom you may not see much until December (I have a bunch of SPN and Harry Potter stuff coming up, if anyone's into those). Hope to see you then!
Mycroft was sitting on his right, eating quietly and looking around, much like him. Sherlock was curious as to why his brother was so calm—his social anxiety usually caused him to bow out of events like this—but he didn’t question it. Mycroft was content, and that was enough for him.
“Mycroft, when one is dating a policeman, one should not be making death threats in their earshot.” Sherlock took John’s hand. “Come along, John, let’s leave them to it.”
“Do let me look it over first,” Watson requested, his eyes beginning to sparkle. “Your grammar is atrocious.”
Alone in the darkness for at least two days now, two days of relentless interrogation before that…he was going to miss Kitty’s first day of school. Strange, that…his daughter was a grown woman, going to early childhood education school, it didn’t matter. But he still wanted to be there, rather than this dark, pain-filled room where the only sound was a leaky faucet…
“Then I dreamed and found out you might love me, and I woke up to the best part of my life. I had to be proven wrong to get there, of course, but that didn’t matter anymore. Nothing mattered anymore except you and I, and our life in love, being together in everything.” Sherlock met John’s eyes for one brief, intense instant, then looked away. “And ever since then I’ve been trying to figure out how to best show you how grateful I am to you for proving me wrong, for showing me that your love was everything that made me want to live.”
I was not entirely certain of that. While Kitty loves Stan—that, any with eyes can see—my girl is still damaged. I know what kind of wounds love can give, and I feared that she would refuse to trust herself enough to love again.
Trying to remember, Watson tried to pull himself to a sitting position, but fell back with a wince as pain stabbed into his ribs. He put a hand to his side…and it came away bloody.
John thanked every deity in existence that Mrs. Hudson was gone for the weekend to her sister's. The window could be fixed in the meantime, although he wasn't sure that Kitty would be gone when she returned.
“Or that they don’t want attention.” Riley’s jaw clenched and it stayed clenched this time. “Anderson never liked people looking at him.”
So when Lord Sebastian Moran came to the gates of London three days after their arrival, everyone was expecting a declaration of war. But Lord Moran had something different to offer.
John stared at Moriarty. He didn't put up his hands; there was no need. Moriarty knew he wouldn't move.
"How much longer do you think he's going to let this go on?" Donovan challenged. "I'm sure you're a nice little distraction for now—I don't think he's ever managed to keep someone into his bed for this long—"
Sally did as Martha said, her head resting on her knee. Her stomach ached, and she clenched her fists.
Mycroft didn’t say much, but when Watson went to his practice and found that all of his patients, including those he did not charge, would be taken care of by any available expert at the usual price, he knew what his brother-in-law had done.
From a young age, Kitty hated her beauty. It disappointed the father who wanted a son, it made her stepmother throw her out, it caught the attention of Gruner. Stan is the only one who ever made ‘beautiful’ sound like a good thing.
Sherlock’s cheeks were suddenly hot, but it wasn’t warm. It was a crisp fall day, and he’d made the first important discovery of his life.
Sherlock was dumbstruck. His mind...it could be quiet? It hadn't been in over eighty years, even in the best moments with John, utterly focused on his husband. There was always something ticking away, screaming…
“Because it doesn’t make sense for there to be a hound with glowing eyes,” Sherlock said. He went boneless in John’s arms, nearly bringing them both to the floor, but John held them up. He could be strong enough for them both.
“I will be with them. And there is only one gate key.” Sebastian Moran dug a chain out from under his shirt, revealing a tiny key on the end.
It was enough to drive someone mad, but John was good at being alone in body, because he was never alone in mind.
Unbeknownst to anyone except Watson, Kitty went to see Gruner in prison. She didn’t speak, just watched him look around blindly, demanding to know who was laughing.
Grezzik nodded, and the two of them left. The King and Queen were lying down together, and they’d somehow managed to fall asleep.
Kitty bowed her head. "Her name's Delia, but he's started calling her Violet. She's...she's not like me. She's...dainty." Kitty stared out the broken window for a moment."
Hopefully that wasn't too dark, if so I apologize. I promise it gets lighter (and Kitty gets her revenge).
Billy spun around, feeling guilty for some reason. “Hello, Grandfather Sherlock. I was just looking around.”
He’d been expecting a tall tower, but instead Sherlock led him to a small room not far from the library. The room was stuffed with blankets and pillows of all sort, and there was a wondrous smell in the air.
The smile faded from Mycroft’s face. “Do you think that I’m offering you employment? Grezzik? As a—a fearmonger?”
“There is treason afoot, but it won’t be treason for long,” John replied. He drew a pouch from his belt. “Alissa, can you and—sorry, what’s your name?”
Mycroft didn’t seem offended. “I couldn’t tell you until now because we hadn’t reached our destination.”
"Don't you dare speak to him that way." While Donovan had kept her voice low, Sherlock raised his, drawing the attention of people nearby. John wanted dearly to look at his feet, but just then Sherlock shifted his gaze to him. The anger bled out of Sherlock's eyes, but the passion remained.
“Seriously, though…” Lestrade paused for a minute, trying to gather himself. “You’ve both become so important in my life, both professionally and personally, and I don’t say this enough but I do enjoy every minute of the madness…and I’m so glad to see two good and great men get a chance to be happy together, because it’s been clear for a long time—and maybe clearer to everyone else than to you—that what you’ve always wanted is to be with each other.”
The wind was coming up, and the roofs of the neighbouring buildings were coming clearer in the early dawn light.
After many weeks of not being sure when to end this, I thought my anniversary (year 4!) was a good time. This was written for enby-angel a while back on a bad day, and they very kindly let me share it with the world. I hope it's a good way to usher in the New Year!
“You had love in your hands! Better to die with it then come back to garbage! I won’t bow to you, Queen of Rubbish! Queen of Filth, Slime, Muck! Boo! Boo! BOO!”
“Thank you, but I will not be staying long.” The man looked exhausted. “I have decided to retire from the Yard.”
Grezzik sank into a sort of trance as he concentrated on his bond with the baby girl. Waverly was confused and frightened. She wanted Mama and Papa. She still couldn’t form words, even in her thoughts, but he could feel their faces.
Sherlock just held him for a few long minutes, running his hand up and down John’s back, trying to avoid the scars. He pressed a kiss to John’s bad shoulder, then to his temple then tilted John’s face so he could kiss his forehead. John stared back at him, eyes soft with pain.
After a few pumps, Miracle Max took it out. “Hey, HELLO IN THERE! What’s so important? What you got worth living for?”
This chapter we'll see the lovely Miss Mary Morstan in modern times...as I thought they might introduce her.
“Very well, we’re agreed. No fluttering before breakfast,” Holmes said. He set a teacup in front of Billy.
“Time to go,” Miracle Max said. He watched as Grezzik picked up John, and looked at Stam. “Is your boat down at the old dock?”
Molly’s voice sounded dangerously like her old self, like Maria, whose tongue was sharper than her sword, who sometimes even snapped at him. But Grezzik wasn’t afraid this time. He knew how much Molly loved Waverly too.
"No," Sherlock said softly. "And it seems as though we have time to fully appreciate the men we love, without hard drive space taken up with nonsense."
Before he could think, Sherlock threw himself down the cliff, down after the still rolling man in black.
“Are you using the royal we again?” Grezzik asked. He found that confusing, so Mycroft and Janine tried not to use it around him.
But Molly knew. As excited as the giant was to see the new baby, he also had a weak stomach for the…other products of birth. And really, there wasn’t room for him here, and he couldn’t make much of a difference. He’d been taking lessons with Miracle Max too, but his strength wouldn’t help here.
So, yes. While I hope I didn't ruin anyone's day, I do hope that got across as somewhat sad, I almost cried writing it. I promise part 2 makes up for it; I've wanted to write it ever since I started posting this story.
Molly put the miracle pill between John’s lips. Then she frowned. “We’ll have to force feed him. Hold him steady.”
Tossing the phone away, John stepped up on the ledge. He was going to step forward looking straight ahead, back straight and head held high. Dying as a soldier, because even now he didn’t know how to die as a lover.
“We found that place when we…when we were looking for John.” Grezzik bowed his head. “That clearing had an entrance to the Pit of Despair.”
Sherlock raised his eyebrows. "I never knew you were a dancer, Blackwater. Did you, John? Why don't you show us your steps?" He relinquished his hold on Blackwater. The rest of the crowd had backed away now, frightened by the chill in Sherlock's voice.
"How dull Sherlock, you actually believe in God! And here I thought your decay was only in the matter of the Doctor!" Moriarty was right at John's ear, almost crooning into the phone. "I'll shut up, though, this is supposed to be your and John's moment."
She’d been more fair than she realized—her weakness against his strength. Maria hoped he was good, hoped it would be a fight. She touched her blade to his. “You seem a decent fellow. I hate to  kill you.”
“Your safety comes first, John!” Sherlock shouted. He had leapt up too, towering over John. “How could I live with myself if one of them found you when I was gone, hurt you to make me come back, or to tell where I was?”
. Mycroft eventually found him there, soothed him through the panic attack, and promised his support for their relationship, come what may.
Molly turned her head to see King Lotharon standing up. He came towards her, and Molly moved aside. Gone was the relaxed King of the summer palace, and gone too was the feeble-in-mind-and-body old man she’d glimpsed before they kidnapped Sherlock. This man was a King, with his wits about him and his duty on his mind, a twilight years ruler ready to serve.
“Impeccable family medical history, tall, attractive, amazingly intelligent…” John took his husband’s hand. “Dear, don’t be stupid. It looks bad on you.”
Holmes laughed, then sobered. "I am sorry I didn't tell you. I thought it would be over with quickly, and I—"
“Okay.” John pressed his lips together. “I suppose it wasn’t a projection? It looked solid? I’ve some pretty wicked tricks with fog—”
Max pursed his lips. “You know I perform…miracles, of a sort. And to do that, I dabble in magic. But Martha’s not a witch, and I can’t even conjure fire. I don’t understand magic, because I never needed to. I can recognize it though, and the bond between Grezzik and your daughter is through magic. Bolstered by love, certainly, but the connection is magical. He has become her Guardian.”
"Sherlock Holmes, you listen to me. You show me that you love me in a thousand different ways, some of which I am unable to reciprocate. You play me music on an instrument I can barely hold correctly, you deduce what I want before I know it myself, and you give me comfort for dreams of which you have no knowledge. So if you want to try physical love tonight, or any other night, we can. I believe we are safe here, and I am more than willing to be with you, though I confess I am nearly ignorant of the proper procedure."
“Just to tell you he’s sorry that took so long, there was some miscommunication. James hopes John’s doing well. The two of them have quit; that was their last mission. He said something about an Aston Martin? He sends his love, says they might be back in a year or two.”
It wasn’t that simple, of course. Stam remembered the many years of quiet servitude at the castle as an orderly, taking care of the King and Queen as age robbed them of their faculties. When Miracle Max was fired, he was alone, and he obeyed the Prince. And when the Prince said ‘care for the prisoner in the Pit of Despair’, Stam had obeyed. But if John hadn’t died, if he’d never discovered the full truth, would he have stayed?
“You’re stupid, Highness,” Ireni said, shaking him. She bound his hands tightly, tying intricate knots. But her fingers were trembling.
Kitty nodded, her turn to be silent, and they found a large rock under the beehives. Once they'd placed it on top of the mound, Billy buried his face in Kitty's shoulder.
That was another silly thing Billy couldn't understand. Grandad Sherlock's name was...well, Sherlock. Why on earth would his best friend call him Holmes, the way Anderson called Daddy Hopkins? It didn't make sense.
“Oh. Well, Waverly is very young. She has much more of her life to live. I wanted to give her a chance to experience all of it. Besides, I was the only one large enough to shelter her.”
When she turned her attention back to the stage, King Lotharon was sitting. Cerise, who Molly had met the night before, stood on the stage. Her arms were still swathed in bandages, and she looked exhausted, but she looked at Jamiarty with a fiery, powerful hatred.
“You’re speaking to the future Prince Consort,” John interrupted. He let a smile show. “There’s no need to worry about Jamiarty anymore.”
“No,” Billy said, grinning as he took his suitcase from Grandfather John. “Rachel sends her love, so do Mum and Dad. If Dad hadn’t been ill…”
Janine kissed her. “You’re welcome, as always.” She looked up and flushed. “Oh, your intended has come, Sherlock. We can speak later, Molly.”
, she could handle the little ones), Mama and Papa were awake too. Aunt Janine and Aunt Molly were there with Domingo and Ezik, and they grinned at Waverly when she came in. Uncle Mycroft was there too, and Waverly gave him a big kiss.
Sherlock laughed. “We’ll try not to be too…fluttery.” He was entirely too giddy this morning. He couldn’t
Quick sneak peek at the next month or so; a couple new SPN fics, the beginning of a Harry Potter series, and of course, more Sherlock, though I'm not sure when exactly (SEASON 4 STARTS TOMORROW CAN YOU BELIEVE IT I HOPE EVERYONE CAN WATCH IT AS SOON AS POSSIBLE). And...well, I can't say too much, but it is a New Year, right? Good to start off with a bang.
It was; their old kitchen, the refrigerator full of both food and toes, their sitting room with their old familiar chairs, a low hum of traffic outside. But there was something a bit...odd.
Sherlock laughed. It wasn’t a happy sound. “Ah yes, borderline sociopathic tendencies, addictive tendencies…”
“Both of you stop.” Mycroft’s gray eyes were steel. “We are far from judging eyes and laws. You are safe here, and why not take advantage of that?”
John nearly shot Moriarty on sight. He didn't have his gun, which would have made that difficult, but that was merely a detail.
“My parents didn’t want me. They as good as told me right from the beginning, and I was expected to deal with that. I was never starving or anything like that, but when I wasn’t perfect…well, Father always made his displeasure clear.”
“You still don’t like saying that, do you?” Billy had heard that Grandfather Sherlock used to think rather badly of women. Mum said he just didn’t know many good ones. That must be why he never got married.
Martha Hudson’s maiden name was Meadows. Though she doesn’t realize it, so was Kitty’s grandmother. They were sisters. Kitty has inherited the family spirit, acceptance of odd living conditions and her great-aunt’s blue eyes.
Jamiarty lunged for them, but Molly was there, and she stopped his blade with hers. Jamiarty fought back with a snarl.
In case you haven't seen it yet, the sequel, Sally's Baby, is now posting! It's the next work in the series, and here's the direct link: http://archiveofourown.org/works/13862772/chapters/31889805
“Oh, of course you do,” Moriarty crooned. “You do, and that's the best part! You'd do anything for him, and that's you're going to do now!”
Molly shook her head. “We don’t have much more time. The wedding will start in forty five (thirty) minutes by the clock. He needs to be awake.”
John watched in surprise as he offered his arm to Mycroft Holmes, who took it. The two walked out, stately as kings.
, it can be difficult for Stan to realize that Kitty is genuinely angry. He learns after a few nights on John and Sherlock’s couch. (Yes, she was
Janine tapped her fingers together. “Why must we renew our treaty so soon, Lord Moran? Has something changed?”
“I forgot that was the lie I went with,” Holmes said when the sound stopped, turning his attention back to the needle.
Warning: this one is dark. Most of you know the source, you know how this goes, but just a reminder, this is the bad chapter.
"I'm not a Miss." The voice was quiet, shaking. John turned to get a better look at the officer. Shorter than John, fair hair falling into brown eyes, Hopkins (from the nametag) looked desperate to run. "I'm not, I already told you."
“He’s not going anywhere,” John promised, leaning harder on Jamiarty’s wrists. “What do you want to do with him, your Highness?”
“It will help him protect her, through all of her days,” Max answered. “He knows her suffering, and he will do everything in his power to ease it. This connection helps him in that.” He gave Sally a solemn look. “But you are still her mother, as Philip is her father. Those roles remain important, and you must fulfill them. Your daughter will need all of her family to get through life, I feel.”
That’s why she got out of the way, as much as Grezzik’s blank eyes unnerved her, and motioned for the others to do the same.
John took his hands. “Right. Well, I had three reasons. Reason one—well, I wanted us to have a good memory involving a rooftop.” He winced as his partner flinched, gripped his hands tighter. “And that’s…well, that’s tied to the second reason, as unpleasant as it was. That day.”
“She doesn’t have to,” Sherlock snapped. “Across the Channel lies a very important place indeed—the Cliffs of Insanity.”
“Have you been hunting me down ever since? And now you’ve failed, after twenty years? That’s the worst thing I’ve ever heard of. How marvelous.”
“Decent reasons,” John said. He kept his thoughts about Molly’s reason—true to a point, but he had a guess her worries about titles might have prompted it too—to himself. “So…what are you doing—oh.”
“Where would I find a worthy man?” Prince Jamiarty said dramatically. “One who is beautiful enough to be worthy of me?” This, of course, was the condition for royal spouses. It didn’t seem to have much effect on the gene pool.
"Our regular nanny is getting married," Molly explained to Kitty. "It'll only be another year or so until they go to school, but it will still be nice to have someone when they get home, since I work sort of irregular hours. They really like you. Do say yes."
Kitty and Stan leapt up. “Damn it!” They rushed out the door, calling hurried thanks over their shoulders.
“No. I think everyone was right, that she took her out of jealousy. If she’d taken her to protect the throne…” Max trailed off, but Sally could fill in the blanks.
"We haven't done anything you didn't deserve, the both of you," Hopkins replied. "Thank you, for everything."
Mary and Martha’s graves are well-tended by her widower as well as his husband. Her spirit is well aware of their love, and feels pure relief that neither man is alone.
They were alarming, these changes. How could love show itself so clearly upon a human face and not be seen or misconstrued? As a practiced observer, Holmes knew that each of these traits—bright, inquisitive eyes that followed the beloved, smiling more in joy, worry being kept to a minimum, interest in life encouraging better nutrition—each of them added a part to a final, incontrovertible deduction. The man was in love, obviously. Holmes knew that there were policemen who could deduce as much, stupid as they were, and that worried him. Was it obvious that Watson had an object of affection? Was it obvious, God forbid, that it was him?
His other grandfather was lying on the sofa in his dressing gown, glaring good-naturedly at Grandad John. "I slept perfectly normally, Watson, I just don't feel the need to scamper about. Best to leave that to the young ones, anyways."
Hope you all enjoyed! This Wednesday's update may be a bit short (I won't have a lot of time for writing because I've been working on this), but we'll be back to regular length next week.
Then a group of soldiers, lead by a man with a blue cloak and six fingers on his right hand, rounded the corner.
Debbie (BAFan) has very kindly written a fade to black scene for the Victorian couple (reference chapter 31). If you like explicit stuff AT ALL you should go read it immediately, it's so cool and a huge honour.
The two of them went downstairs together. As I heard the front door close, Holmes sprang to the window. “They’re walking arm in arm, John!”
John couldn't stop himself anymore and he burst out laughing. Kitty peeked up just enough to glare at him. "You're both horrible," she moaned.
“We are.” John leaned over and kissed his husband, ignoring Rachel’s squawk of disgust. “I love you, Sherlock.”
I thought for a moment. “Those who read my stories are aware that I once had a brother. It would be no great stretch if I had another, but if he had died young, leaving a widow and a small child…and then, upon the tragic loss of her mother, the child, now grown, came to London…”
"It's certainly milder than we were led to believe," Holmes said. "This room is perfectly lovely. The bed is soft, it appears that all of our favourite books are on the shelves, and—" he let out an exclamation of joy and rushed to the window seat, where a violin case lay. He opened it. "John, it's my Stradivarius, only...goodness, it looks brand new!"
Domingo shook his head. “You’re a fool. You undersell both my masterpieces and you see only gold. I pity your ignorance.”
“And you have me, too.” Sherlock made John look at him. “I’ll be your family as long as you want me. You love better and stronger than anyone I’ve ever met, and if you can’t find it in your heart to love those you were born to, the fault’s on them, not you.”
Everyone starts on their journeys. Sherlock, John and Anderson make their way through the forest, and Anderson shares some fears.
“Then it must be John…Mycroft.” Watson grinned awkwardly. “It may take some time to get used to that.”
And when they joined Mycroft at his table that evening, they both wore their new cufflinks, Holmes' set engraved with J.W., Watson's engraved S.H. It was an entirely suitable exchange of jewelry for two old friends.
Sherlock couldn’t believe it. They were rising into the sky, pulled only by a giant with tireless arms.
"Yes, but as I have the remote, I decide when it starts, and it's about to," Sherlock sniffed. He hit play and 'Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares'--John and Kitty watched for food horror, Sherlock for the rows and deductions--started to play.
This chapter begins in the middle of the episode 'The Reichenbach Fall', and the bolded text is a direct quote from the episode. All the break-ins happened, and Moriarty is on trial.
To his surprise the night stayed balmy even as the fog surrounded them. Holmes stepped closer to Watson, and they both stopped. The night was quiet, their breathing the only sound.
Lord Moran bowed his head to Janine. “I don’t think so, your Highness. Jamiarty has always loved arguments, strife…he’s always needed to be at the centre of chaos in order to thrive. Before I knew about—before I read the book, I thought that was because he liked to hunt. He likes being challenged. But the type of challenges he chases are not for the good of his country, they’re for his own amusement.”
“Do you mean fascinating like a pile of dung is fascinating?” Grezzik had heard Sherlock make that pronouncement a few days before. He’d politely wandered away before the Princess could explain.
There were occasional threats to Greg because of Mycroft’s work. Mycroft always ensured that anyone making such threats had to apologize to Greg personally before they were…dealt with.
“All I need is a spouse, someone who will raise my child and help give away turkeys at Thanksgiving.”
“We will rescue our people, of course,” Grezzik added. “And I swear that I will get the four of you home.” He looked at Ireni, Molly, and Sally holding Waverly. He missed Mycroft’s frightened look.
Sherlock froze, his heart in his mouth. John clearly hadn't been caught, but the girls must have been discovered missing. They needed some kind of distraction.
“And we don’t want to start a civil war in Florin,” Molly pointed out. “Which might happen even if Jamiarty doesn’t go to war.”
The name has been lost to time, but no matter what people have theorized, they have all agreed that it was still “going too far”.
Luckily, the Pit was clean. Even the Machine was gone. It was hardly empty though, with nineteen Female carriers staring up at him. They were all chained to tables. One of them was bleeding.
“It has a lot of names. Some call it Truth-Tongue. Others call it angels. I? Well, I call it Invasion.” The woman tucked her long black braids behind her ears.
Dimmock couldn’t speak anymore. He just nodded and leaned on a knot in the tree. An entire section of the tree swung inwards.
Lestrade smiled wryly. “If you mean do I approve of this relationship, then yes, obviously, I wouldn’t be here if not. I just…who is my husband?”
Grezzik picked her up, and Ireni let him without a thought. “I will,” he replied. “For now. These horses can hold me, and when they are tired I can run.”
“So we are,” John said. He gave Sherlock his free hand and they stood up together. “Shall we go to Canada, then?”
He didn’t speak again, and John, exhausted, was willing to close his eyes again, and just breathe in air that wasn’t dank and musty and awful.
“Correct,” Watson said; there was hardly any point in lying. “I would not risk Holmes’ safety, nor he mine.”
At last the song was presented from trembling fingers into the listener's hands. The listener, who had caught snatches of the song for years, never understanding the music to be for him, about him. Never guessing that the notes were the words of a man who had never known how to show his heart.
Lestrade pulled away in shock, but Sherlock simply patted his shoulder and joined John a few feet from the round tea table. There was a speaker on a table near the wall, and Lestrade, after wiping his eyes, walked over and pressed a few buttons on the iPod.
Okay, either most of you know the original source, or I'm as bad at hiding who the man in black is as William Goldman. Which is it?
The queen seemed satisfied with that reply. “Then our biggest dangers come from west of Sanctaphrax in Prumpt. The President is fond of Jamiarty; I believe he was his tutor once.”
“Not all of it,” Sherlock admitted, feeling a little uncomfortable. Since when was he the open one of the two of them? “Just the parts that I think will interest you.”
“How often did you turn to the drug because of me?” Watson asked, voice shaking as he remembered the early days of their friendship, the days just before his marriage…oh God.
“That’s it? Impossible. If I had a week to plan maybe, but this can’t happen in less than an hour.” John shook his head. “Sherlock’s in there with that
Sally was about to retort, to ask this man why he dared to say he knew how she felt. Then she remembered that John was his grandson, and that John had no parents in sight.
“We’d never be here,” John answered hoarsely. Kitty held Rachel out to him and John cradled the baby—
Billy tried to read for a few lines, and then looked out of the corner of his eye. He saw Grandfather John throw Grandfather Sherlock a pained look.
Sherlock heard the shouting, made dim by the thick chapel walls. He glanced at Jamiarty. “Here’s John now.”
“What’s the matter?” Ireni snapped. “I like it, and you don’t have to drink it, your Highness.” She finished pouring and corked the bottle.
“I made Sally my Heir because she is a more suitable ruler,” the King answered. “Even without the charges against you.”
John just shook his head. "Not everything matters, Greg," he quoted. "But Stan's name matters to notice."
“And it’s even better if he tells everyone that you were captured attempting to recover his…property.” Janine’s teeth clenched on the last word. That hurt to say, but diplomacy meant speaking the enemy’s language until you could choke them with their words.
Anderson nodded. He straightened his back, and Sherlock caught a glimpse of royalty, of strength in his pose. “You’re right. I’ll do it.”
“…You have a way of surprising me, Doctor Watson, that manages to be endearing rather than irritating. I hope this will not change.”
Carefully, ready to withdraw the second she wanted, John drew Kitty up and into his arms, cradling her against his chest. "You've had a bad go of it, Kitty," he whispered. "And I know that finding hope once you've lost it is the hardest thing to do, but you'll find it. You will. This will pass."
Grezzik snapped out of it, and looked behind him. Molly was right. The Cliffs were beginning to loom in the distance, over his left shoulder. He grunted and turned the boat.
When Jane Hooper checked, to appease her own mind, she was able to determine that William Sherlock Scott Holmes' heart had stopped at the same second as John Hamish Watson Holmes.
The Count didn’t recognize her. “Kill the giant and the woman, leave the other two for questioning.” He glanced at Stam. “You’re really going to throw away everything for this?”
“We have a way we didn’t know before,” Janine said. She inclined her head to Sally. “We should get the Princess to rest.”
“Yeah, but we couldn’t tell at first,” John replied. He took his husband’s hand. “I think you got the better end.”
“Why does he know that?” Sally spat. She clapped a hand over her mouth, but the damage was done. The words she’d been trying so hard not to say for six months were out.
“Iocane,” the Prince said, sniffing Ireni’s corpse. “I’d bet my life on it. And the Princess’ footprints are fresh!”
“Let me put it this way. I was told that not only were my feelings valid, but they were returned…and I was told this by myself.”
going to kill the Princess, and make it look like it was them. The country will be furious, and we’ll be at war. When I take over, you can help me run Guilder.”
This evening she dropped in after her job finished for the day. Kitty was doing some amusing impersonations of various police officers over coffee and Holmes was correcting her form even as he chuckled.
“We are sorry,” Grezzik said. He was kneeling now, so his eyes were level with the King and Queen. “This must be terrible for you to think about. But Jamiarty is dangerous.”
“I did a lot of that, didn’t I?” Ireni’s lovely brow creased. “It’s easier for me, you see. I don’t feel when I screw up, and if I’m tired or cranky I do what’s easy. I realize now that wasn’t fair.”
the Cliff, finding footholds and handholds where there weren’t really any, certainly not big enough for his hands, but they were there…
Kitty smiled. “Thanks, Dad.” She glanced out the window. “I’d better get home. Stan hates these storms.”
Grezzik stepped forward. He hesitated for only an instant before he took Mycroft’s hands in his. “You don’t have to be terrible all the time, Mycroft. I could help you.”
Greg’s ex-wife finds herself in constant financial troubles and her hairdressers keep ignoring her directions. Greg finds this quite sweet…and a little alarming.
Maria got to her feet, every breath a blast of fire in her lungs, but she was up, and she raised her sword.
“I don’t know why you would. But I’m done with this land. I’ve only stayed because of my cousin, but if he’s thrown his lot in with a man like Jamiarty…I cannot stand here and see that happen.”
Also (last point I swear) I haven't written much of modern Rachel Hopkins, but she's aromantic and genderfluid; his male name is Billy John (he goes by Billy Jo).
Sure enough, Sherlock returned a moment later, clutching a large map. He spread it out on the table, John moving to his side to hold down the corners.
Well, best to get used to that before a marriage to a man he didn’t love. It was always good to practice.
The King’s voice shook, but he lifted the next robe. This one had stones attached—plain, ordinary stones. “As ruler, you must be like stone. You must defend your people, you must be strong and resist being worn down. You are the foundation of the kingdom. Do you accept?”
Molly just pointed. The woman lay on the ground, gasping. She had wounds to her arms and legs, but Grezzik could tell they weren’t fatal.
“That jumped-up—” Miracle Max descended into curses. Martha patted his arm, but she too looked murderous.
The man sighed. “I was sent by an interested government party, who’s been keeping track of both Sherlock Holmes and you for some time now, worried for your safety. You’ve got some very avid readers, Dr. Watson.”
Hope you like the fluff! Kitty and Stan will be showing up in modern times too, under slightly different circumstances.
“Don’t be so sure about that,” Greg said wryly, remembering Mycroft’s enthusiasm at planning even the most dull political gathering.
“Why not? I cannot give what other men can give so easily—entertainment, kindness, affection. All I have to offer is my brain, so is it really so awful that I ask the world to give me more to think about?”
“You take me with you, or I will follow you,” John said simply. “And I know you, love, better than you know yourself. How long do you think it will be before I find you?”
“Breathe, dear.” Martha set her hands on Sally’s shoulders. “Focus on your breathing, and it’ll be over soon.”
What really remained from Lestrade was his daughter, his five sobbing grandchildren, and a stack of letters bound with a blue ribbon and kept in a safe. Those were his friend’s, his love’s remains. He would hold them sacred.
Waverly smiled. Ireni was her favourite tutor, because she taught Waverly how to understand people, how to lie, and just a little touch of magic.
Holmes stiffened. Something was wrong. It was entirely possible that Mycroft owned a ship, but clippers were more often used for trade than pleasure. Where were they going?
"No. But he did. And he told me that she was his now, and I better not interfere. He'd just tell her that I was jealous, that I stalked him and I'd threatened to kill him and
“He’s not my dearest love.” No, his dearest love was a man who’d called him ‘clever’ and meant it, who’d run beside him.
A bright, happy set of notes on the higher strings joined the tune when their first story came out. Horribly inaccurate and sentimental, but...it was nice, after all, to be thought so clever.
Moriarty laughed. “Oh pet, you being dead, Sherlock seeing you broken and bloody, that's certainly part of the final number. How's your precious detective going to deal when you're gone, hmm? I do think that'll destroy him—burn him out, as they say.”
The other Brute lunged at them, but the giant Brute knocked him down with one quick blow. Then he sat down with the woman in his lap, held like a baby.
John helped Sherlock into Greg's car and sat right next to him. "Keep your eyes closed," he reminded Sherlock. "It'll keep down the nausea." He cursed himself for not bringing his medical bag. "Greg, have you got any paracetamol?
When Molly Hooper was thirty-two, Sherlock Holmes met John Watson and Molly realized that she might lose Sherlock forever. She thought John was kind and good, of course, but not very interesting—goodness, Mike Stamford was more interesting. Part of her wanted to interfere between the two, but that would be mean, and she did love Sherlock enough to want him to be happy. Then she went on a date, then two, then three with Jim Moriarty, and learned that liking a psychopath was altogether too easy, and not at all a good idea.
Sherlock slumped against the side of the boat, body shivering with cold. But his mind was racing. The Cliffs…she couldn’t mean the Cliffs of Insanity, could she?
John remembered the day he’d moved in. He’d placed his gun in the top drawer after he and Sherlock had come back from Chinese at three in the morning, still high from adrenaline. He’d fallen asleep that night exhausted and hopeful for the first time in weeks, the only bitterness that Sherlock, of course, wasn’t interested in him. Ah well. He’d be satisfied with friendship.
“Everything I can do,” Sherlock promised, but he felt hollow inside. Something must have gone terribly wrong.
So there be discussion of sex ahead but no...actual sex. Still, this chapter might be...slightly higher than Teen? Just a warning.
Two years after his marriage, John receives a call from his sister. Harry calls from a rehab clinic and shares some stories about their childhood that John was too young to remember, stories that make some of her behaviour make more sense. It’s not an excuse, and it’s a long road to reconciliation, but the Watsons do, eventually, start to feel like siblings.
“The rope will not be there when we get to the Cliffs,” Molly said. She was almost shouting over the noise of the waves. “But you are strong, and you can climb it, can’t you?”
Prince Jamiarty snapped out of it. “Good man. I knew I could depend on you. I want the Thieves’ Quarters emptied.”
Watson stared at the tall stranger, and for a moment the fog cleared enough to see his face. Watson smiled at him, and the stranger—though not so strange, after all—smiled back.
It was heartbreaking, watching the girl struggle to get her breathing under control, curled in over herself. John saw his own anguish reflected in Sherlock's eyes, but neither of them wanted to make it worse.
"He's fine," Kitty tried to soothe, her voice breaking. "He's fine, Father, he's right next to you."
In those five years Grezzik had some trouble finding a place in the troupe. He was huge now, and strong without exercise. He tried to play fight, but it didn’t work very well. He couldn’t quite stop when it was time, no matter how hard he tried.
The bright eyes sparkled even more, and Sherlock let go of his hand again and bent over the wound. Watson felt strangely like he was floating, like the couch was melting away under him. He closed his eyes.
“I told him I was coming to visit you, Uncle John. Stanley—I mean, Mr. Hopkins is a good friend to me at the station. We often talk when it’s slow.”
John looked down; Sherlock had gotten out of the car and was running full tilt towards St. Bart's. Hands shaking John dialed Sherlock's number, watched as his lover stopped in his tracks and whipped out his phone.
; after all, that’s all people ever called them. Her Mum came and beamed as Sherlock Holmes married them and John Watson toasted the lovely “Mr and Mrs. Dr. Hooper,” and Molly danced with her quietly in the shadows, sharing a quiet cry for the man who would have loved to be there.
Stark didn’t take another; Sherlock saw to that. One swift blow to the head knocked the man flying, and Sherlock had his gun’s safety off before John stopped him.
I will likely write a modern set of these in the future, but I just didn't have the time this week, sorry. Next week we'll have another Victorian chapter, and the following week we'll be back to modernity with another arc...I've got someone to introduce you all to...
‘Because You Loved Me’, very popular for father-daughter dances (or any parent-child tribute, really).
Mary sighed. She’d hoped to avoid thinking about the man until after she was Mrs. Watson, after she had crossed the last hurdle.
Watson had given him a name for the flowers he’d loved since childhood, this wonderful flower that grew all year long. And he’d brought him a pot to keep it in, so he could observe it on the nights he couldn’t sleep.
John hated the idea deeply, but he wasn't supposed to pass judgement. His job was to appear just too late at the house, and in a grief-stricken rage try to force his way in. Greg would be on the scene as a first responder, and he would pull John back from the flames and drag him back to Baker Street. There, John would tell them him and Mrs. Hudson that Sherlock wasn't dead, Mrs. Hudson would go stay with her brother-in-law (who was not a murderer, a lovely man with five children in Florida) and Greg would resign (temporarily) and go about his days with his income quietly supplied by Mycroft, though ostensibly gotten through music.
Mycroft is secretly delighted by his desk job, not the least because it means he can wear his wedding ring without worrying about losing it.
And with that, the rest of the day; indeed, the rest of the visit went by without another mention. Billy asked no questions, and only complained when they were being too ‘fluttery’. The rest of the time he was just being twelve and climbing too high in trees and asking dozens of questions and nearly (near enough for John to swear) burning down the cottage when he and Holmes tried to bake a soufflé. (In Holmes’ defense, he’d watched people do it dozens of times, how hard could it be?)
“There’s been no further sightings of the witch,” the Duke announced. “The only person who saw her besides Grezzik was one of the dockhands. She flew in, took a boat, and left.”
Moran swallowed. “Yes. I will miss it.” He held out a scroll. “This is my resignation. Good fortune to you, my Prince.”
The royals work on the wider world, while Stam the Albino goes to the dungeon for a vital family reunion.
"We're never going to make it to the castle in time if we don't rush, but we...well, we can't rush properly on land with all of us. The best thing to do is to give the horses the strength of your arms, then they can run much faster."
“Lies.” The hoarse voice belonged to the wounded Carrier. There were shallow cuts covering every inch of bare skin, her dress in rags. “Sally is nothing. Why would she need anything? Who represents a common whore?”
“I have a garden,” Mycroft replied. “I grow it there; the soil here is excellent for it. You may have some to take home, if you like.”
"I know some excellent dragon games," Kitty said seriously, leading them into the living room. "Now, I was in a bit of a battle with a dragon last night, so you and your brother will have to do most of the leaping, but it'll be fun all the same..."
"Mycroft doesn't like it, and I thought it'd give you one last chance to see it," John said innocently.
Ireni lolled back. “I don’t know if we need to, really. We get in, and most of us will cause a distraction. Sally and the King will go to the Throne Room, and you should guard them on the way there.”
“I  got good grades, and I was smart, and I got into uni a year early. I saved what I could and I had some money from my granddad. He was good to me; gave me my first
John shook his head. “I wasn’t mad at you. I mean, yes I was, because you did push it, but…I didn’t want to talk about it, and that wasn’t really fair.”
His husband was observing the bees, a ridiculous looking contraption protecting his head and neck. He waved a hand, still focused on the hives.
Uncle Sherlock and Uncle John were travellers, and Uncle John wrote about their travels. They always came back with amazing gifts and stories.
“I wanted to write it to you so many times,” Lestrade said. “And I just…I couldn’t do it. I thought it would be pointless, and I was never sure that you—”
Sherlock steepled his fingers. "Stop me if I've got something wrong," he directed  Kitty. "The Gardener is one of the most vicious pimps in London, John. He's got a large amount of prostitutes of all ages and genders working for him, and he treats them with as little mercy as he can get away with."
It took two tries, but Kitty was pregnant by April. Pregnancy was hard on her, but she refused to let it show, up for consulting at all hours until Stan put his foot down.
So John listened as his lover laid out his plan of self-destruction. To feed Moriarty information that could lead to a public disgrace. To let Moriarty go ahead with his plans feeling secure; let him get out of this sentence, let him pull Sherlock down. Make him a fraud.
“There was a fight here with a giant,” Jamiarty said, raising himself from his kneeling position. Just before he stood, he spotted footprints. “There are the Princess’ footprints! He was alive no more than an hour ago.”
“If you wouldn’t mind.” Kitty looked desperately hopeful. “Then I know—it won’t be a stranger, and I won’t be worrying the whole time, and you could count it as a million Christmas presents—”
Sherlock let out a loud cry as they leapt forward, and Anderson's answering yell was quickly followed by an almighty roar of people, so loud John stopped in his tracks.
"We met at the library," Stan explained. He was still blushing under his newly grown beard. "She was there with Lily and Jacob. It was my day off—"
“You already know it. And so does Jamiarty. That’s why your table is so much farther away from the others. He placed you there on purpose, didn’t he? To torture you even more. You are Carla’s mother.”
And Molly sent up a quiet thank you to the witch who’d reached out through Grezzik and saved the little girl who somehow felt like her child, the child she wanted to raise and teach and
Neither did Janine. Her father and mother did most of the judgement in the capital, especially now that she was ambassador to London. She just didn’t want to make people do things.
Sherlock was jerked from his pleasant reverie. “Wait, what?! We can’t go in there. We’ll never survive!”
John loved her dearly—even she who’d never been in love before knew that. And she loved him desperately and truly…he was her ideal, her partner. They would get married and have children, build a little family. Live happily ever after.
“You’re welcome. And you’ll do fine. Now get to the gate. By the way, if your cousin wants to come to the wedding, he can join in.”
King Lotharon nodded. The grief he’d shown earlier that day was gone, replaced by calm certainty. “How many troops have you? This is not an assault on the Castle, I hope.”
Max sat her down on a bench and put a cup of creamy soup in her hands. “Drink it down, and listen to me.”
John stood on the street where Sherlock had left him, waiting five minutes before dialling for a cab. He nearly jumped out of his skin when his phone rang. A familiar number, though he couldn't quite place whose. He answered hesitantly.
“Of course,” Grandfather Sherlock said seriously. “You’re our best listener. Now, some of this might be hard to believe, but it is the truth and nothing but. Alright?”
“I don’t think we have any plans,” John replied. “I’ve just been reading, might keep doing that. Did you have something in mind?”
John grinned, looking like a bashful teenager. How he managed that after years of the army and Sherlock, Greg would never know.
The giant picked him up and slung him over his shoulders. Sherlock felt a rope go around his legs, and another around his shoulders.
“She was my half-sister,” Carin looked down. “Much older, and she wasn’t my Father’s child; before his time, but he loved her like his own. He’s dead now, but mother is still alive.”
Watson blushed. "Never should have written that," he said gruffly. "I was angry with you for leaving, I thought perhaps you wouldn't care that this was—"
“If they’re smart, they’ll stay quiet,” Ireni said. “Now I know we’ve all slept on different kinds of beds, but right now we need to work together and plan a distraction. What is the best way into the Heir room, your Majesty?”
“Of course you. Who else would know enough to protect them? You’ve always been a brilliant fighter, Ma—Molly. Still getting used to that.”
And they ran again, for so long that Sherlock quite lost his sense of direction. But he didn’t stop thinking, and by the time they stopped again he’d deduced his companion’s identity.
"How could I ever be bored by you?" Sherlock said wonderingly, stroking a hand through John's boring blond hair. "John Watson, you surprise me every day."
“We can delay things,” Sherlock assured John. “I’m not worried about the Carriers. But we do need to make sure Carla’s mother is safe.”
"Call me an idiot, call me a desperate slut, call me whatever you like," Kitty all but snarled, "but yes, I have been. Believe me, I've paid for it." She was starting to hyperventilate.
And she threw the child with all her strength. The bundle sailed over Grezzik’s head, and he caught a glimpse of Waverly’s face, smiling at him.
Watson leaned forward to rest their foreheads together. "I'm sorry, dear." He pulled away with a frown. "You're warm, Sherlock."
The man blushed. "Well, not really. I just borrowed him for a moment, all those years ago. I wanted you to meet."
It reminded him a lot of Baker Street, but…it wasn’t. It couldn’t be. This place was bizarre—there was an edge to it, a taste in the air that convinced Watson that he was very far from home indeed.
Kitty managed a smile at that. "Grief is the price we pay for love," she quoted. "Queen Elizabeth was a wise woman. And I wouldn't trade a moment of the happiness that we've had. You two gave me justice, a family...love. That's worth any pain."
Kitty smiled at him. “Never thought Da would be such an expert on trolls. Goodness knows I can’t always give the right advice.”
John whirled again, wanting to thank James, but to his surprise the man was already gone. He walked slowly towards the door, stopping only for a second to bend down and check Moriarty’s pulse. Gone. Done. It was strange to see the consulting criminal so still so…so human, despite his best efforts.
“I hope so,” Watson replied. “It’s strange—I’m sure some people would call this quite an ordinary day.”
Sally looked at her father. “I think Stam should bring him to the dungeon, Father. He can stay there until we can hold a trial.”
Sally was laboring in her and Anderson’s quarters. Her husband was nowhere to be found, but Miracle Max was next to her, counting under his breath.
"Good morning!" Grandad John was smiling hugely, and he picked Billy up and swung him onto his knee. "You've got a lot of energy today, Billy. You must have slept better than Holmes!"
Grezzik lifted Sally onto one of the horses, with Waverly tied to her chest. Maria—no, Molly now—leapt up behind her.
Watson raised a hand and patted Holmes’ shoulder. “Sherlock, it’s alright. I promise, I will be quite alright.”
“So I got into pre-med and became a surgeon, then I went to war. Why not? I wanted to do some good in the world, and it wasn’t like anyone would miss me. I did three years in Afghanistan, got shot, and flew into an airport with no one there to greet me.” John smiled, but it was shaky. “Then I met a madman and fell in love.”
“We’ll go after them,” Sherlock promised. “But we do have one question—do any of you remember a child called Carla?”
The Count lunged forward with his sword, but Maria deflected it into her shoulder, which hurt, but it wasn’t serious. Then he struck again, but that blow went just above her collarbone, barely a nick…
“Power too, promise me that!” A strike to his right cheek, now his face was covered in flowing blood.
John leaned away from him, just enough to make it seem natural. “I don’t think so, not really. She’s quite a bit older than me, you know.”
“Why are you asking us?” Sherlock asked, ignoring John. “We’re not the only wedded couple in your life.”
“Harry’s a woman, actually. Harriet.” Sherlock pushed Watson’s hands away from the wound, examined it himself. “Knife. Nasty cut.”
They made it down to the dock faster than Grezzik expected, and they were in a rowboat before the dockmaster could ask what was going on.
He hadn’t wanted to get married; the bother of finding someone beautiful who would also be tolerable for an entire engagement was too much. But Sherlock had practically come gift-wrapped, and Jamiarty had enjoyed watching the journey from peasant to Princess. He even enjoyed the challenge of playing stupid for someone who might actually be clever enough to spot the lie. Only Sherlock hadn’t been, so far. Oh well. He wasn’t going to survive, no matter how clever he was.
Jim never let himself love Sebastian Moran. Why love something you knew you had to throw away, no matter how loyal?
Moran bowed low. Molly saw him look at Stam once, open his mouth to say something, and then think better of it. He turned and left.
Mycroft pondered the request even after he sent an affirmative reply. He’d never been close to any of the police at the Yard; that was Sherlock’s realm. He knew Lestrade better than most (loveless marriage ended by his wife’s death, only child far away, near retirement, endlessly patient—how else could he work with Sherlock?), and had spent a few pleasant evenings with the man planning his brother’s wedding. But they weren’t
“I must admit I don’t often have trouble sleeping,” he said cautiously, “but a chance to spend time with my husband, away from the eyes of others...well, who am I to pass that up?”
“One of the linen closets for guests,” Sherlock explained. “They hang those bunches of herbs to make everything smell nice.”
This is for Willow_Angel again, who asked long ago for some Victorian Mystrade. I finally figured out a way to do it.
“He received a bonus recently, and he decided to invest in real estate. My brother’s feeling his age, I suppose.”
The King looked at her. “Before you came here, I believed that it was the sea air and the change of scenery,” he said evenly. “Now I am not so sure.”
He also knew that two of the librarians were Carriers, and that Raz cared about his staff more than the books, which was saying something. If the Carriers had been harmed in any way, Raz would know. And be willing to share that information, so long as it meant they could help with the bashing.
“Seven months.” Sherlock’s touch was more gentle now, at least what Watson could still feel under the numbing drug. “You said you were married as well? How on earth did you manage that?”
“It was the 'Study in Pink' case, and Sherlock came banging in to give us the answer, except he had someone in tow. A rather short, grouchy looking stranger with a cane.” (He tipped a wink at John).  I asked Sherlock who he was. The response I got was ‘he’s with me.’”
What does that mean? Well, when I get to the end of the list I'll be marking this series as complete (probably until season 4 comes out at least). So if you've got any prompts you want to give now, send them to me by all means! I'd just like to have an idea of how many chapters I have left so I can do some planning. Prompts will be open for sure until I'm done posting things (and I'll let you know when that's coming up).
“Fine.”  John made to go, then stopped. His shoulders were suddenly tense. “Actually, there is one thing you could help me with. For the wedding, I mean.”
Watson leaned forward enough so they could rest their foreheads together. “Mycroft means well, my dear. He wants your memory kept too.”
The Princess took two steps, and Ireni yanked him towards her. “Catch up with us after you finish him.”
Curious about the rest of the cottage, Billy peered next door. There was a study there; partly for Grandfather John (writing desk), partly for Grandfather Sherlock (music stand and chemical instruments). There was another door that, when opened, proved to lead outside to a small garden. There was only one door left. Billy peeked in. Another large, cheerful bedroom, with…two beds?
After dinner they relaxed on the bench and watched people walk by. Holmes kept up a steady commentary of who was walking where and why, while Watson listened attentively. After a few minutes, Holmes slowed down, unaccountably worried that he was boring Watson, but his companion nudged him impatiently. “No, go on Holmes, whose husband is that woman seeing?”
Holmes picked up his phone. Sherlock had shown him how to use one. John had downloaded Angry Birds for him. Watson had given him an earful for that one.
Queen Chessa of Sanctaphrax came in with her snow leopard striding by her side. She was the oldest queen Janine knew, the first female ruler on the continent. She was also Janine’s maternal grandmother, and she gave her a friendly nod.
Watson reached out for her, and Rachel scrambled across the bed. "Oh child, we're old. This is what happens when you get old. We're not built to live forever. It's alright, really."
“Greg?” Holmes looked puzzled, then his vision cleared. “Ah, Lestrade. Yes, that will be interesting. We’ve only seen each other briefly since we came here.”
Molly shuddered. She’d fight like an animal if she was chained like that, but Jamiarty was completely still. In fact, he looked bored.
Molly and Gruner entered, talking quite cheerfully about a...child with crows? Sherlock had never seen the anime nor read the manga, but clearly Gruner liked Molly's ideas. Molly was flitting about the room quite naturally, exclaiming over different figurines and surreptitiously checking the bindings of the various books placed on high-quality shelves.
"You didn't have to come with me," Sherlock sniffed as they dodged two gaping interns. "You have no paperwork to fill out."
“Excellent point.” Janine drew her closer. “You’re incredibly useful, Lady Montoya.” She looked at Moran. “Officially, we accept this scroll as truth, and we will carry it as truth to our allies.” Then she beckoned Moran closer. “Mycroft, come here.”
“I don’t know,” John whispered. “I truly don’t. But if you promise to believe that I will rescue you…”
Alone again, Mary looked into the glass. Her plain face seemed out of place surrounded by bridal finery. She was no beautiful bride, but she would be blushing. A sudden, wild thought came to her—of Sherlock Holmes made female,
Mycroft laughed, but it wasn’t a happy sound. “Once upon a time, I thought all I wanted was to be alone. My mind’s different too, you see. It’s more like a mine, and I dig deeper and deeper until all I have left is a bunch of empty tunnels.”
“I did ask them,” Kitty said. “Molly said she always wanted a wedding and a good man, and she couldn’t see why she shouldn’t have both and still be a feminist, Mike said he wanted to make Molly happy, Uncle Greg said it was to spite some of the people in Uncle Mycroft’s office, and Uncle Mycroft said it was because he wanted Uncle Greg to be officially family.”
Sally looked at Ireni. The Woman was frowning, her tongue tracing her lips. “That doesn’t make sense.”
At noon, Sherlock stood on the balcony beside his husband, this time as their Queen. And the crowds cheered like cStamy, even in their mourning black.
John smiled at himself in the bathroom mirror. It was still dark outside; barely half six in the morning. He wasn’t a morning person in the slightest, but today he was as cheerful as he could be.
“Go away!” the voice through the door sounded thoroughly out of sorts. Maria didn’t care, and continued to pound.
John had been trying to sleep for the past two hours—ahis husband (God that was a gorgeous word) had managed to fall asleep, but even with a quick drink John was staying resolutely awake. Which might be a problem when it came time for them to go to bed.
John should have hesitated. He should go to the Diogenes Club to stage his confrontation with Mycroft, then on to Bart's with Sherlock. But if Sally had caught on, she had to be dealt with.
“Thank you, Prince John.” Eria’s eyes filled with tears. “Go now. I fear what is happening to our parents. We can protect each other, but they are out of our reach.”
“We’re not going after her, John,” Sherlock said. “It’s done. Let her be. She’s got a conscience. That’s more punishment than anything we could ever do.”
Sherlock laid his hands by his sides. “I don’t follow. You have no reason to apologize to me, I intruded on a painful subject and made deductions after you told me to stop. You’ve been attempting to teach me common courtesy when dealing with strangers, and here I can’t maintain the proper behaviour with my own lover. The blame is entirely on my side, and I don’t fault you for losing your temper.”
John beamed. “I did, didn’t I?” The cool box he’d asked Raz to set up was there, and he opened it. “It’s only tea and sandwiches for supper, but I thought we might get here long after normal times, so—”
John shook his head. "You're horrible yourself, my girl. Why didn't you tell us? We were hoping you two would like each other. Well, not necessarily in this way, but we're quite pleased. Aren't we Sherlock?" he nudged his husband.
Watson stood up. Moving slowly, as he would around a spooked horse, he knelt in front of Holmes and cupped his face. Holmes immediately leaned into the touch.
“Maybe.” Kitty went quiet again. An awful, lonely, wailing wind started up outside. John was on the verge of telling Kitty to spit it out when she finally did.
Kitty was Mummy, even though only his Grandads called her that. Daddy always called her 'Snowflake' (which was apparently funny but Billy didn't understand At All), and everyone else called her Mrs. Hopkins. Except Billy, of course, who called her Mummy.
“No,” Lestrade said. Something in his face had changed; the shock had faded to curiosity. “Thank you, but I believe Mr. Holmes and I had better take a walk before we eat. We have things to discuss.”
“It’ll be hard at first, Sherlock. I know how to work. I want to work for you.” John started to pack. “I’ll go to Marseille and I’ll get on a boat and go to America. There’s so much to see there, Sherlock! So many wonderful things…and I’ll work twenty hours a day and write you once a week until I can send for you. We’ll have our own place, a little house that we can come back to after adventures.”
John glanced over his shoulder and watched Moriarty take out a phone. He tossed it to John, who caught it with nearly-numb fingers.
“I came to steal Philip’s child. Jamiarty told me to come to just witness that the Carrier slut was here, but I stole her spawn. She was mine by right.”
“It seemed considerate to tell you the situation as quickly as possible.” Mycroft’s face wavered. “Besides, little brother, it’s been three years, and I feared for you.” He spotted John. “Hello, John. You’ll be staying with Sherlock now, I hope?” There was no hope in his voice at all; it was pure, icy threat.
Sherlock seeks the help of a librarian, and he and John discover that John will have to face his old trauma.
John could tell it was a fake newspaper, pulled together from examples of several different articles. He still ran his fingers over the words, trying to understand. “The vote…then…”
Sherlock and John get a surprise visitor, a new case, and a broken window (not quite in that order).
"He called them Lily and Callie and Goldenrod," Kitty said, "even though they weren't their real names. That's what they're under in his book."
P.S. Jane Steele, by the way, is a fantastic book that everyone should read. It's by Lyndsay Faye, who also wrote Dust and Shadow, which is the best Sherlock Holmes story I've ever read. (May have a slight author crush)
Mycroft was surprised. “Would you like me to write to you?” That seemed to be what the other man was leading towards, but it…couldn’t be.
“And do both of you promise to keep your union sacred, to work to stay together, and to keep your lives intertwined?”
For once, the towels weren’t threadbare nonsense, and there were several large fluffy ones. John dried Sherlock carefully, relieved to feel his pulse calming down when he touched his wrists.
At the end of the year, the sword was finished. It shone even in the dim light of their tiny hovel, balanced perfectly.
John rolled his eyes. “So did I, love, and you know it. It was wonderful.” A whole month without cases, without interruptions…they’d had a golden honeymoon.
Curious, Holmes opened the telegram. “Come to Plymouth docks. Case for you. Wear your best.  Bring Dr. Watson.” It was signed Mycroft, which meant that his brother was anxious yet happy. Odd.
John allowed Sherlock to lead him into the house, heart pounding. For the first time in a long time he didn’t want to know what Sherlock was hiding. Or rather he did, but didn’t want to be wrong.
Sally was napping, and Grezzik had taken Waverly out to the gardens. The little girl loved being outside. Grezzik would sit with her in the middle of the grass and listen to her babble intently. He’d talk to her sometimes too, because she was an excellent listener, all big eyes and curls. He would tell her stories about his parents, about the beautiful places he’d seen on his travels, and even his worries about his place in London.
Sherlock laughed. “You’re correct.” He swept John up in his arms, ignoring his husband’s indignant protests. “Which way to the cake, brother dear?”
Sherlock paced around the lab, Molly watching him and twisting her hands. The body was ready to be moved, Mike was waiting outside with his car. John should be here by now.
Still, this meant they were one step closer to the end of all this. And the beginning of...well, what was coming next?
Lady Hope laughed. “Congrats, Riley.” He took a long drink of his foul-smelling tonic. “What have you found?”
Sherlock still couldn’t look him in the eye. “You’ll be safe, John. I can’t think you dead again. We’ll be alright; we’ve learned how to live without each other. Be happy, John.”
John struggled, but he didn't really want Sherlock to let go anyways and he didn't want to crush his own hopes with movement.
When he finished sweeping the glass up, Sherlock went into the kitchen. The unmistakeable sounds of tea brewing drifted out, and John relaxed back into the chair, carefully setting down the shards of glass.
“Somebody did,” Sally whispered. “Somebody brought me dresses and made sure that I had my favourite candy. Somebody made sure I wouldn’t carry my brother’s child.”
Watson imagined living alone again, as he had briefly after Afghanistan, and then again when Mary died. He imagined only practicing medicine, seeing Holmes perhaps once or twice a month. He shuddered.
John kissed him again, longer this time. “Thank you for being family. For sharing yours. For everything.”
Mycroft held out his hand. This time, when Gregory took it, he raised it to his lips. “I do care, Gregory Lestrade,” he said solemnly. “I care more than I know how to express.”
“As a ruler, you keep the flame of your country. You must hold the lives of your people with gentleness and love, you must be fierce in justice and warm in mercy, and you must hold the torch to pass it down one day. Do you accept?”
Holmes smiled at him with a tenderness he usually had to hide and squeezed his hand. He took his own ring out of his ‘pocket-watch’ and put it on his free hand. “Lead on, my dear John.”
“Well, tell him first. Tell him you want to be married, and see how he feels.” John squeezed his daughter’s cold hand. “Either way you both know, and you can figure out what you want as a couple. As Kitty and Stan, nobody else. We just want you happy, whatever way that may be.”
Cold and weary, Holmes finally managed to swing his bag down from the carriage and stalk off. He wasn't going to bother with slinging it to a comfortable position—no, that's what men did when they deserved to be happy. Which clearly, he didn't, or he wouldn't be stuck in Baker Street alone over Christmas.
Very reluctantly, Sherlock let go of John and watched him get dressed. He’d watched him do that dozens of times in six months; why did it feel so wonderful to watch John pull a jumper on?
John stood up quickly, backing away from the couch. “Yes, I know, family’s meant to care about each other. I think you’d better drop it, Sherlock.”
Mycroft nodded, throat tight as he remembered the ease with which their counterparts held hands. “I did not expect to see that.”
Grezzik grinned as he leapt from the wheelbarrow and ran at the soldiers, who scattered screaming. Molly and Stam leapt out, ready to fight, but there was no one. Grezzik tossed off the flaming cloak and helped John up, supporting the man as they approached the gate. Moran was yelling at his men to stand firm, but even he gulped as they approached.
“And what's left to tell, then?” John asked, teeth clenched so tight the words came out in a hiss. “My part, I suppose?”
Then he entered the room and saw the needle in Holmes’ hand, and all thought of argument went out the window.
“And he can track better than anyone I’ve ever known,” Moran added. “She’d know that too, they hunted together.”
“Why on earth would you trust me?” Lord Moran asked bitterly. “And why trust you? The only reason I’m helping you is the child.”
Sherlock furrowed his brow. “John, you must listen, and you cannot interrupt, alright? Not until I have finished.”
"Yes," Grandad Sherlock said finally. "Yes, there have been very scary moments for both of us. But we're alright, and they're over now."
Grezzik swayed, and Molly stood, alarmed, but the next second the giant was blinking. “Molly?” he asked. Gone was the confidence of the moment before; now he was childlike in his confusion. “Did she help?”
That was worth noting, considering that he'd woken with a bad back for the last seven years. It wasn't as irritating as his bad shoulder of course...which didn't hurt either.
"I don't think that's a good idea," John said. "Sherlock probably wants you handy." He left out the part where he thought the less time Kitty spent in the same place as Gruner, the happier he would be.
The concierge was bright and smiley, the bellhop wished them congratulations, and before John knew it they had been whisked up to their room with an ice bucket dotted with tiny champagnes, which felt ridiculously fancy.
“Go through their pockets and look for loose change,” Miracle Max snorted. He picked up a bellows. “One of you open his mouth.”
“This is why I told you we should ask him,” Holmes confided to Miss Winter. “The good doctor has always been a tale-spinner.”
Dread slowed his footsteps, and it was the darkest hour before dawn by the time he reached the Cliff’s edge. To his horror, there was no body, nothing. Grezzik wept as he stood by the Cliffs. Had the man in black thrown her body over the side? If so, he couldn’t bear to climb down.
Sherlock nodded absently. His breath was still too shallow and fast for John’s liking, so John kept one hand in his partner’s while he typed.
Kitty was grateful for the simple, clear wills of her fathers. The cottage was theirs, as were all their possessions, except for two. And there would be two, simple burials.
“But Uncle Mycroft, you have to come back to London.” Rachel had solved the problem of what to call Mycroft when she first learned to talk, and the title never failed to make the old man smile.
“He really loves you,” Jamiarty whispered to John. “And you truly love him, and you could have been really, truly happy. Not one couple in a century has that chance, no matter what the stories say. And so I think no man will suffer more than you now.”
John watched as Sherlock straightened and considered Sally. “I should have noticed. Yours, I presume, Anderson?”
The whites (well, the browns still, their paint wasn't coming off for a while), were hitched to the carriage along with the King and Queen's own horses, so they were sure to go quickly.
Kitty likes to go to the park and feed the ducks with her children. It reminds her of the happier years of her childhood, when she would do the same with her mother.
That got the Hopkins on the train immediately. Rachel, now a successful choreographer who took a blunt hammer to the conventional methods of nearly every form of dance, came with her parents. She was Rachel when they got down by train and saw her Grandads pale and weak for the first time. He was Billy Jo when he figured out that something was really wrong, and Mum and Da weren't worrying for nothing.
“You saved my daughter’s life. I am in your debt.” Sally considered Ireni. “I think you’ve turned to villainy because it’s easier than anything else. You look like the kind of woman who wants a challenge. Help raise my daughter. If she’s going to be a princess, she’ll need a dose of ruthlessness.”
And Grezzik, who had never been paid for his brains, who wasn’t supposed to think, didn’t. He just dove after Waverly.
“Adjust her bonds,” Janine directed the guards. She felt ill. They all knew what Jamiarty was capable of doing to adults, but murdering a seven year old? When he himself was only ten?
“Anderson’s from London,” Mycroft explained. “I needed someone inside the palace, and he volunteered. He wasn’t…well, he wasn’t meant to father a child, but his advice has been most helpful.”
Raz shook his head. “Dragged out of here at noon. All the Carriers were. They’re being charged with high treason.”
"I know what you mean. I suppose we're just Holmes-sexual." A beat passed. "Shoot me for saying that. Immediately."
Molly’s head spun. Was it truly that easy? “I don’t know. I’m alright with being pregnant, but so is Janine.”
“But he’s been taken back to his ship,” Grezzik said. “He sails with the Dread Pirate Roberts. Messengers have been dispatched to find him, because the Princess loves him.”
“Every so often, I can figure things out,” John said gently. “Now come on, we’re going up to your room.”
Watson took his hand, not caring who saw. “You helped me, dear. One of the many reasons I love you—you have the skill to heal a doctor.”
John scowled at his husband, but Sherlock just grinned at him. “Perhaps we should exchange stories?”
“Jamiarty only wants the best,” Molly answered. She clicked her tongue, and the horse started to leave the barn. Ireni followed, with Grezzik bringing up the rear on a patient horse.
"Oh, I'll return them soon, Molly. Just as soon as all..." Kitty glanced at the twins, who were staring at her intently. "As all this is over."
Molly knew that was true. She’d seen Grezzik collapse after days of walking, slump forward, and continue the walk on his hands, holding the balance perfectly.
The telegram came early that morning. Holmes had just finished a hasty breakfast when Mrs. Hudson laid it on the table. “It’s from your brother, Mr. Holmes,” she said.
Sally was already running for the palace gates, and Molly was right at her side. The lights were going off, one after the other, and Molly waited for the alarm bells to start ringing.
“Maybe she lied to you, like you were lying to her.” Sally’s tears were drying. “She took our daughter, Philip, obviously she was lying!” Her voice was rising into a scream.
Molly turned. Sherlock and John were standing at the door. The crowd parted to let them through. Sherlock was carrying a bracelet in his hand, and Cerise covered her mouth with her hands.
None of them wanted to part, but something told the long-time husbands they needed to spend the last day alone. And it was the last day; one last burst of energy to see the Hopkins off at the station, one last day tending the garden and taking care of the bees, one last night cuddled in front of a driftwood fire with tea and biscuits.
“Tell me when we’re fifty feet apart,” Grezzik replied. His back was starting to ache, and his knees protested every movement, but his arms were fine, and there was no time for this.
Molly stopped listening. She knew this part of the story well enough. She craned her neck, watching the people instead. A few of the lords and ladies were looking nervous.
What the Prince’s signal meant was simple. It was ‘obviously we’re not going to do what I just said’.
“There’s no time, love,” John whispered. “And you know it.” With his last ounce of defiance, he pulled the phone away from his ear and turned to Moriarty with a glare. “Can you give us a moment, please?”
Sherlock buried his face in John’s shoulder and held him close. “I thought so too,” he said in a muffled voice.
The doctor put his hand on her forehead, counting the seconds between her screams, and hoped this would soon be over.
“That soon?” Greg took a quick look at his calendar. “Barring a second Jack the Ripper, we should be fine. We should ask them about a specific date.”
"I just meant...Look, I'm sorry, I don't know what I meant. But I swear there's no pity there. The only person I've ever pitied is dead, and I doubt you're anything like him."
Mrs. Hudson caused a diversion by coming in with a basin of steaming water. “Are you alright, Doctor?” she asked.
The woman looked well-fed and groomed, but her eyes were full of hate. Nevertheless, she curtsied low.
“She tossed the baby off the Cliffs of Insanity, and Grezzik seemed to think he could fly,” the woman cut in. “Luckily, I
“It’s possible, you warthog-faced buffoon. I could be lying here because I lack the strength to stand.”
The second burial was in Sussex, and it was only the four of them. Kitty had never been more grateful for Stan, who refused to leave her alone to deal with Rachel's screaming grief and Billy's quiet, so, so quiet. He hadn't said a word since she'd woken him to the news that his grandfathers were dead.
“We ate the same food and drank the same things,” Sherlock mumbled. He pulled himself to the sink and began to wash his hands. “Why aren’t you going mad?”
“I’m not now,” John whispered. “And death cannot stop true love. All it can do is delay it for a while.”
She and Stan slept, when they could sleep, on the other bed. Billy and Rachel slept in the guest room.
Sherlock took the pills without protesting. John wiped his face with the cool flannel. "Go to sleep, love," he whispered. "When you wake up things will be better."
To his surprise Sherlock drew him close and kissed him. "Of course, my dear John," he said. "And then we'll go home."
“I never said anything, because he never mentioned it again. But sometimes he would talk about his child and he would…smile, more. More than anyone would if they had that vomitous mass as a son.” Max looked at Sally. “Is anyone else alive who knew your mother?”
Two hundred feet from the ground, he caught up with her. He drew her close to his chest, curling into a ball as much as possible.
In the end it was John who started the conversation. They were sitting on the couch together, Sherlock paging through his email while John typed up their last case, head on Sherlock’s shoulder. Mrs. Hudson had gone shopping, as there were no more biscuits for tea and that was a Bit Not Good.
Sherlock Holmes was not a stupid man. He knew the way most would react to his and John’s love. They were abominations, freaks. No matter how much their family told them their love was alright and protected their secret, he knew they still considered it odd. Born in the wrong time, the wrong place, the two of them were trapped among those who would never accept them as normal.
“No, they’re just comfortable. I think people will wear them more in the future.” The man in black made a lunging movement. Grezzik reached his hands up to catch him, but the man in black bounded off a rock, somersaulted over Grezzik and, before the giant could turn, he was on his back, arms wound around his neck.
Holmes lifted Watson’s hands to his lips and kissed them reverently. “As ever Watson, you are a conductor of light.”
Grezzik watched as his friend stroked John’s throat, watched the pill go down. His skin was crawling; this man was dead. He believed in Molly, but he’d felt death before. He’d carried both of his parents to their final resting places, felt the same cold stillness. What if they had only been mostly dead? But no, he’d sat with them for days, and Miracle Max had explained when he sent Grezzik out for frog dust that time would kill even those who were merely sort-of dead.
Too lazy to cook a full supper, Holmes had spread honey on bread and they eaten that with some of the new peas and beans, sitting in their chairs on the porch together. Watson's chair rocked, and he set it going just a little, his eyes closing as he wondered whether they did, in fact, have to wait until it was fully dark to go to bed.
John shivered as Sherlock wrapped his arms around him from behind, pressed a kiss to his throat. "John, are you tired?"
Holmes looked up in surprise. A small clipper ship floated just beyond them, her name proudly emblazoned on the side,
It probably had something to do with the fact that he'd slept apart from Sherlock the night before. It was tradition, after all, and John had let Sherlock get away without a lot of traditional thing, he didn't like them much himself, but the fact remained that this was one simple, easy thing to do. Sleep apart from the man he loved. Who he hadn't slept without in over four years, not counting one or two days here and there, but those were ordinary days. Not the night before their wedding, with all the qualms and worries that came with that.
"Three months on Tuesday," John said evenly. "What exactly does that have to do with you? Or anything?"
Sherlock sighed. "Because even I only have so much pull. Because there's no witnesses, not even when witness protection is involved. Because his name is Bertie Gruner."
"That's rude, dear." John rolled his eyes fondly at Sherlock's distasteful expression. "Go on, talk to Greg, he looks a bit lonely. I'll go see if Bradstreet wants to talk about his daughter again."
“You looked like Mum and Dad do when they hold hands,” Billy explained. “Only you weren’t, so I fixed it.”
And John kissed him then, and Sherlock slipped his fingers into John’s hair, it was longer than on the farm, and he couldn’t feel the ache anymore and all he felt was warmth, pure warmth…
Sherlock was about to ask John, rather hopefully, if perhaps they ought to go downstairs and see if Mrs. Hudson might be there (he had very little data on this apparent afterlife, it was rather disconcerting to find out there was one at all). A creak from the stairs stopped him.
“To the Zoo of Death,” Alissa said. She was calmer now, but still trembling. “I heard Father scream it when they took her away. She’s terrified of the creatures there.”
Sherlock lost a lot of ground in the rankings the day John left. John was gone, and winter was approaching, and what was the point of doing anything?
“Jamiarty doesn’t give a fuck about that sort of thing,” Sherlock muttered. His face was pale. “We shouldn’t have come here.”
Sherlock looked on his windowsill. Watson had gotten him a pot, and he’d planted the moonblossom. It was midnight, and the petals were open, almost glowing in the light.
"My poor dear," John murmured. "I'm so sorry." He gently laid Sherlock back against the pillows. "Here, I have some Cinnarizine here. If you take two of these that should help you sleep well enough, and it will help with nausea."
As she turned back to Gruner and held out the manga Sherlock had given her, Sherlock saw her hand drift to her right, and he spotted it. An old, velvet covered book alone on a shabby cushion. Now Molly would feign having to go out to her car to get the rest of her items, and Gruner would follow.
Watson squeezed his hand, then slowly, as cautiously as the old men they'd been, they made their way down the stairs.
Greg didn't notice any of the speculation going on outside his door, nor, truthfully, would he have cared. For the first time in years, he felt genuinely cheerful, looking forward to going home. His home wouldn't be empty anymore, nor would it have any fretful, passive-aggressive, cheating wife.
Then he thought of something—something he’d longed to do for years, but never quite dared, no matter what else they’d done.
There were no cries of outrage at the meeting. There were no recriminations, no vows of vengeance, no dashing about. Everyone sat still and quiet.
This is a terrible joke based on the fact that the word lesbian is a reference to Sappho, a lesbian poet from Lesbos (and others like her).
"Of course you can," David said gently. "This is the good place, after all. You can do what you like."
“I accept,” Sally said. She let out a gasp as the robe settled onto her, making her knees buckle. But she stayed upright, swaying only a little, and she looked her father in the eye.
Mycroft was ready to walk to the post office—it was his weekly exercise, even in this icy winter—when his phone rang. When he heard Maggie’s weeping voice, he knew.
To the immediate left was another door. Watson opened it curiously and found a study with a large writing-desk on one end and a table of chemical instruments at the other. Watson was pleased and touched to see there was already writing materials set up on the desk, complete with both his and Holmes’ collections of commonplace books. The chemical table had all of Holmes’ notes and a violin case and music stand next to it.
Ireni moved to the side of the Cliffs and screamed in frustration. “He didn’t fall?! Inconceivable!”
And Kitty did. But she said no to Molly's offer of a room in their house, preferring to move in with some flatmates.
P.S. Johnson (Shinwell Johnson) is a character from the original story. Very minor, he introduces Holmes to Kitty, knows a fair bit about Gruner.
“Hello Sally,” Molly said. She crawled onto the bed, taking Sally in her arms. “Your little one likes to be early, does he?”
“We haven’t received a letter in a while,” Watson said slowly, worried. The Inspector had been forced to retire due to poor health, and had gone off to Scotland to live with his daughter.
“Molly, there you are!” the giant stood in the courtyard, with five white horses standing around him. “I was looking for you and I couldn’t find you, but I found these lovely horses and I thought they could help us escape. I thought there were five of them and five of us, once we found the Princess. Hello, Princess.”
Sherlock paced the halls of the castle. The library couldn’t hold his interest for long, but Jamiarty had suggested he stay inside. “I don’t want anyone else to take you, darling,” he said.
Sherlock leaned in and kissed him again, slow and sweet. John leaned against the wall, trying to stay upright.
Kitty was indeed in labour, face rigid with pain. Stan held Kitty’s hand tight while Sherlock dialled Molly and Mike. John settled her comfortably on their bed and starting preparing for a home delivery.
Sherlock watched as Molly entered Gruner's house as Mrs. Ford, a secret manga enthusiast. He was desperately worried for her, but he knew that Molly could hold her own. She'd always been very capable of making people underestimate her.
"I don't know, honestly," Greg admitted, willing his blush to die down. "It's not as though we've been dating in secret or something--we've been friends for ages, way back when I was still married to Dolores. I dunno...something just changed. I suppose our official first date was about a week after your wedding."
Sherlock didn't let him, and pinned him against the wall instead to kiss him more thoroughly than he had at the party. John moaned into the kiss, tightening his free hand into Sherlock's hair.
But then the man lit a torch, and it shone on two faces that were familiar in a dreamy way; a childhood memory blurred with time.
“I didn’t see much point.” Sherlock said. “Either Jamiarty would bring me back to our marriage, or they would kill me. I wasn’t quite sure which would be worse.”
What happened next was an absolute roar of human voices, yelling and screaming, and it was coming from the Castle.
Sherlock stretched, looking for his clothes. “I think we should go over land,” he suggested. “London is still connected, after all. We just have to cross the bridge. ”
The question disturbed him more than he cared to admit, and he was positively curt with the Inspector when he came in, eyes nervous.
“Well…” Watson said slowly. “We can hold dinner for a while. Are you two at all fond of Midsomer Murders?”
“Come off it. Sherlock would have proposed to John years ago, never mind if their marriage was legal. That would have been more fun for him. But it would have bothered John, and he knew it. So he could have been persuaded to wait…especially if a certain high-up in the government told him it was being worked on.”
I am proud of Kitty, but I am also proud of Stan. Confessing love is never easy, and loving someone with a difficult past is not easy, but if you can give someone the gift of a happy future, the effort is worth it. I am sure they will both know this soon.
John whirled and kissed Sherlock furiously. “No, you complete and utter idiot. Have I got to prove it to you?”
David laughed. "Oh, I am glad this is working out. It was my idea, you see, to have the four of you in the same place. I think we got the details right, is there anything else you want?"
“Need isn’t always the same as want, Molly. Is there anything you want?” Ireni’s eyes were serious. “I do want to give you something, you know. And we are going into battle tonight.”
Now Greg wasn't a morose person by any means, and he was certainly friends with Sherlock and John, so it made sense that he'd be pleased. Still, there was something a bit...odd about it. If his subordinates were pressed to describe his attitude towards the newlyweds, the cleverer ones would use the term 'lovingly exasperated'. He certainly wouldn't be playing Vivaldi (quietly, of course, but with his office door cracked you could just hear it) just because they were coming home.
He had to tear the phone away from his ear a second later as John burst out roaring with laughter. Greg glared at his phone, his cheeks turning bright red. "It's not bloody funny!"
Greg noticed him watching. "I suppose your husband can remember first names upon meeting someone after all," he grumbled.
So Riley would continue to control herself. She would (and could) keep calm and fulfill her mission with Moran.
Grezzik watched in amazement as its wings shrank into its body…as its beak changed to a mouth…as its feathers became a red dress…
Prince Jamiarty was crowned king within three hours of his father’s last breath, and the promised beautiful wedding became a quiet ceremony in the chapel with only Jamiarty’s mother; even Mycroft couldn’t make it in time.
“I meant no offence,” I said hastily. “I know that you are more than capable…but things might be easier if you had a story to go with your name.”
This one's actually a bit personal; it was on a similar kind of visit to my aunt's cottage that I discovered she was with a woman I thought was her friend (the amount of people didn't match the number of beds). Their wedding anniversary is coming up, so this one's for them.
Sherlock pulled  away abruptly, fumbling in his coat pocket. He pulled out a small black box and held it out to John, who took it with shaking hands.
Greg laughed. “You might need a moment to recover there, mate.” He smiled up at his Mycroft. “It certainly was a surprise for us. We didn’t get together until after those two got married.”
“Comforting,” the man in black said as he wedged himself against the wall once more. “But I think you’re going to have to wait.”
Sherlock's mind raced. Old music, manuscripts in pieces he'd examined at university, the films he and John had never had the time to watch...
Kitty buried her face in her hands. They would have to do this alone; Wiggins was swamped in London with Stan down here, and the few other Irregulars who knew about Holmes and Watson were all busy with their children. Kitty's heart ached; before last year, Mrs. Hudson would have been an option, but the kind old lady had died last spring. Mycroft Holmes was also in the graveyard, not far from Watson's wife, as per his dying request. Kitty knew what he was trying to accomplish, but she didn't want to think about those preparations, about trying to decide where anyone else was buried.
“Oh, I very much do.” Holmes crossed his arms. “You are worthy of being rewarded for your deeds, past and present, and you would give the reward the proper dignity, having fought for your country on many battlefields. No, Watson, until you are offered the same compensation for your actions I will not accept.”
Sherlock couldn’t watch for long, but he kept sneaking looks at the man. He was getting closer now, and Sherlock could see that he wore a mask across the top half of his face.
“I just don’t want you to die embarrassed,” Grezzik soothed him. He made a grab for the man in black, but he jumped away.
Grezzik sat the unconscious man upright and opened his mouth. Stam was pacing nervously, glancing at John every couple of seconds.
Hopkins and Holmes were sitting at the table, Hopkins white as chalk, Holmes' shoulders tense. They both looked up as he entered.
The man in black hurried to undo first the gag, then the blindfold. The Princess stared at him with wide eyes. “You’re immune.”
John remembered now; Sherlock calling him in an utter panic at Harry’s, saying that he’d just stitched up a dream. “He’s alright then?” he asked.
“And really,” Lestrade continued. “That was all I needed to know. Of course, you have both changed since then. John’s not so grouchy anymore, has lost the cane and is no longer a stranger—though you are still quite short mate, no offense.” (John shook his fist at Lestrade but he was smiling). “And Sherlock’s gone from some imperious, insane know-it-all to one of my best friends, who happens to be an imperious, insane know-it-all.”
John stared at Sherlock. “You weren't going to tell me, were you?” he whispered. “Before we were together you were going to—to leave me? Let me think you were dead by suicide?” Sherlock didn't reply and John got to his feet. “Fuck this. Fuck you both. How could you ever think—?”
“Wildly exciting.” A gray haired Mycroft stepped carefully out, still dignified but more relaxed since his own retirement. “I believe I have performed the required amount of trips now.”
Thankfully, Sherlock understood. He’d guessed, somewhere along the way, and he left Mycroft alone beside the coffin just long enough for Mycroft to slip the unsent letter in beside Lestrade’s remains. What a terrible word, that. Remains.
This time, John was alright with following orders. Sherlock looked half-dead on his feet, and they both needed some quiet.
The next few minutes had so many people talking Molly slipped out of the carriage. She would do her part when the time came, and there was no point in her volunteering ideas. That was never her strong suit.
But it was selfish,  and they both knew it. They still had their children, still had sometimes-Rachel-sometimes-Billy-Jo, all of the Hooper brood, the new friends they'd made...to wish that they would suffer a double loss was cruel, wasn't it?
John smiled and shook his hand. "John Watson," he replied. "Pleasure to meet you. Now, Blackwater..."
It was a reasonable question. The conflict between Florin and Guilder had been going on at different levels for centuries. Open war was a thing of the past, and Janine admitted that her parents were tired of the fight, but justifying a war against Guilder would be easy for Jamiarty to slide under the rug.
“Thank you.” Sherlock stood. “We will protect them all,” he added. “But Cerise deserves the justice of knowing her daughter’s fate first.”
When Kitty received an email—written months before, programmed to be sent only if no one was there to stop it—she knew.
“As the stars,” Ireni promised. She winked at Waverly, who giggled. She had a guess what they would do last night, and while it was safe, it would certainly make plenty of noise.
Should he have seen that coming? Billy thought about it. He was, after all, being trained by both his Mum and Grandfather Sherlock to be observant. But if everyone was trying to keep it secret…and he hadn’t known men could be in love with each other. Billy decided he could be forgiven missing that.
The Queen joined her husband. “You did have a child, then? How lovely.” A strange look crossed her face. “Not Jamiarty, I imagine.”
P.S. If anyone wants to brush up on the original story, it's "The Adventure of The Illustrious Client," though it'll be a bit different. Certain elements will absolutely be kept. One in particular. I'll leave it up to you to guess which :)
Even still, he nearly jumped out of his skin when John opened his eyes, looked rapidly at both of them, and began to shout.
He’d tried wriggling out of his chains as he regained strength, but it was hopeless. They were far too thick, bolted into the metal walls. He’d tried shouting, but no one came. The only response had been a roar of a lion and the high shriek of some nightmarish bird.
Finally they arrived. It was just before sunset, and the lad who met them at the station with a carriage told them that a cold supper was laid for them at their table. Watson couldn’t help but smile.
Next chapter, we'll be checking back in with the people getting nearer the Castle. I wonder what they'll find?
