“I love you,” Steve told Tony, not breaking eye contact with him once.
Steve studied him intently. “And for me?”
Tony grinned, his mind already on a fast track to the endless possibilities that’d come with having their own space. Staying over at Steve’s, with Bucky’s bedroom just across the hallway, had been… well, not so pleasant for all parties involved.
Tony rolled his eyes. Eventually, he’d get the guy to call him by his first name.
“Tony?”
“Tony!” Steve yelled with alarm, but before he could do something, Wanda had already let go of him, and Tony fell to the ground, seeing stars.
“Very lucky,” Tony agreed softly. He let one hand slide over Steve’s shirt, gently putting it right above his heart. The beat still a tad too fast, but strong and very steady. “Better now?” he asked, rubbing his fingers over Steve’s shoulders and his neck, stroking a line down the center of his chest.
As it was, the battle against Loki and the Chitauri lasted only a day, and yet it took every bit of strength from Steve. Loki had tasted dirt when the Hulk had smashed him into the ground. The egomaniac hadn’t expected how well the Avengers would work together, and he certainly hadn’t expected Hulk to storm into the penthouse and take him out for good. No, he’d obviously thought he pretty much had all the time in the world. Time to hold speeches, make a flashy entry, but at the end of the day, he’d lost the battle.
I will probably add a few one shots to this verse in the meantime, maybe even a short story that's post-Civil War. But for now, I hope very much that you enjoyed it! Thanks for your comments <3
“Stubborn.”
There was a humming sound, then Clint picked Lila up, a small squeal filling the air, as he held her with her upper body all but slung over his shoulder. “How about we go upstairs and you tell me all about Tasha’s wedding, guest list, cake choice, music, flower arrangement, don’t leave any detail out.”
“Hey—hey, wait,” Tony called after him and he stumbled a little in his attempt to reach for Steve’s arm. The guy really was fast when he wanted to be. He was barely able to reach for his wrist before Steve had walked through the door.
—when Tony clenched down on him like a vice and came.
Steve hummed then sucked at the tender spot behind Tony’s ear as one of his hands roamed lower, reacquainting itself with his belly, and still lower, reaching down to rub his length.
“H-how did my l-life turn into a B-brokeback M-mountain revival?” he asked as Steve wrapped his arms around him, pressing against him until they were touching from shoulder to feet. Tony wrapped himself around Steve, too. His hands were cold as ice, and Steve shivered and had to stop himself from pushing those hands over every part of himself until Tony was warm again.
Tony moved before it was too late. Leaning past Steve to grab his other hand, snatching the wedding ring away from him. Steve tried to get it back; but Tony held it out of reach.
Tony scoffed. It seemed he wanted to reach for something—a weapon, maybe—and only then realized that he didn’t have anything with him.
Many thanks to:
“Who the hell is that guy?”
Steve bit his lower lip, and Tony sighed. “Eat with me, Steve,” he said softly. “I’m sure we can fix this.”
Tony was playing dirty, but Steve didn't mind it at all. The look of him, stretching and presenting himself like a prize was making Steve's cock stir with interest.
Tony grinned, and closed his eyes briefly to see if he could access Extremis again. And he could—there was no pain whatsoever. Extremis had settled inside him like some long-lost lover. “Only in the good ways.”
He reached out, and rested his hand on Tony’s shoulder, just for a moment, before sliding it forward. Tony closed his eyes and savored the sensation of Steve’s palm sliding against his. But then Steve pulled it away, and lightly—God, so lightly he could barely feel it—he traced a finger back and forth along Tony’s collarbone.
,” he waved a hand at himself, and Steve had no idea what that supposed to mean, “and
“Sergeant Barnes is world-famous,” Maria said. “They’ll make the connection and you know it.”
Steve snorted and leaned up a bit to smile down at Tony. “Not gonna hurry. Not after so long.”
Steve nodded, keeping his eyes on him. Then he was there—Tony could see it in the flutter of his eyelids, the opening of his mouth. Tony gritted his teeth and closed his eyes, and felt Steve resting his face against Tony’s neck as he shuddered inside him.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Tony commented, brushing a finger along Steve’s spine and smiling when he felt him shiver. “You eat more than a pack of hungry wolves per day. That much food wouldn’t go unnoticed.”
Wilson was still looking at them expectantly, so Tony cleared his throat, straightening up a bit. There was no way he’d walk into that room, looking as he did now, without everyone knowing exactly what they’d been up to, so he might as well use that resilience as a direct counterpoint. He ignored the slightly wobbly feeling in his knees and set himself in motion. With a snarky, rebellious smirk, he took that first step towards the exit and cast Steve a pointed look over his shoulder. “You heard the man,
“Any time,” he replied.
“Breathe. Relax,” Tony ordered. He eased his fingers back and in again, smoothed his free hand out over the inside of Steve’s thighs, spreading him wider.
After yet another morning full of boardroom meetings at the UN, Tony stood in some secluded and far too colorful ‘parent-child room’ that seemed to be in use only by himself these days. It was noon, and he’d just had his last meeting for the day, and could very well be on his way home, if Ian hadn’t decided to make a big fuss before Tony could put him into his stroller.
Tony pulled out the chair for Steve and waited patiently until he sat down. Then, he took the seat across from him and leaned back. “Cream or sugar?”
,” he added. He used the towel to rub the oil off his feet and came to a stand. “I see you brought in strays again,” he added quietly, his eyes set on the Maximoff twins. “Didn’t we say Barnes was the last one? I’m pretty sure we’re out of rooms.”
When there were hands on Tony’s shoulder about two seconds later, he startled a bit, only relaxing when he noticed the red nail polish. “You gonna gloat now?” he asked after a moment.
“Love you,” Tony agreed breathlessly, pressing himself against the pillow and arching into Steve’s chest with a loud moan. “Ohh fuck…”
“They were having sex,” Natasha said with a shrug, eyes dropping to examine an article in her magazine. “It’s pretty obvious.”
Tony picked up the little bottle of lube he’d left on the bedsheets and thumbed open the cap. He coated his forefinger with it and leaned in further. “Might feel weird at first,” he warned, keeping his tone neutral as he pressed the fingertip against Steve’s rim without further waiting. He circled around the opening for a moment, keeping his eyes on Steve’s face all the while. His mind was on record, memorizing every expression he made, every gasp he gave him. And Steve gave so much without even trying.
* * *
Steve shook his head. “No,” he said softly. “I can’t.”
It didn’t look as if he wanted to bring them in peacefully.
“Fine, you can sleep on the couch,” he muttered, as he put Tony’s feet on the couch, then walked to his bedroom to fetch a blanket.
Steve dragged a hand over his face. “That makes two of us. Believe me, I was just as surprised as you are.”
And all that was left… all he was… was an empty, hollow shell, going through the motions, not really caring about anything anymore.
“Maybe it’ll be different in my time. I know time travel has its consequences. Maybe me coming here is going to change things.”
. Go kick some HYDRA ass.” With that, he leaned back and, on a second thought, grabbed for one of the black markers on the desk. He opened the cap with his teeth, then crossed the ‘EXO-7’ on Sam’s right wing, writing an EXO-8 next to it. “Next generation model,” he explained, clicking the pen shut.
“Steve—”
Tony announced, then—more urgent,
"No luck finding the twink?"
Thank Dad for small mercies.
“Tony,” Steve warned as he saw the tight expression in Tony’s face. “It’s just sparring. Cool down a bit.”
a grand gesture, okay? Grand gesture, grand fucking bunny. Not my fault you’re all not broad-minded enough to grasp the deeper meaning behind it. See if I get you anything more original than your standard fragrance for our anniversaries, now,
“You know…” Clint started, clearing his throat. “I lied to Laura a lot, in the beginning. Figured she didn’t need to know all the nasty details of the job. Made her hella angry. Took us a long time to figure out how to be honest with each other.”
That gave Tony an idea. “Prove it.”
"Thanks," he said shortly, shoving back in, and starting up a quick, hard pace. He angled his inwards strokes just right to drive Tony crazy, and leaned over him to accentuate his dressed condition. If Tony was so keen on doing this with Steve still clothed, he might as well feel it.
“He’s in full Cap mode,” Natasha mused, and surprised Bucky with a kiss to his cheek. Then, she was about to open the door so they would make their presence known. Bucky stopped her with a touch on her arm, because—dammit, he knew he was being a coward about this, but they all seemed so
It was then that he noticed a shadow in the doorway. Tony stopped the tune, and looked over his shoulder, and even though he knew, he still wasn’t prepared for the sight in front of him.
Bucky tried to whirl around, break out of Steve’s grasp around his body, when a muffled moan from the bed caught his attention. Natasha was shaking in her sleep, her limbs twitching and one hand clutching at her arm, and—oh God. There were raising welts on her exposed skin, and in some spots dribbles of blood.
J.A.R.V.I.S. (chat_server:46954) pending
Steve figured there could be worse fates than being grounded at Avengers Tower. There was plenty of space, and with all of them around—Natasha especially—Bucky didn’t seem too bothered—at least on the good days. On the bad ones, though, Steve often caught him sitting on the tower’s roof, staring out onto the city. When asked, Bucky would say that he only admired the view and didn’t actually feel sad about his restrictions—still adamant on how he deserved all of this and worse—but Steve could see it in his eyes. The longing to explore, and more than that: to step out and make those decades of mind-control and imprisonment behind him count. To make amends. To help.
There was deep concern etched on Natasha’s features. “Phil doesn’t know where he is. Nor does Sharon,” she told Steve. “I told them to call you if they have any news.”
It was almost cute to how much Barnes depended on Natasha already. He’d watched the two of them interact, had watched the progress Barnes had made with her at his side. But Tony had a feeling it was better not to call him up on it. “She was the third one after me and Steve, yes.”
He’d sent out a message a good half hour ago, announcing his arrival, but there had been no reply. Even when he’d breached Wakanda’s borders, no one had so much as blinked an eye.
Tony had a feeling that ‘well done’ wasn’t exactly what was going through Obi’s mind, but tonight, he decided not to think about that too much. After Tony had basically shut down weapon’s production the day he’d taken over as CEO, his relationship with Obi had turned… well, a freezing iciness of Antarctic proportions probably summed it up just fine. Whenever Obi had been involved in one of Tony’s project, they’d butt heads over it so bad they wouldn’t talk for weeks. It had taken Tony a good long while to finally man up and go through with firing him, but he didn’t regret it. Obi had gotten an obscene amount of money for leaving the company without causing too much public stirrup. He’d accepted, hadn’t even thrown a fit as Tony had expected him to do, and they’d parted ways.
Tony froze, quivering with the weight of the coffee pot in his hand. His eyes went wide. “Oh my God.”
The second their lips touched, the walls around Steve collapsed and he felt. He
Steve frowned and looked back up at Tony. A simple agreement was… unexpected.
For the past two years, he and Steve had worked together side by side, solving one case after the other. And yet, Steve had never believed him when Tony had told him about his true identity. That he was, in fact, not just ‘Lucifer Morningstar’, but the actual ruler of Hell.
“You realize we’ve been rescheduling for about two months now, right?” Tony asked with a tired smile. He put a hand on Steve’s cheek, brushing his thumb along the side. At least in moments like this, Tony was one-hundred percent here, looking at Steve with his beautiful browns, all of his concentration turned on him and nothing else. “I mean… I’m in no hurry. This is a huge step and when I said I would love to take it with you, I didn’t mean to set a deadline. If it happens in a week, or in ten years, it’s all fine with me. I just need to be sure I’m not forcing you into anything…”
The attacker was Bucky.
Tony sighed. He was already making things difficult, wasn’t he?
“Ma’am, I…”
Below them, the city was exploding into chaos, aliens attacking through all its streets and buildings. Heroes, SHIELD agents, even the US Army and the goddamn NYPD were fighting them off as good as they could, but it was all no use if Thanos couldn’t be stopped within the next few minutes.
Steve frowned, following them slowly. Only then, Clint’s words had registered with him. Laura wasn’t Clint’s new girlfriend, but very much his wife he’d been married to for nearly a decade.
Amazingly, Natasha's neutral mask fell at that, and she turned on Clint with a fiercely protective expression. “He could hear us. How could you say something like that?”
“I’m sorry to interrupt,” a cold, confused sounding voice ushered. “I was asleep. Or… I was a dream?”
Alright, his future self had given him a mission. An easy enough mission, from the sound of it. Retrieve a highly experimental time machine from some dark looming castle in the middle of nowhere, without the owner of said dark looming castle noticing, and switch both Steves back.
And just like that, the fog in Steve’s mind lifted. Every look they’d shared, every friendly touch, every time they’d breathed the same air was on replay. Their friendship—it had always been intense. They’d never been able to just fall into it, instead they’d always kept each other on their toes, never sure where they stood exactly. Never sure what it was that they wanted from the other.
shouldn't have come in here? That's what you've got for me?"
“I would never think something that,” Steve snapped and masked his hurt behind steely eyes. “Don’t put words into my mouth, I’m not a homophobe. But, you know, I’m beginning to think you are.”
Silence fell in the house, and Steve stayed at the door for a long moment, cursing his own goddamn morality, and his tendency to put his foot in his mouth. He straightened then, rolling back his shoulders. He'd have to find Tony later today at the lab and hash it out, that was all.
After class, Steve retreated to the art studio. It was his place to find peace of mind.
“That look’s all you, Stevie,” Bucky decided on, grinning.
Last night, he had dreamed of Tony again. Just a normal dream, and how Steve could’ve ever believed that their shared dreams had been anything but real was beyond him now.
Steve breathed in, holding it, then unwound his arm from Vision’s hold. This was hitting too close to home. “I gotta go.”
, his mind supplied bitterly, but a person who was legally responsible for Tony's well-being until he was of age. The guy kept gushing over how much he'd been helping Tony all over the news. Steve had recognized him instantly and felt cold fury coil in his chest whenever he thought about that smug face.
“How can I help?” He brushed his nose further along the line of Tony’s jawline, pressing soft kisses on the skin wherever he could.
“Just six or seven? I’m clearly lagging.”
“They should’ve crossed the border by now,” Natasha replied. “They’re heading for Leipzig Airport.”
“Thank you,” Steve said, smiling at him.
He turned to Bucky, but it was clear that he was as much in the dark as Steve was. Reaching into his shield and gripping the leather straps, Steve placed it on the holder on his back. “We should head outside. Nat and Clint are sweeping the city, we need to be ready.”
“I’m good,” Tony said, once he saw what was likely a great deal of desperation on Steve’s face. “Come on—on to the main act.”
“That’s a good thing,” Steve said, chuckling. “You’re going to be all domestic.”
“James Barnes stays,” Steve said. Something in either his tone or his expression now seemed to give his emotions away and Ross flinched. “He’s officially a member of this team. So it’s his business just as much as it is ours.”
God, he missed Bucky fiercely.
All right. No morning sex, then.
Steve remembered it well. He’d been six, merely a small, sickly boy, but he remembered standing in front of the Empire State Building for the first time and feeling thoroughly insignificant. Standing there, knowing that something so great existed somewhere in the world. Something so… meaningful.
Steve made a grimace, obviously still busy with killing Tiberius in his mind. Tony would lie if he said he didn’t find it completely awesome.
But this,
A very still, very cold note rang through the room—then they all moved at once. They took a few steps forward, before Thor raised a hand to stop all movements again. “
[J.A.R.V.I.S.] [chat_server:46954]
“What time is it?” Steve mumbled as he was roused from sleep. He had a feeling it was only a few hours before dawn. And yet, Tony stood next to the bed, loosening his tie.
The streets of Lagos were still busy around them, with people everywhere. Rumlow had, intentionally or not, chosen a time for his attack when people were just getting off work and some were just starting. It had taken over two hours of supervising the area before they’d realized what was about to happen. The rest of the team was scattered all over the city. Wanda and Pietro had done well, so far, with Pietro hunting down most of Rumlow’s goons on his own.
“And you’re drunk.”
She always did this, shielding her emotions when they threatened to show too much. He never berated her, knowing far too well that some habits were hard to let go of. And while it didn’t happen often, there were those moments when Natasha let him see all of her, and that was enough.
Steve inserted two fingers, thrusting them into him twice, before pulling out again, and all Tony could do was close his eyes and drop his head forward. How was it that Steve was so calm and he was such a wreck already? He’d had lots of sex with lots of different people, in ways that were definitely on the kinky side, but this was stripping him of every last grain of self-control.
“Appy!” Ian squealed, when Steve cautiously bounced him upwards, so he was floating in the air for half a second.
“All right,” Steve affirmed, lingering. “Anything else?”
The heady look in Tony's eyes was intoxicating. Steve's breathing was becoming ragged and heavy just seeing the way he looked at him. Clothes came off faster than Steve thought possible, and though he was a little remorseful at the lost chance to undress Tony, the feeling soon made way for things much more pleasant than that, like the sight of him, aroused.
He was so immersed in the music that was far too happy for what he felt, that he didn’t hear the soft steps behind him. Only when Ian squealed and asked “Baba, up-py?”, Tony’s fingers slipped.
read the whole thing in one go now and gave me a few great pointers, and generally improved it a whole lot, so I think it's actually finished (Yay!). I will post every Sunday and maybe 1-2 times in between
A part of him had known Fury would take this route, of course. He’d seen it in his face after New York as well as anyone. Whatever time, whatever place, faced with uncontrollable forces, humanity always tried to surround themselves with things they could control.
Tony stopped pacing again. “Risk’s too high. Ross isn’t stupid, and he’s monitoring my every move. The only way he’d believe we actually failed to arrest the others will be when we’re down for the count. If they miraculously fall off the radar now, they will cut me off, too. It’d be the end of the Avengers.” Tony’s voice softened and caught on a hitched breath. “Or is that what you want?”
He would just make the time.
“Stop,” Tony groaned after another beat, stilling against Steve’s fingers. He gazed down at him, at his face first, then down his body. “Fuck me,” he breathed, once his eyes had settled on Steve’s cock. “Please. I can’t wait any longer.”
Or that’s what Tony told himself, because the truth was—despite the fact that he’d called Steve, asking him to come back to New York, he had absolutely no idea what to say to him.
“What if we can’t stop it,” Thor asked.
He let the words linger in the air, smiling at Steve. Once he’d walked to the other side of the room, Stane opened the armoire and cautiously reached for a black satin dress. “This for example… it was a gift from Tony. He always bought her the most expensive things, you know? Not just for their anniversaries, the whole year around.”
"You look like you've seen a ghost, Stevie."
“Somehow, I’d hoped after today things were looking up,” Steve said, then sighed. Tony had gotten notice of an unauthorized landing at a smaller airport near Vienna, just an hour before the bombing. And he had no idea what Tony was thinking now. “You don’t actually believe he did this, right?”
“Okay?” Steve asked, staring down at him as he tried to get used to the tightness and the sheer heat around him.
Now it was Tony’s turn to roll his eyes, and Steve had trouble believing his own when he saw him blushing ever so slightly.
Surprise update! I figured it'd be cruel to keep you guys waiting for so long.
Every time Barnes rejected Steve’s presence, Steve would get this haunted look, and Tony didn’t know how to help him. It frightened him, seeing Steve come unglued like that, and although he didn’t break down, Tony could sense he wasn’t far from it.
In a swift movement, Steve pulled off his goggles as well, and looked at him like he was the second-coming. “I love you, too,” he said, and moved forward to press as kiss against his lips.
to. Actually, what he wanted to do was to put Ian down in one of the sterile-looking cribs and let him cry himself out. The sound of his wails was slowly but steadily driving him crazy.
He grinned and reached for one of Tony’s hands. As always, Steve’s skin tingled when their fingers entwined. And again, he wondered how silly he was, for his heart to flutter like a teenager, when in truth, much more than Tony’s hands had touched him. When he knew what it felt like to take him inside. And yet, the heat on his cheeks refused to fade.
“I don’t know what my name has to do with anything.”
“For what?”
“Hush,” Maria chided, and unexpectedly, she was the first to stand and walk up to Tony. She leaned down a bit, smiling as brightly as Steve had ever seen her do as she regarded the newest addition to the Avengers’ household.
He wanted to write more, but reminded himself that this was very much not his tower, and he had no idea how many cameras and microphones were stuffed in this room alone. It wasn’t safe enough.
Tony snorted. He pulled out his phone, putting down a quick note for FRIDAY to check whether or not Peter’s hot aunt could afford the college funds, and to help out if she couldn’t. “Trust me,” he told Peter, “I did a lot of things to shape that image. And I never really managed to stick my foot in my mouth when it was needed.”
“I don’t understand how they could do this to him.”
Tony shook his head, shrugging. “Nope. But he had it coming.”
“What is it?” Steve asked, stepping up next to him.
Tony rolled his eyes, but leaned in to press a soft kiss against Steve’s lips.
When Tony shifted beneath him, Steve pushed himself up on his elbows, trying to move away.
— Vincent Van Gogh
Tony frowned, looking down at himself as if chiding himself for getting an erection now. He stepped a bit closer to Steve, either to hide or rub it more firmly against Steve, it was hard to decide. “It’s still early,” Tony said. “And it’s your big night.”
“Thanks.”
Tony turned around, staring at Steve wildly. “You won’t be facing consequences. Do you think I want you imprisoned?” He rubbed a hand over his face. “Where are you staying, anyway?”
“After New York, I convinced the World Security Council that we need a quantum surge on threat analysis. For once we’re way ahead of the curve.”
Steve’s feet met the floor. Slowly, he unlatched the lock of the door and pushed it open.
That broadened Tony’s smile. “It’s a prototype for a… well, an alternative power source. My father used to work on it before he died. It’s not working, though, and it’s not something I can use for my company, anyway.”
been doing?”
“Wonderful,” Tony commented, accepting the papers back, as Barnes shoved them through the lid. “Welcome to the weirdest boy band on earth.”
“Don’t get teary eyed on me,” Tony said quietly and Steve looked up and blinked. He realized his eyes had in fact gone a little misty. “It’s in the past,” Tony added and walked right through the holograph, making it vanish.
He’d never cared much about his own future, too busy shaping the whole world’s instead. But now, here, with a future version of Steve standing right in front of him… he couldn’t help but wonder.
Tony barely noticed. His chest heaved, sweat stung his eyes, and Steve was in front of him. And then everything stopped.
Steve glanced at him, and
A smile rose to Tony’s lips then, as he ran his fingers along Steve’s chest. He could feel love settle within every nerve of his body, as though he and Steve lived under the same skin. As though a broken part of him was finally righted, and Steve had all along been the one person who could make him whole.
“I would’ve told you,” Steve said immediately. “I
“Right,” Natasha said, then added with a mischievous grin: “But Phil hasn’t seen Vision eat yet, that’s something to look forward to.”
He glanced down to try and glimpse at Tony's sleeping face, but at this angle it was a little difficult. So he resolved to just enjoy all the little things he could notice in this situation, like the way Tony's even breaths tickled his chest, and how their legs were tangled, Tony's weight pressing lightly against him, and the scratchy feel of his beard against Steve's skin.
Tony looked at him in confusion, at the room, then he seemed to understand. He shook his head, and looked around. “No it’s not, it’s…” His eyes swept over the walls, the windows, and the bed. “Oh fuck, it is.”
Tony’s small smile had lasted only a second, but it was definitely there. “Yeah, I know.” He squeezed Steve’s hand firmly, his voice suddenly gruff with emotion. “Love you just as much. And we’ll find a way.”
that was how it went.
Sam and Rhodey still looked like they wanted to scratch each other’s eyes out over who had the most medals and whatnot, and Tony could barely ignore the headache forming behind his eyelids.
Steve ducked his head, not knowing what to say to that. He hadn’t seen Tony smile a lot lately, to be honest. “I’m not sure I have any part in it.”
Never in his life had Tony felt like a hero.
“We can’t undo what’s been done. We
“So…” Tony prompted slowly. “While my behavior last night is still inexcusable… you don’t… hate me for it.”
Bucky was sitting on the floor in the far end of the room, a good dozen meters away. His face was buried in both of his hands, his knees drawn tight to his chest. His whole body was shaking heavily. Rhodes and Bruce were nowhere to be seen, which wasn’t unusual—Natasha, on the other hand, sat on the couch with a crying Ian in her lap, holding a plastic bag filled with ice against her cheek while she tried to soothe the baby.
“Things that never happened?” Tony echoed and frowned at Steve. “I don’t… no, I don’t think so. Clint gave Bruce a few examples, and he said it was mostly sequences that had some… ‘emotional value’ to him? But it was all something of his more recent past, so…” It took him a moment before the meaning behind Steve’s words truly sunk in. And with that, his behaviour of the last days was suddenly put in its proper context.
—one of Steve’s history doorstops.
Tony smiled as well, and Steve was very aware at how close they were. He’d been aware every second they’d stayed here, lying in the grass together, but now, Tony’s eyes were repeatedly flickering to Steve’s lips and suddenly, Steve’s whole body burned with the need of…
They were still trying to pinpoint what exactly HYDRA had done to Barnes’ brain. And how it would affect him, now that he’d taken that first step into remembering who he’d once been.
Howard’s visit, though, paled in comparison to Sarah’s.
“Targets acquired. STRIKE in position.”
A sly grin played with her lips. “Very much. Now, come on.”
Natasha was still on her back next to him and she started to move, too quickly before he could grab her wrist. In the next instant, she was on her feet, but Bucky had followed her and managed to twist her hands behind her back, her chest against a wall.
“Less weird than I thought it’d be,” Tony added.
“Back at you,” Steve murmured. He tried moving his legs somewhat, and it was futile—he’d never felt so completely worn out since he’d been injected with the serum. He glanced sideways. “Thank you.”
All that hastiness and goodbyes. The constant not-knowing. And the want.
“Right,” Tony agreed with a pensive look. “
…and Tony could keep pretending he wasn’t falling apart without him.
Barnes pushed the knife deep into Tony’s body, then twisted it until the handle snapped off, leaving the blade stuck in Tony’s body. The pain both knocked the metaphoric wind out of Tony and rendered him momentarily dazed, and therefore defenseless against Barnes’ attempts to rip off more parts of the armor. He had to give the assassin kudos—he really fucking knew how to make it hurt. This was pain in a category all on its own; pain he hadn’t felt since Maya Hansen had injected his body with Extremis. Pain that rocketed through every corner of his body.
However, when he looked up to meet Tony’s gaze, he didn’t see the lust-addled expression he’d hoped to find there. Instead Tony frowned at him, suddenly unsure.
Which left him here, scared shitless that Parker or one of the others would, for some reason, not make it out of here. And that it’d be on him.
“Vision. Glad you’re here.”
“That look. Stop with the look. I know that look, so stop what you’re thinking. Do you really think I would’ve invited you in if I didn’t think we could make this work?”
“You don’t need lottery numbers,” Steve said, rolling his eyes. “You’re on the Avengers’ payroll.”
It would make Steve happy. That was all that mattered. The fact that he was currently so tired he couldn’t see or think straight was immaterial.
His voice sounded almost easy-going, but Steve could feel the way Tony’s fingers impatiently drummed against the steering wheel, and how his mouth twitched with whatever horror-scenario was currently running through his head. If he had to guess he’d say Tony was trying to reactivate Extremis by sheer force of will just so he could log into a camera at Stark Tower to see for himself if Ian was alright.
Bruce turned around in his swivel chair, casting Sam a comically serious look. “Keeping things in working order.”
“You’re not happy right now, are you?” Carefully, he picked the baby up and held it against his shoulder, patting its shaking back. “And if you’re not happy… nobody’s happy. Isn’t that right, little squid?”
Not seeing each other … it made things easier.
At this time of day, late at night and shortly after a mission, the entire team was gathered in the main common room of the facility. Everyone had something to say about the things that transpired, and Natasha was surveying everyone coolly from where she was reclined against the sofa. Steve was watching her as he listened to Sam talking about needing a little more heads up than 'I've just jumped out a window, need pick up'.
Bruce sighed. “Look, I wish I could help you, but this isn’t exactly my field of expertise, and if I’m honest, I’m still having trouble working with your programming language. Does it… I don’t know… get enough power?”
“Look at me,” Steve whispered, and smiled at him. “I love you, you hear me?”
Were Wanda and Strange still part of the team? What about Vision and Bruce? They were the ones he needed.
“Who's coming over, anyway?” Tony asked idly. They were usually alone in here. Sometimes, the science freshmen came in for a first tour, but otherwise, Bruce’s private lab was very much that—private. And Tony appreciated it. In here, no one commented on him staying too long in the nights, or coming in too late in the mornings… or his occasional drunk-tinkering (aside from Bruce himself, but his scolding had long ago lost its heat).
“Nat!”
Steve had always been too stubborn for his own good. And as long as Tony didn’t tell him to leave—he wouldn’t.
"Hey," Steve said after a moment of silence had passed between them. He reached up to cup Tony's face in his palm, and turned to look at him. "We got our second chance, didn't we?"
"You're right," he said, looking at Tony's face, meeting his eyes. "There must be something wrong with me." Tony opened his mouth at that, looking about ready to yell at him, but Steve held up his hand to stop him. "I've been thinking about the first time I met DUM-E… The way you kissed me. And how I reacted…" He paused, lowering his gaze once more. Clearing his throat, he scratched the side of his head. This had been far easier in theory than in practice. "The thing is, I was angry with myself for leading you on, even though I knew I hadn't actually given you any hints that I was interested…"
Steve sighed and closed his eyes, leaning his head back against the wall of the elevator. The irony of it all was that he had known this would happen. They were living in a veiled world and just like the rest, Steve did nothing to break free. Working for SHIELD meant that a need-to-know basis had to be enough, and somewhere along the way, this force had manifested within him—and he’d become nothing but a shell of the man who’d come to Washington three months ago.
“How is it complicated?”
Steve jerked back all at once, eyes wide with shock, and there it was, the splitting headache. On the same motion, his hand came up to cup his forehead. "Ugh…" he groaned, unable to keep himself in check. "I'm… I'm sorry… I don't know why I did that… I just… It's…" He avoided Tony's gaze vehemently. "I'm sorry."
Steve frowned. “And Pepper…”
There was a greenish energy floating within the room, circling around Steve’s head and those next minutes were easily the most horrible ones of Tony’s entire life.
As they made their way to the graveyard a little while later, a merciless wind cut across the area. It drove the mourners into tight huddles in a futile attempt to avoid the worst of the weather. A blanket of dark clouds covered the sky, giving the impression that it was closer to sunset than it really was.
“Yes. Let’s do it,” Tony replied, and took a low breath as he reached for the handle of the machine he was standing next to. He raised his black eyes to the ceiling, going still for just a moment. Steve had never once seen him actually look at something when speaking to JARVIS, but he did now. He looked squarely at the camera and smiled. “See you on the other side, buddy.”
“I bet you could make him if you man up about it.”
Tony’s eyes were closed. All the arguments, all the conversations they’d had, all his memories of Steve—good and bad—passed through Tony’s mind in that instant. And Steve was right—somehow, none of it mattered very much, anymore.
“Nothing.”
It was odd, seeing him so bruised. It probably had been a while since Steve’d been hurt this much. Not even Tony had managed to injure him like this in Siberia… and certainly not for lack of trying.
Tony chuckled, but his expression turned serious once more only moments later. “Steve, I… I would do anything in my power to meet you, but I can’t.”
“There are alternate futures, of course,” Strange said as he sat down across from Steve, “so it’s not always possible to travel to the same one. The Time Stone, however—its power is based on
“No, God, I’m sorry—No, there should be no long-lasting damage. I’ll probably need to reboot—for the lack of a better word. Extremis wired itself into my body, so it’ll take a moment for the code to spread, take down every last trace of it and—”
“And why do you think I’d want
Ian didn’t seem to care much for the mask on Steve’s face. It didn’t trick him in the slightest, he knew exactly who that person in front of him was. He did look a little confused, though, as his hands settled on Steve’s cheeks, pinching the material.
“Good morning,” Tony whispered.
“Flatterer,” Tony said. “But what I meant was these past two hours. Have you been enjoying the ball? I heard on fairly good account that you had no lack of willing conversation partners…”
, JARVIS replied.
* * *
because he always was when it came to Tony, but resolute to trust him to say if anything was wrong. Tony was his husband, and they’d been through so much in the last couple of years. Tony might still not be able to share every single secret with Steve, but he did tell him about all things that were important. It was how they worked, and Steve trusted Tony with his whole heart.
“You have a
Happy had Ian cradled against his chest. Tony could hear his soft breaths and the little smacks of his lips.
This was one moment out of many, but it would be one to always remember.
This was his marriage, and he wouldn’t stand for it to fall apart.
Steve was terribly confused and had no idea how to react to that. He might have been giving off mixed signals, he knew that, but so had Tony.
Steve was sitting in front of his favorite easel, a canvas set in place and a brush in his hand. The page was still perfectly white and Steve was stalling, not wanting to taint it just yet. For the better part of the last hour he'd been trying to decide what method he felt like going with. Eventually, he put down the brush and reached for a pencil, giving it a considering look.
Similarly, Tony’s body tightened and his breathing stopped altogether. He swallowed and looked away. Did Steve seriously ask him this? “You know, it’s not exactly like I have an off-switch when it comes to my feelings.”
He pressed his face into Tony’s neck, breathing him in, before—ever so lightly—he started kissing his skin. He nibbled at his earlobe with his teeth, then continued kissing his way all across Tony’s throat. His hand crossed his belly and pushed the sides of his jacket away so that he could reach his belt.
Tony sighed, and nodded anyway. “Sure. Lead the way.”
Steve walked into his apartment, his step heavy and his shoulders hunched. He dropped his bag just a short way from the door and walked over to slump down in his sofa. The house was quiet, and Steve absently wondered if Bucky was out with Natasha. It was nice to know Bucky was starting to get things under control, at least. True, finding a job was still a struggle, but it looked like the dark cloud over Bucky had passed, and that renewed optimism found its place. In time, Steve hoped, things would turn out for the best for his friend.
“He listens to me, you know,” Stane continued. “He will always listen to me. All I have to do is show him that you’ll never be what he needs. He’ll drop you, I just have to say the word.”
, Tony kissed Steve whenever he could, and simply moved with him.
Soon enough, Steve’s thrusts were becoming harder, and Tony battled him in the best way possible, pushing forward every time Steve drew back—every time he teased him before slamming back home.
Tony’s head was thrown back against the pillow, his eyes closed piously.
At the end of the day, Steve was back where he had started. And while he was grateful for the opportunity Senator Brandt was giving him, serving his country by doing fund-raising shows, he knew it wasn’t all he could do.
“Thanks, Mr. Stark!”
Leaning close, he kissed Tony's cheek, and then his lips. "Wasn't worried," he said.
of people. He killed your parents, Tony. Do they not count for anything?”
“What?”
“Tony, calm down.”
“Are you going to tell me where we’re headed?”
Connected to chat_server. You can start sending messages
“Audrey?” a voice suddenly rasped, and it came from the car wreck down the slope.
It was sweet, Steve defending him. Tony smiled to himself, his thumb running circles over the back of Steve’s hand. There might’ve been a time when he wouldn’t even have bothered speaking up for himself, but he knew now that Obi had zero right to call him any names.
In the past few days, Steve felt he had grown up. He wasn’t just much stronger now than he had been half a year ago, he also understood so much about himself now that he hadn’t understood before. About who he was and who he wanted to be. About the things he wanted. Because while he and Tony had made love before, he had never initiated anything. He had always waited for Tony to show him what he wanted, so certain anything else would be rejected.
“Fuck, you’re perfect,” Tony moaned, wrapping his legs around Steve’s hips. The wet smack of their bodies rocking together echoed in Steve’s ears and served only to fuel the growing fire in his belly.
“Hey. Where’d the music go?”
"Ah yes," Stane said, reluctantly letting go of Tony in favor of shaking Steve's hand. His grip was firm, a tad too tight, Steve thought absently, as he assessed the man before him. Large, and clearly of considerable muscle mass. Some of his size could be attributed to fat, but Steve paid that no attention. They were of the same height, so neither had to look up to the other, but Steve got the feeling this irritated the man more than he was letting on with that fake smile. "You’re Tony's little surprise, was it?" Stane said, glancing to Tony with mock question taking over his features.
Now that he’d finally condemned Obadiah Stane to Hell.
. “You have incoming in ten.”
Not for the first time since Steve had parted ways with him at that Austrian hangar, Tony turned concerned eyes on Natasha and said, “I should have gone with him. I should’ve known he and Barnes would be followed. And I really should’ve known that Steve wouldn’t be raising the white flag.”
“Why did he never show me?” Steve asked and whenever he closed his eyes, Tony’s red eyes stared back at him. “He showed Bruce, didn’t he?”
“I could’ve
“Oh for God’s sake, Barnes, get over here,” Tony said. “I have to leave in about eight hours and I plan to spend most of it in a bed with my husband, so could we get it over with?”
No hesitation. Steve nodded. “Yes.”
The next thing Tony knew, Steve hauled him upwards and resituated him in his lap, pressing their chests together. He dipped his cock back inside Tony, so goddamn deep now, that an involuntary tremor rumbled through his limbs.
“Never said it was
Tony shook his head, unbothered. “Clichés are boring, don’t you think? I’m much more interesting.”
"Gladly," Tony said, looking at Steve over his shoulder. He leaned one arm against the wall, bracing himself while he scissored his fingers. The squelching noises were obscene, and their only counterpoint were Tony's steady moans and Steve's ragged breathing. All in all, it was almost a bit funny how fast he'd gone from not knowing if he wanted this sort of sex again and craving Steve's dick like he craved nothing more... but looking at him, his eyes fixed on Tony's body like he was the thing he most wanted in life... it probably didn't get much better than that.
“You’ve seen it before?” Bruce asked. He was still standing, his hands twisted in front of his chest awkwardly as if he still wasn’t wholly sure he was welcome. Which was stupid. And something he really needed to be put off of asap.
A shiver raced through Steve, and he cuddled more provocatively into Tony. “Not exactly. But I think you might like it anyway.” He ducked his head conspiratorially, murmuring against Tony’s ear, “It’s a thank you. For everything.”
Tony chuckled. At least one of them was happy. “Did you have to drag me here, or did I find my way back?”
“We only want what’s best for the team,” Sam shot back.
As it was, they had made first very provisional appointments with a few consultant agencies. They never made it there, always rescheduling because of some mission, or one of them being called away on business, but now, their next meeting was scheduled to tomorrow, and for the first time, it seemed they could actually make it.
Tony stared up at him in confusion, before he looked sideways. The Hulk had apparently just made his big entrance and thus knocked over a giant air-stair. And it had landed right where Tony had stood.
Alarmed, Steve pulled himself over the edge, but then, there were two large, green hands grabbing for his shoulders and hauling him upwards. Above him, fierce lightning illuminated the sky. It was everywhere, all-consuming and Steve had exactly a second to watch the missile speeding through the sky, before thunder hit it while it was still high up the air. The explosion shook the air, but the detonation held no danger to them here.
Not to mention Steve would never forgive himself.
Tony closed his eyes briefly, trying hard to compose himself.
Spider-Man didn’t hesitate. He jumped over Tony’s back and was on his feet just in time to send the newly shrunken Ant-Man into the wall again.
Barnes nodded, obviously not entirely satisfied but resigned that he would get nothing better out of Tony right now. And that was that. He left the room, leaving Tony to his thoughts.
“Are you really here?” he asked.
“He’s heading for Siberia,” Steve said, then dictated him the coordinates. FRIDAY automatically calculated a flight route, forwarding it to the Quinjet in the hangar.
“Hm,” Peter hummed, looking awkward for a moment. Then, he cleared his throat. “Can I ask, I mean… when did you and Captain America get together?”
—be a thing. I haven’t—”
When Steve remained quiet, mostly just staring into space, Tony put a hand on his knee, lightly brushing his fingers against Steve’s. “Don’t worry, he will probably make a few threats and all, but he won’t actually do anything. It’s… at the end of the day, we both know that he needs me more than the other way around.”
Steve shook his head, tugging at the waistband of Tony’s trousers to pull him even nearer. “You don’t have to find out,” he promised, his mouth was on Tony’s again, and the world melted away.
—was both wonderful and very, very frightening.
And with those two words, the world outside ceased to exist. Steve all but dragged him into the bathroom, his hands roaming freely across Tony’s body. If there had ever been a point when Steve had been modest about this, it was definitely over now.
clothes? No clothes, come on.”
Eventually, Tony had linked Bucky to the Avenger’s comm-lines and cameras, and he was now monitoring their whereabouts and giving them advice from afar. It was better than going to jail. And by now, he and Steve could at least make jokes about it.
As though sensing the thought, Tony’s mouth broke away just long enough for Steve to register the absence of his warmth. “It’s too late, isn’t it?” he asked. “Too late for us, too late for—”
“That’d be great,” Steve said. “Not to be rude, but… I really want to go home.”
“Of Steve? Sure. I never got courted by an alien plant from outer space.” He looked at Steve, grinning brightly. “That something you’d recommend?”
He lay back down and glanced up at Steve with a lazy smile. “’s not gonna be easy to top yesterday.”
future?”
A maniacal giggle bubbled off Tony’s lips. “The best? This is your best?”
“I know that.” There was a hand softly caressing Tony’s cheek.
Tony’s head whipped upwards when Steve’s words registered with him. He wanted—
Steve shivered, his reflection blurring once more. The number was steadily echoing in his mind. Not the seventy years—but the twenty. He had no idea how he’d be able to ever fall asleep again. What if he found himself back in that motel room?
“I get that this must’ve been confusing. I can only imagine how much,” Tony said. “But let’s be honest here. This…” He waved his hand at the space between them. “Won’t be happening, right? I mean… can
A shot ripped the air apart. It happened so fast. So freaking fast. The sensation of being dragged off his feet commenced a dizzy spell… then the room was spinning. A high whistle of something being hurled at superhuman speed. The bullet pierced Tony’s chest before he could turn away, throwing both him and Fury hard to the ground.
“Steve, if he did do it on purpose, he did it because he believed it would help us to bring Ultron down before he could hurt any more people. He did it because he loves you and decided Extremis wasn’t worth it for something to come between you. Whatever it was, it was his decision to make, and I think you should respect that.”
“I don’t know when things started to change, exactly, don’t know when I…” She sighed, closing her eyes with shades of self-irritation. Natasha wasn’t one to allow herself to show emotions at the flick of a wrist, and the possibility alone had Tony spell-bound. “I loved him as much as I could,” she continued. “Which wasn’t much considering who I was. Who he was. We were never what you’d consider a real couple. We never had what you and Steve have. We weren’t close… You can’t be close to someone who, as soon as he starts to realize that you might mean something to him, is already about to forget you again…” Looking down at the drained bottle of water, she asked, “Want another one?”
Steve was always turning his world upside down so effortlessly. He wondered if he even realized he was doing it.
my husband!”
Crazy, and absolutely—
* * *
Carefully, Steve picked up the infant and pressed it against his chest. Every time he did this, he still had a moment of potent fear of how easily he could hurt this fragile human being, but he knew now that some things just needed time.
Bucky grimaced. There was a picture he didn’t need.
Tony grinned. “Remember what I told you?”
Tony smiled at him warmly as Steve came back ten minutes later. On his way, Steve turned off the RV’s headlamps and lay back down next to Tony. They were pressed against each other, knee-to-knee, head-to-head, breathing the same slow breaths.
Steve cringed a little. “Right. Sorry. Didn’t want to spoil the mood.”
They told him names were meaningless.
Pepper sighed. “Well. That’s nothing new,” she said, her voice subdued.
Tony leaned forward, rotating the floor plan until it was facing towards Steve. “There’s a machine called ‘Null Time Sequencer’. We found it back in 2020, in a castle in Latveria.” He tapped on the map. “A man called Doctor Doom retrieved them during one of his travels. It’s… it’s basically a time machine.”
* * *
And slowly breaking it apart.
“There’s no way we’re prepared for this.” Rhodey watched while Tony resumed pacing. “We thought we had time before. That didn’t help.”
“Why should we want to work with you?” Pietro asked. “You are the reason our parents are dead. Because of you—
Their eyes met at that, and they exchanged a concise, however heartfelt grin of mutuality.
The next installment will be an epilogue.
Tony huffed, as if he’d asked himself the same question a million times. Why work on something that was no use to him? Then, a sinful smirk appeared on his lips, and he turned his chair around, settling both hands on Steve’s hip. “I guess you could say I always loved a challenge.”
A still air settled between them, daring them to break the solace their phone calls had given them. What they’d had in those last weeks—that had been safe. They’d refrained from the harder issues that would only hurt once deciphered.
She took a seat next to him, shucking off her jacket and stretching her legs as she leaned back against the wall. “Look, Steve… I know you don’t want to tell me anything about your
“Did you just call me ‘toots’?” Pietro asked.
Steve couldn’t help it—a startled laugh left his lips as he let his head drop on top of Natasha’s. He felt Bucky’s human hand pet one of his knees and saw Sam smiling from his seat in the cockpit. Clint mumbled something that sounded a lot like ‘damned honeymoon-phase all over again’ and Steve knew they’d be okay.
“It sort of is,” Steve agreed.
"Maybe you talk too much," he said, lifting his other hand to rest on Tony's cheek and leaning in to kiss him.
Steve smiled down at him, and he looked so much better already, pressing a deep kiss to Tony’s lips, before speaking again. “Shouldn’t that be my line?”
TS 11:41 P.M.>FYI, I’m horny and cranky and Pepper banned me from a meeting 2day. I’m flying to UK now, be back next Monday. Tell me, what does it take to see you again, o Captain my Captain?
"Leaving? Buck what-—"
“I don’t think I did it right,” he said quietly. “You know… when Jarvis died.”
They all stared at Tony with open mouths. And Steve was sure that they all thought the same thing: Tony had never been this eager about something. His eyes were bright, one of his legs bouncing lightly as if he couldn’t possibly sit still any longer.
“You’ve given up? Already?” Tony flashed a wide grin. “But it’s so early in the game, Buck-o.”
Tony’s mouth opened, and closed again.
He had experienced his share of wonders. Surviving his childhood. Surviving his youth. Surviving the army. Surviving the super-soldier serum.
In the middle of the workshop, Bruce took a deep breath and raised his voice. “I think we’re ready. Are we really going to do this?”
“Steve?” Tony asked again, his voice almost hoarse. He leaned down a little more, and—God, Steve was so aware of him. Every hot little breath Tony took echoed hotly in Steve’s lungs.
Natasha frowned. “If it’s not a recording, then…”
“You have to admit that was a cool move, flipping him over his head and…
“That… well, that we’re sharing dreams. Or that… it’s real?” He bit his lower lip uncertainly. “I mean, obviously not real-real, because I’m definitely sleeping on a tiny cot right now. And you’re… wherever you are.”
“What about me?”
Tony rolled his eyes. “No. Not yet.”
He smiled when he saw what Tony was drawing. His ‘secret invention’. He’d started with the first sketches somewhere in France, and by now, he worked on it almost every day. So far Steve had only watched from afar, never daring to ask him about it. But he’d caught brief glances.
The painting in their bedroom was missing because it had yet to be painted. The blue circle that had always seemed so abstract, so other-worldly was now something cherished and familiar. And Steve could already see himself standing at that wooden easel and put those colours together.
Steve shook his head. “I never managed to tell you? In your time?”
Goddammit… How he had ever thought that he’d enjoyed sex before was beyond him. He had no idea how long they stayed like this, with Tony breathing hard, his face buried in Steve’s shoulder. “No regrets, right?” Tony murmured, his forehead pressed against Steve’s damp skin, willing his words to be true.
“No, that’s why I’m calling. I’m sorry… I’m still in my office in Malibu, I won’t make it today.”
"That's a relief," Steve said, turning to look at Natasha and Hawkeye in turn. "Have you guys had any side effects since the fight?" And if he was hoping to hear them agree, that they had gone through similar hallucinations, he wasn't going to tell anyone. Both agents shook their heads, however, which was disappointing, but also good news.
“I—” Steve started, then averted his eyes. It was small, nearly indiscernible, but it was there. A flicker of worry and a waver in his confident stance. He couldn’t remember ever having seen Steve like this. Like he was doubting the very foundation of his being.
That was one of the reasons why he’d missed working with Bucky.
“Not your fault.” He let Tony go and pushed himself up on one straight arm, smiling at him.
This wouldn’t be pretty, Tony knew. But they’d been through worse, right?
Tony shrugged. “Everyone loves parties. If I just call them, they’ll probably think the project is a hoax. They have to see it. We’ll send invitations to Reed, Pym. All of them. If just
?” he asked, and great, he was yelling now. The reasonable part of his brain was calmly trying to tell him that he was overreacting and that Steve only worried about him, but that part was small and surrounded by a lot of alcohol.
, came to mind, and Steve twisted around to cover Tony with his own body. “Oh, yes,” Tony sighed as Steve’s weight settled fully on top of him.
It had barely been two months. Tony knew what he wanted now, but those words seemed too inadequate, too simple—and yet still too scary. He had always put so much stock in words, and he’d always been good with them. Though in the end, words had failed him when it counted.
to not having to ask.
"Thanks, Hawkeye," Steve said into the comm and rushed on towards the mass of thicker vines loosely wrapped around the base as Hawkeye saluted from the top of a tree across the street. Iron Man was circling up above, hopefully scanning the creature for weak spots, while Bruce stayed behind in the Quinjet, analyzing the data. For the time being, Steve didn't think they needed the Hulk to step in, finding more value in the professor doing some research. "Any news, Dr. Banner?"
Natasha grinned. “You know me too well.” And with a more serious look, she added, “And when you wake up… try and see past tomorrow for once.”
Steve walked up closer to Tony. “Why are you so angry at me? I didn’t—I could’ve reacted better, I know that, and I’m sorry, okay? You surprised me and—”
There had never been fear like this. It was still clawing at his insides, parching his throat, and all Tony had known in that moment was suffering.
“Then I don’t know. You tell me. 2017? 2016? Earlier?”
Both of their teams stood at the mouth of the airport. Steve was staring at him with an unreadable expression, and the others looked equally confused.
“You should do that with
“Yes,” Strange said. “You want to help save this world, don’t you?”
“So.” Rhodey assumed the vacant seat next to Tony’s bed, plopping a mug full of coffee into his empty hands. “Maybe this will get you talking.”
His brain was too busy reeling in surprise to really catch on a decent thought. The most useful he could come up with was ‘Well, this is embarrassing’. The guys next to Steve had looked up at him at some point, casting him pitiful looks. Tony probably still looked like he’d seen a ghost and he couldn’t find it in him to control his facial expression.
Steve watched them walk towards the Quinjet that would bring them back to New York. Back to their home. It should have been comforting to know how easy it had always been to slip back into that life—their life—, even after great catastrophes, but it felt anything but. As Steve stared after his husband, he had a sinking feeling that this time, things would irrevocably change.
When Steve was all the way in, Tony pressed his head into the pillow beneath him. “I love you,” he whispered, briefly thinking how amazing it was that he could still think these words—much less voice them.
He knew how good it felt to wrap himself in some layers of familiarity.
daily affair,” he said, his voice amiable even as his words knocked the wind out of Steve’s chest. “Again: I mean no offence. Mrs. Stark always inspired Tony in his newest creations. The two spent hours upon hours in his workshop. She was his muse, he often said.” He sighed pointedly. “He stopped inventing after she died. And… well, I don’t think a kid from Brooklyn will change that. Tony only brought you here to distract himself a little, so let us not get carried away, alright?”
changing everything.”
All those alternatives that could mean he’d lose everything.
The second Steve’s eyes landed on the bay in front of him, he was deafened by the crash of the waves. By the roll of the clouds against the horizon. The swish of the sand as water washed along the coast. The scene was breathtaking, but somehow callous—open and lonely. No matter how far he looked, nothing was there to look back. Even the stretch of land that encompassed the water before spilling into the ocean looked empty.
“You’re right,” he admitted quietly.
“No,” Steve admitted softly, though in the back of his mind, he was sure that he was falling short in comparison to Tony’s past lovers. For some reason, he imagined that Indries was a wonderful partner in bed that never left her husband unsatisfied.
“Go!” Steve shouted and smashed the front window so he could throw the man off. In that moment, Sam stepped on the gas pedal and they sped into the night.
“Guys,” Clint said, his eyes flickering to Steve, heavy with concern but likewise well-guarded. Everything about him was guarded. “Now might not be the right time to do this.”
“Tony,” Natasha prompted. She raised her phone, and handed it to him. “you will want to see this.”
"Tony," he breathed, hurrying to him. "What are you doing here?" But he never let him answer, reaching for him without preamble, his hands grabbing the lapels of his blazer and pulling him into a fierce kiss.
“Yes, ‘whoa’. Think you’re done for t’night.”
After setting the donuts onto the couch table, he sat down with an expectant expression.
Straight or not, Steve had never so much as cast him a lingering glance. They had communication issues that killed all communication issues and…
Tony’s tongue darted out and wet his lips as he nodded. He turned around, casting Steve a lingering look as he kneeled down next to the bench, putting both elbows up on its surface.
“Thank you,” he replied, nodding.
“Couldn’t wait,” Tony said idly, waving a hand in Steve’s general direction. “You owe me like… fifty orgasms over the course of the last three months. I thought it was best to get on with the program as long as I can still keep up with you.”
“Off to the decontamination shower, Cap,” Tony said. JARVIS had already rerouted air circulation within the suit, so it was safe to pull Steve a little closer to his chest so they could actually talk. And with ‘talking’, he meant making sex-pollen jokes.
“Sorry,” Steve said, smiling. “Didn’t mean to wake you.”
“Need it rough, do you?” Tony asked. He didn’t wait for a reply, though, didn’t need to—every part of Steve was speaking volumes of how bad he needed to let off some steam. So he sped up, gripping Steve’s shoulders tight. He buried his face in Steve’s throat as his hips smashed against him, pushing him further into the couch.
“Don’t wanna wake up,” Steve murmured as he glanced to the large window front. It was still dark outside, but there was now a sliver of red filling the horizon, and he knew that the sun would rise soon.
“How long have you wanted this,” he asked, heaving low breaths. “Tell me. How much time did we lose?”
Steve brushed a hand over his face, then shook his head. “I can’t tell you that either. Sorry.”
Taking a low breath, Tony turned around, not really caring that he was still hard as well, and looked at Steve. He was staring at him with wide eyes and there was definitely shock there, and panic, so much in fact, that there was no room for anything else yet.
Tony huffed, though it sounded strangled. “
With his free arm wrapped around Tony, Steve held him steady and jerked him off in quick, familiar motions, and it didn't take long for the heat to rise to Tony's face, making him look a little feverish. It was such a lovely look on him, needy as he was, especially when Steve knew he was the cause of it. "You're so pretty…" he said, enjoying the little sounds Tony made at his teases.
Tony sighed deeply. “Do you really think I care about that? Trust me, you are perfect just the way you are. More perfect than you could ever understand. Come home with me. Come with me to Stark Mansion. Please.”
Steve brushed a hand through his still damp hair. “I like women, too, Bucky. I just like… both. Always have. I didn’t lie to you; if there’d been a fella back then, I would’ve told you.”
Tony opened his mouth to reply, then paused and frowned. There was nothing for several endless seconds, as he tried to sort through his thoughts. “I get it, I do,” he said eventually, choosing his words with great caution. He was a futurist, first and foremost. And above that, he knew the both of them well enough by now to sense a conflicting subject as soon as it came up.
to wake him up, though, there really was no way around it. Tony glanced warily at Steve’s fisted hands and tried to decide upon the method that was least likely to gain him a black eye.
The little surprised grunt Steve made whenever Tony picked him off the ground bridal-style would never cease to be amusing, that was for sure. Nor was that look of half disbelief and half gratitude on the guy’s face when he’d realized Tony might have just saved his life.
And even now, with his red eyes, his scarred face and the broken wings...
, Steve thought. The thought had occurred to him often in those last days. Ian’s entire head fit perfectly in the palm of Bucky’s hand. Their baby boy appeared unaffected by all the excitement. He yawned, stretched and settled down quickly.
him. He's an assistant to one of my friends on-campus. Been flirting with me from the first second." Bucky laughed at that, making Steve glare at him.
Steve smiled knowingly. “Now that you mention it, why don’t we make a little detour to Coney Island? The park should be open for another hour.”
Tony smiled. He could see now why Steve liked the guy so much.
Tony cast him a hesitant smile. “Not really morning yet.”
It was just the two of them now. Vision had become a second spokesperson for the Avengers, touring through interviews and hearings with Pepper, and Natasha—she’d said she would return to the tower in a few days. She had refused to tell Tony where she was going, but he had a feeling he knew anyway. He’d watched her pack a small backpack, with things to sleep, and a few books that looked a lot like the Scandinavian thrillers Wanda had been reading lately, and a good dozen jelly beans—Clint’s secret obsession.
rules could be outright ignored—social cues, things that didn't really matter, obstacles in the way to happiness.
A whimper of repressed longing scratched at Tony’s throat, and he hooked one arm around Steve’s neck the next moment, leaping into the kiss with everything he had. Exploring Steve’s mouth with liberation that seemed too long coming. One of Steve’s arms wrapped around his waist to haul Tony into him, and Tony felt his warm breath on him, his heart beating against his chest and all those other things he had so long waited for.
“Together?” Tony asked with a slight quirk of his lips.
“Help,” he echoed, frowning at their naked forms in the glass.
“And how will that end? Why should I trust you? You’re married to the man.”
friends with Steve in an admittedly creepy-close way, before you dumped him for whatever reason. Bruce on the other hand, is your random science-project-guy and nothing more. I bet you don’t even know his last name.”
, smiling and making jokes every other minute. Naturally, the two had fixed the wing in no time, and while Steve wasn’t wholly sure he understood what Tony was doing, he had a feeling he was already fine-tuning the engine by now. All the while, Tony explained things in a low voice, occasionally handing Cooper a screwdriver so he could put the various parts back together.
“I know
In the end, though, he found himself nodding.
Clint frowned. He looked down at his phone, typed something into his messenger, then glanced out of the window. “There might be a way.”
Definitely not right now. And not in the state he was in.
It was better than the alternative, Steve reminded himself as he smiled politely at the man. It wouldn't do to show hostility now, even though he'd caught Tony's wince at the guy's hold on his shoulder. But if it bruised…
No, not with Lucifer, not with the devil—with
* * *
Tony let loose a shaking breath. Hearing those words from Steve—it was more than he’d ever expected to get. “I know,” he whispered. “It’s okay. As I said, I forgave you a long time ago, but… thank you. For telling me.”
It wasn’t even the full deal—not his Devil’s Face, and yet, Steve jerked back as if burned.
She was quiet for a moment, eyeing him curiously. Then, she gave him a thin-lipped smile. “It has its advantages, yes.”
Steve tried to speak, opening his mouth more than once to say something, but no words formed in his head. Being with Tony like this was as easy as breathing, everything else, though, had suddenly become strangely complicated. So instead he released the breath he was holding, shifting himself until Tony was lying beside him.
need you to have those perks. Because what HYDRA did to you will not be something a duty solicitor will be able to explain to a Committee. Do you understand what I’m saying?”
As Steve rushed to Tony’s side and took it up with two of the soldiers at once, Bucky faced off with the dark-haired man—the one who’d attacked Steve first.
, you scoundrel.” He pulled firmly at Steve’s hand, trying to pull him the last inches to the bedroom door.
Steve nodded. “Oh.”
. “Though it’s hard to believe you could resist playing the knight in shiny armor for once.”
Steve exploded at him. How could Tony not understand how awful what he was suggesting was?
“This will be all kinds of horrible, I hope you’re aware. I look like a very handsome, blond truck ran me over, and they will not let me live that down easily.”
Oh, fuck it.
Tony huffed a disbelieving breath, but immediately schooled his expression when Steve leaned up.
“If you say so,” Steve said, irritated. He walked up to him, reaching for his arms to pull him to his feet.
Steve’s attention was briefly drawn back to the openness of their surroundings. While no one did anything more than cast glances in their direction, he could tell Tony felt on display. He did a bit, himself. And yet, this was too important to give in to discomfort right now.
“Thought so, too.”
Tony asked with a biting tone.
“Maybe Tony is right,” Natasha said. “If we have one hand on the wheel, we can still steer.”
“I already told you I am,” Steve answered, relaxing a bit. He turned to him. “And you are, as well.”
Tomorrow, the sun would rise and his life would begin anew. Begin as it never had before. And Steve… Steve was going to be with him when he awoke, and then, they would both finally get that break from their daily chaos that they so richly deserved.
There was some universal law about popular people like Steve making the lives of non-popular people like Tony hell. And he couldn’t even blame Steve. At the end of the day, this was all Tony’s fault. He’d fucked up their friendship by putting Steve in an awkward position.
The day passed, and the next as well. A week later, Tony felt himself sinking into an endless tedium of moping, and everything, even his courses, only seemed to remind him why he now officially hated Steve.
"You know I'm not really a man of grand gestures," Steve said then, leaning over and looking into his eyes. "And I wanted to do this where… Where it all started, I guess." He tilted his head and pressed a light kiss to Tony's cheek. "If you want something more extravagant, you're gonna have to tell me what it is you want."
Steve stared at the empty wall of the little room, and loneliness cursed through his body that threatened to choke him. There had been many lows in his life: The many times he’d almost died during childhood, the day his mother had received the death notification of his father, or the day his mother had died of tuberculosis.
Steve could tell that Tony was trying not to grin, shielding his eyes as he looked away. “So you’re not gonna kick me in the head and run out of here, virtue fluttering.”
He had to at least give it one more try.
A long beat of silence. It was apparent that struggling and name-calling wasn’t about to get them anywhere, though. Tony sighed. Potential for rational thought. Progress and all that. “How about instead of trying to explain to us what you can’t explain to us, start at the beginning.”
There was a grand piano at the corner of the room, and something drew Tony in. With a low breath, he put Ian down on the large rug next to the piano, watched him rolling back and forth on his tummy for a moment, before he heaved himself into a sitting position.
There was a wonderful tightening, and a quick pulsation all around him that drove him on as he let out a single loud groan and came, shoving harder with his orgasm a few more times. His entire body felt overheated, and he wanted to slip out of his uniform so he could feel Tony's skin against his own, but that was not to be. He slumped over Tony, one hand holding his weight against the bench. "Oh my God," he breathed out, panting.
Tony threw his head back, straining all his muscles. “Feels so good,” he mumbled. “Harder, please.”
Rain pelted against the hard glass of the Quinjet, flattening into thick rivulets of clear water running down and across the thick panes. The multicolored flight lights flared and swirled in blinking patterns, brightening the otherwise gloomy sky outside.
Tony nodded shortly and watched as a van came to a skidding halt next to them. Steve rushed over to open the sliding door. He quickly scooped Tony’s form up after throwing his shield into the car.
He’d thought about how it’d feel to hold the weight of it in his palm. About tasting him, then spread him with his fingers and delve into his body, lap at his skin and sample his mouth while his legs closed around him and squeezed him so good he’d come undone just from that. He saw them together, limbs entwined, bodies moving together, Tony’s mouth suckling greedily on his cock before Steve took him again and again and again…
There must have been a desperate note in Steve’s voice that reached him, for the next second, Tony’d frozen in place. “I never know what to do, Tony. My God, I’ve been lost since we got here! I’ve never felt so lost in my life. And I can’t talk to you—”
“You know why, James,” she said a minute later, as always able to read exactly what was going through his mind. “You know why he does it.”
Because this… this was a future version of Bucky.
Something that would tear apart the very fiber of the universe, if they didn’t stop him.
Well, maybe he would, but he would sulk about it a lot, later.
“Can you tell me more?” Steve asked quickly, eager to keep him talking. “About her?”
Bucky sighed next to him as he let his gaze wander over the walls of the dark corridors. Steve had no idea what kinds of memories were going through his head right now, but they surely weren’t nice ones.
This was all laughably stupid. Why couldn’t they simply let Bucky grieve, give him a moment of peace for once, as well?
Tony swallowed. “About what?”
Tony released an unsteady breath at those words and carefully pulled his fingers free. Then he leaned up, kissing Steve's forehead with reverence, before he let his lips trail downwards, pressing a kiss to his nose first, then his lips.
Tony hummed, his breathing slowly going back to normal. His throat felt a little tender from where Steve had grabbed him, but it
Steve yawned—it was only noon, but Tony figured they deserved some extra sleep. “What did you plan on doing with those five minutes?”
Tony watched how Clint basically ran over to where Thor stood before the guy had even finished talking.
On their way to Nashville, they spent a few hours in the American Museum of Science and Energy. Tony had been there before twice, but he’d promised Rhodey to make a quick stop either way. The exhibits weren’t news to either of them, but the others seemed to have fun, so Tony counted it as a win.
Tony echoed in his mind, rubbing his forehead. No, this was
“Soon,” Tony confirmed. His voice sounded throaty and strange. A moment later, he pushed his face into Steve’s neck and breathed in. “So many nights without you. How am I supposed to bear it?”
“No you don’t,” Tony sing-songed, and Bucky had the feeling that he would have to fight the urge to strangle Tony for a whole long while in the nearer future.
Right. That was definitively a three year old determined to get the last word.
“Or not,” Rhodey said.
New Client (chat_server:46955) pending
Tony quickly sealed the space between them, seizing Steve’s wrists. “Hey, look at me,” he said thickly, raising Steve’s hands to his own face. Steve swallowed hard and obeyed, his gaze locking with Tony’s.
Steve’s eyes found his again. Soft. Meaningful. And he kissed Tony with such tenderness that he both wanted to urge him on, make him go faster, but also to keep things slow so he could enjoy every goddamn second of it.
Tony grinned, spreading his legs as best as he could with his own trousers still around his hips. He watched Steve open the lube, pouring some on his hand before his index finger aligned with his entrance and edged inward ever-so-slowly.
A huff. Tony sat down on his side of the bed, his eyes still trained on the television. “He’s so gone for her.”
"I might've had a similar fantasy about your armor," he admitted, since it seemed that was what they were doing at the moment.
, was the only thing he could think right then. Tony knew, of course, knew that it had been the Winter Soldier who had done this, that it had been
Tony frowned. “Steve…”
, he reminded himself as he nodded his head absently, as if only now hearing Bucky.
“No, not at all,” Steve replied. He hugged Tony tight, kissing his neck with reverence. A stifled breath left his lips, and he felt his eyes closing against his will.
The thought had drifted through Steve’s mind often in the last couple of hours. How the furniture was in different stages of dinged-up, which only made the room feel all the more homey. There were books, and flowers, and all those photographs showing Clint with his family throughout their lives. Kids clothes were strewn around, apple juice bottles and cups of tea littered the couch table, and piles of paper, drawing pencils and crayons teetered on the dinner table, where Steve was currently busy coloring some butterfly with Lila Barton.
“This is for dropping a building on my face,” Rumlow spat as he raised his gauntlet, until a large retractable blade shot out. He tried to hit Steve with it, and Steve only just managed to turn aside, the blade smashing into the stonewall behind him instead.
.” He made an unpleasant face. “We call that the ‘week of sin’, by the way, none of us wanted to be anywhere near you for days. I think Clint even moved to a motel.”
"Do you mind?" Steve asked when it became clear he wasn't going to avert his gaze. It was awkward enough as is, but Vision's face broke into a small smile, giving Steve a feeling he'd done all of that on purpose to make them squirm. He would have to have words with him, later, about respect of others' privacy.
In the background, the news channel was reporting on the destruction in Lagos. There had been casualties, not as high a number as in the previous timeline, and not nearly as high as it would’ve been, had Rumlow activated the bomb right in the middle of the IFID building, but at the end of the day, it didn’t matter. It seemed that no matter what they did, they just couldn’t save everyone.
“Did Clint tell you this was the socially appropriate thing to do?” Steve asked, even as he dug the spoon into the chocolate chip ice cream and let it melt on his tongue. “Because ice cream’s usually for lover’s grief.”
Tony quickly undressed himself, and with a gentle tug, he ushered Steve into the shower stall.
At that, Natasha woke up. Her green eyes were wide with confusion as she stared down at her arm, confused at first, before understanding dawned.
Ms. Potts had that way of making Steve feel like everything would be okay. She had seen him often enough at Tony's lab that even if they hadn't told her, should've guessed. Tony trusted her, so Steve saw no reason not to do the same. He spared her a slight smile and a shrug.
“You’re doing so good,” Tony praised softly, because he never could keep quiet in situations like this. Some people had been embarrassed by his onslaught of commentaries, but Steve didn’t seem to mind. Steve only trembled, and Tony trembled with him. His thrusting fingers ventured just a bit further with every plunge, scissoring and stretching, moving deeper and occasionally brushing against Steve’s prostate. And every time he did, Steve would flush brilliantly, a moan escaping his lips as he thrust his hips down to keep Tony's fingers where they were just a little bit longer.
Why had they even gone into this building in the first place? It had all been nicely wrapped up after the big fight, and there was only the matter of evacuating the buildings, but this one had been empty. Why had they gone in?
Natasha tilted her head in worried regard, before she kneeled down and cupped Tony’s cheek. “You all right, Shellhead?”
. They made him want to have Tony stare at him in disbelief while he was so highly-strung with pleasure he could barely contain himself. So instead of letting Tony maneuver him further through the room, Steve wrapped both arms around him, and firmly led him backwards.
Steve shook his head, not really knowing how to explain that… the concept of them together was much more intriguing than he dared to admit to himself. “I was just… curious.”
Tony, however, just grinned again, damn him. He
Steve nodded, and took a moment to look around. The sky was huge and cloudless, bright and blue, and very, very far away. The trees around them were still slightly damp from a recent rain shower and the wind was whistling above the cliffs. He released a wistful sigh and turned his eyes once more to the almost-blank sheet staring up at him. His thoughts were locked away somewhere, and what talent he had was captured in a torrent of confusion.
Tony sighed. “I guess I am. Feels like I can finally start with… doing what I want to do, you know?”
“Oh, sorry. Thanks.” He downed the water without stopping for breath. It was either that or a stiff drink—which Steve would disapprove of, of course.
“Damn right we had,” Steve shot back, not even minding to keep the anger out of his voice.
“Steve! Shit. Are you alright?”
Maria’s eyes were now trained steadfast on Barnes’ form, her expression hard. “How long has he been like that?” she asked.
Tony could do about it.
“Simmer down. I just want to check something.”
“Says who?”
for betaing.
Tony shrugged. “Your fault for bringing him here. You know how much I like art.”
When he got outside, Tony was rummaging through the luggage compartment at the long side of the RV. The tent was already lying on the grass, and Tony flipped on the lights before throwing some poles and linens on top of it.
The guy dropped down to the floor and Tony and Steve stopped when the twins turned around, casting them an unsurprised look.
There may not have been a specific reason for them being shown these memories, but he was certain that they were meant to meet again, especially in light of what had happened in their past lives.
“Then let’s find out when we get there.”
Tony swallowed, forcing back all the tears that threatened to spill over his cheeks. “I’m right here,” he vowed hoarsely. “Right now.” With that, he pressed a broken smile against Steve’s shoulder so he wouldn’t break out into sobs.
“Orange juice,” Tony decided. “And admit it. You’re fattening me up for slaughter.”
With a small shrug, Steve smiled and shook his head. "I know, Tony. At first it… Well, that doesn't matter anymore." He glanced at the TV just in time to see a massive amount of policemen storming the grassland. This movie had been inexplicable from the get go, but the ending just seemed completely disconnected. "Thanks for clarifying that, though."
* * *
“I know, believe me, I do. Now
Tony bit his lower lip in irritation and leaned back a little, letting his gaze drift over Steve's uniform. No red spots and no deeper cuts, that was a good sign. "You didn't get hit, did you?"
“In his compartment where he belongs,” Tony replied. “Or don’t you remember the last time I set him free down here?”
A not too-small part of him was bathed in relief that all of this mess had just been the outcome of something that had been beyond all of their control. But then again, it wouldn’t change much of anything.
Vision came to a stop, sandwich in hand, and looked back at him. However the hell Tony had managed to do it, but he already looked a lot better. “Yes?”
Pepper merely smiled and Natasha answered, “Yes. We’re bred this way, didn’t you know?”
“I did,” Bucky agreed. He glanced up. “And I’m sorry.”
He would stick around in New York, keep helping with cleanup and rebuild as much as he possibly could, but he would do that from his own apartment in Brooklyn. Staying here, seeing Tony all the time while he was his politely distanced self again, it was an impossible thing.
A breathy laugh left Tony’s lips. “You’re saying sex’s on the table again?”
Steve heard Natasha’s sharp gasp, but they both knew Sam had gotten real good at this, and only a moment later, he had already caught Bucky and pulled him safely to his chest.
When he turned his gaze on the interior of the club again, this time lingering on the details, he stopped in his tracks. Spotting Tony didn’t take much; he was seated in one of the more prominent couch areas and talking animatedly with an older woman. Just the sight of him, confident and in his element, agitated Steve and wiped the smile off his face. A low buzz started at the base of his skull and maybe he shouldn't have taken that drink so fast. "Buck—"
"First of all," Bucky said, lifting a finger. "What happened wasn't your fault." His tone made it very clear that there would be no arguing with him on this. "And second…" He hesitated before shaking his head, subtle impatience creeping into his voice. "Self-deprecation never worked on me before, Steve. Why're you tryna use it on me now?"
," he emphasized his name.
"Bucky…"
Despite everything, a shiver of fear raced down Steve’s spine. A real meeting meant no hiding. No jerking himself awake.
It felt… God it
Steve was about to say
Pepper put the fork in her hand back on her plate and leaned forward, turning her full attention on Tony. “Alright. A ball, then. But if we do this we have to invite all of our business associates and acquaintances, too, I hope you’re aware of that.”
But he really doubted that life could ever be that simple.
He frowned when his gaze fell on Steve’s wedding ring again.
“How did you get here?” Steve asked, taking a slightly more precarious step in Zola’s direction.
. He just… he couldn’t stop thinking about Tony. After what he’d said… Steve wanted to know more, figure out how exactly the two of them had managed to get along as much as they did. It wasn’t about falling in love, either—it was about getting over what had happened, about finding out what it was that had Tony start trusting him again.
he’d never had this. He could feel Steve’s affection for him in every move he made and in every look he gave him. Steve may not be strong with words, either, but the want for more was so tangible, Tony felt he could just let Steve take a part of his weight and make those next steps together.
He was turned around, and pressed into the next wall. Steve stared at him with a mixture of wan disbelief and pent-up hurt; but in the end it was the anger behind his eyes that coaxed Tony not to look away again. “You think you don’t matter to me?” Steve whispered, voice shaking. “After everything?”
“I can’t stop, Steve. If I stop, then—”
“Don’t be,” Tony replied, and
“Said he’d be out to talk to me as soon as he could,” Steve replied, guiding her to a chair. “I called Jim, and he should be here in a—”
Tony turned around—just in time for a stream of spittle to hit his face.
Quickies were good and well, but after three months of living in different cities, and only a handful nights when they’d been able to actually sleep in the same bed, Steve craved the times when they had hours—days—to explore each other’s bodies as long and as thoroughly as they both wanted.
Tony found it always a bit worrisome how simply their plans to save the world were crafted, outlined, and executed. After Fury’s arrival and their short naptime, it was now close to morning, and there were only a few last moments to spare until they’d all leave the farm. He would take the suit and fly to Oslo while Steve and the others would stop Ultron from building himself a new body. That’d be that… And all they could do was hope to see each other again afterwards.
He was still trembling visibly, but regained control of himself slowly.
He staggered and leaned against the wall for balance. On the other end of the room, Tony was bending to look into one of the monitors. Next to him stood Bruce, Doctor Strange, Natasha, Sam and Bucky.
. “The baby’s crying,” Tony said a little louder, shaking him harder.
take off your ring. It’s one of the weird things you do, you always wear it,
After about two point five seconds upon entering the RV, a sly grin spread all over Natasha’s face. “Good for you,” she said, leaning back, inspecting Steve’s and Tony’s admittedly still pretty rumbled state of clothing. Tony had at least wrapped Steve’s sweater around his hips, covering everything that needed to be covered. She, Bucky, Carol and Sam were sprawled around the dining room table. In the background, Steve could just hear the shower coming to a stop, so he guessed Rhodey was still in the bathroom.
“Right.” Steve rearranged his hold on Tony and moved his hand downwards. “Better start practicing.”  He tugged Tony’s shirt out of his jeans, pulling it up and off, and tossing it to the floor.
“Charlie lock,” he pressed through his teeth. “Fire now.”
“He’s a… failed experiment in robotics. Just… ignore him,” Tony said, and the whirring noises from DUM-E’s servos really
The phone in Tony’s pocket chirped loudly, bringing him back to the present. Irritated, he wiped at his eyes, likely smudging those tears with more leftover grease. Accepting the call via Extremis, Tony smiled slightly as he saw Pepper’s profile coming up.
She looked at Steve as she said it, and the man frowned. “Did she say what she wanted?”
A long, winded sigh rolled off Steve’s shoulders. “That’s not the way to go, Tony.”
“You can never go in there again,” he told Steve, his tone cold and distant. Tony had never spoken to him like that before—and he was shaking, Steve realized, a nervous hand running through his dark hair as he ostensibly fought for control. “I asked you not to go. For God’s sake—”
“I don’t mean to make things difficult. If I see a situation pointed south, I can’t ignore it. Sometimes I wish I could.”
“Then we would’ve maybe gotten the go-ahead for adoption, only for them to take it away again after what happened. It’s not your fault, it really isn’t.”
The real question was: Why was
“Tony,” Bucky said, sighing.
Rhodey had come over after what had happened, and Natasha had been by his side ever since it all started. The only one who hadn’t stepped into the headquarter was Bruce, and Tony respected that. If it were him, he wouldn’t have faced Ross again, either.
“It’s certainly safer than any alternative you can come up with at the moment,” Tony snapped. “Descriptions aren’t a name.”
“Thank god,” Tony breathed. He rushed to his feet and threw his arms around Steve’s neck, burying his face in the crook of his neck.
“That’s not the point!” His shout rolled through the sleepy morning silence of Sam’s garden, shocking Natasha into stillness. “Bucky is my
“No, not in detail,” Steve replied. “Not yet, at least. Helen said she didn’t think the world was quite ready for it and we agree.”
have known this.”
Steve scratched his neck, nodded. “Yeah, like I promised.” He stepped aside and motioned for Tony to come into the room, pretending not to notice when Tony’s eyes swept over the room, checking the windows and corners twice.
Channeling. All right. Tony could do that.
Barnes sighed, his tone uncharacteristically serious. “You’re good together, Stark. At least  when you grace him with your presence. Just don’t wanna see the two of you hurt. So stop with the secretive bullshit and talk to the guy.”
,” Tony accused again.
Impossible. It was
“And if he did?” Natasha asked.
There had been a moment, on the Helicarrier, when he’d thought about letting Bucky Barnes fall into that river—let him drown, let him die for what he had done to Steve. Of course, that moment didn’t last. Letting your husband’s best friend die? Probably not the best move. The moment had been gone as fast as it had come, and within seconds, JARVIS had plucked Barnes right out of the air and brought him to the towers’ medical floor.
And then he advanced again, eyes cautious but resolute. Like he had made the decision to do something potentially unpleasant, and was now determined to see it through. Steve drew in a surprised breath and then, his body was suddenly crushed against an armful of Bucky.
to go camping.”
Fury wasn’t any better. Truth, at times, was easy to overlook in the face of overwhelming obstacles. Rules were changed when circumstances changed.
“We did,” Steve confirmed, the thoughts in his head running wild. Then, he remembered something. “And the press conference?”
Tony grabbed something that looked like the sleeping bag and went to the exit. “Night, everyone.”
His fingers probed the walls around him, and it did not take him long to realize the box was not just a box at all. It was some sort of container. And the cold hard material that his body rested on was melting ice. That was when shock ended, and he fully grasped the horror of his situation.
To the head.
Instead, the slow glide of Steve and the feather-light touches on his cock had the room spinning.
“Still very charming,” he commented, then walked up to Steve with raised hands.
“Look, I don’t wanna do this right now,” Tony blurted. He
“Shouldn’t you be done with that by now?” Tony asked. “You know you’re not required to know about
. “No. We really aren’t.”
He wasn’t sure how to do that without doing at least some minor damage, and
“It’s the ‘most haunted’ haunted house,” Natasha added, scrolling on some website on her smartphone. “It’s got dead girls and dead wives, and a dead couple, and a lot of dead men.”
