Sherlock is looking at him now and
station construction invading 221B while the two men finish their breakfast in front of the mail they're meticulously opening.
John half smiles and Sherlock drinks his tea, the steam getting lost in his dark curls hanging over his forehead, eyes closed, a hand resting on his right hip. There's just the noise of the
Sherlock presses the hand on the latch and it's the same as months ago, except the sheets are a different color, Sherrer's pictures on stage are replaced by pictures of some woman's holiday and the scrawled scores by decorating magazines. The detective doesn't even seem to look at these new elements before he invades the room, going directly to the cupboards. He opens the first one and John accelerates his step to come look over his shoulder, but they only discover a mess of clothes and shoes. Sherlock closes it, takes two steps to the left and opens the second where they discover the fuse box, a dusty vacuum cleaner and cardboard boxes on which is written "PHILIPP". Sherlock smiles (and John can see it even from where from he's placed) and removes his coat which he throws on the bed before bending to take out the boxes, helped by the doctor. They grumble a little because the cardboards are heavy and the thick carpet doesn't allow them to slide, and as John is more muscled anyway, it's him who eventually carries them up to the foot of the bed which Sherlock points at.
John is his instrument and of him, Sherlock can make whatever he wants. That's what invades the doctor's mind, that's what sends Barrow flying, the rent for 221B which will be harder to pay now than before. That's what makes him forget all the troubles without spelling that which keeps him on the ground with all their unbearable gravity.
"Change of topic," John confirms by energetically nodding the head.
"Why did you do it, Sherlock? You're incapable of consoling a father of whom we took the son and yet you feel sorry for a woman whom her husband cheats on?"
"Lestrade - concentrate - we are here to speak about Sherrer and it would be very impolite to speak about something else in this grieving room."
His nose finally out of the stifling air of Waterloo Station, John inhales and rapidly turns his head from left to right on York Road, before crossing over the street. On his watch, it's 7.24 PM, showing, once again, he left home way too early. It's not like he had a choice.
he bumped into in the hall. It's clear that they're currently seated on the cheapest seats. So, why did Sherlock chose them?
"What do you want, John?"
"Nice place," tells John without thinking, nodding his head.
Maybe the tub is larger than in Baker Street and will allow him to soak both his feet and back.
"Then he was seated on the left side of the stage, is that correct?" asks John who tries to remember the room.
"Eh?" answers John, raising his head before Sherlock finishes his sentence.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I hope that you have all that you need. We are now leaving. Doctor, inspector," she greets before looking scornfully at Sherlock from top to bottom, without managing to tell him one word.
"It's okay, Sherlock, it was... "
He slowly stirs the spoon in his cup when he thinks of the smell of the cupboard mixed with Sherlock's cologne that he always knew but had never smelt so close. But of all his senses which were on the alert that evening, Sherlock's touch remains the one which still gives him this sort of ball in his stomach every time he thinks about it. The heat of Sherlock against him, on his back, on his stomach, along his left hand. The underlying warmth of a too big, too white body against his, too small, much too submitted. Because how passive John was—it's not something which he thought about, it's rather something that he let happen, guided by an instinct which already brought him back alive from more dangerous situations. And maybe that is the reason for his acceptance.
They waited for several long minutes whilst the only sound was the theatrical whispering of the criminal which echoed in the vast room, shutting up the lapping of a water where John imagined he was going to die, again and again. In front of him, Sherlock was still pointing his gun on the prohibitive suit. It was stupid and completely disconcerting to see how much of their lives, and deaths too, for the three of them, summarised to the first detective's phalanx.
06:23 PM
Sherlock catches his coat and faces the doctor;
He has only flashes but he sees himself being carried in an ambulance. He remembers being asked his name, and answering
The doctor looks at them both one last time, writes something on John's folder and puts it back on the bedside table before he leaves the room. Sherlock comes next to John and rests a hand on the headboard before he leans.
"I'd like for you to call my lawyer now, please."
“But did he know was going to die?” John can't help to ask, because this story is simply absurd.
"Shut up," Sherlock says and this time,
He had never hidden them, nevertheless if he knew very well that Sherlock would look for them everywhere in the apartment, he especially knew that his flatmate would never come up to his bedroom. It's a kind of silent rule they both agreed on from the first day the doctor moved in, even if they've never spoken about it. In spite of all the hackings of his computer and the ruined dates, this respect for his intimacy is probably the most beautiful present that Sherlock has ever given him. John wonders if he's presently giving him the most beautiful of presents in return.
John and Sherlock look at each other and they don't say a single word because there's nothing to say. Sherlock is the first one to move, climbing the stairs up to the balcony where Moriarty is waiting for them.
John puts down the horn with a medical precaution and gets up in his turn to look at their empty seats, a few meters from there.
"Sherlock says that s-somewhere in my brain there is a memory of what happened w-when Mr. Sherrer was killed."
Of course, he finds at first his flatmate's website, which he's looking at more by reflex than from real curiosity because he knows it by heart already. On the results page, his blog comes in the second position and it makes him laugh how everybody is associating them, as if they were salt and pepper (in this precise case, of course Sherlock would be the pepper; bearable in small dose and always fiery). He already knows all that, then he types '
The information probably won’t arrive to the great big brain, but it seemed wrong not to tell him; as much as looking at the naked shoulder for eighteen seconds seems wrong. John is not sure he’s already seen Sherlock in a short-sleeved tee-shirt. This one is ridiculously up, like a sailor showing a lady of pleasure his “Mom” tattoo on his right shoulder. And this damn gravity that comes back, against which he can't counter. His hand releases the sheet and lands on the cold skin. Gently, articulation by articulation, right before his palm perfectly fits closed over the rounded shape and his fingers carefully grasp.
The attack might be easier to forget if the scar wasn't so impressive. As it's often the case with M-16 cartridges, the bullet drilled straight through his body. It's always difficult to believe but the mark from where the projectile went out is much more voluminous than from where it entered. So, it's because John Watson turned his back on his aggressor for only one second that the biggest, most terrible scar is on his right collarbone. In this still pink and thick mark, there's an aftertaste of sand, the humming of Matthew's bloodstained prayers, the memory of death which rested a finger on him.
He examines the last line a few necessary seconds to help him realize this is really happening, that they arrived on this damn island to see him laid down on a stainless steel table, grey and immobile, and Sherlock doesn't realize. He gives back the notebook to the receptionist who thanks him with a pale smile, then he turns around from the desk to bring them toward the door Sherlock never stopped looking at.
“We're in an observatory, John.”
Note: Hi everyone. This is the second to last chapter I'm publishing on FanFiction. The story is 27 chapters long but I won't publish chapter 26 and 27 on FanFiction, you'll be able to find them on AO3 though, where I'm publishing the story too. So Brave, So Quiet is one of my biggest adventure when it comes to FanFiction. I wrote it in French then I translated it in English. I enjoyed every second I spent writing or translating it... and then there's the publication.
The detective and Benjamin Cox, their bodies turned to the wall, are standing in front of the sofa which they have covered with papers and photos of all kinds, interconnected by red and blue wires. It seems there is a lack of space on the sofa, and the coffee table is covered under piles of clippings. And John could make an effort not to shout - really, he could - if the rest of the room was not a visual cacophony of falling cardboard, cut papers and clothes thrown like simple rags on the ground.
Moriarty dramatically turns his back on him and walks on, nose pointing at the growing stars. John doesn't move, eyes going from Moriarty's back to Sherlock's eyes he's silently interrogating. Of course John won't leave, it's out of the question. He won't ever leave Sherlock behind. Sherlock opens his lips but he doesn't have time to talk because Moriarty is already grabbing his arm under his, pulling him on a walk around the balcony.
"Very well," concludes the detective by folding up the plan and giving it to John.
"Yeah," he sadly answers, looking one last time behind his shoulder before following the doctor.
" he shouts again toward Sherlock and Sherlock only.
Away. -J
"Yes, my husband, his father, is in Korea for professional reasons."
The corridor's wooden floor creaks and the doctor raises his eyes. Sherlock finally comes out of his room, still dressed, his eyes a bit puffy - doubtlessly pressed for too long behind the microscope which disappeared from the kitchen table a few weeks ago. They greet each other with a nod before the detective looks down towards the papers which sprinkle the ground, and bends to catch one between his long fingers.
In three big steps the detective is in the hallway, his coat in one hand, his keys in the other one. He's almost sure John didn't notice his voice was shivering.
"Sherlock !" calls Lestrade, raising his voice. "Before we find the people who were seated in those damn seats, I'm prohibiting you to talk about the murder at Molly's birthday tomorrow, are we clear?"
Vaguely. -SH
"Somewhere over there, I believe," indicates Jennings by crushing his dirty finger on two seats, and at least neither Sherlock nor John need to take out a felt-tip to make a mark.
He has to leave it closed. With one jump he gets up and leaves the sheets still wearing his scent, which he doesn't recognise anymore, and opens the door - the only one he has the right to touch the handle of - before going down to the kitchen.
Don't ever say that again, Sherlock. I'm serious. -J
“Slept well,” confirms the detective, following the sign that leads them to the highway.
"Of course, John. Everybody."
"What happened?"
can act like this is incredibly creepy.
"Maybe, maybe not..." Moriarty distractedly answers, now very focused on his iPod. "Maybe I went on a cruise on the Leman lake. Or maybe I was searching through your bedroom when you were interrogating the Walsh sisters.”
"You've been looking at Molly's friends for an eternity... is there a problem?"
“Nonsense, John, I can properly –” The hand he's pulling apart from the wheel is violently hit by the doctor's. Immediate surrender.
Today it's been three weeks that John arrived at the hospital. Sherlock sleeps a few nights a week at Baker Street. Not tonight. He's here when, at midnight, John's face is covered with sweat and tears and it's his hand which is passing a cold towel on his forehead. For once, John can loosen his jaw.
"Is the car accident reliable?"
"You did that on purpose," grimaces the ex-soldier, short on breath and eyes half-shut because of the luminosity.
"For God's sake, Sherlock, open your eyes,
"A pathetic comedian," adds Sherlock without mercy before getting up on his feet and dusting his knees with a disdainful look. "I did research on the Internet. Sherrer has been in several lower-end shows. For the posterity, it's better to remember him as a musician from the London orchestra."
The doctor has a half smile and Sherlock nods once before walking into the living room.
"Well I won't force you, then. But this is the last time I'm warning you: for the sake of everybody, follow me."
The flatmates lower their eyes, slightly ashamed, and John can see in Sherlock's tense attitude the young man understands his sociopathy has taken over again.
We're texting each other so you're reading me* -SH
... But an umbrella.
"Among other things."
"I help you go faster!" the detective gets indignant, opening his mouth wide.
He goes back to his bedroom, but sticks his head in to hold Sherlock's attention before he disappears on his side.
Against the concrete, her small heels click and click, in the stunning echo of the stairwell. Sherlock breaths deeply in and, now that they're alone. John sits down on the place where Walsh was and does the same until they are stuck shoulder against shoulder. They remain silent for a long time, looking at the grey wall, before John sighs, absolutely exhausted:
“Do you want me to drive?” hastens to ask the doctor whose fantasies made him dizzy with a furious need to recite his Hail Mary and Our Father in a loop.
"Well life's unfair!" Jim screams like a father scolding his child who doesn't want to finish his soup while kids are starving in Third Word Countries. "Besides, what other choice did I have to make you come here, Sherlock?"
"Sure, I'll join you," she warmly smiles the detective.
"There's no pictures of him as a musician."
When Sherlock closes the door, everything has of course a taste of deja-vu. But at least today they didn't argue. John opens his eyes. Sleep: he thought about it but it never came. In the darkness, he only distinguishes the detective's edges that seem to dance. The clothing touching the ground is the only clue. He must be putting on his pajamas now. He takes care of the coat he's hanging on the peg and finally the bed pitches on the left side. He lies down and John can see his eyes are wide open.
"Me neither. I leave it to both of you," says Lestrade without looking at them, much too occupied by the log which he tries to make catch fire.
“Already? Shit, we're going to miss the last boat!”
"Yep, there was definitely something weird in your herbal tea... "
The two flatmates look at each other for a long time and in each other's eyes, they can read the new and obvious anxiety which makes them live. In front of the man killed in the middle of the representation, John breathes out between his slightly opened lips and finally whispers:
You think I'm a moron, Sherlock, but I can guarantee you that I'm not. -J
"We're sleeping together."
John sighs and nods. Focused on Lestrade’s story, he forgot about the pain and the tiredness. He shivers and stretches out a hand to his tea of which he’s swallowing the bitter end.
"Hem, yes, of course, well I work here actually," says the man, with a saddened smile.
"Well, I did
?" she asks with a laugh so noisy that John moves back by reflex.
"What is that supposed to mean?"
"We came to see Sherrer's..."
"Obviously, why would she have attended the previous five performances otherwise?"
11:03 PM
It's been the case since Sherlock raised his hand, his finger approaching the collarbone marked by a bullet and a bad operation, which the ex-soldier will remember all his life. He hadn't touched John but that didn't prevent the blond-haired man from feeling him, more than ever. It's because the youngest man spoke about the scar without feigned fascination that this moment remains engraved in his memory, as if a bad boy would have written his name on the classroom's wooden table with a Stanley knife. And Sherlock is a brat, everybody knows that.
. And I hope you like murders as there'll be one in the next chapter... Meanwhile, have a nice week dear readers!
"He was there and I thought he had a stroke, and..." stutters a trembling man with a face whiter than his shirt.
"Benjamin loves classical music..."
Sheri Walsh lied. It's what John repeats in his head, his thumb against the plastic tip of his pen which he's constantly pressing on. She had nevertheless something so soft, so fragile, something which had woken the instinct of the ex-soldier, like a need to protect her.
"I think that Angie Walsh could make a good detective. Sheri Walsh was
"Because you think that she would have been able to kill Sherrer?"
"Are you going to ask me for it, every time?" asks John, without any hostility in his voice.
"Of course, Clara," he sighs, slightly disappointed he didn't understand it earlier. "But what did she say to you, that made you accept it?"
I meant, what his job is. -J
Hello dear readers. Many thanks for the latest comments and kudos - 212 oh my God, you guys are the best! As you already know, all the streets I'm mentioning really do exist and as I'm now living in London thanks to my work, I'll be able to
"Ah yeah, singing recital. Thus it's settled, you're replacing me, great, see you tomorrow then!"
The blond raises an eyebrow, his mouth hidden in the collar of his jacket which he raised, his left hand inside his pocket's warmth.
The other night, when you said you were touching yourself, thinking about me. Why? -SH
08:26 PM
He could scientifically explain how Benjamin is different from them (an extra chromosome which upsets everything) but Sherlock already knows that. He doesn't have the words because he has no explanation; and in a way, Sherlock is right. It's strange to receive a lesson of life from Sherlock Holmes, it's not something John Watson would have thought possible. It's even crazier how this man never stops surprising him. He opens his lips, still a bit unsure of what he is going to answer (probably excuses, because he only knows to act that way when he hurts Sherlock) when Gregory comes back in the office, so furious that he immediately explodes:
"A private hospital?" Clara wonders, pinching her lips. "You know, there's a center in Southall, a few miles away from my home. It's Todd Benter who opened it a few years ago. "
John frowns his eyebrows but Sherlock is still not looking at him. In his blithe posture, there are only his eyes which seem awake, fixed on an uncertain point among the dancing bodies that are moving slower, to the rhythm of the new song. The older man turns around, puts his elbow on the back of the chair and observes. On the dance floor, it's a mix of laughter, alcohol and shoulders pressed one against another, but in the middle, arms in the air and the hips waving, there's a young mixed race woman, with hair dark as the night tied in a ponytail and big brown eyes, who is wearing a turtle neck. By standing beside the sleeveless t-shirt and estival dresses, everyone is looking at her. By moving her hips that way,
"Sherlock, help me," John murmurs over his shoulder, and the detective catches the woman's left arm to take them outside.
, and thank you so much you're an angel.
"Oh, I would have to kill you if I answered that question," Mycroft explains with a smile which betrays the fact that he doesn't seem totally against this idea.
"Of course I do, next to the pressure-cooker and my Aston Martin."
The brown-haired man looks at his flatmate for one second and stops tidying up his instrument, answering:
"I didn't know that you were going to question a suspect."
True. But, you know. -J
, suddenly very quiet, perfectly mastered - the sad proof that she's used to this for far too long - and comes to unbutton the first button of his shirt before putting her hands on the plump cheeks. John runs up without waiting, takes the wrist of the youngest one to feel his pulse, and makes a sign to Gregory to tell him to open a window. From memory, he knows the fragile health of people with Down syndrome and that cardiac problems are frequent, then, they must be careful.
Sherlock, standing on the sofa, takes his telephone out of his pocket. He strums on it before reading aloud his discoveries:
Lestrade tightens his thumbs on the plasticized card, nearly sticks his nose on it and wrinkles his eyes, trying to decipher the real name of the engineer:
to find pleasure in inactivity. At least once. With his mouse, he follows the shaking
The doctor opens his eyes and looks for the first time at the face overhanging him. It's an obvious fact, of course, Sherlock is magnificent, but he has never been so
11:28 PM
“Bloody hell…” he concludes before leaning to John. “A few years ago I worked on a case for Mycroft Holmes. I screwed up, I was on the sideline and ready to spend ten years on traffic control and Mycroft took advantage of it to blackmail me: I was supposed to take care of his little brother who had just come out of rehab and in exchange he was doing his best to promote me to be a DI. Luckily, Sherlock and I got along, it was weeks after my divorce so I was actually glad to have someone home. I took him with me on the field, I also taught him to say
Sherlock and John share a knowing look.
"Mrs. Cox, can we speak in front of Benjamin or do you want us to speak in private, if it's easier?"
"You're thinking."
But there's this bullet,
yet? No? Well do it right now and be amazed by this marvel :). See you in two weeks!
"Moriarty."
"I don't do that anymore, too many back problems."
11:13 AM
But it's not stupid, of course. It's exactly what Sherlock wants.
He hangs up with his thumb and puts the telephone delicately on his desk before leaning on his closed fists, murmuring raucously with a voice much more creepy than when he shouted:
"Oh come on, Anderson, if we wanted to recreate the murder identically, I would have chosen a victim with a brain to explode."
file is neatly tidied. Many are available, depending on the information evolutions (for example, the
Their giggles are so loud the feathered fauna buzzes off right away.
"No way! Mad as you are, you're really going to get me shot!" answers Anderson, already standing, ready to run away.
Oh gosh. Almost one year since the last update, I'm so sorry everyone. But as promised, this fic isn't abandoned and I'll try to update the 5 remaining chapters asap! Thank you for your support and a huge thanks to
"You should listen to your friend and leave,
The forensic gives a fake laugh and jumps up through the musicians by mumbling a series of
There's something so cold in his voice that an offensive silence invades the ground floor. John shakes his head once and turns back before Lestrade manages to read the embarrassment on his serious face. He begins to walk up the stairs when the voice of his landlady calls out:
Because a monster can commit the worst crimes, it's in his nature. But that a
His small eyes go wide open before he looks at his flatmate, who seems as astonished as him in a dumbfounded manner. In the kitchen, the atmosphere is so embarrassing John can readily recognise the fragrance Holmes spreads every time he talks in public.
Because here they are. Sherlock is deducing.
"You never heard of it?"
"No, thank you."
10:06 PM
"A bit tight, aren't we?"
You're simply, totally, undoubtedly strange.-J
) that he puts his hand on the scar which he cannot even cover as a whole. It's not specially cold or hot. It's there and it's already too much. That doesn't last for a long time; it seems Sherlock just wants to make sure that it well and truly exists before he moves closer to the armchair on which he takes his place again. Tilted forward, elbows pressed on his knees, he starts again:
"Harry isn't with you?"
"And would you let me tie them behind your back?"
"Well, precisely, then act like one and face your responsibilities. See you tomorrow, good evening," concludes John in a last effort toward politeness. While he turns around, ready to put all of this behind him (including his files) and to finally return back home, it's Barrow's nasally voice that says the one thing that no one on this damn earth really wants to hear.
John Watson understands Sherlock Holmes won't fall, because Sherlock Holmes just wants to look down. It's how Sherlock Holmes works, far away from people, but closer to things, distant from living beings, protected by winds the brave -but not reckless- won't even try to cross.
"Impossible, the bullet did touch the back of Sherrer's skull, you saw it for yourself."
"I'll try to remember it."
At least working here isn't too difficult to manage, which really is good news because John's spirit has absolutely no more capacity for concentration on this part of his life, lately. When he asks Mr. Carlisle to cough, for example, he thinks about Benjamin's jerky breath. When he verifies the eczema of Mrs. Lang's youngest daughter, it's Sheri and her shy reddened cheek that comes back to his mind. And when he sits down behind his office and he waits alone for his next patient, it's Sherlock of whom he thinks.
“What happened?”
"Do you got your period or something?"
And that makes John's teeth grind. He drops his head on his thick pillow, letting out a long and pointlessly noisy sigh. In front of him, there's the old cracked ceiling. In his hand, there's the mobile. He puts it in front of his face before answering:
"Yes... It is a vulgar young woman."
I can't blame you for not understanding something, for once. The fact that some people accept to work with him everyday amazes me. -SH
"Sh-Sherlock..."
big brother I’m hiding here?” he asks, hardly holding back a laugh.
"Yes. Yes I understand."
"For Christ's sake, Sherlock, don't mess around with that, just wear a condom every time you... you know. Especially because you..."
You know what I mean? -J
The detective doesn't answer, hands on the small metallic rail where he is held, eyes scanning those of the suspects. Lestrade apparently managed to convince Mrs. Cox to stay, because she's back in her chair next to her son, but both of them put on their jackets, ready to leave as soon as someone will give them the opportunity.
"S... Sibelius," Sherlock manages to choke. That has the effect of a slap on Lestrade, who finally seems to realize his gesture before releasing the detective who nearly collapses.
“I know, John, we talked about it for fours. But he didn’t place any snipers. Since the reconstitution at the Royal Festival Hall he hired henchmen to protect us and one of them noticed you were being followed, the morning you went to Scotland Yard. He wanted to get you out of London to protect you and…”
11:52 PM
"He has not killed you in your sleep yet. It is very impressive, you know," answers John, getting back the file which the detective puts against his chest.
10:07 PM
"Wait for me outside," dictates the detective by considering the door opened to his friend who half-opens his lips, but he immediately stops him with three small words. "It's an order."
He greets them, kisses Mrs. Hudson’s cheek and leaves. Sherlock stands up and theatrically turns around without even noticing it (that’s the worst part of it, he doesn’t even realise he does so) and walks to the bathroom, followed by John. Andy is telling Mrs. Hudson how the dirt caused by the renovation works at the Royal Observatory of Greenwich is daily damaging his asphodel shoots but John barely hears them as he’s entering the room and feels Sherlock catching him by his valid shoulders before putting him against a wall. He kisses him harshly and against his lips, John recognizes the taste of fear. They don’t even close the door and uses each other’s mouth to cover their moans. Sherlock is pressing his body with his own and it’s killing his shoulder - he couldn’t care less. With his valid hand, he holds the detective’s neck and firmly holds it to be sure Sherlock won’t leave.
The blond man thanks him with a nod and leans against the least used counter before slowly savouring his green tea with subtle flavors of grapefruit.
"Well, I hope the marshmallows weren't a bad idea... Who wants some?" announces Mrs. Hudson, returning with the pudding which she puts on the table.
," corrects John, teeth clenched with anger.
"But on the other hand it's completely okay to make out here?" the DI exclaims, perfectly shocked.
. Thank you so much, for everything, you know how I adore you.
"Sherlock..." calls John, trying to calm down his friend at the same time as his own heart.
Sherlock would have been a soldier - not a high-ranking officer, going by his not slender stature. John, a Captain, would have noticed him for sure, because a tall man with such beautiful eyes and improbable cheekbones would have never been able to walk around unnoticed. In Bastion, he met so many rude people that Sherlock and his aristocratic way of talking would have clashed, like a gold nugget in the middle of the mud. They would have seen each other only once, one evening when they met for a rendezvous in John's bedroom, after John had murmured to him how he could be found when meeting him in the canteen.
, like
“If you fall, I’ll catch you, John.”
The detective presses his phone in his hand and sighs. Changing the conversation subject is a hateful habit from Mycroft.
"Especially because I what?" wonders the brown-haired man, kneeling right beside John, without worrying that some dust might tarnish his pants.
"I was just wondering, that's all."
"Oh yes, definitely."
Will Sherlock Holmes, one day, get everything he wanted from living with John Watson and, satisfied with the memories filed up in his Mind Palace, grow tired of him? The thought is unhealthy, yet it repeats mentally inside the doctor, and to anchor himself in the present which seems to want to escape from his fingers, he puts his hands on the detective's thighs and hangs on to it.
"Ah yes, yes, here's your mail."
"I said: is everything all right? You look exhausted. Both of you," Gregory repeats, putting both ordered coffees on his desk.
“Are you okay?”
He seals his lips again, as if they panicked at the idea of being separated. Sherlock looks at him, silent, motionless; he will not precipitate things. It belongs to John to make the first step.
Anna Sanchez pinches her lips in such a controlled way that John can only mentally bow before the deductions of his friend; only women with tainted honour know how to hide their feelings.
09:33 AM
am the one in charge."
“I beg your pardon?” Sherlock glances at his roommate, but he's passing a truck, so his gaze immediately goes back to the road.
“No.”
"... No, it's all right, I don't mind."
The detective put his long fingers one against another in his traditional thinking pose, looking at the blond haired man with attention.
Sherlock, on his knees in front of him, doesn't close his eyes once. They inspect every centimeter of John's skin, the hair on his chest, the scars, of course, but also all the offenses which have no marks but which seem to teem under the epidermis, aged by inevitable years. He still has his hands on the doctor's thighs but his forefingers aren't touching him. They are raised, as if irresistibly attracted by the chest which came to light. He's preventing himself from touching him, that's easy enough for John to tell.
) but it's a new level now and even if it's clear that the brown-haired man acted to prevent John from speaking, the doctor cannot ignore the thumb which caresses his denim for one second.
that. Furthermore, the interrogation is not finished, Benjamin was going to speak. I am sure that he saw something he didn't have time to tell me."
Sherlock stopped pacing and smiled. It was one of those smiles where he only raised the left corner of his mouth, blocking in a rictus and creating a subtle dimple where all John's oh-so-very-manly will seemed to get lost, before he started his incessant walk again, his eyes fixed on the screen.
The detective instinctively turns his head, finger still pointing at Mycroft. His eyes are slightly bulged and he has this sort of madness in them, characteristic of the deductive genius starting up.
"Good evening, Mrs. Hudson."
"It's okay, it's o-okay..."
"Actually it's number 16," she corrects without raising her eyes.
“Sure, why not,” he lies, rolling his eyes, to make her shut up.
10:55 PM
"Good morning."
"Well, Cain and Abel, even if it's very pleasing that you forgot about my existence, I'm going to leave you. Move, Sherlock, please," John grimaces, tapping the thigh of his flatmate under the cover to tell him that it's time to think about moving.
"Easy..."
"I did nothing to him, I acted completely natural," the youngest curses, pinching a rope in an improbable sound.
It's soon forgotten when Sherlock finds an open service entrance. They walk through a small corridor, brand new given the whiteness of the walls which is burning their eyes, and they slow down their pace to not make any noise. They end up on another hallway, larger, and all the doors facing them make them sigh.
On the first floor, the doors are already open and the feeble light of this September end of the day is the vestige of a too short summer the Londoners already regret. Sherlock, seated at the desk settled between the two windows, types with his long fingers on the keyboard on a computer which is actually his. It's so memorable John dithers to crack open a bottle of champagne.
“It's Gregory.”
"If you're correctly dressed, I don't see why I would mind."
"I won't do it, I already have plans for tonight."
"Where are we going?"
"Could we speak about it?"
"You don't want your strawberry compote?"
"So stop this."
. It's not what she said. It's what she
Hi everyone! I hope you're all doing well. First, thank you for your last comments and kudos (wow 308, it's like 309 more that I ever thought I'd get). Today I'm presenting you chapter 17 made of, approximately, 98% of pure smut including a riding-crop (but no pain, yep, I managed to do so somehow), dirty talk and some praise kink. Well, in short: here comes the rating E! Don't forget to write a review if you like it, I'll be thrilled to know what you guys thought about it :) And of course, I can't help but thanking the one and only,
In 221B's staircase, John's steps resound like the drums of the soldiers' first line advancing on the battlefield. He pushes the door they almost never use, the one which gives into the kitchen, and finds himself face to face with his flatmate, seated on the other side of the table, hands on the microscope where his right eye was still concentrated one second ago. Sherlock's wearing a dark blue suit from which the collar lapel is covered with a black velvet. He also wears a tie of the same blue, decorated with a multitude of hardly perceptible grey points and John raises his eyebrows in front of the nonsense of such a dichotomy between their clothes. Sherlock and he are facing each other without a word because John's breath is obscene enough to invade the room with all its unbearable presence. He sniffs, keeps at the bottom of his ardent throat all of the insults that the punch in the nose he gave to his superior inspired in him, and the lips of the detective just have to open so that he grumbles with a husky voice:
"John."
"Can you concentrate on Sherrer, and Sherrer only, for once?"
"Sheri still thinks her sister is a child, Angie thinks her sister is a woman of easy virtue; same old, same old. Do we have the identity of the boyfriend?"
Sherlock's chair scraps the ground and his body leans to John. He covers him with his arms and kisses his eyes, temples, forehead and lips.
for her amazing job! I hope you guys will like this chapter as much as I liked to write it. I must say, writing smut in English has always been one of my goal in life. It's a dream coming true :). Enjoy your reading dear readers and I'd love to know what you think about this chapter!
"What do you want, Mycroft?" Johns asks, already exhausted by this ridiculous meeting.
Everything in his gestures betrays unease in such an obvious way that it's fascinating. John's seated, too, and takes by mimicry the same position as the suspect, but his legs don't tremble. There's only the DI who's left standing; Sherlock's in front of Steele and he's looking straight in his eyes, a shade of a smile covering his lips. He hasn't said a word since they entered the room, and John has the sensation that his friend is taking his time. Why don't they put Steele in jail already...
He was already straightening himself up before being fully conscious of it. With his eyes bitten by night, he saw in front of him the door wide open, the catch confined in the detective's hand, standing on his feet and still fully dressed, his gaze as sharp as a microscope's.
terminal is being settled, the ex-soldier quickens his pace and enters 221B. In the small dark hallway, Mrs. Hudson, a bin bag at his feet, frantically cleans the glass of her apartment door, mumbling about Mrs. Perkins' nephew who put his greasy fingers on it, before leaving his chocolate candy paper on the wooden floor.
The ex-soldier brushed all of his thoughts aside before coming back to the humid reality of his trousers, which were sticking to his right leg. A quick gaze to his flatmate who was on his feet in front of him, and his face as white as the tiles, permitted a tiny smile on the detective's face. They were maybe going to die, but at least it was perfectly clear that nothing that was happening in the empty pool was even remotely normal. Great; at least John didn't have the impression he became entirely crazy.
06:23 PM
John nods, closing his eyes, but when the pressure on his collarbone gets painful he knows what he has to do:
John nods -uselessly- and finds his way to the kitchen where he discovers a clean table, however scattered with crumbs, and an empty sink. He doesn't comment out loud this remarkable change and walks to the kettle he fills to overflowing, smiling as he doesn't have to contort the object to avoid pans and other utensils usually filling the sink.
"Any chance that you knew the victim?" tries John with a tired laugh.
“No, Sherlock, I'm not going to leave you here, you're not a dog. Get in the passenger side and - oh screw it, go sit behind me, I don't want to see you anymore.”
"Shit, Jennings, I thought you were a pervert. Stop coming here in a grey raincoat, it really is suspicious."
. Sherlock was so disappointed when they appeared in her. One misstep, one mistake and all that was making Irene her made Irene become like
The oldest raises his head but that doesn't change the doctor's mind.
"Is he..."
"I questioned all the suspects, I followed them,
where noses hit by the beginning of October play hide and seek. He doesn't have time to turn around in search of Sherlock Holmes in the vast hall that the vibration against his left side already makes him smile.
10:34 PM
Sherlock raises eyes to the sky again, dangerously close to the eye cramp, and moves closer to John near the door, ready to leave as soon as they can. The ex-soldier crosses his hands in front of him and rocks from his heels up to the point of his feet before murmuring to Sherlock:
, who is doing an amazing job, fixing all my French mistakes. She's the reason I can publish my stories, so, lots of love and thanks to her!
"It's pronounced Lulïet Fejzullakh," Steele corrects and he doesn't tremble any more, seems extremely tired and old, suddenly. The voice of Gregory has to resound, so that John finally understands:
They remain silent for a few terrible long minutes, and it's officially the most bloody awakening time of John Watson's life.
The detective nods briefly and goes to the bedroom with John. The room is quite big and, just as the living-room, it's an example in regards to tidying up. The bed doesn't have a fold - which John's forehead is automatically jealous of - the drawer is cluttered with partitions of which are exceeding yellow and pink Post-its and on the left, next to the wooden desk, there's a broken music stand with a felt hat on top of it that looks kind of ludicrous.
They're looking at each other, Sherlock overhanging him with all his magnificent height, and in his body sunk in the seat which rocked him so many times, John feels his heart echoing like a wild animal in his cage made of bone, in the stitches of his pullover, in every fiber of his armchair. He doesn't use his mouth, because sometimes words are too much, vulgar, the sounds aggressive and interpretable. And John wants no artifice. He simply nods his head, and to move the muscles of his neck has never given him this strange and slightly addicting impression that he has jumped into space.
With his free hand, he catches a box (a blue, simple one) but his look is already on the one to the right, orange and pink.
gaze, but it's just a shrug which the oldest Watson answers him with.
“Of course, I'm not a monster,” the murderer says back, offended.
," Sherlock's pale imitation plays with a smooth voice.
09:01 AM
"What is your safeword?" asks Sherlock.
John puts his mountain of dishes in the busy kitchen sink and turns around towards the lounge where his flatmate is finally leaving his armchair. Sherlock has his eyebrows slightly frowned and his teeth are biting hard on his lower lip. It's rare to see the detective doubting, but when it happens, bloody hell that's creepy.
"And how did you know I was planning to go to that representation?" Sherlock asks, looking at Moriarty.
"Brilliant," answer the two other men with one voice, fixing the detective with a proud smile on his lips.
11:16 PM
Extra, billion thanks to
The need to hurl, spellbinding, total. But lack of oxygen and strength. Wet torso. Right hand... immobile. Not an eye opened yet.
“Good.”
John Watson would have been thrilled to take the wheel, Sherlock has no doubt. This is exactly why he decided to drive.
The doctor cannot refrain from smiling and replies immediately.
Sherlock looked at him getting up, replacing his mistreated jumper under the parka and put his mobile back in his pocket. There they were, alone and despite the Semtex, the guns and the little red dancing dots on their chests, they were alive, so everything was fine. With a hand cold for staying too long on the tile, John massaged his neck with his head hanging back, his eyes wide open, staring at a crackling light bulb he hadn't noticed before. Sherlock probably detected it as soon as he entered the pool. Because Sherlock Holmes was always seeing everything by dint of observing shamelessly, exactly as he was doing now, scrutinising John's face as if it was a common bacterium placed under his microscope.
He interlaces their fingers in a possessive gesture and the smell which surrounds them is a confusion of washing powder, cologne, and male skin, as if Sherlock's movements are themselves transformed into a fragrance meant to intoxicate the doctor a bit more.
"I finished my day, Mark."
"What post does your husband occupy?"
.' Except this time, it's actually what happened.
John is practically certain Sherlock's smile meant
"What about the gun?"
"Seriously, do they teach you how to write this badly at medical school?"
That makes the doctor laugh. He shakes his head slightly, before subsiding a little more in his armchair.
"We're going to see a Philharmonic concert together now. My God, people will talk."
So, seated on the humid tiles which were soaking the bottom of his trousers, only a few meters away from the green parka which was keeping him warm a few seconds ago, he asked himself why the resounded song was only giving him a trembling heart and an awful feeling of sickness.
But of course John can't look away while he dives into the shady water of Sherlock's eyes in which he drowns himself without remembering how to breathe. He doesn't need to look at his own body to feel the dichotomy; he's old and marked, and Sherlock's of an impertinent beauty. It's maybe because he has in mind the absurd cliché that the oldest body should be the one in charge that he finds this situation such a delicious indecency.
“Sherlock, your nose is bleeding...”
The hands close around the wrists of the soldier and squeeze, hard. They could squeeze so much more and it's exactly what John's thinking about, everything that could be so much
Sherlock stops a few steps after, seems to sigh by the sight of his shoulders going down, and turns around before getting closer to John. He harpoons with his gaze he barely wrinkle despite the luminosity.
The doctor's eyes open wide under the surprise and his hand falters for one second before holding on to his face more firmly. Sherlock's way too close and there's way too many people around them, it's so troubling John wants to jump backwards, but he won't do that to please him. They glare at one another intensely, fighting each other with their gazes, a silent battle to see who will back down first. John doesn't move at all, both of his feet planted firmly on the ground, as if they are anchored in quick sand.
"Your child," interrupts John with a quiet voice.
"I was checking if there were some seats left."
see that coming... That settles the mystery of Sheri Walsh's lie. It's good, for lack of arresting real criminals, we destroy lives of people who hurt nobody."
"If you cover my mouth, how will I be able to use my safeword?"
“Me? No...” smiles John, looking through the window at the two tourists they nearly knocked over.
He separates their mouths, quits caressing the warm cheek, and opens his eyes. Sherlock never closed them.
09:12 PM
Hi everyone! Thank you for the last reviews, kudos and bookmarks, you guys are the best :) Of course I can't publish anything without saying a HUGE thank you to my amazing beta
"That's the most important thing. I gave you an order to which you answered without waiting. Of course, I doubt that everything will be as easy but it's a good beginning."
"You're a little bit long, aren't you?"
"Wait, Greg, I questioned Sheri Walsh the last time but Sherlock was close by..."
Sherlock vainly tried to wipe the blood with the back of his hand. He looks at the doctor with crazed eyes, pulls out his mobile phone on which he hardly drums.
"That means that you still didn't find the bastard who did it?"
“Of course not,
"I know what I shall offer you when you come to celebrate Christmas in Hastings at our parents' home: pyjamas."
file, copied, erased. There are some in the
The doctor gets close to the table where the detective's fingers frenetically tap, in front of the coroner's new boyfriend. The guy is named Andy Kerwell and he shook Sherlock's hand with such conviction that John immediately hated him. The blond man puts the two beers next to his flatmate's elbow and takes his place before hearing the voice full of sarcasm:
The ex-soldier did his best to not throw his mug in the empty sink.
"You know I'll follow you every next time you'll go see a concert, right?"
He goes on his blog in search of new cases, but there are only people curious to know if they finally found the murderer of the concert. He mutters quite low, opens a new window (virgin proof that he and Sherlock are really making a pitiful work) and watches the Google logo livening up for a long time, drinking his perfectly infused tea.
Of course, at Keble School, where he spent his younger years, the young boy with the blond hair only held a musical recorder with a bad taste because he had chewed the plastic, with little interest, too many times. No piano with ebony and ivory keys where his hands got lost every time; no violin where his kind of chubby cheek - as too many times underlined by Timothy Fester - landed before squealing a clumsy melody, but oh so expressive. No partition of Chopin, Mozart or Respighi to sight-read between semiquaver and F-clef, but instead an umpteenth interpretation of Lennon's
, you only act to be the center of attention, but everybody's already looking at you, you won!
"You could have thought that we would want to question you. After all, you witnessed a murder."
One hand rubbing his dry and sleepy eyes, he consults the hour on his mobile. It's past midnight and tomorrow looks to be as challenging as the other days of the week. Yet he can't make the decision to tidy up everything and to go to bed. The prospect of switching off the light and ending up alone in front of himself isn't very exciting.
"Seats for what?"
"Blindfold your eyes and, or, gag you?"
"Yes, of course," he lies through gritted teeth and he barely hits the middle-floor when he stops.
11:03 PM
, as John followed you like a good little doggie.”
"I might have explained to you what I'm doing poorly. I shouldn't have let you in the bar at Molly's birthday. I didn't answer you clearly and it was a mistake. Yes, I do
"I'll be right up to bring you some pea soup as soon as I'm done with the cleaning!" shouts a shrill voice from downstairs.
copy, but the file resists. He'll try again later.
08:26 PM
The detective straightens up, suddenly serious and apparently concentrating. He closes his case and takes a seat in front of his flatmate. He's not making his
"We are working, John."
"No need, I'll take care of her, okay?"
The doctor nods again, this time to refrain from laughing, and pleads a call coming from the back-scene so that he can take off. Of course, Sherlock never could have asked Anderson to come because he needed his help, it's completely absurd, but John still doesn't have the slightest idea of what's going on. Everything's getting so weird.
"Sherrer was seated here," indicates one of the policemen, pointing a finger to an empty chair with only a small yellow sign with a
"Would you like to have a drink?"
"This meeting was really enriching, Sherlock, but I must be going now."
The next morning the bill is paid without any grimaces from the doctor. But they don't leave. The idea wasn't clearly emit but none of them spoke about car keys, road or GPS. Instead they talk about the lake which the receptionist talked of in glowing terms, and about the little harbor where stocky men with fingers damaged by hooks prepare their fishing rods. Sherlock did try from time to time to explain to John how this one was cheating on his wife, and how much this one won at the lottery without telling his sister, but John simply smiled and asked him to shut up.
John is suffocating, he's drowning. He tries to get up but his body still refuses to move. His eyes open and cry. Sherlock strokes his face, he's behind him now.
"We have one right below, let's take advantage of it: MRS. HUDSON! MRS. HUDSON, WHO KILLED PHILLIP SHERRER?" he roars all at once.
10:54 PM
"Why now?"
"Bloody hell I was at your place! I was literally at your place and you preferred to take a fucking cab to go to that fucking observatory to meet with that fucking psychopath! You could have died!" Gregory screams this time.
"May I know what the hell this is about? Why are you dressed like that? And for the thousandth time - for God's sake - do
"Yeah, it's me. Can I help you?"
pulsation.
"He left his country when he was 17 years old to follow his studies in London. He's been living here ever since by making regular visa applications which he always, always has. And five years ago, a jerk from the immigration office behind his fucking desk decided that he wouldn't give him a new visa. It happens, you know; there's no history there, it's not because the person is living in the UK for 3 months or 10 years that it changes something, and if a fucking clerk decides not to renew a visa, you can't do anything about it. Jared panicked and if
"If we had to do this every time we see a witness..."
"So, this is why you quarreled during the break?" demands John, who doesn't know when he and Sherlock had passed from detectives to psychologists.
"Sherlock...", calls John with a muffled voice.
"That's not what I ordered," he curses.
"... No temperature. We're transferring him in traumatology as soon as the doctor is back."
" the detective suddenly exclaims, turning around all at once and making the young man jump. "When we met for the first time in Lestrade's office, you spoke about Sherrer. You said that he was a very good musician. A very good musician doesn't need a score, right?"
“Sherlock will still figure out an occasion to kill you, so tell me.”
The doctor is ready to speak again when the door opens. Sherlock, with his improbable purple shirt and an inexpressive face, and a teenager enter the room. She has the exact same eyes as Sheri, but they're so covered with make-up that it is difficult to see it. She has long, light brown hair which falls on both sides of her face and a very fine plait that is put behind her ear. Her denim dress and compensated sneakers remind John that this fashion is on the way back from the 80s. It's like going back to the future and questioning Harry, but never mind.
, weren't you?"
“Do you know those flowers?” Sherlock asks, turning to face Andy without trying to calm the adrenaline boiling in him.
John is certain his friend isn't an Irish setter, yet he snaps his fingers while pointing to the backseat. The order works because the little 6'00" soldier complies without batting an eyelid. The trip is quickly back on, but John must pull up the seat to the wheel first (damn,
"She's sensitive to the cold," tries John without even blinking.
Sherlock nods once and rests the crop against the collarbone which gives in under the pressure. It's not his wounded shoulder but John moves back all the same, and it takes him a few seconds to understand that was the purpose anyway. His grey eyes squint from the leather tip to Sherlock's hand and when his feet bang against the coffee table, he knows they have arrived in the middle of the living-room.
The ex-soldier didn't close his eye for one second, following his friend with his tired gaze getting back on his feet, before pacing up and down in front of him, his thumbs nervously typing on the mobile he just got out of his pocket.
"I don't see why..."
"She would have been attacked before coming here? But she has her purse and no wounds, plus she seems just... happy."
How stupid it is, this way of repeating word for word his superior's claims; a useless legacy of his military training.
"Everything is fine, Sherlock," answers his friend, with a voice just as fake.
“As much as the time I was shot in Afghanistan. At least I’ll have symmetrical scars now.”
I can see that. -J
When John is sleeping at the end of the afternoon, his head twisted against the window, he's dreaming about a giant credit card laying down on him like a gigantic hound with a nameless cruelty. He wakes up just in time to realize he started to dribble on the seatbelt, and Sherlock is reading his mobile with an extreme concentration.
“And it worked perfectly, I’m well placed to know that,” John says with irony, looking at the splint which is pressing his arm against his chest.
. And we'll take our time, together, until you let go, John."
He tightens up on the wrists even stronger because the
"The man who fired was, according to our estimations, placed behind the scene, near your seats. We need the maximum of information to close this case as fast as possible. You were placed in the 3rd row, is that correct?"
“Come on, sit down...”
The apartment is still inhabited by Marina Jones and Bill Hendrik, but it looks like nothing they know. The living-room probably hasn't seen a vacuum pass since Prince George was still an only child and there are dirty plates on the coffee table which remind John of the state of their own place.
"Close this door, Sherlock! It is you who presented him to Elisa?"
, thank you so much!).
John dims his eyes for the first time and looks at his sleeves raised by Sherlock from the dishes they eventually forgot. He doesn't have many excuses to hide his body anymore. But is it really necessary to continue to fool himself?
John doesn't know where Sherlock is right now, but he truly hopes his friend had a sort of illumination to advance the case, because the pressure to find the killer is hard to handle. They read the report of the coroner again and it's clear the shooter was placed behind Sherrer because the bullet drilled through the back of his skull. The ballistics established a perimeter where the shooting could have been made. If it really turns out that Steele is innocent, that means they have already met the killer.
“Tell him we hit a wild boar and his Auxhall Fiesta is totaled.” “
"Plus a few more months..."
He removes his second sleeve and drops his shirt. He doesn't have time to ask to his flatmate what he's supposed to do next, because Sherlock pushes back the seat from which he has gotten off and kneels down. He spreads the doctor's hands with his own and comes between his legs, his back straight, his face slightly raised to keep looking at him. This reversal of situation has something moving and the simple idea that from now on it is Sherlock's neck which will bend to see his flatmate makes John smile.
"She must have been consenting then."
John Watson. Sherlock Holmes.
Ah. Something that has to do with the Defense. -SH
!" the youngest Holmes roars, pointing at his older brother. "I do
"He-hello M-Mister Holmes!" Benjamin is enchanted, holding out a hand to greet him.
? Elisa with the collar... Emh, Elisa whom we met at Molly's birthday?"
They smile at each other one last time before he accelerates his pace up to the aisle where Sherlock disappeared, but he doesn't see him. Toothpaste, he sees that, on the other hand. He gets closer, takes the cheaper one which doesn't taste like shoe polish and roams, eyes lost on hundreds of more or less unrefined packages, before slowing down in front of smaller, more colored boxes, too rarely bought. He threw out his last condoms last August, during the big housework, when Mrs. Hudson specifically asked that whatever wasn't used should be put in a trash can,
In a jump, John gets off his chair and hurries to the stairs before hearing Sherlock's voice, leaned above the guardrail on the first floor:
"I believe it's time for me to call my
His eyes, as bright as his genius is dark, land on the doctor against the only drawer of the room. He sighs, gets up, his hands becoming fists, and swings on his feet.
Seated on a formica chair, forehead covered with pearls of sweat as big as pinheads, Jared Steele trembles with each of his muscles, hands made clearer by a staggering stress, laying like dead starfishes on the plastic table.
"I can't take it out of my head, you know..." he growls like an animal, slowly shaking his head.
” he repeats, swallowing, and this time there’s Moriarty’s voice in his head reading those words and everything makes sense.
09:01 AM
Sherlock automatically turns his head to his flatmate and this time it's
. There's a weight without shape pressing his chest so he noisily inhales, already ready to apologise for the noise to the audience around him, when Sherlock suddenly gets on his feet.
"Your relationship with Sheri Walsh
"Slept well?"
“Where is Sherlock?”
. You're divorced and you lost, lost what, the house? No, in your file it is indicated that you live near London Bridge, very good district. There is something, something which obliges you to regain control of yourself, something which..."
and not
Funny how you think you can trust technology and then one day you wake up and look at the finished chapter on the application Notes of your iPhone and -
Anyway. -SH
"I can understand, but I can't accept it. You're a good man, John, but look at you: you take care of your patients, your sister, your friends, your
John raises his head and Sherlock still keeps his eyes fixed on him. He put his hands in front of his mouth and there's something painful in his gaze. It is with a voice of an imperial peace that Sherlock finally understands:
“Whenever you want,” he warns with a soft voice.
“It's the last stop; we'll be on the island tomorrow.”
Doris opens her eyes big but answers calmly:
"You'll stay with us one month. A nurse will see you now to give you some painkillers."
08:37 PM
Finally, as they’re approaching Mallaig, they accelerate, and accelerate again despite the city. The harbor is a few minutes away. Sherlock knows the road by heart, and he guides John as the best wingman ever. They finally arrive, get out of the car, and stand rooted to the spot. The ship is already far away and leaves them behind like completely perfect idiots. It's John that cuts off the awkward silence.
"I live with my flatmate," retorts the detective, apparently hurt.
01:19 AM
He turns his head towards his roommate and watches him from the corner of his eye. His gloved hands clenched around the steering wheel, his eyes fixed on the road where cars, honks, and reckless cyclists are quite a mess. He is already bored; John cannot say how, but he knows it. Sherlock would probably reprimand him to speculate without evidence. Nonetheless, he
"Sherlock, what..."
“Flipping heck you’re here…”
go to the places I had in mind before writing my chapters :D I just wanted to tell you, as I love including some realism in my stories.
"My bedroom is bigger, of course, closer to the kitchen and better decorated. But if it is possible that we end up between your sheets again, then we should plan for the following mornings. Do you see an inconvenience in that?" asks the detective, turning his head to the doctor's, which shakes.
, of course. They make a detour on their right, this time they go down the stairs before they reach a small courtyard. Now John must raises his nose so high to see the observatory in his whole that it makes his neck crack. He pulls a face, massages his valid shoulder a bit and sighs when he feels the pain becoming stronger than the medicines.
. John looks at the little white flowers for a long time with a smile he wants as discreet as possible and thanks him. When later that day, a nurses comes to check his temperature, she stops and asks with horror "Who brought you chrysanthemums?", Sherlock understands this is not the kind of flowers to bring to someone who's
," the detective reads out loud, his eyebrows furrowed.
"See you tomorrow."
10:53 PM
The shared living-room was a good refuge, but the bridge tournament prevented Sherlock from falling all sprawled out on the grey sofa. He's out, on the ground, seated in the recently pruned grass. In front of him there's Skye. It didn't move, didn't change, and will never change. He thinks about all those hours spent on mounts, observing life beneath, all those days spent on rocky beaches, walking along before a neighbor took him back home. There never were many people, but enough to bother him. It's dark now and all he can see are those bright dots along the coast. Tomorrow, they'll be there, but nothing will change, Sherlock knows it. He inspires powerfully and lets himself fall backward. The grass is humid; his black coat mustn't like it. Pity.
John has a sad smile which he masks very fast, slightly ill-at-ease of his blunder but the woman discreetly shakes her head to tell him that everything is okay - the habit to have to manage people who have no idea how to behave with her son, doubtless.
Yes. -J
Things are not...
"So, John, what do you think of the champagne?"
10:16 PM
"Oh right, you're the
by his wife's spitefulness."
Two nurses come to help John dress, even if he waves them away, and he gathers the rest of his stuff in a plastic bag.  He then joins Lestrade in the hallway and the both of them walk towards the car park without a word.
, whom I have the honour to work with.
"Stop that," the doctor sighs, catching the weapon and hiding it under the pillow of his armchair behind him. "And it's
"I can't let you decide for me, Mycroft."
"Why do you come here to listen to it then? You know you're surrounded by
One second. Only one second. But still.
"Of course."
"I am quite serious," answers the youngest one without breaking eye contact with his friend, cheeks pink from having laughed too much.
John and Gregory raise their eyes so high in their orbits, Sherlock can only hope their eyeballs will make a complete turn on themselves and finally find the brains they've been ignoring for so long. The brunet doesn't wait a minute more and, with a gesture ridiculously way too sophisticated, he jumps off the stage and walks to the exit. John shakes the DI's hand, greets the rest of the agents and quickly catches up to his flatmate.
“Well, people say I'm a sociopath that gets off on crime scenes; that one day, dead by boredom, I'll commit myself a murder to pass the time; that I can't feel the tiniest emotion; and that I'm a freak. Tell me, John, does that seem awful enough for you?”
Don't come to the funeral. -J
John Hamish Watson, of the 5th Northumberland Fusiliers, has always been perfectly in charge of his life, thank you very much. Late of the Army Medical Department, perfect son, flawless brother, the ex-soldier native of the north London suburb was all you could expect from a man: honest, courageous and reliable. In short, someone you could really rely on. The only real moments where his mind could get some rest for a few minutes was when he was getting away, his eyes closed, his hearing kept on alert by a melody in which he was losing himself.
"The air matters little."
"In 2014? Really?" says Sherlock with irony.
08:36 PM
"Why?"
When John hangs up he ignores the alarming feeling that he made a big mistake with a lot of ease.
“Do you want me to close the window?”
Damned, Sherlock, there’s definitely something fishy going on with you………. -J
“No; you, you drive.”
"For God's sake, Sherlock," John grumbles, ready to get up to verify Benjamin's pulse, but the witness raises his hands to reassure him, his breaths panting nevertheless.
"It must reminds him good memories," he smiles, slowly passing his hand on John's collar.
"Suck."
"John kindly invited me," she smiles, coming against Lestrade who holds her with his right hand.
"What are you..."
. The detective ends his murmurs by smiling one last time, and John finds in the forest of improper words invading his brain, the only possible answer:
"I'm here."
And this time, he doesn't even read his message again before sending it. There is something so much simpler, when it comes to sending texts. It is easier for John to express things which he wouldn't even think in front of Sherlock. Unless it's a matter of courage, he isn't quite sure.
"Yes."
Why? -SH
. Come. Come for me."
"What are you doing? Where are you taking him? Jared, what's going on? You can't possibly think he killed this musician, right?"
John's stomach squeezes up at the mention of the word that has haunted him since the visit to Sherrer's place. He smiles to hold back flowery insults that he learned so well from Lestrade.
"Every day."
“For God's sake, the road, Sherlock!”
John barely finishes his sentence before his seat topples over, making him slam on the brakes, and even if fear overruns his stomach and head like the worst hurricane, the reflexes that got him back from Afghanistan allow him to steer the car to the roadside before they hit another car. It's Sherlock who kicked the back of the seat with his foot and John knows it very well. With shaking hands, he pulls out his seatbelt and turns around to face up to his misleading friend.
"What's the plan, then?"
"If you're going to blame me for the thousandth time I didn't hear your
"Why did you come here, Mycroft?" asks the youngest Holmes, raising his eyes to heaven, arms already crossed against his chest.
The soldier hangs up and turns around to discover Sherlock already on his heels, his face more concerned than ever - of course, he has already understood.
"Why was my sister taken to another room? She's only 18 years old, she's just a child..."
"I beg your pardon?"
"Yes."
09:05 AM
11:50 PM
"The most important thing. I forget
, thinks Sherlock. His whole body is trapped in this steel cage, two long legs pressed against the plastic pedals, hands tied to the cylindrical object in front of him, staring in turns at the road, the dashboard, and the rear-view mirror, and
"I've just received a text from Lestrade," he informs his flatmate.
John opens his eyes. Both. It's dark but he recognises the bed he's in. It's an hospital bed. The television in the corner of the room confirms his first impression. The perfusion stuck in his right hand is the last clue he needs. He looks on his left the city through a wide window. From where he is, he can see the London Eye. It's ironic how one got to end up in the hospital to have the greatest view, in every city on the planet. He keeps his inspection of the room: his folder is on the bedside table, he'll read it when he'll have enough strength to use his arm. And on the armchair at the end of the room, there's something that looks like his jacket, he squints and... ah, no. A black coat.
I like what's going on between us, when we write to each other. -SH
:) -J
He immerses himself naked in the hot water and smiles. His toes and shoulders are under water
am the Game. I can't wait to see what will happen tonight…” he smiles one last time before he starts to theatrically climb the stairs.
“I know how to drive, John.” The detective's sentence is punctuated by the Ford Fiesta's thundering horn they nearly hit. Going through the red light was perhaps not a good idea.
He catches the empty envelope on which he wrote his accounts with a pencil and inhales through his nose. If he manages to combine the current case and his half-time at the clinic, he should be able to make it.
The case was amazingly easy. -SH
to talk about it because he
"Mr Steele is placed under custody until his situation grows clearer. He's also suspected of planning a sham marriage which,
In his bed, the sheets as cold as night, John rolled over for the 38th time. It was only temporary - the dancing red dots in front of his eyes and the voice of a man which was crossing him as if he wasn't even there – but, meanwhile, finding sleep was even more difficult than the tiles in the pool. Shit. Everything was going to come down to this, he felt it – the same way he felt when he came back from Camp Bastion when everything tasted like sand and all was hot as the desert.
, John wants to retort, but Sherlock's fingers have already closed on his thigh under the table, and no more sound can escape out of his mouth. The detective often touched his joint flatmate, to attract him in a corner to prevent him from being shot, to forbid him to drink a cup of tea into which he put bleach for an experiment, or to try to kiss him (
08:54 AM
“Tell him everything is okay.”
"Not at all," lies the policeman, who has red cheeks.
Of course you're not a "moron". You're a doctor, I guess you studied for two or three years. You're doing well, really. -SH
"Calm down, Gavin," answers the detective, raising his eyes to heaven, as an impolite and suddenly extremely cold teenager, which irritates Lestrade even more - and John has never seen him like this.
“Precisely…” John says, holding himself on the guardrail when they're climbing the stairs.
"For God's sake, Sherlock, are you really that worried? Everything's fine;
“Have I ever told you how brave you are for tolerate living with him?” Lestrade smiles as extremely tired by this story. “He moved a few days later and we never talked about it again. It was a huge mistake from me to thought he could submit. It requests a lot of courage to submit to anyone and it’s simply not who he is.”
"Is she a friend, then?" asks John, a smile on his lips, very aware that the question will make his friend jump.
John has to smile, which he ends up hiding by stretching his jaw, because he has two pairs of eyes on him-other than the crystalline ones-that are looking at him right now. But he will be damned if he will show that the feelings which are invading him right now, when Sherlock's addressing him and only him, as though there is nobody else on this damn Earth, might not be completely heterosexual. Steele tenses a bit when he hears that his girlfriend was flirting with another man - younger nevertheless, let's not forget that - but he still seems so eager to leave. Sherlock doesn't plan to stop there, though, because beyond the deduction, what he likes is to be the centre of attention.
01:19 AM
"Gregory!" she smiles, turning her head to ask silently for a kiss which he gives her without waiting.
"Concerning the case, I mean."
He's convinced the detective is going to make a comment about people, but nothing comes out from this pedantic mouth. Good, because John could have changed his mind with a snap of the tongue. He turns his back on his roommate to give him some privacy to put on some pajamas and murmurs with an already half-asleep voice:
wrong, but Sherlock has already opened the door and even if his coat is not closed and his shoes aren't tired, it's with an insane smile and fire dancing in his eyes that he announces in a voice stuffed with excitement:
“It's okay,” says Sherlock with his coat still on his shoulders.
With the left hand, he gently taps his friend's shoulder before turning back to his bedroom, of which he left the door open. Hidden under the embrasure, the fingers around the latch, ready to close behind him, he is stopped by John, still standing in the middle of the lounge.
"Are you okay John? You look stressed out. Sherlock's suspecting something, right?" asks Molly, licking her thumb where a bit of taramasalata slid while she's furnishing the small toasts made by Mrs. Hudson.
, for her incredible support and touching reviews.
is going on) since John's knees bit the dust of Tesco with not much grace. And John thinks about it. Every day.
The detective does a hazy gesture above his shoulder with his hand and pushes the swing doors by which he makes John goes before him.
John closed his eyes for a while until his right foot struck the ground violently, making him jump with surprise - did he really just faint?
"John?"
11:28 PM
John quickly backtracks and returns to the bed on which he sits down again. Sherlock didn't give him precise orders, he just told him to go to settle down, which involves many things. It might involve getting undressed, very certainly, but John doesn't really want to do that. Not alone. Not without knowing if it's what his flatmate also wants. He doesn't have time to doubt any longer because the chink of the door gets bigger and finally reveals Sherlock.
. God, look at you, John."
He’ll have to check that data on Google later.
John's glass is rapidly empty and maybe it's the good atmosphere, the exceptional weather, or the fact he already drank four beers, but tonight he wants to talk. Unless it's because of Sherrer's murder. John clearly remembers when he came back from Afghanistan, when life at Harry's was scaring him as much as it was calm. He would have given anything to have a bit of animation, adrenaline or a reason to live. Now, a simple walk to the opera and he comes home with a head full of images of a man whose skull has been pierced. For sure, he doesn't lack action anymore.
And not knowing has never been an excuse to move back, according to John Watson.
And John knows that, really. But maybe it's because he doesn't want to wait anymore that he bends and touches the long cold shaft just one second before Sherlock catches it. The detective stands now, too, and it takes only one second for him to roll his fingers around the handle. Sharply, he lowers the crop and it slams with an indecent noise against the back of the doctor's hand.
The worst way to die… -SH
The detective smiles for one second. His face is illuminated by pride that echoes with strength to John's rib cage.
a good idea.
“Do you want something to eat?” suggests the doctor, clenching his fists mechanically, his nose pointed towards his roommate mounted on stilts.
"It seems that my brother has the annoying tendency to attract people in a very unrespectable way."
The doctor quickly looks at his flatmate who smiles like a spoiled kid and answers by raising his eyes to heaven.
is crazy."
“Have you seen anyone catch a trout?”
Sherlock smiles, the millions of stars seeming to gain in intensity and John rolls his eyes, tightening his fingers around his cup of tea.
“What does the card say?” Sherlock asks, fixing John with his crystal-clear eyes.
10:06 PM
"Safeword?"
08:26 PM
Sherlock frowns but smiles in his turn before answering in a little, pinched voice:
11:03 PM
Unhealthy.
Sherlock sketches a smile of which the echo ends up on John's lips. Sherlock takes his left hand off the thick blanket and puts it on the fair nape of the neck and John understands the silent order to get closer, until he sits on the detective's fine thighs. He pushes away the cover by moving, and if he doesn't prevent the formless complaint escaping from his closed mouth when he sees in the light of day Sherlock's absolutely perfect chest, he doesn't comment out loud on the fact that his friend kept on his boxers.
“Are you okay?”
This time, John hits the lobe of Sherrer's ear and turns towards his flatmate, a light pout distorting his face. Sherlock's lips pinch, very conscious that he's being observed. He throws a dart and turns to face him before correcting:
He can blame Sherlock for being too cold with the suspects but it would be just as correct to blame him for being too thoughtful.
"Wait, wait... what are you talking about?" asks John, leaning toward the brunet, his eyebrows so frowned his head hurts - unless it's because of the cheap beer.
There, no doubt he's alone. With spare time. It's good. No, in fact it's slightly alarming and completely useless, but he heard so many of his colleagues whining they didn't have free time that he says to himself that he can at least
"Mh, okay," the doctor answers by shrugging.
"I can't do that either," he smiles despite himself and that makes Mycroft tenses even more.
When John opens his eyes, it's because the grandchildren of the old man on the bed on the opposite side are playing with the blinds, screaming the song of an advertisement. The ex-soldier gets ready to smile at their mother, sat on a chair similar to his, but the woman doesn't even make the start of a gesture of excuse to the rest of the room, so, he swallows his useless kindness. If Harry was awake, she would have shouted at the kids without hesitation and would have received apologies from their family, the medical staff and the Queen mother gathered. She has that, his sister, this power to say out loud what the youngest of the Watson thinks silently. Of course, John envies her that.
John alternately observes both Holmes brothers, the youngest which by his simple gaze wants to persuade him that the oldest is fooled
The man turns around and goes slowly in a neighboring alley and when John understands he's following a boy about seven years old, he jumps up and accelerates between families to make a way. He by-passes a mother with arms charged by her children's bags, before rushing into the pathway. The boy scampers, slows down at the end of the street and waves at a grey car which stops next to him. There's a tall woman who gets out of it to open the rear door. She's not particularly soft with him but at least the resemblance is striking: the boy joined his mother.
Sherlock frowns but it's another element from his face that itches him, so he stretches out his mouth and smiles. John's remarks are always surprising. Funny and absolutely absurd, but surprising.
He quickly turns on himself to check that he didn't forget anything and looks at Sherlock for many long seconds, trying to contain his words:
"Oh, fuck..."
file deserves another space. Maybe he could split the elements between his head and his heart. It must be possible. He never tried, but for him, he will.
Seated on Sherlock Holmes' bed, John leaps up and breathes in through the nose, his neck tensed as he's tilted forward to try to see himself as a whole. He'd need a mirror to confront himself and wonder while looking himself straight in the eyes,
"A case too complicated for him," Sherlock explains, turning his head to his flatmate.
," John decrees with a tone meant to end all discussions.
"Do you have this CD?" whispers John, leaning over his flatmate again.
The doctor's lips pinch so hard he's not sure he'll be able to open his mouth again.
,” John repeats to be sure he got it right.
"What, did you get the axe again?" exclaims the house keeper, dropping her wooden spoon in the bowl she's holding against her stomach.
back home. Even when you're masturbating, moreover, as if sex was something shameful that you should hide even from yourself. I still don't know if I shall let you undress yourself alone, or if I shall participate actively in your striptease - oh, in heaven's name, no need to make a decision now, the unexpected can sometimes be a good thing. And I shall take my time, to look at you, to meet you,
"Sorry. In short, he thanked me for coming, then he told me it was an experience very interesting, which he couldn't wait to discover all the aspects of, that we were waiting for the lead role and that he was craving to meet the star, the one on which every head was turning."
The musicians still look at each other for a few seconds before the first violin noisily turns the pages of his pad to find the good score and starts without waiting, apparently out of patience. There's still a few seconds where only the sound of his violin resounds before he's finally joined by his colleagues. Lestrade turns on himself, Doris already got up to put on her coat and this time, John gives in:
"Look at me, John."
He feels his heart beating harder than usual and it's unpleasant, the vibrations seem to go back up in his throat and to give him trouble swallowing. He's thinking so much about what he wants to control that he forgets what
"What?"
"John," smiles the woman, coming to greet him with a warm kiss.
“And because I don’t want to leave you on your own.”
! You..." but John doesn't finish his sentence this time, for fear of releasing other words that he will regret.
"No problem. And John, if it's the body of your flatmate you want to bury, your secret will be safe with me."
In the room where his sister stays, there are 4 other busy beds, hidden behind curtains that have been closed. Of course, Harry is claustrophobic so they left hers opened, even if she sleeps soundly, dulled by medicine. She has purple-encircled, swollen eyes and her cheeks are red, punctuated with visible bursted veins. Her right leg is wrapped in an impressive plaster cast and her amorphous arms are lazily resting on her stomach.
Lestrade raises a shoulder and nicks a hot cinnamon cookie before Mrs. Hudson taps his hand in a maternal gesture which makes both of them smile. He returns to the lounge and opens the buffet to bring out the porcelain tableware that Mrs. Hudson particularly likes. In the bric-a-brac he looks for the least cracked plates when the front door slams. He takes a look over his shoulder and discovers John, hair covered by a light snow which melts almost immediately under the ambient heat.
"In the kitchen. We're interrogating them. And before you ask, the night Sherrer died, the girl was at some kind of performance on the other side of town and the guy was in Belgium."
"Seven years ago I was working for a modest production of A Midsummer Night's dream, and Philipp was playing in it," answers Bill, analysed by the other three men in the room. "We stayed in contact and then four... no, three years ago, Marina and I were searching for a new flatmate so I gave him a call and... well, he came right away."
The oldest of the Holmes brothers leaves the door open and comes into the doctor's bedroom, looking at everything around him as if he is about to buy the place.
"Well, yes, yes it's going great. We've been in London since Monday and we're leaving for Belgium in three days."
"Is everything all right, John?"
," Sherlock suddenly grumbles and his voice is hardly recognisable.
"At f-five, yes. Moreover f-five performances contained p-pieces of Liszt."
"We came to listen to Denosa. Sherlock couldn't stop talking about it, so..."
"I told you to read," Sherlock repeats, pressing his forefinger to the middle of the doctor's forehead in order to force him to put his head back on the carpet.
The growing vein on the face of his boss is enough to make the doctor realise that he might have shouted a bit too loudly.
"Sherlock..."
position (when he crosses his legs and joins his hands by sticking the end of the fingers together). He sits as a human being, two feet on the ground, elbows resting against his knees, slightly tilted forward, and John has the boldness to believe that it's an unconscious way for Sherlock to bow in front of his demands.
He won't tell him right now, but of course Sherlock was right. The meeting was not useful and started badly when John asked Monsieur Mortier if he brought chocolate, which blew a chill in the room worthy of the highest mount of the Alps Mountain. They all talked for two hours, to discuss the surveillance of Moriarty which, apparently, didn't go as well as expected; all of that to understand that they can't tell with certainty if the criminal is still in the canton of Aargau today. Lestrade held all his anger in and his cheeks redden from the effort, and John had to wait to go up on the roof to see the DI smoke and explode at the same time. Of course, Interpol is aware of Moriarty's actions and the frontiers are being watched, but Lestrade emitted the hypothesis that he'll build a team himself to go to Switzerland to research the criminal. John promised to talk about it to Sherlock when he got back home.
John stops stirring his spoon in the cup for one second to listen to the next sentence and recognises the noise of an opening fly. He explodes in laughter and says out loud:
You don't get it, don't you? Or are you doing this on purpose? -J
Clara smiles, unbuttons her coat, and bends to kiss him on the cheek before taking a seat. It's early on this December 24th, the families of the patients are certainly making the last purchases for Christmas Eve. In the meantime, there are just the nurses with sprites' hats who are humming in the corridors, led by Christmas carols broadcasted by the surrounding speakers.
"We can't complain about eating too much," mutters Mrs. Hudson, smiling, seated on her rocking chair next to the DI.
by men; today, in front of his sandwich of whole bread he wonders if all of this obsession to label everything is not a bit thick, after all.
47 minutes during which so much could have happened. How much can he hate Sherlock Holmes and his way of turning the simplest of sweaters into an obsession of which the ex-soldier would have to avoid? Because even if it's only a piece of fabric - perfectly belted on a curved body, of course - since Sherlock left the table and followed that Elisa, it's become so much
"I believe we could say that."
“Yes?” he quickly answers, raising him and pulling a face when his shoulder leave the sofa, to join him.
"You want to speak about what happened between us, but you don't dare to bring up the subject."
"Wonderful," the doctor sighs before opening the door and taking a seat.
John gets ready to answer, but his mobile vibrates again immediately.
But there's a light and fresh wind that pushes him to walk, and he thinks: why not go do some shopping too? Mrs. Hudson is always complaining about her vacuum which makes too much noise, he could buy her a new one. The truth is, it's Sherlock who's complaining about the "continuous thunder of this devil tool" which prevents him from thinking. Even if his finances are not in excellent shape, John wants to offer his landlady the possibility to stop breaking her back every time she drags the vacuum up the two floors to 221B.
at Benjamin to verify that Sherlock's attitude doesn't perturb him too much, but the youngest doesn't seem very embarrassed by the arrival of the most brilliant of the sociopaths.
Wonderful
This time, John turns his head to look behind him at the back-scene and remembers the presence of the suspects.
On their left there's a iPod plugged on speakers. The quality is really bad and the room is so big and empty that the sounds resonates to a point they want to tear their eardrums off. John wants to ask Sherlock something -
"Do you know when we'll start? I have a meeting at the end of the day."
This time it's Sherlock who's ready to talk but his nemesis’ left hand raises to ask for his attention. Moriarty closes his eyes, focused deep in his soul, before he moves his lips, miming the lyrics surrounding them.
It’s warm in this living-room of which Greg refuses to open the windows (for safety) and fuck John was only supposed to binge on painkillers and sleep, the DI wasn’t expecting this conversation to happen.
The thick and heavy ball which sinks into John's stomach makes him swallow more noisily than ever.
- all the notes have been erased. Yeah, so apparently it does happen a lot, so if you have important notes, you might want to save them, guys! Anyway, I didn't want to more around, especially because of all your amazing support on the last update, so I rolled up my sleeve and I translated this chapter AGAIN and here it is!
"But you went back to work, as if nothing happened... "
John frowns but his look is automatically attracted by the vision of Mycroft smiling more than is reasonable.
"I'm just saying that..." John begins but he doesn't have time to finish his sentence because his flatmate takes a gun out of his inside pocket, which he then puts in the middle of the musicians.
"Good, you understand. Can I go now?" Steele grumbles, looking at the door as if he's looking at a lifeboat in the middle of a storm.
"Yeah? Like what?" asks the youngest with a real naivety which John could almost find touching if he wasn't ready to answer, '
, and if
John half-opens his lips to answer, but those of Sherlock are closing on the inside of his right wrist, which he raised up to his face. He closes his eyes and presses his wet mouth against the hot skin with a lot of attention. It's from the end of his lips that's he's putting down offerings which have no words to be described. That almost make John groan because the sensibility of his skin is uncontrollable. He keeps his eyes wide open and contemplates the kitchen ceiling and he's never seen it under this angle, he's never been kissed
People are coming out one after another and the detective makes sure he's as small as his 6 feet allow him. The woman that welcomes them, with excessive red hair and burgundy-colored nails, talks to John as if he's a member of her family. She seems grumpy about the fact that they didn't book a room, but leaning over her laptop, she changes her mind by offering them the last room. Double bed. The words make John roll his eyes. He clenches his fists, swings on his feelings, and discreetly sighs. He insists to have another bedroom, she insists he can’t because she doesn't have another one, he insists again by telling her two beds would really be more appropriate, she insists still by telling him about the trout fishing contest at Lomond Lake. Apparently they're lucky to even find a place to stay.
"It's cold in here."
DI Lestrade smiles to ease the atmosphere and pats his friend’s leg before going out of the room.
? It's the scene, it's the..." he puts his fork down and turns his face to his flatmate's, aghast. "You've never seen
"What happened before or after you decided you could be a super-hero?"
"All right, your safeword will be
It bothers you. Let's change the subject. Weather is a theme much more accepted in society: it's starting to get cold, isn't it? -SH
Hi everyone! I'm sorry for the late update, life has been crazy on my side lately. I hope you're all doing okay and ready for today's chapter as it's finally the revelation of who the murderer is! It's been more than a year since I started to think about this story and publishing today this chapter truly makes me shiver. I hope you'll like it as much as I liked to be obsessed by this case :)
It's a Vauxhall Astra and there's - never mind,” sighs the oldest man, shaking his head. “I don't think he's talking about the car.”
“Tell him I don't need a chaperon.”
The atmosphere's getting so heavy that the air seems to become sticky and rushed into the lungs of all the present men and women here today. John doesn't realise it anymore, but his fist opens and closes on his right knee every time Sherlock almost crushes somebody. The detective still has to verify the first row, but he barely glances at the Walsh sisters, as if it's absolutely obvious that neither of them could be the murderer. He nevertheless turns his head in front of Sheri and stops all at once, then frowns and deciphers her for about three seconds before asking:
Tender hugs to all of you who kudoed and especially commented. You're amazingly motivating me <3
And this time the music seems so powerful that Jim put both of his fist against his chest. He's pulling a face, and the ecstasy emanating from his smile reminds John of one Gian Lorenzo Bernini’s statue, Saint Teresa or Saint What’s-her-name, it's not the most important, the most important is the conviction burning deep in him that a bomb will explode at the end of the song. But the song slowly ends and Moriarty finally opens his eyes.
"Goodbye, Mycroft," John smiles one last time with a polite sign of the head before turning his heels.
Sherlock steps over him, squats on his right and pushes away the black mass. A part of fabric turns around and when John recognises on the label the form of a globe with a crown on it, he both realises he can properly see again and that it's Jim Moriarty lying next to him, at the same time. Sherlock grabs his right hand and massages it to let the blood circulate through his fingers.
They're looking through the window again and when Sherlock puts his hand on John's thigh, they don't even realise that the
“He doesn't want me to drive.”
Truly not expected
But John Watson doesn't know everything.
“Why is your nose bleeding, Sherlock?”
"Barely. We are more than 80 permanent members of the orchestra. We mainly meet for the rehearsals and traditionally go to eat all together the day before a first performance, but I never really spoke to him. He was rather eccentric, you know. He liked surrounding himself with a lot of people and he spoke,
The bonnet closes and the face of a young man comes to light, around thirty years old, with short dark hair and two big eyes made of a hot brown which are looking alternately on both newcomers. The man wears very sober black pants and a shapeless white T-shirt, made dirty by the grease which has invaded up to his hands, which he wipes against a grey rag.
It's in all the newspapers, on TV, and everywhere on the Internet: Philipp Sherrer, 37 years old, horn player at the Royal London Orchestra, was killed during a performance, in front of hundreds of witnesses, and his murderer is still unknown.
as a safeword. It is very... sophisticated."
"He has two flatmates pretty alive, if it is any consolation... in any way," adds the detective, doing a vague gesture with his left hand.
He now passes to the second button, which he's taking care of with the same application, taking his time.
"Oh no, of course."
"Okay, then yes."
"Like, every year," Lestrade and Holmes answer at the same time with such an obvious confidence that it's clear that all of this hides something.
Do you have a boyfriend? -J
John booked two single rooms on the way. The hotel, chosen by the detective, is actually quite chic, with a pretty receptionist and nice decoration. They take their keys and go up together, seeing as John failed to find the right words to please the pretty brunette. With Sherlock around, he just can't seduce. Yes, he’s a pleasant man; he's not the one who says so, but he’s heard it enough to believe it.
"Of course not, but as they had no barbiturates at the bar, I took what looked the most like it."
Sitting in front of her is a man with really small brown and grey curls garnishing his thick head, illuminated by two blue, small, watery pupils. He's so large he seems to not be at ease on the small chair. His podgy fingers are pressing awkwardly on the table in the center of the room and the untimely sniffling makes him look like a big child.
"You went to question Anna Sanchez?"
"Of course, the idea that a musician can be shot down on stage is terrifying."
Jim Moriarty, the man they were chasing for a few months, turned around, taking out the origin of the strident bell: a mobile so modern John had never seen one like it. Jim brought it to his ear before whispering a 'Sorry', for the only detective of the room who seemed barely disturbed by the intrusion. The chlorinated water aground on the pool side was slowly moving back up the doctor's trousers, reaching his calf which made him shiver under the cold and odious feeling of the sticky fabric. And even if John hated being all wet with his clothes on, as much as he hated to sing
John jumps with surprise and tries to put back the blue box, but in his haste, he gives a blow to the small metallic stalk which held the set, which collapses in a light cardboard noise - but it's already far too much for the doctor.
"That like… I don't know… I never would have done a parachute jump without a parachute."
They drive without a word for twenty minutes, which are as long as they are boring, before the car parks in a vacant lot. It's really embarrassing because John already went through this staging, so he sighs more than anything and doesn't even salute Anthea n°16 before slamming the door behind him and entering the red brick building. It must be an ancient slaughterhouse, judging from the rails fixed to the ceiling and the hooks hanging on them. There's also the smell of petrol and paint tracks a bit further near the gigantic metallic door, so John doesn't have to think too hard to understand that this place is a refuge used to disguise stolen cars too. The staging is simply grotesque.
Sherlock lets out a hot burst of laughter which John dreads to understand, but that doesn't stop him from looking at the white revealed throat.
Moriarty is back. And nothing has ever been so shitty.
"Sherlock, it's..." begins the blond-haired man, voice quiet because sometimes his friend has the innocence of a child whom he doesn't dare to confront with the difficulty of the real world. "He is sick, I mean... He was born this way, he..." but the words don't come.
"Beautiful,
"Okay, but when I get back, we stop talking about Sherrer's murder."
Sherlock hardly smiles before continuing on with his very accurate inspection. He has an incredible gaze, clearer than ever, and it's those eyes that John can't leave. The detective's hand gets up a bit higher, on the left side near the ribs he's guessing to roll under skin that is traveled by delicate shivers. This time he examines a finer scar and his eyebrows frown slightly:
"What are you doing?!" John whispers, raising his head to observe his flatmate over the letter.
“The dome.”
Sherlock enters the debate and his host begins to laugh at the youngest's eating habits - which seems perfectly fine with him going by his amused smile. He is seated at the end of the table, legs crossed in a sophisticated gesture, fingers banging a soft rhythm on the sewn tablecloth.
"Why?" asked Lestrade. He put his fists against his hips, his tired eyes filled with lack of sleep and caffeine already expiring -
John opens his eyes and maybe they're so red because he had them closed with such strength that Sherlock's shoulders tighten, but it's especially because Sherlock
"He wore a vest full of Semtex for an hour and almost got killed, don't you think he'll need some psychological support?"
"It is clear that she did not tell her son because of his cardiac problems and as she is afraid that a mail or a phone call will give away the truth, she has been overprotective of him for the last few months."
However, facing the huge glass door spinning around, John forgets all of those anxiety dust and comes back to the very concrete reality of the Armani costumes and Ted Baker dresses surrounding him, like caviar surrounds the fly. It's a bit embarrassing, so he closes up his leather path cord vest and lowers his chin in response to all the other raised around him. He has never been in a concert hall this classy, and it smells pound up to the
"There's not too much hot pepper?" she wonders, slightly worried.
"He had his brain all over the stage, then?"
"I beg your pardon?" asks the botanist, who leans forward to hear the detective better; with the loud music around them, it's so easy to get misunderstood.
What about you, what does your sister do? -SH
"Jared!" she shouts through the huge open-space to be sure that everybody hears her. "Jared I'm going to take you out of here and we'll get married, I swear! You hear me? I swear!"
And John can't say
He shushes his last resentments in a second and diligently unrolls the condom down the entire length of the cock in front of his face. When he realises that he's not putting his hand on the length simply to be sure he put the condom on well but also to continue to make Sherlock moan, he knows that the knot located somewhere behind his navel has disappeared.
Sherlock raises an eyebrow and John mentally congratulates himself for at least once in his life achieving to surprise the detective. But the pride is short-lived when the face of the brown-haired man suddenly gets tense and his jaw squeezes. Sherlock looks
listened. You know Sherlock, I think it was the best present someone could have give him. He told me so, by the way, that it was the first time someone was interested in him. He told me about his little shows without any audience, the polite applause. Oh of course he told me about the orchestra too and its success, but a
"It was the time when my wife and I began to have... difficulties, let's say. She was spending the holidays with her family in Salisbury and I was staying in London with Sherlock, it was perfectly fine with me. "
John's skin gets whiter one second before colouring to a dark pink, which the doctor looks at, stunned. He raises his eyes as slowly as possible and when they meet those of his flatmate, he doesn't even try to retain the formless complaint which grumbles in his closed mouth. Sherlock leaves the tip of the crop against his hand and everything in his attitude inspires a sort of bestial respect. His almond eyes take on a denser, darker colour. A troubled water where John's body feels itself sinking.
"I think that's what we want both."
01:19 AM
. I was never really close to this kind of personality."
“I just lifted up the blanket.”
"That's what we need."
"Okay, first I'm not a complete idiot. Secondly, did you really just compare music to food;
"Oh I know. But for what I'm planning to do to you, I don't want you anything but sober."
John contorts a little bit in his chair to try to perceive the door of the cellar, but he just feels the small trickle of fresh air which escapes from it. He gets up almost immediately and apologises to his host and to his friend by explaining to them he's going to get a jumper. Now that he knows the hiding place, he is not going to freeze anymore. He climbs the steps, humming on the air "Jingle Bells" by Bobby Helms. But once he arrives on the first floor, the music goes out little by little until he pushes the door of his flatmate's bedroom and no more sound reaches him. He switches on the ceiling light, approaches the cupboard and he has to open the double door before realizing how strange all of this is.
The actor who's supposed to be you isn't convincing for one bit. -J
There's a long silence following the engineer's words, where Lestrade is more down trodden than ever and where John's spirit seem touched by the Holmes grace, because the above-named is always in an unbearable lethargy:
"She can't hear you from here."
John stops, hands squeezed around the letter while those of his flatmate close around his pectoral muscles and his teeth nibble the swollen skin. The doctor has the reflex to want to move his pelvis but the strength Sherlock's exercising above him is enough to make him understand that he's not supposed to make the slightest gesture.
For a football fan, John feels a little ashamed of never having visited the city of Manchester. This task is now completed even if it is 10:30 p.m. and that everything he'll see will be the hotel's bedding and the small chocolate on his pillow. They could have stayed in a roadside motel, but the simple idea made John sick, and Sherlock had an overwhelming desire to tell him all the murders committed in such motels those past six years. Thanks, but no way.
"I'm fine Sherlock, I didn't..."
“So you can easily guess where Moriarty is hiding.”
The hand of the youngest tightens, he holds him, prevents him from falling and assists him to stand up a little more. But John doesn't imagine himself refusing his help, because he knows that he couldn't make it without Sherlock.
"Doctor Watson is going to assist me during this interview," explains Lestrade by taking place on his leather armchair.
"Okay, what just happened?"
"Very well, third movement," orders Sherlock, putting his hands on the rail of the feasible.
The last drop of the liquid with thousands of small bubbles slides into his glass before Sherlock smiles, more beautiful than ever:
“I'm going out.”
February 19th.
"Always."
John frowns one second but of course, it's crystal clear.
allows him to spend
He doesn't quite know who has been hit or where, but the dark blood in which he's walking makes him realise the worst already happened. Laid down on his back, arms in shape of a cross and his eyes closed, there's a forty years old man. The left side of his face covered in blood. The doctor comes to his knees and leans two fingers on the man's neck but it comes as no surprise, he doesn't feel any pulse. Slightly, he turns the head of the dead man and pinches his lips when he sees the gaping wound right behind his left ear.
John's lips open and close twice before he understands that he won't be able to answer. He puts himself on his knees, avoids hundreds of papers surrounding them and helps Sherlock pull the last box closed with an adhesive tape which he hardly remove. Inside, there's a dark grey costume inlayed with small twinkling pearls which John saw worn in pictures of a representation where Sherrer was playing Hamlet. He removes it with delicacy, inspects it briefly and puts it on the bed, whereas Sherlock brings out a shoe box filled with letters which he starts to read. John sighs before murmuring:
John's mind is slowing erasing the image of Moriarty's face, eyes and mouth closed, without any blood. He murmurs:
"Of course. The failure of this case isn't a secret to anyone, especially at Scotland Yard. Holmes understood that it was about time that he calls on professionals, so, here I am."
"You were
"So you are, after all..."
"I'm sure I'd be a terrible parachute."
He quickly coughs and Sherlock just nods once, what's enough for him. He slides awkwardly into his boxers, still trying to hide himself, but Sherlock, seated with his back supported by the wooden head-board, is looking at an indistinct point at the bottom of the room. It's very strange to think about, but it doesn't seem to the doctor that his flatmate touched himself. Yet he still looks like he has just been through an orgasm. Maybe John's was so powerful that it was enough for the detective. It's a bit presumptuous to think about that, but that doesn't leave the fair head.
"In seven Christmases, that's the first time he has helped, right?"
"Two things: in the first place, I'm going to see Benjamin Cox again. Remember what Steele said, Benjamin knew everything about the orchestra. If I see him without his mother, I'll manage to make him admit what he knows."
Sherlock doesn't answer -
"Are you ready?"
"A word?"
The two men look at each other and Sherlock smiles before pressing his two thumbs on the small metal end cap. He's so slow lifting up the lid John's heart starts beating uncomfortably. They never know what they'll end up finding. In more than a year spent beside him, there has been over one hundred instances where the doctor has seen Sherlock getting on his knees next to a bed before taking out a box from underneath, in which people have hidden their secrets; from the embarrassing picture of an ex they want to forget to human organs - that
"It was supposed to be placed in your coat. Oh, really, it was supposed to be a one or two week pastime, maximum. I would have never guessed that we would live it for a year..."
, because this is completely different," says the detective with the simplest smile.
11:38 PM
The owner, William, a thirty-year-old bearded man gives them the Wi-Fi password before their bedroom key. Changing times.
"Madam Sanchez, you're married to a musician of the orchestra, right?" intervenes John, too comfortably seated in the warmth to be kicked out of the house because of his flatmate's indelicacy.
