The thought consumed the unicorn that he was the last. He paced his woods and paid the creatures that lived there little attention. He had never minded being alone, secure in the knowledge that there were others like him. Well, similar to him, for he was the only unicorn whose coat resembled a raven’s wing. All others of his kind were the color of freshly fallen snow. Although he was different from the others, he had never minded, for he was still a unicorn.
The man scoffed. “I have been mistaken for a black stallion enough times; why could you not just change me into that? I may have been dying in such a body, but at least it would be one that I am accustomed to.”
Dean’s lips curved up in the corners, and he gave a small shake of his head. “Nope, you’re just gonna have to wait and see. We’re almost there, got about another five minutes.”
The trees were once again light green, and flower buds were blooming as Dean entered what must have been the hundredth forest he had come across. He was running out of hope and was starting to consider returning home, back to his brother and friends. He looked around him and called out, “Cas, Cas! Please, Cas, if you hear me, come to me!”
Cas cupped Dean’s cheek, forcing the man to look at him. “First of all, he’s our son. Yours, Sam’s, and mine. Second of all, why in the world would you think you weren’t good enough for me?” Cas paused, his eyes softening. “This has to do with me becoming human, doesn’t it?”
“It has been a while since we’ve visited with Benny. I know Claire and Jack will enjoy a vacation. It’s been a rough school year for Claire with Kaia moving away and Jack going through three different teachers. A family getaway will be nice for them… and for us. You and Sam have been so busy lately and we haven’t spent a lot of time together in a while.” Cas placed a few kisses of his own to the back of Dean’s hand.
Jack took a seat next to Sam. “They are imbued with archangel grace and even a bit of God’s powers himself. I’ve added some strength to them as well. Michael’s been helping me understand and control my powers. He took me to a pocket dimension where time passed differently than it does here. I’ve got a pretty good hang on things now.”
The unicorn kept walking but answered, “Yes, it was true magic. The first that I’ve seen you perform.”
Cas shook his head, still refusing to look up. “Um, no, not really, but I’m not all that great with situations like this. I find talking to strangers very hard to do.”
Cas shook his head. “Dean, you shouldn’t sell yourself short. Being a teacher is no easy feat.” Suddenly, Eileen’s words flashed across Cas’ head. “Wait, you don’t happen to teach kindergarten and have a sister-in-law named Eileen who works as a receptionist at the elementary school?”
“Now, now the magic must come to me,” Meg thought. She searched deep inside her soul and felt… nothing. There wasn’t even a spark of power as there had been when she called Robin Hood and when she first changed Castiel. Her shoulders slumped. “Rowena and Amara were right. I’m not a magician; I’m just good for mild entertainment.”
Ellen stood from her seat and put a gentle hand on her adoptive nephew’s shoulder. “Dean don’t beat yourself up. You aren’t the first and sadly you won’t be the last. As you heard Cas say, a lot of his teachers have a hard time accepting him. I just hope from now on, you won’t be so quick to judge others.”
They had just pulled into the mall's parking lot and Dean stopped in a spot near the back to ensure nobody would hit Baby. He cut the engine and then turned so that he could face his boyfriend. Cas was staring at the window, stubbornly not looking at Dean.
Crowley had led the group to the next cage, and his voice rang across the clearing. “This is the phoenix, a bird that can burst into flames at will. Its wings are like touching a steel blade and will cut through bone like it’s butter. He can live for centuries, dying and being reborn over and over again. Creatures of night, brought to light.”
Now, months after beating the biggest evil of them all -God himself- Dean and Cas could finally rest. They had spent nearly a year trying to devise a plan that would allow them to end God and keep the world intact. Along with the help of their friends, family, and a few surprising allies, they had managed to kill Chuck and make Jack the new God. He had abolished the deal between Cas and the Shadow, saying without the seraph’s help, Chuck would have never been defeated, and they would all be a forgotten memory. The Shadow had grudgingly agreed to accept the deal but on one condition: Castiel had to give up his grace so that he would be human and would never be able to disturb the Shadow’s slumber again.
Dean beamed at him, replying, “We are so going home and cuddling on the couch. I don’t know if I’m going to puke or pass out. My stomach is in knots.”
Cas dug his fingers in deeper, hoping to relax the tight muscles of Dean’s neck and shoulders. “How about we start low to begin with? We’ll work our way up to the clouds where the real view is. Don’t you trust me beloved?”
“Oh dear, I know a lot of stuff. I’ve been around for a few centuries or five. Now, come over here by my cauldron and talk to me. Let’s see what I can do for you,” she said as she beckoned him closer.
“I’ll pay you handsomely if you get rid of the dragon that lives on the edge of my kingdom,” king Crowley said from his throne.
The creature nodded his head once. He slowly laid down, wrapping his tail around himself. He lowered his head until it was level with Dean. The hunter stared into a large pair of sapphire blue eyes.
Everyone was up early the next morning. Dean and Sam were dressed with the weapons Michael had given them the previous morning hidden somewhere on them. Jack had used his powers to conjure up some food and they were eating silently when Michael showed up.
Jack nodded his head in understanding. “I tried. I tried to bring him back again, but I couldn’t. I’m sorry Dean.”
“Jo, go into my office and bring some of the spare clothes I keep in there. Grab some for Dean too since you soaked him.”
Without a word being said, Dean wrapped his hand over his boyfriend’s. He showed him how to add pressure in just the right spot to wring more pleasure out of them both. Within minutes, both of them were left gasping and shivering as their orgasms crashed through them, their combined semen dripping from their hands onto the wood below.
Their gazes remained locked with one another as Cas plunged into Dean’s body over and over again. He could feel his orgasm building as his dick was continuously squeezed by Dean’s slick channel. Fire burned in his gut and ran rampant through his veins. He reached out to pump Dean’s cock, wanting him to reach completion before Cas did.
A thin woman with long brown hair and a pale face stormed from the tent. “I’ll not have it, Chuck. The soup is too thin as it is.” Her voice had a slight slur to it as she talked, and Meg wondered what had caused it. The woman glanced at the magician with obvious disgust. “Just gut her and be done with it.”
“You really expect us to believe that? You really think I’m stupid enough to believe that this man is some mythological creature? Just tell me the truth, Dean! Are you trying to hide something? Did you kill somebody?” Ellen asked angrily.
Even for a college student, the man in front of Dean was well built. He was tall with a lithe but muscular figure. He had a mess of black hair, a strong chin, and a pair of blue eyes that were mesmerizing. Dean’s eyes traveled lower and he gulped. The man had a flat stomach, hipbones sharp enough you could yourself on, and extra thick thighs. He was every wet dream Dean ever had come to life.
The two boys walked out of class together, Cas drawing as he walked. Dean kept an eye out to make sure Castiel didn’t run into anything, but he didn’t need it. The other student avoided every obstacle with ease. They said their goodbyes as they parted ways, Dean going to science and Cas walking towards the art building.
Jack looked at Dean, nibbling on his lower lip. “Do you mind that Daddy has me? Or are you like Uncle Mike and grandma and grandpa who thinks Daddy should have gotten rid of me?”
“Trust me cher, I’ve got plenty of ideas but first I need to get some food in you or else you might not have enough strength,” Benny quipped.
Dean stepped forward and reached out a hand to Cas, afraid the unicorn would jerk away, but he didn’t. Dean’s fingers trailed down Cas’ neck before coming up to stroke down his nose. “I don’t care what form we are in, Cas. I love you, and I know that you still love me, too.”
He quickly added a second finger and started stretching them, eager to slide his cock into Dean’s tight hole. He watched as his fingers were sucked in; the sight was extremely erotic. He couldn’t help but reach down and pump his own dick a few times. He realized Dean was doing the exact same thing.
“It does seem to be your worst problem Dean. Your addiction to alcohol is affecting all other aspects of your life. I believe if we can deal with that problem, then we can fix a lot of your other problems,” Castiel explained.
“We’re not that hard to shop for, Dean. Jack likes books, racecars, and animals, and I like books, bees, and painting. What about you? If you insist on getting us gifts, I must insist on getting you something.” Cas stared at Dean expectantly.
Cas and Dean started laughing, and even Jack smiled. “Hey, how about we all go to my friend’s bakery down the street. Charlie makes the best pies and cupcakes. I’m pretty sure I could convince her to make you a whole batch of orange cupcakes with lemon frosting. Does that sound good, Jack?” Dean asked, trying to lighten the mood.
The butterfly took to the sky, singing, “Lavender's blue, dilly dilly, lavender's green, When I am king, dilly dilly, you shall be queen. Who told you so, dilly dilly, who told you so? 'Twas mine own heart, dilly dilly, that told me so.” He flew in a few circles before flying into the shelter of the night, disappearing from sight.
Though the movie was highly inaccurate, Castiel did find himself enjoying it. Mainly because of the romance between Ariel and Eric, something he himself had always dreamed of. He had heard humans complain before of how unrealistic it was for a person to fall for someone with just one look, but he found that he was experiencing that with Dean. Already, he was deeply attached to the man. He wasn’t looking forward to leaving him behind when he returned to the water.
He grabbed his friend’s hand and tugged, but Cas didn’t move. He turned his head so he could look at Dean.
Eileen continued to glare at Meg and said, “Give me your cloak. He can’t walk around in nothing but his bare skin.” She didn’t even give Meg a chance before she was reaching out and pulling it roughly from her shoulders. She laid the cloak over the man’s body and tucked it around him as much as possible. Eileen looked back at the magician and asked, “Just how do you plan on changing him back? He can’t stay a man forever.”
A while later, Dean fell asleep curled up in Cas’ bed. If he pretended hard enough, he could still smell Cas’ ozone scent that was embedded in the pillow and blankets. His dreams were full of blue eyes and trench coats. When he woke up the next morning, he came to slowly. Miracle was curled at his feet, and he scratched his foot along the dog’s back.
Chuck grinned as he listened to Meg’s tale. He elbowed Eileen and said, “See, she does know who we are! And you thought she was just a fraud.”
She rushed forward, and Meg could barely step in front of her before she reached the unicorn. “How dare you talk to him that way?”
The next few weeks had been a blur for Cas. He was caught in a roller coaster of grief for his lost girlfriend and exhaustion because of his growing infant. If it hadn’t been for Michael and Gabriel, Cas wasn’t sure he would have made it. They took care of Ellie’s funeral preparations and babysat Jack when Cas’ grief became too much. When the funeral finally came, all Cas remembered were the fond words for Ellie and watching her casket get lowered into the ground next to her parents.
Dean jerked his head up, his eyes comically wide. “Wait, you’re Emmanuel Milton? Dude, I love your books! I know they aren’t advertised for adults, but I love a good dragon story as much as the next. I’ve been eagerly waiting for the third one. Geez, I can’t believe I get a soulmate who is as successful as you. All I’ve done is gone to college and become a teacher.”
“The clock is just a representation of time, a concept made up by humans. You can make any time correct if you wish it. So, while that clock might not strike the time you think it is, it can strike the time you want it to. Once you realize that, you will be able to walk through the clock as if you are walking through time. Now, I’ve kept up my end of the bargain. Give me the wine,” the skull demanded.
Dean started choking on his sandwich and grabbed for his beer bottle. He took a long swallow before placing the bottle back on the table. The two men stared at him in confusion.
Kevin snorted. “Boy, ain’t that the truth. Dean has even tried talking to a squirrel a time or two. Well, congrats, you two, on finding each other. I know that’s all Dean’s wanted for a while now, and I think you two are a great match.”
Castiel shook his head, trying to clear the depressing thoughts from his head. “I am Castiel, lover to Prince Dean, and I’m not a prisoner here. Dean would take me away from this place if only he could.” He reached up to touch the moon-shaped mark on his forehead, dismayed that it would not disappear, although it had faded over the past months.
Dean chewed on his lip as he slowly nodded his head. “Yeah, he said a faggot wasn’t welcome in his home.”
Ellen stood up and the three of them turned around. Once their backs were turned, Cas shifted back to his human form. Dean helped him out of the ruined clothes before tossing him the clothes Jo had brought back. Cas slipped into them quickly and then put his flip flops back on while Dean threw the clothes in the trash. He quickly stripped his clothes and changed into the dry ones.
Dean felt his boyfriend tense next to him in fear. He backed up and tried to hide behind Dean’s taller frame. Dean glared at the woman in front of him. “Ellen, quit yelling at him. He really wanted to but…”
Sam and Jack were speechless after hearing Michael’s speech. The archangel looked at his nephew. “We have the chance to stop my father. Together we can undo everything. We can bring everybody back, set the world right.”
“I also haven’t lived in this town for years, Dean. Considering you are the first person I befriended, it makes sense that most of my friends right now would also be yours. Although, I’m not sure you would call Rufus my friend. As you so kindly pointed out, we’ve hardly spent any time away from each other. When would I have had a chance to make friends?” Cas asked from where he was laying on the couch.
Dean wanted to deny his feelings about Cas, but he had kept the truth from Sam for so long. He was tired of lying to his brother. Dean sobbed, “I lied about me and Benny!”
The magician flinched as Eileen walked towards her. Eileen poked Meg hard in the chest as she said, “Why are you here?”
Dean glanced up and was surprised to see a familiar but unexpected face. He walked over to a man he hadn’t seen in years. “Sonny, what are you doing here?”
Sam grinned brightly at him as he headed out the door. Dean got dressed and headed to the kitchen. After a small breakfast and couple cups of coffee, they headed out to their workshop to get started on their orders for the day. Thankfully, they only had five orders to complete and then they would be able to take some time off.
Cas put his fingers to Dean’s forehead and in seconds, the color returned to Dean’s skin as his body once more had enough blood to sustain it. He checked for any other wounds but there were none. The djinn had done what they always do, knock their prey unconscious, and then drain them of their blood.
He couldn’t help but groan when a hand landed on his ass. “I see you’ve become a brat in the six weeks we’ve been separated. It’s a good thing I love you.”
“You said a skull and a clock? Both are located in the main hall, but the skull has never spoken, and that clock rings when it wants. As for wine, I haven’t seen any in this castle all the time I’ve been here.” Eileen knew Charlie was growing bored with her and would soon fall silent. “Answer me one last question. Do you know where the unicorns are?”
Dean reached out, grabbing Cas’ slim fingers in his. He turned and looked at Dean, his blue eyes glittering in the low light of the nearby sconce. “You shouldn’t be so quick to dismiss a recurring dream. I’ve been told they are warnings of the future or reminders of the past. Please, Cas, tell me more of your dream, and maybe I can help you figure it out.”
“What do you think will happen when he comes home to find you gone? He deserves to know. Just like he deserves to know how you really feel about him,” she said sternly.
“You are telling me you are failing at your job Castiel? No human you’ve been assigned to watch has ever faltered under your care.”
“You’re a fool,” Eileen shouted. “You might be a magician, but you are by far the most idiotic one I’ve ever seen!”
Dean buried his laughter against Cas’ skin. “The sunlight woke me up. We forgot to make sure the curtains were completely closed last night.”
“Dean,” Sam cried, rushing to his brother. He helped Dean to his feet and wiped at the blood still trickling down Dean’s face. “Are you ok?”
They spent a few more minutes enjoying the quiet silence and finally being in each other’s arms. They broke apart when there was a soft knock on Dean’s door. “Cas, Dean, are you guys gonna come out and open presents with us?” Jack asked.
Castiel couldn’t help but throw his arms around her neck. She froze, having never been touched by another siren in such a way. She relaxed and returned the affection.
“Merry Christmas, Gabe. Have you already broken into your candy stash? You’re awful cheery for it being so early,” Cas said, standing to his feet and stretching.
When he returned to the apartment, Cas was glad to see Dean was still gone. He hurried to the bathroom and stripped out of his wet clothes. He took a quick shower, sighing as the heat spread through his cold body. Once he was dressed, he settled on the couch once again. He grabbed his phone and dialed the number on the paper. He both wanted Sam to answer and for him to not to.
Cas’ lips turned up at one corner. “You’re right, but you are one of the most gorgeous sights I’ve ever laid eyes on. The painters of the Renaissance would have died to have a model of your grandeur.”
Meg shrugged. “I think so, but do humans ever know when they are truly happy? And what about you? Are you happy?”
They said goodbye to one another before Cas left and was on his way back to Dean. He flew back until he was a ten-minute walk away. When he walked into the parking lot of the garage, he found Dean still cleaning up.
“The next reaper that died turned into Death. So, what? You want me to go kill another reaper and have a new Death? I’m not too keen on meeting a new Death right now,” Dean snapped.
He looked up at Cas and the man showed nothing but absolute resolve. “It’s crazy but I do trust you Cas.”
“You see, don’t you?” Castiel asked, sorrow filling his voice. “You’re looking into my eyes, and you can see the truth. When I first changed, the human was like a disguise, that form hanging over me like a cloak. Now... now it grips me tight and wraps around my bones, refusing to let go. My true form is receding more and more every day, and I find myself forgetting my purpose for being here more often than not.
“Oh hush, with Charlie’s hookup, we never have to worry about money. You were the one who said since we were doing a normal human life, we needed to go all out. I would be lying if I said I wasn’t looking forward to today. I can’t wait to marry you in a few hours.”
Benny sighed. “Dean, I mean this with no disrespect, but you haven’t done a lot lately to earn my trust. You’ve been late with the rent for months now, you haven’t had a steady job in longer, you’ve become an alcoholic, you…”
They lay there silently, trying to calm their racing heartbeats. Dean ran his fingers through Cas’ sweaty hair, the man purring at the attention. Cas placed a few soft kisses to Dean’s chest before leaning forward and kissing him soundly on the lips.
Cas pulled him in for another kiss and Dean let his mouth be claimed by the older man. He could feel his cock hardening and he couldn’t help but roll his hips. He gasped when he felt Cas’ erection slide against his own.
“Yeah, well, he is the more sensible of the two of you. You want me to warm that up for you,” she offered, nodding towards the food.
I’m no longer an angel, but I’ve come to realize that’s not what I’m meant to be. I’m meant to be human, and I’m meant to be it with you. My purpose is to love you, support you, and spend the rest of my days by your side. From here on out, I will be here for every burger and pie you scarf down. I will be with you for every drive through the countryside you take Baby on. I’ll be there for the bad days, too. I promise that you’ll never face another demon alone again.
“Ellen, he’s telling the truth. I’ve seen it with my own eyes. Cas really is a… a siren. If it wasn’t for him, we probably would have lost Dean,” Sam said solemnly.
Eileen nodded. “You’re the one that reminded him he is a hero, and now he must do what heroes do. He loves Castiel, and you tricked him.”
Dean looked at Cas, a soft smile on his lips. “You’re my sunshine, honeybee. Thank you for being mine. I love you… to the stars and back.”
“Of course, freckles. Let me pick out the one I like the most and then I’ll put the other two back,” Cas replied.
A sigh escaped Dean’s mouth. “Fine, I’m giving you five minutes. If I’m not impressed by then, we’re returning to the ground where humans are supposed to be.”
“Dean,” Sam gasped before he buried his head against Dean’s shoulder. Sobs shook his shoulders as he mourned the loss of his brother, the one person who had been there for his entire life. He pulled back to look at his brother. “Bye Dean, thank you for always looking out for me. Now, go look out for yourself.”
“Oh man, I can’t wait to meet your brother,” Dean said, shoving the last of his pie in his mouth. “I have a feeling we’ll get along just fine.” He glanced down at the mark on his wrist and grinned. “I still can’t believe I finally found you. It’s scary how accurate our mark is. I mean, you’re a published author, and I adore cherry pie.”
The woman looked up and smiled brightly at them. As she spoke, she moved her hands, and Cas realized that she was deaf. He watched her eyes widen in surprise when he signed back, telling her, “Hello. How are you doing?”
The magician ignored him. “Come, let’s get moving. It will be daylight soon, and I do not want Rowena’s wrath upon us.”
Sam hugged Dean tightly. “It’s ok, take the time you need. Why don’t we go build that dresser Ellen ordered to take your mind off things?”
Cas looked up, his eyes locking with Dean’s. He tilted his head slightly and asked, “Is that what you want with me, Dean? Start a life together and be a family?”
Cas moved to stand next to Dean, and they intertwined their fingers and held up their hands, putting their marks on full display. They leaned forward, their lips meeting in the middle for a kiss. Jack stood underneath them, wearing the shocked expression he had shown Dean. There was a bright flash, indicating the picture was taken, and then Jack was running forward, eager to see the picture.
“Well, yeah, he kind of lives here. Our father managed to trap him a long time ago, and he has never left. Do you know of the Bull?” Dean asked.
As Dean stared at his husband, his gaze traveled to Cas’ eyes. They were like the ocean on a bright sunny day, the rays reflecting off the water, causing it to glow and sparkle. As always, when Cas was extremely happy, his eyes crinkled and his nose scrunched up. His smile was dazzling, and Dean couldn’t help but lean forward and press another chaste kiss to his mouth.
Dean Winchester’s life was shit, no other way around it! He took another sip of beer from the bottle he held in his hand before sitting it down on the brick wall next to the already empty bottle. Dean huddled into the denim jacket he wore as a breeze flowed through the tops of the trees that surrounded him. His green eyes were empty as he gazed at the scenery in front of him, not taking any of it in. His eyes flicked to the statue next to him.
“I love you Cas, and I’m gonna make one more decision out of love,” Dean whispered to himself softly. He looked at the Empty. “Bring Cas back.”
Dean’s eyelids fluttered open. They were full of lust as Dean stared at the man above him. “Please, honeybee, need you. Want you,” Dean begged.
Cas placed his hand on Dean’s left shoulder while Dean placed his hand on Cas’ right shoulder. They then held their free hands out to Jack. “Ready?” Jack whispered.
Dean jerked awake as Miracle jumped on the bed and started licking him in the face. “Hey, boy, good morning to you, too,” Dean said as he wrapped his arms around the dog’s neck and buried his face in the thick fur.
Dean and Cas go on their first official date. When Dean has to take Cas back to the ocean immediately, everything goes wrong and the only solution is for Cas to go back to the ocean permanently. Will he and Dean find a way back to each other?
“No can do, little brother! Not my style! You know I have a pair of fuzzy handcuffs you two could make use of,” Gabe said with a dramatic eyebrow wiggle.
Dean felt his heart stop and was about to say something, but then a shape started forming next to the Empty. He watched with bated breath as the shape took form, and then Cas was standing in front of him.
“I am listening,” the unicorn cried. “Where are my people, and what is the Red Bull! Please, butterfly, tell me!”
“It’s one thing I won’t mind getting used to.” Sam checked his watch. “We’ve gotta get going in a few minutes. I’ve got something to give you.” Sam went to his duffel bag and pulled out a small box. He handed it to Dean. “Here’s your something new.”
Dean’s eyes snapped open and his mouth dropped open as a moan slipped past his lips when Cas wrapped his long fingers around his leaking cock. “Cas, holy shit!”
“Jack and I were talking, and we think that the best plan is to just go for the kill. No traps and no sneak attacks, we go after my father head on,” Michael explained.
“Alright, Jack, we need to go find a couple of sticks for his arms and some rocks for his eyes and buttons,” Cas said.
He visited Soaps and Scents and put together a large gift basket for Gilda. Her favorite pastime was to spend hours taking bubble baths, and she adored the eco-friendly products from that particular store. Dean walked around a couple of other stores and managed to find a new knife set for Benny to replace his personal set that was stolen from the restaurant he worked at. He bought Sam a new watch, a briefcase, and a bottle of his favorite cologne. He stopped by the smoke shop to pick up Ash’s preferred cannabis and wraps.
If looks could kill, Dean would have been a pile of ash. “You know what creature I’m talking about. The siren, where is the siren?”
“Bah,” the older man growled. “We don’t have to do anything. They are strangers and probably greedy beggars looking for free food.”
Meg spoke slowly and enunciated her words. “I didn’t choose to be here, my lady.” Meg glanced at Michael and his horse. “I was brought here against my will. I promise I mean no harm, although I’m sure you don’t believe that.”
He heard Ellen’s gasp, but he didn’t look up, he couldn’t look up. “Wait a minute. You guys broke up right after you had to go to the hospital because you got mugged. Dean, are you saying what I think you’re saying?”
Cas looked at the clock on his nightstand and groaned. It wasn’t even seven yet, and he had gone to bed late the previous night, working on his manuscript. It looked like coffee would be necessary this morning if he planned on making it through the day. Cas focused back on Jack, who was wriggling in his lap with excitement at the prospect of getting his favorite breakfast. Cas suddenly reached out and started tickling his son, causing Jack to burst into laughter. “Here comes the tickle monster!”
“Yeah, that’s kind of how it is in a place like this. So, where’s your brother at anyways,” Sam asked over the roar of the crowd.
Cas dropped the lists onto the rickety coffee table and sat next to the distraught man. “We will think of something tomorrow. It’s late and you are tired; maybe you should head to bed.”
Michael held his hand out to Jack who took it. Their eyes flashed colors before they snapped their fingers at the same time. They dropped hands quickly. Jack looked at Sam and Dean with a bright smile. “It’s done! Everyone is back!”
“There’s nothing I wouldn’t do for you, honeybee,” Dean said, pressing another loving kiss to Cas’ mouth.
Dean dropped back to the bed with a groan. Sunlight was filtering through his curtains, and he knew he wouldn’t be able to fall back asleep. He lay there for a few minutes, staring at the ceiling as he tried to rid his mind of the last dregs of sleep. Dean rubbed at his tired eyes before slinging his legs over the side of the bed and sliding his feet into slippers, which were shaped like red racecars. They had been a gag gift from his brother years ago, but they were too comfy for Dean to chuck in the trash.
“I have so much stuff Sam will kill me if I bring any more leopard shark souvenirs home. If you want it though, you should get it.” He looked at the items Cas had already picked out. “Do you really need three seadragon plushies? You can get everything else, but would you be willing to get just one seadragon and then you can get the shark?”
The king scoffed, and it was a dark, heavy sound. “You are right, my sons. They are here, and whether they mean my doom or not, I shall watch them for a little while. Maybe an air of disaster is what I need.” He looked at Meg. “You will be expected to entertain me at a moment’s notice or on a whim. You will perform all manners of tricks, anything you think will make me happy. You will not be paid since we both know you didn’t come here for that.”
They both got settled back in the car and this time Cas didn’t jump as bad. He still flinched, but Dean placed a light kiss to his knuckles which helped to calm him down. They pulled out of the parking lot and headed towards Dean’s house.
Meg moved towards the king quickly, and Eileen followed behind hesitantly. The king stared at them, his lips still set in a frown. He let out a heavy sigh. “Nothing there that I haven’t already seen. A magician who aspires to be more than she is and a woman unhappy with her past and hoping for a better future. That was everything I saw at the gates, but I let you in anyway.”
Dean winced and dropped his gaze. “Dad wasn’t too happy when I told him on graduation night and introduced him to my boyfriend at the time.”
“No, you’ve lied to me for years. Your lies to my family and me caused me to join this group in the first place. I shall not entertain you this night,” Metatron replied, his lute laying at his feet untouched.
“C’mon, Mom, when else will we have a chance to dance together?” Dean asked, grabbing his mom’s hand and pulling her close to his body.
“Yeah, angel dude, you seem more chill. You know, I could introduce you to some other stuff that will help keep you calm,” Ash said, pulling Dean and Cas in for a hug at the same time.
Dean and Cas kept walking until they were back at the house. In a few minutes, Eileen would fetch them for pictures, but they just wanted a few minutes together right now. As soon as the door shut behind them, Cas was pulling Dean into his arms and kissing him passionately.
In the morning light, the wagons of Rowena’s midnight carnival weren’t as menacing, looking like they would fall apart with a good gust of wind. They had been set up in a large circle with Rowena’s carriage in the middle. The draperies from the previous night had been pulled down and replaced with thin black banners, which advertised what creature the cage held captive behind its bars.
“It’s ok, monkey,” Dean said, scooping Jack into his arms. “Just gotta watch where you’re stepping because you might hurt someone. We’re not mad at you.”
Dean snorted. “Of course, it’s ok baby! I’ll never say no to getting to see you. I’m just glad your summer class was only for part of the summer and that we get to enjoy a whole month and a half of summer break together before you go back for your senior year.”
As they stared at each other, Cas reached out with the hand that wasn’t holding the flowers to cup Dean’s jaw. “Sweetheart, this is the most wonderful, thoughtful, amazing gesture anybody has ever done for me. I don’t even have words to describe how I feel right now. What in the world possessed you to do such a thing?”
“Are you always so impatient when making love with someone,” Cas chuckled as he pulled his lips away from Dean’s body.
“I’m counting on it. I’m counting on both of you. Now, get out of here. I got paperwork to do,” Benny said with a chuckle.
“I’m not blind, Dean, even I can see that. You haven’t smiled like you are right now in ages. It was nice to meet you Cas, if you need anything else, just let me know.” Gilda set a couple of forks on the table and walked away.
He was broken from his thoughts when his phone started ringing. Cas checked the caller ID and was surprised to see it was Gabe calling so early. “Hello.”
“Dean, quit sniffing the darn thing and bring it over here so we can all have a piece,” Bobby snapped.
Dean crushed Jack against his chest as he hugged him. “It was the best gift ever. Thank you,” Dean said around his tears. “You have nothing to apologize for. This night was perfect because of you.”
“I’m not smart like my brother; I’m just a grunt. Hunting things and saving people is all I’m good for. My dad was a hunter and he forced both of us to follow in his footsteps. Sam was never cut out for the life, so he packed his stuff and got on the next ship to America. I’m hoping to be able to join him soon,” Dean described. He moved closer to Castiel and handed him a few strips of the rabbit meat.
Jack puffed up in his seat, soaking up his father’s praise. Cas pressed a kiss to his forehead and then shut the door and slid into the driver’s seat. They drove to the small shopping plaza in the center of town, Cas hoping they would be able to get all of their shopping done that day. Thankfully, his list wasn’t very long. Besides Jack and Gabe, there were a few friends back home and his single shop employee, Kevin, that he had to buy gifts for. Even though Cas had been in town for nearly a month, he had been busy with the store and hadn’t made more than a few acquaintances. While Jack was bubbly and outgoing, Cas was much more reserved and found it difficult to form friendships.
Dean looked at the siren in awe, his eyes wide and his mouth hanging open. He took hesitant steps forward before squatting next to the siren. He reached out but paused, his hand hovering over the scaly tail. He looked towards Cas, silently asking permission. He nodded his head once and in the next instant, he was being touched by a human for the first time in his life. He jolted at the feeling of the warm skin against his scales.
“So, you and Jack kill God and then we kill you so you become God? And how the hell do I know this isn’t going to backfire all over again?” Dean looked at the archangel, barely an ounce of trust in him.
After a quick breakfast, Meg and Eileen picked up a few odd jobs around the town the following morning. They needed to earn some money so that they could purchase provisions for the rest of their journey. They stayed one more night before setting out for King Winchester’s castle.
They all watched Michael’s body, waiting with bated breath to see what would happen. Without warning, Jack’s body started glowing and then the light began spilling from him into Michael’s prone form. Once the last speck of light had flowed into Michael, he took a deep breath and then struggled to his feet. His eyes flashed blue before settling back to their normal color.
“Well, if he needs the support, Cas and I will be here for him. Let him take all the time he needs. Don’t let him think it’s a race to the finish line. I think I’m going to get going. Your brother needs you right now.” Gabe stuffed the last of his lunch in his mouth and headed out.
He pulled Baby through the onion field and stopped just a few feet away from the dilapidated building. Dean sat in the car for a few minutes, afraid to go inside and not find the angel he so desperately wanted to see. He finally gathered his courage and walked into the barn. He didn’t know what he was expecting but finding the place empty, wasn’t it. His shoulders slumped as he walked towards the center. He fell to his knees, his legs unable to support his weight any longer.
Cas pulled away, nodding his head in agreement. “That he is.” He pulled Jack in for a tight hug. “Oh, monkey, they are wonderful. Thank you. We love them, don’t we, Dean?” He glanced at Dean and snorted at the man shoving an entire cupcake into his mouth.
Dean started signing, but Cas paid no attention to the words as he grabbed both of Dean’s hands in his. He looked at Cas in confusion. “Say my name, Dean,” he insisted.
“Better to have loved than never loved at all, Cas. If he knows how you truly feel, maybe after you’re gone, that will give Dean something to hold onto. He’s going to need something when you’re gone, Castiel,” Missouri said softly.
Dean looked around his small, quiet house, apparent that he lived by himself. Only one pair of boots sat next to the door, and a single beanie, scarf, and jacket hung from the row of hooks on the wall next to the door. Besides a few basic necessities, Dean’s fridge was mostly empty because it was too much of a hassle to cook for one person every night. He had a single dinnerware set that only got used when his brother and girlfriend came over for dinner. The only reason Dean had enough coffee mugs for an army was that kindergartners insisted that they were the best teacher gift in the world. There was a lone pillow on Dean’s bed, and he only used half of his bedroom closet. There was just one toothbrush and razor in the bathroom. He longed for the day when he would be able to share his house with someone, to make it a home instead of just somewhere to live.
Cas’ lips crooked up, “I usually go running every morning and practice yoga at least three times a week. Although, I’ve hardly done either since we started dating.”
Meg watched the unicorn disappear into the brush before climbing the nearest tree. She had barely reached the lowest branch when she heard the sound of hoofbeats below her. Meg plastered herself to the tree trunk and stayed as still as possible. Her heart was beating erratically, and she wondered if the people beneath her could hear it.
He spent the next ten minutes setting up the summoning circle and preparing the ingredients as described. He pulled a knife from the bag and cut his palm, squeezing his hand so that blood dripped onto the circle below. He watched dispassionately as a familiar black ooze appeared in front of him. The ooze bubbled upwards and formed into a familiar figure. Dean stared at the entity before him who was wearing Meg’s face.
“I’m sorry baby. Forget about your class, now we have the rest of summer together. So, what do you want to do first?” Dean asked.
He started to walk off, but Meg grabbed his wrist. “You’re not going anywhere. I’m doing this for you! Maybe you are right, though. Getting the skull to speak might be enough.”
“Garth, that’s awesome, man, congratulations! I’m so happy for you guys!” Dean leaned across the counter and clapped the man on his shoulder. “You guys are gonna make excellent parents.”
Once out of the human’s grasp, he turned around to study him. Cas knew by human standards that he was extremely pleasing to the eye. He had dark blonde hair and bronze skin that was spackled with freckles. He had high cheekbones and a sharp chin with a five-o-clock shadow. He reached out and dragged a fingertip across the man’s cheek and plump lips. He shivered as he felt the man’s breath ghost over his skin.
Cas looked up and locked eyes with him. Dean was so lost in their depths, he never processed that Cas was leaning forward until a pair of lips pressed against his own. For a moment, he enjoyed the feel of another pair of lips against his.
He watched as Sam smirked at him and Cas tilted his head. “I live twenty minutes away on the opposite side of town. It would be out of your way to take me home Dean, but I appreciate the offer.”
The unicorn took a step back and shook his head. “You know better. I nor Ammit belong to anybody but ourselves. Keep your paltry shadows and illusions if you want, but let us go.”
After the savannah, they came to the South America area. Here they were able to see caimans, snakes, and other reptiles from the large continent. They also watched the baby jaguar cubs playing in their exhibit for nearly fifteen minutes. Cas’ favorite turned out to be the giant anteater because of the way he walked around his exhibit looking for food. They decided to eat lunch while in that area of the zoo. They sat outside to eat. Cas finished quickly and walked around while Dean finished his meal. When Dean finally caught up with Cas, he found the man sitting on a low brick wall listening to a couple of macaws.
Dean set his camera down carefully before jumping into the pool with a cannonball. When he surfaced, Cas was smiling at him. Dean swam over to his boyfriend who pulled him into his arms. As soon as they were touching, Cas’ rich laughter echoed in Dean’s head.
“MEG! Where the hell did you hide my things?” Crowley’s voice echoed across the clearing. The unicorn disappeared into the shadows as the man approached Meg and the empty cage. His eyes jumped to the open door before focusing on the magician and the keys hanging from her hand. “You fool! She will have your heart for Ammit!” He turned and started walking towards Rowena’s wagon.
The unicorn lifted his head to look at the stars above. There was a longing in the depths of his eyes, and Meg felt sorrow seep into her heart because she knew it was her fault that it was there in the first place. When the unicorn lowered his head, he answered, “The others are gone. They have scattered and returned to the woods that they once called home. No man will catch sight of them unless they wish it. I will go back to my forest and continue on, but I don’t think I will be content like I was once.”
Dean didn’t give him a chance to reply as he hurried to the boat. He lowered the sling into the water and waited for Cas to swim into it. As soon as he was, Dean was hauling him out the water and onto the deck. Once he knew Cas was ok, he ran to the wheel. He put the boat in full throttle, heading out to the ocean as fast as possible.
“I’m glad you did; she deserved it. I know we just met but maybe we could all hang out sometime. It would be good for Cas to see someone so accepting of their tastes especially when they aren’t the stereotype.”
As he lay there watching the movie, Dean’s fingers shifting through his hair, Cas realized he was happier than he had ever been before. He had enjoyed his day with Dean immensely and couldn’t wait to go on more dates with him. Because he was so content, he had chosen not to remind Dean that he should have gone back to the ocean that night. He could feel the itch creeping into his skin, but it wasn’t unbearable yet and he was hoping to push it off one more day. He knew Dean had to work tomorrow and he figured they could go to the ocean after Dean got home.
Sweat was pouring from Dean’s skin as he fought to keep his orgasm at bay. “Yeah baby but if you don’t get in me pretty soon, I’m gonna finish before you get a chance.”
Jack shook his head. “No, Dean, you have to come back. Sam and I need you.” Tears were slowly rolling down his cheeks as he stared at the aged hunter.
A sad smile appeared on Eileen’s face, and she once more petted the unicorn. “It would be the last unicorn who would come to me. You are forgiven, my friend. I may no longer be young or innocent, but I truly am glad you came to me.”
“It looks like someone is ready to fall back to sleep,” Mary said as she tucked her son into his bed.
“Didn’t you once tell Sam you would enjoy a day relaxing at the beach with the sun shining and a drink in your hand?”
Cas finally pulled away, laughter bubbling out of his throat. “Dean, stop. We need to get going. We can do more kissing later.”
Cas nodded. “Yes, because once you open it, Jack wants a family picture. He’s been planning it for days now.”
“Dude, I’ve done most of our laundry for the past decade and a half. Did you honestly think I didn’t know?” Sam deadpanned.
“According to your father, that is my job now.” Eileen glanced at Sam. “Why don’t you show me where the kitchen is?” Sam smiled and nodded eagerly, taking Eileen’s hand and leading her out of the room. Meg looked between Dean and Castiel, a frown on her face, before following after them.
Dean and Cas shared a frantic look. Dean grabbed Cas’ hand and pulled him from the chair before running down the hallway towards his chambers. While Cas’ bare feet were silent, his boots echoed off the stones. He feared his father would follow them, and he didn’t want to know what John would do if he found them. They made their way to Dean’s room, and he slammed the door behind them, listening for his father’s footsteps.
Meg smirked. “Well, if you remember the way down to the Red Bull as well as you remember the taste of wine, maybe we can make a deal yet.”
She grinned. “On a run. Can you believe that? He said it’s been too long since he went for a morning jog.”
Cas checked on Jack before going to his bedroom to grab his camera. He stood on his porch and took a couple dozen pictures, ensuring he didn’t miss a single thing. Just as he was heading back inside, Jack came running down the hall, crashing into Cas’ legs.
Cas let his hand drop from Dean’s weeping cock. He ran his fingers tantalizingly down Dean’s torso and arms, causing goosebumps to form in his wake. “You’re so beautiful when you’re caught in the throes of passion. I love seeing your eyes darken until they are almost black with lust.”
Dean scoffed and walked away. He leaped onto Baby’s bare back with ease. “I’m sorry, but I can’t. You’ve all received your happy endings. I deserve mine as well.”
Meg puffed up her chest and launched into her tale. “Gadreel was a great wizard and was known across the land for his feats of magic. One day, he came upon a glade during his travels. In that meadow sat a young virgin and a sleeping unicorn who had his head resting in her lap. Behind them, hunters were approaching with their bows and swords drawn, intending to kill the unicorn for its horn. Gadreel had only a moment to act and called upon his magic before casting it at the unicorn. Where once there was a unicorn, there was now a handsome man. Upon awakening, the man saw the hunters and charged them. He slaughtered them with a twisted sword that gleamed from within.”
Cas grabbed the corner of the blanket and quickly wiped their bodies of the sweat and cum. “Yes, it was. I love you to the stars and back.”
“You are mortal, and therefore you have an ending, but he, he is immortal and has no end. Be content to know that you have had his grace and will live on in his memories forever. You loved a unicorn and had that love returned; no other man can say that. Again I say, do not follow him,” Meg implored.
Cas was about to let his grace end Dean’s life when suddenly the body beneath his inhaled a large breath. Cas stumbled back as he stared at Dean. Before his eyes, he watched Dean’s body start to fill out, gaining the fat and muscle he had lost in the past few hours. Dean’s skin once more had a beautiful golden tan to it. Suddenly, his eyelids flickered before revealing bright green eyes. He slowly turned his head to look at Cas, a smile stretching his lips wide.
“Just pancakes it is, then,” Cas announced. He measured out the mix in the measuring cup and handed it to his son. “Here, monkey, pour this into the bowl.” He watched Jack pour the pancake mix into the bowl and was surprised when most of the mix ended up in the bowl rather than on the counter. Jack handed the measuring cup back to his daddy so that Cas could fill it with water. This time, Jack wasn’t as successful, and about a quarter of the water ended up on the countertop.
Cas stood to his feet, a newfound confidence in his stride. Dean’s life had been dark up to this point, but there was a light at the end of the tunnel. Castiel just had to lead him there.
The road that he traveled on was long and without end. It was stiff beneath his hooves, and he longed for the feel of his forest beneath his feet. The road passed through villages and towns, pulling him along without rest. His mouth was always dry while his coat and mane were thick with dust. He didn’t know how long he traveled, never needing to track time before. What he did know is that the landscape around him slowly changed. It went from an array of reds, yellows, and oranges to a pristine white. The snow eventually melted, and spring came back to the land, a season he was well acquainted with. But then the lang grew hot and arid before turning orange once more.
“She’s beautiful Benny. I guess things did turn out alright.” Dean paused. “Do you ever wonder what would have happened between us?”
Dean braced himself and leaned backward, pulling the man to his feet. He was surprised at how tall the guy was, only an inch or two shorter than Dean. The man dusted the snow off his trench coat and then looked up, his gaze locking with Dean’s. His lips twitched up in the corners as he continued to stare.
Dean’s shoulders slumped in relief when his brother nodded and went into the house. He just prayed Sam didn’t go anywhere as he swam over to where Cas was huddled. He slid back into the pool and dove down until he could reach out and wrap his hand around Cas’ arm.
Just as he felt the anger start to bubble over, he felt a reassuring hand on his shoulder. He looked behind him to see Cas standing there, a small smile on his face. “I finished the list for the kitchen. How is everything going in here?”
Castiel knew Dean was right. He held Dean closer to him. They continued to speed over the water, both men relishing in the last few minutes of being together. Neither minded the tears that stained their cheeks or the shaking of their bodies as sorrow overwhelmed them.
Cas leaned over to press a chaste kiss to his mouth. As he pulled away, he grimaced at the feeling of the cooling semen in his underwear.
“As all tales must have, there was a villain to be faced. There have been whispered words of the great King Winchester who Captain Chuck has faced multiple times.”
Dean opened a cabinet and reached inside for a mug. He grabbed the first one his fingers came into contact with and set it on the counter. The cup was black with a ruler running around the rim, and below it was the words “World’s Best Teacher” written in colorful letters with a pencil beneath them. It had been a Christmas gift from one of his students the previous year.
Cas continued to pump the flesh as he leaned over to tongue at the slit where beads of precum sat. Dean’s hips bucked upward trying to push his dick further into the tight heat of Cas’ mouth. Cas placed a hand on Dean’s pelvis to keep the man from moving. He smirked at the whine that escaped Dean’s throat.
Meg bowed once again, not quite as deep as before. “We wish to enter your service. We have heard tales of the great King Winchester-”
“Absolutely baby.” Dean felt his cheeks blushing as he asked a question. “Maybe you will pack an overnight bag and spend the night with me?”
As Jack and Cas walked towards one of the stores, Cas was surprised at the number of people who greeted him and was even more surprised by how many knew his name. He was startled at first, having grown up in a vast city where he often felt alone even though thousands of people surrounded him. Cas felt a warmth growing in his chest, and he decided that he loved living in a small town like Black Creek.
“Doing so good for me, moonshine, taking me so well,” he whispered as he pulled his face away. He pulled his fingers out before licking against Cas’ rim, causing the man to squirm from the sensation. While he lapped at Cas’ hole, he snuck a hand down to firmly stroke the man’s erection. Pre-cum was dripping profusely, a small puddle having formed on the blanket beneath.
Benny stood to his feet and shook his hand, eying Cas with caution. “Nice to meet you and I hope it was all good things brother.”
“Oh hon, I wish there was, but once your mother set her eyes on him, she hypnotized him with her song and off they went. We never even talked to him. The only reason we know his name is because she returned here the next day to say goodbye and thank us for helping her. We’ve never seen your mother since.” Mary looked wistful as she told the tale, as if she wished Naomi had returned to land to come visit them.
Please don't kill me for that cliffhanger. I hope to not make you guys wait as long for the next chapter.
“It was no problem man. He needed a ride home and I was willing to give it. Didn’t have to drive all the way here just for that.” Dean took another bite of his sandwich.
A large grin spread across Cas’ face. “I would like that very much but only if you’re sure Dean. I wouldn’t want to impose.”
Cas, who still wasn’t looking at Dean, heard him grab the pizza box and walk away. When he was alone, he mumbled aloud, “No, I am the problem. You want to know what you could do? You could keep me from dying; maybe then we could be together.” Cas wiped at the few tears that rolled down his cheek. Like this morning, his appetite had vanished. He headed to his room and didn’t come out for the rest of the night.
“Ow, Cas, that fucking hurts,” Dean shouted. “Yeah, I took two pills a while ago, but they aren’t doing much to help with the pain.”
“Jack, you should hate me after the way I treated you when you were first born and a few other times. Instead, you continue to watch over and protect this family. I’m so proud to call you my son,” Dean said, blinking back a few tears.
“Well, maybe if she wasn’t so controlling, I wouldn’t have dumped her.” Dean stared at the yard in front of him. Finally, “I don’t know if I could look at another guy without hearing dad’s voice in my head,” he admitted.
Dean rubbed at the back of his neck as he bumped shoulders with the other man. He wet his lips and Castiel couldn’t help but track the movement.
Claire, seeing Dean’s surprise, said, “It’s the father-daughter dance, so I have to dance with both of my dads.”
Alistair knelt and pointed to the track. In the center of it, there was a very thin groove that ran almost the entire length of the track. On either side of the main furrow, were two other marks, these ones triangular in shape. Dean wracked his brain, trying to figure out what left those marks.
Dean cupped Jack’s cheek as he stared at his son, pride swirling in the depths of his eyes. “Good job son. You did it.” He pulled Jack in for another hug.
Dean grew somber, knowing precisely what Jack was talking about. Cas, catching onto his husband’s mood, leaned over and said, “It’s ok. They’re all at peace and are happy where they’re at, Dean. Don’t forget; we’ll see them all again someday. This isn’t goodbye, just… see you later.”
At last, the unicorn stepped off the road and curled into the cool grass. In hardly the blink of an eye, the unicorn was fast asleep. Like all unicorns, he was wary of his surroundings but a sound sleeper. Had it not been for his dreams of green trees and blue skies, he surely would have woken at the sound of jingling bells and creaking wheels. But he was far away, further than the sounds of the bells and wheels could ever hope to reach.
Dean melted into the other man, soaking up the attention. He parted his lips and moaned when Cas slipped his tongue inside, sliding over every inch of Dean’s mouth he could reach. He wound his arms around Cas’ waist letting Cas do to him as he wished.
“I don’t know the way myself, but I have heard stories about the grisly King Winchester. He is an old, vindictive king who cares about no one, not even his own sons. Most of his subjects have long left his lands, saying they would have starved had they stayed. When the land turns from green to barren, and the sound of the waves is the only thing you can hear, then you have entered into King Winchester’s lands. His castle is old and falling into ruins where it sits on the edge of a cliff overlooking the sea,” Meg explained.
Dean sighed as he looked at Cas, slightly annoyed with the other man. “We don’t have to buy a super expensive TV. If I could afford to buy you a phone, we can afford a TV. C’mon, live a little. Do something spontaneous without checking the budget for once.”
“I’m really freaking happy Cas. My little brother is getting married and he’s ecstatic. That’s all I’ve ever wanted was to know Sam was healthy and content with the life he was living. And look at this place, it’s full of people we call friends and family. When mom died and dad got even worse with the drinking, I wondered if Sam and I would make it. I did everything I could to make sure we did.” Dean relaxed deeper into Cas’ grip.
Meg struggled, but it was no use; the men were bigger and stronger than she was. They dragged her to the closest tree and tied a rope around each of her wrists before wrapping it around the tree in more loops than she cared to count. By the time they were finished, the only things she could move were her head and feet.
Dean groaned, “You are going to be the death of me, I swear. The thought of being inside of you right now is too enticing to pass up. C’mon let’s go back inside the cave.”
Cas was proud that he was bringing Dean such pleasure. This was only the fifth blow job of his life, but it seems he was doing alright. The sounds of Dean’s soft whimpers and moans had his own cock hardening. He reached down to stroke himself a few times, trying to relieve some of the pressure.
Cas replied with a roll of his eyes and a flick of his tail, causing water to splash on both of them.
Dean didn’t have words for the confession he had just heard. This ethereal being was willing to give up everything he had ever known for him. Cas would give up his siren form to be with Dean, some mute scientist who was way too fond of food and had an obsession with his car.
“I am happy, Sam,” Dean replied, a bright smile on his face. “We beat Chuck, we all made it out alive, and we are finally getting the life we’ve always dreamed of but never thought we would get. I mean, how many times did I tell you I was gonna die at the end of a gun or in a blaze of glory?”
Dean licked his lips and tried to swallow; his mouth had gone dry at seeing Cas standing in front of him clad in nothing but silk lingerie. He reached his hands out, beckoning Cas to come closer until he was able to touch the beauty in front of him.
As Cas stared at Charlie, he was reminded of an eager puppy who just wanted to lick everything in sight. He relaxed his shoulders and felt the corners of his lips curve up. “It’s alright, I understand. I’m sure my brother will have a similar reaction when I tell him.”
The unicorn reared on his hind legs and cried again, his hooves pawing at the empty air before he crashed down onto the sand and charged the Red Bull. The horn on the unicorn’s head was glowing as bright as the sun starting to creep over the horizon. The Bull sidestepped the unicorn’s charge, barely avoiding being impaled by the sharp horn.
Dean and Cas have a moment, but Cas turns Dean down. Dean is mad at being rejected and has to choose if he still wants Cas in his life. Cas reaches out to Sam, but will it go the way he plans?
Dean was jerked from his thoughts when his phone started ringing. He grabbed the phone and smiled at the number that was flashing on the screen. “Hey, bitch,” Dean said. He grabbed the TV remote and turned the volume down so he could talk to his little brother without interruption.
Cas tilted his head slightly. “Because it is.” There was a brief pause before he said, “I love you.”
Both men shook their heads. “Our father hates cats, says they’re evil shapeshifters who will murder you in your sleep. He would kill that cat if he knew she was here,” Sam explained.
Dean stared at him as if he had grown an extra head. “Yeah, ok. Although, I guess when I think about it, I kind of get it. No expectations and nobody to let down, doesn’t really sound that bad after all.” He huffed. “All I do is let people down.”
Cas felt his heart break at his friend’s words. He had lived his whole life wishing his mother loved him like a human mother loves her children. He was startled when he felt water drop from his eye onto his chin. He wiped at the wetness, unbelieving that he was crying. He had never heard of a siren crying before.
Cas smiled. “Don’t make empty threats sweet one. We both now this is far from our last time together.” Before the hunter could respond, he slid his finger inside.
They all looked towards the tunnel as a bright red light slowly started to stream in. Each of them was mortal and full of fear- fear of the unknown, of what was to come. But none of them looked more mortal than Castiel himself.
He walked off without another word, forcing the other man to follow him. Dean sighed as he realized Alistair was leading them to where Cas had exited the water the other day.
Meg shook her head. “He didn’t come to you,” she said harshly. “Unicorns care nothing of forgiveness, and they are for beginnings and innocence.”
All motion froze but Cas kept his fingers deep inside Dean and his hand wrapped around his pulsing flesh. “Dean, are you ok?”
Eileen snorted, her eyes narrowed as she stared at Chuck. “She’s making all of this up! Gut her before she robs you as the last traveler did!”
It wasn’t too busy when they got to the Roadhouse and Ellen and Jo ended up chatting with them for a little bit. They listened with rapt attention as Cas explained in exquisite detail their trip to the zoo. He was so excited to be able to talk about their day and how much he had enjoyed seeing all the animals and learning so many new things. As he talked, Dean watched him with a small smile and soft eyes. He was so happy to know that Cas had enjoyed their day at the zoo.
She rolled her eyes at him. “I swear, you and your pies. Better not tell Sam. You know he gets on your ass for not eating somewhat healthy.”
“I thought this was Heaven,” he muttered. “Cas, if you can hear me, man, I need you to get your feathery ass down here. There are some things I need to tell you, and they have to be said face to face, not through my lousy attempt at praying. Please, man, you gotta come talk to me.” Dean stayed on the ground for minutes before finally accepting that Cas wasn’t coming. He slowly pushed to his feet, his head hanging.
Cas nuzzled his nose against Dean’s, his eyes staring into the other man’s. “I do, but my love for you is far greater than the distance between the earth and moon. The stars are much further away. Besides the sun, the closest star to earth is over four light-years away.”
Dean jerked at the sudden knock on his door. “Dean, are you ok?” Cas asked softly. Dean was silent, hoping if he didn’t answer, maybe Cas would go away. “Dean, I know you’re in there. Please, answer me.”
“Thank you.” Cas looked at the young black-haired man standing behind the front counter. “Hello, Kevin. How is everything going?”
Cas’ eyes were full of anger as he focused on Dean. “It’s not about being handsome, Dean, it’s about being alive! I sacrificed myself, so you could defeat my father and then live a life like you’ve always deserved! You were never supposed to die young!”
“Shut up bitch. What do I do? Do I just tell him? I mean, isn’t the first I love you supposed to be like special and romantic or something?” Dean was starting to panic.
“Yeah, Castiel is a mouthful. He’s never said I can’t call him that.” Dean looked at Eileen with pleading eyes. “Eileen, what can I do to get Cas to talk to me? Please, help me.”
“Every human my father made disappear we can bring back with the snap of our fingers,” Michael confirmed.
Dean slid his arm around Cas’ waist and pressed a kiss to his cheek. “The only person Cas is getting it on with is me.”
Sonny patted Dean’s back. “I just wish I could have done more. Then again, if I had gotten you out of the hunting life, you wouldn’t have met that angel, so I guess everything worked out in the end.”
The unicorn was willowy and much more agile than any equine. He had an old grace that no horse could ever attain and that some deer managed a poor imitation of. His body was slimmer and smaller than an average horse’s, and his hooves cloven. His dainty head sat upon a long slender neck, and his eyes held a wisdom that the wisest scholars only hoped to achieve. He had a thin beard hanging from his chin, and a thick, luxurious mane flowed down his neck to the middle of his back. His ears were pointed, and his legs willowy with little black tufts of hair on the ankle. His tail was long and lean with a clump of hair at the end, like a lion’s. The horn that sat upon the unicorn’s head was silver in color, and a soft blue glow emanated from it in the fading light. The horn was his most potent weapon, for he had killed dragons with it and healed a dying queen.
“After that, I did what he said. I found some girl to hook up with and I liked it, not as much as with Benny but it was good enough. Every time I even thought about a guy in anything more than a platonic way, I told myself it was wrong and disgusting. I could also hear my dad’s threats and they worked better than anything to keep me from looking at a guy. Eventually, I beat that side of me down until now, until Cas.” Dean looked at Ellen, begging her for guidance.
“I want you Dean, so bad. I want to feel your hands on me; it’s been too long since I’ve felt you against me, in me,” Cas pleaded.
Seven hours later, Dean and Sam were pulling up outside Jody’s house. After a brief round of hugs and “Hello’s”, everybody got down to business. Jody and Donna explained the situation before they were all packing up and preparing to head out. Dean made sure to give Miracle a pat on the head and let him know they would all be home later. They pulled up outside of an abandoned barn twenty minutes later.
“Thank you, Dean. I will see you Wednesday.” Cas already sounded more like himself after Dean’s affirmation.
“Well, that was more entertaining that I thought. I think that was better than having the angel caught in my grasp for eternity. Now, will you please leave me the hell alone so I can finally sleep?” the Empty snapped before disappearing.
Sam held his arm out, and Dean silently took it as they slowly walked towards the guests. Dean looked for Cas first, his eyes finding him standing at the end of the aisle. Claire stood to Cas’ right, wearing a light purple dress and a bright smile. Standing to the left of Cas was Jody, who had volunteered to officiate the wedding. Dean dropped his gaze to the guests and was shocked when he saw all the extra chairs lined up. As they neared, everyone turned in their seats to watch Dean and Sam’s approach. Dean was so surprised by the faces staring at him that he came to a complete stop.
Dean absentmindedly ran his fingers through Cas’ thick locks. They stayed that way for a few moments until Cas pulled away and headed towards the back of the cave. They quickly packed up his small collection before exiting the cave and walking back to Baby. Cas made sure to leave some clothes behind as his clan knew the cave was a safe place to transform when they came to land looking for a mate.
Cas crashed their mouths together as he knocked Dean’s hand out the way and then took both their cocks in his own. The both gasped in exquisiteness as their flesh slid against one another. Cas pumped their erections with a snail’s pace, pushing them both closer to the edge.
“It’s definitely a Christmas gift I wasn’t expecting. I’ve missed you, Gabe. I can’t wait to have you so close again,” Cas said, a broad smile stretching his lips.
Dean glared at his brother. “Dammit Sam! Look, go back into the house and I’ll be there in a minute. Please, I’m begging you, don’t go anywhere,” the older Winchester brother signed.
Meg rose to her feet and stared at the unicorn, regret swirling in the depths of her eyes. “I’m sorry, my friend. I assumed it would come to this, but I had hoped for a different outcome.” She dug into the pocket of her robe and pulled out a large iron ring, multiple keys hanging from it. “You deserve a first-rate magician, but you’ll have to settle for a second-rate pickpocket.”
Dean looked at his phone and was surprised to see it was close to ten. “How about we meet at eleven?”
“Cher, hush. I understand. Sam was your brother and your father meant what he said. Us getting back together wouldn’t have been worth risking Sam. We should have been more careful and maybe your dad wouldn’t have found us out.” Benny had a few tears rolling down his cheeks.
Dean instantly pulled away. “I’m sorry man. I’m a tactile person. I’m always touching in small ways like on the shoulder, but I will try and retain from doing so if it makes you uncomfortable.”
“Yeah, ok,” Dean answered, nodding dumbly. “Hey, monkey, you wanna sit on my shoulders while we walk to Charlie’s? You’ll be able to see everything.”
Cas quirked his lips up, “Having a place to stay is more important than if that place is a little dirty. I can help you get it cleaned up.”
Sam nodded his head, wincing. He looked up at his brother. “How did you get here? I never even saw you.”
“Don’t,” Dean barked. He sighed and straightened his shoulders. He couldn’t talk about Cas’ deal, couldn’t tell Sam and Jack that being in love with Dean brought Cas such joy. If he did, what little bit of his heart was left would shatter and turn into dust. He had to suck it up and bury it because Chuck was still out there, and they had people to save. He took a shuddering breath before saying, “It doesn’t matter. He’s gone. There are people who aren’t. Did you get everybody to the safe house?”
“Honey, what you feel for that boy is love. Dean hasn’t had a lot of that in his life. He could use a little loving.”
As Dean stared at the ripples in the water, a shadow fell over him. He jerked his head around, his eyes widening when he saw what cast the shadow. He slowly stood to his feet. “Cas?”
Dean stood still until he heard the safety on the gun click. He glared at Alistair before walking off the boat, the gun a heavy weight against his back. He walked up a ramp leading to the deck bordering the tank where Cas was being kept. He rushed to the side and Cas was there to meet him.
He had just set the food on the table when he heard Dean stirring. He listened as Dean groaned at entering consciousness before getting out of bed and going to relieve himself in the bathroom. After a quick handwash, he walked into the kitchen with a scowl on his face.
“Yes, I am. It’s never been done before, but that’s because no human has ever proven to be a true hero in the eyes of a unicorn. But you have done that, in my eyes at least. Only a true hero would give up the person he loves most so that they may complete their own quest. Even if it means they would be separated for all time. If you want it, Dean, I can change you. But be sure, it’s what you want, for it can’t be undone,” Cas warned.
“Yeah, yeah, I’m all kinds of stubborn.” Dean yawned heavily as Cas continued to massage the top of his head. “I think it might be time for everyone to head to bed. Eileen is going to be over here pretty early.”
Dean was happier than he ever had been on Earth. He finally had his angel and most of his family as well. With Cas by his side, Dean was finally able to give up hunting. They could finally spend their time doing whatever they wished. They went fishing some days while other days were spent taking care of Cas’ flowers and bees. Others were spent just driving in Baby down a new road that appeared. Eventually, they would stop at a random diner and enjoy lunch together, Miracle curled up at their feet. Dean always ordered a beer, a burger, and pie. Cas had a little more variety of taste, but his go-to meal was a simple peanut butter and jelly sandwich with a glass of milk.
The king continued to speak, oblivious to the man beside him. “I told the Red Bull that I must have them. He gathered them up for me, usually one by one but sometimes in pairs. He gathered every last one up and ran them towards my castle and into the ocean. I was young when I saw them, and even though I am old in body when I see my unicorns, I’m still young. As my body ages more, I wonder what will happen to them when I am gone. The Bull will search for another master, but I hope the unicorns stay in the sea, for then they will belong to me forever.”
The second rider brought his horse to a halt. “Then why is this forest in the middle of spring when the rest of the world is in autumn? Why do the leaves never fall here or the snow? I’m telling you, there is one unicorn left in the world, and it resides in these woods. As long as it lives here, there won’t be a hunter who takes even a mouse home for dinner from these woods.”
Dean performed the summoning again. “Actually Michael, the new God, said he’ll keep supplying me until the end of time. So, keep disappearing and I’ll keep summoning you. Now, bring Cas back!”
“I’m sorry for how I acted towards your brother. I didn’t know what he had gone through. I’m protective of Cas after what he went through as a kid. Our mother wasn’t accepting either, but she just threw Cas out the house. He isn’t quite as hard skinned as I am, takes things more to heart than I do. He’s also had some pretty bad reactions from people who he’s come out to. One guy went so far as to slap him and throw his drink in his face,” Gabe explained as he popped a piece of fruit in his mouth.
Meg opened her eyes and was surprised to be standing in the middle of a dark tunnel. She looked behind her and could see the hallway they had just left, but there was a mist hanging over it. Meg stuck her hand through the fog, watching as it disappeared. She shuddered and turned around, shocked to see who was standing there. “What the?” Meg mumbled softly, staring at Castiel and, to her surprise, Dean.
“Fuck him,” Sam cursed. “Who gives a shit what he said Dean? As long as you’re happy, that’s all that matters.”
Sam wasn’t what Cas was expecting either. Sam was a six-foot-two pile of gangly limbs and overenthusiasm. He had tripped in his eagerness to meet Cas and had sent the beer Bobby held in his hands flying. Like Ellen, Sam had wrapped Cas in a bone-crunching hug and then grabbed Dean in a headlock and given his brother a noogie. Afterward, he had picked Jack up, plopped him on his shoulders, and had walked around the house pretending to be a horse. And Cas had thought his own brother a handful. Cas’ biggest complaint about Gabe was his ridiculous love of all things sweet, especially candy.
Dean licked his suddenly dry lips and stumbled back until he could sit heavily on the mattress. He refused to take his eyes off his boyfriend as the man came to stand in front of him. He could see the bright red blush that was spreading up Cas’ neck onto his cheeks. He realized that even though Cas wanted to show him something, he was extremely nervous about it. He held his hand out for Cas to grasp in his trembling fingers.
“This goes above and beyond my wildest dreams. It’s absolutely stunning. I’ll never be able to thank you for making my dream come to life.” Cas couldn’t help but press a few more kisses to Dean’s lips.
“Actually we do. I made sure to cloak the two of you from my father before we left. He’s not very happy that he hasn’t been able to pinpoint you. Tomorrow we will face him as he is growing more agitated by the moment. If we don’t do something soon, he will end this world before we even have a chance to save it. I hope the two of you are ready. I will be back in the morning.” With that, Michael was gone.
“Dean, sweetheart, it’s mom. I can’t believe you asked me to do this, but I love that you did. If there is one thing I want you to know is how much I love you and how proud I am of everything you do. You have the biggest heart of anybody I know, and you never do anything halfway. I remember when I told you that you were going to be a big brother and you would have to protect your baby brother. You took it to heart, and I know you would do anything to keep Sam safe.
Sam shrugged. “Yeah, I may have used one of the accounts Charlie set up for us to buy it. I know we said we were going to quit using them as much as possible, but I figured you deserved an indulgent wedding present.”
All the tension Dean had stored in his nerves dissipated at his brother’s words. He had been terrified that Sam would be furious with him for losing such a big customer. “That means the world to me Sam. It felt awesome to stand up to Alistair and not have a panic attack like I did with Gordon.”
Cas started trailing kisses down the column of Dean’s throat. He paused to suck a hickey into the tender skin before moving lower. He sucked on each of Dean’s nipples until they were tight buds. He then sprinkled kisses along Dean’s chest and stomach.
The Bull bellowed again, and the unicorn lowered his head, the light from his horn fading until it was extinguished completely. He looked at the Bull with tired eyes before turning and walking towards the castle, defeat in his every move. As the unicorn trudged on, the Bull was close behind, only a few feet separating them.
Dean stared at the ground as he slowly chewed. “I guess not, but it never hurts to try. If the dragon says no and he hasn’t hurt anybody, then I guess I will go back to the king and tell him I am breaking his deal.”
“Are you going to stand out here all night or are you going to come in and say hi to your mother? Oh, who’s this?” Mary Winchester asked as she caught sight of Cas.
Cas finally looked at Dean as he nodded his head. “My list is complete.” He clapped his hands again before sliding the list to Dean.
Castiel stared at the man, his head tilted. “I have been lost for a very long time, but I don’t think you can help with that. Meg and Eileen said they could, but I think they were lying.”
The unicorn nodded once and turned away from the demoness. He watched as Ammit streaked past him and headed straight for Crowley, who was trying to run from the clearing. The man’s shrieks filled the air as the demoness tore him limb from limb and devoured his heart. While she was occupied, Meg made her way over to the unicorn. “Let’s go; we need to get out of here!”
Before Sam could reply, Dean said, “Enough! Father, I have lived my whole life unable to please you, and for that, I’m sorry.” Dean glanced back down at the approaching figures. “Looking at that stranger, I realize now that I don’t care that I’ve never been able to please you. I’m only sorry that I have never pleased myself.”
Ellen rolled her eyes. “I would never dare to forget the pie. You just might die if I did.” The three of them burst out laughing.
Dean couldn’t look up from Cas’ panties where a large wet spot was already darkening the light blue silk.
Cas made sure to turn his body so that he landed on the ground with the human on top of him. He rested a few minutes, trying to catch his breath before grabbing the man under the arms and hauling him backwards until he could lean him against the cave wall. Castiel was growing concerned as the man’s skin was ice cold to the touch. He needed to warm the man up or else he would be dead within the hour.
“It’s where I first met Cas,” he said stoically. “It doesn’t matter. We’ve got work to do. Sam, go pack a bag and meet me in the garage in ten minutes. Jack, Michael, go do what you gotta do. We’ll see you in three days.”
Their breathing was ragged and loud compared to the soft music that was still floating from the stereo. Sweat had beaded on both their bodies, and it was quickly drying in the cool air. They stayed wrapped around each other until their breathing returned to normal and the aftershocks of their orgasms had faded away.
Charlie crawled into her lap and started purring as Eileen petted her. “I am what I am. I would tell you if I could since you’ve been kind to me, but as I said, there isn’t a cat alive who doesn’t speak in riddles.” In the next instant, she was sound asleep, and she didn’t say another word.
Cas pulled the blanket back over Dean before rushing out the room. He went back to the kitchen and found Sam standing at the counter nursing a beer. Sam spun around to face him, his face hopeful as he looked at Cas. “Well, please tell me you know the spell and how to save Dean.”
The two men headed back up the driveway and walked into the house that Dean and Sam shared. They walked towards the kitchen and Sam looked up when he heard footsteps. He seemed surprised when he laid eyes on Gabe.
“In lieu of exchanging rings, Dean and Cas have chosen to do something more permanent. Jack, would you please come up here?” Jody asked. Everybody watched with curiosity as Jack moved to stand next to Jody. “Using Jack as a conduit, Cas and Dean will leave an everlasting mark on one another.”
Castiel was so frustrated he almost considered grabbing a beer and drinking the whole thing down in one go. Even with a failing grace, it would hardly affect him, but maybe it could take the edge off. Of course, if Dean caught him using alcohol to deal with his problems, that would be another problem and Cas had enough of those at the moment.
“My brother Lucifer used to inhabit these lands and I managed to defeat him and run him out,” Cas explained.
The next morning Dean and Cas were up early so that Cas could try his first attempt at making breakfast. He had been very observant the day before and Dean had to offer little help. After breakfast, Dean called the institute to ask about when he could return to work. Bobby told him he had to take a mandatory week off before being able to come back. He hadn’t really been upset since that meant he got to spend more time with Cas.
Once Eileen managed to drag Sam home, the rest of the party disbanded quickly. Cas and Dean stayed behind to help Ellen, Bobby, and Jo pull all the decorations down and get them thrown in the garbage. After everything was back to normal, Cas and Dean said their final goodnights and headed home to Dean’s.
Dean wiped at his eyes, forcing a smile to his face as he nodded his head. “You’re right Ellen, thanks for reminding me. I’m so glad you guys could be here!”
Dean looked up and was ecstatic to see Baby sitting in front of the Roadhouse. He set his bottle down and said, “I think I’m gonna go for a drive. I’ll come say hi to everybody a little later. For now, I think I’d just like some time to myself.”
Sirens didn’t love in the way humans did. They protected their young and guarded them but only until they were old enough to protect themselves. Once a siren had reached adolescence, it could stay with its own clan or strike out on its own to find a new one. They were only accepted by a new clan if they had something valuable they could offer, such as being a good hunter. Once they were no longer useful, the clan would cast them out to live their life in solitude or to search for another clan.
Sam and Jo gasped at the admission. Ellen and Dean were having a stare down, the woman trying to determine if the man was serious. She must have realized he was.
Dinner had been a pleasant affair; the entire time was spent telling stories of crazy childhood adventures and shenanigans. With as many pranks as Sam and Dean played on one another growing up, Cas was surprised either of them made it to adulthood. He had made sure to give Jack a stern warning about doing any of the crazy stunts his papa and uncle talked about.
Castiel knew he needed to strip the man of his soaking clothes. Cas rid him of the wet garments quickly before heading deeper into the cave. He was glad that he had ventured on land so much because with every trip he gathered souvenirs and stored them in this cave. He had quite a few blankets that he had collected and hurried to wrap them around the human. He wished he knew how to start a fire but even if he did, he had no materials to burn.
“Yep. Found a buyer for the house yesterday, and it turns out a house just went up on the market about ten minutes from where you live. The timing couldn’t be better, huh?”
Dean heaved a sigh before grabbing his own paper and pen and heading off to the living room to start working on his own list. He felt despair start creeping back up as he wrote more and more things down. He had known there were lots of repairs needed but he hadn’t realized just how many there really were.
Dean blinked as a single tear rolled down his cheek. He opened his mouth, then closed it. He swallowed causing his Adam’s apple to jump. He tried to speak again. “Voices,” he whispered.
Dean pulled Sam from his seat and wrapped his arms around him in a bone-crunching hug, while behind them, a chorus of cheers erupted. “Congratulations, Sammy! I’m so happy for you guys,” Dean whispered into his brother’s ear.
“You may move about my castle freely,” the king said to Castiel. “My secrets guard themselves; let’s see if yours does the same. Why do you still look out that window?”
The microwave dinged signaling the food was ready. They scarfed the rolls down before heading to Dean’s room. They had been secretly dating for over two years now and only a few days ago they finally had sex for the first time. They were both eager for a repeat performance.
“This is… awesome. Thank you,” Dean said, wrapping his brother in a tight hug. He carefully slipped the watch onto his wrist and couldn’t help but stare at it some more.
He set her on the floor and kneeled in front of her. “Mary, why don’t you go play in your room for a little bit? I think something is wrong with papa and we need to have a grown-up talk. We’ll play more after dinner.”
Dean held his hand out and waited for Cas to take it. He then stood to his full height and smirked at Alistair. “Yes, I think I can afford to lose your business. I have no desire to work with people like you.”
The unicorn snorted. “The wizard did the unicorn no service but a great ill. A creature who was meant to be eternal, trapped in a dying body. If that were the fate for all of my kind, it would be a terrible fate indeed. I would rather the Red Bull kill them all.”
Castiel looked at Dean and let out a long sigh, shaking his head. “If I told you, you wouldn’t believe me. Even if I were my true self, you would still not know what I was. You humans have forgotten my kind.” With that, he walked through the gates, leaving behind a bewildered Dean.
“Thank you, Kevin. If you don’t mind setting up the table, I would appreciate it. Are you still good to work tomorrow?” Cas asked.
I could stand here and say some cheesy words about love, about what marriage is built upon, and how you guys need to remember the reasons why you’re getting married, but I’m not.” There were a few chuckles from the crowd at Jody’s words.
“That guy was a douche. I wish that’s all Dean went through. I’m not sure if he’ll ever be able to get past what our dad did to him,” Sam said sadly.
A while later he parked on an old stone bridge. He got out of Baby and slowly walked to the railing, looking at the turbulent water below. Suddenly, he felt a ripple behind him. He smiled as he said, “Hey, Sammy.” He turned around to see his moose of a brother standing there, looking to be in his early forties.
“I don’t remember. That’s not all of the dream, but it never finishes; I always wake up before it can,” Cas whispered. Dean watched as fear leaked back into his eyes, heavy, swirling shadows covering the sparkling blue. “I don’t know why I’m here or why I dream of beasts in cages. I do know this isn’t my home. My home was somewhere safe with lots of trees and lush green meadows. In the dreams, I am gone from that place and traveling down roads and through towns, then something is killing the red-headed woman, and finally, I find myself consumed by a bright red fire that freezes my veins. No matter where I turn or how hard I run, the fire is there. But I’m not running on two legs, instead, on four legs, and they are the legs of a black beast.”
“I’d like to go see her too; it’s been a couple weeks since we saw her last. I can text her while you guys are gone if you want.”
“You bet I do,” Dean said, laughing softly. “Cherry is my favorite, but apple is good too and pecan and blueberry. All pie is good pie. What about you, Jack? Do you like pie?”
With Chuck gone, Team Free Will 2.0 had been busy. Jack and Amara had been reworking Heaven and trying to repopulate the dwindling angel population. Even with their powers, they couldn’t make new angels fast enough. After conversing with the Shadow, Jack had gone to the Empty and pulled dozens of angels from the dark place. He, Amara, and Cas had spent days determining what angels to bring back and which ones to leave to their eternal sleep. Among the angels brought back were Gabriel, Hannah, and Balthazar. With their help, Heaven was slowly returning to its former glory.
Cheers erupted around them as they continued to stare at each other. Dean pressed a tender kiss to Cas’ lips and whispered, “That wasn’t so bad, now was it? I told you, you had nothing to worry about.”
“Hold him there Dean, I’m calling nine-one-one.” A few seconds later, Dean could hear Bobby talking to the operator. He told them to send police down to the institute because there was a man with a gun, and he was threatening to shoot people. He finally hung up the phone and walked back to where Dean and Alistair were standing.
Dean chuckled. “See, that wasn’t so hard, now was it? You don’t have to be so nervous. I promise I don’t bite… unless you want me to, that is,” he said, wiggling his eyebrow.
“No,” Dean disagreed, anger flashing across his face. Charlie hissed and jumped from his lap, landing on the floor with a soft thump. She walked away, her bottlebrush tail waving behind her. Dean’s anger disappeared as quickly as it came. “I’m sorry. Please, Eileen, I just wish to serve Cas, to be his friend, and help him end the quest that led him to my father’s castle. Whatever he needs most, that’s what I want to be for him. Will you tell him that for me?”
“Well, don’t let me stop you. I think I might appreciate watching you do yoga. I bet you look hot when you do it.” Dean felt his dick let out a spurt of precum at that mental image.
“My Lord, I have no idea what you are talking about. The only thing I want is your son’s heart, and I am sure that I have it,” Castiel said, shaking his head and struggling to free himself from the king’s grasp.
He popped the button and slowly slid them down Dean’s hips. Dean leaned back on his hands and lifted his butt off the ground so Cas could pull the jeans off. He growled when he saw that Dean still had his shoes on. He quickly removed them and then the jeans. Dean was now in nothing but his boxers while Cas was still fully clothed.
Not understanding the magician’s tone, the unicorn replied, “Thank you. You are one of the only people I can call a friend, so my experience is limited.”
The cat jumped on the table and spoke, “You should be used to the shaking by now. The Bull makes the castle tremble every time he leaves; you know this.” She sat on her haunches and started licking one of her paws. “So, that be a unicorn. He is beautiful, just as the legends say.”
Dean groaned but agreed. After nearly fifteen minutes of arguing back and forth, they finally had a schedule they both agreed with. Dean would only be able to drink between ten in the morning and ten at night. He would be able to drink one beer every two hours and he could only have five beers a day.
Castiel walked forward until he could pull Dean back in his arms. He smiled when the man didn’t put up any resistance. He ran his fingers through Dean’s considerably longer hair.
Dean looked towards the empty spot where Cas had been standing only moments ago. He gasped out a breath, trying to wrap his mind around what just happened. The angel who pulled him from Hell, the one who had been by his side for ten years, his best friend, the person he was in love with was gone. Once again, Cas had sacrificed himself for Dean.
Eileen stared at the man in front of her, and she couldn’t deny his words. His gaze was duller than just a few minutes ago. No longer was there a stormy ocean or a tranquil forest in the blue depths; now, his eyes were empty, and all Eileen saw in them was herself. She laid her hand gently on Castiel’s shoulder and said, “We’re here to save the unicorns. To figure out what the Red Bull did with them. You are the last unicorn, and you came here to set the others free from whatever prison they have been forced into.”
“No kidding,” Sam said, barking out a laugh. “You’re the reason I broke my arm, and Bobby still yelled at me.”
The tunnel was now black as night, but they were all able to see. For the first time since becoming human, Castiel had a bright blue aura glowing around him. Meg, unable to resist, moved forward to stare into Castiel’s eyes and was dismayed to see nothing but her reflection staring back at her. She sighed and shook her head, wondering if there was any hope to turn Castiel back into his proper shape.
Suddenly, the unicorn reared upon his hind legs, and a deep, trumpeting cry escaped him. Meg and Eileen scurried to their feet, looking around for what caused the unicorn’s distress. Eileen gasped and pointed towards the castle. Meg’s gaze swung to the fortress, and her eyes widened in shock.
A single tear rolled down Dean’s cheek and buried his face against Cas’ shoulder. “I promise not to be so caught up on it from here on out. I just find it hard sometimes that you, this amazingly powerful creature, chose me.” Dean paused before saying in barely more than a whisper. “Hardly anybody ever chooses me.”
“Most don’t anymore, saying that our human form is weak and unbecoming. I love both of my forms equally.” The dragon paused before adding, “I meant what I said last night Dean. I’ve never hurt anyone. Crowley doesn’t want me here because I’ve made my home in a mine full of gemstones. He and I have a blood contract that states he will not kill me, so he is trying to find another way to get me to leave.”
“It looks like someone caught a shark.” He pointed at the extra markings. “Anal fin grove and pelvic fin markings.”
Dean felt a pang in his chest at the kid’s words. He kicked his boots off and slid under the covers as he said, “You don’t have to do that. There’s nobody to protect us from.”
“But I remember the taste of it! Just give me a sip, and I will tell you whatever you want to know,” the skull cried out in frustration.
Dean set the tackle box and fishing poles on the counter, which Garth rang up along with the gun. After he paid for them, he talked to Garth for a few more minutes before heading back out to Baby. He locked his purchases in the trunk and then looked around at the stores, trying to decide where to go next.
Dean jumped. “Shit, I don’t know how you can move so silently. I swear I’m gonna tie a bell to you one of these days.”
With a wave of Meg’s hand, the three horses were fitted with saddles and bridles. She walked to Sam and held her hand over the wound, muttering a few words. There was a bright glow, and Sam sighed in relief, the wound fully healed. Sam looked at Meg and gave a single nod of his head. “Thank you.”
. He chewed on his lip. He couldn’t tell Dean the truth; the human could kill him for what he was. Or, a small part of Cas hoped, Dean would be so thankful that Cas saved him, that he would leave him unharmed.
Dean had no choice but to do as ordered. He pulled the anchor up and then walked to the wheel. He turned the boat around and set a course back to the institute, trying to come up with a way to save Cas. He knew nobody would be at the institute for another hour or so and had to come up with something before anybody showed up.
Cas continued to stare at the snow-covered landscape in front of him, having never seen anything so beautiful. He was itching to grab his camera and take pictures, wanting to capture such exquisite beauty. “Gabe, I can’t put into words how stunning it is. The way the sun is hitting the ice and snow and making little rainbows and the way the snow looks so soft and fluffy, it’s just mesmerizing.”
I know you’re going to go so far in life. You are smart and talented and I’m the luckiest mom on the Earth knowing you’re my son. You have so many wonderful qualities: loyalty, compassion, intelligence, humor, dedication, and so many more. I can’t wait to watch you grow into the wonderful man I know you’re destined to be.
“He just wishes you to think of him. His father has never given him much thought, and Sam’s thoughts… are elsewhere at the moment. Would it hurt you to give him a fleeting thought?” Eileen asked, crossing her arms over her chest.
Cas pushed Dean’s clothes further down until they fell down his legs and pooled at his feet. He then repeated the process with the sweats around his own hips. He smiled as he watched Dean’s eyes zero in on his own erection. Dean reached out and hovered his hand over the flesh.
Once the pellets were gone, they started on their path through the zoo. The first section they came to was the African savannah. Dean was able to show Cas all the different animals such as elephants, lions, cheetahs, rhinos, and giraffes. Of course, Cas wanted to feed the giraffes and Dean didn’t have the heart to tell him no. He didn’t pass up the opportunity to take even more pictures.
“There she is,” the second rider cried, grabbing Meg’s ankle and pulling her from the tree. He threw Meg across his saddle before turning his horse and saying, “Search the woods for the cow and meet back at the camp. I’m gonna take this fool back to our captain.”
Both men gave her a bitchface while Sam busted out laughing. “Yeah, I’ve already been snapped at four times.”
“Hold on, gotta wipe your face before you plant yourself in front of the TV,” Cas said, barely managing to grab Jack before he dashed out of the kitchen. He ripped a paper towel from the roll, wet it, and wiped the batter and chocolate chip off Jack’s face.
Billie held her hand out and blue grace immediately spilled from Cas’ mouth. When the last wisp of grace was pulled from Cas’ body, it hovered as a ball before suddenly exploding. Cas covered his eyes as the light became too bright to stare at with his now human eyes. When he dropped his hand, the room was once again dark.
“You’re right, monkey; it is present time. Grab the gift you want Papa to open first,” Cas said, placing a light kiss on Jack’s forehead.
Dean started to retort but was cut off by a low, “Hello Dean. Hello Sam. What a coincidence to run into you here.”
“They’re great. At least they’re more comfortable than the suits we used to wear on cases,” Dean said.
He still had around six hours before he could return to Charlie. He decided to check in on Dean and see how the human was doing. He flew to Dean’s apartment but found it empty. He remembered that his car had broken down yesterday. He surmised that Dean might be at the tow company.
Dean caught the smile that lit up Cas’ face from the corner of his eye. He didn’t mind one bit when Cas curled up next to him, his cheek resting on his shoulder. They spent the rest of the drive in silence but no words were needed between them.
“THEY’RE GONE!” Dean finally shouted. “BILLIE IS DEAD! And so is Cas,” Dean added, the fight draining from his body. He looked at his brother, tears blurring the outline of Sam’s face. “Cas knew of a way to kill Billie, so the stupid angel sacrificed himself like he always does.”
Dean tried to think of some witty remark, but he couldn’t come up with any. The truth was, he liked Cas a lot. He was afraid of what others would think even if he knew the people he cared for wouldn’t judge him. It was one thing to accept others for who they were, it was something else entirely for Dean to accept himself.
“You really think I can do this?” Dean looked so small as he sat there staring at Cas with a gleam of hope in his eyes.
Dean smiled as he smacked his lips. “It tastes amazing. Reminds me of that scotch you kept on the top of your shelf. The one you only broke out that night before we all went to try and trap Lucifer. When Ellen and Jo were still with us. It tastes like family.”
The door swung open as Cas and Dean walked inside. Benny looked up at them and smiled. “Hey Dean, what can I do for you?”
“Yeah, because I think you’re trying to suck my brain out through my dick. Seriously babe, that was one of the best blowjobs ever and I was like five seconds away from blowing my load.” Dean’s breath was ragged as he was slowly coming away from the edge he had been teetering on.
A tender smile stretched across Cas’ face. “ You’re right, angels don’t feel love or any emotions the same way humans do, but Dean, I haven’t been a proper angel in years.”
“The transition from angel grace to human soul is tremendous. You know the answer to your question Castiel,” Michael replied.
“Whatever. We all have our guilty pleasures, Mr. Celine Dion is my favorite singer,” Dean shot back.
He froze, surprised at the admission that slipped from his lips. Cas was a complete stranger and he was sure he had no desire to hear all about Dean’s screw ups. He jerked when he felt a light touch to the back of his hand.
“Hello, Sam. My name is Castiel and I have been trying to find you so that I could speak to you. I am currently staying with your brother, Dean. He has been going through a rough time and I am trying to help him out. I know one thing he regrets is the way he let your relationship fall apart. Please, if you care for him, even a little bit, return my call.” Cas ended the call and fell back against the couch, feeling completely exhausted. He couldn’t fathom that a single phone call would be so stressful.
Dean didn’t mind the tears running down his own cheeks as he embraced his brother. “It’s good to finally see you. I’ve missed you, Sam.”
Cas moved until he was standing directly in front of Sam. “What is going on? What happened to Dean?”
“You’re the most honorable hunter I’ve ever met Dean. Most would only be concerned with stuffing their own pockets and wouldn’t care about the creature they are hunting.” Cas fell silent as he took another bite of rabbit.
Cas captured Dean’s mouth again as he ran featherlight touches up and down his arms, trying to soothe the nervous man. Even though he could feel Dean’s erection sliding against his, the man’s shoulders were still tight with tension. “Dean just relax. I won’t go any further until you’re comfortable.” Cas bit softly on his earlobe earning a small moan from Dean.
Cas chuckled. “Well, I’ve accumulated quite a bit in four and half billion years. It would be a shame to let it all go to waste.”
“Sweetheart, are you ever going to tell me where we’re going?” Cas asked, glancing at his lover, curiosity bubbling in his eyes.
“It means when I said I love you, I meant it romantically. I meant it as being in love with you, Dean Winchester,” Cas assured him. “I have been for years, and I knew that if there was one thing I wanted to do before I died, it was to tell you how I really felt about you.”
Cas stood there in the dark, listening to his heart beat erratically in his chest. His mind was spinning, trying to process everything. He was human, but he was no longer stuck in the Empty. He was alive, and he could be with Dean. He let out a joyous shout.
“Morning, jerk. I’m surprised you’re up. Figured I was going to have to drag your ass out of bed,” Sam joked as he walked inside the room, his hands laden with take-out bags and coffee cups. He dropped the bags and cups on the table and pulled Dean into a tight hug. “How are you doing, getting cold feet yet?”
When they pulled away, their foreheads remained touching. Dean slid his nose along Cas’ and pressed another gentle kiss to his lips. Cas smiled and repeated the gesture. “I’m sorry for leaving you, but I had to protect you from Billie.”
Gabriel was one of the four archangels. He had never been able to handle the fallout of his two elder archangel brothers: Michael and Lucifer. Lucifer causing the Fall of humanity had created a great rift between him and the rest of angel kind. Gabriel hadn’t handled Lucifer being condemned to Hell and like Dean, had sought a way to make his problems go away. For an angel to get drunk or addicted to drugs meant they had to consume an extremely large amount compared to humans. Gabriel’s drug of choice had been cocaine and he had been consuming over ten grams per day of the stuff.
“Yes, I have to admit Clarence and Squirrel look pretty dashing,” Meg said from behind the witch, her trademark smirk in place.
Cas came hurrying down the stairs, attempting to tie his tie as he navigated the steps. He managed to get it tied by the time he reached the bottom step. He wasn’t paying much attention though and tripped but luckily Dean was there to catch him.
Meg looked over her shoulder, and pure terror spread across her face. In the blink of an eye, Ammit was upon Rowena and pinning her to the ground. Her jaws closed around the woman’s chest, and a loud cracking sound could be heard. Meg watched as the leathery snout pierced the woman’s chest and pulled the still-beating heart from Rowen’s body. The demoness tipped her head back, and the organ slipped down her throat.
“How fucked up is that Cas? My own father left me, a thirteen-year-old kid, to take care of his little brother. It’s a miracle I didn’t burn the apartment down or give Sam food poisoning. If it wasn’t for having Bobby on speed dial, I probably would have,” Dean said harshly.
Dean knew Cas tried not to seem upset by his clan’s treatment towards him, but he couldn’t hide it. He stared at the ground with his shoulders slumped, and his voice dripping with sadness. Cas was a gentle and loving soul living in a world of harsh and indifferent creatures.
After presents were opened, Jack insisted on taking a family photo since he wanted to start a photo album to remember all the good times. Once the picture was taken, Sam and Eileen worked on cleaning up the wrapping paper while Jack set up one of his board games. Dean and Cas decided to make hot chocolate to enjoy while they played.
Sam scoffed, “I don’t know what your issue is tonight but if you’re going to act like an asshole then I will text Eileen to come pick me up.”
Cas’ face erupted into a beaming smile. “Your wish is my command.” He flapped his wings harder and faster, catapulting them further into the sky. They didn’t stop soaring higher until they were even with the clouds. Cas once more hovered in place, taking in the sight around him. The sky was a beautiful light blue filled with rays of golden sunshine. From here, nothing on the ground could be made out except for the green of the trees and grass of the meadow they had just stood in. He bent his head and peppered kisses against Dean’s face and on his closed eyes. “Will you look for me beloved?”
Sam pulled Dean into a hug, wrapping his arms tightly around his brother. “Well, I’ll be honored. And Dean, I hope you find whatever it is you’re searching for.”
The magician lifted her head and scoffed. “I don’t think we will ever find a way to the Bull, Eileen. There is no proof the cat told the truth. Besides, Winchester keeps us so busy. I’m sure he does it on purpose so that we don’t have time to search.” Meg was silent, staring at her calloused palms. She looked at Eileen, defeat shining in her eyes. “He knows, Eileen.”
Castiel chewed on his lip. As an angel, he didn’t need to eat or drink and until his grace was much more depleted, he wouldn’t have to do either of those things. But he didn’t want to pass up this opportunity to connect with Dean. It could be the offer he needed to get closer to Dean.
Cas laid down, pulling Dean on top of him so their bodies were flush against each other. He kissed Dean deeply as he rolled them so that now Cas was on top and Dean was plastered against the sheets. Cerulean blue locked with watered green as Cas stared at the man below him.
Dean sat on the couch, his thigh brushing against Cas’. “Heck yeah, I did! My Chiefs beat his Saints, so that’s always a plus. Oh, and guess what?”
“What are you talking about? That clock will never strike the right hour! All you do is walk through the clock, and on the other side, you will find a tunnel that leads to the Red Bull,” the skull described. “Now give me the wine!”
The taller Winchester frowned, “It’s Sam and since it’s been so busy, why don’t you go home and get some sleep? I know I’m exhausted.”
He snuggled into Dean’s chest, his cheek lying right over Dean’s heart. Dean wrapped his arms around Cas’ waist, uncaring of the man’s weight on top of him. “Damn straight, this is where you belong Cas. It’s you and me, together.”
Cas and Ellie started preparing for their baby, and they couldn’t have been happier. Cas had gotten a job at a bookstore, and for the first time, actually enjoyed his work. Although he no longer had his family’s money, he and Ellie managed to make ends meet. When they got home from their jobs, they would work on getting the nursery set up for their future child. Ellie’s pregnancy had been difficult, and Cas had been exhausted trying to get the house prepared, but he had flourished into his own person without his parents hovering over his shoulder.
Cas was enjoying a pleasant dream about being curled up by a fireplace reading a book when he was jerked awake by a small body jumping on top of him.
“I’d like that cher. I’d like that a lot. Look, I gotta get going, meeting some friends for dinner. If you ever want to talk, you got my number.”
“Dude,” Dean said, slapping his brother upside the head. “Of course, you should have told me! Can we tell everybody now?”
Even though the transformation was nearly complete, Castiel clung to his human shape, his face hanging in the air. He cried out one last time for Dean, and the prince turned his head. Dean’s eyes widened, and he shouted, “Cas!”
Dean, Sam, Kaia, and Claire got out of the Impala while Jody, Donna, Alex, and Patience exited the truck. They all grabbed their weapons and gave each other one final look before heading into the barn. Everybody had split up into teams: Jody and Donna, Claire and Kaia, Alex and Patience, and Sam and Dean. As soon as they entered, the vamps were on them. The next ten minutes were nothing but fighting and slicing heads off shoulders.
Dean gripped the chair so tight his knuckles turned white. He felt something building in him, anger and fury and pain and despair all rolled into one. With a raging snarl, he threw the chair across the room causing Jack and Sam to jump. Without another word, Dean stormed from the room.
“Yeah, she passed away a long time ago,” Dean replied solemnly, refusing to look at Cas for the moment.
The next few days were uneventful for the two men. They went to work during the day and worked on repairing the kitchen at night. They managed to not have another paint fiasco, and the cabinets now looked brand new. Dean refused to talk about Sam, and Cas didn’t dare mention him again.
Dean had never told Cas how much he meant to him. Instead he had always kept Cas at arm’s length, choosing to treat him as just a friend. How could he blame Cas for never saying anything when Dean had always flirted with women any chance he got? When he always got angry and blamed Cas when things went wrong even if it wasn’t Cas’ fault. Even in his dying moments, when Cas had finally admitted his feelings, Dean had stared at him in silence, too overwhelmed to say anything back.
So, I have no idea how accurate Cas' plan to handle Dean's alcohol addiction is but hopefully it isn't too far-fetched or impossible.
Meg’s face was set in a hard line, growing tired of everyone being upset with her. “I turned you into a human to save you from the Red Bull. Do not fret, for I will turn you back into your proper self soon enough.”
After a while, Dean’s stomach growled. “Alright, enough questions. Let’s go get food. I’m starving.”
Everybody filed into the barn, found their seats, grabbed their plates, and headed to the buffet. Dean and Cas were the first to go down the line, and Dean made sure to pile his plate high with a little bit of everything. Jody and Donna had outdone themselves, making sure to have all of Dean’s favorites. There were hamburgers, hotdogs, baked beans, mac and cheese, coleslaw, corn on the cob, green beans, french fries, and cornbread.
“I promise,” Cas assured softly as he pressed his lips to Dean’s. “You’re to precious to me to ever even consider dropping.”
Meg scoffed. “This isn’t a throne room; this is a cell. I have never heard of a king who doesn’t have an elaborate court. Is the king even alive, or are you stringing us along?”
Cas started rubbing soothing circles into the skin of Dean’s thighs. “I plan on giving you the world.” He leaned forward and licked a broad stripe from the head to the base of Dean’s cock.
“Yeah brother, I’ve been good, real good. Got a wife named Andrea who I love, and we got a little girl with another one on the way. I moved back to Louisiana after I graduated and have been saving up for my own restaurant since then and now, I’m finally doing it. Seems things turned out good for the both of us.” Benny moved the camera to show a little girl playing on the floor with a couple of dolls.
Dean glanced up and noticed Cas standing in the entranceway. “You gonna stare at us all morning, or are you planning on joining us? If we don’t start opening presents soon, Jack is gonna turn into a real monkey and start throwing bananas.”
“Hey honey. Been a while since I saw you in here. How are you and that moose of a brother,” she asked as she set a beer in front of him, the lid already popped.
“Yes, well, it’s nice to see you in something besides flannel and the angel in something besides a trench coat,” Crowley replied, giving Cas a brief hug as well.
Dean flashed him a smile as he removed Cas’ converse and socks. He unbuttoned Cas’ blue jeans and pulled them and his briefs down in one go. His eyes zeroed in on Cas’ cock where it hung heavy in between his legs. Cas was about the same length as Dean but wider in girth and he was starting to panic at the thought of trying to take it up his ass.
“I’m glad I didn’t overstep my boundaries, and this opened up another opportunity for you.” Cas leaned over to kiss his boyfriend.
Cas became acutely aware that the guy was still holding his hand when the man dropped his gaze and softly rubbed his thumb against Cas’ wrist. Cas watched as the man’s eyes grew as large as saucers and his mouth dropped open. When the guy looked back at Cas, he thought the stranger was the most handsome man he had ever seen.
Cas nuzzled against Dean’s nose and cheek. “I promise not to leave you again. I’m home Dean; wherever you are, I’m home. I love you.”
“You better watch it, or else your fancy shampoo is gonna be replaced with hair remover. Let’s see if Eileen still loves you when you’re bald,” Dean said before he broke into laughter.
The green waves crashed against the shore, their crests nothing but bright, foamy whiteness. As they continued to crash against the rocks, shapes started taking form. Their heads were dainty, and their bodies lithe. Their manes and tails flowed behind them, adding to the intense whiteness of the seafoam. They moved with the same fluid grace as Castiel did, dancing amongst the waves but never setting a single hoof on the sand. As long as the Bull was there, they refused to leave the waters. More unicorns came from the depths with every ebb and flow of the waves, colliding into those who were standing in the shallows.
Cas started walking along the shore, heading to a secluded cave that his kind used when they came on land. The human he carried was slightly larger than him and was heavy. His soaked clothes weighed him down, and even with his superior strength, Cas was growing tired. His arms and legs were shaking by the time he reached the cave. He was just inside when his legs gave out, and he crumpled to the ground.
Cas chuckled, his teeth showing and his eyes and nose scrunching up. “I’m putting it on; I’m putting it on.”
The next day found Dean and Sam helping Eileen in the kitchen again. Sam and Eileen were cutting vegetables while Dean had offered to cook the stew for the night. All three were unusually quiet as they worked.
There was a soft gasp from the doorway, and Dean spun in his seat to see Cas standing there. He was dressed in black boots, brown breeches, and an overly large blue shirt. Dean had gladly lent him some of his clothes, but Cas was shorter and slimmer than him, so the clothes hung off his body. Instead of looking frumpy, Cas looked ethereal in the garments, their ugliness only heightening his own beauty.
Dean stood from his seat and hurried over to his aunt. He told her their idea and she was very excited about their project. He walked back to Cas; a large smile plastered on his face. “She gave us a very enthusiastic yes! So, we can start working on it today after school, if you still want to come over that is.”
After dessert, Claire and Kaia got the music going, and most of the guests started having fun on the dance floor. John and Mary shared a couple of dances, then John returned to his table, saying he wasn’t one for dancing. Mary, unperturbed by her husband’s surliness, grabbed Ellen’s hand, and the two enjoyed rocking out. To everyone’s surprise, Bobby stayed on the dance floor for half a dozen songs before retiring to a table to enjoy a few beers. Crowley and Rowena had one dance together, then Crowley took a seat back at his table. Rowena found Gabe, and it seemed they quickly rekindled their fling from years before. Neither of them had any shame as their dancing got more and more provocative. Mary finally shooed them off and told them to get a room. They took her advice and popped away without a second thought.
While Dean was waiting for Ellen to run his card to pay for lunch, he watched a father and his young son take a seat at one of the booths. Dean smiled at the matching blue sock monkey hats they wore and felt something tighten in his chest. He longed for the day to find a partner and raise a child together. As he watched the two, he found the child adorable and the father quite attractive. Dean sighed under his breath; the good ones were always taken.
Cas rubbed his thumb over Dean’s cockhead, heightening the pleasure burning through his lover’s veins. He thrust his hips up, his movement becoming more and more erratic. He caught Dean’s lips in a tender embrace, but their lips just slid against each other as they both were getting close to the edge. He tightened his grip around Dean’s length and whispered, “Cum for me, sweetheart.”
Dean sighed heavily, “No, but I don’t think the problem is going to go away. Especially with Cas being a constant presence.”
Jody gave a sharp nod of her head. “With this eternal bond now set in stone, I now pronounce you, by the power vested in me by the state of Nebraska, husband, and husband. You may now seal your vows with a kiss.”
Dean’s mouth gaped open as he gazed at the exquisite beauty in front of him. Cas was wearing the blue lingerie set they had bought at the mall. The silk cami covering his chest and stomach clung to him, just enough material to stretch across his frame. He dragged his eyes down Cas’ body coming to rest at the man’s groin. The panties hugged his hips, his cock stretching the silk to its max.
Cas’ cake was just as flawlessly designed. It was a large beehive decorated with bees and flowers, and Cas teared up when he saw it. “Oh, Dean, it’s perfect,” he cried, pulling Dean in for another passionate kiss. He was so in love with his cake that he felt ashamed to cut a piece out of it.
“Just got a call from some college kid whose car broke down by the old bowling alley. Don’t know what he was doing out there, but can you go tow him in? I’d send Garth but he’s elbows deep in Ms. Tran’s truck,” Bobby explained.
Dean’s eyes twinkled with delight. “That sounds awesome, Cas. You have nothing to worry about; my family is a bunch of goofballs just like me. They will love you, I promise!”
Thus Sam got to live the life that he wanted and the life that Dean wanted for him. Even though he missed his brother for the rest of his life, he was happy. He was happy with a wife and kids he loved. He was happy to be surrounded by friends and family he loved and who loved him back. On the days when he felt Dean’s death more than usual, he would climb into Baby and take her for a drive. On those days, if he looked hard enough, it was like he could see Dean sitting in the passenger seat next to him. Sam would smile and whisper, “Thanks for always looking out for me, Dean. I hope you’re happy too.”
Meg could see the conviction burning in Dean’s eyes, but she knew that Dean’s feelings towards Castiel didn’t matter. “It’s a nice sentiment, Dean, but it can’t last. I hope to turn him back to his true self so that he might face the Red Bull and free his kind. Once he’s a unicorn again… well, you’ll just be a distant memory.”
“He’s really cute if you ask me and he’s single and available,” Ellen said with a wink in his direction.
“You’re gonna have to elaborate on that over dinner,” Bobby said as he handed a bottle to Sam and Dean each and set a third on the table for Mary. He popped his own open and took a deep gulp. “Cas, have you had beer?”
“You were never a loser, Dean. You were just lost,” Cas said softly as he let his hand rest on top of Dean’s.
Cas shrugged, “I don’t believe myself to be ugly. I will admit that there are some pleasing aesthetic qualities to my appearance but nothing too grand.”
Meg called for the unicorn until she was hoarse. She slumped into her bonds, fearing that she had been abandoned. She closed her eyes as a single tear rolled down her cheek and dripped onto the ground below. Her head snapped up when the ropes binding her fell to the ground. If it weren’t for the full moon overhead, Meg would have never been able to make out the unicorn standing before her. She stepped away from the tree, rubbing at her sore wrists. “I thought you had left me to my fate,” she said with a grin.
“It’s a curse, one inspired by fairytales. The only way to save Dean is with true love’s kiss. So, unless you know Dean’s true love, he has at most an hour before he withers away to a husk.” Cas’ voice was full of despair as he said, “You should say your goodbyes Sam. There’s nothing we can do.”
Just then, “Daaaaaddyyyyy! Paaaaapaaaaa! It’s Christmas! It’s Christmas! Wake up! Wake up,” Jack hollered, running into their room and jumping onto the bed. He clambered on top of Dean and Cas, not caring where he stepped or who he stepped on. “C’mon, we got to go open presents!”
Sam made a bitchface. “Dude, way too much information. Can’t we have one conversation without you bringing your love life into it?”
Cas took another sip of his coffee before setting the mug on the counter and walking to his son. He looked in the bowl and saw lots of clumps of dry pancake mix. “You did a great job, monkey. How about we get you cleaned up, and then you can watch cartoons while I cook the pancakes?”
Dean headed back to the beach and sat on the sand and just enjoyed watching Cas cut through the water. He thought next time he would bring a snorkel and wetsuit and go swimming with his boyfriend. Maybe he would borrow Bobby’s boat and they could head into deeper water so Dean could scuba dive with Cas. Cas swam for a few minutes before coming back to Dean.
“Uh huh. Whatever, I guess I need to go text Eileen and have her come pick me up. I’ll see you tomorrow Dean,” Sam called as he walked away.
Dean pulled away from the hickey he was sucking into Cas’ skin. “I know what you mean sweetheart. There will never be another person for me. Gonna make you feel so good.”
Dean spun around to see John and Mary smiling at them. He took a deep breath and slowly walked up to them, a little worried about what they were going to say. Dean knew his mom wouldn’t have a problem with him and Cas; she had asked multiple times if they were already a couple. It was his dad he was unsure about. Dean had never been anything but a lady’s man when his dad was alive; what would he say seeing Dean with a guy?
Cas scrambled to comply, going down to his forearms, sticking his ass in the air as he spread his legs wide. He looked over his shoulder. “Dean, c’mon, I want you!”
The first sob broke the dam as Dean’s entire body was wracked with painful spasms as he felt his heart shatter in his chest. His entire life, he had tried to do the right thing. He had done his best to take care of Sam and protect him. He had tried to protect his mom and Bobby and Charlie and Jack and Jody and Donna and the whole damn world! He had never asked for anything in return, never wanted it. He knew he didn’t deserve it because as many good things as he had done, he had done twice as many bad. He had failed Sam, causing his brother to be killed, to be sent to the Cage, to become souless, to be taken over by an angel. It wasn’t just Sam Dean had failed, it was every person Dean had known. Mary, Bobby, Benny, Charlie, Kevin, Ellen, Jo, Rowena, they had all died either for or because of him. He had always known he was a monster just like the monsters he hunted. His entire life he had been filled with rage and anger, choosing to lash out at those he loved instead of letting them help him. Dean didn’t deserve anything, especially someone’s love.
Even though he told Eileen he wouldn’t, he had spent countless hours in the library. He looked through every book, trying to find some spell that would get him to the Empty or to find a way to bring Cas back from the awful place. His searching was futile and Dean gave up, accepting that Cas was gone, and there was no way he was bringing him back.
As the song continued to play, another soft staccato beat joined in. Cas lifted his head and looked outside, surprised to see a light drizzle of rain. “I thought it was supposed to be sunny today.”
Sam crossed his arms and frowned at Dean. “You winked at him and started off the entire conversation with a cheesy pick up line. You took your long sleeve shirt off and totally flexed your muscles. You smiled at him like a dozen times. You touched him just as many times on the shoulder and the arm and one time you brushed your knuckles across his cheek. Oh, and I’m pretty sure for half of the conversation you guys were undressing and fucking one another just with your eyes.”
“I still don’t see why I’m here. Can’t you grant him what he wants? His dead parents or that nerdy redhead he was so fond of,” the Empty said as he watched Death. He had never seen her show fondness for a human before and he was mildly interested as to what was so special about this one.
“Yeah, I am. You’re Dean, right? Cas described you two and he said Sam was extremely tall with long brown hair. You’re tall but unless my brother has gone colorblind, your hair ain’t exactly brown,” the man said good naturedly, a broad smile lighting up his brown eyes.
The man grinned. “I heard one of my boys were getting married. I didn’t want to miss that. You always were one of my favorites, Dean, and I wanted the best for you.”
Dean forced a smile to his face. “Yeah kid, we did it. Michael’s right, there’s no better choice for a new God.” He pulled the Nephilim into his arms and hugged him tightly. When they broke apart, he kept a hand on Jack’s shoulder. “Jack, I’m not going back with you. I can’t. I need you to find Sam and make sure he’s ok. I know he was pissed that we left him behind but he was too injured to fight this battle. Then I need you to tell Sam I’m proud of him; I’m proud of all of us. Tell him to go find Eileen and have a life together. And you; you go turn Heaven around and put those dickhead angels in their place.” He squeezed Jack’s shoulder before dropping his hand.
“You know what, I think I will. There is a movie she has been wanting to see. Thanks, Dean. Hope you guys have fun tomorrow,” Sam said as he walked off to his room.
“Why don’t you get out of those clothes and show me how much you want me,” Benny drawled in his thick Cajun accent.
“I know that. It’s just… we’ve hardly done anything separate since you started living with me,” Dean stated.
She glanced behind her shoulder as two of the wagon drivers walked towards her. The older driver was a short man who was getting on in years with thin black hair and a peppered beard. He wore all black, a cloak clasped tightly around his shoulders to ward off the night chill. The other, a woman, was far younger with dark brown hair and eyes. She was dressed in black pants, a purple shirt, and a dark black cape. Her choice of clothing often earned her foul looks, but she had long since quit caring about others’ opinions.
Dean reached up to drag his fingers down Cas’ cheek and across his lips. “I never really had too many reasons to laugh. Now, with you by my side every day, I’ve got lots of reasons. You’re my own personal sunshine, Cas.”
Sam gripped Dean’s forearm tightly. “It wasn’t just your decisions. It was yours, mine, Cas’, Jack’s. It’s like you said, Winchesters are infamous for making bad decisions. But those decisions were made out of love Dean. They were made because we were trying to protect each other and the world. Cas made his deal to protect Jack, and he’s gone because he was protecting you. I just can’t believe Cas finally admitted how he felt for you. I wasn’t sure either of you ever would.”
“As soon as I saw Cas go through the clock, I followed him. If I had realized Father was so close, I would have stayed behind. I’m sorry, Sam,” Dean said.
The skull paid them no mind and kept shouting. “King Winchester, the bandits are here! At the clock, come quick!”
The unicorn stood there, staring at the night sky. He pawed at the ground, unsure of how he felt in response to the butterfly’s words. “At least he knew me,” he whispered to no one. The unicorn heaved a sigh. “No, that may not be true. He probably heard a song or poem about unicorns and this Red Bull. I can’t trust a butterfly and his ramblings. So then, where do I go from here?”
The only thing I suggest is that if there’s one person you let yourself be vulnerable with, it’s each other. Always trust one another and always speak with an open mind and an open heart. It’s easy to put walls up and hide behind them, but those walls turn into canyons.” She looked pointedly at Dean, who gave a sheepish smile in return. “Make sure to keep doing the little things for each other. You’ve already fought demons and enemies, now reap the rewards of having the chance to build a life together and forge a bond that is greater than its parts. Now, I believe the two of you wrote your own vows.”
She hugged him one more time before pulling away. They locked eyes for a few seconds before she broke contact and swam away.
“Castiel, what can I do for you? Aren’t you supposed to be watching over your charge,” Michael asked.
Cas dropped the bottle next to them and scooted down Dean’s body. He grabbed Dean’s cock in his hand and rubbed his thumb over the slit, causing a bead of precum to slide down the hard length. More precum dribbled from the slit as Cas continued to move his hand up and down the smooth flesh. He looked at Dean, whose hands were fisting the sheets, fighting the instinct to buck his hips up. “You’re being so good for me, sweetheart,” Cas whispered. He leaned over and pecked his lover on the lips.
Before Crowley could reply, Rowena walked up and embraced them. “Oh, you boys look so handsome! Those tuxes fit you like a glove. I really outdid myself!”
The Bull roared, and Dean fell to the ground. When he stood back up, blood could be seen trickling down his face. The Bull stomped and pawed at the sand, and still, Dean did not move.
A week ago, Dean had told Cas to pack a suitcase because they were going on a road trip. When Cas asked what for, Dean had kissed him and said he was just going to have to trust him. A few hours later, they arrived in a small town in the middle of Nebraska. After renting a room at a hotel, they dropped their stuff off with Cas, remarking, “It feels like old times just with better amenities. Are we going on a monster hunt?”
“Night Cas, see you in the morning.” Sam stood up and started collecting his beer bottles and bowl of popcorn before heading to the kitchen to throw it all away.
Jack studied the mark carefully. “Daddy said the book is because he loves to read. So that means the pie is for you. Do you love pie, Mr. Dean?”
Cas looked at the building with awe. The roof was covered in layers of brand new black shingles, and the brown coat of paint on the wooden exterior was no more than a few days old. Pristine white frames outlined all the windows, and the rolling doors had large, freshly painted white “X’s” on them. Lanterns hung next to the windows, casting a soft light as darkness slowly descended on the land.
“I understand complicated relationships. My mother and I haven’t spoken since I told her I was gay when I was sixteen. She kicked me out of the house that very same day. If it wasn’t for Gabe, I don’t know what I would have done. He’s the only one in the family who talks to me,” Cas said as he stared out the front window.
“That has to be the hundredth time one of you has said that, but it doesn’t reverse the fact that I am still human and no closer to being back to my true form,” Castiel said, accusation clear in his voice.
“C’mon, Cas, it’s cake. It’s meant to be eaten… and shoved into your husband’s face,” Dean said, already holding a piece of cake in his hand.
“Yeah, we can, but first, little boys have to get tickled before they can open presents,” Dean cried, running his fingers up and down Jack’s sensitive sides.
The officer immediately let go, apologizing in the process. Dean smiled at her and gave her a quick nod of his head. He watched as she untied Alistair’s legs and then hauled him to his feet. She put cuffs around his wrists before untying his hands.
“Relax jerk. Just tell him when it feels right. I told Eileen the first time when we went stargazing together where it was just the two of us. What have you done previously?” Sam grabbed the remote and turned the volume down so they could talk better.
Dean stood to his feet and helped Sam to his before pulling his brother into a tight hug. “Let’s go kill this son of a bitch and get that happy ending.”
“Dean!” Sam shouted with an agonized cry of despair. He went running to his brother, but Eileen and Meg grabbed him, preventing him from getting trampled by the Bull. He fell to his knees, pulling the others with him, staring at Dean’s lifeless body with tears running down their cheeks.
Meg cleared her throat, “Sir Castiel is my nephew. I am his only living relative that he knows; therefore, I am his guardian. I’m sure you’re wondering about his attire. Bandits attacked us, you see and-”
Dean shrugged his shoulders. “What can I say, I’m tired of fighting Cas. I’m at the bottom of the barrel, I’d like to try and get out of it. Apparently, you’re crazy enough to attempt to do that. At this point, I’ll listen to whatever you say.”
He quickly signed, “Sorry, Charlie. That’s Cas and he really loves seals and got upset when I told him you might be putting Bella down. I’ll just grab him and go.”
The unicorn shook from within his cage as he stared at the demoness, but his voice was collected when he said, “I could break the lock if only it weren’t surrounded by iron. Cold iron such as this weakens all true magical creatures. I am trapped unless someone opens the lock.”
. He looked at the other man, pleading with his eyes to not ask for more. Dean wasn’t having it, pointing at Cas and the message in the sand. Castiel knew he didn’t have to answer the question. He could walk away right now, swim back into the ocean, and forget all about Dean. Something about the man kept him from doing so.
He snuggled up as close to Cas as possible. “I can’t believe it’s all over. It seems surreal to think about.”
“I think more along the lines of bi, but I’m not sure anymore. Our dad may have…beat it out of him,” Sam replied as he played with the label on his beer bottle.
Dean shrugged, “She passed away when I was fifteen. Her and dad went out for a date. On the way home, they were t-boned by a truck. Doctor said she passed away on impact and never felt a thing. Small mercies, you know. After that, dad was never really the same. A part of him was lost and he was never able to get it back.”
Castiel nodded once before placing two fingers on Dean’s forehead. The next instant Cas was standing in the middle of a large kitchen. Sunlight streamed through the multiple windows and there were three pies cooling on a rack next to the stove. Cas smiled at the desserts before looking around for a glimpse of Dean.
Cas’ lips were set in a tight line and he glared at Michael. He could feel his grace pulsing inside of him and he was barely keeping his wings held tightly to his back. He knew what he was asking was against the rules, but Dean was different than any other human he had been assigned to.
Dean started signing but stopped when the man held a hand up. “Don’t ‘Bobby’ me. You take your ass to Benny and get a clean bill of health or else I’m pausing your research for at least a month.”
Dean ran his hand through his hair. He moved until he was standing right in front of Cas. “For being such an asshole this morning. I was pissed at you and I was taking it out on you, too.”
“Dean, what do you need so many paper lanterns for? Are you throwing some kind of party,” he asked exasperatedly.
Sam grabbed the bag and pulled a few weapons from it. There were two knives and two guns. He passed one of each to Dean before asking, “What makes these special? Where did you have them?”
“I can put some of the other stuff back, but I really want this one. It matches my tail almost exactly. I’m surprised you didn’t get it.”
“Kevin, the guy I hired to work at the store, says there’s a restaurant not far from here called the Roadhouse, and it’s the best place in town to eat. What do you say to giving it a shot?” Cas asked.
Meg quickly grabbed Dean’s size and walked behind the checkout counter. “Alright, I will have to ring your boots up separately from Jo’s to be able to use the discount. Is there any more shopping you have to do, or are you ready to check out?”
Dean suddenly felt his phone vibrating. He pulled it out to see Sam calling, but he didn’t pick it up. He couldn’t because he had no words to say. He was alone and he was empty. He dropped the phone before letting his head rest against the wall behind him. He brought his hands up and scrubbed them over his face and through his hair as a sob escaped him.
Cas reached across the table and grabbed Dean’s hand in his, giving it a gentle squeeze. “Dean, I think all of that sounds wonderful. You have nothing to be embarrassed by. I can definitely work with all of that. How about we make tomorrow a day, and we’ll take Jack and get our shopping done? Then we can have dinner with your family, and hopefully, by the end of the day, I won’t have embarrassed myself so badly that I want to crawl under a rock.”
Castiel wanted to say more but chose not to. He quickly swam out of the cave and found Spot waiting for him. He looked at the bottles in his hands and decided he needed something to carry them in. He found some kelp and created a simple bag to stow the bottles in. He and Spot then started the long journey home.
The king released Castiel and moved to stand near the edge of the parapet. He looked at the crashing waves below and beckoned Castiel over. Castiel eyed the king warily but hesitantly moved to stand next to him. He looked at the waves and thought they almost looked alive, rising and arching their backs when they neared the shoreline. They seemed to paw at the beach before finally lunging at the sand and then receding to the sea. Far out at sea, waves were a dull green, but they were a pure white when they broke against the shore.
He waited for her to drop her arms before replying. “We’ve only been dating a few days. I’ve had a busy week, and this was the first time I could stop by.”
Cas had insisted that they sign as much as possible so he could learn faster. “Hand me the remote and let me look. Have we watched all the Marvel movies yet? If not, we could watch one of them.”
“I’m fine; it’s just a scratch. Wrap it up, and I’ll be ok. Quit fussing over me.” Sam winced as Eileen gently pulled his hand away.
Dean slipped his arm around Cas’ shoulder, pulling him closer to his body. “Hey, it’s ok, nothing to get flustered about. I don’t know everyone in town, but I do know most of them. You’ll learn who everybody is in time, don’t worry. Besides, I told you I was a social butterfly, and I meant it.”
“Stop,” John barked. “Do not come to me with lies and treachery. I know what is said about me. I know how little my people think of me, the few that remain in my kingdom, at least. I do not need servants, nor do I wish for them. My sons take care of anything I need to be done.”
The blanket that covered Dean slipped and Cas caught sight of something around his neck. It was a leather cord and hanging from it was a small statue of a siren. Castiel crawled forward slowly, not wanting to spook the human. Dean eyed him cautiously but didn’t move away even when the other man was only a foot or two away from him.
Even with the draperies pulled back, darkness and cold swirled in the cage like living entities. The unicorn had to squint his eyes to make out a shriveled-up figure huddled in the corner. She was rocking back and forth, her entire body nothing more than skin and bones. Her hair was long and greasy, her skin littered with age spots, and her eyes so sunken into their sockets, they were barely visible. She was alone and helpless, and the unicorn couldn’t fathom how the weight of the darkness surrounding her didn’t crush her.
Cas refused to look up from the ground, “Dean, please let me go. It’s obvious I completely misread the situation and I would like to keep from embarrassing myself further.”
When they broke apart, Cas rubbed circles into Dean’s cheeks as he stared at the man he could now call his husband. “Mr. Winchester, how I love you so! This is the happiest day of my life.”
Dean wound his arms around Cas’ waist and pulled him close. “Hush. It’s a good song. Now, will you dance with me?”
Cas sighed. “His mother had just as unusual taste as well. Her favorite thing to eat was pepperoni and brownies, at the same time.”
“Oh, c’mon Cas, she’s fourteen, pretty sure I’m not the only one she’s heard say that word. Now, Jack, yeah, I could understand. He’s only eight and way more sensitive than we could ever hope for Claire to be.” Even though Dean bantered with his husband, he still pulled his wallet out and dropped three dollars in the glass jar sitting on the kitchen counter.
Cas’ entire demeanor changed. His shoulders slumped, he cast his eyes to the ground, and the corners of his lips turned down. He reached for the handle of the car, scurrying to get out the vehicle. He was halfway to the door of his house before Dean’s brain caught up and he hurried after Cas. He grabbed the man’s shoulder and spun him around just before he reached the door.
Cas forced himself to sit up, his face twisting as pain surged through his body. “You’re regretting whatever choice you just made to bring me back. I can see the despair in your eyes Dean. You’re blaming yourself for reasons I don’t know.”
“I just ate a little bit ago, but I would love to accompany you to lunch. It has been awhile since I’ve had the chance to converse with a friend,” Cas said, accepting the offer.
Dean wiped at his eyes, and he pulled back to look at his little sister. “Ok. I’m thrilled you could be here.”
“Anytime, Dean, anytime. You boys enjoy the reception,” Sonny said, shaking Dean’s hand and then walking off.
Cas’ eyes darkened with lust, and he said, “You. I would like to celebrate our engagement in a more intimate way.”
Cas pulled away from the embrace. “Thank you, Dean. I should be going. I may not have work in the morning, but you do. You don’t want Sam to be mad at you for waking up late, right?”
“I made him realize that even if Dean didn’t search for you, Jack would and wouldn’t stop until he found you. He wasn’t too happy with the idea of being woken by you again,” Billie explained.
The unicorn heard a horrible hissing from the cage beside his. “I fear we don’t have much time. Can you free me from this prison or no?”
Alistair pointed to a very familiar cave. “The tracks I saw are by the water in front of that cave.”
“He loves you just as I do. I have to go start getting ready and double-check a few last-minute details. I’ll see you at the altar in a few hours. I love you to the stars and back,” Cas said tenderly.
Dean reeled back as if slapped. He grabbed at the single chair to keep from falling to his knees. “No. No, that- that’s impossible. We can’t be.” He looked at Sam, begging his brother to tell him it was some cruel joke. Sam’s refusal to answer was answer enough.
Cas realized how bad of an idea that turned out to be when he woke up later in the middle of the night, his skin itching worse than a thousand fire ant bites. As he scratched at his arm, he clenched his teeth, pain blossoming along his flesh. He looked down to see his skin peeling away.
Cas shoved hard inside Dean’s hole as it constricted around him. A few more harsh thrusts, and he came with a shouted, “Dean!” His cock was buried deep as it flooded Dean’s channel with semen. He gave a few more shallow thrusts before stilling, letting his forehead drop against Dean’s shoulder, enjoying the ripples running through his body as Dean continued to milk his cock.
Castiel haltingly reached his hand out to run his fingers from Dean’s hair, down his cheek, to finally rest against his chin. “Dean,” he whispered.
Dean looked around him, obviously searching for the angel. He rubbed at the back of his neck nervously as he asked, “So, why isn’t Cas here? I, uh, thought he might be, uh, excited to see me.”
Dean’s arms were wrapped around Cas’ neck and his fingers were digging into the angel’s shoulder. His face was buried in Cas’ chest, petrified to see how high they already were. His whole body was shaking in his boyfriend’s grip, terrified that at any moment Cas would lose his grip and Dean would plummet to the ground.
He waved at Dean who was standing on the porch, just staring at the landscape in front of him. Dean gave a single nod but didn’t say anything else. Gabe walked to his car and was driving down the road a minute later.
Alistair shoved Dean away from him, glaring with hatred. “I have no idea what you’re talking about, Alistair. What creature?” Dean asked with fake cluelessness.
Once Alistair was satisfied, he turned back to Dean. He pulled the gun back out. “You’re going to walk in front of me. We are going to go make sure your friend is settled in. Now, get moving.”
Cas left Sam standing in the kitchen as he walked towards Dean’s room. He gasped when the hunter came into view. Dean’s normally luminous soul was severely dimmed and parts of it were flickering, on the edge of extinguishing. Cas moved closer and struggled to keep the bile from rising into his throat. Dean’s cheeks were hallowed, and his eyes sat in sunken eye sockets. His lips were chapped, and his skin had lost most of its golden glow causing his freckles to stand out even more than normal. Cas pulled the blanket that covered Dean’s body and had to look away. Every one of Dean’s bones were prominent, his skin stretched so tight it looked like it could tear at any moment.
Three days later, their provisions were almost gone, but the king’s castle was finally in sight. It would take another half day of traveling before they reached it, so they decided to settle in for the night. Eileen was able to gather a few twigs to light a fire with. She and Meg split the last of the bread and fruit they had while the unicorn stood off in the shadows, staring at the dark castle before them.
Dean sat back on the bed; his head buried in his hands. “I lied about what happened, Sam. Benny and I didn’t break up because things didn’t work out. And I wasn’t mugged either. It was dad,” he finished on a whisper.
Castiel narrowed his eyes and lifted his chin slightly. “And just how many dragons have you come across?”
“Fine, what name do you want to start your new life with,” she asked. Charlie rolled her eyes and studied one of her fingernails, already growing bored with the conversation.
Dean leaned his forehead against Cas’, a scant inch between their mouths. “I love you both more than I have words for.”
Dean pulled back with a sigh. “I tried, Bobby. I tried to move on and live a normal life like you did and like Sam is. I became a mechanic and helped other hunters when they needed it. Hell, I even got a dog, but it wasn’t enough. That kind of life just wasn’t meant for me. Not on my own, at least. Even surrounded by all my friends and family, there was a part of me that was missing.
As soon as it started, the storm stopped. In its place, a colorful rainbow arced across the sky. Cas’ lips curved up at the corners as he took in the dazzling array of hues. “After the storm, there is always beauty,” Cas whispered into the air. He nodded his head in understanding.
Kevin had not been lying as it turned out. Cas’ bacon cheeseburger was one of the best things he had ever put in his mouth, and he was sorry to see the last bite disappear. Jack, who ate chicken tenders at least four times a week, even commented on how good the Roadhouse’s were.
“Of course I can, monkey. I think that’s a perfect nickname for you,” Dean said softly, hugging Jack as close as possible. “Hey, it’s ok. You know what someone once told me?”
Once Claire and Kaia stepped back, Patience and Alex gave them quick hugs and said words of congratulations. Next came Garth and Bess. Bess gave each of them a brief hug before stepping to the side for Garth. Dean thanked Garth once again for the bracelet. “You’re welcome, man! Trust me; it will bring you guys good luck! Bess and I have been super happy together.”
Gabe made a disgruntled sound. “I would hope they weren’t. Our family is nothing but a great big bag of dicks. As soon as you and Jack moved away, I started looking for a way to get away from here myself. I hate being so far from you guys, and it’s not like I talk to the rest of our family. I even found a place to start a candy shop up there. I already sold the one down here. I was just waiting for the house to sell before I told you the news.”
Meg chuckled and puffed her chest out. “I will change him back when the time is right, and the magic comes to me. Eventually, it will come when I call it, and I await that day with eagerness.” Still caught up with joy, she bent over and hugged Eileen. She pulled away and said, “You were right! You said I had the magic, and I do!”
“Alright, if you’re sure about paying the rent then who am I to say no? Be warned though, my place is kind of a mess right now,” Dean warned with a sigh.
Even though the song had ended, Dean sang his next few words. “Marry me, Castiel; you’ll never have to be alone. I love you, and that’s all I really know. I talked to your son; go pick out a suit. It’s a love story, honeybee, just say yes.”
Cas looked up at Dean. He was staring at Cas with a slack jaw and glazed eyes. He waved his hand in front of Dean, but it was like the man had gone blind; he didn’t even blink. Cas realized he had gone into a hypnotic state because of the song.
Sam stayed true to his word. After the funeral, he took a few days to grieve his brother, spending most of his time in Dean’s bedroom. Afterward, many of Dean’s things such as his record player, vinyls, and pictures found themselves in Sam and Eileen’s room. Sam liked knowing he was keeping his brother close.
None of his men paid him any attention as they stood from their seats and stumbled after the vanished figures. They called out names as they disappeared into the trees.
The boy took it and smiled up at Dean. “Thank you. I’m sorry for running into you. Daddy always gets onto me for not looking where I’m going.”
Once they were done with breakfast, Dean took a shower while Sam grabbed their suits from his truck. When Dean walked out of the bathroom, a towel wrapped around his waist, Sam was just finishing buttoning his shirt up. “Looking good, Sammy.”
“The Bull is driving him, just like he drove all the other unicorns. He’s driving him towards the castle, towards Winchester, but why?” Meg shouted.
They rushed to get dressed and ran out to Baby. Dean raced to the institute as fast as he could. He had barely put Baby in park before he was climbing out and rushing to Cas’ side. The itching had become more unbearable and Cas could barely walk. Dean picked him up in his arms and rushed to the dock where Bobby’s boat was located. He got Cas settled on the boat before starting her up and turning her around to head out to deeper waters. Once he was far enough out, he slowed her down until she came to a stop.
