Sherlock shuddered, filled with a rapture he’d never experienced, and was brought to a new high by Danny’s compliments, crude promises, and caresses. It wasn’t long before one long elegant finger was pumping deep into his arse, and he imagined having John like this, spread out beneath him. Closing his eyes, he could help but imagine what it would be like if John trusted him this much. Danny talked him through each step, explaining how Sherlock should bear down, urging Sherlock to remember to stretch his future lover thoroughly rather than risk unpleasant tears or worse. When he tensed, Danny distracted him with facts about the pros and cons of saliva vs artificial lubricant until Sherlock relaxed again. His lover demonstrated how to press and swirl the tips of his fingers, and eventually, how to slip one long digit slowly inside. After several minutes, Danny drizzled on extra lube, and worked a second finger in. It hurt deliciously, and Sherlock couldn’t wait for more.
John decided to wait until nightfall before returning to Baker Street, that way, no one would see him scuttle back to 221 B Baker Street, and shame Sherlock for choosing such a pathetic alpha.
“He eats your left-overs and sleeps in a chair.” Mycroft looked stern, “Sherlock, you must do better by him. He is your
. John was jittery and anxious, and even as Sherlock stood there, it seemed that John was doing everything he could to keep himself from coming over and checking Sherlock from head to toe, just in case he was hurt. “I just walked. I didn’t take anything.”
was now. Something had awakened all the worst parts of his inner self, brought them out and up, had let them take over all the better parts of himself that he’d tried to nurture for his entire life. John had to acknowledge that he had almost cheated on his wife with Sherlock’s sister, he had certainly beaten his best friend so hard that it had taken weeks for the bruises to heal and Sherlock had nearly lost one eye. He would need glasses earlier than he might have because of it. Even when Sherlock first came home, the doctor had been physically abusive. John hated himself and couldn’t stop recalling every single moment when he’d harmed people he claimed to love, shattering his own vows without breaking a sweat.
was indeed gay and that an attractive man was less than two inches away from his body. It wasn’t unpleasant, not in the least.
Everything seemed urgent then. Sherlock stumbled after John, both of them smiling and urging each other to go faster yet stay safely on their feet. Sherlock shut the bedroom door firmly behind him, shedding his pyjamas as quickly as John got rid of his clothes. Sherlock’s appetite was making his hands shake with want. John’s body was so arousing, so stimulating. Sherlock loved the fact that he towered over John, and yet, he wasn’t the physically imposing one in their relationship. Their mouths pressed together, and their hands began to wander hungrily as they took the next inevitable step in their relationship.
“We need to shower,” John felt sticky, “It itches now.” They were covered in dried semen and slick. The air in their room had the distinctive pong of sex, and now that the musk of it was going stale, they were becoming aware of the urgent need to clean up and air the place out.
A far away but familiar voice cut through the discomfort. Wiping the blood-stained saliva from the corner of his mouth, Sherlock managed to look up in time to see John limping toward them from far down the street, his cane held shakily in his hand. Sherlock was stunned. He wasn’t prepared to see John. The doctor looked awful. He was sunken-cheeked and had dark bags under his eyes. His hair was untrimmed and roughly combed back, likely with nothing more than his fingers. Sherlock would have observed more, but the woman, obviously John’s sister, managed to draw back for one more forceful blow, this one landing right on Sherlock’s right eye, a follow-up punch with her other hand landing against his belly a second time. The power behind it was breathtaking, and now he couldn’t stop himself, not that he tried. Sherlock threw up right there in the street, “Harry, what’s gotten into you? What have you done?” John was still shouting. He wasn’t close enough to be heard otherwise.
“No, don’t blame yourself one bit. It was all my fault. I knew damn well you were insecure in our relationship,” John seemed frustrated, and gripped his own hair with both hands for a moment before moving them to cup Sherlock’s face, “This whole project began because I wanted to show you how much I loved you, to give you tangible proof that I’d always be there with you, to tell the entire world how amazing you are, and how incredibly lucky I am to even know you. That I’m privileged to love you, to share your life...”
John’s embarrassment was fading away, especially after Sherlock picked up the container and examined the picture on the front closely. “What is this?” There were balls of colour and tiny text pockets densely strewn everywhere.
Mary was still a bit cool with him the next morning, announcing that she had a day planned with David as she dotted Claire du Lune on her throat, the back of her neck, inside her cleavage, as well as her wrists. John even watched as she put some on the backs of her knees, and on her ankles. John shrugged and responded by saying that he wasn’t certain how long he would be at Baker Street. John noticed that whenever she was upset with him, she always turned to David. It should have made him feel jealous right then because previously, it had, but not today. Today John was going to see the omega that used to be his best friend and try to get some answers about what had happened. If Mary wanted to go run around with her friends, then that was one less thing John had to think about right then and he was glad. There was too much as it was, he already felt torn in two.
“I will drag your lazy arse off this bed and drop you to the floor.” John’s threat only made Sherlock smile dreamily. John took his arm and hauled him to the edge of the mattress. He pulled Sherlock’s legs over and forced the detective to sit up. John leaned over and threw Sherlock’s unresisting arm over one strong shoulder and pulled up, yanking him to his feet, “Enough?”
John almost couldn’t speak for sentiment, but he had thought deeply about what he wanted to say today so he took the deep breath he required and got the words out, “Sherlock, I cannot ever express how much your return has meant to me, I will never deserve you, but I will spend the rest of my days loving you, supporting you, and being a part of your life in whatever way you will allow me. You have my devotion, forever.”
“Two to one. We still win, right John?” Danny ladled out bowls of thick gravy-rich stew and set one in front of each of them, even putting a big scoop of it into a small plastic bowl for Rosie. He handed it to Sherlock who just blew on it to cool it off before setting it in front of her, handing Rosie the cheerful plastic spoon that Danny had also found. John plated the scones and set out the butter. Danny grabbed one, and set another beside Sherlock’s bowl, eyeing him meaningfully. Scowling, Sherlock broke off a tiny piece and ate it. John kept his smile to himself as Sherlock immediately broke off a much large piece and ate that too. It had obviously triggered his transport into demanding more because, without further complaint, Sherlock ate his portions, and with a bit of a blush, went back for seconds.
John felt Sherlock embrace him, the omega sobbing openly over his back. “John, please come back to me?”
. Leave. Let me bleed in peace. I don’t want you here. Go.” John could still smell blood and he grew confused at Sherlock’s demands. How could he leave when Sherlock was so hurt and in need? John felt remorse over his reactions of just yesterday and was paralyzed with indecision. “Why won’t you just leave?”
“Oh, you won’t,” promised Sherlock, “I’m going to be the best shag of your life. No matter who you fuck after this, it’s going to be me you think of when you come. I hope you’ve got what it takes to get me off, soldier.”
the moral model you want to cling to? No, John! You didn’t appreciate his interference, did you, and he won’t appreciate yours. In fact, you can bet that Sherlock would practically handcuff himself to Danny if he thought someone was trying to make them break up, just for stubborn spite. Am I right?” John reluctantly nodded. Sherlock could be the ultimate brat. Perhaps Harry was right, copying his behaviour probably wasn’t the healthy choice. “Good, glad we’re on the same page. Okay then, that means you’re going to have to make like an adult and get on with the bloke. Don’t be the cause of stress between him and Sherlock. Don’t give into your adolescent urge to show up him, embarrass him, threaten him, or intimidate him.”
“Look, John, I’m a modern alpha, I don’t feel threatened by Mary’s independence or appetite.” David tried to sound reasonable, “If it’s about the baby, I’m completely willing to let you raise it. I don’t want pups, but I do want Mary, no matter how.”
Sherlock wasn’t normally polite, normally he’d just tap out an order and expect Mycroft to make it happen. Right now, however, Mycroft was the only person Sherlock knew for a fact he could depend on. Mycroft and he had not always seen eye to eye, but his brother had always done his best to keep Sherlock hale and as happy as could be managed. It hadn’t been smooth, but Sherlock had learned that despite their many clashes, Mycroft was there for him, just as he would always be there for Mycroft. His phone rang, and for a wild moment, Sherlock thought John was ringing him. The caller ID disappointingly displayed Lestrade’s name, “Yes?”
“Doctor Watson? Doctor? Move back. We need to…” Hands pulled John firmly away from Sherlock’s body and began to work. He fell onto his arse and sat there, numbly watching paramedics scrambling to stabilize Sherlock enough to get him into the ambulance. He was bundled in right after and made to sit by Sherlock’s head where the omega could breathe in John’s scent. Protective pheromones filled the cabin as the team worked to save Sherlock’s life while John sat there, too shocked to move.
Sherlock watched silently as John turned and left slowly, his right fist clenched tight but his left sagging by his hip lifelessly. The detective couldn’t help noticing that John wasn’t walking easily. The doctor had entered with even steps but on his egress, he dragged his right foot the tiniest amount.
John smiled up at his best friend, and the desperate hopefulness in the consulting detective’s eyes told him everything he needed to know. “I do. I love you, Sherlock. I want to be with you, always.”
“Yes, John, split me open.” Sherlock would never say such things to anyone but it seemed like exactly the right thing to say to John, who didn’t argue. “Make me come.” It didn’t feel awkward at all saying so, not when he meant it so sincerely.
He lost himself in his research to the degree that one day he needed supplies. He had four different experiments going and he needed Petri dishes, slides, and other consumables. His once ample collection had eroded via attrition, and he didn’t have nearly enough. It was time to go pick up another stash of narcotics anyway, so Sherlock dressed warmly and left 221 B Baker Street for a rare outdoor excursion. He bumped into someone he didn’t expect. Sally Donovan was in the supply store, speaking to the manager about shipping requirements for restricted compounds. Sherlock tried to ignore her, but she walked right over and without any preamble, she said, “He’s a drunken wreck without you, Sherlock. John’s been in the clink a dozen times, no one’s got the heart to press charges. He’s killing himself with the bottle.”
Sherlock felt an almost unwelcome wave of relief when John tersely dressed his subordinate down. It was bad enough that John would be intimate with him, Sherlock didn’t want to expose himself to anyone else unnecessarily. John took up a watchful pose near the door and indicated that it was all right for Sherlock to continue his ablutions uninterrupted. The shower didn’t take long and the second he began towelling his hair dry, John stepped closer. “Lovely.” The captain came over and took a towel up. He dried Sherlock’s back, making Sherlock lift one leg at a time so he could pat the water off, “I am going to enjoy you so much.”
“Interesting side effect; your back no longer has any scars.” Sherlock didn’t know how to process that piece of information. The rough treatment he’d endured in Serbia and other places had left what he’d considered lifetime reminders of mistakes to never make a second time. “Well, all the scarred tissue burned away, and your skin grafts healed literally without a wrinkle. Your back is flawless once again, or it will be. It’s a bit red where the old skin meets the new skin, but even that’s supposed to fade within the week.”
Sherlock took the puzzle back and set it on the table, “How does one begin? Is it random drawings, like a lottery? Is there a system? How do you go about it?”
Hours and days trickled by until it was Christmas morning. In between ardent sessions filled with pleasure, the new couple had eaten takeaway, watched a bit of telly, shared showers, and slept. Now, the men lay tangled together in Sherlock’s bed after an energetic bout of wake-up sex, the faint light of the overcast day illuminating the bedroom with silver. “Are we to open presents?”
faithful even though Sherlock had left him under a cloud of suspicion and anger. There was one point he felt the need to mention, “You were married once already. It didn’t go well.”
John tortured himself with what followed. While Sherlock recovered, John cared for him but without kindness, especially after the truth about Mary had been made painfully clear. John was professional but distant, ensuring that Sherlock received the best of care for his body, but giving nothing at all when it came to the detective’s emotions. He was too twisted up inside about his wife, how she had hidden everything true about herself but still expected John to love her as he had once done. He did love Mary Morstan, but the woman who looked like her was a very pregnant imposter.
. It’s a shawl, sort of a long kind of wide scarf your partner can wear about their shoulders instead of a jacket. If you like, we also have capes, both short and long. Do you want fur trim? Faux? Sequins? Hooded? Tall collar?”
After several hours, Sherlock finally felt tired enough that he thought he might able to rest. He tapped out his current location to Anthea, and a short time later, a discrete black car parked near him, ready to bring him back to his current home. Anthea was there, a stack of files in one arm, and her mobile in her free hand, “Mr Holmes would like you to know that Detective Inspector Lestrade was called in to remove Doctor Watson from the
“John has found someone else, some time ago, apparently,” he replied woodenly. “I’m going to stay with my family until I can deal with this a bit better.”
John wasn’t foolish enough to believe that Sherlock was inexperienced, and he wasn’t wrong, “Never been ravaged, love oral sex, I’m an unrepentant bottom, and when I’ve decided to do so, I like to fuck hard and often.” John’s erection began to make a distinct showing, especially upon hearing Sherlock swear, something he almost never did. “I haven’t been active since I was at school last, but while I was there, I did enjoy a large selection of casual lovers. I’ve tried everything I could think of, so really John, do whatever you like most, I’ll enjoy it.”
She was gorgeous and tight, but sooner than he appreciated, the feeling of being inside her cunt wasn’t doing it for him, “How much for anal?”
Just then, the handsome man from the night before materialised, “Hi there, I’ve been looking for you all over.” John was shocked and horrified when the man leaned in and kissed Sherlock on the mouth. The sudden drop from anticipation to jealous disappointment was sickening, and John couldn’t be there.
Harry looked around, “Where’s Sherlock? I read in the papers that it was his birthday. Are you two out getting smashed? What is going on, John?”
John looked grey and washed out, “Yeah, working cases with each other.” He seemed lost for a moment, “Well, I suppose you have needed a new assistant.”
The fourth kiss was breathless, filled with soft gasps for air as two bodies struggled to rub together. Sherlock managed to get his hand beneath John’s button-down, yanking the tails out from his waistband to plunge his hand in. John didn’t try to stop him, merely reciprocating by grabbing two large handfuls of Sherlock’s ample backside until he remembered the berries once more. Sherlock’s fingers were on a quest, and John almost didn’t have the leg-strength to stretch up to pluck off the fifth berry, especially when one long finger found his hidden entrance and began immediately probing, much to John’s obvious enjoyment.
The captain seemed only mildly curious and there was no reason whatsoever to deny the truth. You didn’t lose your citizenship for a single transgression. Sherlock dimly recalled that the law had taken him far more times than even the most generous judge would be willing to forgive before he’d been stripped of his legal identity. His mind was fuzzy though, and while he knew that he had a lot of information stored in it, Sherlock had no desire to access any of it. He had enough to deal with right now. “Honestly? Neither, everything, anything. I just wanted the world to disappear.”
Everything proceeded as planned. Sherlock grew drowsy soon enough and trundled off to bed. When John heard him finally snoring softly, he crept off to enact his plans. Pressing the laundry hamper into service, John loaded up all the fake presents and brought them down to the storage unit. He'd arranged for a cab to take him to the clinic and back again, even if the driver was grumpy for needing to be out on this of all nights. Once the switch was made, John returned to the basement flat and dug out the new microwave where he’d hidden it beneath empty boxes that normally contained Christmas decorations. He installed it quickly, and after he gave it a quick wipe-down, John attached a small card featuring a picture of John and Sherlock standing side by side at the Yard, wishing her the happiest of days.
Sherlock felt amazing, for once. He felt high, completed, and utterly content. Danny’s narrow hips arced back and forth with determination, shifting Sherlock’s body often as they both began to work toward their orgasms. He teased Sherlock’s prostate, never directly pressing against it, but instead flirted with the entire region until Sherlock grabbed him by the hips and yanked him sharply forward.
He couldn’t tell but it felt incredibly good just to stand under the showerhead and let it all cascade over him. After a minute, he even forgot that he had planned on fucking Sherlock for three days straight.
Sherlock curled up tighter as John’s teasing voice interrupted his internal misery. “What do you want, John?” Sherlock knew he sounded tired and sad but it was too true for him to hide, and why bother anyway?
He didn’t really recall what happened in the days that followed her death at the aquarium though he distinctly recalled what he’d done to Sherlock in the morgue. Shame burned him once again and he almost stopped packing. The reek of
John was a devoted homebody, a caretaker, a nurturer. John needed to be able to have his domesticity right next to his gunfights, so Sherlock had planned accordingly. The case they’d solved this week had been suitably violent, enough to sate John’s warrior nature, so now it was time to let the fluffier side of his character express itself. John was a marvel of evolution. Sherlock knew a great deal about John. He had observed him carefully during their many investigations as well as during their more domestic moments. John was a sublime example of basic human nature, effortlessly following the need to respond to the urge to fight, flee, feed, or fuck.
“What about Sherlock?” Mary sounded sly, “I bet he’d go for it. He’d take anything he can get from you, shameless they are, you know it. He might even like to give David a go, and I know David wouldn’t mind that either. Maybe we could just, you know, be together as a group.”
John didn’t seem to mind at all, just continuing on making toast and tea like it was any other morning, except now they exchanged almost chaste kisses at the corner of each other’s mouths. It was charming and sweet, and Sherlock felt his fears melt away just a little more. By now, his body was nearly completely healed. Only a lingering stiffness in the skin along his back and legs remained as a reminder of what his transport had endured, the serums and strange treatments he’d undergone allowing his transport to accelerate its natural healing timeline. It was very odd. His new skin lacked the ability to grow hair, for now, at least. His specialists said that it would need to mature, perhaps in the upcoming months and possibly years, Sherlock would have something other than the completely flawless and smooth flesh that he newly possessed. It was very sensitive too, the nerve-endings easily stimulated making things like towelling off after a shower a very arousing experience.
“Maybe, John, but if I’ve learned anything in the last five years it's that waiting until later never works out for me.” Sherlock began to pull away, “Unless your answer is no. I understand, John. I’m not female. I’m strange and odd, especially for an omega. You’ve told people for years that we aren’t a couple. Perhaps I’ve made an error, only, I did the calculations, I ran my tests. I have empirical proof that I would satisfy one hundred percent of your omega expectations. I didn’t think to factor in what I see now see as an unwillingness to give up your heterosexual ways, even if I am technically considered a female, being an omega and having a womb.”
Closing his eyes, Sherlock turned his head away, not wanting to confuse memories of what had happened in his mind with the memory he was storing of the man who stood next to him right now, “I just need a moment.”
John would never hurt him, but his illogical fear wasn’t having any of it. His erection began to shrivel away, “It’s not a problem,” he said in a studiously offhand way, “Just a momentary urgency.”
“How did you guess the specific book? The present isn’t even under the tree yet, it’s still in my room.”
“Remain with Sherlock,” Mycroft said instantly, “The authorities will not trouble you.” The room smelled gorgeously of Sherlock as the man sank deeper and deeper into his cycle, his skin pouring off pheromones as he attempted to entice his mate even in his sleep. It was hard to remain focussed and in control but John’s over-riding instinct was to protect Sherlock from any further indignity, to care for him, and to keep him safe. It was only because he recognised that he was becoming compromised that John didn’t spill out a thousand questions he had thought he was fairly certain that Mycroft had all the answers. Those would have to wait. “Sherlock is still legally deceased, Doctor Watson. If you feel uncomfortable offering him medical attention, would you please remain with him until I can secure someone appropriate to see to his needs?”
John gaped at the man kneeling in front of him. Sherlock’s cheeks were pinkening, and John could not mistake the growing tent in the man’s trousers.
There was a cascade of comments, his mobile bleeping every second or so until he finally muted the conversation. Bleakly, Sherlock read through them. Everyone including Lestrade and Harriet was asking who Lisa was, and where Sherlock was, and she was gleefully answering every single question with, “I’m just a very special friend of John’s.”
Sherlock took John’s hand in his, “I am, Mrs Hudson, and if John ever feels ready, I would like him to come home as well.”
“No, I’m telling you outright; buy some anti-fungal spray for your reeky leather shoes, and maybe use your sock index for more than storage.” John grinned to himself as Sherlock stormed angrily away, slamming his bedroom door. He exited less than half a minute later and without looking at John, took himself away for a shower, muttering about bacteria and odour production under his breath.
Sherlock panicked. He tried to jerk away from his owner, but he could barely move. Weakly, he mewled in abject terror, scraping his arms against the sides of the bed to remove the things poking into his arms, to rid himself of the wrappings that covered his whole body.
didn’t go exactly as you envisioned. Remember all those late-night phone calls you used to make to me when you said you’d do
Once they retrieved Rosie, Harry brought them back to John’s house. Once there, she forced him to shower, to brush his teeth, and when he was done, she left him there to change into clean clothes and to drink some water as well as a strong cup of coffee while she took Rosie out for a walk, extending the time John had to make himself presentable. When they eventually returned, Rosie was tired enough to fall right into a heavy nap while Harry sat across the kitchen table from her sodden brother, “Okay Johnny, what in the world happened to get you sozzled in the middle of the day? I haven’t seen you do something like this since…” Harry trailed off, unwilling to mention the bleakest period of John’s life, a time of grief that not even the death of his wife could surpass.
. He wasn’t sure how he felt about that, “The basement flat is mouldy, not fit for habitation, especially by a toddler, you know this.”
“Indeed. Unlike my poor colleague, I have managed to gain enough power and influence that my tastes cannot be used against me. I am far above such worries where so many others are not. He was ill used, and I will very gladly help you strike back against those who saw to his end.” Sherlock had never seen Mycroft so openly vicious, “Surprised, brother mine? Scottie wasn’t a lover, barely a friend, but he was as good and decent a man as he could be. The bigotry that hampered him is steeped in hypocrisy since those that decry our inclinations are the ones who most often indulge in them. I’ve been keeping a weather eye out for many years. Danny, you have provided me with the most perfect of opportunities. I should be thanking you.”
John worked on rediscovering the parts of himself that he’d allowed to atrophy and tried to learn healthier coping mechanisms for his pent-up anxieties and issues. It wasn’t easy, especially since he was so alone, but that was his own fault and no one else’s. John accepted that he was loathsome and unworthy. All he could do was struggle to learn how not to accidentally hurt people around him and how to contain his blacker urges. Now, five years later, John was attempting to get over an unexpected tangle of feelings he couldn’t deal with, his entire new world shaken by his encounter with Sherlock at the conference, and how things had ended this time around.
Days went by in a similar manner. Sherlock grew healthier, at least, he ate and slept regularly. He remained at the flat as much as he could and only left if they needed supplies. John didn’t mind. He was just as happy doing whatever Sherlock wanted to do, or to doing nothing at all. Finally, Sherlock came up with a daily schedule that he pinned on the wall and ordered John to follow it. He made no complaint, didn’t argue, didn’t make requests. He did nothing at all unless Sherlock specifically ordered him to.
Sit down, mind your manners, and thank John for going through all the effort. He didn’t have to, but he did, and it…just shut up, I want to eat.” Danny smiled at John, “If that’s all right, John. It does smell amazing and I fucking swear Sherlock lives on tea fumes and sullenness because he certainly does not live on food. I am famished! We haven’t had anything since the bite you left us last night. Inhospitable, that’s what he is.”
Mycroft wasn’t subtle in his reply, “I am incredibly disappointed in you, Doctor Watson, but never fear. I will see to it that my brother receives the best possible care.”
His hair was currently dyed a burnished copper, a deliberate dig at his older brother who coveted Sherlock’s naturally raven curls. He looked delicious as a ginger, too, another fact that made Mycroft’s lips purse with disapproval.
“You never offered to share even if I was, which I wasn’t,” David sounded irritated, and a bit closer. They were close enough to hear, but not enough to see where John and Sherlock were hiding. “You know that alphas fucking alphas is unnatural. Our cocks could cause serious damage.”
Their kiss was new and old at the same time. Sherlock knew exactly how John’s mouth fit against his, how sweet it was, how sensual it could be, and yet, this was something new, something deeper than what had existed before and he could feel it down to his bones that this was forever. Their hands roamed as they rutted slowly against each other, and peeled away the few items of fabric between them until they were skin-to-skin at last. Sherlock glutted himself on John, tasting him all over, rediscovering everything he hadn’t been able to touch for weeks, “My beautiful soldier.”
. It would take some time to overcome his mental trauma, but if it meant having a proper relationship with John, a relationship he now recalled wanting desperately for years, then Sherlock swore to himself that he would do anything necessary to make it happen. First, he needed to heal. His body ached, and Sherlock found it strange to be grateful that he’d nearly been blown to bits by a bomb rather than hurt by the man beside him. “I’m so tired, John.”
he’d lied to the vendor, saying he’d been sent to fetch everything for his master. It hadn’t been worth the cost he was paying. John didn’t even ask. They returned to Baker Street where John made Sherlock kneel in front of his chair, acting as a table while John had his tea and read for a while. The cup was hot on Sherlock’s back, and once, it tipped over, the tea still hot enough to sting but not burn. It was hours before John’s temper stabilized and he was cruel to Sherlock the entire time.
They dozed for a long time before finally coming round. John had to peel himself off of Sherlock, the dried effluvia between them creating a fantastic natural glue, “Erg.” John sounded disgusted, “We really need to wash.”
The next day, the detective acquired a small wardrobe for his lover, ignoring Danny’s protests. After all, a handful of jeans and some popular culture tee-shirts didn’t even cost as much altogether as a single pair of Sherlock’s bespoke shoes. Danny couldn’t wear his worn-out clothes every single day, though he seemed content to dress mainly in Sherlock’s spare pyjamas. Sherlock found a great deal of satisfaction in tending to Danny’s needs and began to perceive John’s views on the matter, after all, the doctor had patched Sherlock up for years, fed him meals even when Sherlock said no, and generally looked after him. Sherlock even brought Danny to meet Molly.
“Are you a freak in bed, too?” A long groan was clearly audible and abruptly cut off as John stifled his own cry, “Yeah, I bet you are. God, that arse, so fucking gorgeous. I hope you rub it on me tonight.” John panted for a minute before rumbling out another naughty whisper, “What would it be like, if you had me? Sherlock.” John moaned again, “I’d want to, with you. Put your cock in me, I’ll make myself ready for you right now, yes.” John’s panting breaths were broken, “Yeah, fuck my arse, Sherlock. Harder.” Dual wet sounds were audible.
Sherlock felt a great peace settle over him, banishing all his earlier nervousness. There was nothing to be afraid of, nothing to worry about. “I do love you, John Watson.”
,” Danny winked at Sherlock again, his innuendo obvious, and Sherlock felt an unaccustomed heat on his cheek. “We may only need the one.” Sherlock didn’t even try to put Danny off the way he’d done to John all those years ago. Sherlock instead found himself looking Danny up and down once again before realizing what he was doing. Embarrassed, he quickly looked at Danny’s face to see if he’d noticed. Danny was looking right at him, and his smile was inviting
The fresh disbelief on Sherlock’s face dissolved into anger, “I see. Your internalised homophobia is still in charge.”
Sherlock was sitting at the table, his long fingers nervously tugging at the corner of the tablecloth. The concierge left John there and the doctor couldn’t make himself move. He was too busy drinking in the sight of Sherlock sitting there wearing all the things that John had purchased for him, the pashmina, the blouse, the skirt, and
The iron in their tools made him feel twitchy, and that reaction made him frown. John always gave him side-eyes when he came home twitchy, accusing glances that demanded to know if Sherlock had lapsed back into drugs. Sherlock sighed.
John picked up the first glass the barkeep poured for him and tossed it back, setting it down after indicating the need for an instant refill. “Keep it coming.” John didn’t want to think about anything. He wanted to blot it all out. He wished for a mind palace of his own so that he could delete everything that troubled him and then, maybe blow the mind palace to pieces.
Mary sighed, and pulled on a short robe, using a damp towel from a pile on the floor to mop her thighs off, “Look, John, I know you were with Sherlock this week, so why not just go with it. I’ll keep David, you keep Sherlock, and we’ll all be happy, alright?”
“I want to be yours, John, properly.” John looked serious now, gazing at Sherlock’s face, obviously searching for answers regarding his request.
John felt the horrible familiar and well-deserved sense of guilt now sauced with a sickening degree of possessive jealousy as Sherlock spoke, “I’m sorry I did that to you. You did nothing to deserve what I put you through. I have no excuse. There is no way to earn forgiveness.”
John grappled with the bizarre intensity of it all, vertigo making the street go topsy-turvy and gravity to fluctuate
He could go to Sherlock and tell him that he was loved in return. John would make sure that his best friend
“With any luck, they won’t be expecting us to try this and won’t be heavily armed on the other side. I can’t say what the next stage is because I have no idea of the layout of this place. If we can get to some kind of control room, or miraculously, an actual exit, then we’d have a real chance.” John nodded discretely, edging as close to the panel as he could until they were almost pressing their foreheads together, intently exchanging ideas and possible plans until they had the beginnings of something worked out. John wanted to live. He wanted to escape. He needed his freedom so he could exact the vengeance that burned steadily inside him. His daughter was who-knew-where, practically an orphan, and Sherlock was dead. Someone needed to pay for that, and John would make them suffer horribly for every drop of blood that had spilt, and nothing could stop him from trying.
John snorted himself awake, “Wha…Sherlock?” John blinked himself away, a small crooking smile adorning his tired looking face, “Did you just call me
Sherlock nodded and felt shaky. John held his hand and slowly drew him into the hallway, allowing Sherlock to direct him to his temporary bedroom. John cast a quick look around at the mess he found there, and Sherlock was surprised to find that his soldier looked teary and sentimental, “You really know how to leave an impression on a place. I’ve actually missed this.”
Mycroft’s sly tone was another thing Sherlock didn’t currently have the internal resources to deflect so he went with directness.
He deteriorated rapidly after Sherlock ended their nascent relationship. John refused to work on cases, devoting himself to the new clinic he worked at instead. He was rude and abrasive toward Sherlock, baiting his ex-lover with stories of his ongoing dalliances, but it wasn’t until he became flippant and mean with Mrs Hudson that Sherlock finally snapped, “You have reason enough to despise me, John Watson. You found it within yourself to cheat on me, to take me for granted, but Mrs Hudson is blameless. She has done everything she can think of to try and make you feel happy, and you have thrown her gifts back in her face like a cretin. You are not the John Watson I once knew. You are nothing but a brute, an unevolved animal. You live only to spread your toxin to anyone close to you and spare no effort to ensure that any sign of happiness in anyone else is obliterated. I have tried, John, I have tried so hard with you. I can’t try any more. I am done.
Well, quite a few people actually. DI Lestrade exuded a kind of weary fatherliness, providing interesting cases and access to crime scenes. He’d helped Sherlock sort his life out, gave him goals to achieve and boundaries to perform within. In short, the ever miss-named DI acted as a one-man cheer squad and life-coach combined, never running out of patience or forgiveness for Sherlock’s many slips and errors. Greg taught Sherlock how to work with others, not well, but as best as he could manage considering the various barriers between Sherlock and the rest of the world. Lestrade had never made Sherlock feel guilty for being so brilliant, nor awkward for being so strange. Instead, the DI had enabled Sherlock to explore his macabre interests in a beneficial manner. In return, Sherlock worked with Lestrade almost exclusively, attending to crimes with other DI’s
He’d been furious when Sherlock ‘came back to life’, interrupting his attempt at proposing to Mary. She’d worn his ring anyway, despite the fact that instead of asking her to be his wife, John spent the night punching Sherlock right in the subtext. He’d stayed angry for weeks, going through with the wedding, and taking malicious delight in tormenting his newly returned friend. It wasn’t until much later that John felt shame for his horrible behaviour, but it only got worse. Mary’s sly digs and gaslighting kept John off balance. She seemed to genuinely like the scientist, but then, Mary had shot Sherlock. Sherlock died right in front of John three separate times, and it wasn’t until the detective was finally in surgery that another doctor managed to restart his heart and stem the fatal bleed-out.
“Indeed, Holmes, it is indeed.” With a kiss to seal the deal, the pair of them made their way back to 221 B Baker Street the moment their case was solved and began to demonstrate their ardour for one another. Downstairs, Mrs Hudson discreetly turned up her radio to muffle the regular thumping sounds coming from upstairs. Smiling, she began to bake a batch of fruit-filled muffins. Her boys would need energy, and a sweet treat would be a good way to preface a request that they purchase a sturdier and much more silent bed-frame. Humming under her breath, Mrs Hudson turned her radio up even more as the new lovers began to enthusiastically increase their efforts. It was lovely, and she had never been so happy for them.
parasitic presence in the lives of his friends. John realized that he was taking out his anger on those who were blameless, and even when they were culpable, he’d gone far beyond acceptable boundaries just to maintain his wroth. He was abusing everyone he knew, taking advantage of their goodwill repeatedly.
John found it easy and even comforting to simply respond to a clear directive. All the choices were out of his hands and he could simply relax. Nothing could be his fault because he was incapable of instigating independent thought. It’s what was best for Sherlock, and therefore what was best for John. Carefully, John fit his few clothes into Sherlock’s well-packed wardrobe and even managed to gently shift items in Sherlock’s dresser over just enough to make room for his pants and socks. He then stood in the room, waiting for a new order.
“You’re being a drama queen, and you’re over-reacting like you always do,” John said dismissively, “You need a snack and a nap.”
Sherlock looked uncomfortable, shifting the bags in his hands and arms awkwardly. John blinked for a moment before shaking his head, “Sorry, sorry, put them here, um, one second.” John quickly cleared space off his tiny counter, ruthlessly piling dishes into the small sink so that Sherlock could unburden himself. John bit his lip to keep from laughing. Sherlock had gotten everything they might ever possibly need for an extravagant breakfast for four. “Hungry, are you?”
Sherlock swallowed hard but said nothing. He burned inside to verbally castigate the little man by his side, but it was imprudent to antagonise his master before he had a better idea of what he was dealing with. Isolated from others in the pen didn’t prevent him from hearing the horror stories, only a few of which could be dismissed as urban legend. His new master could be any kind of person, it was too early to tell with certainty, and Sherlock didn’t dare risk missing a vital clue. So far, he didn’t seem so bad, but he could be part of a group of people, or better at hiding his true nature in public, or
meant to make it look like I was cheating on you, and if I’d paused for even a minute after you began to doubt me instead of reacting like a prideful cretin, I would have seriously re-thought how to react to your reaction. Instead, I made something bad even worse because I made you feel like someone who wasn’t worth being honest and true to, and that’s the very last feeling I want you to have. I’m yours, Sherlock, only yours. There’s no one in the world like you, you can’t be replaced or forgotten. I love you so bloody much, there isn’t room in my heart for anyone but you. I can’t even imagine laying a finger on anyone in an intimate way, not unless it’s you. You’re my entire world, Sherlock, my whole universe.”
“You already do, love, you make life liveable. I wouldn’t want to live it with anyone else.” John’s arms tightened around Sherlock’s body, holding him closer still, “Rest now, Sherlock. I’ll order in food from that place you like, and we’ll celebrate the holiday our way.”
. Sherlock felt his own cheeks heat up and felt disgusted with himself. He'd never entertained the idea of having sex with anyone, not for lack of desire, but that he could not stop analysing the people he tried to be close to.
Sherlock smiled. His heart felt good, and his body did too, even the mild sting of his behind was merely a reminder of the huge step forward they’d just taken together. “Marry me, John.”
Sherlock pulled out long enough to get John on his back. Pushing in, Sherlock kept John’s legs spread so he could watch himself enter but after a few minutes of delightful friction, he felt the urge to go faster and deeper. John was more flexible than Sherlock would have given him credit for, hooking his legs over Sherlock’s shoulders until he was bent nearly in half and still being fucked hard by his almost-out-of-control detective.
Grief had caused him to cling to the first person who came onto him all those years ago when Sherlock Holmes had appeared to commit suicide in front of John. Sherlock had been his best friend, his flatmate, his partner, and John hadn’t seen it coming. In the months that followed, John was targeted by thousands of strangers online, bombarded with accusations and far too personal queries. By the time his now late wife, the mysterious Mary Morstan, had shown up, John was a wreck and it had been far too easy for her to gather up those ragged shards and put John back together in a semi-functional way.
A long thin finger forced John to raise his gaze to meet Sherlock’s, “Don’t do this, John. This is not what I want from you, not what I want for us.”
. Steeling himself for the inevitable mocking and rejection that was sure to follow, John did the only thing he could think to do at the moment. He closed his eyes, undid his trousers and pushed them down to his thighs. His fingers curled into fists and he turned his face away before he had the courage to open his eyes. His heart was going to be shredded by Sherlock, it couldn’t be prevented now. Since there was no point in putting it off, John opened his eyes and peeked.
John said nothing but did smile broadly one more time and inhaled deeply. With a sharp nod, he took himself away and did as he was told. Sherlock smiled to himself as he listened to John showering and smiled even further when it went on for slightly longer than necessary for a fast washup. His suspicions were confirmed when John returned twenty minutes later wearing his second-nicest trousers, and his least hideous jumper. The soldier had also taken time to shave a second time, removing the afternoon stubble that he normally just ignored. “It’s just chicken.” An entire roast bird filled with a sausage stuffing, and accompanied by heaps of veg of all sorts, and topped with a thick rich gravy. John was nearly drooling by the time his serving was set in front of him.
evidence relating to Baskerville aside from the H.O.U.N.D.S case?” There was a pointed and lengthy silence. Sherlock’s lips pressed together in a thin line before he spoke again, “Mycroft, would you care to explain to Danny and I both why you are concealing relevant information from us?” More silence. “Mycroft, you have exactly fifteen seconds before I end this call, use the CCTV access you gave me to spy on your superiors before
It was difficult living with the soldier but thinking of living without him again, and without drugs, made Sherlock feel that strange blankness inside once more. His veins burned with need, but he was strong enough once more to resist. He had to admit it to himself. He missed John, the old John,
“Thank me by tearing apart the people who killed my Alex. What they did to him…it was horrible, inhumane, just…needlessly cruel. They demanded so much from him and he gave it. They didn’t need to do what they did, I would have done anything to make sure he was safe, even if it meant never looking for him again. Now, he’s gone forever, I’ll never get him back, and they still won’t leave me alone!”
“I’ve already had a firm begin the paperwork, I don’t want to live here anymore. I need a fresh start.”
Dinner was served, an army of waitstaff flowing around the tables in grand synchronicity. John spent a good deal of time chatting with his new acquaintances, and pretended to sip at his soup, and pushed his food around his plate, eating only a few mouthfuls before he had to stop. His stomach was roiling with upset, and he knew he had to calm himself down. He’d taken all his medication earlier, but it was doing nothing for him. Sherlock’s proximity was unnerving him, and all the emotions he’d tried unsuccessfully to deal with through therapy began to swirl and storm around inside him.
He was just finishing when John finally came down. The doctor went through his morning medical routine with Sherlock, scheduling an appointment with another doctor to discuss further treatments and options. Sherlock was over the worst of it but that was the comparatively easy part,
, Sherlock had given everything, and the literal scars of those gifts would remain on his body for the rest of his days.
John wiped his mouth with a second cloth after he mopped his eyes with the first one, but he had to lean against the cold brick wall to catch his breath, and to control the tears that threatened to fall. John’s chest felt tight and there was a burning sensation radiating from it. His left arm felt numb and for a few minutes, John considered that he might be having a heart attack, but the symptoms passed once he began to weep. He was mortified to be out in public where anyone could witness his downfall but it hurt so horribly that he could not stop, not even if every woman he’d ever slept with had been standing there and watching in judgement.
“Fair trade, John. Of course, he wants to make sure we aren’t getting our caffeine from anywhere oppressed. You love those coffees, that’s why he keeps giving them to us. He knows I have no personal charm whatsoever, he’s got to keep bribing you with extravagances to keep you from moving out. It’s a bribe.”
“John.” Sherlock’s voice was filled with hunger, “That’s what I need. That’s what I’ve been dreaming about.”
Sherlock tried to dismiss the amount of discomfort he’d experienced from being called a name that honestly, he’d been called a thousand times before.
Sherlock’s eyes were filled with a new kind of intensity, one made up of feelings that John sincerely hoped he wasn’t misinterpreting. “If that’s the case,” Sherlock whispered softly, “Then perhaps you won’t mind if I…”
“I’d like to say no but our lives are very strange and it could happen.” John laughed softly as Sherlock smiled into his chest, “What do you say we begin a Christmas sex tradition? Marathon sex all Christmas Day?”
John was startled out of a perfectly lovely nap by the loud complaining voice of his flatmate, “John,
Those two words broke the tension that had been building, and at the very idea of John surrendering himself willingly Sherlock felt himself pulsing shamelessly all over his best friend’s arse, holding his cock against John’s hole and spurting thick white blobs of come all around it. Sherlock dropped to his knees, struggling to breathe. With shaking hands he used a kitchen towel to wipe his mess away. Then Sherlock urged John to turn around, and without pausing to think about what he was doing, Sherlock sucked John off.
Sherlock tried to walk away but John wouldn’t let him go, “No. I begged Mrs Hudson to bring you here so you could understand everything. You don’t have all the details. Please, Sherlock, please. Let me explain what is going on!”
“I want more, John, I want it all. I want to be your colleague, your friend, your lover, your mate, and I want your bond. I want the entire world to know that I’ve got an alpha worthy of any ten others, that I’ve managed to find my perfect match. That’s you, John. You are everything I’ve fought so long and so hard to protect, and if you want it too, I would have you right now. I will bare my neck for you, John, and only you.”
The first time he’d touched his anus out of curiosity was revelatory. He’d known theoretically that a great deal of pleasure could be derived from that entire region regardless of gender but he’d never followed through with tests to verify. He corrected that error, working nightly to learn how to tease himself open. Sherlock invested in a variety of personal lubricants, charting his reactions to different thicknesses and bases, bringing himself off at least once a day, not including the times where John showered and Sherlock listened secretly.
Danny spit on John’s shoes and John was stunned enough let him. There was shock, remorse, shame, regret, and hopelessness on the soldier’s face. Sherlock didn’t know what to make of it, Danny’s instantaneous and viperous attack stunned him.
“Your laptop then, an email will do, and my laptop is going through its maintenance cycle.” Sherlock kept watching John, but the doctor’s face remained the same, “John?”
Cautiously, Sherlock extended his own hand and allowed John to hold it, “Thank you for all the gifts.”
John seemed to spend his personal time getting ready for Sherlock’s next round of ailments, and slept upstairs when he slept at all. He wore the same three outfits repeatedly, and Sherlock realized John had nothing else to put on. It disturbed him to realize he hadn’t even noticed until now. He wasn’t even certain how long John had been staying with him.
Suddenly, he couldn’t be back on Baker Street fast enough. Something in his chest tugged at him, filling him with anxiety. He needed to get back to the flat right that instant. The cab ride to Baker Street seemed to take forever. John still had the keys, but he didn’t need them. The door was ajar, so he let himself in, his nerves instantly on edge as something compelled him to bound up the stairs as fast and as silently as he could. John sniffed the air carefully. He quickly recognised the mouth-watering and intoxicating scent of Sherlock-as-an-omega but there was more!
Sherlock’s voice seemed very far away and was a bit more concerned than John could make sense of. The doctor opened his eyes. The world was out of focus, but a good scrub with the heels of his hands cleared most of the sleep away. John now saw that Sherlock was sitting cross-legged on the bed, his brows knitted with worry, “What’s wrong?”
the first night we slept together. You are just the worst in bed. I didn’t even come for the first three months we had sex, that’s how useless you are as a shag.”
“Bloody hell, Sherlock, stop making me wait! I need…fuck, I need you inside me right now.” John’s voice was breathy and urgent, his body rocking backwards to encourage Sherlock to push inside, “Just…please, the head at least, something! I need it.”
John’s mood turned dark and sad. He wouldn’t see Sherlock for a week now, and he’d be all alone here at the flat, except for Rosie and Mrs Hudson. Jealousy ate at John as visions of Sherlock and Danny enjoying romantic forays, wherever they were. He texted back without thinking, “I’d have loaned you my kilt if I’d known.”
you have misgivings. I know you are worried about what might happen. All I am asking is that we try,
, but he did get John to send Donovan tips and hints on occasion, nudging her along as unobtrusively as he could since she was the only one who had come forward and, in any way, tried to help or explain herself. Private cases began to present themselves. After additional weeks of hesitance, Sherlock decided that the
“Oh, John, you’re finally coherent!” Sherlock stepped close and wrapped his arms around John in a relieved hug, “You are so sick right now, John. We’re in here to get your fever down.”
over, I know that, all right? Yes, Sherlock lied to me when he pretended to die, but I’ve done nothing at all to thank him for all of it. He’s amazing and I’m just…just…Harry, I’m such a fucking mess. I make every wrong choice there is.”
Danny wasn’t as excited about it. In his experience, breaking into people’s homes and poking about their private offices wasn’t an especially safe hobby but Sherlock ignored his concern, “I’ll never find John if I rely solely on what information is legitimately available! Whoever has John took him for a reason, and I highly doubt it had nothing to do with me. There is something happening, and they need John to make it happen, and in order to stop it, I need to take John back from them.”
years ago and John wasn’t going to allow some uninvited interloper the chance to defile his omega. Suddenly, he found himself wishing for fangs because he was going to tear this fucker’s throat out.
wasn’t at fault for what had happened and that the puzzles were as intriguing as ever. The only thing holding him back was John. He wasn’t sure he was willing to investigate solo as he once so carelessly had done. Years of experience had taught him that it was preferable to have someone guard your back, and no matter what else happened between them, there was no one he trusted his life with more than John Watson. The decision was made easier one night over dinner when, on his own, John asked Sherlock to take the latest client who had begged them for help. “I can’t skive off from work the way I used to, but I’m still very willing to help, that is, if you’d like my help.”
married, in fact, I can’t even call you my boyfriend, can I? You’ve never allowed it. No one really knows we’re together, do they? With the exception of Mrs Hudson and Mycroft, both of whom only learned of this by accident, does anyone we have in common even know that we’ve been sleeping together for the last ten weeks? Does Lisa?”
in anger, but all I can do now is maybe change the way you feel about it when people say it again. I’ve always been proud to be your friend…to have been your friend, and I recognize that I may never get that privilege again and that it’s my own fault. I just think…well, you should own the label that people keep putting on you. You
“I need to think about that Harry, I mean, not the making Sherlock happy bit, that I want to do, but going home and having to see them together? How can I do that?”
“Sherlock!” John set his husband down, kissing him hard on the mouth before dropping to his knees to kiss his still flat belly, “A baby.”
“Do you promise, Sherlock?” John’s eyes were intense, “You get bored easily. Will you be bored of this too?”
Sherlock felt his hands being drawn together, and to his utter shock, John was kissing his fingertips, and pressing Sherlock’s palms to his faintly stubble covered cheeks, “Why are you doing this to me?” Sherlock’s voice was thick and raspy.
“In the chest, right after we got married. I…left her then. I stayed at Sherlock’s until Christmas. Sherlock arranged for her to come to his parents for the hols and I…I…”
For the first time in his entire life, John allowed his full alpha nature manifest, and now, Sherlock was unable to restrain or subdue John from acting.
“Don’t ruin this, Sherlock. Your arse is heaven. I could die right now, and it wouldn’t even bother me, that’s how good your arse is.” Sherlock laughed silently as Danny lay on him. He could feel his lover’s grin on his back for a long happy minute before Danny slowly pulled himself away, carefully ensure that condom was properly disposed of. “Don’t get me wrong, gorgeous, as much as I’d like to stay right here all night, I think it’s best if we clean up.”
“John, you can return to the kitchen, that is, unless you need to use the loo to relieve yourself. If that is the case, please do so in whatever manner is your normal method, and then meet me at the kitchen table. In your own time, no need to rush.” Sherlock seemed saddened to have to be so clear but John appreciated it. He did need the facilities, almost desperately now that he was allowed to think about it. He went there quickly and spent several minutes doing his business and then cleaning up. John checked the time, it was very early in the morning and that’s when he normally showered so that’s what he did. He shaved, too, and even went back to their now shared bedroom for fresh things to wear. When he found Sherlock in the kitchen, he saw the omega drooped over his microscope, an expression of desolation on his face. “Well done, John. You may sit.”
Sherlock stood there, his face impassive and unreadable, “I expect we have an old fan working the bookings desk. Obviously not enough of one to know how much has changed in the last several years.”
Hours drifted by as John lay in the cold and dark. He became aware that he was growing warmer, that something was pulling him from sleep. With a start, he realised that someone was pressed against his back and in a blind panic, he tried to get away. “John!” It was Sherlock, “I’m sorry, I’m so sorry, my John. I had no right to just walk away. You did nothing wrong and I feel how I’ve hurt you yet again. I’m sorry, I’m sorry!” Long thin arms wrapped around his chest and John felt the ice recede a bit, “I was at Bart’s. Molly shouted at me. She told me I was cruel.”
Sherlock tried to ignore the endless emotional isolation he felt, tried to ignore the increasingly strident demands his transport was making.
John didn’t seem to have a problem with the taste, or indeed, anything that had just transpired. He pulled Sherlock to his feet the second his trousers were back in place and kissed him deeply, almost hungrily searching for any trace of semen on his new lover's face. When the afterglow faded a bit, John was grinning hugely, “You’re amazing. I was not expecting anything of the kind.”
John seemed to be stunned into silence. “Relationship?” John was the one blinking now, “Wait, you love me?”
. John closed his eyes and against his will, he did not stay awake. In his dreams, a single phrase kept on going.
“I’m not…” Sherlock began to protest but the words died in his mouth as John’s worried expression made him think twice, “Fine, I agree that there’s a large chance that it won’t go well at first but John,” Sherlock moved, kissing his beloved friend tenderly, “It’s always been you, John Watson. If there is any person on this earth who can be with me like this, it is you and no one else.”
Sherlock seduced John that very same night, not that he had to try very hard to win the alpha over. They’d been denied for so long that it only took a single passionate kiss before John was being led willingly to the bedroom where Sherlock spent hours indulging his sexual curiosity upon the eager body of his mate. John had no complaints, not when he got to enjoy the sight and sensation of his beautiful lover impaling himself upon John’s massive cock, writhing on it, and coming on it repeatedly. Sherlock rode John with a recklessness that the alpha had never thought to experience, Sherlock’s body accepting him as if they were made to fit one another. When John finally was allowed to come, both men were greatly satisfied with the tremendous mess left behind. Sherlock nearly purred as he rubbed their combined emissions all over himself and John.
Sherlock wandered for a long time again, his brain buzzing with thoughts and feelings he couldn’t sort out. He knew Mycroft had someone watching him via CCTV, and he didn’t bother hiding. At least it was proof he wasn’t trying to purchase narcotics, he was just walking and thinking. Sherlock didn’t know how to feel about John, or how to react to John’s perceptions. Instead of another hit, easily obtainable, Sherlock found a grotty and ill-lit pub that served horrid coffee and nursed a cup of it while he struggled to process the day.
John eventually got work at a different clinic, though his professional reputation had taken a serious hit due to the downward spiral into alcoholism that he’d so recently publicly undertaken. He was back in therapy as well, a mandatory requirement necessary to change the minds of potential employers regarding the doctor’s ability to deal with stress. It took some time before HR was grudgingly willing to admit that John was more than capable as a doctor and well-suited to dealing with the more traumatic cases that came in, leaving the routine check-ups and procedures to less experienced personnel, but he was on notice. His continued employment depended on his reliability, the first bit of trouble, and John would be out once more.
. John brought Rosie to the posh child-care facility where she spent her days. There was a newly single mother there, one who had been flirting heavily with John since they’d met. During the outdoor play part of the morning, John bought the woman a hot coffee from the kiosk nearby, smiling a bit when he got the second for free, his regular server handing over his with a sly grin that John returned. He was flirting too hard to make note of the sour aftertaste of it.
My love. John’s heart felt like it was filled to bursting with this unexpected gift, “I love you too, sweetheart. Merry Christmas, Sherlock.” John knew they’d be okay. There was going to be rough moments for sure, but now at least he knew what Sherlock truly needed to get past them, and John was more than willing to be there for anything else that might be required. This was the happiest day of his life, “Merry Christmas.”
“Help is already nearly there, John, three minutes out,” Mycroft sounded shaken and more than a little helpless, “Do whatever you need to do to keep him alive. We will meet you at the hospital, specialists will be waiting for you.” John wasn’t paying attention. He was too busy trying to stop Sherlock from bleeding out. His hand covered the small hole and he pressed down hard. Sherlock was breathing but it was stuttering and irregular. His eyes were closed, and his skin was already grey with shock. John fought back the hysteria that attempted to overwhelm him.
Sherlock’s body was already reacting to the claiming bite, as was John’s. John turned the shower on so that his omega was drenched in extremely warm water and left Sherlock standing there naked. John ran to the front door and locked it tight. He ran right back up their stairs and locked their flat door as well. John checked all the windows, making sure they were closed and secure. When he was done, he grabbed up all the bottled water he could find as well as all the packets of snacks he normally kept on hand for his bagged lunches. Once his preparations were complete, John raced back to the shower to see how Sherlock was progressing.
“It’s a solar system puzzle. There are factoids built in so that you can learn about what’s around our planet. I thought it would be a bit of a laugh.” John shook his head, “It’s okay, Sherlock, it was a rubbish idea anyway.”
Several professionals and experts examined his back, bum, and legs before he was finally allowed to sit up. It did not feel good, not at all, so Sherlock was allowed to stand. Sherlock appreciated how his best friend always managed remain right within eye-shot no matter how many other doctors were in the room. It comforted him greatly and kept him from becoming too agitated. The crowd of specialists that regularly attended him eventually reached the consensus that Sherlock could be released into John’s care by the end of the next week, providing that there weren’t any complications for finally being ambulatory.
Lestrade had come personally to ask for Sherlock’s assistance. Sherlock eagerly agreed and bustled John right out of the flat. Such was his hurry that the omega didn’t notice that he’d made John wear his scarf while he wore the doctor’s and that a pair of thick warm gloves had somehow inveigled themselves into John’s pocket but before he could say anything, they were in a cab and speeding their way across the city.
Sherlock tried to argue the point but after opening and closing his mouth a few times he had to concede the point. John had shouted “not gay” a thousand times and no one had ever believed him. A reluctant smile grew on the omega’s face as he finally nodded, “True.” He sighed deeply, “Very well, John. We’ll wait the year to have our legal wedding.”
Sherlock got a text from John politely asking if Sherlock could possibly come by at a time that was most convenient for him. Sherlock agreed, but only after telling John that Danny would be coming with him. It took a few minutes before a following text from John acknowledged it. It was late in the afternoon when John greeted Sherlock and Danny, leading them into his oddly barren house. Danny was holding Sherlock’s hand and John was pretending he couldn’t see it. Sherlock found John’s now-obvious jealousy very revealing and recalled the many occasions he’d felt similar emotions when greeted with John’s newest female companion. He wanted to be the better man, but he was just childish enough to feel a faintly malicious delight knowing that John was suffering. “So, John, what’s going on?”
Agog with the politeness he was experiencing, John motioned Sherlock to follow him to his spartan kitchen area. Plugging in a small kettle, John searched for and eventually found a second mug. He had enough inexpensive bagged tea to brew two cups, so he did so, fully aware that he was stalling, and that Sherlock was staring. “Is there something I can help you with, Mr Holmes?”
Mrs Hudson tittered, “Oh, look at that. You’ve made Sherlock blush. I’m going to mark this in my journal, who knows when I’ll see something like this again.” She seemed very pleased and that only made the heat grow worse.
The omega was shaking. His body was preparing for the bonding by shutting down all the processes that were unnecessary for it, soon he wouldn’t be able to speak, nor would he be able to deny anything John asked of him. It made John’s heart swell with pride that Sherlock was allowing himself to be so helpless and vulnerable, just for John. He wouldn’t let his omega down. As soon as he washed Sherlock from head to toe, and himself as well, John led his placid omega out from under the water and dried him off quickly. Sherlock’s skin was beginning to heat up as his temperature rose, and the smell of his slick began to fill the air. John growled hungrily.
The stab wound was shallow and more aggravating than disabling but he knew it was only because he’d been moving away from her now that it hadn’t been worse. Having failed at that, John knew she was just trying to rile him up, so he ignored her as best he could because he recalled the nights where he’d wrung orgasm after orgasm from her, the scent of her satiation rich in his aural memory.
“Upstairs, of course, John, don’t be ridiculous. My old room is right above Mrs Hudson’s and while it would provide her endless thrills, I’d rather not have someone vicariously enjoying our private moments.” He gave John a highly exaggerated naughty wink and John laughed. He loved this new Sherlock even more than he loved the Sherlock he’d left behind. This one was funny, passionate, but still entirely certifiable for choosing a piece of human wreckage like him. “Come along, John, let’s go home.”
“Certainly, sir, I’m positive we can find something appropriate. Do you know their size?” John did all the laundry at 221 B Baker street and had many times examined the tags inside Sherlock’s clothes to determine if they needed to be sent out or if he could just wash them in their communal laundry room. His measurements were on the labels and John had long since memorized them. He told her. She made a quick note before asking him a nearly impossible to answer question, “What shade of red?”
We’re a wreck. Together we don’t even add up to one functional person, we’re a mess! How is that worth it?”
you can do it, but you don’t have to do it alone. I know you’re angry, and you have every right to want me as far from you as humanly possible. I don’t blame you a bit, but I
Omega pheromones rolled off of Sherlock like a heavy wave, crashing into John’s olfactory system, whiting out his higher cognitive functions. He was helpless to resist as Sherlock’s demands effortlessly sliced their way through all of John’s reasons to deny the omega. His cock had never grown so large nor so hard. His knot was already swelling, something that hadn’t happened to John since he’d been a very young man. Sherlock’s pheromones were more powerful than any omega John had ever come across, affecting him to such a substantial degree that he couldn’t think straight, he could only obey. John was utterly under Sherlock’s control. His most primitive instincts began to overtake him once again. Sherlock’s smell was dizzyingly intoxicating. Both men acted out without needing to think about it, and when he next came to himself, John had already mounted Sherlock and was sliding easily into him, the way tight for his fat cock, but so very wet and welcoming.
Sherlock knew he could never say no to Mrs Hudson, not really. She had saved him so many times, more times than anyone but the two of them knew. More than one scar on his body had her stitches in them. More than one over-dose had been prevented from being fatal, because of her. His many brushes with self-induced starvation had been stymied, because of her. His relationship with Mycroft had been repaired, all because of her. “Must I?”
Anderson assisted, for once being silent as well as helpful. He provided evidence bags, logged them, and didn’t ask where John was. Donovan showed up after a few days, now available since the case she’d been working had been successfully concluded. She, too, was silent about John and, once more, Sherlock was grateful. He continued to live at Mycroft’s homes, moving from one to another as the whim took him, and after the first two weeks, had spread his possessions evenly among them. Mycroft never complained and seemed content knowing that his little brother was making a mess safely underfoot instead of self-destructing somewhere in private.
He was wearing a suave new jumper, a gift from the woman by his side, no doubt. Sherlock hated it. John’s hair was longer, too, and swept off to the side. He looked horrifically dashing and handsome, and Sherlock nearly growled his discontent.
This might have worked if John had not been an alpha who required twice as many calories in a day than any omega, even gestating ones. The dense musculature and physiology of an alpha required a high energy output, even when they were relaxing. Simply put, John needed to eat a lot, and frequently. He wasn’t. Sherlock drank a lot of tea so at least, the alpha remained hydrated, but the toll of not enough food was making itself known, and fast. The first day was troublesome, the second day a misery, and half-way through the third day, John passed out. Sherlock was alarmed and brought John in to be checked out at A&E.
Their routine was set. Each day, biological samples were taken, doses were administered, all before they were brought out to fight again. The team referred to him as
, and not a very good one. I’ll never be able to love you like I loved her because I would have to love you less, and by now I know for a fact that it’s impossible.”
, John, don’t tell me you’re dumping me over something so insignificant? People cheat. They work it out. They move on. It’s a minor glitch.”
Sherlock Holmes stood stiffly in front of John Watson for the first time in years. The consulting detective tried to hide the fact that he had been thrown by the accidental meet, but John knew him too well to miss the lightning-quick flicker of shock, hurt, loneliness, want, and then finally, deliberate blankness, “John.”
On the morning of the fifth day, John knew it was over. He woke before Sherlock and inspected the omega from head to toe. All his wounds had sealed over and were mostly healed, even the worst ones on his back. Sherlock no longer bore the rank stench of rotting flesh and infection but instead smelled alluringly of a combination of himself as well as his doctor. He was almost glowing. His scent was almost as dizzying an odour as the smell of Sherlock in full heat, almost as if they were a properly bonded pair, though John knew they would never be no matter how much Sherlock smelled like him right then. It was gloriously harmonious and gave him feelings he knew he should not be catering to.
Sherlock blinked at him for a minute before answering, “I heard you say that you love me. I needed you to know that I feel the same about you. I’ve never had sex before, and you, or at least your body, wanted it with me, even though you were asleep. Circumstances couldn’t be better. We’re in a private room away from anyone who might bother us, we’re both in extremely good health, and frankly, it’s about time we stopped messing about and waiting for some magically better moment to get on with our relationship.”
Sherlock placed the order, rattling off a list of items, then, answering the server’s questions regarding their preferences for each dish. John wasn’t paying attention. “I wasn’t sure you’d like everything.”
At first, John had been filled with a weird jealous anger. It wasn’t until he realized how large the shoes were that John realized that these weren’t shoes meant for a lady, they were meant for Sherlock.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and shrugged off Mrs Hudson’s hand angrily, “Let me go. I have no idea why you thought I’d be interested in this farce of a meeting.”
He’d made Sherlock breakfast the next morning, held his hand when they watched movies, cuddled with him. They continued to do the Work, better than ever, in fact. John had a two-day-a-week job at a new clinic, going in on Mondays and Tuesdays, and spending all his other days with Sherlock.
“We can find our way there, especially if Sherlock can keep using that donut pillow you got him.” John had brought it up from the car and had set it on Sherlock’s chair. Gingerly, the detective sat down, testing out how long his back and bottom could deal with the pressure of his weight on him. At the moment, he felt perfectly fine.
Sherlock didn’t try to defend himself. He took the blows, his head snapping back and hitting the floor, and if anything, the knee-weakening smell of omega grew stronger, and it drove the alpha right around the bend with an overload of feelings. John might have kept beating him if the wait-staff hadn’t managed to knock him to the ground, five of them taking John out to the service entrance and tossing him into an alley.
“I don’t eat on cases! You know this! John, tell Danny!” Sherlock was already seated with Rosie on his knee, cuddling the small girl effortlessly, segueing into a rapturous and heartfelt sounding greeting, “Hello, my beautiful angel, I missed you.”
John shrugged and grinned, “I’ll never claim to be gay, Sherlock, but frankly, the idea of having you take me that way is kind of exciting. I like the idea of having you in me, on top of me, surrounding me. You’re already so much of my life, why not close the circle?”
John had no idea why he’d asked for such a thing, but Sherlock’s disgruntled expression fell right off his face, replaced with his sweetly crooked smile, “I’d really enjoy that.”
“Looks like you hate just everything, Aggie, and everything hates you.” David was cold. He kept stepping back, increasing the distance between him and the fight. “You loath omegas for being fecund, and you hate alphas for wanting to mate and bond, and you even hate other betas because you’re just a fountain of unhappiness, aren’t you, Aggie. So mad all the time, so furious that you don’t get your way every single moment. You want to control the world but you can’t even control yourself.” Mary gaped at her partner in shock when David stepped back, raising his weapon in an unthreatening manner and looking right at John, “You know what? I’m done. Gentlemen, sorry for the bother, but I am not fulfilling this contract. Good luck getting paid, Aggie, remember, the deal was for
John lay there with a silly smile on his face as Sherlock began to snore. This had been the best date he’d ever been on. He’d never had his body accepted the way Sherlock had done and for the first time in his life, John was absolutely certain that he’d made the right choice.
her and was likely enjoying a glass of the expensive whiskey that John had noticed in the cupboard but had not purchased. Suddenly, he was angry again.
“Marry me?” Sherlock was stupefied. He was so unsettled by the dramatic change in their situation that his brain was behaving in a sub-optimal way. It kept focusing on the set of John’s lips, the way the second to the top button of John’s coat was only half-done, to how the odour in the air was reminiscent of expensive scotch and rare cigars.
“I know, Danny,” Sherlock witnessed his brother being comforting, and it gave him insight on the many times that Mycroft had been there for him, exerting his wide-spread powers to keep Sherlock from suffering, protecting him even when Sherlock didn’t want him to. “We will root them all out. I have a plan.”
“Doctor Watson,” Mycroft was literally growling. John felt instantly chastened, and if he’d had a tail, it would have been firmly tucked between his legs. “Why are you here?”
Sherlock was pleasantly stunned, his mind struggling to take in John’s words, to comprehend the situation that was unfolding, “You’re saying that you want to stay at Baker Street?” He sat there, frozen, his face an expressionless mask.
Once he was perfectly comfortable and awaiting the incoming cup of tea that John was brewing, Sherlock began to research gay sex. He looked at diagrams and made mental notes. He read product reviews on lubricants and searched forums about how to prepare his partner to have a very stiff cock stuffed up his bum. It was very educational and much of it was already familiar to Sherlock, thanks to the nightmare. He promised himself to make this the most amazing sexual experience of John’s life, and that it would have nothing in common with their first time together inside Sherlock’s head.
“Where is John? I don’t give a fuck about your assurances and promises to others. All I want is John, and if I find that you knew how to get him back for me yet failed to do so, then I will do everything I can think of to make you
David turned, and he had a knife out, “Payday for us, Aggie. Who d’ya want to do first?” He was grinning and ignoring Sherlock entirely, his smirk aimed directly at John.
“Mr Holmes is a man of highly discerning taste,” her tone was sharp and very nearly reproachful, “If there were a comment to be made in this regard, it should be restricted to that.”
John woke someplace cold and nearly black from lack of light. He was completely naked as well as shaved from head to toe. It wasn’t exactly cold, but it wasn’t warm either, especially without a stitch on. Swallowing down nerves and a flutter of fear, John felt the surfaces around him. The first felt rough, cool. Cement. There wasn’t a lot of space, it didn’t take long to feel four walls around him. Two of them were smooth, almost warm, and were translucent, at least, he seemed to be able to see beyond them, but only a few inches and he could not locate a door. John took several deep breaths and tried not to panic.
“An experimental serum to help accelerate the healing. Do you remember the explosion at Baker Street?” Sherlock had a vague recollection of light and heat but that was it. “You and John were blown out of your rooms by a detonation meant to kill you,
John managed to get them to Sherlock’s bedroom where all his hastily gathered supplies were waiting for him. Sherlock was moaning softly and trying to fall to his knees but John wouldn’t let him until he was safely on the bed. Sherlock quickly assumed the pose best suited for bonding and breeding, braced on his hands and knees, his arse thrust back so that John could see how flushed and swollen his entrance was, and how heavily the slick poured from his body.
John was becoming enraged. He looked around wildly for a minute before he spotted a fine clothing store. Without even thinking about what he was doing, he marched right in and demanded service. “What can we help you find today, sir?”
“It’s okay, it’s all okay,” reassured John, “It’s enough for me to know you’ve woken up. For what it’s worth, I’m really sorry that I frightened you when you first opened your eyes. You don’t need to explain anything, not until you think you really want to, I’m just…I’m just very happy right now. I’ve missed you, you bugger, stop doing that, okay?”
to close the contract or accept the penalty. You remember what that is? Yeah, he finds every soft spot we have and pushes so hard we cease to exist. Why you didn’t just let me shoot that little fucker in the head before this, I’ll never understand. We need the cash to get off this forsaken rock and onto the continent, enough money to disappear someplace comfortable and stay missing. If his brother finds us…”
John threw up a second time, his stomach already empty, heaving and retching helplessly from an overload of emotion.
John spent most of the rest of the day sitting in his chair and holding the paperback he’d been reading when he had still lived with Mary. He wasn’t actually reading it, but Sherlock had handed it to him and then had lain down on the sofa to think. He didn’t move for hours so neither did John. When the omega finally roused himself, he looked upset still, especially when he openly deduced that John had not moved a jot the entire time. Sherlock silently got up, set John the task of preparing a hot meal, and then went to shower and dress.
don’t have a problem.” He nudged Sherlock, “Don’t be thick, just say yes. He’s your best friend, you can’t have him living in the streets with a wee babbie, don’t be cruel for pride’s sake.”
With great reluctance, John had agreed. It worked out beautifully, even though it made him feel adrift as well as sad sometimes. He was able to see his child as often as he wanted or leave for days, or even weeks, if it was necessary. It often was. His PTSD was worse than ever. He was back to seeing Ella Thompson on a regular basis for therapy. His job at the clinic had ended but an on-call position at Bart’s had opened up. His life was unstable but in time it would get better but it wasn’t fair to put any of that darkness on his daughter, not when there was a better alternative. With Clara and Harry, she was healthy, happy, full of smiles, and so incredibly loved that John was able to let her go with only a minimum of misgivings.
“Did you?” John seemed to own a dozen hands. Sherlock felt his touches everywhere. “I don’t want to be an experiment to you. I want this to be something that’s special to you.”
Sherlock’s eyes were still bright from the laughter they’d shared over their food, and he nodded without hesitation, “That would be perfect. I probably shouldn’t have had afters. I’m going to need to upgrade my wardrobe again, and I’ve already done that once this year.” Sherlock looked a bit uncomfortable and John recollected the many times Sherlock had mocked his brother for putting on a bit of weight. Neither man was anywhere near fat, but both of them seemed incredibly conscious of their exterior appearance.
He didn’t know what else he could say. Anything he could think of just seemed lacking. John might have been a blogger who’d attracted some attention at one time but when it came to the spoken word, he’d often had to rely on speaking his mind in other ways. Moving slowly but purposefully, John moved until he was right in front of Sherlock, sinking to his knees, head down and to the side, baring his neck and submitting to the man he could never stop loving. Sherlock was shocked, “What are you doing?”
John nodded. After he retrieved the presents from where he had them hidden, John was going to secretly trade out her old microwave for a brand new one that he’d gotten for her. “New appliance. You know that old microwave of hers hasn’t been working properly.”
John felt his stomach twist once again, his gaze falling to his shoes. He’d spent that last half-decade hating himself because of what had caused their rift. It was all his fault, and because of his own actions, Sherlock had eventually ended all contact with the ex-soldier, “I’m sorry, Sherlock.”
“Thanks for letting me take them off of you.” They giggled weakly before drifting off, too tired and boneless to bother trying to clean up or even cover up. Those were concerns for a later time. Both men fell asleep side-by-side, covered in come, and happier for it. As far as either was concerned, this was already the best holiday they’d ever had.
Sherlock was bored, and his bum hurt. He did as he was permitted, exploring the vast house alone, scrupulously inspecting every inch of it while remaining carefully distant from any area that looked like it might house a tenant. It was well-appointed, tasteful, and oddly sturdy. All the windows sported gorgeous treatments but only to hide the fact that there was no view. The few windows facing the street belong inside the rooms he wasn’t allowed in. All he could see when he opened the curtains was a brick wall.
Every trace of exhaustion was long gone now. John stood up, “Perhaps not, but I am one of the luckiest men in the world right now, and I think I can muster up a little effort if you think you can handle it.” John grin was filled with salacious promise.
John had grown bolder since Sherlock had first awakened. Hand-holding was a frequent occurrence, even in company. Sherlock found he needed that anchor, he needed to be connected to the constant warmth and security of his friend. John often stroked his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, soothing the tension away wherever he could safely touch. To keep strangers from crowding the healing and alert detective, John changed Sherlock’s dressings himself, removing bandages with such care that the detective never experienced one unnecessary twinge of pain.
John had just finished explaining the feeding tube, and that intubation had been required more than once when Sherlock interrupted him, “I lived a different life while I was gone, it was horrible, John.” Sherlock moved his fingers, just a bit, and John did exactly as hoped; John held Sherlock’s hand tenderly with both of his and ceased talking. “I was a slave, your slave. You used me for…for sex.” Sherlock found that lowered his head and closed his eyes, blocking all sight of John. He couldn’t stop from hearing the soft but sharp inhalation of air from John, “There are many details, John, but what you need to know the most is that while I was trapped in this situation inside my head, I had no idea of who you were. In the dream, we were strangers. The world we were in allowed for you to have me and hurt me and take me and u…u…use me.” Sherlock found it hard to breathe, “You raped me, in my dream, so many times, John. It hurt. It was degrading. Humiliating. It was cold and awful, and I felt terrible things while it was happening. You punished me, in the end, a strap.” He paused to collect himself, “Everything that happened to me out here was re-translated by my brain and filtered into that dark place.”
John felt idiotic and wished he’d taken a picture instead of attempting to describe the shoes from memory but apparently his fashion savvy helper had all the clues she needed. “Ah yes,
Sherlock’s brain stopped producing words and went right into action-only mode. He watched himself hold his erection straight, pressing the head of his painfully hard shaft against the slick wet tightness of John’s hole. Both men groaned softly as Sherlock’s glans pushed John’s hole open wide. Sherlock nearly growled with pleasure as the tight wet ring of flesh began to swallow him, the wrinkled edges of John’s anus stretching into a gorgeous pink ring around his cock. “John,” he sighed, “Yes.”
“Just like that.” John kissed Sherlock, “Why mess about? We’ve felt so much for so long, and hid it from one another. Why waste time waiting, and for what? I want everyone in the world to know that I’m yours.”
“Yes. We ended very unfortunately but that ending wasn’t a complete one...I have found that I have...” Sherlock seemed to get lost for a moment. Swallowing nervously once again, he looked over to John, his emotions bared and exposed on his face, “John, I have missed you endlessly these last few years. Nothing I have done, overcome, or achieved has made any sort of difference to how I feel about you. I am hoping, praying, even, though I’m not a godly sort of person, but that’s a completely different...what I mean to say...
Mycroft’s mouth crooked into a momentary smile, “Bargaining. That’s a good step, John. Agreed. Go on, we’ll see you here in four hours.”
. He’s currently in the visitor’s room, angry, and demanding to speak to you.” Mycroft sounded cold. He was deeply annoyed, and Sherlock felt a fresh wave of gratitude bloom inside him.
rather delightful, so I understand her appreciation of them, but poor form getting pregnant, Mary. You’re a nurse, you have access to birth control, do you not, or did you think John wouldn’t notice that the woman he hadn’t bred was pregnant? Also, where do you find the time to service so many alphas at once? Group sex? Lines? Oh, I know, you have one of those ticker-tape number thingies…I bet you have to replace
A fortnight later, it escalated. They’d solved three cases in that time, moving seamlessly from one engagement to another, always working around John’s commitments with care. It made the work go slower but it was a low enough price to pay for having John back again. They came back late one night, silent but triumphant. John went straight into the shower, and soon enough, Sherlock was right outside, ear pressed to the wood, his hand already moving. He kept pace with John and was surprised to find that he was panting softly as John came. He ghosted himself to his bedroom, stifling his noises into a pillow as he fucked his fist roughly, and came in his own hand while he thought of John wet and naked. Initially, Sherlock was shocked at the intensity of pleasure he’d experienced, then he was upset that he’d given into his primal urges. When it kept happening, Sherlock grew resigned to his body’s betrayal and began to just enjoy the orgasms without judging himself.
John looked at the scar on his friend’s neck. Sherlock’s bonding gland had been ruthlessly savaged, of course, there would be no second bond for the omega. For some reason, that thought made something howl with grief inside of the soldier. John realized after that he hadn’t even thought of Mary before he made his rapid decision, “Of course.” Now that he had agreed to share Sherlock’s heat with him, he guiltily recalled that he had a fiancée at home. “Er, I have to call…”
Sherlock must have won the game. He deserved this then, and that was good because it felt so nice. “You’re so tight, Sherlock, my cock is barely going to fit. I’m going to split you in two. I’m going to fuck you so deep, and so hard. I’m going to come in you, Sherlock. Has anyone done that? I want to see my come leak out of this tight little arsehole. It’s beautiful. I can’t wait to put my prick in there. I can’t wait to make you come on it. I’m going to fuck you so good, Sherlock.”
John was falling over himself to get to his sister. Harry looked a great deal like John, her features an impish and delicate replica of John. Her hair was a brighter shade than her brother’s, but their eyes were the same dark blue. People had often thought them twins, though they were not. Harry wrinkled her nose at the smell of him, her years of careful sobriety still shaky and subject to temptation if she wasn’t careful, “I ruined everything.”
John checked the bathroom and fridge, and even the small pantry that he’d installed while Sherlock had publicly been dead. By the time he was done, his shopping list was lengthy. There was a mound of laundry spilling over the top of the hamper, and when John peeked into Sherlock’s bedroom, he could see additional mountains of linen and discarded suits piled into a corner. He sighed, conflicted. It was their private space, but he knew Sherlock well enough to know that he’d rather go purchase a new wardrobe before he’d willingly do the laundry or even drop off the dry-cleaning. Danny’s things were in there too, so using a pair of nitrile gloves because Sherlock often had untoward things in his pockets, the doctor rounded up all the items he could see. After that, John went through the flat once more, gathering up the unpleasantly stiff and rank linen, and other bits that were in small drifts in the corners. It took a while to haul it all downstairs where the machine was, and longer to sort out which load to put in first, it all seemed to need cleaning urgently.
Dutifully, John dug out Sherlock’s sleepwear and obligingly changed into his own, fetching his clothes from upstairs. Sherlock frowned at that. John had essentially moved into Sherlock’s room, and had kept his belongings mixed in with his lover’s. Sherlock pulled open the wardrobe and then the dresser drawers. Both were empty. “Tomorrow we will put everything back where it belongs.”
Sherlock’s grin was toothy in a way John had never witnessed before. He felt a frisson of lust rush through his nether regions when he recognised the predatory leer being directed right at him, “You know I’m a scientist, John, any claims you make will have to be consistently repeated before I can verify them as fact.”
“Whatever it takes, John.” Sherlock nearly dragged him downstairs where he then forced John to sit on the floor in front of their small tree, “You first,” he demanded, “The device.”
The warped and nonsensical tradition of enticing a romantic kiss from someone by standing beneath it,
John answered him by flipping onto his belly, reaching over and anxiously rummaging through Sherlock’s bedside drawers, “Lube? No? My room, second drawer. Go.”
given her son was what had driven him to the streets to begin with. Her misplaced anger and twisted guilt had enabled her to poison total strangers without remorse. John was with Greg when they arrested her right in front of her church, her purse filled with her organization’s pamphlets as well as over a dozen small baggies filled with a poisonous powder she had cooked up herself in her kitchen.
When John walked into his house he wished he hadn’t left Baker Street. He missed the alluring smell of Sherlock so much that it felt like a physical loss. It made him feel that the incredible omega was truly his, even though it was a lie. Pushing open the door to his house, John stopped moving the moment the door closed behind him. He smelled
.” Mycroft spat the last word out as if speaking the vilest insult he could imagine. “Thank you, my dear. Yes. Me too. Yes, tonight.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, “Everything is poisonous if you know what you’re doing, but to more specifically answer your concern, no, nothing will cause you harm.”
John mused other aspects of his time with Mary. She had her own existence apart from him, her own set of friends, hobbies, and so forth. Sometimes she brought him out with her, or invited one or two special ones over, but mostly not.  He liked that, he liked that he didn’t need to be her entire world. The intimacy they shared was enough, even if it wasn’t what he’d once dreamed of, that wasn’t her fault. Their sex life was moderately satisfying, but, he couldn’t penetrate Mary. She told him dozens of times that it wasn’t what she wanted anyway, that she was more than satisfied otherwise. Their difficulties weren’t her fault at all, it was all him. John’s cock was on the large size, even for alphas. There
“You’re just a boy.” Doc seemed perturbed now, but Sherlock didn’t give him a chance. He just took the soldier’s hand and dragged him to the bar. “Hold on, lad.”
“Get up, get up. Back to back, man. You were out long enough for your bones to heal so fucking get up! Help me, and we both might survive.”
“Yes.” Sherlock had given him permission to answer her questions and John preferred to do so with words and not his eyelids. “Sherlock told me to leave but I refused. I want to be here. I don’t need to be anywhere Sherlock isn’t.”
John looked angry and then upset but Lisa just laughed as if Sherlock had said the funniest thing she’d ever heard, “Oh, you! You’re everything I expected, and more.”
One of Sherlock’s more abundant qualities, apart from his brilliance, beauty, and child-like curiosity, was his greed. Sherlock was a greedy
Weeks had passed, and Sherlock was anxious again. He didn't need to be, why, cases practically solved themselves these days, and at the speed of light too as Sherlock spat out his deductions rapidly, barely slowing enough for anyone to follow.
John gasped when Sherlock’s hand reached between his thighs, his long musician’s fingers attempting to span the circumference of it and failing. It made the omega groan hungrily, and wriggle downward to mouth at the huge head. John gasped again at the sensation of Sherlock’s hungry eager mouth doing it’s best to get any part of John inside. No one tried, not ever. He was too big, and his previous lovers had all used their hands and never their mouths.  “It’s glorious, John, so big, so fucking huge.” Sherlock’s voice sounded shaky as if he could barely contain himself. “I’ll never have enough of this. This is mine, only for me. Only I will ever know what it is like to have you inside. Only I can handle the magnificent John Watson. You are mine and you are incredible.”
“Your resources could fill an Olympic sized swimming pool and mine might fill up half of a cooking pot,” retorted John.
“Yes, well, good luck with your lecture. Good day.” Sherlock turned on his heel and strode away rapidly. John stood there and watched mutely as his once-best-friend disappeared around the corner. Dejected, all ebullience and anticipation he’d felt only ten minutes ago gone, John checked himself into his room. There was a group dinner at seven, so he unpacked, showered, and changed into an evening suit. As he stepped into the hallway, he nearly returned to his room because Sherlock was exiting the door right across the hall from him. “Ah...John,” he looked uncomfortably surprised and shuffled his feet nervously.
hurt, and he wondered if the awful feeling would ever subside. It didn’t seem to be diminishing at all. He loved John Watson and he always would, he knew it. Leaving John had been the right choice, he knew that too, but the separation was destroying him piece at a time. Sherlock felt torn in two. He couldn’t go back to John, no matter how desperately he wanted to. There was no easy fix, no fix at all, nothing. It was just...over.
She looked sympathetic, “Oh, I’m sorry, dear, they were cut off you in emergency. I can arrange for you to...”
“I feel the same, in fact,” John seemed to be considering some things, “Let’s make a day of it. I can’t possibly go again for a few hours at least, so why don’t we have breakfast, get on with our routine, and then, after lunch, maybe we can go to the bedroom and I’ll let you do whatever you want to me.” Sherlock had a difficult time grasping the concept for a moment and began to speak but John cut him off, “I know that you want to prove something to yourself, to overcome the trauma of your dreams but listen for a moment, Sherlock. Your body is healed but it is still in a very fragile state. I don’t think you’re ready to receive me quite yet.” Sherlock scowled and John grinned, “That’s not no forever, love, what I’m
Sherlock’s little test had triggered John’s basic instincts. The soldier sat and paid attention to all the many things that were in sharp focus around him. He could smell the shelf dust that Sherlock seemed to cherish, and the wood soap that Mrs Hudson used on the old furniture. Without needing to turn his head, John knew exactly where Sherlock was within their rooms, taking in the location of that mouth-watering source of the smell that said home and mine in the most possessive way possible. “You have to work early in the morning, John, you ought to get some sleep.”
“Sherlock.” The soldier didn’t wait. He rapidly made his way to Sherlock as if it were unthinkable to be away from him, no matter the circumstance. “I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. I wanted to surprise you. I worked so hard to keep this a surprise and it wasn’t until after everything went to shit that I looked back and saw what an absolute tit I was to do things the way I did them. I’d never have believed me either if it had been the other way around. What you went through because of how...I’m
Twenty minutes later, Sherlock emerged from the shower. He was slightly pink from head to obviously buffed toes, clearly scrubbed as hard as he could manage and now clad in his pyjamas and robe. “Tea?” John asked, folding his paper away.
John didn’t remember screaming in horror as he watched the bullet tear a hole in Sherlock’s chest, nor did he recall putting a bullet into Mary’s forehead, followed by two in her chest, nor how David had taken a horrified look at his late lover before bolting away. John snatched up Sherlock’s mobile and called Mycroft, “He’s been shot. Mary shot him in the chest!”
John felt like he’d detached from the man he used to be. He hadn’t felt like himself in years. Even before Sherlock fell from the roof of St Bart’s, John had noticed that he was changing. His temper was hotter. His impulses were harder to resist. He craved the violence of a good fight in a way he never had when he was enlisted.  All of those changes were boiling up. It was rare that John’s sister was ever called to retrieve him but today was that day. John’s temper and misery had already caused numerous altercations with the otherwise soft-drinking lunch crowd in the establishment. He wasn’t normally an aggressive drunk but today he was looking to shed a little blood, even if it was his own. Eventually, the bartender demanded that John leave, and that’s when Harry had been contacted. “Oh Johnny, what happened? Where’s Rosie, love?”
“I’m not insinuating. I’m declaring it outright. You are abusing John’s state of mind. You’ve already pushed him to the limit once, do you want that to happen again? If you care and respect your mate, you would see that, but no, you prefer behaving like a selfish child.” Sherlock huffed out an offended snort, “He barely sleeps, he hardly eats, he’s been wearing the same blood-stained clothing for twelve days, he has a fully developed beard, and he smells so awful that everyone who passes by thinks he crawled out of a landfill.”
John gaped at her from the floor where he was currently recovering from his latest fall of the bench, “Oh, my god. His birthday. I completely forgot. I didn’t notice.” John got to his knees and heaved himself back onto his stool, guzzling back the tall glass of amber liquor that was still there. Harry tried to pull it away, but he managed to swallow nearly all of it, “I’m a fucking arse. A tremendous prick. A fucking useless shithead with no heart and no fucking sense. His birthday, oh god.” John wanted to cry and came dangerously close to blubbering into his empty glass.
. It could hardly compare. John had other regrets now as well. The apology part had come off far more stilted than he’d planned, certain confessions went unsaid due to the audience, and John fretted that Sherlock wouldn’t understand John’s penitence for what it was. The detective’s reactions had left John feeling jittery and strung-tight. He needed to get control over himself, fast.
Sherlock gave a great wrenching cry. He sounded like he was enduring great pain except for the semen that pulsed from the head of his cock. Sherlock was just stroking the end of his shaft now, milking out the last of his own come, but his hole was still clenching and squeezing long after he was done. “Yes, oh yes, yes, yesyesyesyesyes.” John felt his orgasm surge out of him and for a moment, he regretted the need for a condom because having his come inside of his lover would have been brilliant.
when it came to Rosie, but he apparently had taken Sherlock’s ongoing penitence as read each time he left his daughter in the detective’s care.
John knew he was a terrible father and an awful person. He recalled clearly when he’d written that hate-filled note telling his best friend that John would trust anyone but him. He hadn’t taken those words back, lamely attempting to apologise by allowing Sherlock to take care of his daughter but even that had been done in the worst possible way.
Now Sherlock was the one in distress and John laughed. This was a problem he could handle. John took another deep breath, then pulled out Sherlock’s state-of-the-art laptop and compelled the man to make a list of things his mother liked or enjoyed, then pared it down to items they might be able to procure on short notice. John then did a search of the immediate area to locate shops that might feasibly sell those items and organised a shopping trip.
Sherlock couldn’t stop picking at it and came no closer to being able to make sense of the ongoing sensation of having his heart figuratively break. There had been a trust between them, one of the foundations of their relationship, one where John
John locked the door to his personal rooms behind them before he answered, “I don’t want a partnership, I want to have someone completely. I want to control their life, utterly. I want everything they need to come from my hands. I want their sole concern to be my pleasure and happiness. If I want to handle you with tenderness, I will. If I want to work my anger and frustration off on you, I will, and I won't need to apologise because you're not my boyfriend
“I did to same to you, John, and so much worse,” Sherlock pointed out gently. “I made you grieve for me for two entire years. I didn’t know how I felt about you, but I missed you terribly every moment. When I got back...well...Mary...there was never a time for us, and after a while, I just assumed there never would be.”
Mycroft and Gregory tirelessly kept him going. When he finally solved the case (cloned key stolen from the singular possessor of it, love triangle gone bad), they procured a deformed body for him to slice and mount in panes of plexiglass as part of a touring anatomical display for students. It was soothing to simply follow procedures, to examine each detail with strict professionalism, and to not doubt what he was seeing or doing. After that, Molly secured Sherlock lab time at one of the universities so that he could obtain some advanced instruction on rare toxins. They allowed him to retain small samples for his personal collection. He made careful notes regarding the facts and organised them along with everything else on his website,
. Instead, he distracted himself with work, copying his research onto his portable hard-drive. He then paused, then copied all of John’s stories as well before he gave the laptop back, “Everything is taken care of,” was all he said. John’s face was a mess of emotions. He looked grateful, humiliated, and downcast, all at the same time. “I’ve spent years assembling that data, it’s worth everything.” Sherlock saw his assurance only made John feel worse, but he didn’t know what else to say. All he could do was hope John didn’t feel compelled to sell it again.
, in remembrance of the afternoon John had used all his remaining surgical skill to resuscitate one of Sherlock’s favourite novelty socks. They’d been a gag gift from Lestrade, just silly socks that glowed in the dark but were worn at the heel. John had sat at the kitchen table sewing tiny perfect stitches in matching threads until it was whole again. Sherlock also hung onto memorabilia like a raven, hiding glittery little proofs of his life amongst the detritus of their front room.
Her arse was so gorgeous. John was almost salivating by the time they were naked enough to get down to business. Rolling on a condom, he stroked on some lubricant and positioned himself. Without waiting, he thrust hard, burying himself deep within her wet hot folds. “Fuck, yes.” John closed his eyes and began to pump his hips. This was worth every pound he’d promised her. John was so bloody horny. He couldn’t think straight any longer. All he did day in and day out was dream about fucking someone who didn’t want it, and it was killing him.
“Pfft, John! I didn’t guess. You know I’m only interested in life-works, and you know perfectly well that when we retire I will want to keep bees. Crane collated so much data, I’ve wanted my own copy for ages, I have the title on several wishlists hoping for the price to go down.”
to be his bride, or at least, had been about to ask her. Now that he thought about it, John realized that he’d never gotten around to verbalizing anything to her
“I know it. I just needed to show you that I love you just as much.”  They stood and kissed and Sherlock stopped worrying about being alone, or what came next, or how their lives would change. All those answers would come. Right now there was this moment to enjoy, and the next moment to look forward to, and an entire lifetime of moments to be experienced. This, this was the very best gift of all.
