“You’ve changed.” Tony shrugs. “I felt nervous-- so uh. You have lots of friends now and. Lot’s of girls trailing after you?”
“What does this person like, I need data.” Tony folds his arms, cocks his head to the side playfully.
“You know its just a bet, right Steve?”
“Well, this person likes--” Steve ducked his head down to hide his intensifying blush “--science. A lot. Builds lots of amazing equipment and. Is good with technology.”
Breath in, breath out.
He could try carbon. The metal is light-
Great so, there his luck went-- Tony was just dreaming of mustering enough feelings to go over and actually say hi to Steve this year and. Well. That wouldn’t work out well now.
Why the hell would Steve even be interested in being his-- fuck. He felt shattered. He felt like a huge idiot. Its just-- utter betrayal and. Wow.
Who the hell is this person?
Fuck--
And that shocked him even more because--- Steve knows him?
It hurts because it actually made sense. Why Steve stuck around with him at school, and-- it had been a joke. A fucking joke all along and his friends were laughing at how goddamn smitten Tony was and--
“They’re one of a kind, Tony. I just can’t stop like that.” Steve smiles up at him from his seat, and Tony found it a little hard to breath.
“I never thought-- I would absolutely like to be friends with you, Tony.” Tony searched his face for any-- if it was a joke or something but Steve just continued to look at him earnestly and Tony struggles a little in his act in pretending Steve’s attention on him didn’t affect him at all.
“I wanted to say hi, to you. I saw you at the bleachers a few days school started.” And that made everything even more weird because why would Steve-- maybe it was the heart of gold thing but.
“Yeah so. Was it? Did you hear our conversation or something--”
Hello, again school. Tony thought bitterly.
So yeah, Tony Stark--  harbored an embarrassing crush on some dude who sat with him at the library once. Whatever.
It was getting depressing, his crush on Steve.
Tony shakes his head. “Yikes, that seems a little hard to deal with. I suggest you should move on and be a free spirit, Steve Rogers.”
“Yes, right after that, I got into a fight with him and uh--” he raised his palms, knuckles covered in bandage and Tony could make out a little nick on the edge of Steve’s lips.
Tony sighs.
He can still hear Rhodey teasing him.
Tony startles when he hears a loud clang of metal outside the lab. Or maybe-- Tony’s secret lab which he hacked into (was too easy). He knew there were cameras so he hacked into those too (easy). Fury would never know. There were paper, all over the lab desks when he hears the code into the lab being punched in carefully. Tony panics. He scrambles to the desk-- trying to grasp his layouts but it was too late before the door whipped open.
He shoved Steve back angrily. He tipped to the back a little. Not really moving.
Steve looked a little more agitated. “This person is extremely dense, too.”
Degrading. Ugh. Why is he like this. He feels lame all over and that feeling was really getting old.
He grabs all his folders, some of them falling down and fuck-- that was embarrassing. He’s getting jittery, but Steve strides over to his space, squatting down in front of him and helping him collect his layouts. What does he do now? Where were Pepper and Rhodey when he needed them?
”I uh- I remember sitting next to you. We-- we spoke? I mean,” He sighed. “It’s nothing, never mind.”
“How did you get in here?” Steve questions and really, he wants to leave, but he forces himself to meet Steve’s blue eyes.
Tony packs his belongings frustratingly before taking the stairs that lead to the hall, because he knows where Steve usually passes by frequently. His sneakers squeaked as he stopped in his tracks.
“You’re not even close to a nobody. You’re so amazing-- You remember the-- short, dark haired person I mentioned?” Steve looked at him carefully, studying his features. Tony crumbles a little, but he nods.
Steve’s lips curled up into a little smile. “But?”
“Just because you’re a fucking perfect piece of human being doesn’t mean-- doesn’t mean you could play with-- with the feelings of a fucking nobody!” He was crying but he didn’t care. Steve took all the insults that Tony hurled at him.
So when he’s studying at the bleachers, Steve would sidle up next to him for a few minutes, talking to Tony before running back to the field.
Carefully, he sets the boxes in a corner before raising both palms in the air. “Just a favour for Mr. Coulson. He, uh. He told me to get this in the lab.” His voice was the same, deep and smooth just like it was last year.
The eyes got him. He’d recognize those pair of eyes everywhere no matter what.
It was funny how they got along pretty damn easily. Tony felt more comfortable being around Steve, and same goes for Steve. He listened to Tony’s rambling about his tech, gave his opinions and the worst part was Steve complimenting him. Tony hated blushing. And yet he was doing just that.
“That’s.. pretty cool.” Steve mused.
“Hmmm, that’s not really my area of expertise, but.” Tony grins, “For you, my friend. I will put this genius of a brain and think of something.” That emitted a laugh from Steve, but the phantom pain in his stomach didn’t dissipate.
He reached out to hold his arm, but Tony moved further away.
“I am in love with you, Tony. You dense blockhead.”
Tony huffs. “I bet my techs are better.” he mutters bitterly but Steve caught his words. He heard him sigh, looking resigned.
He panics even more when he locks eyes with a very Surprised Steve Rogers. He had a handful of boxes in one arm, still shocked to seeing Tony.
He couldn’t stop staring, though. So maybe he used to observe Steve Rogers in the library but it changed to sitting at the bleachers. Where did his asthma go? Again, Tony didn’t stalk, he observes.
“Only slightly.” He said with a cheeky grin.
"Oh." Tony swallowed thickly. "It's at your thighs?"
“You’re going to feel me in you for days. If I see your serum healing you I will happily bruise you again and again,” he started to thrust against the man, “and again.”
“Then we won’t talk about that part any more. As you said, he’s dead and you’re here with me,” he finished and sighed longingly. Another thing his old man lost that Tony gained. “You can keep asking about them, especially her. I don’t get to remember her enough.”
Tony started to scissor his fingers, spreading wide and shoved them in and out full spread. “Fitting in you will be a delicious challenge.”
Well, that certainly wouldn’t work on an every day scale. At least Tony seemed to know that. But, well, Steve was a soldier and being told what to do, no matter how stubborn he was, came with the territory. Having Tony with an authoritative tone tell Steve everything…he shuddered as a rush of excitement went over him.
“I’ll think about letting him involved in the codes.” He finally said. “The idea of him fighting is not something I am ready to negotiate.”
Tony barked out cold laughter, "Yeah it is, Cap. Out of everyone here, you are the one who refuses to grow with us. You continue to try and be this unmovable and unbreakable pillar. I know more about Clint, hell, more about Barnes than I do you. Because you refuse to show me, or anyone else, any of it."
Chapter Warnings: mentions of (future) male-pregnancy, (future) forced cross-dressing, dubious moments, and a mean Tony Stark.
“Don’t take me for a weakling.” Nebula hissed, though it did not sound heated. She was starting to understand Avengers language well enough. She still seemed a bit askew when it concerned the concept of family but she was working hard to connect to everyone around her, in her own way.
His boss did not respond. Sam wanted to run for the hills but kept his knees straight in prevention. The silence was overwhelming and he knew the bearded man to the right of him would not break. So Sam did it with his humor and prayed it was enough to keep him alive.
“Yeah, that’s so hot.” Tony gave him a flirty look. “Bet you could also break my bones once I get you to ride me.”
“The one for what?” Tony spat.
“Huh.”
“I want to go fucking feral on you.” Tony groaned as his hips jerked slightly.
"So it's self torture."
“Nof.” Clint gagged.
“Fuck you,” he had whispered, his nose bloody and his body covered in grime and oil and soot.
smart.”
Her grin was feline like. “Thank you.”
“My, my Stark!” A deep, booming voice cheered. “This is your new lover? Superb!”
That’s right. He needed to get up. He couldn’t fail now.
“Babe, we’re finally going to give you time to get looked over and healed mentally. We’re going to talk, you and me, about things. You’re going to see a professional. You’re going to get to be treated fairly and act like a kid, for once.”
He flicked the blade in the air and caught it on the edge of his finger again, “Hate the word minions. I keep thinking of those yellow freaks that sang about bananas. Yeah, even after three hundred years those things are still engrained in my memory.” He shuddered, “What other words are there for these fools? Insects almost sound good enough.”
“Ugh…”
“Well, has everyone calmed down?” He said, sounding much like his old self. He plopped himself comfortably in one of the chair, placing his feet on the table, bringing out his knife once more to play with. “Oh, what scary faces…why so solemn in my grand return? Surely you all had been looking for me?”
He hated those eyes.
All his. Could be all his. Could make everything better.
Something exploded out of him, the ship shuddering and briefly going dark, before the air was silent save for some crackling in the air.
A soft tune from a violin played from a pristine gramophone in the corner; the sound loud and crisp, as if the instrument and player were in the room with the both of them. On a table laid fallen cigarettes, one still smoldering in an ashtray, with a forgotten pipe turned on its side, tobacco spilling out.  The scent of fire and metal were clearer now with a rich aroma of spices layered underneath.
“You kissed me.”
“Hmph.” Tony was dressed differently today. The past few days he’d been in sleeveless shirts to show off his muscles or shirts with what were apparently bands imprinted on them and jeans. Now he was dressed in a fine three piece-suit, a red tie, and shoes that were so shiny Steve wondered if he ever wore them before.
“No.” He answered before he gave it much thought. Something deep in his stomach knew something was off but could not imagine Tony hurting him. Tony was blinding and far too intense but he did not come across as someone cruel.
Steve kept his face neutral and did not respond. He knew a trap-question when he was presented with one.
“Did they?”
Steve was unable to stop his grin as Bruce yelped, his cheeks flushed. “You don’t…you’re not…stop acting like you have to! You don’t have to do anything!”
Sam teased, “Besides the two of you constantly throwing heart-eyes at each other? It’s hard to miss that. When I'm around you two I have to resist the ultimate temptation of singing the K-I-S-S-I-N-G-song. It's been in my head since I met you both.”
“Meh. You’re a big boy. You can handle the bite. Two,” she held up two fingers, “we always find a way to out weird ourselves. Don’t think this is it, this is insanity, because something will happen to make you eat those words. We were all surprised for about five minutes when Tony said he had you; the supposed dead original super-hero, alive, pristine at the age of twenty-six, after being frozen in ice for seventy-years thanks to a blue glowing rock that Nazis wanted. We blinked and it passed cause something else is going to come along.”
“And your soul is strong.” Thanos said.
“You and our babies,” his hand went to Steve’s stomach again, “will be taken care of. I’m the ruler of this place now…ah, yes,” he laughed again and kissed Steve’s abs. “Father gave me a gift…these stones,” he held up his hand and snapped and like some sort of demonic halo the stones appeared around Tony’s right wrist. They circled around, the colors glowing brightly, eager to be used.
"All of them?"
Without the use of lube, even with his own saliva, Steve felt ripped apart as Tony sunk in. Unlike the fingers that burned this genuinely hurt and for one brief moment of panic thought he was about to start bleeding.
“Well,” he rubbed his face as he looked down at his darling with some guilt. “That was a whoops on my part.”
“Is that,” Steve panted, stroking Tony’s head, “how mornings will work now?”
“You’re just unsure?”
"Third one?" Steve pressed, picking himself away from his thoughts, surprised it sounded like they were ending so soon. They always did at least three dates per session. He thought Josh would want to do another as it was another step to being done.
“As you already know, you’ve been hired by myself but I still want you to properly meet my Steve before we proceed with anything else.”
“I might need to see you in a gown…something meant for a queen.”
“I’m going to make sure you bleed and bruise and cry.” Tony pressed himself close up to the man, their cocks rubbing smoothly against each other, and he gripped those delicious hips harder to keep his Captain standing. “You deserve gentleness, baby…you’re not fucking getting it tonight.”
“You see, you observe, and you
She puffed her cheeks out in frustration. With her chubby, flushed cheeks and her big eyes all watery as she whimpered out “D-Daddy,” she looked too adorable for words and Tony gave a pitiful look to his husband.
"Yeah, well, no worry and all of that." Tony waved him off, guilt boiling, and something else...something more delicate, and quickly looked away. He should apologize for how he treated Steve when they first met...how all his jealousy and own loneliness and painful want made him lash out. He rejected Steve's polite reach for friendship and familiarity and Tony had left him alone. "We were both not in a good place. Now we are!"
“No,” Steve comforted with honesty. “I was just curious about you and those in your life.”
“Tony.” Pepper warned as she came up from behind. She was about to head out to catch up on her sleep and paperwork but had enough time to stop him from doing something cool and stupid.
“He needs something else of me on him. You got any ideas there,
“Why do I want to take him out for ice-cream and ask if he wants to play catch?” Clint grumbled.
“I…” Steve shook his head, it was pounding and he was so confused. And flustered. And maybe just a little bit turned on. Which felt very inappropriate for the moment. “What are you doing?”
Steve opened but quickly closed his mouth. He felt queasy as the man did his best to ignore the blond.
Sam did not seem to mind Steve’s poor choice in words but he still gave the lad a stare. “If you know what’s good for you, you will. That place is dangerous business.”
.’ Steve corrected to himself and wondered why that name was so dangerous as well.
“Firstly, I was not born out of wedlock,
“Shh,” Tony moved closer and stroked Steve’s brow. “You will never have to see it again if you don’t want to.” Tony promised.
“Character.” She would have said. “This place has character. It’s been lived in and then forgotten. It has a story. It just needs a little love and that voice will come right back out.” She probably would’ve tickled him and urge him to go dance in the woods so a Banshee could steal him off. His mother always loved filling his head with stories and giving him spooks so they would have to keep their voices down as they shared a giggle.
“That’s no black eye! That is a mess of green and agony!” Clint gaped, still trying to catch his breath and his throat to work properly again. “What the hell?! What the fucking hell?!”
“More mercenaries?” Tony rubbed his head. Their usual lack of paper trail could make them more of an annoyance to shift through but the world seriously needed a wake-up call in its nativity if it thought that was the best route to hide from him. He always found his enemies. Always.
“You will be fine.” Steve had said, so softly, in his memories that blended in with his realistic daydreams. Steve had hugged him, allowing him to sob over his loss, whispering gentle promises of happiness.
No one had ever touched him there in such a way before. Just open sweetness, no judgment, and not trying to get any pleasurable or financial favors out of it (as some lovers in the past had done). Just Steve, his darling Steve, being giving and worried and caring.
“Yes! More than ok. I just…had sort of given up on the idea. Didn’t think it would really work out for me and how I am.” He smiled. “I thought I was just going to be a soldier, you know?”
“Could very well be a coincidence on the timing of Mr. Rogers.” Jarvis warned.
"Like I give a shit what people think. You're not even here so I am already insane looking as it is. Why not throw a daddy-kink in for the hell of it?"
Something queasy formed in his stomach. His skin felt cold and itchy. He did not want more tests done to him. He did not want…what? He wasn't sure. Steve was confused and alone and he found he really did not like either fact.
Impressive power coming from her….yes, she could very well give him a fight of some worth. Her and Thor together might just even defeat him.
“You’re…not Howard.” Steve tilted his head and he looked him over some more. Eventually the body and eyes of the man became too much so Steve looked around as his lips pulled down. His body jerk and shook. His ears were still ringing from the impact and god, did it make his skin stiff. It was growing progressively more difficult to not scratch as his skin till it bled. There was still that horrendous taste of salt. “What happened? I thought…there was no way to get me.”
“Why not try?” She probed.
“It was supposed to be my daughter. I had seen her on the throne, ruling over the new universe I built, and ensuring its safety and progress. She rejected it and…” he trailed off a moment and an expression of sadness crossed his face. “Her sacrifice was necessary for the greater good.”
“Not when the shoulders shook as if laughing and it rose its hand to wave him off.” Wanda shifted in her seat and she, too, started to look uncomfortable.
Steve felt his body begin to simultaneously tighten and go limp. He was about there…they both were.
“T-This is real. I’m out of the water.” Steve was surprised to find his teeth chattering.
“Good. I’m not about to let you ever think anything different. Understand?”
“I,” he shrugged, “I dunno. Would I even get an answer?”
Enough was answered though. Now he just needed to wait for Tony.
"Would you say please, at least?"
“Ooh, ohh, what if it’s your quote, ‘I am Iron Man’ but we make it possessive so it goes ‘I am Iron Man’s’. That could be good.” Josh continued, apparently very inspired.
“God, why do I have to sleep with you?” She sighed heavily.
“I don’t like bullies.” Steve admitted. “I only know stories of your folk…but I know my own can be cruel and piss-poor company.”
Although his fingers felt stiff and frozen, Steve assisted the driver to push their belongings in any open crevice and upon the top. The wagon gave a little groan but it steadied itself and did not shudder or break.
“Ugh,” he groaned, his voice soft and he rolled back to stare up at the ceiling. His mind wasn’t quite awake but he started at his toes, focusing feeling to them and trailed up his legs, thighs, hips, chest, arms…ok, yeah, there he was.
“You’ve saved everyone--”
Steve still could only just stare at the handsome man. It was the most Tony had said to him in weeks.
He had not intended to. Hell, he’d seen a whole lot of naked men in his life, with doctor-visits, his mother’s job at the hospital, and being in the army. He just had not expected a stranger who was showing him a strange new world to just promptly take off his shirt. It was a meep of surprise, of course, but he had to clear his throat in embarrassment at the sound.
“Everyone still behaving?” He held out his hand and his knife, sharp and free of blood, was provided back by a groveling moron.
‘Does Tony’s heart feel like this?’ Steve wondered absentmindedly as he felt the muscles in his arms finally start to burn. He remembered the arc glowing from tanned skin. How, when removed, it would leave a perfect gaping hole into himself. That it was impossible to forget, that emptiness was so heavy, and it was so tender it could break at any second and bring the whole body down with it.
“I want to be able to pin you down. I want to use my suit one day so I actually have the power to hold you down and you have to accept it, not just that you’re giving up the power to me.”
“I…I don’t understand. You…you should hate me.”
“I wouldn’t want to be drunk right now.” It was a startling truth. There was not one ounce of him that was desperate for a drink. He wanted to experience this moment with a clear head so he could keep the memories for the rest of his life.
It was down at the end of the hall, the door was already open for him, and the light was on and casted a glow into the hall. Tony was not a religious man but he had seen enough in his life to believe in some signs and symbolism (hell, he was ‘business partners’ with god-like-aliens) and he knew he was about to walk into his heaven. All of a sudden his legs felt heavy and he needed to slow down.
“It’ll be a memory.” Howard said. “What do you want the future to know after all this shit is done? What do you want us to sit down, all cozy, and watch to feel good about what happened?”
“I guess so.” Steve wanted to touch it. It was so unusual and powerful looking. The glow was a soft blue and the edges so smooth with some beautiful, simple detail. “I find it a bit sad you need it but…but wow. You have things like this now? Ways to keep people alive?”
“Tony,” he repeated with a broken moan. He wasn’t sure he was saying the proper thing for the moment but it felt so
“And she’s going to continue it since you always cave in.” Steve grinned and nuzzled himself against Tony’s neck. “You spoil her, Tony.”
“Good…right…yeah, very good.” His fingers started to tighten on Steve’s arms. “We’ll…we’ll need to get a safe word--”
“Yep,” she nodded in approval. “New best friend indeed.”
“Same. I’m sure you’re going to be perfect for the job.” He gave another look to Tony, unsure why he was trying to make the moment hard on the man. It was like he wanted to chase Sam off and Steve really wanted to meet some more people.
“Can we go now?” Steve's tone was pleading and it took all of Tony's strength to not cave in.
"I had a mission." She puffed out her chest.
Steve just gave an innocent shrug and waved him away as the doors closed, leaving him alone within the penthouse for the first time. It felt strange and empty without Tony.
“Other’s weren’t here either.” Steve noted, softly.
“Do not get any dressing on the equipment.” Tony warned and used his foot to push Clint on the wheeled chair away from the computers and camera. He rolled his eyes as the man just waved like a beauty queen on a float on his trip to the wall.
These slip-ups were happening more often and it made him sick.
“Oh.”
“Shh,” Tony pressed himself closer, grabbing the fallen hands. “It’s ok.”
He noticed his arm had some wires on and in it and they connected to a scary looking machine and IV. The screen of the machine beeped in tandem with his heart and there were unusual words on the left side, glowing blue, that crawled up the screen as if the thing was taking notes.
The basement part of the library was a bit bigger than Steve anticipated. Although he figured a good chunk of the items concerned records and other town-focused historical books, Steve preferred fiction or the history of Europe, China, or India. But beggars could not be choosers and he was certainly a beggar.
"Really don't care if you do." Josh hummed to himself as he pulled out his stencil to apply to Steve's skin. Apparently he was ready to put this on no matter what Steve thought. Truthfully, Steve was surprised Josh didn't just try to tie him to the chair and put this on him the instant he walked into the shop--this had been a massive, personal, and prideful project.
“For sure. Later, you lucky bastard.” And he signed off; probably to go spread the rumor about Captain America. Of all the people to know first it was the spy with the big mouth. How he became a spy was still a mystery to Tony.
“And you ask for something in return…”
“Not your fault or you personally. It has so much to do with the Tesseract. You keeping it, hiding it away…it was without a doubt the best choice on the matter until other…details came in to take care of it. You genuinely saved millions of lives keeping that thing out of the wrong hands.”
“My turn,” Tony purred, his fingers trailing up Steve’s thigh.
“It seems I am very good at looking dumb.” Steve threw him a playful grin.
“Tony.” Steve laughed.
Tony had briefly found himself distracted by Steve’s hair and wet eyes, his heart broke at the sight, and it took him a moment to answer. The gold locks were just so soft and such a rich, pretty color. And those pretty eyes should never look so sad...he needed to do something to make his Steve happy. He could buy something for him. Maybe the Empire State building?
Tony smirked, “More or less.”
“Now, we all know I need to suffer through meetings and stay in the public eye for a while. I can’t make many obvious moves so I’ll leave all of this to you. It may be a while for all of us to meet up physically. But we all know what we’re doing," he clapped his hands again and grinned. "Now let’s take care of the details so we can enjoy our victory Stark Style.”
Steve looked and smelled
She grinned, her teeth sharp, “Ok, I can see you’re still fidgeting. Let’s get see if there is anyway we can get your jitters out. How is your equilibrium?”
Grunting, he flopped back into the soft mattress. It still made no sense how a bed that was at least thirty years old, if more, was still so untouched and clean. If he was not careful, he could sleep the day away in it and that would be trouble.
“You’re getting me so close…” Steve begged.
Steve already wanted to meet this Clint individual.
“Oh captain, my captain.” A voice purred, a mouth against his lips. “There you are.”
shut, cutting the two of them off from the rest of the tower and the others.
Then a smoky laugh and from the other end of the room, following the same invisible tightrope as himself, a body melted out from the shadows.
Tony scowled. “She’s a little traitor. There is a massive toy-line of Avenger product and she wants Powerpuff Girls?”
Natasha wasted no time and jumped at him, using her smaller body to aim at his face. Steve dodged, stepping back to avoid each swipe of her hands, and reached up to block the attacks. He found blocking with his body and not his shield difficult. He usually just allowed the hits to reach him so he could get the opponent closer and take them down. Not as many could punch hard enough to take him down.
“For the little of this and little of that you do for Tony.”
“I do loathe repeating myself. Get out. I’ll take care of him now.”
He knew the blond will be grateful, he would make a fabulous parent for their children, but, again, telling him after a fever that severe with a shock to see Tony was alive and well…yeah, not his best move.
“I…no…I…that….”
“You’re stretched enough,” Tony said, pulling the fingers out. “Let me put a baby in you.”
“Language, cap.” Tony laughed. Of course, Steve could melt away all his anger.
“That’s horrible. Why would he do that if he wanted the house of the man he loved so bad?”
She was feared for a reason.
“These here,” she pointed and stopped, surprising Steve in his pursuit to keep up, “are records of the town. Some history and journals…now,” her fingers skirted across one shelf then another before she went, “ah-ha,” and pulled out a book. “Here we go.” Flipping through the pages the found what she was looking for and brought out a thick manila envelope and handed it over.
The man bit his lip but maneuvered around to get comfortable and do as told. It was hard to process what was happening as he just woke up from such a sated, deep sleep, but he found he had no complaints as he began to grow hard with Tony’s look and orders.
“No, Tony.” Steve grumbled, his face red. “I’m talking about all of this here, together, in one place. How the hell does it keep happening to the same people? How is this statistically possible? There are a few billion people in the world and apparently all the world’s weirdness happens to circulate around the same six, now apparently seven, people.”
“What is this?”
“We’ll visit her this weekend if you want.” He kissed the corner of Steve’s mouth then checked his watch and groaned out a curse. “I’d much rather continue this and I’m sorry I need to break away in the middle of something so important and emotional, but I have to leave.”
“Do you believe in it?” He pried.
“I do.” The answer was immediate. “He is feeling claustrophobic and I don’t think his nightmares will begin to lessen until he has a chance to fight his demons fairly. Going outside may be a key component in his healing process. And also progress your relationship with him.”
“Espionage.”
Natasha smacked him upside the head, allowing Steve freedom and Tony able to get in between the two. “Mine, Barton!”
“Everyone is kind though and seem eager to meet you all.” Steve tried.
“You’re supposed to be on my side!” Tony whined, rounding on Steve in the utmost betrayal.
The unnamed man approached him and sat on his bedside and gently took his hand. Normally, Steve was not one for touching, especially with strangers, but he found he really appreciated the handholding. It was difficult to breathe and every time he blinked he felt a sick terror enter his belly that he’d reopen them to find the frigid water roaring up to his face, ready to swallow him whole and consume his lungs.
"You little punk...you got one?" Bucky grabbed the wrist, only after Nat was done because she was terrifying, to look it over. He tilted a brow at the Captain. "You're sentimental."
Steve nodded slowly and sighed when Tony’s hand found its way around his waist again. Part of Steve really wanted to pull away but there was still something he really liked about being touched. It felt nice to know there was someone there and he was not lost in his head again. He also felt unsure about shrinking away from Tony. It felt rude after all he had done and, Steve couldn’t quite put his finger on what or why, dangerous.
That pretty sound was enough to get Tony done with the swift prep. He needed inside Steve and he was going to get what he wanted, when he wanted.
“Noted.” He looked thoughtful, “Maybe see if you can get someone part of the Avengers to adopt one. That’ll look really good for the PR.”
Thor quickly picked up the animal before he made the jump, “Rocket is right Stark; the rabies comment was uncalled for.”
"Soon, my love. Soon." He promised, his voice a soothing purr.
Steve grinned, “It’s fun.”
The man hummed in thought. “How about some coffee?”
It could take Steve two hours, if that, to get to town and back for any chores he was sent for. That, at least, was a blessing.
Steve was too gone caring about how the Fae reacted so he rolled his eyes again.“Arrogant too.” He tilted a brow. “So, despite all your compliments and sweet words, you really thought I was like the others?”
Perhaps if he played his cards right, he could find a connection in town and earn a job. He could eventually leave the Pierce household and maybe start pocketing money for an actual future for himself.
Steve had to smile a little, it felt shy on his face, “No, no time traveling.”
Steve laughed and held out his hand again, “Happy for the job.”
“I know that. I know.” Tony snapped. “But we’ve learned that coincidences are far too dangerous to ever overlook.”
Not Steve.
“Thought of you…every second. Of you, of our babies, the cabin…” Tony growled, “And now I have you. You’re here and mine and god, you’re perfect.”
“Good point.” Tony raised his drink as an agreement. “To the madmen.”
“Well?” He grinned and looked around. “Where’s my present?”
“Golden bride, are you alright? You should not have been out of bed!”
I hope I won't be long for the next update--be it this story or another!! Thanks to everyone sticking around!
Tony’s face broke out in a hungry grin. “Did you actually squeak?”
“Relax, dollface.” He whispered against Steve’s ear and continued to rub Steve’s erection painfully, “I can see you’re already close. Did getting your pretty mouth ruined by me get you like this? Taking care of me? Giving me this pleasure?” His teeth grazed over Steve’s neck. “You’re such a sweetheart. Such a giver. You get off by making others feel good, don’t you?”
Tony woke deep inside hot warmth of Steve. The younger man was limp in his hold, sleeping soundly in Tony’s arms. His soft skin glowed and his face was so tender and warm. For a brief moment, Tony had to bury his face into Steve’s golden hair and let out a shaky breath. He felt emotionally weak and heavy with victory and adoration.
He had prepared for a lot of reactions once he found Tony. Almost all of them dealt with fury and rejection. This…well, not even in his wildest fantasies did he allow an image to take that low of a voice.
Tony's skin prickled and instantly his shields were up in spades, ready to bounce off all of these words. He should say something nice back. He should apologize right back; say that Steve was not a lab rat. That he was something special. He was good.
“What’s some blood between friends? I remember you telling me stories of your own brother taking some hits at you. Ah, yes, yes, rest his soul and all that.” Tony waved off Thor’s broken expression.
Josh, still a bit surprised to find a massive chunk of the world-famous Avengers in his studio, pursed his lips, “You gonna be able to make it to all his appointments?”
“And I’m sorry I didn’t do it to you, ever.”
Tony smiled, his heart melting, “Would it be easier for you if I was sitting and you’re on your knees?”
Stop.
“Oh, is that what you are? I hadn’t the faintest clue.”
“I like your attention and you fulfilling your filthy promises in exploring your kinks with me. Tony, you have got to move or I will go insane.”
He knew, of course, Steve played a big part in his own health. The damned stubborn brat tended to let things get out of control when it concerned himself…another thing he’d need to be punished for. No one, not even Steve himself, can get away with harming Tony’s bride.
“Not exactly. He did when they first got him due to a shock to his system but it broke within a few hours and now it looks like it’s just his normal temperature." She typed something and nodded in confirmation. "Steve seems to be naturally several degrees warmer than natural.”
“Well, well.” He took it eagerly after shedding himself of his jacket. Back in his room he didn't care about the idea of not drinking any more. Even sex sounded less appealing in comparison to flopping in his sheets and sleeping till the next afternoon. “Didn’t you tell me to go up the stairs to get the blood pumping and not be as drunk?”
"You'll learn." Tony promised. "You're a good boy. A smart boy."
“He stole him from me.” Tony growled. “No…he…” He shook his head. That wasn’t what happened, right? Steve left him. Steve chose Bucky. Steve was a liar.
A ding resonated in his head. They had passed level three. He checked his watch. Only eight seconds had passed since he last looked at its face. He could have sworn it had been thirty minutes.
“Not bad at all.” Steve laughed.
The two grinned at each other, excited about the assignment.
“Good. This isn’t a bad thing. You’re just excited, nervous, and happy. This would be overwhelming for anyone, meeting their lost hero, and you don’t handle emotions well at all.” She gave him a playful smirk. “No booze around to distract you.”
“That doesn’t count, Tony.” Natasha called from her sentry point by the back door.
“Yes sir. The kitchen will be right after the bedrooms. Unless you want it first?” He asked, afraid to jump to any conclusions on their mindset. They could change their mind swifter than southern weather.
?!” He was still laughing. “Babe, my eyes were constantly on your ass. I commented about you and Pilates. I asked if someone kissed me, looking deadass at you, when I woke up from getting the wind knocked out of me.”
“Oh, none.” That predatory grin was back on his face.
She smirked, locking eyes with Tony, “Play it.”
“Hold your knees to your chest.” Tony ordered, his voice tight. He reached over to find the lube, wherever it fell under their bed, “Spread yourself out.”
“I found him.”
“The best.” Steve did not bother to fight the smile on his face.  “She was amazing and sacrificed so much for me. I was
Steve could not help but swallow and found his throat burning. Had this been more normal, just another day on the field, Steve without a doubt would be as flustered as a school-girl. The unnamed man was his perfect type.
Tony went back to hungrily kissing him, his fingers dancing over the button of Steve’s jeans when Steve pulled back. “If you actually have a way to produce lube from that thing I’m leaving.”
“Baby, no.” Tony scolded, kissing over his face again. “I’ve told you to stop agreeing with everything I say about our relationship without talking. I appreciate you trusting me having more experience but you need to understand things before you agree to it.”
Tony hummed and his fingers danced up along Steve’s arm. “Nothing to be nervous about. No one is going to hurt you.”
Steve simply lost the fight and darkness fully enveloped him.
The two stared at each other a moment and the room felt like there was too much in it. The man absorbed everything and gave back far too much. His brown eyes were intense and did not waver as he bore into Steve’s own.
Steve blushed again.
“Of course I am.” He huffed and tried to straighten himself out. Quickly, he rubbed his eyes and cleared his throat. “I’m Tony Fucking Stark and this is my Steve Rogers. And nothing bad will happen to what’s mine.”
“I…I…suppose.” He did his best to not let fear drip into his tone. “Would…hate to be rude.”
This man, Howard’s son, apparently wanted to woo him. Perhaps. He still was not sure of the extent of this liking. Steve wasn’t sure if he was ready to hear about it either.
“That you thought I bit, B-I-T, you cause we’re friends? Ha, no. I’ll remind you of that for the rest of our lives.” He chuckled. “Still, holy shit.”
Steve chuckled, and then provided a pleasant smile to another body approaching. The man looked very gentle and soft with hair that was brown turning gray but, strangely it did not look as if he were old…just that his hair got stuck between different colors. Though with the edges of his eyes it seemed there was too much experience and pain in his life.
“I saw the look before, when I mentioned how I didn’t remember her often enough. You looked like a kicked puppy.” Tony’s fingers gave Steve’s a squeeze. “There are very little records of her. Birth certificate and some bills to her name but not much.”
Instantly, Tony’s hands greedily rubbed over the exposed skin. He let out a noise that was slick sin once he made contact. “Pants. Now.”
Biting his lip, Steve did his best to not say anything against the words. The whole town seemed very steady financially. It was their own homestead that did not fit in and showed signs of poverty.
“T-Tony,” his throat was bleeding, it had to be. He was drowning in it.
Swallowing thickly, he held up his hand before him, fingers gently moving and…smoke, a soft glow, and…
“An update.” Clint hiccupped and wiped his mouth. “Things are progressing smoothly but we’ve had two attacks already. The people are well trained but are just paid mercenaries with no obvious direct ties to anyone in particular. We’ve captured a few who have been willing to talk. So far, no one supremely loyal to this cause is in the groups. But they are for sure mercs hired by some governments.”
“Everyone I come in contact with wants to sleep with me.”
“At first, it went well. No one told them what was happening. It was thought for the best. After all, nothing seemed to happen when nothing was spoken. After a few years, things started to change. The family became withdrawn. Then they started to show signs of the same madness as before with Hammer. They spoke of books and a handsome man who promised them anything…”
Win against what…that was something Steve had yet to put together.
“Yes, to everything you could remotely say that’s negative or embarrassing.” Natasha smiled. “Anyone tell you that you are gorgeous?”
Steve was torn between looking hurt and glaring at him unimpressed.
“Babe, you’re so adorable.” Tony whispered. “Just do what feels right.”
Steve blinked. “This is…armor?” He guessed.
“Did he?”
“Yeah, ok…maybe.”
Tony puffed out his cheeks as he read over everything. “I dunno.”
, Steven. You’re not like them. You’re special. Not boring…special. And that is so rare to find in your kind. Why would I want that to go into madness?”
Lord, his mouth watered and his face felt flushed at the sight of Tony as he finally kicked off his boxer-briefs and his whole glory was in sight. He was spectacular. Gorgeous. From his broad shoulders, smooth golden skin, warrior-like scars…god, Steve wanted to draw him desperately. But more than that…
Tony kissed the back of his neck. “You’re such a sweetheart, ah, now one of the most important people of my life.” Tony pressed his chin on Steve’s shoulder to look at the picture. “This is mom.”
“Best I can do. That god caused a lot of problems for me.” He held up his finger and made the beckoning motion and his blade shuddered before it re-followed its path and was back in Tony’s fingers. He went back to playing with it, spinning it from its tip on his finger, not drawing any blood. He watched it, almost mildly entranced, seeming to be rather bored of the conservation.
“Not like you and you know it. Or,” he frowned and then sighed, “you don’t. Of course you don’t. Because no one told you, Fury never made you get therapy, and none of us ever really talked to you about your life…
“Talking about it beforehand is still better. If you hadn’t liked it that moment would’ve been ruined and we, well I, would’ve had a lot of emotional cleanup to do. I’d rather do the awkward talking before a romp rather than after, especially if it went bad.”
Steve opened his mouth but closed it, unable to find words.
Steve gave a small smile to the camera. “I think you better use it on bigger and better things.”
That had been his second mistake in their spar; he became too afraid of hurting her.
“It doesn’t matter much to me. Mom took it hard from what I hear. She handled my birth eight years later fine and was the best mother. Howard,” Tony scowled. “He didn’t handle losing you for a second time.”
“Gotta be, man. Sir.” He corrected. He needed to learn to be a little less easy-going with people in power. It got him so many laps in the force but he figured that Stark would not put him to physical labor as he may actually harm him. “Just think about it. Or talk to him. At least let him understand why because he really doesn’t get it.”
Shrugging, he rolled up his sleeves past his elbows, and went back out to his bedroom but stopped and frowned.
“Tony,” Pepper greeted him from the bar and she held out a flute of champagne.
“The latter is my thinking. I know there is a lot happening under the table and not going into the system…but I feel like there would be more than what I am finding.” He downed his coffee, flinching when he found it was a bit too hot, and wished he added a lot more sugar into it…or whiskey. “There has to be something I am missing.”
“If you feel like telling Natasha no, go for it.”
“What all do you have in town?”
“So the
“Barton.”
It was times like this Tony really wished Jarvis still had a physical body, that he was still his Jarvis, so he could hug him or feed him a scone or something. “Thanks buddy.”
Steve swallowed thickly and nodded, “Anything.”
“Good. Don’t even dare think of pulling out.” Steve gave him such a sultry look, “I want you to stay in me as long as possible.”
‘There is no reason to worry about him.’ Steve smiled. ‘I’m really ridiculous. Look at what he does. There is no reason to think anything suspect.’
“You’re touch-starved.” Sam explained as he counted Steve’s pushups with a clicker. “Up to a hundred and eighteen. My thumb is burning, man.”
“Yes, yes, we'll paint our nails together.” Tony shooed the pre-teen girl away. “Focus on the medicine.”
Tony gave him another grin, it was sharp and hungry and it struck fear, with a soft sense of excitement, deep inside Steve. “We play, dear heart.”
That made Wanda smile, “Not many know of it. It is small. Was.” She shrugged again. “We left due to war. In our country, in Europe in general, we never underestimate the possibility of the supernatural. But since we’ve arrived here I have not been to the house. My brother has. He tried to sneak in because he is an idiot.”
Steve went back to work on Tony’s pants, his fingers shaky but desperate. Tony was doing a lot better in his own pursuit—granted Steve was wearing sweats so the comparison wasn’t exactly fair. Nothing was fair. God, he needed both of them out of the clothes or he would actually go insane.
Steve was tempted to push and make a noise, hell he was tempted to use his strength to spin Tony over and ride him himself to get rid of this desperately empty feeling. But he was also desperate to hear what more Tony wanted. Each and everything out of his mouth made Steve’s eyes roll in pleasure.
“We can put the evolutions of all his arcs on you.” Josh helped.
Slowly, achingly, Steve picked himself up to get a better look around him. Though dark he could make out he was in a spacious bedroom. It was massive in size with windows that, though covered in unusual curtains, took up the whole wall to his right. He was on a large bed, larger than he’d ever seen in person, with soft pillows and sheets that almost felt like silk to the touch. His fingers danced over the material in confusion. Everything was very, very different from the barracks.
“Your…what?” Tony shook his head, feeling numbness fall over him. “The
It was beautiful and Steve decided he would try his very best to love the home for her. It was more than he could ever ask for his own. He should show his gratefulness for a roof over his head despite all the trouble that has befallen on all of them.
“Hmm,” Tony tapped the blade to his cheek in thought. “Ah, how about a gift for my new sister? Something I am sure all would enjoy though.”
He was still in his and shirt from when he passed out, so he didn’t suspect he had been out for too long…maybe a day. No one would let him stay in these if he went longer than that.
Steve shrugged modestly.
“Yes.”
Feeling brave and in the moment of more, Steve went to Tony’s own and fumbled with the button and zipper.
“With the way you look, little love, how could anyone resist answering?” The man from she shadows cooed.
“You also know I like to bite.”
“Daddy,” she pulled on his pants, her big brown eyes looking up at him for attention.
The bed’s sheets and comforters, once red and gold, were dusty and looked to be wearing thin but were somehow rather untouched by the decaying home. Steve slept as best as he could in the new place, which was better than he expected. He was eager to return to it in the night and see what else was within the room. There was a an itch in the back of Steve’s mind that told him there was something more to it than what he could see.
“Sir.”
“You don’t have to worry about that, dick.” Tony gripped the handle of the blade tight before he made a motion to stab, hoping to feel the pop of the bastards skin. Instead, he found himself flipped over and a fist the size of his entire torso slam into his gut.
“I do not do what I do out of the kindness of my own heart. I have been told on a few occasions I do not have one.” Tony finally picked up his own cup and sipped his coffee.
"About. Not there yet." Steve shifted a bit, pulling his jacket close around him. Something felt...odd between them in this conversation. No longer quite as awkward or angry…but something different and heavy. "Just getting past my hip...yeah, it's heading down that way."
“Like you gave me any other choice.” She muttered. “You even aware you’re in a bed right now?”
“So…” Tony hummed. “A tattoo.”
Rubbing the back of his neck, he groaned as he felt the crick start to twitch.
“Ehh, he’s gotta point, angel-man.” A talking raccoon pointed out as he jumped on the table, motioning to all of Thor. “You’re the only one here who can match this psycho’s sexy.”
“Of course not.” Clint looked positively giddy, which appeared odd on his Grumpy-Cat-like face. The man loved gossip almost as much as he loved his family and that was a lot. “I’m so calling you later about this though. You gotta fill me in on everything!”
“Me?”
“No, my heir, look again. Watch again.” He titled Tony’s head back up to the images. “Look at the face he gave you. That is one of pain and love. One of a man doing something he doesn’t want to do.”
There was something warming about that. Tony apparently really looked after the people he cared for.
"Show me."
Tony’s fingers tapped over the desk to a Metallica song. He knew his brain would not let this go for some time, so he needed another project to keep himself under control. It all came back to Steve and what Sam said. “Tell me, you think I should take Steve out? I mean outside?”
“Stark, I know you’re my boss but I’m here for Steve. You keep him inside much longer and he’ll resent you. I don’t want to see that happen since he’s so important.”
“Stop saying stuff like that out loud!”
"No." Steve said too quickly. "No. Not...not that."
“Ah yes, your destiny in killing billions upon billions.” Tony seethed, remembering the kid, his kid, slowly disntergrate from his fingers.
“You have big eyes, squishy cheeks,” she rolled her eyes when Steve reached up and touched his face in a self conscious manner, “in a good way, don’t be so sensitive. Anyway, a sweetheart smile, and an aura that really screams you’re made of marshmallows and unicorns and butterflies. That can, you know, also crush skulls with your thighs. Just a cute way about crushing them.”
“To be expected.” He muttered. “Still, haven’t had a night terror in a while.”
“Serum, Tony.”
“T-Tony?”
“Isn’t that a pretty sight,” he purred, his fingers brushing off the remains of the fabric, “my pretty, pretty bride.”
"Nope." And with a huff and pushing weight back in his heels, he pushed Steve back and off of him. He probably would've made a tackle if Natasha hadn't thrown some discarded Foot Loops from Clint's choking fit at the brunette's face. "You're no fun."
Tony was starting to get that feral look back in his eyes as he grabbed Steve’s hips, meeting his stare in a challenge, “You have three minutes then I am back to trying to pound you into the mattress.”
reasons?” Steve had an idea what they were and it made him queasy in his stomach.
Tony blinked and then grinned like a predator, “You challenging me, babe? You shouldn’t tempt a wolf with something delicious, you know.”
A horrible chill ran down Sam’s spine and he nodded slowly. “Will do my best not to.”
“Look.” And then Tony did something very unexpected. He took off his shirt.
Steve blushed and huffed. “He’s a little--”
His head was swimming…it was true he hadn’t slept, really at all, in the past two weeks and serum or not, that was not do-able. But before that, year prior, he began to lose sleep when Peggy was buried and the Accords sprung up and Bucky returned and Siberia…
“Yeah." The older man's voice was so soft and filled with worry.
"Steve..."
He quickly made use of the hot water, shaved what little his twenty-odd face still refused to produce, and dressed in his uniform. Black pants that he had owned since he was fifteen, luckily no longer required the use of suspenders but were a little too short above the ankles, a once white, now a bit yellowed, long sleeve shirt, and a brown vest that was a hand-me-down of Zemo’s and did not quite match the pants nor fit right. His only pair of shoes was towards the end of their days and Steve hoped Pierce would let him get another pair before the New Year.
“Well then, looks like we may have more people for Nat’s show. Try and find them before the end of the week. But the distribution of the medication and their notes come first.” Tony pursed and tapped his fingers. “Pepper, make the attack public.”
Later, when he was back home, and figured that Stane wasn’t aware that the Ten Rings had let it slip his involvement, Tony took his time to slowly ruin the man’s life before, at eighteen when he officially could take over the company, he killed him with his own hands. Slowly, of course. As slow as the Ten Rings had tried to kill him.
Thor sighed and shook his head, disappointed, “Pathetic. Some of you humans are such disappointing creatures. Failure in battle and defeat. It may be best to lay waste to them now with your own hand.”
Steve was instantly interested, “
Steve opened and closed his mouth, curious if his horrid situation was so painfully
Steve let out a yelp, catching Tony’s attention and ire as he watched Thor laugh gleefully and threw the smaller blond over his shoulders. “Thor! That’s mine! Put him down!”
“You’re looking forward to it as much as I am.” Tony added the third slick finger, worming them around without mercy as he thrust them in. “Tell me how much you like it. Tell me.”
Zemo nodded slowly, “Go on then. I’ll inform father. You may just need to go on and get started on the next room. I can tell you if he requests your update directly.”
“I’ll see you later, Tony.” Steve responded, avoiding the promise.
Tony had clung to those words that night and again six months later when he found his world splintering into broken little pieces. He went over them obsessively when he was beaten in that cave, his mind swirling that Obadiah Stane, someone who claimed to care for Tony, was responsible. It was also the first time he cursed the hero, hating him for giving him hope, for promising to come for him when things were bad.
“There is no man nor woman out there who would be deserving of you.” Tony sighed. “None could give you what I could.”
"Of course, sir." The alien bowed again and walked off.
“Oh,” Steve took the items carefully and looked them over. They looked like fantastic quality. His fingers ran over the cream-colored pages. There were hundreds of them bounded so well. “You didn’t have to do that.”
“I want to draw blood. I want to pin you down with my teeth as I make you take everything.” He licked his lips, his eyes started to take on a dazed look. “I want to make the pleasure hurt.”
It had made him unable to control his giddy laugh.
“Yes sir, sorry.” He quickly, quietly, pulled himself up by the driver while giving him an awkward smile in greeting. There were only a few short breaths of waiting before the horses were kicked into gear and they started rolling off.
“I just wanted to protect everyone. To protect him.”
Hiss pale cheeks flushed, Steve looked away, trying to collect his thoughts. “I…have guesses but no true idea.”
Steve could not be patient. He needed to know. Nothing made sense and his legs and chest still felt wet and cold.
“MMA—oh, it’s mixed martial arts,” Bruce’s nose scrunched up. “It’s fights.”
"Wrist." He tapped his right side, opening up his hand and ready to receive just below the palm.
“Should I be afraid?”
Steve rolled his eyes, “You’re ridiculous. And stop biting me.”
Well then, probably not his imagination. Steve had enough arrogance in his life to conjure up more. Though it could not be denied the man wore the arrogance unfairly well.
“And have them become yours as well. You already met she-devil.”
'Almost, Stark. Just go a little further. What would he do? He'd focus and work.'
Shit. Maybe he owed Natasha more chocolates than a cold shoulder.
He rolled on his side; seeing double as slowly he felt like his head was back where it belonged.
“Peggy.” She was slightly older with some gray in her hair and her hips wider. Her eyes were as bright as ever and her smile wide as she pulled a woman close to her. Tony had filled Steve in that a few years after Steve’s death she was transferred to America for a mission where she fell in love with a roommate. She was also Tony’s godmother and had been with him since the day he was born.
All of this felt obvious but Tony made sure to have everything written down and prepared for Steve’s awakening.
“You’re…” He looked him over again. “Here”
The archer, who was grinning from ear to ear at the video, instantly frowned. “What? Why?”
“Is there anyway to get the name of the son? It’s feeling a bit repetitive and confusing.”
"Is this all you got?" Steve smirked down at Tony on the padded ground. "I've heard so much about your moves. I had wanted to see them myself."
The bath Tony promised him had been luxurious and Steve found no complaints once he was left alone to submerge himself in the water. Muscles he had not known were still hard with tension relaxed and he actually fell asleep. This of course led to an awkward introduction to a “person” named Jarvis who spoke up out of no where about the dangers of doing such when Steve was still in such a weak position.
“How was your trip?” Sam greeted as he waved the blond over.
“Oh a little. Not much.” Tony straightened himself out, pulling at his cuffs and looked Steve over as if seeing him for the first time. “Apparently I’m blinding.”
Steve held out his arms to keep balance after he found one that was solid. It was almost like walking on a tightrope and he had to laugh a little. Many days he imagined himself bigger, healthier, who could do many fantastic things with his body that he could star in a circus. Hidden away with others who did not quite fit in and he would be able to pretend he could fly.
A splitting headache made the image dissipate and he grabbed a wall to keep himself steady. He was going insane. He couldn't keep the thoughts or images at bay any longer, no matter how he tried. They slithered in and he fell into it each time. His hands were desperate for the feel of Steve's skin. To hear his real voice. Winter pine. Gentle tremors.
“If you ask me prettily enough, I’ll bring them all back…all of them, just for you.”
"Pay me ten-thousand dollars and I'll get right on that." Josh teased.
“Tony has made you out as some innocent, breakable baby that needs coddling.”
Tony always took it a little bit too much from it. But then again, another thing Steve was slowly learning, Tony took a little bit too much from everything. Space in the room for instance or in Steve’s head.
“Wait…really?” Steve blinked, a bit surprised. “You appear and people are…”
he loved about the son. The family was wealthy from the get-go and possibly had the ability to earn more coin in their bank. The son was handsome, there is no story that says otherwise, but he was supposedly eccentric and wild. Now as for taking apart the house, well, that was because supposedly the family was wealthier than they let on. Probably far more influenced by outside sources.” Sam muttered. “And the son, a strange man, could invent things that were unnatural, that could probably change the world. Hammer wanted that.”
“Are you alright? Lord will have our heads for this…how could we let his golden bride fall?!”
“Make me.” Steve grinned over the rim of his drink and had some more. It was quite tasty.
"Oh, I think I may need to make you regret that tone." Tony met up roughly as Steve came down, grinning evilly as his lover yelped eagerly, “Well, challenge accepted, babe. Let's see what other kinks we can find to get our motors really running. Come on," he thrust up again, smirking when Steve babbled some lustful nonsense, "get bouncing, darling...show your dom that bad-boy attitude that needs breaking.”
No. No. NO.
“Mine.” He whispered again and nipped at Steve’s ear.
“Do they ask for yours?”
“They were able to hide it well enough.” Steve laughed a little. “Hugh was gay. They married so she could keep some respect and he could keep his secret.”
"What is it?"
“Please don’t tell me he’d actually do it.” Bruce whimpered.
“Afternoon boys,” Natasha greeted as she sauntered in with her sports bra and tight leggings that did wonder for her form. “I’m in a good mood so I’ll allow you all to look at the ass for twenty seconds. Bruce, you get a solid minute.”
“You’re grinning. That’s scary.” Clint pointed out and tossed a small tomato at Natasha who grabbed it in her mouth. Clint’s hands shot up to show touchdown.
“Well, you know how us country folk loathe those from the city.” Sam pushed at Steve’s shoulder. “Now don’t interrupt your guide. Here you will mostly find your standard items such as a hammer or such.” He continued to give the man directions around town and pointed out all the locations that would be necessary for Steve to go to.
Steve flushed and then laughed when Morgan started to pull at his pant leg, wanting attention. Big brown eyes looking to get an ice-pop for her breakfast fruit rather than the freshly cut melons prepared on the counter.
Now Tony looked at him with a tilted brow.
“I’ll see if there is anyway to get a telegram. I do not believe we should be excluded from news.” Brock noted, stretching himself before he popped up to his feet. “I’ll compose a letter for Schmidt to see if he could help us not go insane while here.”
“Yeah, I think I like the idea of listening to you tell all of it to me while you are sweaty and panting after a good few rounds in the bed. A bed-time story of sorts.”
“Tony, please stop glaring at him.” Steve sighed, tugging at their interlocked hands. “You’re here to hire him…not give him nightmares.”
‘Picturing it, I suppose I can understand why Sam showed me some sympathy. I must look like a pathetic sight.’ It still filled him with some faith in people to know some were moved by other’s plight.
"It's all you're going to get."
Steve tilted a brow.
But Tony remained calm and kept explaining things, showing him things, and answering questions in such a way that Steve grew terrified.
Nano-technology, the better use of Extermis, a sense of control...owning it all.
“Yeah, begging works so well for me.” Tony licked his lips. “Behaving does too.”
“She must’ve sensed we like stories.” He left it at that, as he did not want the girl to get in trouble for giving him information that should not be spoken of. “Also told me she and her brother were new here too. It was a great comfort to hear from her about that and how happy she is. Makes me think it might be possible for myself.”
“Ok, now you sit here, doll.” He patted his hand on a chair that was close to his own, the one directly behind an imposing desk, one that wasn’t quite as big. Tony loved images after all, and Steve sat down as Tony took his own seat. “Comfortable?”
(See the end of the chapter for
"It will feel uncomfortable for a little while. But it will be over soon enough."
"Don't make me sound like a racist." Tony grumped. "And that doesn't answer anything. What. Are. You. Doing. To. Me?"
“Perhaps. I do not know. My brother and I moved here four years ago. We were the newest here till you. From Sokovia.”
“If only.” He laughed weakly and it sounded shaky. “If only.”
He felt a sharp prick in his arm and he gave a tired glare to Natasha. “Sedatives?”
“Iron Man.” Tony’s voice had a slight echo and metallic overtone.
“Good,” Tony fixed his cuffs, preparing for his appearance. “I promised his aunt his grades wouldn’t slip being my intern.”
“Most all ribs broken, nose broken, a vertebra cracked, knee popped, some internal damage…but as you can see his healing is progressing wonderfully. The doctors are telling me they want to keep him in this coma at least until tomorrow. Just to give his body the fair shot of recuperation.” Pepper nodded to herself as she read over the notes. “But given the advancement and safety of the Tower we’ve been given permission to bring him home tonight. We'll just reduce the intake of necessary medicines tonight and he should be waking up tomorrow evening. The doctors are all supremely optimistic that his physical injuries will have little to no appearance or lasting affects in just a matter of weeks.”
Steve’s throat felt dry, “Did Howard ever…I mean…to you…hurt you?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I can just give him my honest assessment.”
. He was bigger than Steve, not much of a feat to be fair, in height and in bulk. Not physically as big as Brock but, heavens, something about him felt massive…bigger than the room. His hair, so dark it was almost black, was longer, curling at his neck, and swept back in a posh style. His face was trimmed in a masculine, artistic beard that highlighted his looks. He was covered in a tailored three-piece suit, a tie as red as blood pressed under his dark vest, with a heavy coat that looked like night that hovered an inch from the ground.
“This is what we have to look forward to every morning?” Brock grumbled over the chopped fruit and bread.
“No boys in our future?” Steve laughed, tilting his head to the side to let Tony have as much access to his neck as he wanted.
“Hmm, that is true. Surprise that spacey head of yours thought of it. Did they tell you how much of a portion?”
Tony moaned, “that lingo really should not turn me on as bad as it does.”
“Happy and Mr. Wilson are at your door, sir.”
“Huh.” Zemo frowned and shook his head. “Father hasn’t spoken of this.”
“Good boy.” Tony hissed and without any further warning, started to push hiself into Steve.
The Avengers did share their toys often, after all.
“Fantastic!” Thor laughed. “Stark! Your lover can
"It was a necessary discomfort. But I do see how this has affected you. I apologize for that, son." Thanos turned and looked back at the screen. "That man...he held me back with his hands alone. He glared at me and without any power, kept me in place. He was magnificent."
“Project is done.” Tony purred. “All I could think about was you. You took all my attention. I needed,” he hissed as he pressed their clothed groins together and gave a painful thrust, “needed to be home.” His tongue didn’t make it inside Steve’s mouth this time as it traced over the pink lips temptingly. “Tried to get you to go to bed. I can get…antsy after a project. High off a victory or something. But you’re up. You’re up after I couldn’t thin of anything but you.”
Tony’s fingers pressed deep into Steve’s skin. “You tried to be an adult for me, for the thousandth time.”
‘Not like I can hide it. He’s seen the suit and, god he is so bright.’  His father really did not make enough highlights on how intelligent Steve was. That made something smug grow in his chest; not even Howard was shown this brilliance. Tony was probably one of the only few who knew. As far as he could guess, maybe only Steve’s mother, his childhood friend Bucky Barnes, and the scientist Dr. Erskine knew. And Peggy.
“Alright, you’re still keeping too much weight on your upper form.” Natasha noted. “Jump on your toes a bit.”
“Talk, dollface.”
"Right? Man, this piece of sparkly shit has been haunting my dreams ever since I got your ass in my chair. What could I make for the Avengers? The saviors of the world? The sexy of sexiness? It needed to be simple...but epic...include everyone but not be overwhelming. Something with some..." he acted like he was sprinkling salt, "BAM."
The goddess felt like she was going to get sick. Placing her hand over her mouth the slightest, she turned away from the group and vanished. Her eyes became blurred as she reappeared in a bathroom that was off to the side, but she refused to cry.
“H-Hi, Mr. Stark.” Peter stuttered, his slightly wincing as his voice cracked an octave higher. Smiling, Tony looked up from the conversation, turning to the young Parker.
Peter's heart sank and his spidey senses were going off the charts. "W-What is it, Aunt May?"
Though, what he wasn't expecting was the soft melody of Frigga's favourite Asgardian song. Smiling softly, though it pained him to do so, he spoke the last words of the song in a whisper.
"Anyone up for a movie?" Tony questioned from the opposite side of the room, right beside of Steve. Sam shrugged, as well as Bruce.
"For the last time, call us by our first names!" the philanthropist groaned, tossing his head back in exasperation. Wanda then took the time to come into the living room, breaking up the beginning of a small tiff. Vision, Bruce, and Rhodey followed behind her. Now they were just waiting on Aunt May.
It was only a couple of hours later when Tony Stark awoke on his leather couch with a pounding headache. He, at first, assumed he was hungover, but only realized that he hasn't had a drink since Peter arrived -- therefore, he was
A Valentine's Day Special!
"Now, Flash," Jacoby turned to the student who seemed like he refused to leave his side, "Please repeat what I have told you outside, and explain the rules for those who don't know, while I get the materials." he smiled a thin line down at the boy before walking off towards the supply closet, opposite end of the gym.
Walking in, Tony locked the door behind him. But Peter knew very well that Aunt May barging in was the least of their problems. Sitting down on the bed, Peter looked up at the billionair before him.
"Atta boy" Nat grinned happily. Picking up her cellphone, the two then turned and walked out of the female's room, out of The Avenger's Tower, and straight into one of Tony's many cars. Stepping into the passengers seat, Peter fastened his seat belt, Natasha doing the same but from the driver's side. Putting the respective keys in the ignition, the assassin started the car, the car's engine roaring to life.
{Doctor Wade to the rescue!}
Rushing back into the actual bedroom, he ripped off his shirt and placed on his chest binder. Looking down at his binded chest, he let out a sigh.
"H-How did you get in here and -- and who the
Sneaking into his apartment, Wade slowly creaked the front door open, careful not to activate Petey's superhearing.
Once again, thank you so much for all the overwhelming support. From someone who's not used to having this much attention/love thrown at, it feels somewhat amazing (is that the right word? idfk but it is what it is).
Not even ten minutes later, Mr. Stark left his apartment, going to prepare Peter’s room. Aunt May, of course, agreed that the young man could stay with the billionair, as long as he kept up his grades and continued to make friends.
Stark paused from spinning in his wheely chair. "Jarvis? Can you pull up Deadpool's number?"
"Not a chance." Tony beamed.
Wade chuckled, his voice deep, but his tone lighthearted. "Why thank you, young spiderling. And you can keep the clothes, they look better on you anyways." Spidey blushed a light shade of pink at that. "But," Wade rose an eyebrow (though, Parker couldn't tell), "When you get home, I want you to take that blasted binder off and get some shut eye. You need it."
He wanted to nod his head and smile as he walked into the dining area in their small house not a few minutes later, laughing as he saw Aunt May trying to stop the noodles from falling off of his plate.
The woman with the long, black robes spoke first. She had long, dark hair, but the top of her face was covered with the hood of her robe. "I am the Angel of the Dead, or as you may know, Death," the woman spoke with softness. The woman beside of her, stepped forwards.
"You have a choice for a special reason, young child. But, do to The Fates, I am not able to say. The main reason, however, is that you are an important person, so to speak. And do to requested from Odin himself, you will have a choice -- as well as any of the other Avengers." Death answered patiently.
"When I returned to my chambers, I couldn't bear to look myself in the mirror, let alone keep myself healthy. I could not sleep, nor eat. The only things that kept flashing in my mind were what happened on that battlefield that night. I was only a boy when I thought about putting an end to my suffering. But as you can see, I am still here and, as you Midgardian's say, 'still kicking'."
With now wide eyes, Peter looked up to his Aunt May, confusion clear on his face. “What the hell?”
Skimming her eyes over the storage once more, she smiled triumphantly and pulled out some kind of protein bar. "Fantastic." she answered with a big smile once more. Leaning up against the marble counter, she opened the small bar and began to nibble away. Now finishing his apple, Peter walked over towards the trash can and threw the inedible part away. Getting ready to turn and walk away, Wanda stopped him. "Oh, Peter." she remembered.
“Don’t tell me you’re gonna go all fanboy on ‘ol Cap over there.” Hawkeye asked, looking over the back of the couch.
Ummm....... i know people..
dawned on him once more. The light turned green.
Exactly four guns, two pocket knives, two katanas, and one dagger later, Wade sat criss-cross on the floor. Leaning on the palms of his hands, he stared up at the heroes sitting in front of him on the furniture -- all except Loki, of course, who was standing near her brother to the side.
It was currently day five.
Clint sighed as he took a large gulp of his coffee.
On a velvet  surfaced laid a (what seemed to be handmade) golden necklace in the shape of an arrow, purple wiring wrapping around the bottom half in a small spiral. It all connected on a golden looking chain.
embarrassed Bruce Banner.
, Peter."
"Bruce, I need you to get the lab ready. We're bringing in someone who needs medical attention straight away -- and for the love of god, do
A happy tear trailed down Peter's face, his lip quivering as he let another salty track fall down his cheek. Pulling his boyfriend in closer, Wade kissed his lover's forehead, smiling down softly at the younger. The two stayed like that, Spider-Man's cries becoming a hiccup here and there.
xX Welcome to chapter four! Got any suggestions or input? Put them down in the comments below, I love reading each and everyone's comment(s)! <3 Xx
Peter's words were drawn to a shut as Wade's lips enclosed Peter's once more. Spidey's once saucer-like eyes fluttered shut at the touch. His sweater pawed hand reached up to hold Deadpool's face, pulling him even closer, though that was hardly possible. The hero folded into the merc, ignoring the slight bit of pain that he got for it.
"Nat?" he questioned, his voice trembling as he tried to calm his sobs.
"But -- "
Oh god, school.
Clint raised an eyebrow. "Literally
"No ma'm -- Nat." he corrected himself. "I've been using a binder for a while now, since I came out."
"Hey, Wade?" Peter's voice called from down the hall.
Pulling out his phone with shaky hands, Parker called the one person he knew he could trust.
“So, what do you say, kid?”
Seeing the new school year was starting up, he was going to have to talk to Tony about that as well, he did need some good clothes. Now that he was thinking about it, maybe that's why Nat took him shopping and everything. Well, that and the fact that he was running on two pairs of jeans and a handful of different tshirts.
"Hey, Wanda," the two males smiled back in unison. Now finishing his cereal, Cap stood up and walked off towards the sink, washing it quickly and saying his farewells before walking off to somewhere else.
Sam, of course, will be getting a Star Trek graphic t (remembering Clint and Sam's argument over Star Wars and Star Trek). Rhodey will be given a handkerchief and Vision will be getting a small bell to put on his waist, so people will know when he basically floats by.
The plan for this lovely Saturday morning went as followed;
I'm still in a dark place, probably a bit darker than before, but I'm trying my best to get better. Some days are rougher than others, and I may have relapsed more than once, but I'm trying my best.
None of the surrounding people expected Loki to act so kindly towards the young child. They were all in pure shock -- all except Thor, of course. He had expected this from the beginning.
"Peter," she spoke as she bent down next to the boy. "What the hell happened?"
This wasn't just a 'stupid house', this was Peter's
"Hey," Peter greeted back warmly. Walking over to the fruit bowl, he grabbed an apple and sat down in the seat he was sitting in last night; Thor's chair. Speaking of Thor, Peter has yet to meet him.
"Peter," Natasha started again, almost at a lost for words -- that's how angry and upset she was.
"Good."
"Shut up.." the man grumbled back, disappointment written all over his face."
Peter starts to have second thoughts about accepting Tony's offer.
Pellets of rain began to pour from the dark skies and lightening lit up the sky like a Christmas tree. Sighing, the boy simply looked up to the sky and closed his eyes, not caring about how soaked his clothes were getting. If he got sick, well.. he probably deserved it.
"This year," the coach went on, seemingly missing the whole exchange, "My helper will be none other than Flash Thompson." Peter, and half of the other students, held back a groan. This was going to be hell.
Outrage for Flash, for the goddamn woman behind the counter, all the bullying, the teachers not helping, and even The Avengers -- especially Tony Stark.
From Peter, to be exact.
Smiling softly, Bruce stood up from his chair and fixed the screen for Clint. Blushing softly when he realized that he was pressing the wrong thing, he whispered a soft thank you to Bruce, who returned to his seat shortly after. "Like I was saying, this whole area," he highlighted, "is where the killer was. This radius isn't too wide, so the police have probably already checked it, or getting ready to finish checking."
to go back and face that hell hole, Peter by his side.
. He couldn't
Parker's eyes widened. "You--You are?" he spoke quietly, a tone of hopefulness sparked through him.
Thor folded his arms over his chest. "Young Peter has lost many things in his life. Family, friends, and who knows who else. On my home planet, and I'm sure for you here, that this is enough to drive anyone mad -- no matter how strong a warrior is." Thor began to explain. "When I first went into battle centuries ago, it petrified me, to say the least. The bloodshed that painted the ground around me, and the fallen soldier's I caused because I simply couldn't do anything about it.
Smiling, the young male had only one thought at that moment;
was what he wanted to talk about. And here he thought it was something important. Though he thought those thoughts, Parker showed no sign of emotions, nor, change.
For a moment, Stark was about to retort, telling him that there was no use in trying to keep things bottled up, but then realized that it really wasn't the time for the conversation, and that Bruce would tell him when the time came. Forcing a small smile, he waved over his friend and showed him a quick, sloppy blueprint of what he was building. "He's gonna love it, Tony." Bruce smiled up at him. Tony nodded.
"I don't know." She spoke, her voice shaking.
“Su-sure, Mr. Ro-- Steve.” he corrected himself, earning a laugh from the couch.
"Anyways, like I was saying. We need to split up -- and seeing that there is..." Wade began to count before snapping back to the conversation at hand. "Twelve of us in total, we need to pair off. Me and the Boxes™ have calculated on who works best with who so I'll start listing the pairs."
Too put it nicely, Peter looked like
"Loki..."
either way, im going to get revenge for hurting him that perfect ass of yours.
Sighing, the mercenary sat up from his reclined position on the couch and faced the group more. "No, you've been discussing Peter's
Loki nodded from the back, and with a swish of green, she was gone.
Twenty four minutes and three seconds later and Ned was walking into the tower, his worn down backpack in his hand. His feet dragged on the ground as he walked, constantly tugging at his long sleeve shirt. His eyes were still blurry and the tear tracks on his cheeks weren't fading any time soon, and neither was his tears. Pushing the correct button in the lift, Ned's hand's continued to shake. He could barely hold his satchel.
"I-I, uh, I had t-to stop him --- and he wouldn't l-listen!" the Scarlet witch mumbled, an apologetic expression on her face. "I-I didn't think I hit him that hard.."
