- “A Blessing for One Who is Exhausted” by John O'Donohue, Irish poet, priest, and philosopher
“Cas, hey,” said Sam. “Hold up. Your clothes are soaked from being caught in the avalanche. That can’t be comfortable.”
“Well that’s not good,” said Dean.
“You mean you managed to fuck things up again and again. God, wouldn’t it be so much easier to save Sammy if you didn’t keep dragging him into danger along with you?”
“If you’re looking for griffin info,” said Sam (making that clearing-throat-cough that said he was getting his emotions under control), “you can also see what I’ve pulled up here.” He maneuvered his open laptop so that Young Dean could easily see and read the open page on the screen. “Just press this down arrow button to read more.”
Mary risked a glance at Dean’s face, studying his profile, dropping to linger on the black kerchief around his neck. He had more than one colour, these days. He liked making a decision over which to wear in the morning. It was one of the few decisions he had in a day.
“Can you imagine if we sent him into a world where he can’t cuss?” said Sam, smiling a little too wide at what a blow this would be to Dean’s vocabulary.
“You gotta build some walls around that shit,” Dean told Young Dean. “Don’t go bothering him with everything.”
Zachariah retreated from him with a careless amble, humming thoughtfully. “Is that so?” he said. He looked at Castiel in handcuffs, then back at Dean. “Well, in that case, let me give you something you won’t forget. A little memory to keep you warm at night.” He placed a hand firmly on Cas’ shoulder. Cas sagged deeper, eyes drifting back and forth sightlessly across the ground, as if to search his mind for some final resort, some last-ditch attempt to get free.
You didn’t dream in Heaven because you didn’t even need to sleep, so some nights Dean lay in bed wide awake playing over memories, trying to feel alive again through them. Lately, his own words rattled through his mind:
Young Dean wasn’t supposed to know any of this. None of it had been said directly. He wasn’t an idiot, but if they wanted to treat him like one then sure, go on and underestimate him.
; or,
“Let’s not jump the gun, alright?” said Dean. “Maybe Eliza can’t do the job like she used to. Maybe she’s got some fucked up Clayface-lookin’ shit in there that we don’t want to bring Cas into. It doesn’t matter. We’ll just find another way. That’s what we do.”
- from
“He’ll forget it all later,” Cas reminded them. He looked paler every moment, barely holding it together, but still able to provide his precise brand of dry commentary. “But there’s also a lot that will shake up his world.”
books. “Don’t get too caught up in the future. Dean tells me that the terms in your world are a little different than in ours. Even if that weren’t the case, it’s not about reaching the future and what you’ll one day be, or not. How we spend our days is how we spend our lives. Focus on that.”
And I will show you something different from either
“No,” said Sam. “I think… I think destroying the egg can
“Teen-Dean?” Dean asked.
“No? How?” asked Sam.
Young Dean opened his mouth to start answering, but Dean got there first. “The little punk got a taste of the future and couldn’t give it up,” said Dean.
“I brought most of the ingredients, like I said, but some need to be… fresh. Ocean water. Irish blood.”
With a cup of coffee in his hands, he sloughed off the last of the deep chill. The shape of the booth seat was at least a decent change from sitting in the station wagon for endless hours. Tail-end of November and the place was decorated for Christmas, with a little green wreath above their table and a cheap Christmas tree figurine held down with sticky-tack on top of the silver napkin holder.
“Dean? If the ghost isn’t what attacked Waylon, do you think it could’ve been—”
. Not a ghost, not a memory, not a desperate projection. Taking up physical space, moving and speaking and acting in a way that was distinctly
“There’s been no sign anyone got hurt at the party,” said Dean.
“Yes, I see,” said Eliza, and she glanced at Cas for reference as well. “I can design this.”
Betty stopped rocking in her chair as Dean spoke, her small, round eyes focusing in. “I might have a better understanding than you could know,” she said. “Please, don’t think anything is too strange for me to believe.”
: Episode 21, written by Joseph Fink and Jeffrey Cranor
“After all he’s done? He does not deserve his power.”
“I wasn’t sure we’d leave in time,” said Cas, looking around at the lush escarpment that towered above their heads.
“Egotist,” said Sam.
“I was quoting,” said Cas. “In my defense.”
Young Dean was exhausted by the time all was said and done. They’d all stayed up another hour, rehashing the events of the evening, exchanging theories, coming up with tracks to follow tomorrow. While the rest of them seemed to enjoy this second wind, Young Dean was left out of it for the most part. His brain was too tired to contribute much. Even though he didn’t have the experience the rest of them did, he usually wasn’t bad for spit-balling or seeing another way out of things. If they’d had this conversation in the morning, he might’ve said a little more instead of just sagging lower in his seat with the passage of the minute-hand on the clock.
“I know it wasn’t what we wanted,” said Young Dean. “When we thought up this new world for ourselves. We thought we were gonna have each other from the start. I thought things were gonna be easy. That at the first sign of trouble, you’d just fly me and Sammy to some paradise where the three of us would live away from it all, and that’d be that. Now, I don’t know. I don’t think that’s what I want.”
“Maybe it is, relatively speaking,” said Dean. “Then there’s the other things. Like the fact that we’ve never been with a guy when it wasn’t for money.”
Cas’ gaze had dropped while he was speaking, turning heavy-lidded, almost sorrowful. Like he regretted having to be here at all. His little speech raised more questions than answers, but damn if Dean wasn’t hooked.
“Something normal, for starters,” said Bobby. “But something big and serious and confusing that would upset John? Thought maybe you'd say you're quitting hunting. Or that you were queer.”
“I told you, he’s out somehow. Whatever Jack did must’ve worked. So you can stow your ‘phantom limb’ bullshit and—”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh, it’s just, you know,” said Young Dean, shifting in his seat. “Dad sort of avoids this place. How far is Lebanon from Lawrence, anyway?”
“How didn’t I know this?” said Dean.
“And yet,” said Past-Cas. “You are you, and I am I.” His eyes rose from their hands, still joined, to meet Young Dean’s gaze. The sun through the window made his eyes pale, his skin golden, the ends of his dark hair brightening like a halo. “Here, the rules aren’t the same. In a dream, it wouldn’t be a sin to touch you.”
“That so?” Young Dean tried to fool Dean, feinting a swipe from one direction, then going low to get underneath Dean’s raised hands. Dean cut the action short again, then caught him with a check hook, just a single, sharp strike that used Young Dean’s momentum to land the blow while Dean stepped safely back. Just enough to put Young Dean off his game, making him retreat back a step without leaving damage. It was startling more than anything. That move came viper-fast, at least to Young Dean’s eye.
Young Dean didn’t linger to hear the answer, making for the library instead. Sam had a small stack of books in one arm, carefully checking the gold numerals imprinted on their spines to shelve them in their correct spots.
“I assume you called on me for a reason?” said Cas.
. You know what that makes you, right?”
“Right,” said Dean. Roger probably meant it. He didn’t look like a man who gave second chances. Dean clapped a hand on Young Dean’s shoulder to guide him along. “C’mon, kiddo.”
Sam smiled and shrugged. “Just calling it like I see it.”
“It’s like God’s favour.” Past-Cas’ steady gaze betrayed no sense that these words were different from any others. He only ever spoke truth, and as a consequence didn’t realize that not all truth had the same gravity. “It’s like what His favour was meant to be. A radiant hand extending suddenly through the dusk. Changing what it touches. Granting light with which to see through the gloom and behold the world as it truly is. I have not been imparted this benefaction before.”
It was only a just-add-water mix, rather mealy and bland without syrup. The first mouthful made her pause, then take in a deep and sudden breath. She ate the rest of the pancake in three quick bites, humming approval with her mouth full. She picked up a second pancake, ready to eat it as soon as she swallowed.
“You sound as if you have very nearly everything prepared,” said Wallis. “Where do I come in?”
Dean had never run into so many dead ends. The reporter who covered the story about Eli’s death barely remembered it. Eli’s parents, while confirming the coroner’s conclusion that it was a heart attack, shared more anecdotes of him as a young boy than useful information about his death. His old teacher Mrs. Speers took a morbid turn into reciting the deaths of any and all former students who predeceased her—cancer, drowning, drunk driving. Eli’s sad and sudden passing was nothing special in that list.
Dean froze. Cas said it with such a tired indifference, but it sent Dean’s brain into a mild panic. What would that have meant? Would Cas have been stuck in ‘98, or some time in between? Did he mean he thought he’d never make it back at all? Dean couldn’t conceive of Cas not returning to him. He couldn’t imagine carrying on without him. He couldn’t imagine waking up in this motel room alone and discovering Cas hadn’t come back, would never come back, and that Dean hadn’t even known their last moment together was goodbye.
am I, exactly?”
He bent his head forward and wept into his hand. Cried into his coffee, which Bobby prised away to keep from spilling over. And Bobby put a hand on his shoulder and said, “That’s okay, son,” even though it didn’t stop Dean from crying.
Sam pulled Dean back by the shoulder, taking his place. “Can I go in? Is she alone?” he asked.
Castiel returned to Room 14 of the Golden Eagle Motel. Dean looked over from pouring a second cup of coffee as Cas took off the winter boots, snow pants, and the blue winter coat that Dean had worn the night of the griffin hunt. His own pair of dark brown leather gloves he set aside separately. He wore his usual dress clothes underneath, sans blazer or overcoat.
Dean would not call
“I get that,” said Sam, “but when we’re talking about pure-of-heart, there’s no one more dedicated to his cause than you, Dean. Saving people’s lives, risking your own. That’s pretty pure.”
Cas shrugged. “It’s been a bit of a constant,” he said. “I did make you crawl out of your coffin the day we met.”
“But this guy you know obviously practices,” said Dean.
It was nothing like in dreams or misleading visitations. Young Dean felt weak, a weakness he perversely loved because it was on account of Cas. Because Cas was the only one strong enough to hold him. He found his own shoulders leaning back on the pillar, beam meeting flush with the line of his spine, needing the support to stay upright. His hands tangled in the fabric of Cas’ t-shirt, pulling it tight at his waist.
“I haven’t seen them,” said Cas. “I stand guard at the door. They must have done something very terrible. In the years I’ve served this duty, no one has come to visit them.”
“What’s eating you up?” Bobby asked.
Cas. It hit him all over again, just like it had not five minutes before. He didn’t have to keep things bottled up. He didn’t have to hide things anymore. It was a habit he’d kept for so long he didn’t know how to break it.
“I’m guessing you’re up for it?”
“Not something I’m likely to forget,” Young Dean answered. He started to walk slowly in the opposite direction from their older selves, hands in the pockets of his jeans. “You’re not you. I gotta keep my hands to myself.”
“I’m surprised you like this show,” Sam said at the end of the first season.
“Not likely,” said Rachel. “But hey.” She circled her fork above her plate. “At least I have pie.”
“Look like you could use it,” Bobby said.
“Aren’t you glad he’s here?” said Dean. “I mean, aren’t you just tickled fucking pink to have the boy hero on our side? Man, where would we be if he’d listened to us and stayed in his own time?”
Cas came down the last of the stairs, groceries easily borne in one elbow. “Is Past-Cas here?”
» for those who would like to see it, here is the “
“No, he— I think something might be up with him,” said Dean. “He seem off to you guys?”
“If I can borrow some wheels from Bobby, I can come today,” said Dean. “Might be late when I get in. I’ll give you another call when I leave.”
“If we’re talking hurtin’, I wouldn’t worry about my words,” said Dean.
Young Dean had to pause before he answered: the third sister was insistently passing him the moonshine once more. He looked distraught, having no way of declining when manners were everything to folk like these. He took the bottle, raised it to his lips for another drink, and passed it on.
“That’s not the Cas he was after,” said Dean.
“I won’t make promises we both know I can’t keep,” said Dean.
“No,” said Young Dean. “I took out this
Dean fought just to reel away. His chances of striking back diminished to nothing, if he’d ever had a chance at all. He only hoped now to lessen the blows. Curling in on himself, crowding against the side of the car. It was uncharacteristic of him, feeling like a display of cowardice, and it didn’t stop John from delivering kick, after kick, after… Dean didn’t, couldn’t, count. At some point it stopped. At some point John simply wasn’t there. It was just Dean, spitting blood onto the faded parking lines.
Dean paused the movie, “You know what? I don’t want to watch this tonight. I’m going to get some popcorn pick something out- and no chick flicks.”
“Sorry. It’s going to take awhile to adjust to you being human.”
Chapter Seven: Babies.
Sam’s POV
I’m sorry. I didn’t know. How’d he pass?”
Closing his eyes he tries to hear other peoples prayers, nothing happens. Then, he tries to teleport them to the bedroom.
Cas smiles at Dean warmly, “Thank you Dean.”
“Okay, put it in the basket, and yeah buddy. I have a tape in the car by them, we’ll listen to it on the way home if you want. I think the song you’re talking about is on there.”
“Oh right, for a minute I forgot what I was doing here, um there’s an alpha vamp a couple of towns over and I didn’t have much research on it, and I couldn’t find anything online so I figured I should try the old archive.”
Sam fell asleep shortly after the second season and Amanda had begun to feel tired herself so she woke up her friend and told her she needed to go home. She then woke up Sam and thanked him for inviting them, asking him how they could leave, he got up and showed them the way out. Before she left Amanda hugged Kevin goodbye and gave him a firm look before telling the prophet he had better text her. “Looks like you weren’t Kevin Solo after all” Sam said after returning. Dean however was still caught up in the show and had barely moved at all. The nap had done him good earlier and he didn’t want to move, Cas on the other hand began to stir as if he was uncomfortable. Cas stirred beneath the hunter and removed himself, and he missed the warmth so he paused the show. “Babe, what are you doing?” “I’m tired Dean, and although I like your lap as a seat it is not a good place to sleep for the night.” “Do you want to go to bed?” “Yes but you’re clearly caught up in the show, I’ll just move to make myself comfortable.” “Guys, we’re still here” Sam said before standing by the couch. “Cas is tired, you can sit on the floor, besides you were literally asleep a couple of minutes ago.” “I know, I was just telling you not to scar Kevin for life, he’s still young” he said laughing at his own joke. “Dude, Cas is asleep, he’s just stretched out.” Stretched out with his head in his hunter’s lap that was. Kevin shrugged he was too caught up in the show to care about the PDA, “I don’t care, I have enough room. Go to bed Sam you get all angry moose when you’re tired.” The youngest Winchester rolled his eyes before heading to his bedroom. Dean unpaused the show and stroked Cas’s hair as he watched the mid-season finale.
“I didn’t know that was a bad thing Dean, I’m sorry.” He frowns and hands Dean the remote.
” Sealing their lips together for a sweet kiss he strokes his angel’s dark hair.
Confused he nods, “Yeah, how’d you know?”
For once in his life he was actually looking forward to school where as Dean was clearly dreading it. “Dean? Dean.” Shaking his head of his thoughts the older Winchester groaned. “What?” “We’re here, we’ve been here for at least ten minutes, and I need some money for lunch.” “Oh uh yeah sure thing. Sorry Sammy.” “Just go talk to him Dean.” “I don’t know what you’re talking about, go to class.” Rolling his eyes he left the Impala, and headed to class. Thankfully he shared his first period class with Jessica. She was so beautiful with her curly blonde hair and dark blue eyes and those lips ugh. Realizing he would soon have a problem if he didn’t stop thinking about her he instead thought about how nice she was to him and how her smile lit up the room. “Sam! Over here!” Jessica waved at him from her desk and motioned for him to sit beside her. “Hey Jess, what’s up?” She shrugged “Not much just getting ready to learn about some dead people. You?” “I thought I would kill some deer, maybe an elephant or two.” “You’re funny Sam Winchester.” “Thanks” he said smiling at the girl. The teacher finished his lesson and the bell rang signaling the end of class. “See ya later” he said leaving Jess behind. “Sam wait! We can walk to class together.” “Oh yeah sure, what class do you have?” “Literature, you?” “Religious studies.” “Great! There right next door.” Smiling sweetly she grabbed his hand. “This okay?” “People will think we’re dating.” “So?” “Oh uh nothing.” He held her hand as he walked to his next class making sure he didn’t pass his brother on the way. Cas was a different story, he passed the short dark haired teen who was dressed in his usual attire. “Hey Cas” he waved at him and was surprised when he got a wave back.  “Who’s that?” “Oh that’s Castiel Novak, he’s pretty cool. He’s a friend of Dean’s.” “Oh he seems nice.” “He is.” When they reached their destination she smiled at him again, “thanks for walking me to class. I’ll see you at lunch?” He nodded and she hugged him quickly before going into her class room.
“Oh yeah, he kept in touch, I’m sure he would have been around more, but like I said my Mom wasn’t a fan so… But we would spend Father’s Day together and one time he was working on something in my town and I saw him and demanded he let me help. And ever since then I’ve been stuck in this ‘family’ business.”
*Dean’s POV*
“Exactly. Goodbye Dean.”
“You are not a burden. I never want to hear you say that ever again. Where is all of this coming from?”
“Goodnight Dean.”
Sam had called multiple times and he knew that he would be understanding about the situation, but still concerned.
“There was, you recall, quite a lot to cover,” Castiel said.
“I got a broken nose, Cas,” Dean said. He’d had much worse, of course, but with Cas at full power there wasn’t any reason to be a martyr.
“There’s going to be an angel,” said Sam. “
“I have something,” said Eli. “But it doesn’t make any sense to me. I can show you, though.”
Young Dean nodded his head, slowly smiling. “Well, I can’t blame you for that,” he said. He dipped his head a touch, his expression at once beguiling and playful. “I am very, very kissable.”
.” He pulled out a photo with soft, feathered corners from having been held so often. “In fact, she deserves most of the credit for what I told you today. She’s the one who got Father Juárez to take me seriously.”
He didn’t hear, but sensed the movement ahead of him. A figure half-visible through the shadows and the hanging fronds of the tree. Picking a cautious path forward, raising an elegant hand to push aside the willow leaves like a curtain.
“I don’t see why
, a beautifully turned phrase and a valuable piece of advice for all of us: “How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives. What we do with this hour, and that one, is what we are doing.”
Dean hadn’t entirely forgotten that Crowley could be such an aggravating bastard, but it was something different to see him back in full swing.
“But the vessel,” said Dean. “The blood of the vessel from this time could link you to the vessel in the future.” Dean looked down at the ground between them. “At least, that’s what Cas said.”
“Right,” said Sam. “There are a lot of things that have arbitrary cut-offs. Drinking’s one. Apparently a lot of trust funds don’t activate until 21 or 25, even 30.”
“And here I thought we were having a moment,” said Young Dean.
Young Dean set his jaw and gave a slow nod of his head. It was a question he hadn’t asked, but not something he hadn’t thought about. He assumed that over the course of twenty-two years he’d have lapsed sometimes. Nothing serious and all in secret, but surely he wouldn’t deny himself something he wanted badly enough. But no, Dean of the future bore his desire in silence. Or, perhaps it was better to say, he decisively ignored it.
“I meant Young Dean,” said Sam.
“Can’t you angel-heal this, Cas?” Young Dean asked.
to work. He’d learned and felt and experienced too much to lose it all again. He remembered everything, yet the world was just as he left it. From this point on, though, everything would be new. He’d earned this future.
“I’ll try to stop.”
Instead of the haunted silver woods of Tír na nÓg, Dean stood in the coolness of a familiar gorge. Water ran over rock and birdsong carried through the trees, but there was no one here besides him and Cas.
“It should have been very insignificant. The place I guard is not beautiful. There are many superficial faults in the walls and foundation. I do not believe they want the prisoner to see what is beautiful.”
. In a minute he’d hear Cas’ voice in his head, or the sound of angel wings would disturb the dirt around him, or some answer would appear in goddam skywriting in the clouds. Instead the silence mocked him. Just the sweep of wind through the tops of bare tree branches. Some old pigeons rattling around and cooing in the rafters of the shed.
Laughter, soft and high like a cackling fox, again from his left. He kept pacing as he turned, taking a few slow, backwards steps and keeping to his intended path. He tried to follow that sound of laughter with his gaze as it circled him, but there was nothing to see. It faded out, then sounded once more from further ahead on the path, more robust, more voices. He saw a movement of shadows and again turned to follow it, turned on the spot not to lose it. His last counter-clockwise turn completed.
Young Dean groaned again, standing up and pressing the heels of his palms against his eyes as he paced away. “Well
That was as far as he got into introductions.
Jack surged forward to hug Dean, not so weak as he looked a moment ago. It nearly knocked the breath from Dean, the fervour in that hug. The purity. He wrapped his arms around Jack tightly in turn.
Dean kicked back his Thrall, and Young Dean used the split moment in time to cut Dean’s hands free. “Go to Eileen,” Dean ordered, but Young Dean was already on it.
“Acceptable?” said Dean, head whipping to look at Cas. “In that case…” He dragged Cas’ plate across the table to sit in front of himself. Cas immediately picked up the plate to get it out of Dean’s range, body half turning.
The other heads in the room turned to Past-Cas, helplessly frozen.
“Oh. I don’t know,” said Rachel, her hungry eyes taking in the whole case.
He was no longer alone. Cas slowly lifted his head, the rising brim of his hat revealing him with cinematic suspense. The dark stubble of his jaw, the pink of his curiously parted mouth, the shaded blue of his eyes.
“Dad lets me drive the Impala?”
“Second,” Young Dean went on, “just ask him about Ronnie.”
Past-Cas stood back thoughtfully, arms folded across his middle, in an unconsciously artful contrapposto. A sweet-scented breeze carried through the orchard and ruffled his loosely buttoned shirt. His face, always so seriously set, added to the impression he might have been carved from marble. He was as ageless and otherworldly as he’d ever been, so unlike the puppyish vitality of the younger Dean they discussed.
“It was never real,” said Young Dean. “Dean, I don’t want to live without him. I can’t.”
Ugh. “Dude, no that is a chick flick.” “Dean, I read nothing of chickens in the summary. It is entailed to be one of ‘America’s Number One Movie’. Also I like the music.” Soft music was filling the room and birds were flying above the water. “Fine. But if you start crying, you’ll have to crawl to your room.” A victorious smile lands on the angel’s face, and eats his burger as it opens up to a senior citizen center.
. You arrogant, stubborn hunter. All you do is sacrifice yourself selfishly expecting the people who love you to go along with it. And now that everything is fine, you screw it all up because you can’t handle the fact that I LOVE YOU. Me. Castiel. A
Castiel’s POV
. He recognizes it they’re walking across Abbey Road, and he can’t help but laugh at the angel.
“It’s a tv show. I thought Metatron filled your head with all the stories and all that jazz.”
“But-.”
Wrapping his arms around his angel he sighs in bliss, “I don’t know if it’s all real or if this is just some cruel joke that Crowley is playing, and I don’t really care. I’m going to bask in this while I can, and if it gets ruined then so be it, until then I’m going to relax with my boyfriend.”
All these questions buzzed around in his mind as he ran.
When he woke up the next morning he had the biggest headache ever and no memory of what had happened past eating pie poolside. Looking down at his clothes he saw that he was now in his pajamas and smelled like his shampoo. “Good morning Dean. How are you feeling?” “Like hell.” “I’m sorry honey, liquor has the tendency to do that. You were throwing up for most of the night before you passed out.” “Oh, don’t apologize I shouldn’t have drank so much. Did you put these pajamas on me?” “Yes, after I cleaned you up. I knew you wouldn’t want the bedroom to smell, so I bathed you. I uh hope you don’t mind.” “Of course not, you’re so sweet. Thank you for taking care of me babe.” “For better or worse right?” “Right. Now only if this headache would go away.” “Are you suggesting you angelic boyfriend removing this headache?” Grinning he shrugged his shoulders, “maybe.” Cas grabbed his face and kissed him before pulling away with an eck. “What?” “Your breath is horrible.” “Wow, angels and words.” “I’m told I’m not one to mince words. That’s what Crowley said when I told him to beat it last night.” Getting up he went to the bathroom to brush his teeth. “Where are you going?” “To brush my teeth so my blunt angel of a boyfriend will kiss me without going eck.” He heard the bed creak, and felt a head against his back. “Don’t pout, it’s not like it’s a habit of yours to have bad breath, it’s just the liquor, pie, and burgers together don’t mix well.” “Obviously not” he said after spitting out the tooth paste water. Strong arms turned him around before feeling chapped lips on his own. When they pulled away his headache was gone and his sour mood was gone. “So how wasted did I get last night?” “Completely. I can show you if you’d like.” “Depends, was it humiliating?” “No it was incredibly cute and hilarious. See for yourself.” Closing his eyes as he felt fingers touch his forehead he saw him and Cas in the pool. Clearly he was very drunk because his angel was having to hold him up. Crowley was in the corner in a chair laughing at him, now he was singing promiscuous girl, and oh god he was so embarrassed. Upon removing his fingers Dean sighed, he couldn’t even look at his boyfriend now. “Dean look at me.” When he finally looked at his favorite blue eyes he saw a mischievous glint in them “And their like I raised you from hell, their like I raise you from hell. Na Na Na. The angels are waiting. My milkshake brings all the angels to the yard.” He looked down again before huffing, “I am never drinking ever again.” “Oh come on, I liked the song. I found it very amusing.” “Yell well” he mumbled walking away. “I made breakfast” the angel said snapping his fingers. “No you zapped it, it’s not the same thing.” “Honey don’t be upset I was only teasing.” “I’m not babe, I’m just kind of I don’t know. This was our last rendezvous.” “It doesn’t have to be. Settling down doesn’t mean no fun honey.” “Always seemed like it in my book.” “We don’t have fun? Alright hold on. We’re going to have some fun.” “What are you doing?” He was pulling off his shirt and pulling down his pants, “Come on, I’m giving you what you want.” Realizing his angel meant pool sex he beamed, “No. Seriously?!” “Yeah if that’s what it takes to get you out of your mood then yes.” “I’m down. I’m going to pout more often if it gets me hot pool sex.” “Don’t plan on it freckles.” Freckles, he liked that. Finishing quickly before Sam and Gabe came over they went back inside to eat breakfast.
Shortly after Cas left he felt bad for not going after him, but that was too chick flick for him. Cas said it was fine so it must be fine. He tried to go to sleep but all he could see was Cas's sad eyes as he told him he was going to sleep in his own room. Finally falling asleep all he saw was darkness, he woke up and found the familiar outfit on the floor. Cas had left his clothes in here, he picked them up and took them to the main room. In the kitchen he saw Sam eating cereal next to Kevin who was snoring lightly with his head on the table. Cas must still be in bed, because he wasn't there. "Mornin." "Hey look who's finally up. You slept a lot longer than usual." "Yeah well I couldn't sleep that much last night." "Dude gross." "Will you shut up with that shit?" Just as he said that Kevin woke up and scratched his head before saying "Hey Dean. You were asleep when they got home yesterday." "Yes, I know. Drop it. Prophet boy." He chuckled and fixed himself some coffee before handing Dean a mug, "looks like you could use some food." "Yeah, is there any cereal left?" "Yeah. Here." Pouring himself some cereal he tried not to think about Cas's sad eyes last night as he left his room. His thoughts were quickly dismissed when he heard the angels deep voice say "Good morning." Immediately he noticed Cas was no longer wearing his clothes but his own old outfit. "Morning Cas." he said trying to smile at the angel.  "Dean." was all he said before sitting next to Sam. Since when did Cas sit next to Sam? The angel always sat next to him regardless of what was happening with them. He tried to let it go but couldn't something was definitely wrong with the angel. "Cas you okay?" "Fine." Damn he was being short this morning. He looked at Cas closely for any signs of what was troubling him but found nothing other than some stubble on his face and dark bags under his eyes. That was his fault, instead of bitching last night he should have just shut his mouth and let the angel sleep with him but instead he threw a hissy fit. "Sam would you like to hang out later?" Sammy raised his eyebrows and looked at his brother, before shrugging "Um sure. Why not. What did you have in mind?" "Well now that I'm human I was thinking about watching some TV or maybe going out somewhere to see what humanity is all about." "Okay, Dean, Kevin? You guys coming?" Kevin spoke up "Can't I'm still trying to figure out what Crowley did with my Mom. I don't think he actually killed her but we'll see. Thanks for inviting me though." "Dean?" Sam said looking at his brother. Cas interrupted him before he could reply, "Dean can't come." "Why not?" "No no it's okay Sammy, I've got some stuff to do anyways. You two have fun." Cas grimaced and looked away with a scowl. "Okay I don't know what's going on but I'm uncomfortable so later." Kevin said walking away. Sam cleared his throat in agreement and patted Cas's shoulder before leaving the kitchen. "Cas you need to eat." "I know." he said before looking for food. Dean decided he would redeem himself to the angel and so he got up and fixed the angel a bowl of cereal. "Here Cas. There good you'll like them." "I'm not hungry anymore." was all he said before walking away. What the hell. He finished his cereal and the cereal he fixed for Cas before leaving to find Sam. "Sammy." "In here." Sam was putting on his jacket "Where you going?" "Cas said he wanted me to go with him to get something to eat." Seriously? Now he knew the angel was mad at him, fine. Two can play at that game. He just wished he knew what he had done wrong. Hell what hadn't he done wrong. So often was he mean to the angel and nonchalantly put off telling him about his feelings for him that the angel began to be hurt by it. He never knew, he always thought angels were emotionless so he could take it. No, he knew better than to push away the one person who wasn't family who cared for him so much. Cas hated Dean, but he deserved it, it fueled the self hatred he already had inside. "Have fun" he said before seeing that Sam had already left.
“Dammit. They’ve changed everything.”
“I am so sorry. I didn’t know.”
Moments passed in silence...
“Pizza sounds good.”
“I’ll think about it.”
“Right. Dumbass teenagers with no house training. Here, wear these” he says handing him a pair of jeans. “I don’t know if they’ll fit, but if they don’t I’ll give you a belt to wear.”
Fragile and soft hands were in his hair, pushing it away from his face. She pulled his face up to look at her squarely.
Dean rubs the back of his neck with his free hand, “
appears across the screen and Dean immediately gets up and shakes his head.
“Wait, how did you know it stole my grace?”
“Hey do you know where the quad is?” No answer. Trying again he thought of something better to say, “I’m new and I don’t really know where anything is.” Once again there was no answer. “Name’s Dean. You must be Cas, I sat in your seat by mistake earlier.” This time the boy looked up and he was instantly speechless. Damn, if he wasn’t the hottest person in here and nobody had even spoken to him besides Dean. He had these gorgeous eyes and some stubble on his face, but was dressed in an odd way. Cas was wearing a dark blue sweater and black dress pants with dark frames on his face. “Hello Dean, sorry if I was being unknowingly rude by not acknowledging you like everybody else but I was occupied. Also, my name is Castiel. Please do not call me Cas.” Dumbfounded he couldn’t help but stare, the voice that escaped his mouth was deep and soothing. Trying to find his words he heard the other boy mumble “Sorry I didn’t mean to be rude, it’s just you are all anybody has talked about all morning and I’ve grown tired of it.” “I’m sorry I didn’t know, I just uh. Never mind.” “Don’t apologize. But please don’t call me Cas.” “Why not?” No answer. On his way out of the class he was stopped by Cas, “its better if we’re not friends. Nobody has ever called me Cas before and seeing how nicknames mean friendship I forbid it. You should stay away from me Dean Winchester.” So he did know who I was, but why did he want me to stay away from him? “Why can’t we be friends? I don’t bite.”
“The bunker is reasonably chilly so I think it is suitable to wear. What do you think?” He’s holding a blue sweater with black stripes, it suits him, and he can’t lie.
Normally, he would take care of it, but he couldn’t do that with Cas in the same bed. Especially not when the dude was
“Easier that way, I don’t want you spilling stuff everywhere and getting sticky, that is no picnic my friend.” The substance is very sticky so he understands why the hunter wouldn’t want it to be all over, even though it was delicious.
“Why not?”
*Knock Knock*
“I forgot to buy some… I hope you don’t mind.”
“No.” It was but he didn’t want to tell him that.
. Great he loved learning about grammar and other pointless stuff he didn’t need. Walking into the class room he sat down before the teacher could pull the new student act. Thankfully this teacher didn’t seem to care that he was new, and he was more than grateful.
“Never really cared for it, but perhaps I was wrong.” When their waitress arrives with their drinks and
most people. Going back to their table he raises his eyebrows at Dean. “Where’d you go?” “To the john, you keeping tabs now?” “Uh no, after this I’ll be ready to go. Nobody’s really caught my eye just yet.” Sam wants to say something about the bartender but thinks better of it. When Dean finishes his beer they head back to the motel and Sam decides to turn in early, he didn’t get a lot of sleep last night so he decides to try and catch up.
“I don’t know, but I can’t stay here.”
Dean stirs beside him, “You okay?” “Yeah, sorry if I woke you up, I can move a lot better now, so I’m going to go to my room.” “You sure? I would’ve carried you there, but you looked so comfortable sleeping after the credits rolled that I didn’t want to disturb you. I only stayed because my rooms down the hall and I didn’t know if you’d need anything.” Rubbing his face, he nods and swings his legs over to the edge of the couch.
Sam and Dean were asleep and Cas was singing? “Cassie why are you singing?” “Dean enjoys it when I sing, and it helps him to not have nightmares. I would use my powers but they’ll be gone soon and I want to help him anyway I can.” “That’s sweet. So a musical is what dropped I love you bombshell huh? Interesting.” “Yes, but I was planning on telling him soon anyways. I just didn’t know how, Dean can be unpredictable at times, so I wasn’t 100 % sure that he would return those feelings. When he did, I was never happier. I’m just glad that you found the same thing.” “Sammy is the best thing I never had. I’m just glad he wasn’t upset about my new vessel and my spying on him. I just couldn’t leave it be, I had to know how he turned out. After that I just kind of fell for him, but you know how that could be.” He was still singing but stopped a moment to reply, “Yes, I do indeed. So how are you going to have the baby in five months? It usually takes nine to deliver a human baby.” “Well I don’t know if you forget what angelic powers up to charge can do but I know fully well, and it will only take that long to pop out the perfect baby. Now do you want a girl or a boy or both?” “Um what? Both? You can make two? I’ll have to discuss this with Dean first. I don’t want to make any rash decisions.” Good thinking, he would have to learn how to do that with Sammy. “Okay well I’m going to get gigantor into bed here so he doesn’t have a crick in his neck. Goodnight.” “Goodnight brother.” He picked up Sam and took him to their room, but on the way there he woke up. “What are you doing? Are you carrying me?” “I didn’t want you to get a crick in your neck.” “Oh, thanks babe. It’s just a little odd being carried by you in your new vessel.” Laughing he put Sam down, “I know it’s odd but I still have angelic strength you sexist.” Knowing that Gabe was joking he chuckled and settled in before pulling him down in his arms, with Harry and Lucky at their feet. Soon he was back to sleep and Gabe couldn’t help but wonder about what Cassie had said. Did Sam ever have nightmares? He didn’t know, but he would find out. Touching his fingers to Sam’s forehead he peeked into his dream, Sam was sitting at a table with Gabe beside him, Cassie and Dean were holding a small child that looked exactly like them. When Gabe got up he was round with pregnancy, they were talking about the new baby. Guess Dean and Cassie did want more than one, but Sam was talking as if it was their baby this time. Sam wanted kids? He never knew, and now he was sort of terrified. Being brought back to the dream when he heard Lucky bark he laughed. How did the dogs make it into the dream, he would never know. They were all a happy family now, and suddenly in the dream it was Thanksgiving and Dean was wearing a ridiculous pink frilly apron. Guess that was their house, because he was bringing out a turkey with Cas behind him with a pecan pie. “Sammy do you want to carve the turkey? I have to help with the baby.” “Sure Dean. Thanks.” Cas put the pie down and picked up the toddler, before beginning to sing to it. Dean smiled in delight and sat down with his family. So this is what Sam dreamed about? Apple Pie life settling down with him? Looked like a pretty nice life, he decided he wanted it to become reality.
“I know you don’t feel the same way. Just go away. Leave me the fuck alone already so I can move on and get over you.” It’s the last thing he says as he storms past the hunter with his duffle bag in his hand.
“Dude, what the fuck?”
There wasn’t anything to say. While he was grateful to be out and back from the Empty, being human was not what he expected. How long would it be until he was deemed to be a burden and get kicked out like he was last time? Without his powers, what was he to the Winchesters?
Cas ran towards the real Dean and looked at him. “Dean?”
She smiled and kissed him quickly before pulling away to sign “Come back to bed.”
“I wasn’t questioning that part. Why are you going that way? You can sleep in my bed.”
Waiting patiently on the bed, he raises his arms waiting expectantly for Dean to pick him up. “What did I say about not getting used to this?” “If I could find some strength to muster a sarcastic reply I would, but I can barely move Dean. Please?” Looking into the blue eyes of his best friend he can’t help but agree. Cas wraps his arms around Dean’s neck, and he lifts the angel’s legs up to carry him. “All aboard. Where to sir?” “The kitchen preferably.” “Right.” When they make it to the kitchen Sam is waiting expectantly sitting at the bar, with a smirk on his face. “What’s so funny?” “Oh, nothing. What’s for dinner? Also, can I get a copy of the schedule for the Dean Train? If you’re offering up rides, we could make a lot of money. A lot of people would pay to ride that train. Crowley especially.” If awards were given for the best bitch face of all time, Dean would win first place with Cas close in second. “Sam, while you may be too immature to understand, Dean is a good friend, and he is simply helping me move about, if you would like to offer up your services to help him, then so be it. Until then,
trying to get to Allie. After the nurse goes downstairs, he finds Allies room and goes inside. Bad move man. You’re gonna get busted. “Noah?” Guess not. They hold hands and fall asleep peacefully. “I’ll be seeing you.” The song plays. They’re dead. Not even caring that he broke his own rule, he cries openly. Cas is a weeping mess beside him, and he pulls the angel into his side. “Why the hell did you make me watch that? These things are supposed to end
he was growling in the angels ear and if it hadn't been for a banging down the stairs they would have fucked right then and there. "Dean, we need to hurry up and get over to Colby, there's 2 more vics, and I checked them just last night. This has to be an alpha. Cas can use an electric shaver or something just hurry up." His brother was going to give him blue balls, he was sure of it. Not that they actually existed, but he was looking forward to bending his angel over in the shooting range. Truth be told it was a wild fantasy of his. "Dean, it's okay. We can continue this afterwards." Grunting he agreed, they couldn't waste anymore time, people were dying after all. Luckily, Cas had already packed for the two of them. "Fine, come on, he wasn't kidding about the beard. Though I hate to see it go, afterwards you can grow some of it back for me eh?" The angel nodded and held his hand as they made there way upstairs to the bunker shower room. "Alright babe, while shaving with an electric razor is easier, it can still cut up your face so be careful, here let me show first okay?" Once it was on he caressed his angels face and gently slid it down his face to his neck. "We don't have enough time to do the whole thing so I'm going to just trim it a bit." When they finished Dean was in a hurry to load up and hit the road. Sam and Cas came to a road block when they realized they both planned on sitting up front but Sam was nice and let him have it. "We can swap out, deal?" "Deal." Truth be told Sam didn't want to get into a wreck because Dean was too busy looking in the rear view mirror trying to see his boyfriend. Metallica blared through the impala's speakers and the angel internally groaned, he loved Dean but his music choices were too heavy for his taste at the moment. He wanted to listen to more mellow music, "Honey? Do you ever listen to anything else?" "Yeah I have some AC-DC tapes in the back, or some Skynard if you want. Ooh Whitesnake maybe?" Cas shook his head "No I meant-never mind I know the family rules. Driver picks the music, shotgun shuts his cake hole." Listening to Metallica wasn't Sam's favorite part of the case either but he had an iPod. "Sam? Sam?" Realizing he was being addressed he unplugged the iPod. "Yeah Cas?" "Where did you get your music pod?" He laughed at the angel, "it's an iPod, what, you don't like Metallica??" Not wanting to upset Dean he just shrugged, "Babe, if you don't like it you can tell me. I won't mind. We have different tastes in music, that's okay." Smiling he nodded "No, I like them alright, but sometimes there too intense for my liking, I like more mellow stuff. Like the Beatles, or Mariah Carey." He focused on the road but nodded, "I have a Beatles tape back there, Mom used to uh sing us there songs when we were little. I like them too."
“When you’re not on this Earth, I don’t see why I’d stay,” said Cas. “You’re the reason I’m here. And the only thing that would make me return to Heaven is you.”
“Not lying.”
Young Dean rubbed his wrist against his forehead, then went back to whisking the pancake batter. “Look, I know I’m not one to talk right now?” He began to pour out pancakes into the hot pan. “But you guys had the most fucked-up and frustrating path to romance.” He set some of the used dishes in the sink. “I wanna know what you would’ve done about it if I hadn’t given you the kick in the ass you needed.”
Past-Cas was still inclined to maintain that intense poker-face, but those words broke a reaction. The smile hit his eyes first, then he bowed his head faintly as if to disguise the curve at his mouth. “Then that’s enough for me,” he said. “I’ll follow you wherever you go.”
“So you think you left some kind of mark on him?” Dean asked.
You could say that Jack shot first.
“Alright, alright, that’s enough. You made your point,” said Young Dean, pushing at Sam’s shoulder. “Well, guys? What’s our game plan now? I was counting on the Grail, but if the angels are scared of you, Cas, can you just go up and bully them?”
“I don’t understand,” he announced to the car. “I was a good soldier.”
This clearly annoyed Cas. Dean remembered the feeling. Meeting another version of yourself was extraordinarily unpleasant. Dean had been soundly beaten in a sparring match by his older self and still held it against… himself.
“Prove it,” said Sam. “Prove you time travelled.”
Cas stepped slowly back, his knife disappearing back into his sleeve. In a blink, Cas stood beside Dean once more, the heavy displeasure of his glare still aimed at Crowley.
“This is coming from you? This sounds like a me idea.”
“Oh, I want to help,” said Amara. “But you’ve got to meet me halfway. You’re a man who’s not used to wanting anything. You’ve taught yourself not to. Even in this place where so many human wishes can be granted. Do you know why you figured it out so quickly? Because you didn’t want
The driver’s door opened. A hand reached in and grabbed the nape of his jean jacket. John had always been a strong man. He had the advantage in position. He hauled Dean, thrashing, out of the car. His hip hit against the pavement, his legs still momentarily caught inside the footwell of the car. Dean never had a chance to get on his feet. Rough tarmac scraped beneath his palms as he tried to scrabble up. For a dumb, bare second, when his father’s hand grasped his shoulder, he reached out in turn with an open hand as if John only wanted to help him up. Then John’s right fist cracked into his jaw, but he was still holding Dean up to take another hit, and another.
“Sure it’s my business. I’m you. And I’m the one who got you together. So it’s double my business. I just wanna know what we have to look forward to. You know what they say: angel in the streets, demon in the—”
“You think you’re afraid of Hell?” Dean asked with a bitter laugh. “Oh, Hell’s bad enough. I’ve been there. But that won’t have nothin’ on walking this earth after sentencing your own daughter to die.”
“You aren’t saying anything, Dean,” John said, a dangerous note creeping into his voice. “I don’t take that as a good sign.”
“And Sam came back,” said Cas, nimbly circling back to that point. “Even if it wasn’t easy to have him gone.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas eyed him warily for a moment, but he evened out his shoulders and continued. “The Arimaspoi we’re looking for has something we need, a special weapon that will help us in another, different fight that you don’t need to worry about right now.”
“I wanted to see,” said Young Dean.
“I’m back at square one with finding Cas,” said Young Dean. “That Grail was the last of my grand ideas. I thought I’d be going back with the answer.”
Cas’ lips pressed into a line, thinking hard. “It’s difficult to know how to explain in a way you’d understand. If I were so commanded, I could take you to the past, but not to the future. My future self, whatever he is, can travel here, but not beyond his own time.”
“A home base, all protected, all these fancy books and macguffins around you, then whatever shit that comes up with.” He gestured at Sam’s laptop. “What happened to really
Essie stepped over to Dean’s side as Reid started to mix together the items for the spell. He brought his own snake-fang, it seemed, alongside the jar of… Dean looked deliberately towards Essie.
Cowboy hat on, making that stupid fucking face he made in pictures where he was too excited but thought he looked cool. If it were 2020 and Dean knew about Deep Fakes he might have some questions, but in 1998 he didn’t have an easy explanation.
Young Dean nodded, taking in a deep breath to even out the pace of his heart.
“You’re nominating me?” Jody asked. “Not that I’m complaining of a break.”
“What are you gonna do about it?” said Cas.
“We don’t have to summon it,” said Amara. “It couldn’t come to Earth without an invitation, but it’s another thing entirely to send something there.”
“Whoa, what the hell?” said Dean.
“Oh shut up,” said Young Dean. “It’s your face too.”
The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly. Maybe it couldn’t be divided up so neatly. Maybe that was the problem with Heaven and Hell. Those days when Dean looked at John and thought he didn’t belong here in Heaven with the righteous, the pious, the kind-of-heart, he still couldn’t wish him down in Hell either. Even for himself, Dean didn’t feel he deserved some holy place in Heaven: the good he’d done on Earth counterbalanced with more anger and violence than a man should rightfully meet in life. Yet neither of those extremes felt like the right answer.
Sam shrugged a shoulder then answered, “This is Sam.”
“Plus. It’s Cas,” said Young Dean. It shut Dean up again at once. “I know I— I’ve known him for a few hours, total. And I don’t pretend I have any idea what you’ve been through with him. But there’s something else about him, man.” Young Dean’s voice almost quivered, fighting the inability to express just what it was. “Like just standing near him is grounding and calm and electric all at once. I keep wanting to make up excuses to talk to him, just to be around him. Nothin’ else. Just that the whole room seems a little bigger and brighter when he’s in it.”
It was at that moment that a golden seam opened in the corner of the library. Dean jerked his head up from the tumbled array of boxes.
“How about you don’t worry about it?” said Dean. “You stalling?”
“Still,” said Dean. “I wouldn’t mind being able to check up on you. Even if it is just to see you’re doing good. Hell, even more, if that’s the case.” Dean looked over his shoulder at the twin angels. “You and him, though. You’re gonna be good to each other. I know that. Whatever else happens.”
“I don’t know if I even have hope anymore,” Young Dean admitted. “I’ve tried and I’ve tried. Every damn option available to me. No risk I wouldn’t take, and I got nowhere.”
Young Dean took his drink of moonshine and didn’t say anything. Perhaps drunkenness made his mind flexible, or perhaps creating a world fundamentally altered his perspective, but he looked at the third hag, eyes half-lidded and unfocused, and answered, “Here. Where I am.”
that comes with living in the world. I have to accept that love does not solve every problem. Love won’t save us from grief or failure. Only, it will be there through it.”
“I’ve only just started,” Young Dean promised.
“Last time I walked the Earth, these monsters inhabited only the Outer Carpathians,” said Past-Cas. “Or so I heard.”
“That’s good,” said Young Dean. “I don’t think I do so hot without you around.”
Past-Cas had been the one to seek out the grafted tree in a large apple orchard, miles from anyone who might disturb them. It was a couple hours’ drive from Carmel, but they needed the Impala with them. Once Young Dean enacted the spell, Past-Cas and his handy teleportation would disappear.
“No,” Young Dean snapped. “We’re killing him.” He looked around at the others. “He’s a mean son-of-a-bitch,” he said. “And he’ll just lure in more Thralls if we don’t end him now.”
“You haven’t offered anything better.”
“How do I earn it?” Young Dean asked.
“I haven’t,” Cas said stiffly, shoulders straightening and jaw jutting out. “It is therefore not important for me to know your name, yet.”
Cas smiled with a faint laugh, turning his head to look at Dean. “I guess that’s the right question,” he said. “You could say we share a birthday.”
“Right,” Dean said awkward. “Uh. Thanks. Bernadette, isn’t it?” He gestured at the mailbox as the source of her name.
“It’s like they’re blooming,” said Jack. “I think it’s the souls. Maybe I have enough grace left over to see it.”
“When did you split from Dad?” Dean asked.
Dean shook his head. “Man, you’re lucky you’re…”
“We’ll we’re gonna fix that up for you,” said Young Dean. “Then it will be your turn to be the unbearable couple.”
“Yeah. Dean.” Sam looked over at his actually-older older brother, then back at Young Dean. “Yeah. Alright. This is weird.”
Dean scratched a hand through his hair, resistant to admit to it. He didn’t want to burden Cas with his suffering. He didn’t want Cas to feel guilty not to have been there for Dean. But this Cas didn’t remember the past, couldn’t argue himself into being responsible for Dean’s misadventures.
“Not ominous,” said Dean. “Continue.”
They searched out weapons, dropping them carelessly to the wood floor. Eileen appeared to do the same. Found Young Dean’s holstered knife and gun and removed them with the same indifferent carelessness. Then her fingers found the clasp on the leather carrying strap of the sword he wore belted across his chest. The buckle was stiff and old and appeared to give her trouble. He gave her a faint nod.
Cas beamed brighter than expected at that, giving one soft, startled laugh. In some ways, this conversation was just like any of their usual banter; it followed the same rhythm and melody, just transposed to a different key. And even Dean, a master of repression, couldn’t deny the warmth that bloomed in his chest at delighting Castiel in such a simple way. The feeling started at his heart and ended up in his smile, in his eyes, affection spilling over the hitherto impervious breakwall.
paperbacks. He looked around at the apartment for the first time. “Oh. This is kinda nice,” he said.
“What do you care?”
“Look, time between universes… It’s complicated to explain. It doesn’t have to be synchronous. Let’s leave it at that.”
“Sounds like I missed a lot,” said Sam.
“Right,” said Past-Cas. “The car-baby. It is…” He looked around the parking lot, where the cars were not necessarily sporty, but certainly more recent. “It is not a very young car, comparatively.”
“It’s ready,” said Amara. “You may want to stand back.”
“Do you want it to be?”
“Aw, I got a little brother that’s fifteen,” said Young Dean. “Wish he was here. He’s a great kid.” But talking about younger Sammy, the one Young Dean really knew, made him feel too strange and wistful, so he forced himself to push away from that line of thought. Focus back on this poor girl having a shitty day and try to make it a little better. “What’s your name?”
“What happened back there?” said Dean. “The girl, is she…?”
“No,” said Young Dean. “I’m barely a teenager anymore. It’s too late, it’s always been too late. I know I have to go back. I’m not going to ruin lives by obsessing over something I never should’ve had.”
He was still a wreck, but he forced his mind into action, pulling himself together enough to say, “I need to sleep, Bobby. I have to fall asleep.”
“I’m not pure,” said Young Dean again. “Maybe there’s stuff you’ve forgotten in your golden years here, all safe and happy in twenty-fucking-twenty. I’m a little closer to it. I know better, who I really am.”
Cas looked at him for a long moment, then at Claire. He seemed to clue into his role and said, “If she were in a building warded against angel sight, I would not be able to locate her.”
“That means a lot,” said Young Dean.
“No,” said Dean. “Just about you. How’d you get here?”
“Yeah. There’s a ghost, but he’s sorta… well-adjusted, for being dead.”
“This task has been ordered to us?” Cas asked.
Bobby wasn’t real. Because Bobby should have been the first one to figure it out. Bobby should have narrowed his eyes at Dean and said, as soon as he arrived, “Haven’t you figured it out yet, idjit, or do I have to spell it out for you? This so-called ‘Heaven’ isn’t even fully baked. Just as well you can’t get sick here, cause this place would be rife with salmonella.” He’d have his evidence wall done up with clippings and string, and he’d say, “Careful where you walk out there. This place is so full of holes it’s a miracle none of us has fallen right through.”
Past-Cas nodded slowly. “Your feelings sometimes contradict the things you do.”
“I would require a vessel,” said Cas. “You aren’t able to see my true form. And to take a vessel requires permission, and paperwork, and someone from the right lineage. It isn’t a lark.”
“Then they wouldn’t be imprisoned,” said Cas.
Cas waited at the doorway, waited until Dean’s door opened then shut again behind him. Waited just in case Dean wanted to say one more thing, draw Cas once more back into their endless orbiting. At last he peeled away from the wall and stumbled to his own room, grace sufficiently depleted from dragging Dean to the present that he welcomed the comfort of bed, of resting his eyes.
Dean shrugged a shoulder, took a pull from his beer. “Not everyone in a bar is twenty-one,” he said.
“It was three years for me,” he said. “Three days in this world.”
“Give me strength,” Sam muttered under his breath, unheard by anyone.
“Cas came back,” said Young Dean.
He could hear the wince over the phoneline. “I lit the car on fire.”
He looked at the other bed, where the sheets were dry and warm and Cas slept in tousled serenity, completely out for the count. He looked comfortable in Dean’s clothes, human in his sleep. He was too tired to overthink it and adjusting the thermostat had been to no effect, so Dean lifted the blanket and slid into the bed. Every sore part of his body thanked him for it.
“I thought you guys were friends with Rowena,” said Young Dean.
Perhaps like me you are tired of suffering and talking about suffering, estàs hasta el pescuezo de sufrimiento, de contra las lluvias de sangre pero no las lluvias de flores (
Dean had to remind himself expressly that this was not Castiel. He found his voice, though it came weak to start: “Hi. Is this Lawry Novak?”
Because that’s what this was. It wasn’t real and it wasn’t Paradise, which meant it was prison. Which meant Chuck wasn’t gone.
“It’s better this way,” Claire said. She wrapped her arms around her knees. “You’re going to return my uncle to the correct time, right?” she said. “What was it, ‘98?”
“Donna and the girls would love this. I mean, Alex is a wimp when it comes to spice, but…”
“What?” said Young Dean.
“Still, it’s very promising.” Crowley’s eyes flicked to Young Dean. “Pity he’ll only have ten years to get there.”
The librarian, a Black woman named Essie with very short curly hair, looked up from her filing. “Griffins?”
Dean didn’t speak out of faith that anything would change. It was only that he couldn’t deny Cas a single request. “I met Holden at a park there,” he said. His voice could barely be heard between them, over the whooping cries of Immortals sighting their prey. “Greener than anywhere I ever been. Old rock, and this big waterfall—”
“I know,” said Dean. “I know, it gets more complicated.” Sam set down his toast again, hands wrapping around his coffee instead. He didn’t lift it to drink, watching Dean carefully instead.
“You fear that you have more volatility than most,” said Past-Cas. “Even if it were true, that would only draw me like a moth to flame.”
“Do I know Crowley? Shit, man.” Dean rubbed a hand across his forehead and looked toward Cas. “What the hell am I supposed to do with this?” he asked.
Young Dean started to curl forward, in on himself, and Cas put an arm around him. A comfort Young Dean would never have known how to ask for. His course shifted, head buried against Cas’ shoulder instead.
Cas passed a hand over the side of Dean's head, hovering just past his ear then settling again. Some kind of angel magic. “He won’t hear you now,” said Cas. Dean went sleeping on.
“You chuckleheads alright back there?” Dean called back.
He had to look back at Betty with her unassuming face, so conservatively unmemorable it would fade into the background. No vicious teeth, no retractable spicula, no smoke or demon eyes. Nothing monstrous to detect, and yet it was dangerous for all of them to be here.
“You think I know?” Dean asked. “What the hell kinda money do you think you have to invest anyway? If you skip laundry for another week you might have a whole extra dollar, high-roller.”
» ch. 3 title reference: “
Cas looked at Dean’s face with a furrowed brow. “You seem very upset,” he said. “Have I done something?”
“We’ve gotta find out more about this angel,” said Young Dean. “If we can get a vessel ready, I think I can convince Cas to come down here.”
Whether he’d tell John all this, he sincerely doubted. But at least Dean knew where he stood and wouldn’t be swayed by the simple power of John’s rage.
There was a sound from the hall, someone muttering and fast feet on the floor. “Cas?” A knock on the door, even if the handle was already turning. “Cas, you up? Teen-Dean’s mi—” Dean cut himself off when Young Dean craned to look over his shoulder.
“You know what, you’re right,” Dean said, surprising everyone, most of all Young Dean, who looked up at him with wide eyes. His bitter edge evaporated. Dean took a sip from his coffee in the protracted silence, then said, “You two will bail on the plan if he gets as much as a scratch on him. But he’s not a kid. We can take the training wheels off.”
sorry, but ya know.
After getting ready for bed he got comfortable on his side. Cas just stood there looking around the room.
“Dean, no.”
Brows furrowed and head tilted, he finally spoke. “You love me?”
“I think I’m going to go to bed, I don’t feel too well. Goodnight Dean.” Frowning he heads back to his room but feels Dean pull on his arm.
brighter than the northern star.
“Yes it does! It’s so nice to meet a fellow tall person, I feel like I’ve known you for years already. So Sam, what do you say we get out of here and hit up the morgue?”
He closed his eyes and tried to ignore the beacon that called out to him so specifically.
Hours later, sure enough they’re at a bar where Dean is downing shots and shots of dark liquid. “You oughtta lighten up Sammy. Drink a little. Jesus” “No Dean, you know alcohol is not the solution to everything.” Rolling his eyes he gets up and walks over to the bar and orders another round. The bar tender is a young man who is eyeing Dean like he’s a Christmas ham.
We can watch gay cowboy movies all day long and eat chocolate pie for breakfast lunch and dinner. I just want you to stay with me forever. Selfish as it sounds, because I’d rather have you cursed or not, remember? I want you whether you’re an angel, human, or whatever else the people upstairs decide they want you to be.
Dean looks at his feet ashamed of what he said, he wanted to tell the angel a million things, but he was a coward.
Dean smiled at his boyfriend, and took in the sight before him. Indigo eyes looked at him with adoration and weariness. Lightly rubbing his thumb along the stubbled jaw to the cheek bone, Cas melts into his hunters touch.
After saying goodnight, Dean directs him to the hallway and comes back with tears in his eyes.
you should be grateful for such an awesome brother." Cas was right but he wasn't going to admit his brother was, he mumbled a sarcastic remark and continued to cook the burgers until they were a good brown on each side. "Alright. Soups on" he said before fixing him and Cas's burger and handing it to his angel before sitting next to him. "Dude. There still in the pan." "You know how to make a burger get to it." "Bitch." "Jerk. You better fix it before they burn, the pan's still hot." "Oh god they are going to be one of those couples, Sam we have to get some chicks in here quickly." "I'm kind of already talking to somebody." "Wait what? Since when?" "This morning." Cas laughed beside him, "Is it the woman who called you cute?" "Yeah she's actually not as young as I thought she was. I did some digging and she's 27. So I texted her and asked if she wanted to go see a movie with me." "Aw little Sammy's finally going to have a girlfriend. How long has it been? Since Ruby? Man, you got to get out more." "Says the man who pined over his best friend for years and did nothing about it until I made you two finally." Taking his angels hand he shook his head "That's not true, I was going to tell him sometime." "I know you would have." Getting lost in the pools of blue he ignored his brother and Kevin's throat clearing noises and kissed his angel sweetly before feeding him some of his burger. "So what's her name Sammy?" "Rachel Smith. She works in that donut shop you like so much." "You guys got donuts without me??" "It was your darling's idea. Not mine." "Sam is the one who suggested it I just assumed it would be okay." Cas was looking as if he was about to be scolded so he squeezed his hand to reassure him "Don't worry I'm not mad at you. Sammy's the one who should be sorry, you on the other hand didn't know any better." "Well I think you should apologize for making me have Game of Thrones paused for so long asshole." Shit, he had completely forgotten about the episode he was watching. "Sorry Kev, hey why don't we have a marathon tonight? Cas has never seen them and I know he'll like it." "I generally like whatever you like Dean." They were sharing a moment again before they were interrupted by Sam "Oh cool! Rachel's a huge fan, we can double date!" "Great, now I really am Kevin Solo, thanks a lot you guys." Feeling bad he sighed "I'm sorry Kev we can find you a date if you want." "That's okay I think I'll just sit in my room and listen to music." "Come on man it won't be so bad! We promise to keep it to a minimal." Sammy was too busy on his phone to chip into the conversation so he kicked him under the table "Oh yeah sure man promise. You should watch it with us." "There won't be enough room for five of us to sit on that couch." Dean already knew of a way to make room, Cas would sit in his lap regardless of how much room they have. Cas smirked when he realized what Dean was thinking about and moved his free hand to Dean's knee under the table. "You guys make me sick. But fine, I'll watch but if either of you guys start to make out I'm out of there. Deal?" "Deal." Sam was smiling a wicked grin and was looking at his phone still. What was he up to?
A quick flash of Dean having a nightmare made him sad for a second when he stopped to think about what was said. Dean Winchester loved him and wanted to be with him.
He sighed and thought of Jack instead. Jack. So young and hopeful. Why wouldn’t he come and rescue him? Perhaps he had offended his adopted son in some way…
She smiles at him and tilts her head before nodding in understanding. “I’ve heard about him, he saved your brother right? No wonder they’re in love. That’s the greatest love story ever told. An angel rescues a human, falls for him, and then falls from heaven for the human. It’s very romantic and beautiful.”
Dean blinked and loosened his grip before looking back at the road.. Again it looked as though he was struggling to speak. “That’s not what I meant. Just give me a moment. I’m no good at these chick flick moments, okay?”
“But that doesn’t explain how you heard me praying?”
Never in the years had he known Dean, had he seen his gorgeous face because his soul shone too brightly and it always blindsided him. When he finally did see it, he stared. Standing before him was Dean, it was true, but he was also very handsome. Light freckles scattered across his face, and his hair was a nice shade of light brown that he suspected he got from his mother. But what really drew him in was his eyes. Those emerald green eyes gave way to just how bright his soul was, and for a moment it was if he was still an angel glancing into the man’s soul.
“Yeah?”
“You need a plant, they’re good for decoration and oxygen.”
A tall blonde woman walks through in jeans and a red plaid flannel. “Oh. Uh sorry, I didn’t know anybody else would be using the Singer Library. I’ll go.”
“Went to get Cas. Be back soon.”
“Sam, thank you. And I don’t know if I would be God per se if I accepted but it would be pretty close, and that’s not the only reason but it is 90% of it, I just couldn’t go back to them looking at me like that either, also Hannah is constantly throwing herself all over me and I hate that because” Sam cut him off.
was gross, because he loved Dean and Dean was a guy. A very handsome one at that. The first time he was human he saw him at the Gas-N-Sip for the first time.
Mouth agape, he shakes his head, “Alright that’s it. Before Sammy gets back you’ll have tasted every type of pie and cake out there. Deal?”
Dean slowed the car and gripped the steering wheel tightly. He was looking out into the distance and opening and closing his mouth a few times before finally saying, “I’m sorry. There was no other way… Maybe we can do some research to get it back, but Cas. I wanted to talk about what you said before..” He looked at him now, green eyes meeting his.
He listened carefully, and suddenly prayers were filling his head once more.
The words are quiet and broken, he almost wishes he didn’t hear it. What could have happened in the dream that he was apologizing for? Dean must have died again, because the angel was tossing and turning in his sleep again. When Sammy used to have nightmares he would sing to him like their mother used to.
two cowboys, but he would find out soon enough.
A deal had been made, that’s what it always came down to. It seemed to be one of the few ways any of the Winchesters showed love. Cas had obviously picked up on this toxic habit and made it his very own swan song.
Lip quivering he nodded, he hated making Dean feel that way, but it was for the best.
When Dean wakes up there is something poking into his thigh.
“You’re right. Thanks Dean. What about this shirt?” Cas says holding up a t-shirt. From the back it’s just black but when he walks around he can see the label on the front.
Chapter Four: It had to be you.
“Oh.”
He grimaces and nods “No of course not, I was just um kidding. I was looking at the rack on this girl.” John laughs and nods giving his son a that a boy.
Once he saw that his brother has survived the tousle he turned his attention back to the
Silence filled the air. Awkward silence. His time as a human was not something he remembered with fondness. It was a cold and depressing time for him.
Dean woke up feeling refreshed, which was a first. He slept more than his usual four hours, but with the Mark of Cain gone, there was a huge burden lifted off of him. He hadn’t felt this good in a very long time, maybe he would make breakfast for Sammy and Cas… If he was still there, he’d never stayed at the bunker too long, always finding a reason to leave. “Cas?” he called out. “Hello Dean”, the angel said appearing inches in front of him, leaving no room for personal space. Dean didn’t waste his breath telling the angel to move, he instead looked at him. Cas looked happy to see Dean, but he could also see that the little grace he had left in him was fading away. Lately he had been showing human traits, growing more and more human every day. Dean chose to ignore the bags under the angel’s eyes and stepped aside, “I’m making some omelets, would you like some?” Cas turned his head in that cute way he did and scrunched his eyebrows, “Dean, I do not feel the need to eat, no. But I would like to help.” The hunter chuckled as he nodded and moved towards the bunkers kitchen. He dug out the eggs, bacon, and cheese for the breakfast and remembered that Sammy would want his damn vegetables in his. They were fresh out. “Dammit”, the older Winchester said as he put the ingredients back in the fridge. “What is the problem? The main ingredient of an omelet is an egg. Do you need another chicken embryo?” Dean just shook his head and chuckled a bit, “No, Sam likes peppers and other veggie junk in his omelet, and he won’t eat it without it.” Cas smiled at Dean proudly, “You’ve been cooking for him for all these years, haven’t you?” He just nodded and grabbed his keys, “I’m going on a run, do you need anything?” he asked stupidly. “No, but I would like to come along if that is okay” the angel said questionably. “Um yeah sure, but have you ever been to a grocery store man?” he asked laughing. “I worked at a Gas-N-Sip while I was human, it contained grocery items.” “No Cas, it’s a store, uh never mind. Sure. Let’s go before I change my mind about cooking.”
Dean chokes on his orange juice but hides it and swallows it down regardless. “Right. So ignoring that. Food. You said you’ve never had pie or cake right? Today you’re going to try them
Something in the air shifted. Something familiar. A beacon called out to him in the same way it always did in his presence.
“I count that as a victory. We should celebrate!”
After they beat Chuck with Jack’s help, he dove into how to win Cas back. The research they had done before to save Jack had disappeared and he was starting to lose hope.
