“I’d say its nothing, but that would be the biggest lie of the century.” She sighed as pushed away from the door to sit on the edge of her bed. “Dean basically made a move on Cas the night at the bar.”
“This is…In four and a half years? It’s an old car. I’m surprised you were able to find everything you needed for it.”
“No I wasn’t. in fact I was beside myself with rage. It took me back to when everything fell apart between us, how mad I was at him for betraying me. The anger didn’t sit well with me, I thought it was over it. I had forgiven him, and myself, but I don’t know. I hadn’t ever expected to see him again and now I’m constantly reminded of that anger.”
Dean[10:18AM]: I was just wondering if you could go over those equations again. For a final time. I finished them.
“About what? Cas has had a crush on Dean since well before he was tutoring him. They’re perfect for each other! If only they would stop being such dudes about it.” Becky sure had a point, but it was so much deeper than that. Castiel’s confliction went way back to when he was a teenager. Charlie was aware of what his uncle forced him to go through, so it was no easy task to get over.
“Yeah, well, he changed his mind. I reiterate, I’m not gonna sit here and cry about it. I barely even know the guy so what does it even matter? I’m done talking about it.” He stood to toss his dirty plate in the sink before grabbing a second beer from the fridge and wandering over to the couch. He plopped down in a corner seat and glared into the television.
Dean needed to go after him, demand that he listen and have a conversation about this. He had vowed not to let Cas leave him so he was going to follow through. He had to at least try.
Castiel shook his head, fingers still fisted in Dean’s jacket as though it’ll help him keep everything at bay; his feelings, his tears, his undeniable frustration. But it unfortunately did the complete opposite, it seemed to make matters that much worse, as though the longer he kept physical contact with Dean, the angrier Alistair became.
“Oh, uhm…” Dean watched as the corner of Castiel’s mouth twitched upward in that quirky little smile of his. “Then yes. I’d like that Dean.”
CasaNova36[9:39AM]: Is it a sign that I’m an alcoholic if I feel like I need a shot just to get through the morning? Even though I know I’m going to lose my stomach if I do?
Dean ushered him inside, taking his coat and hanging it on the rack. Castiel took his time observing his surroundings before turning back to Dean, a suspicious glint in his eye.
Castiel very nearly choked on his beer, the question unexpected and a bit rude. He arched a brow which had Dean laughing in an instant. “I’m sorry man. Just meant that it’s an unusual name. I was curious.”
“Goodnight.” Castiel felt incredibly warm and sated, physically happy, but for whatever reason he felt like there was something off after that little pause before Posse Magnet mentioned cleaning up. He wasn’t entirely sure, but it seemed like his whole demeanor or mood changed and of course, Castiel being Castiel, he didn’t think it was good.
Bio: Hey, names Micheal. I am currently employed with the Lawrence Kansas Police department as an officer. I work long days and sometimes long nights. When I have the time, I’ll volunteer at the clinic to help who I can. My line of work can be pretty stressful so it’s nice to kind of get away and just be with someone for a little while. I enjoy the companionship and the closeness that being a heat partner requires.
fun and cool I’ll be over there.” Dean grinned and pointed his thumb in the direction of the pool tables, one table occupied by a big burly sort of man and a short redheaded woman.
Sam laughed in disbelief. He shook his head and leaned both elbows on the table, his breakfast forgotten for the moment. “Dude, that’s fine. He can come and tell me that. But, what I don’t get is why you even care. You never do, not really anyway.”
The idea had him flushing with embarrassment any time he tried to envision it and it wasn’t a pleasant sort of embarrassment either. It was the kind that settled uncomfortably in your gut, similar to the sensation of butterflies in your stomach but the completely wrong kind.
Castiel turned to look at Charlie then, with the expression of a desperate, scared man. It worried her, frightened her actually to see him like this. “Something’s wrong Charlie. With me. I turned him away, I shoved him away from me. I – “
Castiel was glowering now, irritated. “Dean, listen to me. I want nothing more than for whatever is between us to work out, but right now, I can’t. There are things about me…”
Dean turned to his brother then, his expression grave. “No, don’t you tell me my baby didn’t make it. Don’t you dare!”
I hope you all will enjoy this one. I needed to kinda, move things a long a little bit cuz the big reveal is very soon and I thought a chapter with a bunch of text convos would be perfect :D
“That’s great to hear.” Cas took his shot almost as soon as it was presented to him in an attempt to rid himself of this uncomfortable feeling in his gut. It wasn’t that he didn’t want to be around Dean. In fact, if he were totally honest and a complete idiot to boot, he was happy to be here despite why they shouldn’t be near each other. The alcohol helped tone everything down, but one question remained: Why was Dean acting as though nothing ever happened between them? Was it because Anna was there? Regardless of why, it was still strange.
Bobby tossed the keys to Dean and before he could climb behind the wheel and ride off into the sunset, Bobby stopped him with a question. “You still gonna join us Saturday night for Poker?”
Well, if Benny knew about the other half of things then there might be some judgement coming his way. To be honest, Dean was attracted to both Cas and Casanova. It was just easier to let his desires come forward with the latter. It was horrible and Dean knew it, but what else was he supposed to do about it?
She looked at Dean briefly, a quick look of alarm flashing across her face before it was soon replaced with a pleasant smile. “It’s nice to meet you. I’m Jo. I believe Dean might have mentioned you once or twice. Can I refill your beer?”
But what he saw there when he locked eyes with Castiel was nothing but pure anger behind the tears that remained unshed. “Leave Dean! I don’t want you here!” Castiel shoved at Dean’s chest, his vision blurry from the rage welling up inside him.
Jesus Christ. Heat suffused Castiel’s cheeks at the thought. “Of course not!” Except that was a lie. He’s done it before a couple of times with Mathew and his feelings behind it were utterly indifferent. It wasn’t something he would ever go out of his way to do, and if anything, Mathew was always the one to suggest it.
“So, what, you’re gonna ride out his heat with him in some decked out room and pretend none of it is weird?”
Castiel smiled. “I like that. It’s very honorable. Me, I uh, I enjoy the book store. I enjoy books. But uh, I don’t quite know if I’ve found my calling yet.”
Dean shook his head, a smile tugging at his lips. “You’re starting to sound like the woman I slept with the other night.”
He looked her square in the eye, the idea of switching schools – albeit scary and sudden – sounded like a grand idea. It would be a fresh start, everything would be new. He could finally focus on himself. “The farther away from Dean that I am, the easier it would be for me to move on. I can do everything I need to in order to get myself better, mentally. And I’ve put that off for far too long already. I can’t be distracted by any of this any longer…My grades will suffer sooner or later.”
“Yeah yeah.” He glared, striking another pose. Snap snap. “its better this way, I’m just ready to move on, get on with my life. I don’t do feelings anyway, they just creep up on you and
“Well, he’s quite drunk.” The pair laughed. “But I think he’s okay. He’s uh, got a lot on his mind it seems.” Castiel thought back to what Dean had confessed to, about his mother. Was Sam at all aware of the things he witnessed?
He stood there amongst those cheering for Ash, a beer in his hand. His hood was up over his head, the full faced mask tired onto his belt loop. From here he could see that he wore a smaller red mask the covered his eyes, but even from here, Cas couldn’t quite make out any features as they were shadowed by his hood and the night sky.
Jo returned with a shot of tequila for him a moment later. Perfect. But now what? Dean was supposed to find the perfect lady to go home with but with Castiel’s presence distracting him it was a little difficult. He huffed and shot back the tequila with zero hesitation. He shouldn’t allow the guy’s mere presence deter him from tonight’s quest, he’d be a fool to allow it! Castiel didn’t control him, no one did.
How could Dean have said no to such a phone call though? He was powerless where Castiel was involved. Absolutely powerless.
A couple of days had passed pretty uneventfully unless you considered Hendrickson getting a stern talking to by Bobby about some bullshit he pulled with a client to be some sort of significant even. Okay, so Bobby flat out yelled at him and Dean snickered as he worked on a client’s car. The dude was quite smug and he deserved a good talking to every now and again.
Sam was there in an instant, as though he had been waiting outside the door the whole time. When he spotted Dean’s blank gaze, starring past him and to the door, he stopped short. He knew exactly what had happened. “I’m so sorry Dean.”
“Then what is it like?” Dean grinned. Sam simply ignored him at every turn, no matter how hard his brother pried with question after question. But then it finally dawned on Dean after the third time Sam mentioned helping Castiel. There was only one thing that turn of phrase could mean. “Oh, you’re not still volunteering for that clinic thing are you?”
Ive been so excited to write this chapter! Ever since the ideas started flowing in my head. Its finally here :D I hope you all enjoy!
“you’ll do fine.” Gabriel whispered, clasping a firm hand on his shoulder. “It was great to meet you Dean!”
Castiel smiled despite himself as he pulled out onto the road and made his way home. Traffic, though, was horrible at this time of day in downtown, which was something he had unfortunately overlooked. “Jesus, no one knows how to drive.” He muttered to himself as he made a right hand turn at the light. He forgot how much he hated driving down here.
“Well hey, tell you what, if you need my help at all just give me a shout. I can do some research if you’d like, see if I can’t find you someone.”
Unfortunately, morning came way too quick and it didn’t help that he was jolted awake by the sound of Led Zeppelin blaring through the speakers and directly in his ear. He scrambled for the phone to see who was calling, his head pounding. It was Benny, his big burly bear of a friend.
He averted his gaze, clearing his throat to help break whatever spell was cast over him. “So uh, what time did you need to leave for work?” He asked as he glanced down at the time on his phone. It was nearing two in the afternoon.
That sounded all well and good, but Castiel was still nervous. He was more than aware of what was required of the alpha he may or may not be partnered with, but what of him? Did he have much of a say in anything after agreeing to be matched with someone? Naomi beat him to it before he can voice any of his concerns.
“No…It’s…Don’t be sorry. You know, I get it, I do. I just wish you didn’t have to deal with this alone. Just…” Dean sighed and whether out of pure selfishness or what, he took a step forward and placed a gentle hand on Castiel’s cheek. Another tear slid down Castiel’s face and Dean caught it with the pad of his thumb, wiping it away. “If you need anything, anything at all, please don’t hesitate to call me. Okay?”
An idea popped into Castiel’s head then, a curious one. Would Dean allow him to bring him food? The thought of actually going through with it had his stomach in knots and yet he couldn’t hide the dorky grin that tugged at the corners of his mouth. Dean would appreciate it, right? Cas certainly had when he sent Sam in his stead.
“Why not? Don’t you remember Cindy? My prom date you stole from me all those years ago? Look, I know you Dean, and I know exactly how you are when you want something, especially if that something is mine.” Not that Castiel was his by any means, but the statement remained true regardless. “You try to warn me away, or you just take it.”
After what felt like forever, Cas and the tow truck driver finally pulled into the shop’s main entrance. It had been brutal for the tow to get to him, the wait being nearly an hour. As relieved as he was to get his car towed to a safe place, he was stull bummed. He was supposed to have been at his new home by now, unpacking everything into the house. Unfortunately it looked like that was going to have to wait.
Castiel came with a gasp as he recalled the way in which Dream Dean moaned and the way his face scrunched up a little and his jaw went  slack. He let his orgasm take him over the edge with a vision of Dean so vivid in his mind that for a split second he really didn’t give a fuck.
Dean [9:33AM]: I remember pouring the glass, but I don’t quite remember drinking it…So…I don’t know. Could have been a dream?
Castiel laughed, his eyes lighting up. “No, I’m not. I hope you don’t mind me cooking breakfast. I just figured you would want to eat something after last night.”
“Okay, well as touching as this reunion is, I need to get back to work. Take care of him why don’t you.”
Charlie blanched at that, absolutely livid. How was any of this legal? Someone had to come forward and expose them, send everyone involved straight to prison. “You…Did he, really? That’s got to be illegal. Cas, you could take him to court. You can take all of them to court for just being in possession of child pornography.”
Boy, was he glad he did too. Dean could feel the tension ease away from his shoulders once he was able to drop his duffel bag upstairs in one of the spare bedrooms at Bobby’s place. The room hadn’t been much at the time, but three years later it was every bit his as the apartment he had with Sam had been.
Posse_Magnet67[3:44PM]: Not if we keep everything vague. Lol Although that might defeat the purpose a little.
Dean nodded and while he waited – albeit impatiently – the doctor came in and performed a few mental tests on him, gauging his ability to remember important but basic details. They checked on his other injuries and when it was concluded everything was looking okay, they left.
Dean sighed, shrugging his shoulders. “Yeah, I’m fine. Just gotta get myself back in the game here. Cant mope around all day, its Halloween!”
“I’m fine Gabe. It’s nothing serious, just rear ended somebody outside that antique store you like so much is all.”
“Well then out with it! You get some girl pregnant? Does she want you to marry her? Become father of the year?”
Dean held up his hand, silencing him. He sighed and took a few rather large gulps of his beer, effectively finishing it off. “Okay okay, you got me. Your intuition is almost as bad as Sam’s.” He snagged a couple more fries. “Truth is, is I do need to talk to you about something, but the way I see it in order to have this conversation I need to be way more drunk.” He flagged down their waitress and ordered a refill on his beer. With an added wink of course.
“Please, God, please!” Castiel cried as he slammed his fist on the bed, a wave of hopelessness overcoming him. All he wanted was to hear her cry, just once. He could deal with everything else later.
Castiel looked up from his empty glass to see quite the cheeky grin plastered on Dean’s face. Okay, so maybe Dean wasn’t all that bad. He was quite charming to be honest. Another awkward smile pulled at Castiel’s cheeks. “Thank you Dean. It’s just – “
Gabriel had insisted in dragging Castiel along later that afternoon for some last minute supplies. Surely the guy couldn’t have possibly needed anything else, but again, he insisted. By 7PM Gabriel was already put together in his Loki costume, complete from head to toe. As it happened, he had been planning it for months.
Dean pulled his car into a patch of gravel behind Benny’s truck nearby the abandoned train tracks. He killed the engine and climbed out, his full faced mask carried in one hand.
Castiel turned to his brother with a resigned sigh. “You might be right. I’ll give it some thought.”
Benny, being every bit a gentleman, took her hand and laid a kiss on top of it. “It’s nice to meet you Becky.” The girl just giggled, her face heating up at the gesture.
It was unfortunate just how right his brother was. There needed to be a level of attraction and allure between both parties in order for the partnership to work out, whether it be long term or short. And Castiel just didn’t have that with Sam, which was an upsetting thought because that meant that he would have to find a way to refuse Sam’s help after-all.
Posse_Magnet67[11:46PM]: Hello stranger lol Random question: You ever think sometimes that the universe exists just to watch you fail, over and over?
Did he truly have to face his demons alone? He didn’t want to be alone, not anymore. Could Cas make it through with someone by his side? Could that someone be…?
“I will. See you tonight.” Castiel continued with the survey, answering all the questions to the best of his ability. There were even some questions he found that allowed him to add a few notes to his answer if he felt the need to elaborate, which seemed to help. By the time he was finished Castiel was exhausted. It had been an incredibly long day already and it wasn’t even one in the afternoon yet. Thank God he wasn’t needed at work. He spent the rest of the day curled up with a coffee and Netflix
Alistair’s voice replayed itself in his mind as he gagged, that dreadful, nasally voice having haunted his late teenage years.
Charlie had so many questions and she was desperate for all the details, but she had to wait. Castiel will fill her in in due time.
“Hey, so uh, your car; you had a huge leak in the reservoir that holds your coolant. You also had a crack in the radiator itself, which, with both problems added together caused the sudden overheating. So! We replaced the coolant container and some of the hoses, but we’re still waiting on the radiator to come in.”
Cas didn’t deserve to be told something of that magnitude over text. No, Dean should at least have the decency to tell him in person. What would it say about him if he didn’t? God, it was such a fucked up situation.
Bobby turned to look at Cas. He offered a light smile and a nod of his head in acknowledgment. “Nice to meet ya kid. Cas huh?”
“Oh yeah! I love em. Enjoy taking things apart and figuring out how to put it back together again. It’s fun actually.”
“Okay…” Dean licked his lips. “I want to apologize to you, for everything. For lying to you, for being selfish, for sending you to the fucking hospital…I…There’s nothing I can really say or do to change any of it. I just…I want to apologize.”
Calculus huh? Castiel was taking calculus and theology with Dean no less. Though it had to be just a mere coincidence, it had to. Their professors had many classes a week at different times during the day. Him and Casanova couldn’t possibly be taking the exact same ones.
“I understand this is all very overwhelming for you.” She clasped her hands together atop her desk. “I can assure you that you have every say in the matter. How the process works is we set you up with an account on our site, you’ll give a brief description of yourself and from there we will give you the access code to the survey you will take. It’s pretty lengthy so you’ll want to get comfortable at home to complete it. From there you will receive a list of alpha’s you matched with. Each match will have a photo attached as well as a description of themselves in their bio. You’ll then choose which one you would like to set up a meeting with and from there it is up to you and the alpha on how you wish to proceed.”
Becky sighed wistfully, her chin resting in her hands. “Isn’t Benny just so…So handsome?” She gushed, a faraway look in her eye.
“Yeah, maybe. But Sammy is my responsibility. Always has been since mom died and dad, well, he might as well be dead…”
Posse_Magnet67[8:03PM]: Awe, lol Just breathe. I’m nervous too though, so any awkward first introductions are welcome and more than okay. I’m sure it’ll happen.
He looked ahead, taking note of Dean sitting in front of him and smirked to himself. Dean looked like shit when he walked through the door. His hair slightly disheveled, his face an unhealthy shade of pale from lack of hydration. It served him right for getting wasted last night and not to mention how he basically demanded that he tutor him. Which unfortunately reminded him that Dean had very rudely given him his phone number.
CasaNova36[11:26AM]: If we’re gonna cheat at this game then I suppose I’ll answer: Yes, I’m a virgin. Now my turn, if you have a year left to live, what would you do?
“Looks simple enough.” Castiel set his drink down on their nearby table. He was a little apprehensive about playing, horribly, mind you, in front of everyone. Dean gave him the pool queue with a smile. “Now, you’ll wanna shoot the plain white ball at any of the others. This is just practice so we wont worry about whether they’re striped or not.”
Dean had to stop himself from laughing, but it was a difficult feat. “Ah, well yeah, I guess you could say that.” Castiel nodded in acknowledgment, a muscle in his jaw twitching. “Uhm, but hey, I understand you’re not comfortable with it so her and I, we can squash this and be done with it.”
Castiel hummed, thinking hard about his answer. “Yes. Granted I’ve yet to see your face in more light, but you’re…You’re so much more than what I expected. I hadn’t anticipated feeling such a strong connection to you…It’s okay that I say that, right?”
Dean’s face broke out in a bright smile when he saw Cas make his way back over. He grabbed the deceptively blue, tasty looking drink and held it out for him. “Here ya go. Your glass full of mystery liquor.”
Castiel took a swig of whiskey as soon as he returned home from class later that day, grimacing at the way it settled in his stomach. He was going to have to stop this sooner or later. Regardless of it helping with the whole Alistair issue, it just didn’t truly make him feel any better. Yet he continued to imbibe some of it anyways and plopped down on the couch.
Castiel held onto Dean, his fingers gripping tightly at the lapels on the leather jacket. His eyes began to burn with unshed tears at the horrifying realization that he wasn’t alone on the inside. It frightened Castiel and he only hoped that by focusing on Dean it would just go away. But he was wrong.
Dean set his fork down and arched an irritated brow at Sam. “You wanna run that by me again there Chuckles?”
Sam nodded after taking another pull from his beer. “Oh yeah! You wouldn’t believe the amount of calls we have gotten for sex related injuries.”
“Alright. I’ll level with ya.” Dean began, leaning down and resting both elbows on top of the bar. “If you’re on the fence about it, I’ll be the first to say that you don’t have to worry about Sam. He’s a good kid, knows what he’s doing. He cares a whole hell of a lot.”
So what brought him back to Sioux Falls? He had some family out here, a couple cousins, but not anyone Castiel assumed was important. Most importantly, why the hell had his sudden appearance distracted Castiel so disastrously? It’s not like he had been hoping to see the man again one day.
Fuck, get it together Winchester. It’s fine! It’s just a courtesy call, one he has made for hundreds of customers before. Besides, Dean was completely over Castiel anyways. The man left him without wanting to even try to patch things up, disappeared and refused Dean’s calls. He cringed at the thought of the couple voicemails he left, God they were horrible.
Cas knew what needed to be said, but with his fingers poised above the keyboard, he hesitated. He was nervous and incredibly terrified to even try to bridge this gap. What would Dean say? Would he reply at all?
Dean staggered backwards, eyes wide with fear, the contact they had broken and leaving Castiel feeling bereft, cold without Dean’s warmth surrounding him. He tried to cry out but he couldn’t, he lost control of himself, his muscles not responding how he wanted them to. Something else had a hold of him and he was beginning to panic.
“That’s just…Odd..” He answered a few more questions, his answer to the peculiar masturbation question being average.
Charlie[8:11PM]: I wish I was there too! Me and Becky will have to come up there soon. How has Dean been…?
Castiel bit his lip, his eyes roaming over the photo once more. It wasn’t far, all of it, the anonymity, the rules, his bloody teachings. He wanted so much in that moment, but no matter which direction he turned he was reminded of the fact that he couldn’t have any of it.
How long this would go on for, Cas wasn’t sure, especially since he was positive Dean was following him almost everywhere he went. It was strange, suddenly having Dean’s attention like this, it was unexpected and a part of him loved every minute of the chase. He knew it was going to end at some point, but in the meantime Castiel indulged his sinful side of enjoyed it.
“Of course I know what happened, Cas, I just didn’t know this was the Dean you had a past with. Look, what’s done is done. I can’t undo it and neither can you, so, what can you do?” Anna shrugged, frustrated. “Let it go Cas.”
It shouldn’t matter though, right? Sam would only be temporary. It’s not like he was in the market for a mate.
Castiel was typing out a message when Gabriel rudely interrupted him. “Who are you texting?! We don’t have time for that Cassie! We gotta find you something in this mess.” He began rummaging through the racks, all the while muttering, “No, no, that wont work…This? No…I don’t think that’ll go…Ew!”
Posse_Magnet67[11:22AM]: This may come out of left field, but have you ever been in a gay relationship?
Dean continued to stare at Cas, wanting desperately to say something else if it would help him, but he couldn’t. He saw a sort of hatred in those blue eyes he had fallen in love with and it stopped him cold.
Posse_Magnet67[3:42PM]: May not be wise to keep you further away from studying lol and me? Yeah, I’d say a distraction from life is good. Recently had a falling out with a friend of mine, so that blows.
“I’m just peachy Cas! Now that you’re here.” He added that last part on a whim and it appeared to have had the desired effect. Castiel was flushed, though from the liquor or his statement, he wasn’t entirely sure. “Say, you aren’t…Drunk, are you?”
Just consuming almost half of the bottle had worked. Castiel was amazed, but he knew it wouldn’t last and he knew he needed more help than just alcohol.
What stuck out the most was the scent of fear. Dean had been a goner when Castiel looked up at him beneath those dark lashes, blue eyes filled with a desperation that pleaded for help. Never once has Dean ever been filled with such a primal urge to console an omega, to tuck them into the crook of his neck to encourage scenting. Okay, so maybe that was a lie, he did date Lisa Braeden for a time. But the fact remained, this had been acutely different. It was ridiculous really! Dean never felt such urges and if he did, even for a little bit, his motives aligned more with the desire to fuck. And this, as insane as it was, wasn’t that at all.
“And he’s a nerd too, I figured you two would get along.” He took another swig of his beer before continuing. “At any rate, we’re not friends.”
CasaNova36[4:43PM]: I’m afraid you’re out of luck there Lol It was horrendous though. Our mother was angry, but I do remember her trying her best to hold back her laughter.
Castiel finished tying his shoes and stood to his feet, keys held in one hand. “Guess so.” He smiled. Dean followed him out to his car, padding down the drive in socks and a pair of sandals. He looked every bit a hungover bum, and yet, to Castiel, he never looked more handsome.
“Love you too.” Castiel hung up his phone, pocketing it when he noticed Dean’s eyes on him, brows furrowed just a bit in curiosity.
The embarrassment came creeping back in, the idea that Dean just knows about his situation was enough to dig beneath his skin, to settle uncomfortably in the pit of his stomach. Dean was being quite gracious about it all, vetting his younger brother in the hopes to dispel his fears about everything. It was all well and good, but that didn’t change the fact that on some deep, fundamental and biological level, Castiel didn’t want Sam.
CasaNova36[5:08PM]: Good. Lol Cause’ I don’t know how to handle having a stalker on top of everything else on my plate.
Castiel had nothing to say in response to that. His body language said it all really. The pink coloring returned to his cheeks and he averted his gaze bashfully and in doing so he revealed the unmarked side of his neck safe for a couple stray freckles here and there. Jesus…
“Because I have a hot date tonight.” Gabriel wagged his eyebrows suggestively as he handed over the list of items Gabriel requested. Organic flour.
Hello again!! I hope you all enjoy the next installment of this fic. I apologize for it being much shorter than the last lol Also, fair warning, I suck at chapter titles. So bear with me!
“I’ve seen better days. But I’m okay, or at least I will be okay.” Once he feels better and returns to his regularly scheduled routine of course. But then again, he wondered if this massive hangover was a sign from the universe that he really needed to slow down and find someone to talk to, now. He can’t just go back to taking shots of Jack Daniels every time he feels the unnerving, itching sensation from the inside of his skull. Castiel was well aware that it was eventually going to get to be too much; he just wasn’t sure how to take that next step.
Dean smiled over at Castiel, the smile lighting up his face. The rest of the drive was spent in companionable silence save for the occasional bit of directions Castiel gave him. There wasn’t a single awkward moment between the two, both quite content in the other’s presence. Before Castiel knew it, they pulled into the parking lot in front of his dorm building and he was climbing out of the Impala. A bit reluctantly he might add. “Thanks for the ride Dean, and for lunch.”
Did he want to reconnect with Castiel? Was that something he’d even be able to risk? While Cas seemed happier now, the dark part of Dean’s mind festered with equally dark thoughts. What if he ruined Castiel's new found happiness and once again ruined a potentially good thing? What if he triggered something within Cas that had him running for the hills like last time?
“Shit…” He cursed. Quickly he found a spot to pull over in so they could focus on the conversation. He cut the engine and turned his attention onto Charlie. “You’re not going to tell him are you?”
“I’m not kidding here Dean.” He snapped a few more shots. “Hey, you’re the one that made out with her at that one party and left quite the impression.”
“Sure is.” Dean took a huge gulp of water, followed by another and another until the glass was drained. He slammed the glass down on the counter and followed Sam some more throughout the house like a curious puppy. “So where did you meet him? OmegaMeet.com?”
He didn’t receive an immediate reply, which was fine. Dean had a history class he needed to get to and pay attention in, in which also afforded him more time to reflect on the night before.
So Castiel found where the white ball was and went to line it up, aiming at the striped purple number twelve ball. It was a little awkward as he bent over to get close, especially since he knew Dean’s eyes were all over him. How could he not notice? He did his best to ignore it and took his shot.
CasaNova36[1:48PM]: That’s strange. I’d message them back, demand to know who they are. They clearly must know something you don’t. And they have a crush on you? Sounds like a stalker lol
CasaNova36[4:14PM]: Surprisingly no, like I said, there’s something about you that makes me feel at ease.
Dean[4:21PM]: Hey, you do you man. Wear the full suit if you want to! Make sure everyone knows who’s boss.
CasaNova36[2:39PM]: I’m sure it’s all the pent-up frustration and repressed sexuality that eventually causes the person to sort of, idk, dive in head first when they see an opportunity.
As it turned out, Dean was dropping Castiel off at his dorm on campus. Hell, maybe once Dean was alone, she’d still confront him, ask him who Posse Magnet was and gauge his reaction. She didn’t have the conversation all planned out, but she figured she’d just make it up as she went.
He shrugged. “I thought I’d surprise Dean here. Got some free rime from work and the family and just flew out.”
Apparently, Sam took notice of the private moment because he was averting his eyes and scratching the back of his neck awkwardly. “Okayy, I think I’m going to head out now.”
Castiel looked away, a blush creeping up his neck despite the obvious innocent comment. “I suppose that means you wont really need my help anymore.” A part of him kind of hoped that were the case because then he could at least earn some distance to get over what it was he felt for Dean. But, alas, he knew that to be near impossible. He sensed a need to have another discussion with Charlie again, perhaps soon.
“Dean look out!!” But there was no time, the pickup truck still slammed right into the driver’s side, dragging the Impala across the road and into a pole; which just nearly missed Castiel. Everything was loud, tires screeched along the pavement, the sound of metal crunching filled their ears…The sound of Dean crying out in agony just after impact…
The question surprised Castile, catching him in mid gulp; his beer poised at his lips. “A girlfriend?” He sputtered. What the hell kind of question was that? He was so blasé about it too…
“You made all the wrong choices Dean…And I still, like the idiot I am…I still fell for you.” He quickly wiped at his eyes, his laughter dying down, his voice returning to that serious tone of his. “But I…I can’t trust you.”
She wrung her hands together in a nervous sort of gesture as she came to sit down in one of the bedside chairs. “Depends on your definition of the word ‘okay’.” When Castiel didn’t comment she took in a deep breath and decided just to spit it out. “I knew who he was Cas. His online persona.”
“Almost a week by this point…I had help…We uh, we spoke to Posse Magnet, got his to reply to us and sorta hacked his account to see if he had any other social media accounts linked to his email.”
Sorry if this update came later than the last one. Life has been a little crazy and I was distracted by a couple really good fanfics along the way lol
Fuck, a week? How, why? Screw it, he’ll get those answers soon enough, what he needed now was Castiel. He needed to see him, to talk to him. “Where’s Cas? I wanna talk.” God, it still really hurt to talk. Thankfully the nurse had fetched him a much needed glass of water.
Jesus Christ, Dean, that was a startling thought. He ran a hand through his hair and downed his Red bull in the hopes it would distract him enough. It didn’t quite work. His phone buzzed again with a reply from Cas.
The silence between them was a bit awkward, neither Castiel nor Dean said much of anything else to each other. They simply waited for the tow truck to arrive, which felt like forever. In the time they waited, Castiel’s phone began to ring and he nearly panicked when he saw Gabriel’s name flashing on the screen. He quickly accepted the call lest he leave his brother worrying.
Finally, a reply came and as soon as he settled himself down at a small table next to an oversized potted plant, he opened the message and read each word carefully.
There are mentions of religious preaching with some underlying indoctrination in there. Not a whole lot, but I thought id put a trigger warning. There will be more mentions of it in greater detail later on.
Posse_Magnet67[9:13PM]:…I think I might have seen you…But I’m not sure lol Wonder where you could be.
After all that was squared away, Dean grabbed Castiel’s keys from the envelope and stepped out from behind the counter. “Come on outside, I’ll pull the car around.”
“Bobby jumped in though. Yelled at him. Told him that he should accept me no matter what, that I’ve done so much shit for the family and I never get a thank you.. Later he came to me and offered me a room here, told me to pack my bags if I wanted to. I left that night and never looked back.”
Castiel took the bottle with an offer of thanks before taking a swig. He continued to gaze at the photos there until his eyes landed on that of a smiling blonde woman hugging a younger version of Dean. “Is that your mother?”
It had been a few days since Dean last saw Castiel, having his car towed in no less. To say he had been distracted these last few days was an understatement. He was still in disbelief over the whole ‘Castiel moving into town’ bit. Hell, a part of him almost thought he was either joking or he was actually stalking him. The thought made him scoff in amusement a couple times already.
“Don’t worry there Dean.” Benny began as Dean sat down and plopped his bag on the desk. “I’ve come prepared.” He handed Dean a bottle of water and some Advil.
Castiel sighed and set his pen down. He gazed out into the distance, watching all the other students mill about. Their lives were so much more different than his own; some where so clearly happy, content. Others seemed stressed and a few more who didn’t seem to really give a fuck. Oh, what he wouldn’t give to be another person right now. Maybe Gabe was right, it would do him some good. He may not be one to party, but one night couldn’t hurt.
Once their bill was paid, the pair left the diner side by side. “Hey uh, you need a ride home?” Dean asked as they made their way to the parking lot and towards the Impala.
Posse_Magnet67[11:38AM]: Okay, yes. The day I actually get on one I’m pretty sure it’s gonna crash. It’s gonna be the worst crash in all of aviation history too.
Luckily, since the incident the other morning Castiel hasn’t really felt that unreachable itch as it seemed to be fading away. It was a good sign that things were slowly getting better, but he wasn’t going to take any chances. He certainly didn’t want to.
“Hey don’t look at me! I’m not the one in charge of the frat parties” She laughed. “Although I hear there’s a huge Halloween party coming up.”
Dean on the other hand had dropped out of college. His medical bills from the car accident that fateful night was just too much, even with his father’s insurance. He couldn’t possibly afford that and school at the same time. So, with it decided that his health was more important, Dean dropped out and opted to join the workforce to help pay for his bills once he was cleared to do so. Sammy helped out too when he could, despite Dean’s protesting.
The pain hadn’t registered at first, everything happened so fast and all at once. It wasn’t until he was pulled out of the car that he felt it all, the burning in his lungs, the near inability to breathe, his head throbbing. It was almost like a movie, his memories, as though he had stepped outside of himself for a time.
Castiel took his shot of Tequila, smiling. “Of course I will. So long as you come to visit me and my sister.”
“Oh, sure. Thanks Sam.” Castiel called out, suddenly distracted by some family photos perched on the mantel. He recognized young Dean instantly and he couldn’t help the smile that tugged at his lips. Dean was such a dorky little kid, but he looked happy.
“Communication is really important to me.” Sam tells Castiel. “So if at any time I do something, or say something you don’t like, I will respect it. We don’t have to do anything you don’t want to. If you just want someone there to take care of you in the most basic sense then I will do that for you.”
Castiel nodded. “Me too.” He glanced down at his lap, unsure of what else he should say. The news was good, generally speaking. Cas was sure Dean would live through this, he had to.
Regardless, John’s nitpicking and offhanded comments were a small price to pay compared to what an apartment would have cost by himself. But man, thank God for Bobby though. After a particularly heated argument one Christmas evening between Dean and his father - over a year after the accident – Bobby jumped in the middle of it.
Dean should have never went along with Casanova – no – Castiel’s flirting. It was wrong. So horribly wrong. He knew better than to take advantage of a man who was clearly under the influence and going through some shit because of him! Things were spiraling out of control here, Dean could feel it. He was digging himself a deep ass grave that he was sure he’d never be able to crawl out of.
“Okay, well, we need to get off the road. I have an officer already on the way, they’ll direct traffic. In the meantime, call your insurance, take photos, the whole nine.” Castiel stared up at him like a deer caught in the headlights, unsure how exactly to proceed. The man appeared to take pity on him then and placed a reassuring hand on his shoulder, fingers squeezing gently. “You’ve never been in an accident before, have you?”
Dean wanted nothing more than to run to Castiel right now, pull him into his arms and tell him it was going to be okay. He’d refuse to be pushed away again; he’d prove to him that he would be there through all of this. And yet, he chose to continue with this phone call instead. “If nothing was hindering you at all, what would you want to do?”
Dean chuckled then. “Well shit, look us both having shitty parents. My dad and your uncle can go straight to hell.” He stood up then and took a couple steps towards the kitchen. “You thirsty or anything?”
CasaNova36[11:32AM]: The thought of that makes me really nervous lol You sure that’s not like, cheating?
“Any who! Here she is!” Dean spread his arms out with pride. “My Baby!” He strolled on over to the driver side door, announcing he was going to pull her forward and climbed in behind the wheel. He inserted the key into the ignition and turned, the engine turning over with a rumble that always made Dean grin from ear to ear, his chest swelling with a fondness for the car. He put her in drive and when Castiel was out of the way and standing off to the side, he pulled her forward and out of the wash bay. Once in the clear, he put her in back in park and stepped out of the car, leaving the engine running.
Charlie nodded in understanding, a smile tugging at her lips. “I mean, as much as I don’t wish to see you leave campus, it’s probably your best bet, and I’ll support you the whole way.” She took his hand and squeezed it. “When you’re settled in wherever you’re headed, me and Becky are coming over first thing and we gonna have an old fashioned sleepover fit with Netflix, popcorn and gossip!”
But naw, Dean was not interested, not in the slightest. That was Sam’s gig, his burden to carry. Dean was a free agent and he’d like to remain that way.
He opened the text and smiled at the message there. Apparently he wasn’t the only one wondering if it were okay to text the other.
“Of course!” Castiel beamed. “That sounds great. I just…You sure Sam would be okay with me going too? I’m pretty sure he hates me.”
Chugglet267[1:36PM]: Hey! I just wanted to apologize for my random message a few days ago. It was just much easier to confess my feelings for you this way than to do it in person.
Dean took some time to sober up a little bit before crawling into bed, the water having helped. And the aspirin he dug out of the medicine cabinet in the bathroom; to be frank, he was getting way too old for this and he was only thirty. He still had fun, don’t get him wrong, but the hangovers, when he did get them, were a major bitch. He’d be laid up for hours, slowly dying and regretting every single decision made the night before.
Posse_Magnet67[2:13PM]: Hey man, if I at all did something wrong the other night, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to push you or make you uncomfortable. If you wanna part ways then I understand.
The sincerity in Posse Magnet’s voice brought a smile to Castiel’s face and his eyes began to water. He quickly wiped his eyes, silently cursing himself for the flood of emotions. “I wish you were too. I just…” He sighed again, one big long sigh. “…I’m just tired of feeling like this. I suppose there is one thing you could do for me though.”
God, Castiel really did have an amazing brother, always willing to help him out. He just really didn’t want to put him through any of it all over again. Gabriel was a stubborn son of a bitch though, so Castiel couldn’t really say no to his help even if he tried, Gabe would still be there. He always has been. Castiel eventually conceded, nodding his head with a sigh. “Okay…Sooner I get back on my medication, the better.”
“Dean…” Castiel whispered quietly, thought apparently it was loud enough for the other to hear, because now Dean was looking directly at him. The previous expression of anger having softened at Castiel, a look of surprise mirroring his own. Their eyes locked and it was as though the whole world stopped spinning. Everything was silent and still safe for the pounding of Castiel’s heart.
“Wow…I…I’ll be honest, I’ve never been well versed in vehicles and how to take care of them other than the basics. But, she is quite beautiful.” Castiel could appreciate the car for what it was, what it meant to Dean. He could even admire the deep rumbling purr of the engine. He may not have understood a single word Dean said but he can definitely see the appeal behind this particular car.
“You really think so? Because I don’t.” He stabbed his fork into his pancakes and cut off a bite sized piece. “Not because he says so. He doesn’t control us.”
It had been a couple of days since Ash had shown Charlie everything she needed to know about his “Master Plan” as he called it. To be fair, every plan of his was considered a “Master Plan”.
Dean clinked his glass with his and tossed it back, the slow burn of the liquor down his throat igniting a fire in his belly. “Woo!” He chased it with his beer for good measure.
Dean watched Castiel’s pretty blue eyes widen, the pink in his cheeks deepening in color. One quick and discreet sniff of the air told him everything he needed to know. Castiel stuttered and stumbled over his words. “Ah…What…Like…A – a date?”
A laugh escaped Castiel and he rolled his eyes; God how lame. “C’mon Dean, lets get you home.” He led him outside to the parking lot, steering him towards the Impala. Dean staggered to the door, keys in hand.
Sam scoffed. “Yeah, okay, tell that to your hindbrain. Come on dude, I can practically smell it on you.”
“Ash? How the hell did you get my number…? You know, I don’t want to know.” She laughed into the receiver.
“No. Cas can do whatever he wants, he can make his own choices. If he no longer wants anything to do with me then fine, that’s his choice and I’m not going to sit here and bellyache over it.”
But this, this was different. Dean hadn’t expected to be the one that got hurt, it was never done. He always played everything off like things were cool, he would walk away, shake it off and get back to normal. Business as usual.
So he took his shot, the burn down his throat so much harsher than that of his whiskey. Cas nearly blanched, the warmth of it settling uncomfortably in his stomach. Well, he still hated vodka, but when Charlie announced for more shots he couldn’t possibly turn her down.
God, he couldn’t imagine ever talking to Dean about what happened when they were last together. That was a chapter best left closed, never to be reopened. It’d be incredibly awkward revisiting it, right? What if Dean was completely over it and he no longer cared? Was Castiel just trying to reopen old wounds? “I don’t know, he’s uh, he’s been just fine. Surprised but friendly. Professional when I dropped off my car. I don’t know if I want to bring it up to him, or if I’ll ever have the chance.”
Jo was gorgeous, sweet, she could drink him under the table easily on a good day. But most importantly, it had been so easy being with her. There was no second guessing, no drama. She taught him what it was like to be properly loved and cared for. To say she had become his rock out here, away from Sammy, was an understatement. They may not have seen a future together – marriage, white picket fence and a few kiddos – but they decided that their future together would consist of them retaining their friendship, for which Dean was incredibly grateful for.
“I didn’t think what he told me was true.” Castiel began as he pulled back. “He’s still there, inside, just as he said he would be. I can’t be rid of him Charlie, not for good. Not ever.” He glanced at the bottle of jack, tempted to take another swig of it for good measure. It had worked in keeping the monster away, it held him back, drowned it.
Yes, Castiel needed to try. He couldn’t continue to shut people out and refuse the help of others. He was loved immensely, and though Charlie made it clear that she would always be there for him no matter what, he felt like he never fully appreciated it. He really needed to try, it’d be a great step in the right direction.
Dean [8:18PM]: He is. Haven’t seen him in a year! Freakin loser lol He’ll be up here for a while, we should all hang out sometime!
When his coffee was finished reheating, Dean took his seat and begrudgingly told Sam everything. From when he started talking to Casanova, to studying and being tutored by Castiel with the added: “I’m gonna need help with some Calculus by the way if you don’t mind.” He didn’t tell Sam outright what he really felt for Cas because that was just….It was strange. Dean, having feelings for another man? It was unheard of.
“Awesome!” Dean reached into his pocket and pulled out his phone then. “What’s your number so I can text you the details?”
But Cas, man he was a natural. He couldn’t help the warmth that spread through his chest when he saw him lift his head triumphantly from the bucket, a red apple caught between his teeth, his hair dripping wet with the water. Dean had laughed, desperate to kiss him then and there.
They eventually parted ways, Bobby claiming he had a bunch of paper work to process and few skulls to bash in. You know, the usual daily bullshit, nothing too crazy. And off Dean went, pulling his car into one of the empty wash bays on the lot.
“Yeah, exactly. I think your friends tricked you man. An AMF stands for Adios Mother Fucker. Sure, they’re good, but they will knock you on your ass if you’re not too careful.”
I hope you all enjoy the update and continue sending me all ur love and support in the form of comments and kudos!
I am currently seeing someone but our relationship is open. They have no issues with my volunteering for the clinic whenever I can and who knows, we may be open to a third partner.
However, neither knew who the other was exactly so was there any reason for him to be so upset? Having Anna all but physically knock some sense into his head back there deflated him and reduced him to practicing his breathing exercises. He felt like shit as a result. Anna was capable of making her own choices, who was he to demand anything out of either of them? She was an adult and though Cas wanted to protect her in any way he could, this was something he needed to step back from.
“But you’ve also been strongly to blame. Your photos have distracted me, especially the last one you sent after you left auto shop. I find myself wondering what it would be like to run my fingers along your abs…”
CasaNova36[3:02PM]: Technically its an overcoat, lol I’m glad you liked the photos though. The mask doesn’t exactly fit the rest of the costume, but it’s much less revealing than the others I had found.
“Don’t sound so disappointed now.” Dean laughed, shoving Castiel’s arm playfully. “I’ll probably still need your help. If you don’t mind of course.”
The corner of Castiel’s mouth twitched upwards into a small smile. Dean, heartbroken? Well, he couldn’t allow that. “Uhm, okay. Give me a moment.” He left the table and wandered back over to Charlie and Becky, who were nine kinds of excited to see his return.
Benny only laughed harder when Dean threw a couple fries at him. “Dude, shut up! You’re gonna bring attention over here.” There was no point in hiding the embarrassment and sense of urgency in his voice at this point. He glanced up at the front of the bar, eyes trained on Cas under the pretense of making sure they weren’t noticed while they were grabbing a table. They weren’t luckily, but Dean still took a brief moment to check him out.
Dean popped the two pills and downed the glass of water in one go, the water having been quite refreshing after having nothing but beer and spirits the previous night.
It was nearing 3:30PM when Castiel finally crossed into South Dakota; another milestone for him. It wasn’t as painful or sad, no, it was full of excitement. He was so close! He was beyond ready to get out of the car too, the last pit stop he made having been a couple hours ago at most. Just a little bit longer, he told himself.
Cas and his brother had learnt early on that neighbours in suburbia did not take kindly to loud music and became particularly aggressive when you had a full band playing in your garage. So, Perdition, after several long discussions and some finely tuned pleading, had convinced Kevin's mum to let them take over the back shed on their property. Placed away from the main house and several hundred metres from the closest neighbours meant undisturbed practice, with the added bonus of convincing Mrs Tran that rock music was not a waste of her sons’ talent, though he had to promise to keep up with his cello as well.
"I've never seen you dress up that much for a date brother! You meet this guy once and you're already trying to impress."
Dean collapsed into him, as Cas came down from his own high, panting and cursing. “You’re killing me, Cas.” He said nipping at his jaw. “I’m not sure if I can move.”
He found them, standing in their sectioned area currently revisiting the argument over Deans clothing choices, although some-one had forced him into black slacks and a pair of formal shoes this time. Cas wondered who had managed that feat.
They fell asleep with Cass head in the crook of Deans shoulder and their legs tangled together. Content in each other’s arms.
"That's their solution to any breakup. Alcohol and rebound sex. Can you tell me it's much different among your friends?"
"So..." came Bennys voice, reminding him that he was still sitting in the middle of a club and his friend had not left. "Are you out of the closet yet or should I pretend that I didn't see and hear all of that" he gestured vaguely to Dean and the space Cas had occupied moments before. The sudden realisation had Deans cheeks flaring red.
Cas walked to the party that night, Balth only live a few streets away and he knew that he wouldn't be fit to drive home, he also had no intention of staying there overnight. The house was already overflowing with bodies as he entered. In true Balthazar style, pop music was blaring out of the surround sound system that was plumbed through the house, with people drinking and dancing in every room. It took him 20 minutes and his first beer before he found his friends out of the back deck watching the people brave enough to jump in the pool.
Cas smiled when the moderator announced Forest Glen High as the winners. His team-mates however groaned in disappointment and Dean smiled broadly as Charlene and Kevin jumped on him. He had to drag Balthazar out of his chair to go and shake their hands, like always Balths' pompous attitudes got in the way of him admitting defeat, but a quiet comment about his childish tantrums had him straightening up and meeting the winners with the proper respect. Shaking their hands and congratulating them on their win. Cas congratulated Kevin and Charlene first, smiling at the way Charles gloated at their success, and leaving Dean for last.
In a world where soulmates exist, in a real and acknowledged way, people remain divided about love. Scientists have studied soulmates for years and they have not yet reached a distinct conclusion about how the process works. What they do know for sure, is that the words that appear on a persons skin, like a tattoo, are the first words your soulmate will speak directly too you. This is important. You may hear your soulmate speak to others and walk past them none the wiser about who they are to you. Some people may never be sure who their soulmate is, because if their soulmate doesn't speak directly to them, no words would ever appear on their skin.
The girl in question was darting her eyes between Cas, the tampon packs and the classroom door as she made her decision.  She took two out of his hand tentatively as her friends smiled and darted out the door, stopping only to say a quick word to the teacher. Cas dropped the others back into his bag and proceeded to pull out a box of painkillers and holding a blister pack sheet out to the friend.
Cas nodded, glancing back at the group laughing around the fire and smiling at the way Dean was using his arms to gesture as he spoke. "Did you want to talk about it?"
"To be clear, you want me to interrupt him speaking to his ex?" Sam clarified, rubbing his hands together and watching the table, as Dean nodded at him. "Are there any restrictions on this?"
"What is it about you, Castiel, that has my boys wrapped so tightly around your fingers?" Ellen arched her eyebrow at Cas.
Cas froze as Kevin came out of the bathroom. He wasn't even aware that anyone was awake. Kevin didn't flinch at seeing them tangled together on the bed. Instead, he took a seat on the desk chair at the side of the room, looking at him curiously.
"Don't be mean." Balthazar responded narrowing his eyes at the threat. "Fine, but I am not responsible for what shape he's in!"
Cas left with a smile. Thinking that as much as he loved his brother, he was going to have to explain his interference with Deans friend.
"Come on, Breakfast time." Dean said, towel drying and leaving to seek out clean boxers for the both of them.
"Which is why he should be coming to my party and finding himself a nice girl to spend a few hours with!" Balth declared.
The club was in full swing as Dean walked in. Flashing lights pulsating with the live music to the right. A well-lit bar as a centre piece to the building with bar tenders, dressed in white shirts and black vests, working all four sides. Several pool tables littered the left with small tables and bar stools scattered for those watching the games and from what Dean could see a more relaxed lounge section down the back.
"Don't be so pompous! They got here the same way we did. We wouldn't be facing them if it weren't going to be challenging!" Castiel argued.
Cas let him take control, a prospect that was both hot and terrifying, encouraging him to set his own pace. Placing hot kisses over his neck and chest, leaving one or two marks as he went, while one hand roamed, massaging his ass and thighs and the other clasped around his arousal. Leaving him in the incredible position of pushing back onto Cass cock, or up into his hand. As Dean stuttered into maddening urgency, Cas groaned praises and encouragement into his neck, thrusting into him as Dean went over the edge in orgasmic bliss.
They had spent the morning comfortably consuming copious amounts of coffee and discussing everything from Deans work at Singers to how the band had come about, and Deans limited repertoire on the acoustic guitar in the corner of his lounge room. But, time moves on and Dean offered to drive Cas to rehearsal.
Dean made it to the living room, resting against the doorway, where Cas was sitting on the couch tuning his old guitar. As Sam and Lisa made it through the front door, joining him in the doorway.
Cas accepted the coffee gratefully, wrapping both his hands around the mug to steady his hands, leaning forward with his elbows propped on his knees. Bobby took the chair next to him, not wanting the boy to worry about the desk off paperwork sitting between them, angling his chair to face him. He hadn't known him for long but Cas didn't seem the type to fall apart over something small. The weekend he had spent in their home had shown him to be confident and self-assured. Even when standing in their kitchen before Dean had introduced him, he had stood tall and firm. Now, he was folding in on himself, with his eyes darting across the floor.
They couldn't be sure what pushed her over the edge, Deans hard glare or Megs nails biting into her skin, but Hannah pulled away quickly, grabbing her bag and storming out the door with a final glare at her ex-boyfriend. Cas didn't bother watching her leave. Instead, he kept his gaze fixed on the vacant seat across from him, until Dean claimed it after returning his own to its former table.
Sam's face broke into a wide grin as he stepped forward to wrap his arms around his brother’s soulmate. He might not agree with Cass stance on staying out of Deans relationship, but he loved how much the guy wanted to do the right thing by his brother. Neither saw the way Dean grinned at the sight of them embracing, or the way Lisa turned up her nose and rolled her eyes at them.
He wasn't sure how Dean ended up trapped between him and the fridge, or how their belts had found their way to the floor, but Deans hands on his shoulders and the breathless 'wait' had him freezing in place. He dropped his head to Deans shoulder to steady his breath before stepping back to see Dean clearly. Dean had his head tipped back and resting on the fridge, seemingly catching his breath just as Cas had.
"Sounds like a great idea to me." Dean chuckled, falling back on the bed again. "You know you're welcome at my place anytime and honestly, Bobby would be happier with you spending your days with us than up here on your own."
"Staying another night then?" Dean asked handing him a soda as they sat at the edge of the shed watching darkness creep in.
With that Balthazar threw his hands in the air and walked off down the street. Cursing his very existence. It always amused him that people always assumed that partying and drugs were somehow connected to making good music. More often than not, that's what made bands fall apart rather than built them up.
Dean pulled away thinking that running after the guy now and begging for his number was too pathetic for his pride to bear especially in front of the guys bandmates. He would have to stick to heading home and trying to figure out where and how he was going to see him again.
"You're welcome to anything in there." Cas answered, dropping across the bed next to Dean. "Have you decided where you're sleeping?"
"I didn't know you were such good friends with them Cassy." Daniel eyed Charlie now. "Maybe we're wasting our time trying to get you laid."
"Alright Dean" He said, bringing his attention back to Deans' face. "I haven't seen you here before. First time?"
"Probably, I think I would still have ended up in mechanics though." He considered. "I might have looked into engineering if I had the chance, that would be fun."
"Alright. But you're giving me a game of pool tonight. Don't look at me like that.” He chuckled when Dean pouted. “You've got plenty of time while he's up there" Benny stating gesturing to the stage.
Dean sighed, "I'm not going to stop hanging out with you. I like you guys. I honestly don't know what I'm doing with her, I'm still working it out alright."
Cas smirked, thinking about Dean running his hands over his chest. "Yes. I'm okay with that. Just understand that it might take me time to show affection the way you do."
"Well I haven't done anything illegal." Bobby said gruffly, drawing a laugh from his old friend. "Want a crappy cup of joe while you explain?"
"Put her on speaker." He said clearly now, recognising the name of Cass friend. "Hey Meg, it's Dean. Where's Cas?"
As Cas collapsed, he rolled to the side pulling Dean against his chest in the process. They laid there panting in the afterglow, content in each-other’s arms as they caught their breath.
"No. You mentioned Bobby the other night so I assumed you might head over this way. I've known this old bastard for years." She explained watching as Dean grabbed his hand and pulled the boy to his feet.
"I don't have too much to tell yet. He was on the other team. He's smart and cocky and has no clue how to tie a tie!"
Dean stood up grabbing a rag from the bench to clean his hands down with, while Cas leaned on the car next to him, watching the interaction closely. "Honestly, we hadn't even thought about it, why? You got something planned do you?"
"Yeah," Cas laughed, glancing at Dean. "They came in second last year. Daniel and I had a running competition going throughout the tournament. We've been meeting up to argue with each other all year."
Sam shrugged, supressing a delighted smile, and turning to head over to Cass table. Dean and Meg stood side by side as Sam swung himself into Cass lap, throwing an arm around his shoulders, and pecking him on the cheek for good measure. Cas froze at the sudden assault, pulling back to see who was in his lap more clearly, relaxing back in his chair as he recognised the kid. The shock and annoyance written across Hannah’s face had both Dean and Meg chuckling, as Cas turned in his seat and spotted him across the shop. The smile spread across Cass face, lighting his face up in an instant, as his eyes roamed over his soulmate standing unexpectedly next to his friend.
"Well he had a girlfriend anyway. So he's probably having an awkward conversation with her at some point. The point is, I think he was kinda thrown off balance by the argument, in front of his soulmate and his friend did not react well to it afterwards. He however was really nice."
Cas waved goodbye to them as Dean and Kevin moved to close in their now much smaller circle. "That guy is gay for you Cas." Kevin pointed out as he leant against the wall.
"Oh, screw her." Dean walked away pacing up and down the kitchen. "This isn't right Cas. If there's no one here than you should be at our place."
"I'm sitting right here!" Cas argued, but none of them listened to him as they turned their attention to Faith and Kevin.
"Of course I did!" Dean smirked as Cas dropped his phone on the desk and opened the draws up searching for something.
The next problem is that as the world changes, situations change and how you meet your soulmate changes. This causes the words on your skin to shift and change. The words you have at 16 may change when you're 20 or fade all together if the path that brings two soulmates together changes. These acknowledged aspects of the soulmate system had caused rift in the public perception around soulmates. Some believed that you should do everything in your power to find your soulmate, where others felt that it was too subjective and people should focus on living their lives regardless of who your soulmate turned out to be. That being said, life moved on like normal. People fell in and out of love. Got married and divorced. Worked and socialised, all without much thought about who the universe wished them to be with.
Cas lifted his chin as the guys stared openly at him now, silently challenging them to say something about it. Garth smiled broadly, jumping up to congratulate them both and handing them each a beer in the process. Ash laughed loudly, stating that Lisa was going to be pissed when she found out. Benny blinked several times, mouthing 'Really?' to Dean, who nodded, confirming it again.
A cheer went up in the crowd around the stage. Dean and Benny both looked up to see why. Cas had lifted his shirt to wipe the sweat of his face and the crowd lost it over the flash of skin. Cas smirked as a few of the women screamed for him to 'Take it off!'.
Cas was steadier on his feet as they entered the cinema, though he was still waiting for the painkillers to kick in. He and Dean had been so focused on getting to know each other last weekend that Cas hadn't had a decent conversation with Sam yet. Today, he was finding that Sam was an intelligent kid, as they discussed the various book to movie adaptations that they had seen. Sam was well read with a thirst for new literacy, his interest seemed to encompass a range of areas where Dean would only read horror, impressing Cas.
The guy looked like a sleaze-ball. A big fake rock in his ear and his hair spiked up so much that it was clear he had spent an hour in front of the mirror this morning. But it wasn't that that made Cas dislike him. It was the overly cocky swagger, the smirk like he was gods gift and the way he greeted the girls across from them with a highly suggestive 'Hey ladies!' topped off with an exaggerated wink. If that wasn't bad enough to turn his opinion, the way both girls pulled back from the desk and attempting to cover their bodies with disgusted looks etched across both their faces convinced him that this guy wasn't worth the money he had paid for that fake earing.
Dean chuckled at the ways in which her mind worked. She and Charlie would get along, if Charlie didn't have the need to come clean straightaway. He watched the table as he considered how best to make their presence known.
When Mr B sighed, Cas jumped in. "It's a debate competition with an exclusive invitation. Usually, only the highest ranking private schools in the state are invited. For them to extend the invitation to a public school is HUGE! You have to go."
Cas on the other hand walked into the shed to be greeted by his brother yelling 'Walk of Shame' to the group, causing everyone to stop what they were doing and stare at him. He could hear Kevin to the side asking Meg what a walk of shame was as she laughed. Balthazar actually dropped the phone in his hands with a 'Holy Shit!'. Thinking it was best to get his friends comments over with, Cas pulled of the aviators and gave an exaggerated bow to the group. The silence was replaced by roars of laughter and a bombardment of questions.
Kevin shrugged carelessly, though the look in his eyes betrayed his interest. "Charlie is convinced that it's designer. Which would make those stones real in my thoughts...Onyx or Sapphires. Doesn't sound like something Lisa could afford."
"I've already claimed the new kid as my knight in shining armour, you're not allowed to steal him, Winchester!"
"Definitely a compliment." He said. Watching the guys expression turn serious as the tension grew between them.
Castiel Novak, a student at a prestigious private school, thought about all of these things when he considered the words that had decorated the space above his heart for the last three months. With the knowledge of how easily those words could change or fade, he was determined not to pay too much attention to them, but was unable to deny the joy he had felt when he realised that their was some-one out there for him. Some-one that would have a deeper connection with him than he would find elsewhere.
"What? No." Cas responded as Dean finished his beer. "A friend and would-be manager if he gets us a record contract." Cas resumed his previous position and went back to studying Dean, the confusion evident on his face.
"No, you're a badass. The only badass Sammy likes is me. Unless you’re telling me you're a closet nerd under all those tattoos?"
"Okay Perdition. That only adds more questions to the angel link you know." Dean said with a pointed look.
Cas was considerably more comfortable wearing his now clean clothes from Friday night, instead of dressing in Deans like he had yesterday. Although he was wishing he had brought those aviators to the show with him, as the sun hit him in the face on their way.
"What the hell is this?" Meg asked Cas as he took a mouthful of Deans coffee, not taking her eyes off the words on Deans arm.
Dean dropped his arm to offer his hand to Daniel again. Daniel eyed him suspiciously before grasping his hand after a warning look from Cas.
Dean leant over to whisper some-thing to Kevin, using the name card to hide his mouth, before Kevin took the stage. Things got interesting as Kevin began presenting their evidence. Bringing up slide after slide of soulmates and their stories, Cas had expected this, what he hadn't considered was that each and every story they presented was centred on soulmates who maintained a platonic relationship. Choosing to keep their marriages to others. Kevin's focus was on the enrichment these pairs had found in their lives without entering a sexual relationship, and posing the question to the crowd, 'If you had the chance to meet someone who would enrich your life, would you turn your back just because you were married?'. Explaining that there was absolutely no reason for people to change their lives, or partners just because they happened to meet their other half. There was no research to back up the idea that soulmates had to be in a relationship with each other.
Meg gestured across the shop to a table where Dean could make out Cass profile as he spoke to a small brunette. He watched as she reached for Cass hand, only to have him pull it away from her at the last second.
"You guys still need to get dressed you know!" the small red-head laughed, kicking one of the boys playfully.
Dean kicked his foot in admonishment, but didn't hide the blinding smile that had settled on his face. Cas didn't fight the grin taking over his face in return, as he chuckled at Deans outburst.
"That's cold." Dean chuckled. "You're going to make me go out there with this snooty knot, just for trying to get out of wearing a tie?"
Dean was intelligent, more so than he let on, he was kind and unassuming, dropping his plans to help those in need, he was an athlete and popular amongst his peers outside of sports as well. Yet, for reasons Cas couldn't comprehend, he had this unwavering belief that he wasn't good enough. It broke his heart to think that Dean couldn't see how incredible he was.
"Looks like we're hanging with the nerds today." He gestured to the seats behind Charlie and Kevin. A quick scan of the room showed Cas that they were the only two empty seats placed side by side. Dean had abandoned his usual place with his jock friends at the back, to sit beside Cas at the front of the class room and by the looks on his friends faces, they weren't too pleased by the development. Lisa especially. Cas however, was more than happy to spend the lesson with Dean by his side. They had a habit of being physically close to each other, even without touching, when given the chance and sitting across the room within eye sight but unable to speak would have been frustrating to say the least.
Cas, whose face had remained carefully blank for the past few hours now softened with a small smile as he listened.
"I know she's being a bitch." Dean said carefully, "But I agreed to try and make it work with her, okay?"
"Alright, go play with your soulmate, but I want a photo. If I'm keeping your secret for a while I want to see how handsome this guy is!"
"Hi, I'm Dean. I'm an Aquarius. I like long walks on the beach and hot bad-asses regardless of gender!" He cursed as he ran a hand through his hair. He hadn’t had that type of strong reaction to any-one in a long time. Possibly ever.
"Wait.... Cassy, wait!" Gabe said moving forward, catching the edge of his shirt. "I didn't... I'm not trying to be an arse."
"Are we on then?" Benny asked, watching them nod in agreement. "Okay, I'll grab the boys if you want to get the nerds. Meet you up there at 7?"
"No" He said to Gabriel, opening the passenger door to grab his keys from the glovebox. "You go. I'll find my own way home."
"I'm wearing the pants, I'm wearing the shirt, why do I need the tie?" Dean complained as Kevin cornered him.
Dean laughed openly, getting up to stretch before getting dressed. He wanted nothing more at this point than to forget all about Lisa, forget that he had anything holding him back from crawling into bed with Cas and running his hands over his body. The fact that Cas had stopped him, pulling back knowing that he wanted to keep going, to keep him from crossing that line of no return, made him want the guy even more. He cared about Deans choice to stay with his girlfriend, every other person around him had been on him to dump her for the past month minimum, but Cas had called them out multiple times already and it had only been two days, defending Deans choice to be with her despite the world telling them that Cas would be or became the most important person to him. The fact that Cas understood how important those choices were, overwhelmed him.
Cas chuckled, running his hands through his hair, as he searched the ceiling carefully for his next words.
Dean kicked at the floor, thinking through the information he had been handed so far. Cas had been right. He'll be moving and likely changing schools. Not just losing his friends but depending where they went it could be too far for Dean to see him either. He'd rather Cas moved in with him than disappear just weeks after they had found each other. The idea was too cruel to contemplate. Instead he began thinking of what would make things easier on him.
"I've never heard of a place getting the same band in each night." He turned his attention back to the stage where the guitarist was singing backup vocals with the dark-haired leads arm draped around his shoulders. He desperately tried to ignore the sinking sensation in his gut as he watched them dance around each other.
Cas stepped into the kitchen properly now, holding his hand out to a still frozen Bobby. "Nice to meet you Sir."
"Sure it is! I'm taking it without permission and with no intention of giving it back! Stealing." Cas argued. "But I'll give you something in return."
"Daniel is an attack dog. If you want to throw them off, keep your heads down while you build your case, no cocky grins, no blatantly attacking their argument until the final speaker is up. Lure them into a false sense of security and let Dean rip into them with your final argument."
"At least three kids were drifting off in that class!" Cas defended at Dean snicker. "He has the perfect monotone of a robot."
All emotion drained out of Castiel's face like colour. Dean watched as his fingers started taping at one of his pockets. The tension in the group had been fluctuating since he had sat down. Now, it was thick enough to cut with a knife. Nobody dared move as they waited for Castiel's response. When he spoke it came out too formally. Too formally to suit the situation. The only one there who wasn't thrown by this change in his speech was Ash.
He heard the rev of the engine as Gabriel drove off in his little red eco car and turned back to Dean, who was watching the cars exit.
Dean claimed the guitar, sitting back against the headboard of Cass bed strumming absently as his friends combed the room. Charlie was searching through the desk draws, going over everything Cas kept in there, while Kevin was sussing out the walk-in closet.
He could see Cas shake his head as a smile crept across his face, but he didn't pull away, which pleased him greatly. He supposed that this was what soulmates meant. Some-one who took in all your strange antics and enjoyed them as much as you did. Not asking you to change. Not asking you interfering with your other relationships. Just accepting you, as you are, and staying by your side anyway. He hoped so. He wanted Cas with him in the future, he wanted to know that he could look forward to finding him in his garage, or drinking coffee in his kitchen, or arguing with his friends around a fire. He met the guy two night ago and he couldn't picture going home without him. Which is why they were laying here staring at the ceiling as darkness fell outside, rather than getting up and leaving like he should.
"Because I called him this morning to see where the hell he was." Gabe stated dramatically. "And he was bitching about being woken up at 11am!"
"Alright, yes." Dean admitted.  Wishing, desperately, to fade into the furniture. What the hell was wrong with him. He could usually lay on the charm with who-ever he wanted and now he was tripping over his own tongue.
Cas laid a hand on Ash's shoulder with a tight smile.  "I'm allowed to worry about you. And you already know I won't force you. But I'm drying out your room before we leave." He said with a pointed look before disappearing again.
"Of course, those things are important as well. I'm just saying that education is important because what happens if the band fails? How many jobs am I going to find with my only employment history being sang in a bar for three years?" Cass responded, running his fingers up and down Deans arm.
"Wow. What's it like only the other end? Having your brother turn parent?" Dean asked as he drove into the garage, pushing the button again to close the door behind them, plunging them into darkness. Except the small sliver of light escaping the door to the mudroom.
"I'll tell you what. I'll take Cassy for a few shots and see what happens." Meg added, smirking at the pair of them.
"I think you were screwed the moment you met me!" Dean answered quietly, leaning in so he could hear him. "You just haven't realised it yet. But you will."
"Chances are I'll never see this kind of money in my life!" Dean argued, running his hand over the carved poster bed.
Cas sighed heavily. He knew there was a possibility. He knew that Ash went through periods of harming himself without intent. But that was the point. "When he goes through a depressive episode, he becomes reckless. He stops caring if he harms himself and over time that leads to intentional harm. You see... He may not have meant to do it. But that coupled with the fact he was drunk of his ass before a gig. He knows better."
"I'm wearing some-one else's clothes, so I clearly haven't been home yet. Safe bet that yes I did in fact 'get busy'" Cas pointed out, rolling his eyes.
"We're done." Cas smiled passing the cloth to Dean, to clean up the coffee he spilt. "We should probably sort out where you guys want to sleep. You've got your pick of the bedrooms, as long as you don't go into my parents. Do you want the tour?"
"Why would I?" Cas asked in confusion. "I didn't even know this was Dean's school this morning. Am I supposed to go around announcing who my soulmate is to every-one I meet?"
Cas stared between the two of them, unsure what their relationship was, before sending Faith an encouraging smile as she folded herself delicately into a spot against Kevin's tree.
"I didn't tell him... But it's not hard to look at the back and figure it out. They're diamonds, by the way."
"Well, you can relax." He said mirroring Cass words back to him with a smirk. He dropped his head into the crook of Cass neck, breathing deeply as the stress left his body.
"Will you consider staying with me tonight if I promise that if Ash rings, I'll drive. If you're worried, we can drop him of tonight and I can ask Ellen to keep an eye out for him as well."
Dean looked at Bobby for an explanation. Bobby returned his look of confusion, having no idea what Sam was playing at. "What friend are we picking up?"
Cas closed the space between bringing his hand up slowly to cup the back of Deans neck. He waited there for a beat giving Dean time to step back and stop him. But Dean didn't stop him, instead hands came up to rest on Cass waist as his eyes slid to his mouth in anticipation. Cas leaned in, gently guiding him into the kiss, as his heart raced. Deans hands left goosebumps as they moved up his back pulling him closer. He lost himself in Deans scent as he deepened the kiss. Unable to think of anything but the pleasing combination of beer, engine oil and leather and the feel of Deans body pressed firmly against his own.
"I'm not getting in the way of that Dean. It doesn't sound like she'll appreciate me being in your house." Cas said, noting the way Charlie scrunched up her face to keep from saying anything. "You could always stay at my place tonight?"
"I don't want to know what that was, and if anyone asks I gave someone detention for it, okay?" He asked as he made his way over and sat on the desks opposite them.
“Come on,” he ordered, tugging at the doona below them. “You need to get under the covers, you know.”
"I thought you said he was nice Ash." Ellen said grimly, tracing her fingers around the lip of her glass as she stared after Castiel.
"And I'm straight!" Charlie said with a pointed look. "The guy wanted to rip my face off for touching you!"
Castiel watched intently as he shrugged of the leather jacket, dropping it behind him as he held out his left arm. There, standing out against the pale skin of his forearm, were Castiel's own words. Glaring up at him, with no possible way for them to have come from anywhere else. Tearing his eyes away from the words, he held out his coffee cup, asking him silently to hold it for a moment. His soulmate took it carefully, waiting patiently as he pulled his tie off and slowly undid half of the buttons on his shirt, pulling it too the side to expose the words across his chest. He kept his shirt open until the guy looked back up into his face with a smile pulling on his lips.
"Wait. You’re still in school? How do you go from studying to band practice and back again?" Dean asked wrapping his mouth around a slice of bacon.
"No." Sam called defiantly, glaring at the Agent. "She just made Castiel homeless and I'm supposed to be polite because she knew John and Mary? No thanks!"
Castiel laughed and wished them luck before he left to find a seat in the hall. He was surprised to find Meg and Balth loitering at the side room as he entered.
Cas, who hadn't taken his eyes off Dean, started buttoning his shirt up now that Dean had turned to Sam to explain.
"There was a cute guy at the bar earlier, haven't seen him around have you?" Cas responded with a smirk. Turning around to face Dean front on.
Cas watched as Daniel's face hardened as Dean delivered the final address. Listening closely to hard evidence being re-iterated with anger and passion. Making sure to focus on the issues that would hit the economics of the crowd the most. Showing the clear benefits of changing the system by the breakdown of universal health already implemented in other parts of the world. When he finished, Dean sent smirk directly at Daniel, making a point of singling him out in the team.
Dean thought about that for a few minutes, the reality was he never really gave it much thought before. Everything had always been about how to survive till next week, for years. What he hadn't mentioned to Cas was how he working a full-time job at night to pay the bills while he did the apprenticeship through the day. He had barely seen Sammy or any-one else outside of weekends for a few years. Probably why he enjoyed being at home so much now.
When the impala pulled up at the front of Kevin's house this time, it carried three occupants not two. Deciding that Ash was in no state to be driving anywhere Dean offered him a lift. They were headed to the same place anyway. Ash hopped out squinting in the sunlight.
Cas shrugged, twirling a spanner in his hands as he thought. "I don't know, really. Right now all I want is the chance to spend some time getting to know you and actually seeing if we can be friends without the soulmate label and take it from there."
"Ah... no. Not really..." He began as the man watched him. Dean cursed internally, especially as Benny choose this moment to start laughing behind him. So much for playing it off cool. "Okay, maybe."
Cas turned to look at him now. The prick hadn't even opened his book yet. Instead he lounged back in his chair casting his eyes over the other students, particularly the females, in a way that assured him that Faith and her friends reaction to this guy would be considered normal.
"I... I didn't know where else to go..." He choked out in the end, sliding his hands into his pocket and staring at his feet. It didn't take a genius to see that the boy was miserable.
Cas stopped his pacing to watch Sam strum awkwardly. It made him feel better to here that it wasn't his fault Dean was changing his plans, though he doubted that his girlfriend would see things that way with him standing in their house.
"If you are uncomfortable, we don't have to continue" he stated. "I hope you know this. I don't want anything to happen here if you're not sure."
"So, when did you start. Smoking that is?" He asked before wandering down the hall to dump the clothes in the wash.
"Sam. Come over here and say hello to Ellen." Bobby called, shifting the attention away from Cas for a moment.
"Can't. I have to get up and help Bobby soon." He sighed, propping himself up on his elbow to look down at Cas. "Do you regret it?"
"Kevin, Charlie and I had grabbed some coffee and were dicking around in the back parking lot of the centre. Cas wandered over, coffee cup in hand and leaned on the wall a few metres away, no big deal, there were plenty of people doing the same thing. He was laughing at some-thing on his phone and picked up Charlies attention, she recognised him from all those debate recording she got hold off last week but couldn't place his face in the dark. So she asks him if she knows him and they get talking.
"Good side? You think you have a good side?" Cas sassed, stepping back to take a picture of Dean leaning against the Impala, illuminated by the by the lights of the diner behind him.
"Cool. It's not me!" Ash laughed packing away his equipment and securing them into place in the van.
He looked towards Dean. Dean was running his hand through his hair looking between him and a car across the street, before stepping out onto the road and heading towards the car.
"I didn't. It's mine, a birthday gift from my brother." Cas admitted. "I doubt he would let me buy him something like that."
"Three police visits to our house inside a month." Cas said taking notice of the cars parked down the drive. Just his luck to be the last one here.
"Last chance, Castiel!" Came Gabriels' voice with more than a hint of resignation in it. Cas turned his head just enough to bring Gabe into his vision.
Lisa huffed her way out of the class quickly at the end of session. Dean watched her go without any desire to chase her. He had been with her long enough to know that chasing her is exactly what she wanted. She wanted him desperate to apologise and make it up to her. To treat her like the princess she wanted to be. However, he had run out of energy to care. He had picked up on her desire to sabotage his chances of meeting Cas, but he had never heard her admit it, demand it, so blatantly before and he wasn't sure if he could over look that.
As the band got stuck into their run through, they forgot all about Castiels misadventures. No more questions were asked, and no more information given as they prepared for that nights show. That was the good thing about working so hard to make Perdition successful, all of them took it seriously. And when they got into performance mode, all outside distractions were forgotten until the performance was wrapped up. The only conversations that followed their rehearsal was around staging. What moves had the audience liked, what was the best way to transition between each song and where they getting the look right. Which is how Castiel ended up in a debate with Meg and his brother about the use of eyeliner before the show.
"Jesus Cas. What happened?" He asked with a laugh. He hadn't meant to laugh but Cass look of pure horror was hilarious.
"Apparently public schools don't have uniforms." Cas informed him slowly. "And I get the feeling that if I show up in my usual attire, I'll be asking for someone to kick the crap out of me."
"You haven't heard a word I've said, have you?" Benny exclaimed. It took him a moment to register the amused annoyance in his friends’ voice.
Samandriel stepped forward grinning cheekily. "Because they're all rich, religious pricks who simultaneously believe that soulmates are your god given spouse and being gay is a sin. So..."
Cas looked at Dean carefully, before stepping out of the car and rounding the hood to lean inside the driver window.
"And... It's going to take some time I think." Benny eyed him, waiting for him to continue. "We're friends... We just met Benny. This weekend is kind of a crash course in getting to know each other, as friends."
"Fine. I'm alive you prick," Cas groaned again. "Was there anything else?" He asked as Deans arms snaked around him and pulled him to his chest.
Dean nodded in appreciation as Cas took his seat. Their argument had thrown Cas off balance, he saw that by the way his eyes had darted around the room before he presented, but he had thought on his feet adjusting to the change quickly. Dean had to admit, he didn't think they would recover so quickly, he had expected them to continue down their original line of soulmates causing problems to peoples lives. But they didn't and now he found that he would have to adjust his final argument to counter.
"Well, I'm not hiding it am I?" Dean turned back to Benny. "Did you want an official announcement or are we good?"
Cas turned his back on him then. The guy wasn't worth his time, but he hoped desperately that some-one would put him in his place soon. The girl came back few minutes later, her face red and her head down as she took her seat beside Faith again. He spent the rest of the lesson ignoring his desk-mate and was more than happy to see that he was the first one up and out off the door when the bell rang.
Cas and Ash picked this moment to appear beside the booth. Ash's hands wrapped in clean bandages now and Cass face a careful mask again as he looked over the three of them.
The heavy hands that came down on Ash's shoulders made him jump. The three at the table watched in surprise as Castiel bent down and whispered something into his ear. Dean couldn't hear the words, but the dark look in Cass eyes coupled with the grip he had on Ash's shoulders convinced him it wasn't good. As Ash raised his hands in surrender, Cas smiled darkly, straightening up and looking around the group again.
"A friend of Cassy's that has been trying to get into his pants for the past year." Meg explained with a smirk, as Cas gagged at the thought. "He managed to stick his tongue down his throat last night, before Cassy realised what he was doing."
"Looks like it..." he replied stretching his neck out, trying to ease the tension in it. "I might get disowned yet. Does that offer to move in still stand?"
"If you want breakfast before we have to leave, we need to look at getting up." Dean sat up, blinking the sleep out of his eyes when an arm snaked around his middle, pulling him back down.
He was just a little worried about the outcome. Will Castiel shove him away just as he had with Dean? Will Alistair cause a scene in the middle of the party? What about after the party? Would everything go back to normal or will things just end up being worse? All the questions above brought up a well of anxiety within him and he tried extremely hard not to swell on them.
Dean eventually hung up just a few minutes before his break was up with the promise that he would give Sam all the updates and to let him know if there was an ass kicking that needed to happen. As suffocating as Sam could be sometimes, Dean knew he could always turn to him for help.
The illusion of it all though had been shattered shortly after. But, was it all truly an illusion? Couldn’t have been. Castiel’s feelings for Dean were real, true, and the kiss they had later shared was nothing short of magical. Recalling such memories had Castiel’s heart pounding in his chest. How could he turn Dean down now?
Castiel waited to send his reply until he stopped off at his dorm room to take a shot of whiskey before work.
Dean would be the perfect candidate if he were being perfectly honest. And, if he were so bold as to imagine it, he could easily imagine Dean as the alpha he needed close by, the alpha he could hold onto, nuzzle into, scent and fuck…Castiel was getting ahead of himself. Good God, maybe his heat was much closer than he thought, or perhaps it was just the whiskey making him warm all over.
The lyrics were perfect, in some strange way they really spoke to Castiel. It made him feel all sorts of wild emotions and looking at Posse Magnet now, seeing him smile, physically feeling just how real he was under his touch. He felt a sense of peace he hadn’t felt in so long, if at all.
The look on the man’s face softened somewhat, which wasn’t something Castiel had been expecting. Sure, he was still clearly pissed, but something in his face and even his body language had shifted after taking the card. His shoulders relaxed a fraction and he let out a sigh. “Look, its fine. I get it – “
Benny laughed and raised his shot. “It can’t be all that bad, but sure!” They clinked their glasses together and shot the liquor back. It burned going down Dean’s throat but it was starting to get easier now.
Posse_Magnet67[1:11PM]: Then I have the perfect idea! Why don’t you go to that party then, dress up? We could finally put an end to the mystery and reveal ourselves.
“I told him what Charlie did. He needed to admit his guilt to you in person. He had hoped for a different response, but he knew what was right. He was afraid Cas, afraid of losing you altogether. I hoped to calm his fears, but uh, I guess the cats out of the bag now.”
“Oh God..” Pamela giggled when Dean finally pulled out and tugged the condom off his softening cock. He tied off the end and dropped it to the floor before collapsing onto his back. “That was..”
Castiel let out a heavy sigh and glanced over at Dean who appeared terribly busy with yet another group of people demanding his attention. He wanted to spend more time with the alpha, talk some more, but the man was busy and it was getting late anyway. So with it decided, Castiel slapped thirty dollars on the counter beneath his glass and made his way out of the bar.
Benny nodded in agreement. “Well, I’m sorry to hear that brother. I know you were a little sweet on him for a time.” His tone was light, teasing, and Dean’s cheeks turned pink with embarrassment.
Castiel nodded as he took his phone back, a smile on his face. Posse Magnet certainly was attractive, sexy, and he felt very lucky. But then again –
Dean glanced at his palm and then back up at Cas. A smile broke out on his face. “Sure. Yeah I can do that, but you know…I could have just looked in your file at work if I really wanted your number.” Dean winked and oh Lord, it was so hard not to blush at that. Castiel was so screwed.
Charlie paused, a little concerned. “You don’t mean like, all his info, like, I don’t know, bank information and things like that, right? We don’t need that stuff.”
He sighed and rolled his eyes when he heard his sister and whoever she was with open her bedroom door and stumble inside.
Becky’s nose scrunched up at that, displeased by the idea. “Why?! That makes no sense. He’s hiding something…” She leaned back in her chair, her fingers drumming on her desk.
“Well, hey, wait.” Castiel followed him to the driver’s side. Perhaps he was a lot more drunk than he though, because the next thing he did was pull a pen out from an inside pocket of his jacket and he grabbed Dean’s hand. Quickly, he scribbled his number into the palm of his hand, a smile on his face. Oh, this reminded him of when Dean gave him his number, also written on his palm way back when. “Text me.” Castiel capped the pen, refusing to allow himself to blush. Then again he could just blame it on the alcohol. “You know, so I know you made it home okay.”
“I’m uh, well I’m good. Gotta say though, I’m missing my study partner.” It was spoken like a joke, but when he looked up at Cas his expression was serious. He really missed the dork and he hoped he conveyed it well enough.
Sam suddenly paused, the look on his face that of fear and uncertainty, afraid of what he meant by those words. “You’re…What?”
“He seems like a really sweet guy.” Jo’s comment sounded genuine, though he could tell she was wary, concerned for him.
But, no matter, Dean had some friends to mingle with and some drinking games to play. He’d worry about his current troubles tomorrow.
“The dude was a bully! He had it coming.” Dean slurred. “I’ll never forget the praise Sam got from the whole school that day.”
Shit, the guy was clearly an alpha, there was no need to scent the air as the fiery look in his eyes was evidence enough.  A very attractive, very pissed off alpha. And wasn’t that just the icing on the cake? What the hell else could possibly go wrong? Castiel reached for his wallet and with shaky hands, retrieved his insurance card and handed it over. “I’m so sorry..I…I didn’t mean to, I – “ Jesus, he should really stop talking. He sounded every bit the submissive little omega who royally fucked up.
Each second that ticked by was another mile stretched out between him and Dean, a distance he’ll never be able to bridge. The loss he felt, the hopelessness and the pain of it tore more cries from him, the back of his head banging against the door in abject frustration as the tears continued to roll down his cheeks.
“Sam, that man is one weird, dorky little guy and I…” He couldn’t seem to get the rest of the words out. Frustrated, he ran a hand over his face. Thankfully Dean didn’t have to say much more for Sam to get it.
Before Dean could even think of something to say, Charlie spoke again. “So do you mind telling me why you’re playing games with my best friend?”
“Well, no, it’s clearly not fine. I was distracted and rear ended you.” Castiel paused a moment to study the car in question. It was an old, black model of quite a few decades. Aside from where Castiel hit it, the car was shiny and clean, buffed to perfection. It was painfully obvious how much this car must mean to the guy, there was no reason to downplay it.
Castiel smiled, relieved. He felt a ton better, albeit with a bit more to think about but it felt good to have some sort of direction. “Thanks Naomi, you’ve really helped.”
An image of Dean flashed through his mind, a flashback really from when he watched Dean leave the shop room; how dirtied up he had been covered in oil and grime. He had worn nothing but a wife beater and some beat up jeans. But fuck, he looked fucking gorgeous…Painfully so.
Sam shrugged. “Okay, maybe not. Maybe you’re Cas-sexual instead.” Sam grinned over the rim of his coffee.
Castiel nodded, a grin tugging at the corner of his mouth. “That’s because I don’t frequent this place.” He shrugged. “It’s been a few years since I’ve been.”
Gabriel took his leave then, and with him finally gone, Dean lead the way towards the wash bays where his Baby was still parked, sparkling and shiny from her recent bath. Dean retrieved the towel that sat on his shoulder and ran it over the hood of the car, wiping away any water spots that may remain. He turned around then and what he witnessed was quite honestly the most adorable and probably embarrassing thing ever.
Castiel had given him some pretty serious signals and there was that comment he made about Dean checking out his ass – which he most definitely had been. The sly dog had taken a line out of Dean Winchester’s very own book and walked away as though it were nothing.
When Castiel arrived at Dean’s door just after six that evening, Sam was the one to greet him. “Oh, hey Cas.” Sam held the door open from him to walk through.
Posse_Magnet67[2:35PM]: No, you haven’t creeped me out exactly. But who is this? How do you know me?
God this was rough. So this is what their friendship was reduced to? Stupid small talk that went nowhere? It was awkward, sad, and all Dean wanted to do was to shake Cas by the shoulders and tell him how he truly felt.
To Dean’s dismay he didn’t receive a response that night, nor the following morning. It didn’t help that he had been constantly thinking about the incredibly erotic conversation they had almost two nights ago, unable to rid himself of certain fantasies. It was quite the wild night and Dean was half tempted to ask where Casanova’s dorm room was. His rules had gotten in the way of that though.
Posse_Magnet67[9:53AM]: I’m as serious as a heart attack. I’m always here when you need me. You’re in class now right?
“Jo,” Dean fixed her with a warning look. “He apologized and he’s leaving this all up to me. And besides, you told me I’d never know unless I tried to reconnect with him. So, this is me trying. If things go to shit then hey, that’s fine by me.”
Benny sputtered at the sudden announcement, some droplets of his drink spilling over the rim of his glass. “W-What!”
To say Dean was bit apprehensive was an understatement. What if Cas was just setting out to reel him in with flirtatious banter, get his hopes up just to pull the rug right out from under him all over again? Was it all just a ruse? No, Cas was a good guy, deep down he had to be. Right?
Dean paused, taking a moment to think over his answer. He looked thoughtful and maybe slightly taken aback by the implication, which told Castiel everything he needed to know. Yet, he still denied it with a simple; “I don’t.”
“And yours sounds like you gargled a bunch of rocks, but in a good way.” Dean mused. “What are you doing right now?” He asked tentatively, licking his lips. He tried to calm himself down, wanted to as there was that bit of guilt swirling around with the mounting arousal within him. Dean shouldn’t be getting physically excited by this man, regardless of whether or not it was Castiel. It was just wrong.
So, it was decided. Castiel, with his regained control, wandered into the kitchenette and pulled the bottle down from an overhead cupboard. Quickly, he popped the cap and without a moments hesitation he put the bottle to his lips and he chugged it. It was disgusting, sure, and it made him want to gag, but the burn of it down his throat, the liquid fire seemed to work wonders. The cackling had finally stopped and he couldn’t feel the monster’s presence any longer.
Castiel [10:13PM]: But I’ve always liked dinosaurs. Was obsessed as a kid. You ever see that meme on Facebook where you feel like you’ve been born in the wrong generation and then there’s a picture of dinosaurs next to it?
Castiel was silent, his hands clasped together between his knees. He took it all in, every word. “I appreciate that Dean, thank you.” His jaw flexed a little, the muscle fluttering underneath the skin there. “What’s done is done, there’s no going back to change it. I understand why you did it.” He lifted his head to look Dean in the eyes, his face almost devoid of emotion except for the grave look in his eyes. “But I…You know I can’t trust you anymore…”
He would spend much of his time setting up his room but the most he could do was put his clothes in his dresser and the closet. The rest of his stuff sat in his car at the shop, for how much longer he wasn’t sure. Castiel supposed he could take a walk around the block to get accustomed to his new neighborhood, but he’s already done that a few times.
So Castiel drove home, a smile on his face and an idea on his mind. As he waited for a response, he tore off his shirt and settled on his bed. The act of undoing the button and drawing down the zipper of his pants ignited a fire low in his belly, excitement filling him, his cock twitching and responding in kind at all the possibilities.
“Well I’m glad she’s going good, all things considered.” She smiled. A customer flagged her down from the bar, a needy one at that. She rolled her eyes and smiled at the two before quickly taking her leave.
Charlie had eventually changed the subject and prattled on excitedly about some girl she saw earlier. She swore the girl had given her “The look” and she was determined to find her later.
“You better have insurance!” The stranger demanded as he pulled out his phone and began taking quick snapshots of the damage, cooing sweet words to his car. “Oh Baby, I’m sorry the idiot hit you. We’ll get you fixed up.”
Dean watched him scan over his horribly done equations, his pen scratching on paper, marking wherever he needed to discuss with him. As Castiel worked, Dean couldn’t help but really notice him, the way his fingers held the pen between index and thumb, how his brows drew tightly together in concentration. How his dark hair was always gently tousled in such a way that screamed bedhead and yet it seemed to suit him so well. And his eyes, they were the most striking shade of blue he has ever seen…
Posse_Magnet67[8:17PM]: Nonsense! I still have the photos you sent me a while back, you do a pretty damn good job if I do say so myself.
“Shit…” The admission and the tone of Casanova’s voice had Dean stiffening instantly in his jeans. “Really? I figured after such a long, uh, lull in self pleasure that you would have just gone for it any chance you got.” Dean chuckled, pressing the heel of his palm against the bulge in his jeans.
Castiel was there in an instant. He wrapped an arm around him to keep him steady. “Are you alright?” He chuckled.
Castiel pocketed his phone as he opened the door to the shop’s lobby. There was a slightly older woman there manning the phones and typing away on the computer. An older man, dirtied with oil and muck from working on multiple cars during the day, had just walked behind the counter. He noticed Castiel and looked up, wiping his hands on a towel he pulled out of his pocket.
“You’re a little too drunk for my liking, that’s why.” He snatched the keys away with a grin. But Dean just wasn’t having it.
“One step at a time.” Charlie smiled. “Now, what do you say we go back to my room and have ourselves an old-fashioned sleepover. I know its early, but we can go shopping for snacks and rent some movies. I can let Becky know too, she’s always a good distraction.”
They began a second time and Dean actively shut off the previous thoughts from earlier and pays more attention. He asked all the questions he wanted to and received plenty of answers and clarification. Before they knew it, Castiel’s break was over and they were parting ways, Cas telling him to text if he had any other questions.
To be honest, Castiel was a little embarrassed. He was such a private person, hiding specific details about himself from people was something he tended to do as aw ay to protect himself. Perhaps that was why he never really argued with Posse Magnet about the rules set forth when they first met. But, those photos did expose him, leaving him completely vulnerable. He had a mind to talk to Posse Magnet about it, but what would he even say?
Castiel took notice of the pensive look on his face, the flutter of muscles tensing in his jaw. “I take it your father wasn’t around often.”
Castiel awoke with a start, those last words startling him something awful. They replayed over and over in his mind as he lied there in bed, his breathing slightly labored. The words unsettled him, made him hot all over; hell, the whole dream did.
“Wait,” Castiel interrupted. “Sam told you what we’re – “ God damnit, well, that was just… “That’s embarrassing…” He ducked his head and rubbed the palms of his hands on the knees of his jeans. Did everything suddenly just get even hotter in here? Or was it the whiskey? A wave of shame washed over Castiel in a quick rush and he was certain Dean could smell it on him.
Castiel [10:07PM]: I just learned this today but apparently there’s a dinosaur called the Pegomastax. Super weird. It looks like a cross between a parrot and porcupine, and had a beak with teeth that sharpened themselves against each other.”
For the next couple of hours, the group enjoyed each other’s company. More food and drinks arrived and plenty more games of pool were played. As it happened, Charlie was very good at the game, quite competitive too. She bested Dean in a couple rounds.
Its been 5 years since Castiel left Dean but they have since reunited. Both are struggling with the attraction they still feel for each other despite what they put each other through in college. And of course, both are terrified to discuss any of it in any serious capacity, cuz well, theyre idiots lol
He wasn’t sure if he’d be able to let bygones be bygones. There was still a lot of shit that needed to be said, to be resolved.
Posse_Magnet67[3:04PM]: An overcoat riiiiight lol It’s perfect :) Soooo, I was kinda curious about something.
They both laughed at that. “I did too. It’s been quite some time since I’ve allowed myself to let go and have fun.”
Gabriel peered over Castiel’s shoulder, reading a few of the survey questions on the screen of his laptop. How important is physical fitness to you? Not very important, somewhat important, important, very important. How important is Aftercare to you? Not very important, somewhat important, very important. How high would you say your libido is during Heat? Not very high, somewhat high, average, very high. How high would you say your libido is not during Heat? Not very high, somewhat high, average, very high. Those were just to name a few amongst the huge laundry list of questions Castiel had to answer.
There was no doubt that Dean had asked the question with the purpose to arouse something within Cas and it wasn't exactly with good intentions as it might have appeared to an outsider. Despite Dean ‘pretending’ as though nothing had happened between them, he was pretty damn good at achieving what he set out to do. Dean was still pissed about Castiel leaving, that much was clear.
Dean[11:35AM]: Hey! Listen, I’m in serious need for a beer, or 5. How about you, me and a few rounds of pool sound?
Castiel nodded in understanding before turning to his mate. “Mathew, I’m scared.” He nuzzled into the crook of his neck, scenting him and searching out the comforting scent of sandalwood and birch.
“You oughta take better care of it boy!” Bobby hollered as he climbed out of the driver seat and tossed Dean the keys.
Everything was going to be so new and fresh. Sioux Falls being completely foreign to him, hell, even the air was bound to smell differently. Castiel could hardly wait. Besides, he was going to be with his sister finally, after all these years. They can finally rebuild the close relationship they had when they were kids.
“Okay, sure, that’s true. But half the fun is being physically attracted to the other person. Think back to when you and Mathew first got together. Think about what that was like. It was probably all fireworks and hot pheromones, am I right?”
So Dean gave her a nice bath with all the proper fixings just as she deserved. As he knelt down and scrubbed away at the dirt on his wheels, he thought briefly about the other car, Castiel’s car to be precise. It had been pretty banged up too, the owner having been pretty damn shaken up too.
“Sweetie?” Jo started with a hand on his shoulder. “He might be right. Let’s start you off with a water and go from there. If you’re a good boy I might get you another drink later. But only if you’re good!” She pointed a finger at him letting him know she meant business.
“That doesn’t mean anything. You don’t have to know much about someone to be attracted to them. Maybe you can get Dean to be your partner, huh?” He teased, nudging his elbow against Castiel’s arm.
If anyone had asked him three months ago where he imagined he would be in the months to come, he wouldn’t be able to give an answer. He certainly never imagined he’d be here, watching Dean Winchester of all people play a game of pool with his best friend.
Avoiding Sam and his persistent questions was always a challenging feat, especially now, when all Dean wanted to do was enjoy his meal in peace. But no, the kid cared too much, it was his biggest downfall if he had any.
Dean simply smiled at Cas, silent. He shrugged his shoulders, half tempted to tell him about it but at the last moment he chose not to. “How about we order a couple shots, yeah? And some good ol bar food!”
“Oh whatever Dean. Believe what you will. I think we got enough photos, you ready to hit it? I’m starving.”
Few minutes later while Dean was lining up a shot, a set of hands suddenly grabbed at his shoulders in a jerking manner. “Hey! How’s it going brother!”
Dean walked over to his car, pulling out his keys. “You sure? C’mon Cas, I promise I wont kidnap you if that’s what you’re worried about.”
There was a lot he needed to work on, he knew that. And right now, with the whiskey out of his system, he could feel something. Like an itching sensation at the back of his skull, an urge of some kind. Castiel was jumpy, and on high alert. He knew at one point sooner or later he was going to have another episode.
Castiel’s eyes widened suddenly then as though the severity of the situation had finally dawned on him. “Oh! God…Dean..I’m sorry, I –“
CasaNova36[9:50AM]: I just…I’m sorry. I shouldn’t unload all my crap onto you when you’ve been nothing but a really good friend to me.
“Dean, it’s going to be okay.” Sam whispered as he held him close. It didn’t help, though Dean wished the sentiment did. It just didn’t.
That wasn’t a good sign. Castiel wasn’t ever one to imbibe too much, especially not ever in the afternoon. Something major triggered this and it worried her deeply. “Cas…What happened?” She asked him, her fingers running through his hair.
Benny laughed and motioned for Dean to play as it was finally his turn again. “Well, look at you go. I’d be happy to be a buffer for you two.”
Oh, it fit like a freakin glove. He wasn’t sure how it would fit with his idea of being an angel, but then again, what did male angels even look like?
Sam chuckled and followed Dean. “Wow, I totally called it.” He made the teasing comment as he grabbed his own beer from the fridge.
“Look, its fine.” Dean interrupted. “I was wrong okay? I shouldn’t have kissed you, shouldn’t have just assumed you felt the same way. I understand why you reacted the way you did.”
Bobby looked between the two curiously, an eyebrow raised in speculation. ‘You two know each other or something?” He asked Dean.
“Well, you’d never guess who’s sister she belongs to.” Benny’s eyes widened in disbelief, his beer poised at his lips. He set it back down. “No…Okay, nope. We definitely need shots for this!” So they ordered more shots and Dean proceeded to tell him about he slept with Anna this last time and how Cas found them in the kitchen the following morning. Benny laughed the whole way, shaking his head. He really couldn’t believe it.
He vaguely recalled seeing Cas after being pulled out of the car. The memory itself felt like a dream, but he was positive he had seen the look of terror in his eyes directed right at him. He had seen the tears staining his cheeks and his voice shook with fear. Thinking back on it now made his heart ache.
I remember my first session strapped to a chair…” His breath hitched as he recalled the memories. It was so strange, he hadn’t really thought about it all in years, and now, as he retold the story it almost didn’t feel real. Like it was another life he lived. It had been real though, everything about it was.
“Uh,” Dean blinked a few times as though to rid the fog from his brain and return to reality, his eyes never leaving Castiel’s. He scratched the back of his head and huffed. “Yeah, a long time ago.”
“Thanks! It’s my pride and joy, my baby. Got her as a gift from the old man on my twenty first birthday.” Dean started up the engine and made his way out of the parking lot.
“I…” There were so many things he wanted to say, and yet at the same time nothing came to mind. He was too lost in the moment, too lost in those green eyes and that heady scent he grew so accustomed to. So instead of speaking, he inched closer to show Dean, coming up on his knees and angling his head just so. God, how he wanted this,
But naw, Dean wasn’t one to follow his own advice, because he proceeded to tap out a reply he should probably regret. He didn’t, however.
Oh, Castiel was laughing now. It was real, and straight from the belly. Dean certainly had to have lost his mind by now. “You’ve got to be kidding.” He replied with a shake of his head, wiping away the tears from his eyes.
So, fuck it. Castiel was going to send his friend a photo of himself as well. Screw all the preconceived notions of right and wrong he learned long ago. He went over to his desk, grabbed a sheet of blank paper and with a bold pen he wrote: “Hello Posse Magnet”. He returned to the couch, raised his shirt up as high as it would go and held the newly made sign down at his crotch. He snapped a couple photos and once he was satisfied with the best one, he sent them to his friend.
Castiel blinked, a curious glint in his eyes. “Uhm, maybe a little. My friends suggested we drink before coming. They said something about ‘pre-gaming’” He used the air quotations for added affect and if it wasn’t the most adorable thing ever. A tipsy, confused and awkward Castiel was quite the treat.
Castiel couldn’t help but smile at their many praises and squeals of excitement. He was so glad he went over there at the behest of his friends. Though if it weren’t for the liquid courage flowing through his veins, he wasn’t sure he would have done it. Perhaps Dean would have come over instead.
Posse Magnet’s hands slid down Castiel’s sides, the fingers of one hand stroking through the feathers of a wing. His breath was warm in the crook of his neck, hot and heady. It sent shivers down his spine and had his back arching into the touch. Fuck, Castiel was reminded of their intense phone calls they had, of the lewd photos.
“Vegas. It was pretty cool.” She beamed. “Won about 1100 bucks buuuut then I lost like 500 of it. But hey! 600 is 600. Would you like a beer?”
What the hell was he doing? Talking to him, pretending to be someone he wasn’t while at the same time pretending Casanova wasn’t Castiel. And for what reason? What could dean possibly gain from all of this?
The remainder of Castiel’s evening was fairly uneventful except from the unexpected face time call from Charlie. Oh, he was so happy to see her face.
“I don’t know…It’s all…” He sighed, uncertain how to voice his thoughts and opinions. He really didn’t want to go through with any of this. He just wanted to stay home, curled up in his weighted blankets and munch on snacks between bouts of sexual frustration.
“So uh, what made you want to become a paramedic in the first place?” Castiel asked, stealing a couple garlic knots and popping one in his mouth. He chewed thoughtfully as he waited for Sam’s answer.
Posse_Magnet67[11:18PM]: Okay, uhm, let’s play 20 questions! If you had one year left to live, what would you do?
Castiel fixed the younger Winchester with a look of sincerity. “I broke things off with Dean; doesn’t mean I can’t still be friends with his brother.”
Castiel took a brief moment to think about it. He knew Dean wanted to hear him say that he would have done the same thing, but that just wasn’t true. If Cas had recognized Dean instead he would have spoken up, immediately. Perhaps they would have talked about this crazy, strange coincidence. Perhaps they would have laughed about it over the phone…Maybe they would have been able to figure out how to be friends with Castiel’s condition because the Universe clearly had to be telling them something.
Castiel couldn’t avoid the situation, he knew Dean probably had a million questions for him. They needed to talk about what happened and God help him, Castiel was going to have to set things straight with Dean. Either he did it now or wait until he was cornered. Now seemed like the better option.
“Well it suits you, Castiel.” Dean appeared thoughtful for a moment. “A strange name for a strange dude.”
Realizing he still had the towel clutched in his hand, he decided to sling it over his shoulder before pulling open the door and stepping inside. “Heya Cas!” He announced, beaming. “I thought I saw you walk on in here.”
Dean was greeted with the late September chill once he stepped outside, a welcome contrast to the overwhelming warmth that was most definitely not caused by any heater inside. He had it bad, apparently, and something needed to be done about it.
She nodded and rushed over to him, hugging him tightly despite his messed up shoulder. “My God, I’m so glad you’re okay.” She kissed his temple before punching him in his good shoulder, making that the second time he was rightfully assaulted today. “Don’t you ever scare me like that again! I don’t want Gabe calling me from two states away with more bad news. It’s not…It’s...” Tears welled up in her eyes and Cas knew this whole ordeal brought her back to the day their parents were struck and killed by a drunk driver. She had been in the backseat that night and she’d been the only survivor. She hadn’t been okay after that for many years.
Castiel left Dean’s apartment at nearly eleven that night, much longer than he expected him to stay. He was glad though. He got to see Cas smile at some of the jokes his brother made, heard his laugh a few other times. Dean enjoyed the man’s company and was a little reluctant to see him leave.
However, there were these lights, bright colorful lights that pierced through the darkness. There were reds and blues and even purples. For a moment he wondered if he were entering heaven, if heaven were an actual place. He never really believed in that sort of thing, but the lure of sleep was so tempting that perhaps he would be okay with whatever lied on the other side.
That kiss they shared…It was everything. He knew how he felt for Cas in that moment, but it had all shattered and he refused to acknowledge it even now.
Then there was Posse Magnet who he still felt an attraction for, but things had changed quite drastically after what happened with Dean. It was strange…Maybe Posse Magnet could help him. Maybe he could be an outlet of sorts for Castiel. The whiskey seemed to be doing its job lately so what harm could there be in going to this party and ending the mystery between them? It wasn’t like a romantic relationship was required of them at all. Posse Magnet could turn out to be a really good friend. Castiel knew he needed to talk to someone, but would it be okay if he waited until after the Halloween party?
Sam and the nurse both pressed a hand to his chest as he tried – and failed – to climb out of the bed. “Dean, chill. Cas is okay. He’s a bit banged up, but otherwise, he is fine. He was discharged about a week ago.”
“Well who says I’m still talking to him huh?” Dean asked, hoping to throw her off his trail and the end the witch hunt. But then again, Charlie was smart; she had to have caught on to the fact that he never even denied talking to Cas in the first place, which makes it look like Dean knew the entire time. He was beyond guilty.
But God, it had to be Dean, right? It just had to. Maybe that was why Charlie never called it off with Ash; because she knew deep down that it had to be Dean.
They all clinked their glasses together and shot the vodka back, Castiel hesitating at first. He watched his friends take theirs one by one, a feeling of peace coming over him. A dorky smile broke out on his face. He truly had some amazing friends, albeit some strange ones, plus one amazing brother. He may not be one for parties, but this moment here, this feeling of camaraderie, Castiel liked it, relished in it.
Posse_Magnet67[1:47PM]: Well the first one was from a few days ago, telling me they had a fat crush on me? Makes no sense though cause’ no one knows who I am on here. At least they shouldn’t…And the second one was just a few minutes ago. Apologizing for bothering me with their first text. Idk, what should I do?
Posse_Magnet67[1:05PM]: I don’t know, I guess I didn’t want anyone knowing that I had an account on here. Stupid excuse, I know.
Dean huffed, his arms wrapping more securely around Castiel. ‘Well, she couldn’t really cook for shit, that’s for sure. But she did always send me off to school with the best sandwiches and all the good snacks. Her apple pie was to die for.”
Charlie chuckled lightly at that, finding she could relate. “Everyone has had someone like that. You figure you owe it to each other to see what it would be like.”
