"That's not true, Bruce is the youngest. I am older! No fair I'm never get to be a big brother" Tony crossed his arms and pouted.
"I could ask Jarvis where they are hiding it." Tony said now a bit more awake.
Nat made her way to Tony and then smiled sweetly as him. "Sorry Uncle Tony. I promise I won't do it again," she added after a little bit then fidgeted as she stood.
"Every penny I sunk in your education was a waste!" The old man said and then huffed out a breathe and looked at Steve. "Kids, never have them , they're ungrateful and waste of time".
"No, no , no water works. No, we talk like men and behave like men." Tony said while looking at Clint and pushed a tissue box at Clint.
"Master Tony says, whatever you want he's open to anything." Jarvis answered again. "Might I suggest Italian? Last time you placed an order was about six weeks ago Captain". Jarvis then added.
While Steve was, thinking and talking to himself, inside the castle Clint called up Tony just before Steve asked Jarvis to call him.  "Uncle Tony?" Clint said in a small voice.
“If you get here in time. I’ll make sure you look presentable.” Tony winked “chop chop you.” Tony ordered and then asked Jarvis to hang up the line “I still got it” Tony smiled to himself and went back to wielding.
“No, don’t they’ll make it even hellish than it already is, just… you can come now and enjoy the food like you wanted before, the whole idea of the bad was the jackals don’t find out and they just did. I love Steve.” Tony said and then pouted at his phone.
Steve on the other hand crawled under the table and smiled at his naked little boy. “What am I going to do with you?" Tony's face had a huge frown on it and didn't seem like he was going to surrender anytime soon. "What did you do to your big brother today?" Steve's arm was extended to Tony with a cookie from the cookie jar. The one Bucky just used to coax Tony out. Tony took the cookie but kept hiding under the table. "Are you cold bud?” Steve asked from his spot Tony nodded his head. “Well how about we get you into a warm bath then have a naked day today. If you're so keen on not wearing clothes today." Tony nodded his head. Steve moved his arm to get Tony out of the table and Tony moved willingly.
"Look... we can figure this out. We're both smart people...we can fix this. Have you considered buying her a giant bunny?" Tony offered.
Steve who was taken aback from this exchange. "I..I don't have kids. I..why did you cut in line just now?".
"It is of grave importance Clinton! This here is a great battle plan. If executed correctly. We shall fall on glorious gains!” Thor boomed buzzed with excitement.
"Because you're a reckless teen and you'll probably ding it somehow". Tony kept on with his test. "And stop making that face; I'm not your Pops. That face and eyes won't work on me," Tony said as Bucky slouched then moved to the couch next to Tony's workstation. "No teen angst allowed in my lab. Go bother your Pops." Tony said as he put on his mask and started to wield his new circuit.
"And Bucky?” Steve wondered. "On the other end of the same table trying to get him out, Sir". Jarvis answered although he attempted to hide his amusements.
Tony nodded his head and head back into the kitchen. He's in his big headspace. He has been for a while, but Bucky keeps slipping every now and then. It might have to do with Steve being away on a mission. Normally it would be Tony slipping in and out of his headspace. But this time around Tony was packed with work he wasn't exactly in the mood to be in his headspace. He hung his head and grabbed the coffee pot and then some ice cream and then went back into the living room.
"Uh huh, and I was wondering uncle. Would you mind taking us out in your car today?” Natasha said sweetly to her uncle as she took off his wielding mask.
"No way did Sam win the meme war and Pops will never put me out," Bucky yelled at Tony. " Just... Just leave me alone."
"I'll give you cookies!" Bucky attempted again, cookies usually worked with Clint maybe it will work with his brother.
“Who does?” Tony asked grumpily then turned to Steve frowning.
"Next time, we hide the candy in a vault.” Steve said looking at Tony licking his hands.
Bucky was about to speak when Tony beat him to it. "Buck then like three dots we need to talk meet me at our place." Tony looked at Pepper. " and ten is a very reasonable number."
"Hide and go seek?" Tony suggested.
"She is currently painting her toenails, Sir. Would you like me to link her to you?". Jarvis answered promptly.
"Yes ma'am. " Tony answered defeated, "Next time Steve leaves I'm gonna make him leave me in charge " Tony grumbled to himself.
“I don’t know if you know this, but it’s my birthday today”. Thor boomed at Tony.
"We'll talk more about this when I get home. And Tony, no more coffee for you". Pepper said.
Tony started to whoop while wolf howling" You dog you! I knew teen angst was on to something good."
“Stop looking at me like that. I just cleaned the floor. You’re going to get them dirty again”. Steve reprimanded Tony.
“And gave Clint a shiner” Steve said as he pointed at Clint who just left with a young nurse and was already flirting with her.
“Bucky. You know its Bucky. You yell at me every night at ten pm.” Bucky sighed and took out his wallet.
In the midst of the whole commotion, Bucky was wheeled out to the waiting room “what the fuck is going on here?”
Steve kept him on his floor, and made Clint share the bed with him and Tony. As Tony left for his lab about four hours ago, Clint had been enjoying playing with Uncle Steve. Now that he had a nice pillow castle in the middle of the living room. He escaped the castle to be pals with the dragon. Uncle Steve always did a very good dragon impression.
“ thank you, thank you thank you thank you uncle Tony “ Natasha said while kissing Tony’s face all over” I love you more than uncle Steve” then got up from his lap and grabbed Bucky and ran towards the elevator.
“Day broke ma dose” (they broke my nose) Tony pointed at his nose.
"Get me a stick and some gauze. I can fix you up ok". Clint said as he held on to his ice patch over his eye.
A little while later found Steve and Tony in the bathroom with Steve asking his boy “What did you do with your big brother today?". Steve asked Tony as he was giving him a bath.
“We were finger painting. He spilled the colours on himself. I thought I would get him clean up before you came home. He.. he.. Managed to run away, got naked and somehow get more paint on him and hid himself under the table. Now he won't get out from under there and the only thing I hear is him screaming NO”. Bucky said then let out a grunt when Tony choose that moment to yell "No".
"Ha! I knew I could always push his buttons". Tony laughed and then walked out of the lab “you know the drill Jay".
"Dad please stop it. The man isn't interested and you're eavesdropping on this conversation." The pharmacist chastised the old man. "I'm sorry sir, I should have been more specific, I meant medicine wise; are you allergic to anything". The pharmacist asked again politely.
"No!" came the resounding answer from Tony.
Steve sighed and then looked at Clint for a while. Then he was lost in his thoughts. The reports weren't exactly bad but the lack communication was killing Steve more than Clint. "Jarvis, get Tony on the line please"
“Yes baby, It’s my fault. All you say is correct. I’ll make it up to you when you get home after work.” Steve sighed and then blew a kiss to his boyfriend. “I’ll call up Buck and make him go easy on you”.
"Yes! That one! We shall use that ruse to look for the candy." Thor said gleefully.
"That's classified information, Captain". Jarvis answered
“It’s Clint Uncle Steve. Just Clint and they’re better than the last ones, I can swim with those”. Clint conversed happily with Steve but stuck out his tongue at Tony.
"He got a text with "we need to talk" and he's been mobbing around. And he wouldn't scooch for me on the couch". Tony answered as he pointed at Bucky.
Clint shook his head no and went back to burrowing  into his dragon. "How about we check that diaper then?” Steve asked again and then signed the question.
"Tony, please Pops will kill me if he finds out". Bucky was trying to get the naked and colour covered Tony out from under kitchen table.
"No!"
Tony’s face was changing and just when he was about to yell at her. The rest jumped in.
“You shouldn’t pay for that kid. Ducky should”. Tony pointed his cane again.
Tony frowned and then pointed at his nametag and tabbed it with his pen. “It’s Tony… ma'am it’s Tony… and how can I help you today?” He kept frowning, which got him a dirty look from the floor manager. There will be a long talking to session after this shit show.
A very greased up Tony with a dirty shirt walked by Bucky who was staring at his phone flustered."Sup hook? Are you afraid of the big bad tech phone? Scared it might Zap you into another dimension?" Tony chuckled at his own joke. Bucky frowned at him then flipped him the bird and went back staring at his phone."Oh, how very mature sergeant Barns. Flipping me the finger. What are you fifteen?" Tony said as he headed towards the kitchen then popped his head back into the Living room. "I'm getting coffee. Want some?"."Pops told you not to call me hook and No, I don't want coffee". Bucky answered in a low voice and looked back at his phone.
"Kid, you're killing me here. Stop the water works. What do you want ? Ice cream? I'll give you loads just stop the crying. And I don't cry. Tony Stark doesn't shed a tear". Tony answered then crossed his arms.
The word became more and more annoying to Bucky's ear. "If you don't come out from under there!” Bucky tried to threaten Tony.
“Our friends Rogers! You told them all I work in the Pioneer House of Steak.” Tony spat into the phone.
"Ok from the top and slowly tell me exactly what happened. And may I remind you that he is your little brother. So if he's stubborn. He picked it up from you". Steve told Bucky who made a face and then rolled his eyes.
"You cried when you broke your nose". Clint said as he blew his nose into a tissue.
“I…I was a sleep baby? I did nothing... Wait”. Steve scrolled at his phone and then checked the chat screens. “Honey? You’re the one who said having a nightmare of at time at this hell hole. Pioneer house of horrors and sent it in the group chat”. Steve waited for Tony to answer then he spoke again “Hello? Tony?”
"Why are they under the table?" Steve wondered to himself and made his way to the kitchen. "Boys?" Steve called again. A loud thud and curse word left Bucky's lips, as his head slammed into the tabletop.
"Your nose is broken, and you're bleeding. You're not moving a goddamn muscle. “Steve said as he held on to his own broken arm.
“Hey I broke an arm too you know.” Steve spat while looking at Pepper and then got the full view of a very angry Natasha with a full wedding dress.” Are you comparing your lousy arm to the fact that my baby is now in surgery? Are you telling me that the tiny boo boo on your arm is more important than the fact that my Bucky is now naked and under some horrible butcher hands!” Natasha’s hands moved now to swat at Steve’s side after leaving Clint when Steve jumped away from her reach.
Another elderly gentlemen walked in after him and went straight to the pharmacist then called the pharmacist loudly "Move it Pete!” The old man yelled.
“No! That’s not fine. He’ll have three number sixes and two number fives.” Clint cheered on.
"Can...you..maybe?" Clint said again and almost got teary eyed.
Tony kept moved away and hid under the table further. "Nooooooo! No baths, No! And no diaper!”
“Clam down Anthony, you’ll just get yourself upset and I have to deal with the high blood pressure.” Steve calmed Tony down and lowered on the floor and helped untangle Tony’s leg.
"I'm allowed coffee. Just not a lot of coffee and nothing is the matter with my phone. Stop being nosy". Bucky said as he moved his legs closer together and bundled up on the couch.
“Oh Bucky baby! You’re alive Clint said you got shot. “Natasha walked over to Bucky that had his leg was in a cast and his left arm was in a sling.
“oh.. oh .. the mighty captain speaks. Let us hear it oh wise captain. Tell me why Natasha’s wedding was ruined.” Pepper said sarcastically while looking at Tony’s broken nose. “ You broke my baby brother’s nose. Tony had a perfect nose now it’s going to be all kinds of crooked because of you” Pepper said then went over to fuss over Tony and check the rest of his damage.
"He was raised in a barn with cattle. Don’t mind him. Talk to me, you ever felt congested when you took a pill or maybe you got the itches or went red?” The old man asked again.
The pharmacist pushed the bag of pill away from the counter and took Steve's prescription. "You can whine as much as want, I will not give you those damn blue pills. You will get what I give you and be grateful. “ he turned to Steve and nodded “Yes sir, I'll be right back with your pills". And left Steve.
Bucky turned on the couch and texted using his phone as Jarvis started Tony’s music back on. After a while of texting, Nat appeared at the door wearing a short red dress. She headed towards the couch where Bucky was sitting; it only took a few seconds until the teen couple started to make out.
"Oh sorry, Master and commander of the universe, who is cooler than Strange and has more PhDs than Reed." Clint said as he waited for Tony to answer back.
“Because of the blueprints.  Rogers.  Steve.  Really?”
“Yeah, but the palladium’s got a complex structure that’s really only intended—“
Steve lets out a laugh this time.  “Yes, I know.” It’s rueful, nostalgic, but kind.
He could see the effect of the music stopping.  Mr. Stark looked around, surprised, for another second.  He saw Steve, looked briefly confused, and then seemed to remember who he was.  Not Pepper, that’s for sure.  With a wave of his hand, he collapsed the blueprints and they disappeared.
Steve held the straps of his bag tightly, concentrating on the way the leather felt. A focal point.
Steve shook his head again. “Definitely not. I didn’t really date much in high school.”
Steve noted the way that Tony gazed at him, the way his eyes seemed to run over his body like a physical touch.  He looked briefly at the coffee cup, his sketches affixed to the walls. Tony watched Steve’s face settle into a determined look, his shoulders square.  That was his “Rogers, you can do this, you’ve punched Hitler” face.  Tony loved that face.  It did all sorts of shivery things to him.  He watched Steve move slowly toward him, eyes darkening, tracking his movements, all intent and focus. Unmistakable.  He looked downright predatory.  Damn.
“Nat, Tasha, lovely lady, you just tell me what you want and I’ll get it for you,” Hammer told her.
“What?” Tony asked.
Tony laughed openly, subsiding when he saw Steve’s stern glance.  “Thanks for the rescue, though.  Everhart makes it difficult to stay calm.”
Tony just stared at him. Who was this guy? Okay, now he was seriously going to have to have Jarvis find out more. He hadn’t been bothered when Happy said the searches turned up highly classified missions.  That wasn’t surprising, and it wasn’t very concerning, either.  Half Rhodey’s missions were highly classified, too.  But this guy… He’d get Jarvis on it right away.
“Hm? Oh, I told you. Robotics thing.”
Rhodey grinned. “Don’t take too long or we’ll send back a search party.”
“Still…”
To:  A-Team
Bruce drew next, then Tony.  He unfolded his little card to see Steve’s name written on it.  Underneath his name he’d jotted: “To whomever draws my card: I don’t want a giant bunny either.” The little shit. Tony couldn’t help smiling a little. Mission accepted.  He’d make Steve something amazing. Something he’d never see coming.
Tony locked down the workshop when he finally got there, blacking out the whole thing.  He knew Steve might come down any minute, but he needed a second to regroup.
“Jarvis,” Steve scolded, “you weren’t supposed to out me. I thought we had a deal.”
as “Mr. Stark.” He wiped his hands and meticulously folded the striped towel, hanging it on the oven handle before sitting back down in front of Bucky’s laptop.
“And?”
, but you’re all invited to that, too.”
Tony felt a vague, almost nostalgic ache go through his chest when Steve unwrapped his gift.  The warmth of his smile, the way his whole attention focused on the palette, seeing it, understanding and appreciating the beauty and the symmetry, it was like Tony himself was seen, understood.  He wished Flying could be like Steve.  He wished
He awoke to loud voices booming in the hallway. Thor, definitely, and Tony, and a woman who certainly wasn’t Natasha, by her accent and timbre.  His door opened suddenly, and Tony, Thor, and a woman in Asgardian armor burst through.
“You’re such an ass.  You have an Xbox and I can’t even come over to play it with you!”
“He’s good,” Steve said, under his breath to Pepper. He’d been the one to send Tony the text to mislead the reporters about the money trail—he didn’t want anyone thinking they might have gotten close—and even he could barely tell that Tony was getting his cue from somewhere else.
Steve woke up with Tony curled around his torso.  It was the first time since he’d been frozen that it felt natural to wake up in this century.  He pulled Tony in to his body, kissing him gently. And this was all he needed, it was like breathing.  He could feel Tony, hard along his thigh, and he had woken up hard himself.  But kissing Tony was more than he’d thought he’d ever get, and he was happy to bask in the warmth of him.
A couple strolled over the river, holding hands. They stopped and kissed in the moonlight before they continued away from him.  He pulled his jacket closer.  It had only been twenty minutes.  If Flying needed more time, well, Tony had said.  He checked ShieldSpies. A video of him was up.  Good quality, and it got the whole speech.  Natasha. Must be.  She had an uncanny ability to know his moves.  Comments shot back and forth, on the whole positive. More than he would have thought.  He watched the comments roll in, checked the time on his phone again.
“Back in cryo.  Until there’s a way to get him better.  He said it’s better this way. He’s always been stubborn.”
Steve surged up to kiss him.  He wondered if Tony realized, as he ran his fingers down Tony’s spine, felt him tremble, felt his own heart swell in response, trying to envelop him in love, that Steve already knew he would give Tony forever.
And then the man stepped through the doorway, and Tony thought they might have to call 911 anyway.
Tony didn’t say much on the ride back.  It took almost half an hour.  The clock on the dashboard said 1:12 when they got back to the tower. Steve sat in the passenger seat, fiddling with a small chain around his wrist, not asking questions.  He didn’t ask how he’d been found.  Maybe he hadn’t thought about it. On the other hand, with a brain like the one who made the changes to the blueprints… Not likely.  Maybe he was just tired.  He had run well over twenty miles.  If Tony had been anyone else, no telling where he would have ended up.  In fact, without Jarvis, it still would be hard to say.  That, and, of course, Tony had been pacing him for almost an hour.  He knew that look—the terrorized, haunted feel.  Guilt? Remorse? That was the look of a man being chased. By his own actions, his own sins.  Maybe the sins of others as well.  Well.  He knew how that felt, too.
“Show me, J.”
Tony held the bag of bagels out.
“Mr. Batroc, it’s important to Mr. Stark that the regulations are cleared and paperwork is signed before Monday,” Steve said.  “The accords have to be signed by the Communications Minister in order for us to start distribution. I’m not really sure what’s involved, but do you think you could get those signed by Friday night? I’m sure Mr. Stark would really appreciate it.”
"He's not really that bad, sort of," Bruce halfheartedly defended him.  Then he made a face. "Well, that is, he sort of is, but..."
Tony wondered what else she was keeping stored on her.  He decided not to ask. Discretion being the better part of valor and all that.
The cops left. Pepper came over and hugged him, kissing his cheek.  She turned to Steve and hugged him, too. She still had tears in her eyes.
When he parked at school, he took one last look at himself in the rearview mirror.  This was it.  Taking a deep breath, he stepped out of the car, nearly tripping over Natasha.
“Steven, my friend, I’m afraid that you’ve let Loki into your bed,” Thor explained.
“Give me that, pizza snob,” he demanded, grabbing his plate and sitting at the counter.  “You’re actually worse than your friend.  And he broke a Chihuly.”
Every little detail.
With a final warning to himself—
“Not the help, you idiot, take out Stark!” Obadiah snarled, reaching into his pocket with one hand while stuffing something in his ear with the other.
Rhodey kicked the back of the chair.  “Tones, how’s the robotics championship coming? Should we show up at competition this weekend?”
Well.  If Rogers had changed her mind… It didn’t even matter, anyway.  Still.  What kind of a man goes from being disgusted by Tony’s scars to bringing him waffles at work? Maybe it was a guilty conscience. Pity. Maybe he just really wanted to pay for that Chihuly. He realized, halfway through, that he’d eaten a fairly good breakfast.  Well, Pepper would be happy.  And he liked that she’d be happy.  She deserved it, after all.  Put up with him for years. He sighed.  She’d be well set when he was gone.  Control of SI rested with her, after all.  His shares would go to her, barring any paternity suits or other family popping out of the woodwork, and then she’d have majority control of everything, besides being CEO.
“Good man, Jarvis,” Rhodey noted, impressed. “Dunno how that door knew he had it coming.”
“Doesn’t matter, stop interrupting me, you ever been engaged? No? Then shut up, you wouldn’t know. My point is, I am an expert in love and relationships, and I am telling you, Stark is 100% in lust
“I hope it doesn’t piss you off, Sam, but we brought cookies, too,” Pieter chimed in, holding a platter of chocolate chip cookies.  “We were taught it’s bad manners to show up empty handed. Got that pretty well-burned into our brains.”
He opened his eyes.
Tyranny? What tyranny? He’d never even seen these two. “Um, well, according to this a-hole’s accounting, about $850,000,” Tony interjected.  But seeing blondie’s crushed gaze, he added, “But it’s also priceless.”
“Great, Jarvis,” Steve said.  “I want to make chicken parmigiana tonight, and I’ve never made it before.  We have jars of pasta sauce, right?”
“Go get your man. I’ve got it covered,” Steve reassured her. “And thanks, by the way, for programming Bucky into my speed dial,” he added, remembering what Tony had said.
He broke free suddenly, sitting straight up in bed, perfectly still, trying to control his nightmares through sheer force of will.
Steve reached for the glass in Tony’s hand, eyes wide and innocent—“For me? You are the best boss”—and downed the glass in one swallow. “Wow. You know, you told me this was going to be amazing, and you’re right.  You really know your whiskey.”
“Impossible!” Peggy broke in.  “I shan’t believe it. No one could make that shot.”
Tony had never been one to believe in fate. It was too whimsical. There was no proof, no science.  He still didn’t.  But there was something so right about this, about being here, with Steve Rogers, in his arms, Steve smiling down at him, somehow keeping all of him warm, keeping him close, keeping his heart. Somehow it felt exactly like coming home.
It was a risk. It was a huge risk.  He knew the math. With a deep breath, he took a long look at Steve, lingering on his lips, gave him a thorough once-over.
“No rush,” Tony said, gesturing at his lap. “Take all the time you need for that.” Then he turned and sped off toward the elevator.
“I.  I don’t like to ask for…” he trailed off.
“Yeah?”
dialogue is partially from im1, oh, and im2. and avengers, a little. so credit where it's due.
“With what?” Tony asked.
Steve thought about it. He’d woken up and battled Loki, hadn’t stopped fighting since.  Before the ice… He’d been in basic training until he’d been made a USO exhibit, and from there he’d led the Commandos.
“You have a boyfriend?” Tony almost shouted.  How did she hide that? Was she dating Sam?
“It’s a Tesla coil!” Tony said, indignantly.  “I’m Nikola Tesla!”
“Who’s that?” the phone asked.
The piercing tone died away.
Steve kissed him lightly.  “No.  You’ll be here when I get back?”
“If that’s what you want.” Steve shifts so he’s looking Tony in the eye and tries a grin.  “I’ll wait for your batsignal.”
From: Steeb 10:34am
“That was all you, Buck.  And you broke your phone again.”
regret this, my friend.”
It was impossible not to read the last paragraph in a sarcastic, teasing tone.  Still, Tony didn’t mind.  Flying basically said he had a crush on him, on Tony, and Tony would definitely take that.
The sun crept along the carpet, rising quickly, too quickly, up the bed frame.
“Oh Jesus, this is ridiculous,” Tony snapped.  “I didn’t know Captain America also included taming wild beasts on his resume.  Sure, I do the hard work, and then you waltz in and he pretends like he’s not a ferocious monster.”
“Nope.  I’m sorry, Tony.  Same rules apply, even if you’ve donated the computer lab.” Coulson was implacable that way, perfectly fair, all of the time. “You can get it back after school.”
Nomad shows up to help fight a pack of aliens a few weeks later.  Turns out they’re just lost.  Takes Steve Rogers to figure it out though.  Of course he does.  He goes by goddamn “Nomad.”  Tony ends up having to reverse engineer a tiny balance for their ship, to help them get back on track.  He takes Steve with him back to the tower, because the idiot has a giant burn on his side, where a panicked alien had gone right through whatever flimsy spandex product he’s using as a uniform.  Costume, more like.
“Ignore them, loves! Get your man! The night is young!” Peggy shouted over her shoulder.
Sif put Loki’s collar back on him, handcuffs around his wrists.  Thor apologized, accompanying the other Asgardians outside to transport them back. Clint kept his arrow trained on Loki the whole time, hoping he’d twitch funny and give him an excuse.  Tony looked around, but Bruce had somehow vanished, and Natasha was shutting the door on the two of them.  The door clicked, and then a muffled clanking came from the other side.
“Sorry you ended up with a man in bed,” Tony smirked, walked to the door, oblivious to the fact that Steve was holding himself together with hope and worn cotton sheets. “If it makes you feel better, I’m ordering team breakfast from Elsie’s. You shouldn’t have to take care of the team after Loki fucks up your sleeping schedule.” He turned at the door.  “Sleep in, Cap.”
“Is he… all alone?” Steve knew exactly what that felt like.  He’d never been more alone, he thought, than now.  When he was younger, before his mom died, she’d always been there for him.  Bucky had been by his side forever.  But now his mother was gone, and Bucky was battling his own demons, with Natasha’s help.  Not that he begrudged that—he was overjoyed to see his friend happy.  It helped assuage some of the guilt he felt.  He’d been the one calling the shots that day. And he got out without a scratch. It was Bucky who bore the brunt of the attack, who wore the literal scars. “Does he not have other family or close friends?” He didn’t mean to pry, but this wasn’t the Tony Stark that the world saw.
Tony sat up, pulled back. Steve’s heart plummeted, made his hands release where they were clinging to him. “Steve.” Tony ran a finger over Steve’s collarbones.  “It’s not a crush for me either.” He kissed the space at the base of his throat, still soft, put Steve’s arms back around him.  “I want as many nights and days as you’ll give me.”
“Jesus, Steve. I want you inside me, darling. I want to fuck you so bad. I want you to come down my throat. God I want everything.” Tony was shaking, desire thrumming through him.
“Tony, why are you worrying about this? You’ve got years left. You’re young and healthy, right? Am I right?”
“In my old unit, Sir.” Steve realized, as he said it, his posture was stiff, spine drawn tall. He willed himself to relax.
“Hey!” Steve exclaims.  “He’s always been more stubborn than me, he just won’t admit it.”
Jarvis woke them both up around five thirty, light starting to filter through the windows.
-Shell”
“You should have said something.”
The door popped open. Steve put the tray down immediately, snapping to attention and saluting Colonel Rhodes.  To Tony’s astonishment, Rhodey saluted right back.
Tony gagged, self-loathing and recrimination trying to dislodge the canapes and apple juice.  He’d been disgusted with Stern, righteous in his indignation that the senator treated Steve like an object. But was he any better? He’d hired Steve because of his looks, jacked off to those looks not even five hours ago, and then tried to press himself on Steve in the limo. He was the same, trying to take advantage of that power, trying to use that prestige to make Steve his. His stomach roiled, rebellious, and his lungs ached.  It was probably psychosomatic, but he thought he could feel the arc reactor flicker, dimming a little.
His phone beeped again.
For some reason, he thought briefly about the look on Obadiah’s face in Steve’s drawing.  Which was stupid, irrational. It was literally a drawing, not reality. Totally unfounded, but Tony put the new reactor in Dum-E’s claw and threw what had once been an MIT sweatshirt before it was used as a shop rag over it.  Christ, maybe he was getting paranoid before he ever hit middle age. Going to Howard Hughes it.  Well, better than Howard Starking it? It wasn’t actually funny but to hear Stark as a verb… He gave a small laugh.  He could now. Everything seemed a little lighter now that he wasn’t going to die.
Tony was surveying him.  He sort of imagined that Steve wouldn’t appreciate being called GI Joe, either.
“Oh, a new project,” Tony said, waving his hands airily.  It wasn’t exactly true, he didn’t have an idea, but he would, after he found a few parts. That always sparked an idea.  He parked at Morita’s electronics.  It was tiny, but it stocked some weird parts that was difficult to get anywhere else. Mr. Morita would always smile secretively and say it was because of his Yakuza connections.  He was clearly joking, they’d been living in Fresno for three generations before they moved to New York, and Tony’d never met a more church-going family.  Mr. Morita just liked to joke around.
He wrapped Steve’s gift. It was perfect.
“And play audio?” Steve asked.  Once the audio was playing, Steve paraphrased.  “He’s telling someone to convert dollars into diamonds.  Look, I mean that alone doesn’t necessarily mean anything, but if you look at his office, see,” Steve pointed, “that’s a HammerTech phone—his third mobile—and that’s the one he was using, and that photo on the yacht was taken in Monaco.  Hammer lives in Monaco.  I ran a search, and it turns out the yacht is named
I think about you a lot.
That was a very complete answer from an AI.  An AI who was clearly very fond of Mr. Stark.  But still, it sounded like it was warranted.  And sure, maybe the media was unfair. And yet, there was Bucky.
“Wish I could say the same, but you’d have to be someone else,” Tony said flippantly, hoping he’d irritate the senator enough for him to drop the conversation.  “Aren’t you supposed to be talking to Hammer, instead? He’s still doing weapons contracting.  They might not work, but that doesn’t seem to have stopped you yet.”
Bruce was getting out some teacups from a sideboard; he gave Tony a small wave, not wanting to interrupt the conversation already going in the room.
“You’re a ringer!” Tony accused. “You part of a league on Sundays or something? Instead of bowling, you and your friends play this course?”
Tony opened his eyes, pulling open his shirt to reveal the light within.  He would not miss the expression on Obadiah’s face when he got outmaneuvered.  There it was.  He knew he was screwed.
10:59.
Steve bit the inside of his cheek hard enough to draw blood, withdrawing his hand.  “Um. I’m not sure what happened. But yes, this is um, this is my room.”
He nodded.  “Just for a little while.  See the sights.  It’s been a while, and the world’s changed a lot. Figure I should see some of it, while I can.”
Tony’s stomach did an uncomfortable flip.  Was he ready to be known? Maybe not.  Sure, this guy had a point.  Okay.  He hadn’t meant to pry.  But on the other hand, Flying didn’t seem to mind, just wasn’t ready to share. No problem.  Tony was totally patient. Super patient.  Winning awards for his patience left and right.
Up in his room, Tony had barely closed the door before he had a hand down his pants.  Steve looked gorgeous, the thin wool hugging his shoulders and fitting slim on his hips and thighs, sweeping close along his muscles.  The blue accents brought out his eyes, contrasting with the golden shade of his hair.  Some stupid primal part of Tony was also immensely gratified that Steve was wearing a tux that technically, Tony had bought.  Steve was wearing Tony’s clothes—sure, a million miles removed from giving him his high school letterman jacket (not that Tony’d been into team sports) but the same underlying thread of fierce possessiveness wrapped around Tony’s core, sparking hot and fiery in his gut. He brought himself off quickly to the idea of Steve, fully dressed, his hands gently tangled in Tony’s hair and cock buried deep in Tony’s throat, Tony’s name on Steve’s lips, a benediction.
Honestly, i haven't figured out if this needs a fix-it/follow up
His thumbprint was pristine when he got home. He tried to sign on to HowToCarryIt but the site was down.  They’d gotten a massive influx of cash. An anonymous donation. Their servers were down while they integrated a peer to peer messaging app. Back in 24.  In the meantime, they had other resources listed.  But Steve was exhausted.  He let himself sink into his nightmares.  A new voice to echo with the familiar refrain: Why did it have to be you?
“Steven. You are such an ass!” Tony exclaimed.  Fucking Rogers, trolling him about the first Star Wars movies.  Tony told Jarvis to delete them from the catalogue, but they kept popping back up in the queue on movie night. At first he’d thought it was Clint, but now his money was on Steve.
“Aha!” Tony said.  “So you have been here before!”
“Miss Potts gave him an access code, Sir.”
“Stern.”
Ugh. The man could easily pass for a football player, but he still managed to look like a kicked puppy, small and aware of his transgressions.
“That’s quite alright, Mr. Rogers.  I am modeled after someone who did grow up in London.  I, myself, being an AI system, have not had a traditional childhood as such.”
Again, this was the absolute wrong time to get a hard on but Jesus, how had anyone in Steve’s unit gotten anything done when he gave commands in that voice?
“The cops find it difficult to get their horses up to this level,” Steve told him.
“Shell, it’s like four am right now. I guess you can see that from the time stamp. I just wanted… well, I checked my email, because I was hoping I’d hear from you. Not a specific reason, just wanted to hear your voice. You know what I mean.
“Okay, man,” Rhodes said placatingly, hands up in mock-surrender. “So, he’s smart and pretty, huh? He’s also, according to Happy, friends with a criminal.”
Blondie (Stevie, Tony corrected himself in his mind) turned those blue eyes on Tony.  “Please, Mr. Stark.  Please don’t press charges against Bucky.  He… I know, he broke in, and he damaged,” his voice turned mournful, “this Chihuly and probably other things, but he’s just trying to help me out.  It’s my fault, and his service record is spotless. He’s been shortlisted for an experimental prosthetic treatment through the VA, but they won’t want to take anyone who’s gotten into legal trouble.”
Outside school, Tony checked his phone for an email. Nothing.  He locked his phone, and slipped it into his pocket.  Everything was fine.  AP Bio was still a cakewalk, Theoretical physics was still at a point where he could do it with his eyes closed—even if Dr. Selvig did try to accelerate the curriculum—and in English they were still talking about Hamlet.  Well, he knew something about daddy issues.  Everything was fine.  Until lunch, when Mr. Coulson took his goddamn phone.
“Steve?” Tony’s voice sounded off, even to him. “What are you doing here?”
“It is for the feast tonight.  I shall slaughter it in honor of Iron Man and his valiant deeds!”
Tony squeezed as hard as he could. Not like he could crack one of Steve’s ribs. “Steve,” he said fiercely, “you are more than just the shield.  And you deserve everything.  Anything.  You always take care of me.  Let me take care of you.”
Tony tried to imagine Steve as a middle schooler.  He just came up with an unbearably cute image of a kid with fluffy blond hair, sticking up all over like a duck, big blue eyes, and probably more of that cocky smirk that sometimes showed up. He wished he could have seen it.
Pain, sharp—burning him from the inside, eating through his veins. Debris, falling all around. Heat, salt, sand.  Bucky, bleeding out on the ground.  The high whine of an incoming missile.  The sharp outline of the Stark name on the missile casing.  A puffy, grasping face with a court order, smiling slyly at him.  Burning pain. Debris.  Heat. Salt. Sand. Bucky. Blood. Whistle.
If he’d really just metabolized it differently…
Suddenly Tony was knocked down onto the couch and frozen, a high-pitched tone shrill in his ear.  What the hell was that?
Steve takes a step back.  A step away.  He sits down against a block of rubble on the ground, folds his legs in, exposing his stomach, leaving it unprotected.  Making it more difficult for him to get into an aggressive stance.  Tony knows what he’s doing; animals do the same thing.
“No way. I call bullshit.  I saw the way he was checking you out the first day.  There’s absolutely no way he didn’t wanna tap that.  And if he actually ‘got to know you,’” he put airquotes around it, rolling his eyes, “like you say, then there’s no way.  Dude, Steve, if I was into dudes, I’d be all over you.  I mean, that sounds weird an’ all, but I mean it.  You know I thought Nat was hanging with our unit cause she wanted you, at the beginning, and you were so goddamn clueless I couldn’t even get mad at you for it. You’re a good guy.  The best.  And if he thought you were hot to begin with, I know, hand to God, he’d only want you more when he got to know you.” He raised his right arm high. “I’d put the other hand on a Bible, but, yknow.” He smirked.
(See the end of the chapter for
“J, what’s the output?”
“Would it be so bad to tell him?” she asked, light still sparkling around her.
“Sir has been actively developing the clean water project since returning from Afghanistan,” Jarvis announced. Where did that come from? It wasn’t like Jarvis to volunteer extra information.
“Sure, Cap,” Tony said.  “I can probably get something put together tonight.”
Tony scrutinized him.  “Why not?” He grinned. “Trying to poison me? New rule, you have to eat every time I eat.” He winked, teasing.
Steve looked out the window for a moment.  The sun would set soon.  “I just need a break.” He turned back, smiled. He was pretty sure it looked natural.  “I’ll be back, Tony.  And I’m around if you need me.”
“I don’t know.”
“Happy, drop me by the airport, would you?”
“Minutes or hours?” Steve asked, dryly. That was a fair question.  Probably hours, but he didn’t really want to tell him that. Steve was always trying to get him to eat regularly, work less. Besides, he didn’t want Steve to figure out just how much of a pushover he was, how much he wanted to give Steve everything he wanted.  Couldn’t give himself away.
That burrito seemed like it wanted to make a reappearance, so Tony lay down in his bed and tried to keep it down.  He didn’t wake up until the next morning.  Still nothing in email.
Tony hit the hang up button on his phone, then shoved it hastily under his pillow.  He read the posting on ShieldSpies, then reread.
“Of course, Mr. Rogers.  But these matters are delicate, no? And we are working as quickly as possible.”
“Believe what?”
Tony banged his head on the steering wheel, miserably. “I’m sorry, Natasha.  I’m so sorry. I was never going to let it get too far, always make sure it was a group setting… I just. I can’t.  If my father, if he… I’d never let Hammer do anything to you, though, I just thought I could play it so he’d feel like he was getting somewhere until he got bored.” He couldn’t look at her.  What kind of a man trades on someone else’s body?
Steve just stared.  This was not what he expected from the playboy, billionaire, weapons dealer.
Tony made an effort not to roll his eyes.  “And you must be Peggy.  Great to meet you.”
Fuck.  Well, if he already knew, what difference did it make? Tony unbuttoned his shirt.  The light emitting from his chest was barely noticeable, one petal struggling valiantly to shine.
He wasn’t going to get a reply, was he? Flying had abandoned him.  Flying had left him.  Maybe it was just being outed.  Maybe it was the spotlight.  Maybe it was the fact that everyone was talking about him at school—hell, on the news.
He picked up his phone.
When they got home, Steve parked the bike in his usual spot, held it steady as Tony dismounted.  Tony was watching closely.  He watched the way Steve’s shoulders moved. The way he seemed a little lighter, somehow, when he got off the bike. Even more interesting.
“Steve?”
Dammit, Steve.  Wilson, DO NOT let him do it!
“Sometimes I feel like I’m flying and the wind is turbulent, I’m hitting little pockets of air. Sometimes I’m on top of the world, I have everything. And sometimes I feel like my stomach is falling out from under me, because I have everything, but I’m also hiding a secret: I’m gay. –Flying.”
Excuse me, Wilson, but the Stark estate is huge. It’s three or four miles to the nearest house. I can’t possibly walk that far in time.
He drove home, silently, radio off.  The roads were dark, unlit, the sky barely illuminated by a sliver of a waning moon.  The stars were cold, distant, impeccably hard and far away.
Steve stared at the screen blankly, picturing a cliff, picturing snow.  How do I live with that? He’d tried not to, when it came down to it.  The best laid plans.  He could still taste the shitty whiskey he’d found at the bar.  Peggy. Always competent. Always focused. It hadn’t really helped him.  It had been over since that day anyway.  But it couldn’t hurt to pass along advice.
“Flying, please please don’t freak out.  I just got outed, and it accidentally got you outed too.  I’m so sorry.  They still don’t know who you are.  Please.  Love, Shell.” Tony looked at it.  Deleted Shell.  Hammer had already outed him.  He could at least sign his own goddamn name.  “Love, Tony.”
Well.  He could show his gratitude by finishing the job he’d been meant to do in the first place.  Once he’d figured out what part of SI had gone bad, he could bring the news to Tony with an apology. Satisfied he had a plan, Steve popped in a pair of earbuds and started playing the video he downloaded earlier.  The video was recorded showing the face of the guy going by Raza, but the quality was terrible.  Bad enough that translation services couldn’t automatically transcript it.  Steve could handle Farsi, but his Tajik, which he was pretty sure this was, wasn’t as fluent. They were close enough that he could get part of it, but was going to need Google to sort out some of the unfamiliar vocabulary. He got that there was a transaction for a hit of some sort on an exceptional military unit.  Not as unusual as it should be in a country with high levels of poverty and instability.  Warlords always found a way to profit.
“Technically, but he—“ Rhodes  started.
“Very good, Sir,” Jarvis’s voice sounded lightly amused.
Steve doesn’t even ask how he knows where to send the jet.  “What kind of help?”
Tony stepped out of the suit, left it on the porch.  “Did you… When you… That morning when…” He fidgeted a little with his phone in his hand, prowling the tiny room.  He didn’t say anything about the bedspread, although he briefly scanned the bookshelf, eyes catching for a second on the three copies of
Everyone else seemed pretty satisfied. Natasha gave Sam a round of Krav Magra lessons.  Said she’d learned it overseas (she was as vague as ever) and wanted to toughen him up.  Steve had made Pepper a gorgeous painting, reminiscent of the Obama posters, but with Pepper as the star.  The entire group agreed they’d vote for her.  Pepper had made Peggy a scrapbook of her time she’d been in the States, with extra pages to fill in throughout next semester.
Tony let his imagination run while Jarvis called the kids.  In this alternate future, he lived, somehow replacing the palladium that was burning out.  In this world, he saw the wells preventing cholera for millions, the refugee camps providing security—true homes, now—until Assad finally gave up and submitted himself to the ICC.  Steve came back, maybe just to check in now and again, Barnes in tow, both having forgiven him.  Still.  If he’d set all that in motion, that wasn’t so bad.  So maybe he wouldn’t see it grow to fruition, maybe his slate wasn’t clean, maybe he wasn’t in the black, but that had to make up for some of his sins.
My house is just really empty, is all.  And we’re all home.
What about you?
The witch (Tony was half convinced it was just Loki, in disguise, the slippery little shit) threw down a golden apple. It hit the ground in the exact middle of all of the Avengers, precisely on Steve’s boot, dissipating into a cloud of lavender smoke that set everyone coughing.  Everyone but Tony, who quickly captured a sample in one of his spare vials.  The lavender evaporated, leaving the team generally unscathed looking.  After asking Jarvis about the air quality, Tony lifted the face mask.
Tony drew back, looking at him closely. Steve felt laid bare, for a second. “Is that your way of telling me to get back to work?” Tony grinned, then kissed him again and clambered off, sauntering back to his work station swaying his hips. He winked, then started back on the arrows.
Tony huffed a quiet laugh to himself.  If nothing else, it was a cute tag.  He watched the moon. Somewhere, distantly, he could hear people laugh.  A group of people, clearly having had a few drinks, stumbled past, singing a Queen song relatively on-key.  Their falsettos faded into the distance, erupting in a faint laughter.
Steve closed his eyes.  Fuck. Opened them. “I don’t know.  What do you think it is?”
“The British kids haven’t sent anything over, have they?”
“You, are a dream.  You are seriously, the best thing. I love you.  You complete me,” Tony rambled to Jarvis, following the smell of delivery. He stopped short as he turned the corner and saw Steve Rogers, freshly showered by the look of it and wearing a shirt that was just worn enough to cling rather enticingly, slicing a pie in the middle of the kitchen.  Steve promptly blushed, his cheeks pinking just slightly.
But—“What about Lorraine?”
“Barnes?”
Flying wasn’t coming.
Steve picked him up and turned him, loving the fact that he could, placing him gently back on a pillow.  “I love you,” he told him, just because he could, and then hooked his arms under Tony’s knees, lined himself up, and slowly pushed just the tip into Tony’s yielding body, hot and tight, the rim pulsing around the head of his cock, fluttering. He stopped, afraid he hadn’t loosened him up enough.  He ran his hands down Tony’s sides, kissed his thigh. “Sweetheart?” he asked.
He just about had it, he was pretty sure.  How had he not seen this solution before? Expanding the filter, widening it, increasing pressure, he could make the rate of flow more than quadruple.  That would make it usable.  Rate of flow should be nearly 3L/min instead of the previous .5L. The filter could pop out and be replaced, instead of replacing the whole unit.  Using UV sterilization that worked through a hand pump got rid of one of the more expensive filtering agents.  Cheap, easy to replace. Probably an ironic metaphor in there somewhere.
“I’m sorry?”
“I know, Mr. Stark. I wanted to talk to your new assistant. Captain Rogers, was it? Tall and blond.  Kinda hot, if you… go for that kind of thing. No judging! You and I, we’re better than movie stars, you know.  We’ve got power and prestige.” The leer was clear in Stern’s voice as he spoke to Tony as if they were part of some boys’ club, a frat Stern had clearly never grown out of, trying to build bonds over a mutual abuse of power. “We can do anything.”
Well, fuck.  Tony paused the lathe where it was narrowing the rounded edges of Steve’s new palette.  It was beautiful, round and perfectly balanced, even to Tony’s critical eye.  He brushed the metal softly, thinking rapidly.
Tony ached for him—this should not also fall on him, too.  He carried enough burdens.  “Do you want me to go with you?”
“Well, Batroc says that he can’t get it done.  He says the accords can’t be signed for several weeks.  But… Here’s the thing.  Jarvis?”
He braced himself. He wasn’t sure he could ever be ready.
He kissed Steve, slow and sweet as honey.
He heard Steve’s throat clicking dryly, felt Steve press a slow kiss into his hair.  “If it’s what you want, sweetheart,” he murmured.  And then he was gone.
“Right, well, um, speaking of communication, has anyone heard from Jane recently?” Tony asked desperately.  He was very confused.  Maybe Thor didn’t realize what he was implying.  After all, Asgardians were bound to have different customs and social cues.
I just wanted to tell you that I had a good day today. A great day, really.  And I don’t want to get into specifics, especially if you are feeling low. But I think I have a lead on my best friend who I lost, Bucky, and I just wanted to share that feeling of happiness with you.
“Wait—are those the stretchy polymers you were talking about the other day?” Steve asked.  He’d picked up a lot hanging around Tony, and using Jarvis and Google like a fiend.
Tony couldn’t deny it. He did. Who was this guy? “You don’t understand.  I mean, at first, yeah, he’s gorgeous, right? But he’s smart, too.  He made some changes to some of my plans, and they were good! I told Obie to—“
“Right, and I wanted to play chess on those tables outside at lunch.  We learned, at home.  Justin Hammer told me it was his club and he wasn’t letting some scrawny Soviet rat get his dirty hands all over the chess sets.”
“I love you, Tony,” he said, bringing Tony’s fingers to his mouth.  He tried to make himself say goodbye, tried to brace himself for that moment when Tony realized where he was. He imagined it would feel like going into the ice all over again.  He’d survived it before.  He could do it again.  He could. He’d stand next to Tony, teammate and friend, bury his love and himself.
Steve shrugged. He was enjoying basking in Tony’s space, feeling at home in a way he hadn’t anywhere since he’d woken up.  It was a dangerous proposal, but he considered telling her he couldn’t make it.
Fuck.  Rogers was just a little too observant for his own good.  But Tony knew that.  After all, Steve figured out Tony’s drive to stay sober after like a day.
“It’s really more of a biologic,” Steve said, not handing it over.  “Shouldn’t Bruce be the one to take a look?”
He ate half of it, putting the rest in the fridge.  Nothing on Netflix seemed to grab his attention.  And he still wasn’t ready to face the world, but he at least washed his spoon, even drying it and putting it back in the drawer, and brushed his teeth. They were disgusting, fuzzy. That was it though. That was all he had in him.  He drank a glass of water, and then got back into bed.  Refreshed email, as if it wouldn’t do that on its own.  Nothing.  He stared at the screen until he fell asleep again.
Barnes’ pocket buzzed, almost in response.
Steve just grimaced.  Well. That was odd, even if it wasn’t any of Tony’s business. Steve pulled out his phone and started playing with it in a clumsy attempt to change the subject. “Who’s #3?” Steve asked, looking at his quick contacts.
Tony doesn’t understand how all of America can be so stupid.  Steve is just wearing a mask, for christ’s sake.  A mask that clearly he made using the front of his new spangle-less but still very tight and now even more revealing uniform.  Not that Tony is complaining, exactly, it certainly makes a nice poster, and he’s seen a few of them up around town.  But how have they not looked at the way he fights—the same tactical genius is at work.  The way his shoulders always hit the target head on.  The speed he carries.  Tony hasn’t even seen him in person, just the footage from newsreels.
What the hell was going on?
Wait, what?
Tony couldn’t concentrate.  He couldn’t focus on anything.  Class went by in a blur, robotics meeting was a giant waste of time because Bruce was in a meeting with Dr. Selvig and Hammer couldn’t remember his password on the tool cabinet.  Finally Tony just shouldered him aside and entered his own code.  Still, they barely made any progress on their competitive robot by the time Natasha had to leave for practice.  Tony finished cleaning up the tools, setting them all back neatly and cursing that he didn’t have Dum-E in the school robotics lab to help.  Finally, he made his way to Coulson’s office.
“Finally a mystery solved,” Wanda said, winking at Sam.  “He was always saying how he wasn’t into organized sporting teams until one day he came home with a pair of racing flats.”
“He’s got something on you.  So. What’s the deal you made?”
“I was going to say revealing. It’s not wholesome, the way Captain America was presented.”
Over dinner, Tony helped Rhodey walk the line of what he could tell the senate committee without giving away any brand secrets. He was focused, but Rhodey was his oldest friend.
“He exited the premises after depositing breakfast, sir.”
“Stevie, wouldya just—“
Steve quickly dropped to his knees.  Otherwise, he’d ogle, and Tony would know he was ogling. He knelt next to the shirt, opening the cabinet under the sink to look for a first-aid kit.  He didn’t see Tony’s eyes get even wider and his jaw drop.  By the time he’d found it, Tony’d managed to close his mouth and tell himself to calm down, instead muttering curses at the bundle on the chair.
“Of course, Miss Potts,” he said, hurrying to catch up.
it wouldn’t make up for the weapons, for the destruction the Stark name had caused.  But it was a small piece.  Maybe, when it was done, he would feel some of that redemption.
Tony isn’t a doctor.  He isn’t even Bruce, wherever the hell he is.  He’s got nothing, just old-fashioned first aid, but he has to do something.  He washes the cut with soap and water. It has to sting.  Steve says nothing, just watches him, like the first time, blue eyes vivid and clear, framed by unreasonable lashes.  Tony stitches the wound up neatly and coats it with a mild antibiotic.  He’s not sure any of it will work.
Tony wasn’t looking at him as he said, “Don’t blow her off.  She’s likely to strangle me in my sleep if you do.”
“It’s okay,” Steve says.  “I’m glad you’re okay.”
Shit.
“Just instagramming the waffles, Cap,” Peter told him.  “These are like my favorite breakfast, can I bring some back to May?”
In the morning, Tony took the elevator straight to his workshop.  No stopping in the kitchen.  No getting coffee from the big coffee maker.  He was not going to run into anyone today, just in case.
To:  A-Team
is really about systemic racial bias rather than about jealousy for the relationship. Or the way that
“If I lose him, I lose everything.” Steve looked at her directly. This was what he knew.  He knew loss.  And he’d just lost so much already.
“Oh.  Army,” Steve replied, barely biting off a sir, at the end.
11:16.  A new hashtag was trending, people who supported him.
To:  A-Team
“Steven Grant Rogers.  Born in Brooklyn, New York.  Best friend since childhood, James Buchanan Barnes.  He enlisted. You somehow ended up as a captain.  Both served overseas, in Iraq first, two tours, Afghanistan for one.  Missions were mostly classified, but something’s not quite kosher there,” the man listed off, a threat clearly in his voice.
The next morning, before Tony’s alarm could go off, Howard had called, asked him what kind of idiot he thought he was, told him they weren’t there to solve the world’s problems, and hung up on him with a final warning not to waste his time.  Tony’d shoved the plan into a binder and hadn’t looked at it again until he came home from Afghanistan, the taste of dust bitter in his mouth. Howard had been wrong.  He had.  Tony repeated it to himself, over and over.  He owed it to the world, after creating the weapons, the Jericho, the Stingray.  He owed it to them to make it better.  Howard’s legacy would not be his.  It wouldn’t. That was a promise.
Their voices blurred into a drinking song Peggy had been teaching them recently, then faded as they made their way toward the cars.
“Why are you thanking me? You’ve only met the kid once and I had him steal your shield.”
Steve browsed the options.  He clicked through a few websites.  Most of them were informational. Fewer hosted groups.  He finally landed on HowtoCarryIt.  The moderator was ex-Air Force, a counselor who seemed to be living what he was teaching. In his photo he had kind eyes.  His bio said that he lost a man on one of his missions.  When he’d come home, he didn’t know how to talk about it. He didn’t know how to reconcile that loss with how the world hadn’t stopped.  And that’s why he founded this site. A message board.  A regularly scheduled groupchat, open to anyone.  He was just in time.
He apologized.  Steve apologized for being such an ass. He didn’t blame Loki, not exactly, but Loki’s staff certainly did bring out the stubborn in the man.  But, Tony thought, in retrospect, that stubbornness, although it might be a pain—he really was such a mule—was what made him dependable. Made him steadfast. It wasn’t that Steve wouldn’t change.  He would. Tony thought about the way that Steve found the weapons onboard the helicarrier.  Even with Loki’s staff sowing dissension.  He thought about the way that Steve adapted his strategy given what Tony told him about the Chitauri, during the battle. Even just a few days in a new world, a new future, with really nothing left of his past. No better way to get caught up with the times than spending time with a futurist.
“Steve? Thank god, come in here and give me a hand with this, would you?” Tony called, relieved.
“Bucky uses that, on his arm.  Says it helps. With the pain, and the inflammation.” He looked up, an odd expression on his face, but it wasn’t aggressive. It wasn’t disgusted. “It isn’t poisoned,” he said, with a tiny grin.
“Peter Parker.  The spider kid.”
“Smoked him, man,” Sam teased them both. “Hammer couldn’tve destroyed him any quicker.” He grinned back at Steve.  “And then Cap here says, ‘Hey, Sam and I are going for a run after school, want to come along?’ with those goddamn puppy eyes we all know nobody can resist!”
Tony grimaces.  He’s transparent, apparently.  “I gave him the suit.”
To:  A-Team
be okay.
Steve really didn’t need that visual.  At all. The thought of Tony’s tongue licking—well, it didn’t help, although he didn’t think he could blush any harder.
Finally Steve was making progress.  Chasing the money directly hadn’t worked, too many international laws and lack of transparency making real headway almost impossible. The banks catered to people who had the funds to keep them rich, hiding them away from taxation and laws.  This email chain had to be the way in.
Batroc reappeared, sitting down heavily and clunking his mobile onto the desk by a set of three Montblanc pens.  “I’m so sorry, Mr. Rogers. I’m afraid that the accords won’t be able to be signed for at least another three weeks.  But we are working as fast as we can.  It’s just, everything is all rushing with you Americans.” He sighed. “I’ll update you when I can.”
“I am,” Tony replied, absently, already looking through the sparse file, deep in concentration.
Steve shook his head. “No. I thought I had.”
Fuck.  Fuck that sounded harsh in retrospect. Email didn’t account for tone.
He brushed the feeling away. He was being irrational.  Tony trusted Stane, so Steve should, too. He pushed away from the computer and got ready for bed.  He’d been tracking one transaction through servers in Portugal, Dubai, Singapore, Bolivia, Slovenia, and Cambodia, finally thinking he would get somewhere with the data when it ended in a bank in Monaco.  Again. He’d try again tomorrow morning.  It was so frustrating being so close, and yet not being able to do what was necessary.  He was sure Tony wasn’t behind the weapons sales.  He had to find the proof.  He’d been working for the man most of the month, and he could see Tony was a good person.  Generous and brilliant.  He cared about everything.  Why couldn’t Steve just help him out?
“Yes, sir.”
Tony’s voice is stuck.  Whatever he was meaning to say won’t emerge.
“Well, high school then. It’s quintessentially high school anyway.  Once you can drive, and then you can pretend to play mini golf and really just mess around in the back seat with your date.”
Tony could feel Steve tense.  Were the tall blondies having some sort of argument? Who argued with America’s Golden Boy? Tony excepted, anyway.  For that matter, who argued with a literal demigod? Tony had always thought Thor was one of the most laid-back of all of them. Give the man a beer and some Super Smash Bros (it was the hammer, obviously, he loved the hammer) and he was happy.
Holy Hell.  Was Steve Rogers his email buddy? Tony tried to mentally tally all the things he knew about Steve and his mystery friend.  Senior? Check. Mom’s cookie recipe? Yep.  Batman, slightly weird parent situation, and best friend in another country… not so sure.  Actually, what did Tony know about Steve’s parents? Nothing, really. Tony’d never seen them. And he’d always assumed Sam was Steve’s best friend. They ran cross country together (Steve made Captain as a sophomore) and they were always hanging out.  But they’d both transferred into Shield High as freshmen, and he didn’t really know them before that.  He thought Steve had mentioned something about living in Brooklyn, and he was pretty sure Sam’s family was mostly in Virginia.  They’d just sort of had their own friendship going on, and gradually merged into part of Tony’s group too, when Rhodey and Sam started bonding over being in their words “The best-looking part of the track team” and Pepper had teamed up with Steve for their art project, two years running.  It was actually really impressive.  They collaborated on their planning and research, and then Pepper wrote the paper for her Art History class while Steve created the new piece based on their plans in Advanced Studio Art.
“Well, I’ll work for you?” Steve suggested, hand coming up to awkwardly rub at his neck.  “I could… help clean it up, and then do repairs around here until it was all paid off?”
Tony stopped, moved his lips from Steve’s nipple to kiss his mouth, feather-soft.  “Just from my dreams, then,” he said, lightly. He walked Steve back to the bed, pushing him down, and Steve went, easily. Once he was laid out, Tony stopped, above him, drawing back to fully view how Steve’s body looked, drenched in moonlight.  “You’re so beautiful, sometimes it just.” He ran a finger down Steve’s body, a hot line that made Steve shiver.  He put his own fingers into his mouth, wetting them obscenely, licking down his fingers, never breaking eye contact.  Steve couldn’t look away.  Then Tony shifted on the bed, spreading Steve’s legs, taking him deep into his mouth at the same time that he pushed the tip of his finger at the tight center of his hole.  Steve was trapped, trying to get deeper, ending up rocking, slightly, gasping and chanting Tony’s name. Tony was working his cock lewdly, wet and messy, making a show of it, seeing how it turned Steve on, dragging the sharp stubble of his beard across Steve’s thighs.  Steve pulsed in his mouth, wet, and Tony pulled off, licking his shaft instead, slurping, humming happily to himself. “Excellent,” he exclaimed, only half to Steve, it seemed, “I was wondering how we’d get you wet enough.” Then he paused for a second, catching himself, petting Steve’s thigh distractedly. He dropped little chaste kisses up Steve’s body, kissing his ear, his neck. He kissed his mouth, barely brushing his lips over Steve’s. “Steve,” he said calmly, deliberately. “Sugar. Baby.  We don’t have to do anything more, we don’t have to do anything at all. Whatever you—“
“And I saw that interview, too, the one Stern saw.  I watched it with Nat.  Did you see the way he was looking at you when you shut down that reporter? I’m telling you.  All gooey and heart eyes, I swear. He looked like he was thinking about what he was going to name the kids you two are gonna have.”
She ignored his joke, crossing the room to look closely at him.  “If anyone deserves a break, it’s you, Steve.  But I know what running away looks like. I know that’s what this is. I won’t stop you, I just wish you didn’t want to.” She took the hat from his hand and set it firmly on his head.  “Remember. Don’t run—walk.” She kissed his cheek and disappeared from his doorway.
“They were actually something I was going to send to Cho, to help her with fabricating tissue,” Tony said, frowning. “But you’re right.  That’s a good application. Rogers,” he said, turning, “you make me feel like maybe I’m not that much more genius than the rest of the world.”
Tony’s face flushed, then went pale.  When he looked at his hand it was actually trembling.  It was like someone had put his own thoughts, right there, on the screen, out in public.  Someone braver than him, anyway.  Downstairs, he could hear Jarvis moving around, probably setting out his toast.  His mother was already drifting into her parlor, a glass of coffee in one hand.  Coffee and amaretto.  Howard was already gone.  He had been for a week.  There was little chance anyone would come up and disturb him.  Holding his breath, he created a gmail account.
Tony picked his up, squinting to read the text. Then he snapped a quick selfie of them both, obviously naked, Steve’s lips against his neck, Tony's hand somewhere clearly not platonic, typed a quick caption and pressed send.
Steve turned to ask if he meant it but found himself mid-kiss, the scrape of Tony’s beard on his skin, the arm not letting go of his waist.  Tony pulled Steve’s shirt off him, muttering, “Seriously, Steve, where did you find this?” Steve blushed a little, but managed to strip Tony’s clothes off just as quickly, licking every scrap of skin he could reach, shivering at the rough feel of Tony’s hands, trailing his hand down Tony’s chest.
Steve unbuckled his seatbelt and got out of the car.  Then he turned around, one of the shop towels in hand, and started wiping down his seat.
Please, if you care about me at all.  Please just write back to me.  Just let me know… something. Anything.”
That night, lying in bed, Tony thought Steve wanted to say something. There was a hesitancy to him that he didn’t usually exhibit.  But when he asked, Steve just smiled and kissed him. “There’s nothing wrong,” he said. He could be infuriating that way.
“Right.  Nothing to do with those baseball games we both know you’re watching?”
Steve had had enough.  “Mr. Stark was not out partying with mobsters, Miss.  He was home, working on renewable energy,” he said, sharply, “and certainly not in
Hammer was his normal douchey self, scooting a little too close to Nat, being a little too loud.  She kept inching away from him.  Finally she stood up. “I’m going to go find the bathroom,” she said.
That stung, because he was right. Tony had been a mess.  He had been. Irresponsible and stupid, young, a complete disaster.
Steve gave up. “Tony,” he cut in, “I’m not homophobic. This isn’t about this morning.” It wasn’t, really, he excused himself in his mind.  He’d been in love with Tony for far longer than this morning. “I just need some time. For myself. To um, do me.” That’s what Sam had called it, right?
Taking out a specialized unit.  An essential step in order to lay the groundwork for a future something.  Job?  That seemed a little weird, and more organized than he was used to seeing in a lot of the smaller warlords.  The other voice on the call seemed somewhat familiar, but that could just be his brain playing tricks on him.  It wasn’t like he knew a lot of people who might be involved in these kinds of deals.  He didn’t recognize Raza, he didn’t think, but the video quality was shitty and the small screen of the phone didn’t help.
“On the bike?” Tony never had to hitch a ride.  He always took the suit.  But then Steve usually didn’t have the bike with him either, getting called in unexpectedly from a meeting in midtown. Something in Steve’s voice. “Sure, Cap.”
By the time the delivery arrived at the tower, the team was back and squished onto the couch.  Tony was in the middle, looking slightly crowded.  Well, not the middle.  Hulk took up more than half, so he was sandwiched in between a very large Hulk on one side and a slightly smaller Norse god on the other.  Natasha was perched on the back of the couch, playing with his hair. The goat was on the floor.
“Bucky! What are you doing? I’m on my way to you. Didn’t I tell you not to be an idiot! Not to be a hero?”
I got you covered, Jim.
Tony says nothing for a moment.  Then, “I know. But you defended him.”
“You can’t.  I have a thing for you. You can’t wear them and try it on.”
“Please.  I’d like to grant you a wish.  My domain is dreams, so it will only last for a day, but what do you wish for, Steven Rogers? What can I grant you, to ease your heart?”
Wanda followed close behind him.  “Besides, this is our mom’s recipe.  She taught Pietro when he was little. He does okay.”
The sound of a slightly raised voice came from the door, clearly Peggy.  “—should be more than suspended!” she was nearly shouting.
“Of course, sir,” Jarvis replied, evenly.
Flying”
“Well, yeah, I did that,” Barnes admitted, definitely not the least bit sorry. Stane cradled his hand, whimpering.
“Please.”
Tony always did that, when he made his own coffee.  He never seemed to test it when Steve made it for him.  Of course, Steve had always made sure the grains had dissolved.  He pushed the thought aside.
“Was that scotch?” Her tone was suddenly very sharp.
“I mean, my favorite is always Batman,” Steve began.
Sometimes he’d wake to a car backfiring.  Sometimes to nothing at all.  He’d sit, not breathing. His chest felt like it was cracking, like whatever was inside him might spill over and it was his, his guilt, his fault. There was no one else.  These were Steve’s nightmares, his history, his past.  This was his record, blemished and tattered, and the blame was his alone.
“It’s okay, Tony,” Steve tells him. He lets Tony feed him the soup.  “You need to eat, too.”
I’m really sorry to hear about your dad.  I know some people take longer to realize that it doesn’t matter who you love than other people do.  Do you think something would change his mind? Are you safe where you are?
“That is correct, Sir.  Mr. Batroc is indeed demanding that currency is converted to diamonds.  And Captain Rogers’s other information is also correct, including financials.”
“Steve,” she said, slower.  “I know what you’re doing here.” Steve felt his face pale, but she just kept talking. “I think it’s really sweet of you to try to atone for your friend.  I think you’ll find that Tony will surprise you. That Merchant of Death thing, that’s not him anymore.  I think, if you give him a chance, you’ll find he’s a good person.  Not perfect, but a good man.” She smoothed his shirt in an almost maternal manner, and turned to collect her purse.
Steve put away the last dishes and picked up the set of forgotten blueprints to set them aside, take them to Mr. Stark’s office after he wiped down the counters.  They were clearly the same structures that had been displayed in Mr. Stark’s workshop today.  The same water distribution systems and restroom facilities.  The same kitchen stations. The same fence.  Now, looking more carefully at it, Steve could clearly see the design layout as a refugee camp.  The logic and design was beautiful.  The thought process behind the placement of facilities that ran on generators, that provided hot water.  He traced the lines with the tips of his fingers.
Tony rolled his eyes. “Have you seen this before?”
“I don’t know what to tell you.  He’s a nice guy.  A good guy. That’s it.”
Steve swallowed.  “Any time, Tony.”
“You know what I mean,” Tony said, preening a bit.
This appears to almost be the end.  So close! Um. Let me know what you think?
When Tony finished off the last of his fries, Steve slid a small heavy jar over to him. His eyes were on the little glass jar, avoiding Tony’s gaze, uncertain of his gift’s welcome.
Tony stepped back and shut the door in his face.
But all she said was, “Okay, Tony.  If you’re sure.”
“Jarvis?”
Then he heard a soft thud and a high whine, not the product of a larynx.  “Tony?” No one answered.  “Tony? Tony, please answer me!” His pulse raced. What the hell was going on? He hit video.  He could see Tony, on the couch, a panicked look in his eye, but the phone was moving, the picture shaky, Tony was definitely not holding the phone anymore but who was? A flash of one of the many mirrors that Tony had said Pepper’s designer scattered around “for Feng Shui,” a brief reflection of a tall bearded man, shiny bald pate. The line went dead.  Fuck.
“Where is he now, Jarvis?”
Tony thought of all the things he’d miss, now.  Stupid things.  Little things, that he hadn’t realized he wanted.  The way Steve’s eyes always got soft when Tony stole one of Steve’s shirts and wrapped himself up in it.  The little notes he left, doodled, around Tony’s workshop.  He’d miss waking up with him, kissing him goodbye before Steve went on a godawful run around Manhattan.
Miss Potts eyed him speculatively, an eyebrow raised to incredible heights.  Then she turned her suddenly rather spiky gaze on Happy.  Happy swallowed, cowed.  She turned back to Steve, smiling kindly.  “Please, call me Pepper,” she said, extending an immaculately manicured hand.
“You’re gonna wait for Nat wearing a towel?” Steve asked.
“It’s small.  Handheld, oval.  It causes paralysis. Don’t let him activate it.”
As Tony stepped into the hallway, Hammer pushed off the wall to walk with him. Ugh.
“Thanks, Jarvis.”  Technically, maybe, Steve didn’t really need to thank an artificial intelligence, but it just seemed wrong not to.  After all, he was doing something Steve had asked him to do.
You know, these emails are the brightest part of my day.  Not that I don’t enjoy school and everything, but. Well.  I just thought you should know.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve raised an eyebrow. “That’s not a very good name for a kitten,” he pointed out. Tony laughed.  Good.  Steve liked it when he could make Tony laugh.  “Sit,” he said, indicating the counter. “Shirt off.”
Steve grimaced.  “Fury.”
“Tony,” Steve said, gently. He tipped up his chin so Tony would look at him.  “Tony, I didn’t have any symptoms. Because I always feel that way about you.  I’m always in love with you.”
The light dimmed, faded to afternoon sunshine, melting at the edges to twilight.  Steve, blue eyes watching him intently, hope growing.
“Stevie, we don’t have that kind of money,” Barnes broke in.
But not because I have a crush on him.  Because I don’t. In case you were just wondering.
“There’s no team, Tony.  It’s just me.”
“Actually, she just sort of disappeared.  I don’t think I did any vanquishing,” Tony admitted.  He was certainly a hero, and recognition was nice, but it was a little uncalled for, in this case.
“Man of Iron, you have vanquished a truly worthy foe. Let us feast tonight, in celebration of your heroism!” Thor enthused, waving Mjolnir.
-Flying”
episode on Syria instead.” The projections disappeared and Martin Smith’s voice started in the background as Obie’s Italian leather shoes came scuffing into view down the staircase. “Let him in.”  The door popped open.
Project Rebirth.  That was Rogers.  Fuck.  Tony didn’t even know the details, just that they’d managed to regenerate musculature via the moronically named “vita rays”, it was the basis for a few of SI’s original vaccines, and that Howard had shut it down after one trial. One trial.
He didn’t even argue when Steve asked him to add one of the new parachutes to Tony’s own undersuit.
“God, is he hurt?” Steve’s concerned.  As if the kid hadn’t stolen his shield, cuffed him with webbing. Of course he is.
“Miss Potts calling, sir.”
He released Steve, smoothed down his shirt, eyes fastened on his collarbone, a place he’d very much wanted to lick next.  He said, calmly, voice steady, “Do you mean you had delayed onset of symptoms?”
“They’re really more suggestions,” Tony tried.
Half an hour into the gala, Steve slipped his phone from his pocket.
He couldn’t see. The world was white and shimmering, ablaze in a sea of radiance.
Tony watched him, cataloguing his movement.  Military, clearly.  “Which branch?”
“Congratulations, sir,” Jarvis said, “you have created a new element.”
“What’s the difference between punching a lump of dough and punching a bag? Other than I get food at the end of the first one?” she’d asked, ever practical.
“Stark? What’s up?” Pieter asked, opening the door almost before the bell had stopped ringing.
Ten individual sections of light, three perfectly balanced rays bisected by three slimmer rods.
He thought about Flying.  How he wished he were brave enough to tell his mother.  How he made Tony want to be brave, too. He took a deep breath, gagged, steadied himself. She didn’t say anything.  Tony tried again, tried to make the words come up, words he’d never actually said out loud before. They wanted to stay, threatened to close his throat, tried to make a molten lump in his stomach, stay hidden. He choked, once, swallowed, and then: “I’m gay.”
“Do you feel how warm the sun is on you?”
Hulk pushed his tray of cupcakes closer to Tony’s face. “Oh, I suppose you wanna go too, big guy?” Tony asked Hulk, sarcasm rich in his voice.
He shut his eyes.  Remembered what it felt like to be held in Steve’s arms.
"I'm sorry," Tony blurted, and fled. He didn’t wait to hear the rest of what was sure to be a polite, apologetic refusal. He was out of the car and locked in the workshop, total blackout, before Steve could get Jarvis to open the front door.
Tony reached for Steve with his free hand, slipping it around his neck, drawing him closer.  “Then you know that this is me. All me.”
Steve took a deep breath.  “There’s lunch upstairs, Mr. Stark.  I.  I made burgers.”
“So I went to the experts.” Steve stood up and started walking toward Tony.  “Because I want to keep this. I will give up anything for you.  I am lucky to be here, with you.  If I had a time machine, I’d break it.  So if you really don’t want me, I can respect that. But if this is some sabotage or self-sacrifice, then I want you to know that I, wholeheartedly, want you, shellhead. I thought it through.  I love you, Tony Stark.”
He pulled Steve aside for a moment and the rest of them tried not to overhear too clearly.  Peggy headed back inside to grab her notebooks and leave the Neosporin and ruined shirt. Tony couldn’t make out many of the words, but thought he caught “proud” and “son” and “good.”  That cut a little close to home. It stung, really.  He blinked and tried to think of happy things.  Murdock filing paperwork next week, being finally so close to being free. The way Hammer had too much pressure from upcoming finals to harass Tony too much.  Flying, and the way that he did seem to like Tony, too.  He blinked again, and then his treacherous brain—
The doors sealed.
Steve grimaced, chastened.  “Sorry, Sam.  I don’t know.  I guess I’ve just been a little stressed.”
“Alright, ladies and gentlemen, let’s not make this more awkward than it is.  Steve doesn’t want a big do, you know how he is,” Peggy warned them all as Sam walked over.  “No jailbird jokes, no asking him annoying questions.  Of course he hasn’t been charged, it was just Hammer’s legal team putting pressure on the DA. Hammer and Hodge, on the other hand, will be looking at some jail time if I have anything to say about it.”
“Steve.” It isn’t a question, never has been.
Dr. Selvig walked over, obviously the school referee in this scenario.
Barnes glared at Tony.  “I hope you know what you’re doing,” he said, although to be fair, Tony wasn’t sure which of them it was directed toward. He stepped through the shards of glass, muttering about indentured servitude as he went.
“Hulk hate hipsters,” Hulk grunted.
Yes.  It hit a chord somewhere in Steve.  Yes.  Before he’d put the plane in the ice.  Before that.  The world had frozen before that.  And no one else seemed to realize.
“Well, I can do that.  Is there anything specific he likes? Or, should I order something from somewhere? I…” Steve had no idea what Mr. Stark would eat.  What did rich people eat, anyway? Should he just order from Le Bernadin? Was that even open for lunch?
“You shot me!” Stane roared at him. Colonel Rhodes burst into the room, Pepper only a few steps behind him.  “That man shot me!” Stane bellowed to the Colonel. “Arrest him!”
“Er, Tony, do you…” Steve began, looking over at him. He clearly didn’t know exactly how to finish the question. Maybe this was some sort of post-witch ritual on Asgard?
“I guess you wouldn’t know, and that’s not really a highlight of the time you missed anyway, so it’s probably not worth telling you about,” Tony continued, rambling. “Or, wait, are you having gay panic? Steve, Cap, look, first, it doesn’t make you gay, we were just sleeping, I would’ve felt it this morning if we’d been, what did you guys call it, making whoopee? Well, assuming you’d be topping, but have you seen you? Seems like you would be. But seriously, the public frowns on homophobia, Steve, put on your big boy pants, it’s a new—“
“I have to lay it all out for you?  Don’t you remember when we first showed up at Shield High?”
Then his conversation with Professor Selvig was interrupted by his least favorite politician—a stocky orange man, dripping insincerity in his shiny suit: Senator Stern.
He looked up, surprised.  Asking entrance? Pepper already gave him a code.  “What’ve you collected on the guy, Jarvis? Almost done?”
“No idea why,” Sam commented dryly. “Just the weight of the world on your shoulders.  No big deal, right?” He shook his head.  “Steve. Why don’t you take a break? There’s a lot of superheroes out there now.  Let someone lead for a while. When’s the last time you took a break?”
Happy looked pleased at being called sir, but the expression faded as he looked over the forms.  “There’s like nothing here.  What are you trying to pull?”
Oh, god.
The room went black.  Tony straightened his hair, wiped his hands on his shirt, and walked down.  Clearly, Barnes knew he was caught. It wasn’t like he could go anywhere.
He’d already set most things in order.  Pepper would get control of SI with Obie to help her.  He’d write in a renewable grant for the British kids.  They were good kids, they could make huge progress in their fields. A large chunk of change for Rhodes.  Not like he needed it, but Rhodey had been with him through some of the worst times and never asked for a thing.  The rest of his estate would go to the Maria Stark Foundation.
Steve had to fill out some reports for their fight against Loki, working at the kitchen table, since it usually had the best light.  After a little while, Tony sat down next to him, Starkpad in hand, setting down two mugs of coffee.  Steve’s had cream and sugar.  Just enough.  Tony only used sugar.  Tony didn’t say anything, just leaned up comfortably against Steve’s shoulder as he read through memos from Pepper and engineering, occasionally laughing at something or nuzzling gently into Steve’s shoulder.  He pointed out a photo of the Avengers that cropped up on an online tabloid, an old photo, when Steve still had hair that flopped down in his eyes.  He asked Steve if he’d been taking styling advice from a sheepdog, but his tone, always sardonic, had a softness to it, a tenderness, and Steve found he didn’t really mind the comparison at all. Steve couldn’t stop smiling.  He tried.  But it was like his heart had decided to splash across his face, this one day when he could stop hiding.
Steve smiled to himself.  When Natasha did ask Bucky, he’d definitely say yes.  Figures he’d ask about her before asking if he was back in the program for his arm.  “Yeah, she said she couldn’t leave your ugly mug.”
“Excuse me, Mr. Jarvis?” he asked, unsure of how to address a voice in the ceiling.
“Tony? Are you hurt? I saw a report about an alien energy explosion in New York, are you okay?” He doesn’t sound panicked, not yet.
Then he remembers. Steve will give it all up. For him. The responsibility, the fear, it’s suffocating.  Tony blacks out the workshop and waits until he’s gone.
“Paint,” Steve supplied.  “I was painting when the—when, and um, my palette got broken. I was working on our blue period piece.” He looked apologetically at Pepper.  “But it wasn’t the painting. Just the palette.”
Tony noticed Steve’s discomfort, swallowing his laughter and saying sympathetically, “Hey, no, you’re right. Do you. Do what makes you happy, right? You deserve it, Cap.  No one more than you.”
Steve hesitated another moment.  But the exhaustion bled through him, invading every cell.  He got in, buckling his seat belt.  He noticed Mr. Stark noticing, but neither of them decided to comment on it.
“Tony, huh?  Not Mr. Stark?”
“Bucky, c’mon. I wouldn’t say it if it weren’t true!”
Steve took a deep breath.  This was crazy, but it had been the truth. He didn’t have anything else going on right now.  He could best afford to work this out.  And, after all, who knows—maybe he’d pick up some useful skills that would actually transfer to a new job, work his way out that way.  He turned to face Mr. Stark, squaring his shoulders a bit, falling into parade rest probably without thinking about it.
Steve sighed again, heavy.  Well.  The therapist said it would help.  Actually, the therapist had stared at him for an hour.  Steve had just sat there.  He didn’t really have anything to say.  He had a lot of questions.  But he didn’t.  It didn’t feel right to just tell someone else everything.  His failures were his own to bear.  And he wasn’t sure what he needed to say to get reacquainted with the world.  Really he wasn’t sure he wanted to get reacquainted with the world.  It had gone on without him.  He was a relic of an age past.  Steve just wasn’t sure there was a place for him in this world.
“Can I stay?” Steve asked, hushed.
“Um, I’m not sure, it could be? I mean, he might? I might, if he, I might…” Tony blabbered.  “This isn’t really my—”
“I sent Barton home. The farm house isn’t documented.  Sam’s having the time of his life ziplining around Wakanda like a maniac.”
To:  A-Team
Steve was carefully holding a steaming mug of coffee, but he almost dropped it when he saw Tony.
He exited the apartment, stopping for bagels on the way to school.  He grabbed a dozen.  Their friend group wasn’t quite that big, but Sam, Steve, and Rhodey could always eat.
“But then I realized, I’ve already taken him out once.” Stane scoffed, almost a laugh. “It should be easy enough to do it again.”
Tony was in love, alright, but it wasn’t with Jarvis. Who was this little shit, anyway?
Tony shut down his snooping with a quick word to Jarvis to keep him updated and hurried down to the basement. Barnes had been looking in the wrong filing cabinet.
Tony felt warmth wash over him.  She did.  “How’d you get into my place? How’d you even know where I live?”
Tony pointed at the kitten with his spoon.  “This little fucker,” he said, gesticulating even more wildly as Steve covered the kitten’s ears when Tony called him names, “was hiding in my 33 Stradale after my daily berating from Pepper.  Covered in oil.”
Was it possible for silence to sound amused? Because Steve was pretty sure it did.  Or maybe he was just overreacting, taking things personally.  He did that, he knew.  “Jarvis, did I…” He stopped.  He wasn’t actually sure what to ask.
Finally he just typed in Cap.  It would work.  Miraculously, it wasn’t already taken.  He wasn’t sure what he should say.  The moderator, Wilson, opened up the chat.  Asked if anyone wanted to share.
“Well.  I have some things to finish up.  Tony.  Sir.” Steve didn’t exactly hurry on his way out, but he wasn’t taking his time, either. He disappeared rather quickly up the stairs.
It’s not perfect, but it’s a start.
Steve grabbed it from the side bar and brought it back. “Could you make that into pants?”
By the time they finally took Loki down (again), Steve was over it.  It was getting old.  This time the delusional demigod had kidnapped three of Odin’s household, taking them for who knows what sort of reason. As Tony always said, you couldn’t reason with crazy.  The battle had taken all night, Loki setting traps at every corner. In retrospect, it had been a good night.  Tony’s modifications to the Iron Man suit let him see through Loki’s projections.  Sam had been invaluable with Redwing.  And when Tony went off plan, seeing an opening they hadn’t anticipated, he’d warned them over the comm.  They’d fought together better than ever.  But it had still been a long night.
Christ.  “I’m going to have to call you back, Pepper,” he said quickly, brain fritzing like his first two attempts at programming U.  “Um, Dum-E’s got his claw on the fire extinguisher again and he’s about to douse the carpet.”
Steve felt something loosen a little. He missed that.  Having people that he could share a joke with.  Having people he could talk to.  He could trust.
Tony turned to look at him, really look at him, the way he was rocking a bit on his heels, hands in his pockets, waiting for an answer he already had.  Somehow.  Somehow he knew.  But no one was supposed to know.  Literally no one.  Rhodey didn’t know.  Pepper didn’t know.  The only people who had any idea what Tony had in his chest were a pack of terrorists in Khost and Steve.  And the thought of Steve betraying his secrets was too painful to consider. He buried that notion immediately.
Steve sat for a moment, making sure of what he had just seen.  “Jarvis,” he called, after a second.  “Do you record the video conferences?”
