(See the end of the chapter for
The team exchanged glances around the circle, and Steve gave a small nod.
“You know I’m durable, Tony,” Steve said, his eyes falling shut as cold relief rippled out from each place where one of Tony’s fingers made contact with the cloth.
Steve pointed to the door they had just come through and nodded. He watched Tony exit the room from the other side and then turned back toward the entrance expectantly. No Tony emerged. Frowning slightly, Steve padded across the room to check the other door. But just as he crossed the center of the library, another wind gusted through from some unidentifiable source, and both the doors – first the one in front of him and then the one behind – slammed shut.
“Now, if your majesty had been willing to avoid the battle as you were counseled,” Rhodes offered blandly, “perhaps I could be sending my two best spies to discover how Lord Pierce knew we were low on supplies and couldn’t survive a siege – rather than asking them to ply foot soldiers with pints or turn a mysterious stranger in cast-off armor into the subject of courtly flirtation.”
out?! Get yourself out, you bastard –” Tony tried to interject, but Steve kept talking over him determinedly.
“Coulson?” Tony spluttered, finally tearing his eyes off Steve to gape at Clint. “Coulson’s alive?! What the fuck.”
"Right. Well, right now you're being all over my favorite chest press machine. Are you done?"
It was almost as if they were being herded rather than hunted.
“I’m uhh – I’m out I think? Yeah, I’m going to fold,” Bruce said.
“Sorry to ruin the daring rescue, Cap.” Steve wrenched his head up to see that Rumlow’s grin had turned feral. “Did you forget about our little insurance policy?”
Steve turned to look where she was indicating. For a moment he didn’t notice anything but the same clutter they’d been pouring over for hours. Then he saw it: on one corner of the dressing table was a small metal circle he had initially taken for a coaster or a paperweight. Raised on its surface, grainy but undeniable, was the outline of a skull and tentacles.
Steve didn’t look at him immediately, turning to grip the railing next to the reservoir and dropping his chin forward toward his chest. His face looked empty in a way that Tony hadn’t seen since their first meeting in Stuttgart: not sad, exactly, but blank, like someone had cut the tendons that held him together. And, just as he had then, Tony felt an overwhelming urge to poke and needle until some other expression – any other expression – took the place of the desolation behind that seventy-year stare.
“Also, calling in the refs is a pretty bold move,” Bruce added, “considering that the miniature murder bots guarding our Christmas tree are in flagrant violation of rules ten through fifteen.”
“You mean...anyone who knows something about SHIELD could be in trouble,” Tony answered slowly, his mind racing back to the night of his research talk.
“Sure, Tony. You got it,” Steve nodded. “We definitely didn’t play three rounds while you were in Tokyo last week.”
“Technically, I didn’t fall, and so that doesn’t count as a win,” Tony told him, his voice every bit as calm and breezy as Steve didn’t feel.
“No you won’t,” Steve said, at the same time that Tony said, “I’m in.”
“I think maybe we should try to head back up to the surface,” Steve said, trying to avoid any hint that the suggestion was driven by anxiety over Tony’s heart rate. “Nat and Clint may have already found Zemo. Hell, he might not even be here at all.”
Steve nodded, leaning back against the counter with a dishtowel thrown over one shoulder. The pain and tension were gone from his stance now, but so was whatever reckless edge had been building before the call.
Ward snapped the gun toward Steve, and Steve moved. Using the leverage of his one free arm, he rolled to the left and used the momentum to rip the restraints off his right leg and then his chest. He let himself fall off the left side of the chair just as the gun fired and debris exploded from the space where his right shoulder had been. Steve reached up to secure a hand- and foothold on the side of the chair, and then shoved as hard as he could. He felt the remaining restraints snap just as something sharp stung his left calf.
hoped to leave out, and it would have been so much easier to hide over email or the phone. But now Steve was staring at him earnestly, the furrow back between his brows, and Tony’s anger wasn’t so righteous that he couldn’t recognize he was about to pull the same move they’d both been trying on each other for years. Playing things close to the vest wasn’t doing a great job of keeping anyone safer.
“With so many material forces to choose from, why start with biography?” Tony continued. “Why look at people? After all, the great-man theory of history is dead. Few mourn it, and those few I would not want to emulate. And yet here I am, writing a book organized around individuals. So what gives? One explanation is that I found my way into the subject of tonight’s talk by following a great woman: Peggy Carter, one of the highest-level agents at the SSR and an absolutely crack shot, by the way.”
“I guess it makes sense that part didn’t end up in the history books,” Tony mused. His phone was still vibrating in his pocket, and he jabbed the switch to silence it. “But I have to tell you I would have enjoyed my Captain America comics even more growing up if I had known that Steve Rogers swung both ways.”
"I may be slightly exaggerating, but I've never seen so many people in here at once." He leaned back in his chair and petted a leaf on Pepper's spider plant.
“It was a small building,” she shrugged. “And I needed new boots.”
“I knew it!” Tony said triumphantly. “I knew you were looking. My pants radar is never wrong.”
That wasn’t quite true, but it was closer to true than Tony cared to admit. He had been sleeping horribly since his brief trip to space (when he slept at all), and he’d been finding excuses to keep Pepper out of the Tower so she wouldn’t find out how bad the caffeine shakes had gotten. It was a stalling tactic, he knew – a game he was trying to prolong without any sense of how to win it. But then again, Tony had produced a lot of his best work in states of total desperation.
“Your ass,” Steve agreed, a smile tugging at his lips. “And I love your ass: don’t get me wrong. But what I started to realize over time was that I, um.”
“I know,” Clint nodded.
After depositing Clint onto a nearby roof where he could get into sniping position, Tony dove at the Solider and knocked him backward into a parked car. The Solider retaliated with a flurry of bullets, but Tony twisted into the air, whirling through an evasive maneuver until he could blast the gun out of the Soldier’s hand.
“Hey whoa,” Tony protested, holding up his hands to cut Steve off. “That’s bullshit, Steve. My business partner paid a network of goddamn assassins to take me out and frame you for the crime: that does not become your fault just because you stepped outside for your first smoke break in five months.”
“I’ll knock Tony out!” Clint volunteered, cracking his knuckles.
One week later, Tony’s kitchen counters were still covered in cryptic post-it notes, an assortment of bakery boxes, and the unused Crock Pot that Pepper had made him buy the month before (something about “a last-ditch attempt to keep him from dying of the kind of lifestyle diseases that used to kill malnourished, eighteenth-century cabin boys”).
“I had a plan. I was going to ask you to dinner: some place nice, but not so nice that I wouldn’t know what kind of wine to order us. I was going to tell you that I don’t have much practice with taking my time – don’t have much practice having time to take, really – but that I wanted to take my time with you. And then I was going to see whether you’d have me. I had the whole thing mapped out. I actually tried step one on your legs –”
Tony huffed. He was grumpy and hungry, sore from too many hours in the car, and a new headache was blooming behind his eyes. "It's - you know what fuck it. Maybe if we continue on this way you'll take my grading too. Lord knows I'd need it." He made a vague gesture and stomped off through the icy air.
Steve shook his head. It must have been an afterimage from the lightning, and not, as he had thought for one irrational moment, the figure of a woman pressing her hand to the crimson gape of her torn stomach.
A moment later, the walls shuddered around them as the elevator suddenly resumed its upward motion. The intercom crackled to life, and a round of tinny, modulated cheering rang through the cabin.
“Barton says that if you don’t quit making out and get on the bus, he gets to put a margarita maker where the TV used to be.”
enough to have strong, unfalsifiable opinions: how wrong Charles Lyell was about gradualism, for example, or how deeply to read into the homoeroticism of “In Memoriam A.H.H.”
He shoved in another forkful of the pasta and grimaced. Yeah. He needed a win tonight.
Perhaps it was because he was trying to fortify himself against the pull of Tony’s stories, but as Steve drew closer to the porch, he had the strange impression that he could see more activity around the building than he had previously noticed. There were the intermittent strobes of light from the front door as Tony searched the foyer. But Steve also caught glimpses of movement out of the corner of his eye – as if something were crawling through the eaves.
“We need to hit both facilities simultaneously so the terrorists don’t have time to go to ground,” Fury explained. “So the plan is to split into two teams. Captain Rogers, you’ll take Iron Man, along with Agents May, Barton, and Rumlow, and execute a tactical strike in Jersey. Agent Romanov, you’ll take Thor and Dr. Banner, along with Agent Ward, and infiltrate the office in Toronto. That location seems to be more heavily guarded, so Romanov and Ward will go in under cover, with the big guns standing in reserve.”
“I swear you make half of this shit up,” Tony said, grinning when Thor gave him a slow wink in reply.
“Dr. Grant,” Coulson said dryly, “I gather you have something to add.”
“I think you’re being a little hard on him, Tony,” Bruce suggested.
“You’re a good man, Tony,” Steve insisted.
Tony’s eyes snapped up from his phone, where Rhodey had caught him checking the Avengers group chat yet again.
here and there. Not an entire freaking country."
“I thought for a moment you were down for the count, Steve,” Tony murmured, and Steve concentrated on the hum of Tony’s pulse next to his, his heart too full in his throat to reply.
“You think you should come with me,” Tony repeated slowly.
“Special occasion?” she asked him.
“I could demonstrate some of the options on you right now,” Natasha offered, even more casually than before. Bruce choked on a handful of popcorn, and Thor had to pound him on the back to clear it.
She looked on the verge of enlightening him further as to the specifics of his inanity, but they were cut off by the arrival of the Norwegian exchange student, Thor, and a very inebriated-looking Clint Barton.
"You're not going to forget the part where you actually turn it in this time, are you?"
“The Lord giveth, and the Lord taketh away,” Steve agreed, an almost imperceptible quirk appearing at the side of his mouth.
James gave him a larger smile this time - one that reached almost all the way to his eyes.
“And last but not least –”
The gym was quiet this time of day - only three other guys there. It was precisely why Tony used the YMCA across from campus instead of the student centre gym. There were times when it was fine running into your students, and times when it definitely wasn't. All of Tony's top three were from wretched experience: when sweating profusely, when so drunk he started spouting Wilfred Owen, and the day parents came to empty the dorms and saw their kids' grades for the first time.
“The man is so full of righteous causes they’re bursting through his shirt seams,” Tony insisted. “Which would be annoying enough – where does he get off emerging from grad school so chiseled and clear-sighted, instead of slouching out under the weight of a hundred overdue library books and half a decade of repressed shame like the rest of us – but he also seems determined to take the whole faculty down with him.”
It was true that Steve had been the one to suggest that they make their own decorations for the Tower this year. But it was also true that Steve’s contribution (a hand-drawn series of family holiday cards to hang on the fridge) had been the only one that hadn’t tended to produce chaos. Thor and Natasha’s idea to braid garlands had started out innocently enough. But then they’d decided to add “motivational mead” to the creative process. Ten hours later, they’d produced so many strings of spruce, holly, and taffeta that the garlands had to be looped around every available surface, twisting around lamps and chair legs until the common room looked like it was being slowly strangled to death by a festive boa constrictor. Bruce – in a complete failure to learn from the previous Halloween’s Saltwater Taffy Incident – had concocted a spiced eggnog so addictively good that each new batch he made disappeared almost immediately – setting off a cycle of recrimination and dairy-based hoarding. And Clint had stayed true to form by making an extremely explicit, themed pin-up calendar of himself, which had been quickly banned from all common areas by a 4-2 vote (“I think these poses are courageous,” Thor had explained, “considering your very small human sizes”).
"Okay, first of all, and for the four hundredth time: JARVIS sweeps all the residential floors before I enter, so you can stop doing the whole ‘Eagle has landed’ routine every time we change rooms. Second, and more importantly, did you just
,” Tony shot back, gripping the loops of Steve’s jeans and pulling their hips together.
Darcy froze, winced, and huffed out,
“When we meet again,” he boomed heartily, “I will have to hear more about your adventures with the Berseker staff. The last time I held it, I felt so crazed for battle that I tried to use my friend Volstagg as a javelin. I forgot we were in the banquet hall. Cleared a full seven-course meal with one toss.”
“It’s been suggested,” Steve smiled. “Out of curiosity, how long have you been riding this thing up and down?”
He had only made it through four songs and thirty repulsor blasts, however, before the music suddenly cut out. Tony was just warming up a joke about Bruce’s weak bluffing skills when he looked up and felt his heart jump out of his chest. Because it wasn’t Bruce. It was Steve.
“I trust Natasha,” Thor responded simply. “And Natasha doesn’t trust him.”
“I’m going to kill him.”
“How did you know
grease fire – which I contained almost immediately, by the way.”
“Hey, Wilson,” Tony replied. “I don’t remember asking your opinion about…anything at all really.”
“Bring the fancy crackers!” Clint yelled, his voice muffled by the cushion he’d dragged off the couch and face-planted into. “No wait!” He lifted his head, revealing the beginnings of an impressive shiner over his left eye. “Make tater tots!”
“But it’s fine to take chances with yourself?” Tony demanded. He walked into the bathroom and returned with a wet washcloth, which he held gingerly against Steve’s forehead. “It’s fine to let yourself be used as leverage against us.”
“Touché.”
But when he turned the sheet over to follow the trail onto the next paragraph, all he found was wall-to-wall black boxes. Hardly a word had been left unredacted, leaving an inscrutable arrangement of articles, pronouns, and repeated surnames: “Phillips” and “Hodge,” followed by a blank; but “I,” followed by another blank; and then “Rogers,” followed by the longest blank yet.
Steve straightened quickly to see Tony staring down at a piece of paper, his face pale and still.
Oh. So that was why Zemo had been herding them.
Maybe he could trick Pepper and Rhodey into both coming and then just… forget to turn up himself.
A long silence followed, and when Rhodey spoke again, all traces of amusement had left his voice.
“Are you trying not to smile?” Tony asked.
"Alright. Well if you want any advice on how to use any of the machines, I'm happy to help."
"It's adorable that it's only dawning on you now that this school has the fine-arts budget of an amateur magic show.”
“I definitely didn’t want to know
Tony was trying to follow what they were saying — to identify the new notes in Steve’s voice — but his head was still spinning from his sudden release, and he had to reach out to steady himself against the wall. The wave of dizziness that followed was so sudden that he fumbled the cup in his hand. It dropped to the floor with a dull thunk, sending a small spatter of whiskey and bitters onto the hardwood, and suddenly it hit him: the weakness in his legs, the fuzziness in his mind, the way Ty had leaned up against the bookcase where he’d set his drink.
Pull yourself together, Tony told himself firmly. You can make it through one party without ruining this.
“Tony, you’ve got to get to the surface and find Clint and Nat.”
Steve stared at his screen in momentary confusion before a second buzz made his heart leap straight into his throat.
Steve let out a soft choking sound and collapsed forward, nestling his head onto Tony’s chest and clutching at the fabric of his hospital gown. Tony ran the tips of his fingers in small circles across Steve’s back and let him wrestle down the sobs.
Steve’s brow furrowed, something in Tony’s words setting off the same bell that had prompted him to put distance between Tony and Stane. He opened his mouth to press the issue but shut it again when someone from the P.R. team – Sitwell, he thought – poked his head down the hall to give them the universal signal for “what’s taking so long?”
“That’s what I’m worried about,” Steve replied finally, so softly that Tony wasn’t sure whether the words were meant for him or not.
“That’s true,” Natasha confirmed. “We used to have a betting pool at SHIELD about how many field injuries Barton would rack up in a month.”
“Hurry, Stark,” Steve barked.
He turned to return Steve’s glare, but found that Steve’s face was pinched with worry instead, the furrow between his eyebrows pulling at the burnt skin on his forehead. It was so like the expression that Tony had seen on Steve’s face after Steve had carried him to the kitchen – the same expression that had made Tony wonder for the first time whether Steve had more-than-friendly feelings for him. Seeing it now made Tony’s throat feel raw, like he’d been gasping for air for hours. He tried to pass off the scratch of want as mere irritation.
"Tony, don't you have a faculty meeting right about now?"
Steve’s smile widened fractionally, and Tony felt his own shoulders loosen in response.
Steve let out a small huff of air, a wry smile twisting one side of his mouth.
“I can’t be sorry you became who you did,” Tony whispered, tracing oblique angles across Steve’s shoulders toward the nape of his neck. “It’s the only reason I got to have you at all, and I don’t think there’s a version of me in any universe good enough to give that up. But I promise I’ll try to make it worth it for as long as I can.”
“I could have gotten to the shirt faster if
“Tony,” Steve managed, feeling a halo of pain radiate up his scalp. “Are you okay? Was anyone hurt?”
“I’m sure most of you are here for the free wine or the extra credit, so I’ll make this as short and sweet as possible.”
“Another what?” Steve asked in alarm.
“All right, good, challenge accepted. This bodes extremely well for the success of my seduction strategies,” Tony said in a rush, pressing quick kisses along Steve’s jaw as Steve walked them toward his bedroom. “God, you could just toss me like a Frisbee, couldn’t you? Is it strange how hot I find that?”
He cracked one eyelid, and his suspicion was confirmed by the sight of Steve bent over a small row of buttons, his brows contracted in frustration as he tried to figure out which settings to use. Tony smiled into his pillow. The espresso machine had been his one big concession to his family’s wealth (he may be living in the dorms to annoy Howard, but he was
He growled in frustration at the silence on the other end and then stepped back, taking a deep breath to center himself. Objectively, they had been in far more dangerous situations. Not three weeks previously, for example, Steve had been held hostage for several hours by an office worker who thought his boss was turning people into zombies. Tony had harangued the FBI SWAT team in charge of extraction to within an inch of their lives, but in the end, Steve had managed to keep the gunman calm long enough to avoid any casualties. The former Captain Rogers was cool under pressure – not to mention a crack shot – and whatever was going on in this house, he was probably handling it more than capably.
, Tony found himself thinking, but the noises around him were fading too fast for him to be sure if he’d said the words out loud.
“He’s already healed well enough to embarrass me on the mats,” Sam winced, rubbing the back of his neck.
“But he fully let us think – I threw a goddamn memorial service! I sent a very rare antique car to a cellist!”
The door burst open, and it was time to go. Steve kept the shield in front of him as he surged forward, waiting to start throwing it until they had cleared the door and he could keep his body more closely in front of Harrison’s. The SHIELD agent grasped the strategy quickly and stayed tight to Steve’s back, picking off gunmen over his shoulder.
“Tony,” he said, “was it because of what happened on the helicarriers?”
“You’ve got to be fucking kidding me,” he muttered, giving the dark buttons on the door an irritable thwack. “What is this, Chekhov’s elevator?”
“You told me you weren’t interested,” Tony repeated slowly. “Would it help jog your memory if I reenacted the scene where it happened?” He took one step to the left with exaggerated precision. “There: reenactment complete.”
He had started sprinting as soon as Tony finished the last word, and he was halfway down the block toward their hotel before he realized he still had the bouquet clutched in one hand. He threw it down and started pumping his arms faster, his feet kicking against pavement with a rhythm that couldn’t quite match the heartbeat hammering against his chest.
He finally slowed and turned back to Tony, distraught.
“You need to sleep,” Steve announced, battlefield voice in full force.
“Is that Stark?” Sam’s voice called.
“Get your hands off me, Rogers,” Ty snapped, practically spitting the words into Steve’s face. “Do you have any idea what I can do to someone like you?”
By the time Steve finished, Tony was gone.
existed. He had enlisted in the Army, he had served overseas, and, somehow, he had been erased from official records. It felt like the surest sign yet that Project Rebirth was something big – something that could change the whole narrative of his book.
“What do you want, Romanov?” Tony continued. “Did Thor light the microwave on fire again? I told him he can’t keep demonstrating his worthiness by using the hammer to speed-nuke Hot Pockets.”
“It’s the truth!” Steve insisted. “I saw the crash. That’s all I know.”
But Steve could see immediately what Dr. Banner was, because just then he came careening up the stairs at the end of the hallway, Thor right behind him. Bruce was looking a little too close to Thor’s height, and he had gone ominously green around the neck, which was probably why Thor was repeating the lines Natasha had developed to calm the Hulk in the field. Unfortunately, some of Natasha’s soothing effect seemed to be getting lost in Thor’s energetic delivery.
Steve finally allowed a smile to spread across his face. In the part of his mind that was always scanning his periphery, he was aware of Natasha helping Bruce out of his blanket fort and picking a piece of lint out of his hair – her hand lingering a little longer than necessary as Bruce assured her he had a backup pie in the fridge. Rhodey and Thor were loudly concocting plans to smoke Clint out (and pointedly ignoring Clint’s own contributions from the vent above them). And in the center, as always, was Tony, who was grinning victoriously as he took in Steve’s expression.
“You can’t stand Hammer,” Bruce pointed out. “Last year at a faculty meeting, you told him he wouldn’t recognize chiaroscuro if someone taped a strobe light to his head.”
“Here’s a proposal: since I am not currently cursed with the knowledge required to operate your espresso machine, why don’t I go grab some coffees from the cafe across the quad? Maybe when I get back you can tell me how many hours of football you’ve secretly watched while pretending to think it was possible to end the game early by ‘shooting the moon.’’
“If Tony needs anything with your name on it, it’s a restraining order,” Pepper snapped, wrapping her arm through Tony’s. “Now go offend someone else with your overpriced cologne. There isn’t enough Bond No. 9 in the world to make
Initially, when Natasha — one of Tony and Steve's few mutual friends at the beginning of the year — had suggested the two of them could help each other out, Tony had reminded her that Steve would never go for it, because Steve Rogers thought Tony Stark was an irresponsible, conceited, grade-A floozy. Tony knew this, because the first time he’d run into Steve his freshman year, Tony had been at a house party letting some truly terrible people do body shots off his stomach, and Steve had been frowning at him with a look that seemed to say, “you’re making more bad decisions in this single minute than I will make in my entire life.”
He cleared his throat, smoothing the front of his notes unnecessarily. He could do this. He may not be able to remember his code for the copy machine or get his book orders in on time, but if there was one thing Tony Stark could do better than 95% of his colleagues, it was work a crowd.
"Hey!"
“Maybe
“Get out of there,” Steve snapped. “I’m on my way.”
"Thank you!" Parker called again, and then he was off, heading towards the back door to the kitchen. Parker's aunt, May, worked two afternoons a week in the cafeteria to help pay for Parker's tuition, and on Sundays, Parker bussed as well to thank her. He was a brilliant kid, and Tony suffered the guilty reminder that he still had a half-finished nomination for the Exemplary Leadership Award to submit for him. Parker deserved it.
“When I bought that new jacket in Charleston without, and I quote, ‘consulting you,’ you posted a video of someone saying ‘you went over my helmet’ to the group chat. I looked it up.”
Tony’s face twitched momentarily before settling into a hard stare.
“I’ll uh – I’ll do my best,” Tony replied, finding himself at a loss for what to do with the look of assurance in the old man’s eyes. Arnie gave him a final nod and then tottered back toward the door.
"What do you -?" Grant half shouted, cutting himself off with a frustrated grunt.
Fury shot May a look that seemed to say, “you see what I put up with?”
“I’m afraid this one is going to leave a mark, Captain,” one of the HYDRA guards had leered at him on their last visit to his cell.
On the day of the breakdown, it was Steve who accidentally ran into Tony.
“Okay,” Tony said, “I am willing to admit that putting repulsors on the Iron Man ornaments was not my best idea.”
“I really did have to deal with my dad’s shit,” he said finally. “Turns out he’d been keeping another little hoarder’s stash at the house of an old Army buddy who finally kicked the bucket, and I had to scramble to find a storage unit until I can weed through yet another personal archive of ‘Howard Stark’s unappreciated glory days.’ But the real problem is that I’ve hit a wall with my chapter on Peggy Carter and the SSR. I thought I might be getting somewhere with that German doctor’s notes, but every time I find a document with any combination of ‘Carter,’ ‘Rebirth,’ and ‘Erksine,’ the next page looks like found poetry. I’ve spent weeks just staring into a Black Sea of censor bars.”
“If by ‘severance package’ you mean she drained her corporate account and raided my liquor stash on her way out, then yes,” Tony agreed. “Also I can’t prove this, but I think she’s the one who reprogrammed my office computer to play ‘You’re So Vain’ every time it reboots.”
The team was facing some shadowy “they,” Tony had said. And hadn’t HYDRA gotten its start by hiding inside more public organizations?
“Don’t fuck around, Rogers. Four,” Ward warned, and Rumlow’s hand twitched threateningly back toward the back of Tony’s head.
It was Steve’s first contribution to the discussion since he’d introduced himself, and Tony glanced up from his phone long enough to give him another once over, his gaze lingering on the places where Steve’s shirt pulled tight against his chest. Steve’s eyes barely flickered in response. He was used to attracting that kind of attention by now. Physical build was part of what the firm considered when assigning an agent to a new client, and Fury’s instinct that obvious brawn would be more helpful in Stark’s case than stealth or discretion was part of why Steve was taking this meeting instead of Natasha or Sharon.
increase, much to Tony’s chagrin, was his crush on Dr. Grant.
So much for that theory, Tony thought ruefully, his stomach doing an utterly unforgivable somersault when Steve’s eyes caught his in the mirror.
“My whole life before I came here, I was surrounded by people who always knew what they would look like on camera at any moment. Hardly any of them would have risked losing status to help me out of a tight spot — and that includes my parents. But then I met you: this guy who always looks alarmingly, disgustingly ready to pose for a center spread in
“Yeah that’s my impression of you,” Steve said wryly, “that you’re a guy who finds it really hard to get what you want.”
“Shit,” Tony said, pressing his fingers against his temple in a concerted effort to remember what day it was. Saturday, 4:00 PM.
“I always thought you saw me as kind of — you know, a man of loose morals,” he admitted.
The latest round of tapping stilled suddenly as a pair of headlights loomed down the road. Fog scattered the approaching high beams into a thick gray haze, but Tony made no effort to peer through it in order to identify the man pulling up beside him. Special Agent Steve Rogers drove one of noisiest used cars at the Bureau - any of his coworkers could have recognized it from blocks away - and besides, no one else would have followed Tony Stark to a place like this.
Ah, there it was. Well, Tony supposed it had been too much to hope that Steve was still so confused by twenty-first-century technology that he had somehow missed the endless replays of the interview on social media.
can’t give it you.”
“Nothing. Just one of the many fun memories we’ll all laugh about together over the years.”
“Tony, I need you to take this seriously.”
A split second later, Steve felt the hair on the back of his neck stand up, and he looked over in time to see the flash of a laser tracker. He dragged Harrison behind a pillar, and a shower of debris erupted as a bullet grazed the edge of the concrete.
"I had noticed that."
And okay, it wasn’t like there hadn’t been signs. Rhodey had tried to warn him weeks ago. Pepper had called him out on it just yesterday, when they had gotten together to strategize about the upcoming board meeting.
"How on earth did you do that?"
“And by 'take me to bed,'” Tony continued when they pulled apart. “I mean literally: do you think you could get me upstairs before I pass out? Because believe me, at any other moment I would be stripping that undersized tee-shirt off you with my teeth, but since I’m currently seeing two of those spicy little Under Armour numbers – I assume you have them custom made somewhere and then ask them to subtract an inch off of every measurement – I think maybe I should wait to ravish you until I can feel all my fingers and toes.”
“Jesus, Tony, that’s not why I brought it up then! What kind of an asshole do you think –”
He pulled the pocket square from his tux and pressed it firmly against Steve’s side, wrapping his other hand around Steve’s back to get better leverage.
“Am I okay?” he repeated, pulling back so he could take in Steve’s face. Steve’s eyes were filled with concern, and Tony’s chest tightened, knowing he was never going to forget what those eyes had looked like with nothing behind them. “No I am not okay, Steve. I just electrocuted you. First you told me you loved me, and then I stopped your goddamn heart.”
“Whoever is running the Mandarin broadcasts, they’ve been using a new spread spectrum to hide their transmission locations. But I created a program that generates random frequency-hopping patterns and tests them against the spectrum. When I got my matches, I used them to make this.” Skye gestured to a world map, which had about a dozen blue dots in various countries. “Now some of these are almost definitely dummy signals, so I cross-checked each location against local chatter – police scanners, package deliveries, anything that might indicate a bunch of shady characters had moved into town. That left me here.” She clicked, and all but five of the blue dots disappeared.
“You live here?” he asked.
to drive them to the edge.”
“I’m always nice, Brucie,” Tony said, giving his friend a wink over the top of his sunglasses. “I’m a one-man faculty-welcoming committee.”
“Sounds like something a quitter would make up,” Tony said.
"Fuck!" Tony groaned. God, he was such an idiot, choosing to go out today instead of just watching
They were all showing the strain in their own ways. When Steve had declined Natasha’s offer to fight, she’d dragged Bruce out from his lab – where he’d been hunched over a set of equations for beta decay reactions – and taught him eight new ways to incapacitate an assailant without Hulking. Clint had been baking his way through the “cookies and bars” section of the cookbook Pepper had bought him for his birthday, and every time he finished another dozen, Thor would arrange them into smiley faces on plates and distribute them to each member of the team. Rhodey had even come over for the day. Ostensibly, he needed to go over some upgrades to the War Machine armor; but really, Tony suspected, he wanted to give Tony something to do that didn’t involve setting off semi-controlled explosions.
“I have no idea what you’re talking about,” Steve said blandly.
And most importantly, for the purposes of his goddamn book, what weapons were Rebirth and the Captain America initiative actually supposed to have produced?
Tony pressed a soft kiss to Steve’s lips, and Steve carried him the rest of the way down the hall, the phones in their pockets already chiming in unison.
“Shocker,” Tony muttered, rolling his eyes behind his shades. The proposal in question had been written eight months ago, brought to four successive faculty meetings, and sent back to committee just as many times. But Strange had privately assured him that this time the FAC had whipped all the required votes. All they needed was someone to call the question, and they’d be out of here in time for Tony to top up his coffee before heading to the Houghton.
Tony scoffed. "Hardly. That paper was a train wreck, and I highly doubt she can bring it up past fender bender by Monday."
"Alright. If you're sure." He turned back to his French press and started counting out scoops of delicious smelling coffee grounds. "So what brings you in on a snow day?"
“So my enemies are your enemies, but your brainwashed ex-lovers you get to keep to yourself?” he quipped acidly.
Darcy nodded, but the man's scowl only deepened.
Tony felt something twist in his stomach, and he wound it into an angry knot before it could start pinching at his insides.
From his angle on the edge of the rooftop bar, Steve noticed three things in quick succession: (1) Tony was alive, and he was currently crouched behind the limited cover of an overturned table and couch; (2) there were two gunmen circling toward Tony’s position, and both of them would have clear shots in just under fifteen seconds; (3) Steve would only have time to take out one of the assailants before they fired.
“Well, two steps, anyway.”
"Look, this college may be small, but it's not
? It was an infuriating tendency, Tony reflected, and one that was only partially counterbalanced by the not-entirely-displeasing spectacle presented by his retreating ass.
“If everything looks like a wall to you,” Clint continued, stepping through the threshold into the next room, “it might be because you’re carrying the wall with you.”
Tony sighed so loudly that Steve turned back to face him, his forehead furrowed again, forming the little crease that Tony did
“Bullying. This is unprovoked bullying, Rogers, and I am going to march right downstairs and report you to Fury for creating a hostile workplace environment.”
"Uh… it's not a great time, Tony." His eyes kept flickering over Tony's shoulder, towards the door.
Tony took the handles and breathed out as he pressed away from him. He instantly wished he'd taken it down a few more pounds. "Yeah, I think every faculty member at the entire college has Darcy in one of their classes. She's brilliant, but 'focused' isn't a word I'd use to describe her."
“Limits like the occasional stiff-arm to the sternum,” Tony pointed out.
Steve drew his gun and stepped softly toward the cracked door. As he crossed into the room, he found himself on a walkway overlooking a library. The room showed some of the signs of the house’s disuse. Sheets had been thrown over the smaller tables and chairs, and cobwebs clung to the candelabras on the fireplace mantle. But dozens of lamps set in double sconces were fully illuminated, throwing a soft light onto the mahogany bookshelves that lined the walls. Each shelf held rows of books, bound in matching sets with gold-embossed titles. A ladder connected the walkway to the floor below, which was partially covered by a network of overlapping Persian carpets.
to tell you I loved you.”
“I know, trust me. I know it’s crazy –”
“You’re trying not to smile,” Tony confirmed. “Let it out, Steve. I’m objectively delightful.”
“I’ve driven through worse,” he promised his car as he pulled out of the slushy parking lot and headed toward Stanley College.
Grant laughed. "You named your car Trevor?"
Tony held out the most recent example for Rhodey’s inspection. Steve was wearing a blue checked shirt tucked into khakis and posing with a grocery-store employee who had apparently helped him find a new flavor of Pop Tarts to try for Thor. The grocery worker – a scrawny teenage boy with a mop of black hair – looked like he was going to cry or possibly throw up after being so close to Captain America. And who could blame him, really, because Steve was giving one of his softest lopsided smiles – one eyebrow quirked as if in apology for how impossibly photogenic he was.
“No poaching, Stark,” Fury growled.
Clint’s head had dropped forward toward his chest as Coulson spoke. Natasha kept her grip on his arm, squeezing hard enough that her knuckles had gone white. Coulson’s posture hadn’t shifted, and he was still regarding them all as calmly as when he had entered, but Steve noticed that his eyes tended to move back toward Clint with some frequency.
“Steve,” Tony grit out, fighting against the black tendrils crawling over his vision, “don’t.” For a moment, the room seemed to shiver, and in the last image Tony saw, Steve wavered, his features threatening to dissolve. Only moments after Tony lost consciousness, they resolved themselves, settling into the rougher features of the ex-sniper who had trapped Tony behind a brick wall.
“I should never have stayed on the case after I realized what I was feeling,” Steve continued, his fists clenching around the blankets at his side. “But I couldn’t bring myself to trust anyone else with your safety. It was arrogant and selfish, and I almost –” He broke off, heaving in a deep breath of antiseptic and pine-scented cleansers. “I wasn’t strong enough to walk away.”
“That’s because you refused to serve on the
Steve held his pumpkin back for last, frowning at it theatrically.
He laid his hand over Tony’s where it was pressed to his side, but Tony jerked back as if he’d been burned, leaving Steve to hold the pocket square in place.
It was another minute before he could hit send, the panic rising like a molten wave through his chest. Finally, he pressed the button and let his head fall back on the pillow, trying to resist the urge to start counting each second as it went by. It could be hours before he heard anything, he told himself, and a long wait didn’t necessarily mean a refusal. This wasn’t that different from the months he’d already spent waiting for the phone to ring, and if he could survive that –
“Steve,” he said dangerously.
“You’ve seen him?” Steve demanded.
He was digging around in his bag for his phone when a flash of light drew his eyes up, and he saw a car pulling deftly over to the shoulder beside him. Tony opened the door and stepped out, hastening to show the good samaritan that he wasn't hurt.
“Rumlow got cornered and tried to distract Steve by taunting him about Barnes,” she said. “But Steve went right for the bomb. He caught the brunt of the blast with his shield, and Wanda helped contain the rest. The burns were bad at first, but he’s healing.”
Steve cut Tony off by lifting him easily off the ground, holding his weight with one hand under his thigh and one at his back until Tony wrapped his legs around Steve’s waist.
“We didn’t break up because of what happened in the fight, exactly,” Tony replied after a pause, a small, rueful smile tugging at his mouth, “but when I got Natasha’s message and flew to D.C. – I think that was when Pepper realized why I was having so much trouble walking away.”
“You were shivering on the last mission,” he said, and Steve’s fingers froze in place, still nestled in Tony’s hair. “When we had to take out that HYDRA bunker outside of Mogilev, I noticed you couldn’t stop shaking – even once we got back on the jet, you kept chafing your arms under the blanket. I know the cold probably reminds you of the whole…Capsicle thing, so I just thought if you had something in your uniform that you knew you could turn on. It couldn’t get that hot without a risk of overheating you, but maybe just a sense of control…”
“You brought us the drive, but you left out the Director. Just a little oversight I’m sure. But you know only a Level-10 SHIELD agent is authorized to decode these files. So you’re going to tell us where to find one,” Garrett explained. “The longer it takes you to remember that information, the more difficult things will be.”
He popped in.
He was just opening his mouth to try to walk back his remark when Tony started speaking again.
He found a nice rhythm, and his breathing started to even out.
She raised one eyebrow, and Steve lowered his weapon, keeping his grip loose but ready.
“I’ll text the team updates about how long it takes Pepper to strangle me with my own tie, if you want to take bets,” Tony offered. “And don’t let Barton talk everyone into air-vent laser tag. He’s been asking, and the answer is no. Not while I’m not here to kick his ass.”
“I’m going to kill that legacy-admissions, knock-off-Kennedy piece of shit,” she swore.
“You know, I was managing just fine before this whole band of underemployed, overpowered babysitters moved in,” he said instead.
“So if you are a ghost,” Tony asked conversationally, “why are you sitting me down for a fireside chat? Does the haunting business have a new P.R. rep? Trying out a gentler approach to scaring the shit out of people?”
He did a circle around the car, starting to sweat as he hauled himself through the deep drifts, and thankfully it was undamaged save for a slight dent in the back bumper. It was bitterly cold, though the falling ice seemed to have stopped while Tony was deep breathing, and all that remained was the biting wind and the snow drift Tony's car was currently attempting to mate with.
“Maybe the Mandarin was bluffing all along,” Bruce suggested when they talked through the mystery over late-night sushi. “Maybe he got lucky with the first bombing and never actually had the resources to keep it going.”
She shook her head.
“Even when I tell you to,” Steve noted wryly.
to fail – to get us to lower our guard.”
“Ty,” he acknowledged, pinching his lips into a horrible smile as he turned to face his ex.
“I said we need you in L.A. tomorrow,” Pepper repeated, pointedly ignoring his interjections. “The board is threatening to pull support for the clean energy initiative if you don’t appear personally.”
Steve stared at him for a long moment, his face unreadable, and then turned and walked resolutely over to the couch in the corner of the workshop.
“I’m out too,” Natasha smiled. “I don’t think I have the kind of action this round calls for.”
A real smile finally broke across Steve’s face at the memory, and Tony felt like someone had loosened a metal band strapped across his chest.
“Fellow Avenger,” he said neutrally.
“Be careful,” Steve said quietly.
"Good." Tony slipped inside and took the chair opposite him. “So how are you settling in, Phil? Enjoying the Dean’s life? I don’t personally know what that’s like - you’ll be shocked to learn that no one’s ever considered me for an administrative role - but I imagine it involves a lot of scheduling meetings that could have been emails and politely denying funding requests.”
“Go to sleep, Tony,” Steve said, and Tony must have been even more out of it than he had thought, because the sound of his own name felt like a physical touch. Tony found he really did want to close his eyes and sink into it. He barely heard a line of the movie before he was drifting off, feeling the warmth of Steve’s presence above him, almost as if someone were ghosting fingers lightly through his hair.
And speaking of obscure, Tony thought to himself, this blog was pretty far off the “currently trending” path. It had a fairly inauspicious title -
“They had a live feed of everyone’s location – the whole team,” Steve explained. “They said they had snipers in position. I couldn’t take the chance that they were telling the truth.”
“Coming right up, sweetheart,” Steve responded. And then, prompting a renewed round of catcalls from Clint and another cheer from Thor, he scooped a very startled Tony into a bridal carry and whisked him over to the couch.
“Tony,” he said finally, and his voice sounded suddenly horrible, “there’s something else about Bucky.” He choked, swallowed, and started again, “I just realized, and I didn’t want to – I still don’t know for sure, but I –”
“I think I’m capable of forming my own impressions of my colleagues, Dr. – Stark, was it?” Grant lingered over the surname, his eyes scrutinizing Tony’s features as if to illustrate the distinctly unfavorable impressions he was forming as they spoke.
He smirked up at Steve with an expression on his face that looked – unfortunately for Tony – like a dare.
Steve complied. And as he watched Tony run through the specs, gulping coffee and nibbling absently at the biscuits, he realized that he knew what Tony was saying even before Tony finally spoke the words: “I’m thankful every time you wake up.”
“You should be sorry, you asshole. Coming in here with no plan except to throw yourself in front of everything.”
“Tell me what you think, Tony,” he said, and he turned the jack-o-lantern toward him.
“What is it, Mr. Stark?” Steve asked, and then after a pause, “Tony?”
about them?”
The air around him was a haze of smoke and dust, and his eyes burned as he tried to clear his vision. He needed to get up, to try moving again, because someone had been calling his name.
“Etching haunting, ineffaceable images into our brains?” Bruce added.
“Stay down until we get the clear,” Steve insisted, holding his position as Tony pushed at his shoulders.
“Don’t bullshit me, Barton,” Tony yelled. He realized dimly that he was pressing one hand flat against the arc reactor, as if the device could stop the horrible knowledge taking shape in his mind from getting to his heart. “If you lie to me about this, I swear to God –”
The elevator dinged again as they arrived at the common room floor, and Tony walked off without a backward glance. Steve remained, his eyes tracing the outline of his scuffed shoes against the immaculate marble floor.
“I don’t blame you, Tony. And I understand why you can’t stop blaming yourself. We just want to help take care of you when you can’t be careful with yourself.”
“Crank it, JARVIS,” he said, and Black Sabbath blasted over the audio system, so loud that he could almost forget he knew what absolute quiet sounded like.
“The vase I broke when I sprinted into the kitchen would beg to differ,” Steve smiled. “But it’s not that. I just wanted to do this for you: a big dinner and sitting down with family.”
Tony drummed his fingers thoughtfully against the table as he pulled up the online veterans records at the National Archives. But while a quick check of the Honor List of Dead and Missing Soldiers yielded one result for “James B. Barnes,” the search engine came up empty on “Steven G. Rogers.” Struck by a sudden suspicion, Tony switched over to enlistment and draft records and plugged in Rogers’ name and date of birth.
Tony sighed and let himself be pulled back against Steve’s chest, feeling the electric current humming through his limbs lessen slightly as Steve scraped gentle circles across his scalp. Tony pulled Steve’s free hand across his body and tucked it under his own arm, listening as Natasha and Clint went back to workshopping plans to beat Ocean’s team to the Fabergé egg and Rhodey resumed explaining why Basher was clearly the real brains of the operation.
“Jesus Christ,” Tony breathed, lunging toward Steve and rolling Rumlow the rest of the way off of him. “You fucking idiot.”
He winced, rubbing his leg under the table where Natasha seemed to have found a pressure point. But he did take three long gulps of water from the glass, and Natasha shifted to patting his knee in approval.
He’d just advanced his presentation to the next slide - a photo of one of the sketches he’d found in Rogers’ files - when he caught a sudden movement out of the corner of his eye. He glanced up from his notes just in time to see a flash of shock passing across Dr. Grant’s features. The expression was brief but powerful - a deeper surge of emotion than Tony had seen from his new colleague even in the heat of their worst arguments.
When Steve’s chest came into view, the first thing Tony saw was the angry red gash, which cut across Steve’s ribs in the same place where the knight with the silver star had had his chest plate split open by a Hydra blade.
It was as if someone had brushed Steve’s lips with a live wire, and before he knew it, Steve was wrapping his arms around Tony’s shoulders to draw him closer, groaning when Tony melted forward against his chest. Tony’s lips parted, and Steve pressed deeper, each sweep of his tongue against Tony’s sending a shiver of relief down his spine.
“Can I help you?” he asked as Tony approached the desk.
Tony trailed off, looking down at his fingers, which were tapping rapidly against the top of the table. For a wild moment, Steve had to fight the urge to take the nervous hand in his and press it to his lips.
He marched through the stacks, on his way to Pepper's office, but as he passed row 206, a familiar head of brown hair halted him in his tracks. "Darcy Lewis!" he called.
"Shit!" He slammed on the brakes, and the ABS kicked in, but it wasn't doing much as his car fishtailed around and slid onto the other side of the road. He went backwards off the road and onto the graded shoulder with a soft crunch.
Steve tore his eyes away from his phone to see that Natasha was observing him, lips quirked and one eyebrow slightly raised.
“Don’t worry, we all know you already called Steve,” she smiled sweetly at him. Tony resolutely did
“ – only the first of many losses, if the files from Project TAHITI are not delivered to me,” a low voice was saying, and the visual suddenly shifted to a bearded man dressed in a robe, who was silhouetted against a dark background. “The Mandarin does not give warnings. He makes promises. Director Fury, you have one week.”
“I thought you’d never ask,” Tony replied. The sound of shooting from below intensified as Tony rocketed past the building, firing through windows as he went. If everything went well, he’d be able to provide enough of a distraction for Rumlow to grab any available intel and for Steve to grab Harrison.
“Sorry to interrupt, boys. I didn’t see a sock on the door.”
“Who are you?” Tony demanded.
Steve broke off suddenly and turned back toward the espresso machine, squeezing the shelf below it with his left fist.
have time to squeeze in a trip to the storage unit the next morning, because he woke up to an email announcing that all classes at Stanley College were canceled in expectation of a blizzard.
“Piss off,” he snapped, stepping away automatically and feeling the ground lurch underneath him.
“Don’t sweat it,” Tony waved his hand. “Contrary to what recent events might suggest, I
The bearer of this bad news was Sir James Rhodes: Knight of the Arc, marshal of King Anthony’s court, and lifelong companion to his majesty’s more impatient moods. Indeed, King Anthony (or Tony, as Rhodes could still be persuaded to call him on private occasions) suspected it was the last of these three qualifications that had earned his childhood friend the dubious honor of making today’s report. With the possible exception of Tony’s personal attendant, Steven Rogers, who was currently arranging a stack of petitions on the table to Tony’s right, no other member of the court was more familiar with the sour temper that descended on the king every time a knight from his personal guard was wounded in battle. And the fact that this particular knight had received his injury while protecting Tony from a Hydra blade – and then vanished from the field before he could be identified – had only made matters worse. The memory of watching a stroke meant for him cleave through another man’s armor had stretched Tony’s nerves taut, like warp threads across a loom.
), but he could barely find the air to fill his own lungs.
“Yeah, well,” he muttered finally, “you’re not wrong about losing the popularity vote. So just try not to put any of my employees through a wall when this hits the fan.”
The agony of that sight was an incalculable order of magnitude worse than anything he’d imagined when he first saw the helicopters approaching his house in Malibu. Waking up tied to a metal chair was a mere annoyance by comparison. Even realizing that his attackers were going to take out his whole house to get to him hadn’t managed to put this abduction into the top five. Tony had gotten Pepper out safely. And while he had already begun plotting the comeuppance richly deserved by anyone who had so much as threatened to hurt her, Tony had resigned himself to rolling his eyes through the perfunctory “roughing up” sessions before the goons in question made whatever mistake would eventually allow him to jury-rig his way out. Most kidnappers, after all, turned out to be less experienced with kidnapping than Tony Stark.
“It’s not what it looks like,” Fury replied calmly. “SHIELD isn’t anywhere near the serum, Doctor. And this is why these files are classified, Stark. So people won’t see something they don’t understand and start a panic.”
“Steve.” It felt like someone punched the name out of him, and the sound of his own desperation was enough to get Tony moving again, rushing to Steve’s side to start compressions. But just as he got his hands settled on Steve’s chest, he heard footsteps echoing down the hall.
“Oh, please,” Tony grinned. “Before I was king, maybe – when we would sneak out of the castle and play at knights and dragons with Rogers and the other stable boys – then you were willing to put me through my paces. But both of you suddenly developed a strange compunction about throwing me on my back after I took the throne. So if I looked rusty out there on the field of battle, perhaps you should examine your own consciences.”
“But if you could train a monkey to replace the reactors,” Fitz was saying.
“Keep up the search, Rhodey,” Tony continued finally, a frown forming as he watched Steve’s posture stiffen even further. “And ask Banner to make inquiries with the healers beyond the castle walls – see if they’ve dressed any wounded torsos for men who seemed shy of court.”
“I have never once commanded you to do anything against your will, Steve,” Tony said, keeping his voice even through extraordinary effort, “and I don’t want to now. But I need to see where you’re hurt.”
“The very same. If you turn on the TV, you’ll see why.”
“Probably the right choice, Banner,” Clint nodded sagely, now back from the kitchen and tossing barbecue chips to himself in the air.
The image disappeared, quickly replaced by a commercial for paper towels that was midway through its jingle. The terrorist must have hijacked the feed – that meant this was no backyard shed operation. Tony was already compiling a list of words to have JARVIS run through SHIELD and CIA databases, and he was just about to pull up a broadcast-satellite map when he realized Steve was talking again.
“Two.” Rumlow gripped the back of Tony’s head and shoved the tub into place. Tony let out a strangled sound, and Steve didn’t have to engineer any bit of his desperation after that.
Tony nodded faintly and let himself sag forward into Steve’s side, letting out a small sigh when Steve wrapped a gentle arm around his back. He supported most of Tony’s weight for the series of steps it took them to make it to the door, and once they made it to the porch, he scooped Tony the rest of the way into his arms. At another point in time, Tony might have found the energy to feel embarrassed about ending the night getting bridal carried out of a sorority party, but just at that moment all he could feel was the comfort of Steve’s shoulder pressed against his cheek.
Steve had just opened his mouth to reply when a new, high-pitched beeping joined the sounds of the television and the alert still pinging from their comms. Both of them turned to look for its source and saw that the metal disc containing Ward’s footage had started flashing red.
Steve’s head whipped around immediately at the note of urgency in Tony’s voice. His eyes scanned rapidly across Tony’s face then skipped down to the drink Tony had let drop to the floor. Comprehension dawned over his features, followed quickly by a look of white-hot rage that made Tony gasp out loud.
Steve was smiling now, feeling his shoulders relax as Tony’s expression loosened. Maybe Tony heard the smile in his voice, because he gave a theatrical sigh and flopped toward Steve, propping himself up on one elbow so he could look at Steve’s face.
“Maybe we can postpone the competitive math until after the briefing?” he suggested, and without waiting for a response, he opened the door and led the way into the conference room.
“You’re one to talk,” Steve smiled wryly. “I see you found time to get in a firefight while I was out.”
He rolled up onto the tips of his toes to kiss Steve gently, feeling Steve’s hands brush faintly up his arms. When they pulled apart, Steve let his hands fall back to his sides, and Tony took a step back, watching Steve's face until the searching look in his eyes became too much to bear.
I’m leaving you behind.”
“Fuck,” he swore.
“There’s no need,” Steve responded to cover his reaction, flexing the hand that had brushed Tony’s as he let it fall back to his side. “We’ve got the schedule covered for now. I was actually hoping I could talk you into a snack break.”
Shortly after their last opponent hit the ground, Harrison grabbed Steve’s arm.
“I don’t know, Tony,” he muttered, his brows knitted together. “I tried my best.”
Rumlow plunged Tony’s head forward into the water, and a hot wave of anger boiled over Steve. Tony was struggling against Rumlow’s fist, and Steve could hear the frantic thrash of air bubbles surfacing as if it they were rupturing inside his own chest. It took every ounce of will he possessed not to try to fight his way out of the restraints by brute force.
Steve jumped back, his cheeks burning.
“Just like what happened to Killian was mine, but I don’t seem to remember you being eager to sit that one out,” Tony retorted.
Tony’s eyebrows shot up at what seemed like a simultaneously vague and specific request, and he was about to press Grant with a follow-up when they were cut off by the sharp buzz of a phone.
“Does this hurt?” Tony asked.
When the doors to the Tower elevator slid open, Steve walked through them without looking, his face still buried in a gym towel. He’d just gone through three reinforced punching bags in an effort to work off the frustration from his latest SHIELD mission, but even the resulting full-body ache wasn’t enough to weigh down the anxiety buzzing through his chest, and between the towel and the nerves, it took a moment for Steve to notice that the elevator was already occupied.
“I believe the general policy is to allow for discussion on all business to do with the faculty handbook,” said Hot Hall Monitor.
Tony felt a slow grin spreading across his face, and he looked instinctively back toward Steve to see if he had noticed Natasha’s adaptation to the game. But when he met Steve’s gaze, the grin stuck, only halfway formed. Because Steve was staring directly at him, his jaw and brow set into hard lines that (as Tony had learned through painful experience) were Steve’s tell for, “wearing a parachute would only slow me down.”
“Do I even want to know?” Rhodey asked.
“I’m fine,” Tony agreed. He gave one of Steve’s hands a squeeze, and Steve felt a very different kind of heat swoop through his stomach. “And you’re lucky that you will be too. The firefighters showed up right after you tackled my junior P.R. executive into a wall – I asked you not to do that, by the way. But I guess I’ll let it slide this one time, seeing as you saved my life and all.”
“Well it was their work; we can’t do anything about it.” Richard said as he added.” Besides, they are already dead. So I don’t think we can do anything about that or complaining to dead people probably would not be such a good idea.” Richard pointed out.
I'll be putting the rest of the team and members of the Avengers, the comic verse and the movie one.
Chapter 9
Steve watched Peter. No he wasn’t being creepy. He just loved the sight of his son eating his food as if it was the most heavenly thing he had ever tasted. “Did you like it, Peter?” Steve asked, blinking like an old-school housewife. “Um? Oh yeah! You’re a great cook, Mr. Steve. Thank you for the food as well. I haven’t had this great meal after aunt May left for her trip.” Peter shyly admitted.
“Wow. Okay, so what will happen now?” Peter asked, looking at his fathers. Tony raised a brow, shaking his head. “For now we are going home and figure out a plan to deal with this- and no, young man. You’re staying in bed for days. Weeks or months or years, for all I care. It’s Reed’s order that you take a few days off duty as Spiderman and takes a rest. In the meantime, I’m going to fix your suit.” Tony said.
‘Wow.’ He made a dramatic coo face.
After everything was settled, the Avengers were done solving everything, well not everything, but they did do their best. Tony shoo-ed everybody (in a polite, Stark’s way. Logan was throwing a murderous glare at him) out of the tower after they were finished expect for Clint, Bruce, Natasha, and Steve.
“I want Clint to have another close combat with the kid so he can get a few blood samples from Spiderman. I’ll make him a weapon that could prick a drop of Spiderman’s blood without him knowing, and then I might let both Bruce and Richard to analyze the blood. Maybe it can also reveal us on what our target looks like.” Tony said.
Clint snapped. “No! I remember what it looks like. It’s just that don’t laugh or freak out?” He asked as they blinked at him. “No…why would we?” Steve asked as Clint sighed before saying it out loud. “His bag was full of Captain American and Iron Man logo stickers and a pin that had ‘I heart Science’ written on it.” He said.
It was bit awesome for Peter. It meant he wouldn’t get sick ever. He had always wondered why he never got a fever when he was a kid, despite his weak features. He never complaint about his outer appearances, about why he was born small, short and thin. He was completely satisfied with the way he was.
“Uh, Professor, m-may I be excused? I don’t feel good, sir.” He lied. The teacher eyed him for a while before nodding his head. “T-Thank you sir.”
It snapped Steve from his catatonic state. “What do you mean by that? What are you up to Tony?” he asked his husband who began to get out of the bed and went to the phone beside his small office table he had in their bedroom and picked it up. He began to dial a number.
won’t happen and that you want our relationship back but more importantly, I want our son back as well.” Steve said as he kissed Tony again.
“W-Wait! Stop right there! See there! What’s that?” James asked Johnny before calling Tony. The billionaire obeyed and strutted with narrowed brows.
Wonder what will happen now that Peter's is injure and unconscious? :o
Clint who was near the printer picked up the paper and handed it to Tony who was looking it up then went towards Francis, handing him the now printed tag number.
Clint shadowed the boy from behind, careful not to be seen. It wasn’t
Peter swallowed deeply before saying in a small voice. “Uh…hey?” He said cheekily, dropping in a curl at the glare from his parents.
He thought. “So…how’s your weekend, Pete?” Steve asked as Peter glanced up his step-dad and blinked his eyes before saying. “It was doing okay. You?” He asked. “Busy.” Steve simply said.
“Just try to make sure the kid won’t do anything stupid to hurt himself. We still need him to join our group. Captain’s order.” He stated. Clint blinked. “Which one? Steve’s order or Nick Fury’s?” He asked.
“Now the group one would be going to the couple’s former work place to investigate there and see if you could find any lead or whatever we could find that could lead us to Peter’s real history or if his-…Mine and Steve lost kid.” Tony stopped short at the mention of the name and the reason for this mission before shaking his head. He tried not to get sentimental.
In the dark, a hope, false or not; Tony and Steve hoped one day, their son would return to them safely and unharmed.
After finding out that Peter Parker might be their long lost son? Tony began making new mission plan for the Avengers.
“No.” Tony said sternly, face serious. “Just having an epic tea party with my epic friends because we’re epic awesome like that.” Everyone threw him a look. Under the table, Clint hissed when his head knocked against the table. Bruce, darn Bruce, had the tendency to kick him in the shin. The beast! If he was a puppy, Clint would have bitten his leg and then Bruce would turn into a Hulk and then they would have Hulk versus puppy!Clint fight. Clint huffed.
“I don’t know? You came up with the idea in the first place.” Clint said as he and Tony began to argue again. “Don’t you think is kind of weir that Spiderman stopped here at Midtown Science high school?” Bruce asked.
“Huh? Didn’t know they were that kind of people but hey! You can only see things such as that on TV.” Johnny said. Bruce laughed behind him. The human torch raised a brow at the smaller man and Bruce hurriedly hid it with a blush.
The blood result came out positive, meaning this Peter Parker was indeed Tony and Steve’s stolen child. The two were shaken; trying to sink the horrifying fact their son had been used as a test subject to a sick, lack-of-humanity research by none other than Richard Parker himself. This was just too much for them to bear with.
“If you join the Avengers, you might get to be one of the most powerful sidekicks? Or if you want you can work alongside them or join the Young Avengers like us.” It was Sam Alexander, Nova, the new recruit Nick had found and joined the Young Avengers group along with Frank’s kid last year.
Bruce and Natasha heard what Peter said and couldn’t help but to beam at the statement. Steve who heard it too just shook his head. After breakfast, Happy barged in to the crowded kitchen and handed Peter expensive-looking garments. The boy hesitated, and Tony sent him a wide grin.
He asked himself before he blackened out.
Group two was certainly busy at the moment, finding info about the Parker’s couple in Stark tower. JARVIS helped them as well to make it easier and faster. They were thankful for it.
“Hi?” He said a little shy all of the sudden. “Hi, buddy. Listen. Bruce and these two will be staying the night. I need Bruce and her to stay here and keep the house company for a few days since we’re going to see your aunt. And this is Dicklin Darling. He’s coming with us. He’s one of my elite bodyguards.” Tony clarified.
“Tony, there’s no time for your silly joke right now.” Steve said firmly yet softly.
“And you are her-?” The doctor asked as Steve answered. “His nephew, sir.” He said. “Oh…and how old are you?” The doctor asked a little concerned since Peter looked much too young than he had thought.
Sorry it took me a bit longer to post this up.
“I won’t mind so long as Peter would let me know if he has made his decision so that I can let his guardian know of this great offer.” The principal said. ‘
“Do you really want to know?”
“I bet they already used that serum on someone else.” Tony accused. He then swiveled to look at his friend. “What can the serum do?” Richard stared at Tony and thought of a way to explain it to him in an easy way for Tony and the others to understand, sure Tony could understand science language but not to a certain higher level since the billionaire was mostly majored in creating and inventing.
“I’m happy for you, Peter. You are always so special. I will always support you on whatever you want to do in your life. But that’s not what I want to tell you.” She smiled reassuringly.
“Am I interrupting something?”
Someone wanted to bother him when he wasn’t in the mood to deal with anything at the moment. Slowly, shadow of man merged from within the shadow.
Then Peter looked at his aunty May and knew he couldn’t hide this from her any longer. So he began to describe everything, slowly and with every bit of detail.
Peter visit his Aunty May only to be broken a few days later when May died due to her weak condition. But not before confronting the boy about his identity about telling the boy the whole true, that he was adopted and left a letter for Peter to read. Along side with his mother's letter and journals.
“Hey Peter!” the person said as Peter looked up and smiled.
He might be able to forgive his mother and understand her reason. But not Richard Parker. He could never forgive this betrayal, this hurt and all it happened because of one experiment. Did he ever worth anything to him than just a test subject?
“W-What makes you so sure that you think I-I’m Peter Parker? I hate to say this but I think you might have mistaken me for someone else—” Peter stuttered.
“I’m fine! I’m fine.” Harry said.
“Tony, I know that you are worried and fear of finding out the truth if our son is indeed Spiderman. I know how you feel because I feel the same too. But listen okay?” He brought Tony’s face to his line of vision.
What he felt that moment was betrayal more than anything.
“Steve! We do have a proof! Peter is
The two could only hope Peter would understand, would accept them as his real parents, but for now, the couple would just enjoy their time with Peter for a while.
“You little shit!” Green Goblin hissed. “I should have killed you those months ago when I got the chance!” he admitted.
“About that, we are gathering here today for a new mission.” he said as everyone began to listen carefully. “Our new mission will be to initiate plan C. We are going to try and investigate Mr. and Mrs. Parker. I’m going to have to divide everyone into—“ Tony said but was cut off when Clint butted in and asked.
Steve knew it was harder for Tony to just forget their lost son but he had moved on (as heartless as that sounded) but sometimes,
“That’s great Tony.” Steve said after that they went back to work.
Tony and the other made it to Manhattan, New York, at the Parker couple’s former residence.
“Anyway, your second suit, which I call it the yellow Spider. The suit is made of armor like suit, but it’s really light, almost weightless. The same material that I used to made Steve’s costume.” Tony said.
Tony addressed the boy, “They are yours. Now go on and get ready. Steve and I will be waiting for you.” he said. Peter shyly thanked Tony before going back upstairs to take a quick shower.
He was a straight A’s student. Bruce got up and went back to the office. “I have already picked a student and I would like to interview Mr. Parker since he caught my attention. The child is quite smart and I would like to see if he is more than that. He’s the only one that stands out the most.” He said. The principal winced at the mention of Peter.
“Umm…there was none- oh wait! ‘First state’.” James said as Tony told Henry to find the documentary of this label. Henry went and found it, handing the paper to Tony who began to read it.
“Dude! What is up with you villain trying to get at me?! Do I have a sign of ‘come on and get Spiderman’ look on my face?” he snapped and was getting tired of being the target of every villain he had encountered, which by the way only a few people; the Lizard, Green Goblin and Doctor Octopus.
he said to himself, and then found three more of the same type spiders before putting it in a small cylinder glass tube. Bruce picked the three separated objects, carefully inserting it into his bag, making sure the glass like jar wouldn’t get broken. “So everything’s settled?” Steve asked the two who glanced up at him and nodded as they went out of the office.
“I-…I’d assume so. Well then, shall we continue?” Bruce smiled a half-heartedly smile.
The serum was supposed to replace Peter’s former deteriorating condition into something extraordinary and strong, giving him the healthy body with a strong immune system.
Soon the rest of the Avengers were there, helping their teammates.
During classes, Peter was interrupted by his private Avengers phone. It was signaling him they had an emergency at the moment. He groaned. He was in the middle of their history class when the thing vibrated in his pocket.
“I-…see…well if you’re busy I’ll just ask you later.” Peter made a move to press the button when Tony’s voice stopped him. “No! Wait! It’s okay. What do you need?” Tony asked.
. Although Tony didn’t want to do anything for the Parkers – let them be damned-, he had to do this one. For Peter’s sake.
Tony thought, feeling somewhat happy by the statement.
What surprised him was the one on the center between the Beast and Ant-man. In the seat was none other than Bruce Banner, his mentor. Well one of his mentors, which surprised him.
Tony thought of it before nodding his head. “We could do that… Now for our new mission. Good, now let’s start with our plan. I want each one of you to divide into four groups.  Now. Here are the groups. Group one would be: Me, Steve, Reed Richards and Bruce Banner. Group two will be Henry Pym, Henry McCoy and Ben. Group three will be Janet Van Dan, Susan Richards, Natasha and Jenifer Walters. Group four will be: Dr. Strange, Clint, Thor and Johnny Strom and John Blaze. Group five will be: Mathew Murdock, Brain Braddock, Francis Castiglione and Logan.” Tony said as he looked at everyone for their agreement.
he thought.
“If you have nothing to say, then let me handle this!” Tony forced out.
During dinner, Peter thought of something as he said. “Would it be okay if I still keep my surname as ‘Parker’?” He said as he saw both his real father and step-dad had a frown on their face.
Downstairs.
Tony was down in his lab and he was prohibited to go there at the moment. Tony quoted the
Tony waves his hand at him and said. “It’s okay, I get it. And yeah, I’ll sign this for you.” He cooed as he pulled out a pen and signed the paper before handed it back to Peter. Tony didn’t miss the sparkly lit in Peter’s eyes as Peter grinned at him and said. “Thank you, Mr. Stark! I owe you for doing this for me. I wanted my aunt to sign this in the first place for me but since she’s out of town, I couldn’t possibly ask it from her.” He said, now beaming. Tony couldn’t help but to feel something inside him explode with glee and warm. Darn it, he really did care about this boy.
“He had a change of mind and thought of it as ‘Why not try’ thing sir.”
“This thing is your armor suit’s remote. Whenever you need it, just press this button here and your suit will come and get you and you can get inside it, like how I do with my own suit. But, like I said a while ago. The spider armor suit is used only for-”Tony said but was cut off as Peter said.
He had witnessed the death of his aunt a few weeks ago, followed by the crucial news (presented on papers) of his real identity from his adopted mother and deceased aunt. He was a stolen child, taken away from his biological parents by the man he had thought to be his real father all this time. In his whole life, he was lied to by the people he came to care as his own family.
“I don’t have to worry about that, Bruce-y. I don’t have to go inside to get the information.” He said in a flat tone which made Steve, Bruce and Richard Reed to stare disconcertedly at him as he rolled his eyes at them. Tony produced the duffel bag he brought with them and pulled out what looked like to be small camera and complex-shaped anode.
The three thanked the woman from the desk before heading out of the building, going inside Tony’s car. Steve took off his wig and the glasses before facing his husband and giving Tony his
Peter was in the waiting room with Steve. He emphasized how he didn’t need Steve to coddle to him but the older man insisted, cuddling the boy protectively in his arms.  “I-I didn’t even have the chance to tell her I love her.” Peter murmured. Eyes rimmed red, as Steve rubbed the boy’s back. He glanced at his husband. For the first time in his life, Tony didn’t have the answers to appease his son’s pain. He just had to be useless when it came to his son, wasn’t he? The goatee man excused himself from the room.
“It’s okay, Cap. I’m calm, cool, see? You can let me go now.” Tony formed a fake smirk. Steve eyed him, making sure that he was actually composed enough.
Unknown to the couple who was busy lip-locking, Logan scurried out from the room to summon Captain American and Iron Man, only to regret it when he saw the leaders of their Avengers were smooching-like-shitty-opera-couple out in the hallway. He shut the door real loud, marching off elsewhere. Face red in anger and displeased.
Tony just chuckled at that. “I want you to design your own for it will be your room for a long time.” Tony said, because Peter was not allowed to leave them.
“Hey! No fair! How come she gets the normal stuff?”
“So, anything new you guys found about the Parker couple?” Tony asked.
My brother had that comic book, that Avengers 'Civil wars' comic book version issue #4 , and I read it once, it cool. I'm not going to say what the issue #4 was, that would be way spoiler for those who haven't read it yet.
Their investigation was cut off when JARVIS informed Tony that Peter was on his way to the penthouse. It confused Tony why Peter wanted to come to the tower at this kind of hour. It was already night. Shouldn’t a kid like Peter be at home like a good teenager, eat their dinner and do their homework or go to bed early or something? Tony’s eyes narrowed. No child of his would act like a delinquent-
I'm thankful for everyone who enjoy this story. But I'm going to abandoned this story due to my busy work and will be deleting this story and my other work as well. Since I don't have time to write fanfiction anymore. And for a good reason. Other reviewer and reader keeps saying that this story was a rip off or a copy of someone work and my other work too. When in truth I haven't read any of those stories or work. Everyone keeps saying they read those story from neither in ff.net or wattpad or here. I don't even reads story that are posted on ff.net or wattpad. Well not anymore. Expect here. But I would never copy them! >:/
The Starks had gone mad. They were acting as if they were his parents. It was rather annoying than touching.
“Yeah, we found a few things. We have discovered the couple, rather cliché,
“This is odd.” Everyone turned to the flexible man. “What’s odd, Richard?” Tony asked.
Sliver surfer wasn’t present as well since he was still busy somewhere else. He was okay with. Saying he’d meet them at some other time when they were present.
He wouldn’t need to worry much. Still, going out fighting in ‘Spandex’ was definitely a no-no on his list.
“How’s it going with babysitting Spiderman, Hawkeye?” A voice called out from behind him. Clint squinted around to see the Punisher. He grinned and waved. “Doing great!”
“O Captain, my Captain, to what do I owe pleasure?”
“That was a little rude,” Grant observed as Tony pulled him away, though Tony noticed his shoulders relaxing as they moved away from the table and the active threat of extracurricular strategy games.
“Yes,” she replied, her voice stronger. “But Tony –”
Tony’s hand fell off the switch, one of the few clumsy things Steve had ever seen him do.
“Virginia Bell-Pepper Potts,” he said admiringly. “You absolute menace.”
not getting the jokes,” he said, taking a seat on one end of the couch and booting up the projector. “You can keep electrocuting things, or you can come lie down and explain the punch lines to me until you pass out.”
“You’re hurt,” Tony insisted, holding Steve gently at bay and trying not to smile at the look of impatience on his face.
Steve felt flecks of pudding spatter onto his arm and realized he had crushed the plastic cup in his fist. He gasped in a deep breath and forced himself to relax his hand, trying to hold himself steady as the edges of room whirled around him.
“All right, Captain Bossypants,” Tony said. “You’re hired.”
bit when he took a hard hit during that afternoon’s game and came up holding his wrist awkwardly. Or maybe one time — just
The other passenger was Tony Stark, who was currently slumped in one of the corners, his eyes closed and his mouth slightly ajar, looking as if he’d fallen asleep standing up. Which...was exactly what had happened, Steve realized, because Tony was now emitting the tiniest of snores, his head bobbing back against the mirrored glass behind him.
“That’s because Cap doesn’t get slappy when he’s hangry, Romanov. Now fork over the goods.”
“Nothing about you is replaceable, Tony,” Steve insisted, and Tony wondered when that voice – so gentle and stubborn and unworried – was ever going to stop making his heart leap into his throat. “I’m asking what
Tony realized he was staring, his mind struggling to catch up.
“And then we kick some HYDRA ass,” Clint grinned.
With that, he hoisted the strap to his bag over one shoulder and strode out of the lecture hall, leaving Tony staring after him in annoyance. How had Dr. Nothing Tastes as Good as Self-Righteousness Feels managed to steal his cue for a dramatic exit
"Incredible," Tony said flatly, imagining the tart zing of the lemon curd that was currently blessing Dr. Grant's tongue instead of his own.
James softened, his brow twisting from frustration to concern. "Okay, okay. Sit down. What's wrong? Are you in trouble?"
happen,” Steve grit out, his jaw aching with the effort of keeping his voice in check.
“What’s the situation, kid?” he asked. “Are you hurt?”
“No!” everyone chorused, and Thor nodded reluctantly, as if he saw the wisdom of their verdict.
“Right. So we should probably –”
“I hadn’t heard about the Hot Pockets,” Steve said, his brow furrowing, “but that makes it the third time this week that the ‘hand of genius’ has struck your lab. Don’t get me wrong: I’m relieved to hear that no frozen turnovers were harmed in today’s incident. But I wouldn’t mind if you switched creative fuels to something a little less volatile. Like eight hours of sleep – just to choose an example totally at random.”
After Simmons had given Steve the all-clear, the team had opted to have “celebratory margaritas” at the Tower, in spite of the near-total destruction of the common room. Steve suspected the other Avengers had agreed to the idea for the same reason Steve had suggested it: they wanted to be home together.
But Peter will eventually going to up with neither Harry, Wade in the end, since only one had voted for two voted for flash as a Venom, (the second one who voted as Flash as a venom was me, lol, but I don't count.)  Or does everyone want me to make this a foursome pairing? I wouldn't mind.
“If you want we can take this at the basketball gym since there won’t be any practice for today.” Peter notified. Bruce agreed as the two headed out. (
“It’s could be. We won’t know not unless we find out. If only we could get a simple of his blood to test his DNA and see if his DNA has fused with the radioactive spider DNA or so.” Richard supplied.
That night, after his eyes blinked close, Peter was dreaming. He dreamed a dream of him in a closed, confined white room with men in white surrounded him. Through his eyes, he was looking at something but couldn’t tell what it was.
“Hey, it’s okay. So your Aunty May is out of town for a while huh?” He asked to which Peter nodded his head. “Yeah. Something about going to a flower camp, old people stuff, with her fellow friends for a couple of days. Thought I don’t mind. I mean Aunty May has the right to go through that camp after uncle Ben’s…you know, died—” Peter said but was cut off as someone said. “Ben, May? Ben and May Parker as in Richard Parker’s sister-in-law?” Reed asked, surprised. It was just a bet because there was tons of couple out there with the wife’s name as May and husband as Ben but-…Peter turned and nodded his head towards Richard. “Y-Yeah… You knew my dad?” He asked. Richard nodded his head.
Chapter 5
PS: This story had been edited by my Beta named WookieCookie. :3 and I'll like to say a big thank you for all her hard word of being my beta. :3
“I…all right, Tony. I’ll do it and
Nine months later, Tony gave birth to their child, but not without any complications. Their son, proudly named Peter Benjamin Rogers-Stark, was born small and came out pale-blue. The doctor had immediately sent the infant in the incubator room for future notice and checked if the infant surfer more than just breathing problem. Tony was devastated while Steve - who was outside waiting for the news and the arrival of their son - found out about the whole ordeal when the doctor had informed Steve regarding the issue of their son.
Peter, for his part, felt loved. So his dad did really want him as his son, but did he think of him when he went missing those years ago?
“Rooftop?! What the heck is he doing there?!” Steve asked. “Actually, young sir has been there the moment you left his room this very morning. And he’s wearing nothing.” Jarvis informed him.
Then on the fourth day, May finally woke up from her coma, looking pale. Peter was with her the whole time. “Peter? Y-You’re here? B-But how?” She stuttered. Peter bit his lower lip. What could he say? That Tony Stark helped him with everything, for free without wanting anything back? She would hardly believe it.
Bruce deadpanned at Tony.
“Yes Richard and I went to the same academy together before we went on our separate way. The last time I saw him when he was married to his wife Mary Parker. But I didn’t know he had a kid, much less a son.” Richard Reed was now interested about this. He knew his former college friend had died years ago. He was there at their funeral, and was able to meet Ben and May but there wasn’t any sign of Peter there. “I was at their funeral and was able to meet with your aunt. They never mentioned about the couple having a son before.” Richard said, looking suspicious. “Oh?...” Peter said in a small voice before stuttering.
Steve, among all of people, would know that feeling. Losing the people he’d loved, like Peggy and Bucky.  Especially Bucky because Bucky was always there and he was Steve’s most-…the man inhaled. No point dwelling in the past anymore. “I would like to see how good you are so why don’t we start sooner than later. We’ll do it around…weekend? Sounds good to you?” Tony Asked. Peter bobbed his head repeatedly.
“You look…err…hot?” Richard bluntly blurted without thinking which made Steve, Tony and Bruce to stare at him weirdly before Tony grinned like a loon.
The doctor looked at Peter, who was frowning at Tony. “I…very well, Mr. Stark.” The doctor gave in. Peter wasn’t surprised the doctor knew Tony. Who wouldn’t? Tony Stark was a well-known CEO, and not to mention he was the one who called the hospital May was in and arranged everything. The doctor, Tony, Steve and Clint scurried out of the room, while Peter was left behind to keep his aunt company. They entered the doctor’s private office.
“What?” Captain Britain asked. “I so hate you right now.” Logan said. “Huh? What did Cap Brit. Do now?” Johnny asked confusedly. Logan groaned
Peter watched his two idols left along with Nick Fury. A frown dominated his face; the mask prevented anyone to see it. Did his idols don’t want him to join their group?
“Yes.” Nice commented in a deadpan tone. Tony sighed. “Fine, fine…at least I get to do something rather than idling and doing nothing at home…”
“Wait? So we’re just going to abandon plan B?!” Clint screeched.
If Peter was curious as to why there was hesitation in pronouncing his name, he didn’t show it.
Tony thought as he continued to watch the video.
“If you want we can talk more? I was actually here to interview a student that I see fit to take an Internship for the Stark Industry.” He said.
He was surprised when his fathers hugged him, tightly as Tony murmured to him.
Natasha gathered her stuff. She stopped short when she looked at the photo of Peter Parker the Agent had sent her.
“Hop in and let’s go.” Harry said.
“Yes, plan C! I want some of our Avengers members to go and investigate anything that have to do with Richard and Mary Parker! I’ll list things for them to do tomorrow on our new mission.” Tony muttered the last part.
?” Peter looked somewhat curious. Clint just snorted, glaring at Tony who flashed him a wide beam. Steve groaned.
Steve went back to the lab and saw Tony, looking up the moment the elevator door dinged open and smiled up at him. “Well? How is he?” Tony hastily questioned. “He went to take a bath. I warned him to not go in the main lab since you are busy at the moment doing whatever project you are doing with your friends.”
For now, they would wait until Peter was out from the infirmary. They needed to discuss this with the boy. They must tell him
“I—” Peter said but was cut off when Tony decided to come out from his hiding spot and said (surprising the boy). “Of course I won’t mind you call me dad, Peter.  It means you finally accept me and Steve as your new parents--”
Peter was surprised to hear this. Tony was giving away the nursery room he and Steve had worked so hard for it. “No…” He said. “No?” Tony asked with a frown.
“Did you just fall of out of your bed or something?” Peter asked.
“It’s okay. So what else?” Peter asked.
“But pops! No one’s going to see me when you’re up in a hundred floors building!” Peter said with a whine.
The only thing he remembered and heard was the scream of his name from the Avengers.
“Oh him?” He said before sighing. “Sir? Is there a problem that I should be aware about this child?” Bruce tilted his head. “Ah. No. Yes Peter is a great choice. It’s just that I don’t think you might want to pick him as a student. His attitude is a little too much.”
“What?! No, you can’t do this!” He scowled. Steve ignored the boy.
“Inventing? Like what exactly?” Bruce asked. He was interested to know about this one. Peter’s face lit up, probably in excitement more than the fact that he was exhilarated to know that someone curious of the things he built. It was first. Peter shouldered his stance before he began telling Bruce the countless of tiny to medium things he’d created for the past years since he was a child.
Steve shook his head at the thought and took a deep breath before looking at Tony seriously and said. “T-Tony… I know this is important to you…” Steve said as Tony frowned at him and said.
“Don’t destroy them too much. Iron Man still needs some of it for examination and sees to whom it belongs to.” Hawkeye said. Peter nodded, jumping down.
Soon Peter found him being err- interrogate by Mr. Stark, repeating the same questions just like Bruce did yesterday. The need to know about his family was rather disturbing. He didn’t see the connection between that and the requirement for internship. Steve sent a soft, sad look at the boy whenever Peter mentioned the absence and death of his parents in his life, the incident happened to his uncle Ben and how he was living with his aunt May. Just the two of them. No one else.
Chapter 2
he thought and felt a little betrayed by it. Then he was more surprised as well when he saw Black Window.
There standing in the door was a mortified Wolverine. Everyone stared at him weirdly. Logan noticed this, glaring at every single in the room, running a hand on his face before purposely marched to his seat. Though not before he threw the glariest glare he could muster at Brain.
Secretly, Peter was glad this wasn’t a ploy to discover and/or to apprehend Spider-man.
PS: This story is originally belong to me (korchan26), WookieCookie is my beta or editor who I'm grateful for helping out. :)
“No. I don’t want to tell her just yet since I’m not sure if I’m being approved yet. I don’t want to get her hopes up only for it to be crushed down. She- she has a fragile health. So-…yeah.”
“Actually it might be.” Natasha said.
After the episode with the Lizard three months ago, everything went back to normal. Well mostly normal except for Peter who was still busy committing his fighting crimes of catching burglars, thieves, kidnappers, and so on. The usual cliché things.  Peter still continued going to school by day, Spiderman and crime fighting by night.
At that statement, everyone was hitched by the thick silence clouded the room.
Bruce couldn’t help but to let out a soft snort. “Not likely or have you forgotten everything that happened last night?” Bruce probed. “Last night? What about—”Tony asked but stopped when he suddenly remembered everything, every episode, every dark memory.  “SHIT! FUCK! PETER! Of course. Darn it.” Tony cursed before he fell back on the bed. The billionaire didn’t go back to sleep, instead he just stayed there, looking at the ceiling with a deep thought.
Mathew sat on the other side. The three watched Family Guy. Well, mostly it was only Frank and Lucas watching it. Matt was blind to everything, indulging the view of his family.
Like Tony, Steve too missed their stolen son from them. He fantasized of what it would feel like to teach Peter to play baseball or to teach him to ride a bike. The things a normal father would teach their son. Sometime he dreamed of reading a bedtime story to Peter, if he was still there. Steve bit the insides of his lips as silver tears fell and he turned around to face the back of the armchair.
“Tony, look at me?” He softly ordered. Tony did. Steve saw Tony’s expression- It was of concern and worry.
“I think this Spiderman isn’t a threat… I mean judging from his background you give us and from what I read from the newspapers….he seems to be less a danger to us. In fact I think he’s doing us a favor by stopping petty crimes.” Steve said, not looking up as both Nick fury and Tony stopped arguing and everyone eyed him. “Well, that might be true but what caught my attention isn’t that. What caught my attention is, about the whole incident with the lizard-creature that had occurred three months ago.” Nick Fury sternly pointed out.
At that shocking news and statement, Peter let out a wheeze.
And just to let you all know? I just finish making this chapter the other day ago, when my cold finally settle down and send it right away to my beta. And just received the edited version of this one just now.
“Hey, Harry!” Peter reacted.
So they were trying to find a way by solving this scheme and experiment and maybe someday they could explain it to Peter with a proof and the right answer when the boy asked for it.
“What are we going to do now?” Tony asked as Reed informed them that Peter was going to be okay, thanks to his healing ability. The poison was cleansed from Peter’s system.
“Is… Isn’t that looked like a transporter?” Henry Pym said. “Transporter? What kind of transport?” Tony asked and said.
The baby continued to cry and cry and cry, showing no attention to stop but before any of the man could do anything, the child stayed still; the beeping on the monitor went quiet for a moment – sending the scientists into disarray – before it beeped once again. This time calmly.
And this chapter was also being edited by WookieCookie and check and fixed it for me, so I really want to say thank you for her for all the help. :)
The moment he got home, Peter ran up to his room, ignoring Aunt’s May protest of no running in the house. He sat on the chair and turned on the computer, fingers tapping on the keyboard, searching for any results of Tony Stark offering an internship or anything closer to that. Peter’s eyes puckered into confusion when the results came out empty.
“What?! You missed him?! Ha!” Tony mocked through their connection.
When he was finished, the boy was wearing a branded greyish pants, a printed t-shirt with a black hoodie jacket, a black-white paired sneakers, and a new patented watch.
“Well… I guess it must have slipped their mind with…the news of…my parents’ death and all...” Peter said, clearly didn’t want to talk anything about his parents. Reed realized and backed away from the conversation slowly.
They went to the loft but there wasn’t anything extraordinary other than common things people usually put here.
“Spidey?” Steve asked through their communication. “My new nickname for Spiderman since it’s kind of easier calling him that.” He pointed out. “Spidey huh? Great nickname.” Hawkeye said as he supplied. “So? Did you track him yet?” He asked. “Yeah. He’s on the move. Just wait for us there so we can all catch up and find out where his hideout is.” Tony said before informing the rest of the team.
Spiderman was about to take off his mask when his advance hearing caught a pad of soft footsteps. He whipped around to study the surrounding until he spotted Hawkeye through the left side. Peter dropped his bag, getting into a defensive position.
“Hobbies?”
Nova whistled next to him, glancing at the red-spandex boy. “Cap and Iron Man must be a little pissed with Nick.” He said. “Why?” Peter asked. Nova shrugged.
Though secretly, it was the other way around for Peter as he felt indebted to the man and this looked like something he couldn’t ever repay back.
“Internship? But I didn’t request for any internship, sir.” He stated.
‘Go do something, study, masturbate or whatever. Just do something.’
“B-But Tony! We don’t even know if what you’ve said is true. We don’t even have a proof to steel our claims it!” Steve protested.
“Mr. Banner here is looking for a student to offer an internship.” He said. “Um… May I ask why?” Peter asked as he added. “And why me? I mean they probably have plenty of students here that are legible. So why me?” He asked. “Mr. Banner has taken an interest in your grade and-” The principal said but was cut off as Bruce cut in.
“I get it. Yeah, fine. I’ll handle everything. Just go.” Pepper said. “Thank you so much, Pepper! You’re the best! I don’t know what I would do without you!” Tony boomed as he heard Pepper snort through the receiver.
“I DON’T CARE! JUST GET DOWN HERE, MISTER! YOU ARE SO GROUNDED AFTER THIS, YOUNG MAN!” Steve stated before he turned around to face his husband. “And you! You are not helping at all!” Steve stormed off. Probably going to the kitchen to prepare their dinner.
Spiderman eyed Hawkeye warily before asking. “Dude, you’re not one of those cops that after my head aren’t you?” He questioned in start. “What? No! I don’t work with those people. Not that they don’t do their best, but they just kind of suck at it.” Hawkeye babbled before he shook his head and said. “Hey! You’re trying to distract me!” He accused. This made Spiderman raise an eyebrow underneath his guise. ‘
Steve frowned at his husband for cutting him off like that but decided to ignore it. “Peter here is very bright for someone around his age. Science is practically his second life, just like you, Tony.” Bruce quirked his eyes, noticing the way Steve look at Peter.  “Oh, don’t worry Steve; Peter is pure and Tony won’t ogle on underage kid.” He jested with a serious expression. Tony barked out a laugh. Peter blushed. Steve glared at the shorter man.
“Well duh! I did ask, didn’t I?” He pointed out. Logan made a rumbling sound under his breath.
“I saw Cap and Iron Man.” He crossed his arms. The mutant puffed his chest forward.
He stared wide eye at the sight in front of him. It was a nursery room Tony and Steve had made those years ago when they found out they were going to be parents. “I-I…wha?” Peter blinked. Tony took a deep breath. “Technically, this was supposed to be mine and Steve’s real son room. We built this room for him. We were excited you know? We looked forward to it. To the day that our little boy would come home after he was born…only to be…” Tony stopped at that.
“Nah, it’s cool…history class was boring anyway.” Spiderman said. Clint shrugged before saying. “Anyway-”Clint was about to say something when he was interrupted by a loud crashing and banging noise from beneath them. They looked down.
“No shit, Sherlock. I wouldn’t know if-- what is it?” Harry said, sounding not so amused.
“Hunckybunny?!” Steve asked not too amusedly.
Children inclined to be curious about everything, and they weren’t that hard to explain in a pleasant and nice way without traumatizing them. However dealing with a teenager who was curious enough for their own good would get themselves into a deeper trouble and danger especially a childlike Peter, who often poked his nose to where it didn’t belong.
“Steve, I know is not right. But these are the same people who have taken Peter from me-…from us years ago.” Tony objected.
It was so unfair that both his dads were allowed to go on missions while he couldn’t. He had already cleaned his room yesterday, did his homework, and read books. He even finished watching all his favorite anime in three days and played video games.
Tony smiled through their kisses before pulling away from it and said in a soft caring voice. “Well I’m glad it’s settled then. Now go out there and give me that information I want, love.” Tony said as he kissed Steve one last time before shoo-ing his husband out of the car, a sweet smile adorned Tony’s face. Bruce and Richard looked behind them when Steve stepped out of the car, they looked at him amusingly, since Steve was looking all, happy and well, better, like a new person, or a person who just got the best Christmas gift in December.
