Steve huffed amused. "Tony, Peter is anything but normal. The kid is smarter than I am." He said fondly, making Tony finally look up at him.
He blinked again and saw Steve sit on the bed beside him, calmly sketching. "You don't have to stay." The genius whispered as he hid his face in his pillow and tried not to cry. Crying was for babies. Stark men don't cry.
He couldn't even say he worked on it with selfless intentions. He had hoped the new element could help divert some stress off the gem in his chest. But it still wasn't enough. Magic was cruel and even with the new cover, Tony was dying quickly. So he had to act fast.
What seems like an eternity later, Bucky busted through the door. Clint nodded and stepped aside so the soldier could rip the bathroom door off its hinges.
This makes me feel anxious to go home.
"Loki, who?" Bruce asked as he rolled his own sleeve back down. He had a good idea as to who, but please... Let it be someone else... Not...
It was the best kiss Steve had ever had.
"Huh, that's what Bruce said." Tony mutters out loud.
All hope had left those brown eyes. And the only thing that was left was a constant fear, pain, and acceptance.
The teacher didn't notice me being late. I merely snuk in during my maths college, and sat in my spot at the back. Sometimes I wonder if anyone would care if I were gone. But then I realise I already know the answer; they wouldn't even notice.
Natasha bet Clint ten bucks that they wouldn't last a month.
(See the end of the chapter for
As he tinkered on his favourite car, the bottle half empty and a pleasant buzz clouding his mind, he realised he was truly happy they had each other. Steve deserved so much more than Tony could ever give him.
"Right. And that would be...?" the genius spoke as he headed to the bar to pour himself a drink. A situation so similar to the one he had with Loki, and yet so different. First of all, he wasn't as terrified. Secondly, it was a lot more difficult to pour a drink with his shitty claw hands.
The Captain blinked in surprise and took a small step back at the pure hatred in Bucky's voice.
Coulson cleared his throat and the woman present turned around wearing a warm and pleasant smile. She was clothed in sharply pressed white garbs, making it easy to recognise her as nurse, and her strawberry blond hair was tied back in a tight bun. Something about her made Loki relax just the tiniest amount, she simply felt... Calm. Collected. It was impossible to imagine her losing her temper. In a strange way it reminded Loki a little of his mother.
By the time Tony was finally released from medical he had broken and repaired every little part of technology in the room. Including one very eventful day where he had taken apart his heart monitor causing several alarms to go off.
(--o--)
"Tony... You're almost falling asleep right here. Come on, you need to sleep. I came down to talk... But that can wait." The supersoldier simply lifted Tony up, told Jarvis to save the man's work, and carried him towards their bedroom.
Instead, I have a residential genius who works continuely, gives me more updates on tech than I can sell, and doesn't sleep at all. He barely eats, and I've never seen him more worn down and retreated in his life. And now, no one has heard directly from him in over a week." The CEO is furious and snaps at the Avengers without trouble.
It just grew from there on. Before I knew it you guys were moving I and we had been dating a year.
"Captain Rogers, Sir left you a message to be played after you found your gift."
At Bruce's confused face he continued. "I'm adopted. Thor's not my brother." He explained as he took his sunglasses off again, they were probably agitating his bruise.
And then Steve returned.
"I discovered the truth about your curse."
The elevator doors opened and the first thing Clint heard was Steve's angry voice.
(--o--)
Turns out Tony hasn't seen
And yet, it burnt within his chest. Refusing to extinguish. Maybe he was worthy? Maybe he had finally payed his dues. Maybe... maybe he could lift it?
"I'm glad you did." Steve answers softly, explaining further at Tony's sceptical glance. "If you hadn't I would still have had my head up my ass."
He shouldn't be in a workshop. He should be out living a normal life."
Then, suddenly, a loud laugh is heard, followed by an annoying giggle. Thor and Clint are laughing loudly, not saying a word, just laughing.
(See the end of the chapter for
Coulson was shocked by the quick changes in Loki's mood, they pointed to a depression that was naturally expected. Perhaps even PTSD... The student went from scared to panicked, to a sick form of calm.
There was a small part of me that hoped you guys would notice, that Steve was wrong, that I didn't deserve a hit so now and then to keep me focused.
They would be so happy together.
Fast forward a few years, Peter was already six years old (
"As I said, lady Potts, there is a cure. Anthony merely has to find love."
"I'm sorry." Loki suddenly whispered. "I realise it is not of your concern, Sir. I should not have bothered you with my emotional outburst. I will find a way. I will s-stay at some f-friend's house until I've found something..." The student whispered softer and softer. He was officially kicked out. The threat spewed daily finally made true. He was homeless. He wouldn't be able to afford his school, nor get a loan. Odin would take care of that.
happen.
How could anyone ever say it wasn't his fault when it so obviously was? If he had only been better...
He muttered suddenly very serious.
"Wait, he made this? Oh wow, seems like he prepared for Christmas after all." Hawkeye says bluntly just before Jarvis speaks up.
Loki knew he couldn't get a job. He had tried that multiple times. Odin always found out. And always made sure he both didn't get the job, and was thoroughly punished.
The top floors of Stark tower were never entered, and no one spoke of the CEO again.
"No Steve, it's alright." Tony interrupted with a frown. "He was right. Peter is
"I was just- Daddy, when can we finish the robot dog?" The too clever six year old asked, and Tony just knew the kid was pouting.
Water started running and Tony's pleading stuttered as his breathing apparently sped up. A loud slap was heard and Clint closed his eyes for a second to stop himself from shooting something.
Steve promised, threw a pillow at his best friend, and got up to make some dinner.
." Tony whispered softly, Steve flinched slightly. After all, that was exactly what he had done.
I quickly start walking to school.
Tony thought he made Steve happy. He thought their relationship was going pretty good. Sure they had only been officially dating for a few months, but that didn't mean it wasn't serious.
Steve was glad, since those good days seemed to be rather rare. That being said, he couldn't accept such an offer. "I appreciate it sir, but I wouldn't be able to afford two apartments. And SI generously covers my traveling fee so really it's no-"
They were ready for whatever could happen. Though, none of them could ever have predicted what they saw...
This is my favourite chapter so far. Which means, a lot of angst XD
He would jsut explain it and then he could go back to his life. And out of the bare cell he woke up in.
Maybe Natasha had gone rogue? Maybe Bucky's programming had reactivated. He had to get out and make sure his team was alright.
The two were sitting next to each other at the breakfast bar in silence which was finally broken by Tony's soft sigh. "Look Steve, I got drunk. I didn't mean to send that thing."
Tony starts crying softly, all the emotion becoming too much again. Friday clears her throat, or makes a sound similar to that, before speaking up softly but clearly.
Now the liking was a problem, because it meant Tony didn't want Steve to leave. He knew everyone always left eventually, but now his stupid brain hoped Steve would be the one to stay.
__________________________________________________________________
"Merry Christmas Sir."
After both saying goodbye, Loki left, feeling a small spark of hope somewhere deep within his heart. It refused to be pushed away, burning steadily and warmly.
Phil stayed silent for a long moment. He had expected the view, but that didn't mean he liked it. It never got easier to find out a student was being abused in some way. And in this case it seemed to be both physical and mental. Damn whoever did this. "Loki, could you tell me how that happened?" He asked softly.
"Which was six days too long."
Rhodey was flying in to spend some time with him in his last days. His best friend knew him too well and didn't respond to his cursing and shouting. Tony had even growled at Pepper to try and get her to leave, but she had just gotten a little teary eyed while telling him nothing he could say would make her leave.
"What the hell happened?"
We've got you."
"Any questions?"
I freaked out because it's so stupid and awkward and I'm so sorry-"
Please leave a comment if you enjoyed!!
Things weren't going better. Tony tried spending as much time with Peter as before, but he didn't know what to do. They build with Legos a lot, but Tony didn't know if that wasn't too close to working so he often cut that short to do something else. Like colouring, or teaching Peter how to ride a bike. Or play with his toy bugs. Normal kids stuff.
12:30 - practical chemistry class
He was working for Tony Stark.
Though, Clint didn't like it.
Tony couldn't help the small flinch, avoiding eye contact and nervously tapping his reactor. "I don't know what you're talking about."
The normally calm and collected nurse couldn't contain a small shocked gasp when he took his many layers of shirts off. Besides the ribs poking out in a rather disturbing manner, his skin on itself was a battlefield of cuts and bruises. Old scars mingling with new injuries. Spots faded that showed this abuse must have been going on since he was a very young child.
Bruce his hands were shaking a little, Steve wrapped an arm around his shoulders as Tony tried not to leave to go kill Odin himself.
"That's what happens, with adopted kids, they know their own parents didn't want them, and their adopted parents have a child of their own, so they try anything to get attention." Thor said to a tear faced Loki and a shocked set of adults. "Loki... Stop this madness and come home. What would father say-"
"You are aware only I can lift Mjölnir, as you have attempted to lift her before. I was merely wondering whether our time as comrades has changed this matter."
Four years ago already, Mary Fitzpatrick-Parker had left behind a three month old little boy, father unknown. Until of course, the CIA ran a DNA test and found out Tony was the father. What happened next had been a chaos of lawyers and cover-ups. Tony had wanted to keep his son, adopt him, without the media knowing.
Tony kept silent throughout the entire conversation. He eyed everyone's movements and tried not to flinch, feeling too wrecked and worn out to deal with this all.
Clint just whistled and grinned as Tony walked out like a man heading towards an execution, no one else commented.
"Y-yes please?"
Clint had gotten into trouble so many times, he was forced to meet with Phil twice a week. So once a week he talked to Steve in the hall before the office, they quickly became friends.
But all of that could wait. First of all, Loki needed a safe place. Somewhere he could relax and rest, heal his physical wounds. Phil smiled softly at Loki. "How about we get you to my house. Get you settled, someone will get your stuff from your old house. We can make it home a little." He spoke softly and calmly, keeping his voice steady as to not to scare the student even further.
Again, Loki attempted to leave, not expecting to be welcome. And again, Phil smiled and ushered him back in. "They're watching Cinderella. It's a  classic story, nice and sweet ending." The councillor explained before excusing himself and leaving the young adults to it. He trusted them to take care of each other.
But you all moved in... and you all... you told me how good Steve was for me. Even Fury said so. You were right, he was right. I don't deserve to be loved or cherished." He ended in a soft whisper, wanting to pull away even though his body ached for the soft touch Bucky provided.
The four friends met two years ago.
Oops, yeah, ehm, I forgot, there is this tiny little cliffhanger...
"Look at me when I'm talking to you." Steve growled, making Tony look back up immediately, eyes filled with terror.
Loki could hardly believe it, he stared down at the paper in his hands with tears in his bright green eyes.
Tony frowned and stayed silent, he didn't quite know how to answer and just grabbed his mug of coffee and left again.
It worked a bit, Loki snapped out of his thoughts and looked at Steve with confusion. "It isn't... Normal?" He asked softly, scared.
"Look Buck, don't worry alright? My job isn't dangerous, nor uncomfortable. I was just surprised that's all. I have a bit of an... odd boss. No need to worry." Steve promised honestly. After getting over the initial shock, the blond realised he had no reason to see this as anything but a new job. Tony seemed like a decent person, and he mostly lived off vegetable smoothies (Steve checked), hardly anything to be scared of.
As Phil finished explaining the situation to Loki, the student frowned slightly. Aside from the obvious concerns about never being able to pay back his debt to Coulson, Loki was worried about something else.
But this was way out of Bruce's depth, it had been just five years since he got out himself, and that was with the help of the police.
The cheerful assistant left at a nod of Coulson, and the councillor sat down in a chair opposite of the abused student. For a moment, he simply looked at Loki, taking in the hunched and scared demeanour. "Loki, I want to tell you what will happen now." Phil said softly and calmly, not wanting to scare the dark haired student even more.
It all came to an end about a week ago. Tony had performed some risky manoeuvres during their mission to save the last civilians in a collapsing building.
Steve does though. "Tony? Are you alright?"
A trip to the shop next door gave him toothpaste, a toothbrush, and some soap. He had the rest spare at home.
"Then why did he shut me out completely for the past three weeks?" Steve asks with a frown. "I miss him. But whenever I visited Malibu he would be hiding in the shop."
Tony watched everything with wide glazy eyes, almost gasping when Barton lifted the hammer up with ease as well.
Clint had a broken leg and two fractured ribs. He would be out of commission for at least two months while his leg healed.
And Phil's heart ached. Had there been anything else in this boy's life but fear and pain? Coulson would change that. He would. "How about this." The counsellor started after thinking for a moment. "We let Thor come here, we will make sure he cannot harm you, and we explain the situation. If he wants to leave his home, we can help him. And else we can make sure he will never harms you. He will be removed from this institution if needed."
Tony walked into the kitchen first, grabbing a snack and sitting silently while he ate. Natasha frowned lightly as she realised this weird behaviour had become almost normal for the usually chatty engineer.
The bottles hidden everywhere in the workshop were located and drained with the help of the bots. But without Jarvis. He had been muted since he kept trying to play Steve's messages.
There was a day where he would be the one doing just that.
20:38 - silence
The man before him grins, his fangs showing clearly, and holds out a claw to shake. "Trust me, neither did I. Nice to meet you Steve." He said as he shook Steve's hand. "The name is Stark, Tony Stark."
His own list was rather confusing. He always thought Pepper was one. But then he met Steve.
The student nodded softly, having to learn about his own self worth.
Maybe he should tell Steve the truth about the cure. While Thor was actually looking for a back up cure, Tony knew what the main solution was.
Steve moved in just a few weeks later.
Tony cuts the feed off again quickly and stumbles out of bed. Tears stream down his face, damn he's pathetic. He knew this was coming since he started dating Steve. One day the Captain would realise he could get better and leave. Tony had just hoped... Foolishly hoped it wouldn't be like this. He guessed it was for the best.
Steve didn't understand what Tony meant, and the billionaire just had to tell the Captain before he wasted more time on his ex. "No... You don't have to stay with
"Captain Rogers is currently in conversation with Sargent Barnes, Sir." The AI answered dutifully.
The engineer curled up against Bucky's side and yawned softly. Steve buckled them both up safely before telling the driver to take them home.
He took a long bath first, the shower in the workshop only went as far, shaved, and got dressed in some newer jeans and a nice white plain shirt. No holes, no old band logos.
The door flew open and almost all of them flinched. "My friends, I have grievous news!" His booming voice was horrible to listen to for the damaged teenagers. "I cannot go to the festival this weekend. My brother got us both grounded with his horrible ways and his filthy lies."
The engineer crosses his arms to hide his shaking hands, gives a brief nod, and bails.
A large hand reached down and grasped the leather handle. Everyone saw Steve give a small tug and smirk before lifting the hammer up with ease.
The god smiles sheepishly. "Well, my friends, this is Mjölnir, I had merely asked her to allow you all to lift her, except for our friend Tony."
Tony Stark was still alive and still designing technology. Oh, and he was also cursed. Obviously.
"Goodnight Tony."
"No! Steve... I swear... I would never..." Tony's pleads fell on silent ears while the Captain kept pushing Tony into their shared room.
And he had an asshole father. His father was in jail. But the skin on Clint his arms and back still wore the evidence of his youth.
So this was it.
It had to be. Because Tony couldn't let that stupid spark of hope grow.
Tony might be freaking out a little. Just a little though.
So maybe the blond couldn't follow his dreams, but he could still work hard. And so it wasn't long before he got promoted.
When he flew into that portal all he could think of was his son losing another parent. He tried to call Pepper, ask her to please take care of Peter. She didn't answer her phone. Tony took a deep breath and prepared to die.
The doors close and Bruce sighs, hoping those two can still work things out.
"It's about- well-" Tony scratched through the long fur on his neck and sighed. "You've clearly caught on to my, well, bad days? And I wanted to explain it. And apologise."
__________________________________________________________________
Bruce walked over as well and brushed his fingers along Steve's name welded into the fuel tank. "This must have taken him weeks to finish." The brunette mumbled before looking at Steve with piercing brown eyes.
Thor looked heartbroken as he put an arm around her shoulder to try and comfort her. "I am so sorry lady Potts, the love of a friend or relative will not release the curse. Only the truest of love can prevail."
Tony looks up and catches Steve's gaze. They both screwed up. He should have told Steve what he was doing and not just lock away. And Steve probably shouldn't have expected the worst and just come over anyway. But after all, Steve came as soon as he found out Tony needed him.
Thor who by now would have told Odin about everything. Thor who would never support him anymore.
"Hey guys, Nat, Legolas." The engineer wore his usual smirk and sunglasses, the ones he usually only used for press conferences. He spread his arms and welcomed them in their new home.
So I hope you like this, cause you'll be stuck with it a bit longer ;)
He had to drag himself up from the chair to grab a pot, biting his lip to silence a pained whimper, but otherwise everything went rather well. The small burn on his palm from the hot water hitting his skin while draining the pasta was barely anything.
It was then that Coulson spoke up. "Would you take your sunglasses off?" He asked with a tone that stated it was a request, not an order.
Steve's new bike had been picked up a few hours ago and would arrive just in time for him to find on Christmas morning.
Natasha easily heard the order in the blonde his voice and kept her eyes trained on Tony's expression. The engineer swallowed thickly and nodded, hands shaking slightly as he put the bag of fruit he was eating away. "Goodnight Natasha."
"I care for you Tony. We all do." Steve whispers back, revelling in the soft warmth of the brunette. "It was a prank. Clint and Thor faked the hammer. No one can lift it. Aside from Thor. You're not unworthy Tony. It's the opposite really, you're a good man."
Whenever Steve got called away, Tony awkwardly kept Bucky company. It became less awkward over time, when they talked about more than their common closeness to Steve.
Sadly, Loki didn't know that yet. "Oh... No, he can h-have it. I'm f-fine." The dark haired student stuttered before biting his bottom lip and pushing the pizza back with a shaking hand. He didn't want Clint to hate him. Who knew what the archer would do to him for stealing his food? He'd rather not find out...
Tony sighed and rested a hand over his cold heart. What a selfish beast he was.
Coulson didn't say anything, but parked the wheelchair next to his car. While he fumbled around for his keys, he saw Loki standing up on shaking legs. The student almost fell down when his right ankle twisted again, luckily Phil catched him. "Hey hey hey, you heard miss Potts, you're not allowed to walk yet." The councillor said a little confused, why was Loki trying to stand up already?
, said dryly.
Tony sank down on his chair and buried his face in his claws. He was a monster. He would die alone, just as he deserved. And Steve would be able to live a happy life without mourning him.
Next to him was a boy with brown messy hair and a smug grin, he was telling funny stories to make his friends laugh, and flirt with his boyfriend. The stories were mostly about things he did while drunk before meeting his friends. He was filthy rich and his name was Anthony Edward Stark.
"Do you think you'd come to the same conclusion had this happened today?"
Clint doesn't hear the hard edge to Tony's voice and doesn't look at him while answering. "Well, not exactly. But close enough. The kid spends half his days in the workshop. Not exactly a normal six year old." He snorts. The archer suddenly yelps in surprise when Natasha pinches his side sharply. "What?" The blond snaps, looking at Tony at Natasha's glare.
Steve and Bucky were both sitting on the couch in Tony's penthouse, facing each other and talking. Bucky had a hand resting on Steve's knee for comfort.
Loki couldn't believe how his life had changed so quickly.
__________________________________________________________________
Steve just rolled his eyes and stretched out with a groan. How long had he been sitting still?
Hope you liked it :)
It was silent around him, no one was moving. Tony just stared at the hammer, mind blank.
Neither Tony nor Peter were used to living with a bunch of people, but they quickly got used to it. Or at least Peter did. The kid loved spending time with the most dangerous people on this damn planet because why not? The six year old played with Natasha's hair, rode around on Clint's back, had Thor throw him in the air, dragged Steve to the table to draw together, and poked Bruce just as much as his dad did.
__________________________________________________________________
A few silent tears mixed with the water on his face and his lip bled slightly from where he had been biting it so roughly, fighting to keep silent.
With his hands held once more, Tony fell into a dreamless sleep.
The nurse came into action after neatly cataloguing every injury, and set to making Loki as comfortable as she could. She started with putting his ankles into tight supportive bandages, he wouldn't be allowed to walk for a few days, until the swelling went down far enough so she could make proper x-rays and see what the bone was like.
Thor is told of what truly happened in that basement. How will he respond?
Bruce just puts his tea down and raises an eyebrow at the pouting genius, and he was pouting no matter what he claimed. "Tony, did it ever occur to you that the man needs some time to process that one of his friends and one of his colleagues are the same person?"
"Are you- Are you free tonight?" Steve asks, straight to the point.
If he would find this essay, he would kill me. I'm certain. I should rewrite it like a normal day. From a normal person, not a freak like me.
But the councillor simply grabbed the wheelchair from the trunk and unfolded it. Opened the door for Loki, and carefully helped him move. Coulson pushed the chair inside the house and smiled softly at the feeling of coming home.
With a frustrated sound, Steve sat down against the wall and waited. Whoever held him captive would eventually show their face. And then he would get some answers.
"Wow, Steve, calm down. I'm not mad." Tony quickly says, holding up his hands in the universal sign of surrender.
"I know you're working on a new project. You can show me later alright. Look, Tony, I know you're busy, but I want to celebrate the holidays." There was a pause and a sigh. "I'm not coming to Malibu. I'm staying in New York with the team for Christmas. We can talk later alright? I have to go help Bruce make dinner."
"It's about Peter."
Tony looked horrible. His breathing was quick and shallow, his fur was wet with sweat. The gem in his chest was barely emitting any light, and soft pained moans escaped him.
Tony sat at a corner of the breakfast table. Steve would return in a small hour. He was nervous.
"You're... You're not?" The Captain asks shocked.
bed, waiting for Steve to come up, it dawned on him.
The Avengers had been through so much more.
Also, kudos to anyone catching the doctor who reference ;)
He didn't want to celebrate it without Steve anyway.
Oh. Seems like Bruce was right after all.
"Show me." Tony whispered softly.
"Oh..." Tony muttered but didn't regret his choice. He wanted Steve and Bucky to be happy. That would be easier if both were in good health.
Tony seemed almost shy as he peaked around the corner. When he saw Steve he froze, and so the blond gave a soft smile, not wanting to startle the cursed man.
Once he came up he knew he would be alone, the others would have left ages ago. So until he went up, he could pretend they were still there. It was kind of like Schrödinger's Cat. As long as he didn't go upstairs his ex teammates were and weren't there at the same time.
So he locked himself in his workshop and closed off contact with the outside world.
A lifetime together.
A noise made Tony startle bad enough to almost have him fall off the couch.
The next weeks were chaotic, and strange, and amazing.
The lack of cheesy nickname threw Steve off, but he simply sat down and waited patiently, it was probably just a bad day, right?
Steve nodded and followed her out of her office and into the elevator.
And he had an asshole father. It had been two years now since his father killed his mother. And the teenager was still trying to cope, living with his aunt and uncle, but his friends helped.
Steve had only stepped out for a few minutes to talk to Bucky, and when he got back, Tony was gone. Jarvis was under command not to tell them where he was unless there was an emergency, and all attempts at contact were blocked.
The door opened slowly to show a down dressed Phil. Instead of his usual suit he just wore a soft looking sweater and jeans. The man smiled softly and wished Loki a good morning before walking in carrying a plastic stool. A small frown appeared on his face as he took in Loki's wet hair. "You already showered?" He asked both worried and confused.
"Sir, I cannot recommend your involvement in this event. The oxygen levels in your blood are dangerously-"
He had tried, fought hard, but to no avail.
The first thing Phil noticed was the terror in the boy's voice as soon as he spoke. But the second thing was the way he told the story. He didn't say someone hit him, probably a fater figure, because of disobedience. He specifically told the story as if he was to blame. So definitely mental abuse. "Do you think coming home late justifies getting a blue eye?" Phil asked calmly, not judging or expecting a certain answer, just patiently waiting for what Loki would say.
And she also had weekly meetings with Coulson.
Fucking great.
Natasha whispered to Clint that she saw those two growing closer by the second. Clint answered that he saw Bucky's eyes linger on Tony more often than not.
He almost got a panic attack at the thought of someone knowing that he was working. That he was smart.
Coulson nodded and got up. "That would be now, follow me." He wanted to get this done quickly. If it was up to him, Loki would never return to that house again.
Jarvis opened the door without delay and the slightly panicked soldier immediately headed for the master bedroom, hoping Tony actually made it to bed.
Maria Hill closed the door behind them and stood beside Loki, she would make sure nothing happened to him.
Phil accepted Loki's silence and quickly wrote down his number. After assuring Loki knew where the phone was, and telling him to call when anything happened, Coulson left.
7:45 - driving to school
The engineer silently curls up against Steve's chest and let's himself be held, be comforted.
Said genius was quite out of it and the exhaustion compared with the alcohol in his system did not work great with the panic he felt building up. It took amazing effort to pull up his masks and grin. "I'll pass, really, I've tried before, it's just a hammer. With magic. It's bullshit anyway."
Softly opening the door to the bedroom, Steve stuck his head inside and almost sighed with relief when he found his boyfriend spread out on the bed.
The others nodded and Phil rested a soft hand on Loki's shoulder.
And so aside from making Tony sign things and leaving food everywhere, Steve now made Tony nap if he hadn't slept.
Tony sits up and crosses his arms to automatically cover up the arc reactor. "People like Steve don't have Tumblr pages Bruce. He's Captain America. We're besties, he even shows me his art, so why hide his page? He's acting suspicious and I don't like it."
Only this time it was different. Bruce pointed just as Thor stopped walking and turned around to his brother. The younger one, his name was something with an L... Liam? Lary?, he shrunk in on himself and kept his eyes firmly down on the floor.
Just as Tony ordered, Steve didn't show his face again.
Curious and a little worried, Bruce got out of his chair and slowly walked towards the sound. He stuck his head carefully around another bookcase, and there it was...
The rhythmic click of high heels on a hard wooden floor could be heard throughout the common area. Natasha smirked, Steve sighed in relief, Bruce smiled just a little, and Clint and Thor both froze.
Because even Steve, who was often teased by his lack of knowledge on pop culture and gossip, knew who Tony Stark was. Everyone knew the story of how he returned from Afghanistan and shut down the weapon branch of Stark Industries, how he disappeared after his tower was completed and never was seen by anyone ever again. And yet, designs kept coming. Patents kept appearing. Someone in SI was still creating mind blowing tech under at least a dozen different names.
As he walked through the halls towards his class that would start in fifteen minutes, he saw Bruce and his friends. He almost said hello, but then he saw Thor, so he quickly turned his gaze to the floor, clutched his bag close, and walked past as quietly as possible.
Vision had spent a while traveling the world to gain experience as he explained it himself, and returned a few days after the others.
23:58 - the end
6:45 - making breakfast
Bruce smiles and nods. "All ready." He answers before briefly glaring at Tony. "Talk to Steve or I will." His eyes soften for a moment and he looks intensely at his smaller friend. "He doesn't hate you Tony. And he isn't going to kick you off the team."
Over all, it was a good night. The bed was soft and didn't agitate his injuries as much, the sheets and new pyjamas kept him nice and warm, and the curtains left the room nice and dark...
"Now, firstly I must remind you once again that the identity of your boss is to remain a secret. If this leaks, the company will make sure your life is ruined. Is that understood?" There was a hint of venom in her voice, but Steve mostly noticed the protective shine in her eyes. She must care for this person or she wouldn't be so passionate about protecting his identity.
For a brief second the terror won and he sent a pleading look to Natasha, eyes filled with a mixture of fear and hope. His teammates would have to notice right?
"Thank you for telling me that." Steve says before blushing even darker. "I understand. And I- I think you deserve an explanation. For why I've
I couldn't get the ending to work.
Of course the stubborn blond would never show it. He just got up and dumped the food he brought on Tony's desk. "I'll come back tomorrow when you're not acting like a di-"
Steve was about as red as a tomato while Tony stared with wide eyes at a very surprising Tumblr page.
), they were lead by a sorcerer. And while he was defeated, he cursed Tony during their fight. No one quite knew what the curse did until Tony suddenly woke up looking like he did.
After a while, a routine started again. Steve would spend his day working for SHIELD and spending time with Bucky when he returned. In the evening he would drag Tony out of hie workshop and the two would disappear behind locked doors.
"What the heck was that?" The captain asks angrily, glaring at Clint.
12:00 - lunch
Once back to just the two of them, Phil kneeled before Loki's wheelchair and gently rubbed a hand along his shoulders. "Loki, it's alright, you're safe. No one will hurt you. Nick and Maria will try to talk some sense into Thor, but he won't get close to you. You're safe Loki. Safe." Phil repeated over and over again until slowly the silent tears stopped, and Loki relaxed enough to sit up a little.
He should have kept his distance from Steve, but it was hard when he would swoon at just a look of those blue eyes.
Just as he started fidgeting and opened his mouth to make an excuse to leave, Thor walked in with a huge grin holding his hammer up.
"Loki, I want to believe every word on that paper. But I have to ask you to meet with someone else before I can help you. The school nurse, her name is miss Potts, she will give you a full physical rapport. We can use that to get you safe." Phil explained to the terrified looking teenager. "She will make sure whatever injuries you have are treated, and she might make a few pictures for documentation. Nothing will be shared without your permission. Would you do that?"
"Office 12-01, V. Potts." Steve read out loud as he stood outside the massive SI tower. He had a meeting with his new boss in half an hour, and all he had was a note with a name and an office number.
"If I may, the Captain often threatened to harm you if Sir were to leave, sergeant Barnes."
7:30 - making lunch
She had just left the room to get some more coffee downstairs, but really she needed a small break to pull herself together.
Here's another chapter since I posted late last time.
Thor was a blond football jock, with less braincells than a goldfish. He and Steve used to hang out when they still both played the same sport. And even though Steve didn't actually like Thor, he was too kind to tell him that. Besides, Thor was so clueless he didn't notice the hints everyone dropped.
When he pulls back, Bucky is grinning happily, and Steve is looking a little less shocked.
Jarvis had explained it to the best of his abilities. (And wasn't that another weird thing? Since when did computer programs have conversations?) When aliens attacked New York a few years ago, (seriously, aliens, what the
Bucky returned.
Steve got up and shook Pepper's hand, a stubborn look on his face. "Then I'll see you tomorrow ma'am."
"You know, I can actually walk."
There was silence until a soft "alright daddy" was heard. Tony felt horrible, but knew this was better than the alternative.
By the time a year passed, and Ultron had long been defeated, it was a well hidden secret that Captain America and Iron Man were dating.
The two looked at each other. Tony grinned. Steve smiled and held open his arms for Tony to lean into.
"Nah, I'm good. It's yours. We're all full." Clint said casually as he leaned back in his chair and rested a hand on his full stomach.
The winter soldier.
A plan had been formed. Natasha was sitting in the kitchen, sipping from a mug while reading some files.
It took years for everything to be settled completely, but Peter was his. And so Tony Stark did what no one thought he could do; he changed.
Thor shows his grades, proudly. I don't know why he's proud, he's barely passing. And now I had to show my grades as well.
"I- I can't tell you. Classified." Steve muttered still in shock. How was this his life? How did he end up working for one of the smartest and richest men on the planet?
Barnes was alive.
And that answer made Bruce's heart clench. Because it was exactly what he had told teachers a thousand times. Walked against a door, fell down the stairs, had a bicycle accident... While in reality they were hands, fists, feet, knees, and every tool within reach.
Steve walked in with some wrapped sandwiches and a few bottles of soda.
Just as Loki turned his wheelchair around and wanted to roll out of the kitchen, Phil walked in with boxes of pizza piled together.
Steve grabbed Tony's shoulders and shook him lightly. "No! Don't die!! You can't- no!! I love you! Don't leave me..." Steve let go of the tears he had been pushing down and cried. He cried and cried while laying on Tony's chest, sobbing over the love he felt hurting his heart.
"Miss Potts. May I speak with you for a minute?" Ever so polite, even though he didn't really wait for her answer but just joined her in the elevator.
It isn't until Tony scrolls down further that he finds the armour in a lot more... Ehm...
And indeed, a blond head with pleading blue eyes popped around the door opening and smiles. "Hey Tony, we haven't seen you for ages. Come on, join us for movie night?"
I make lunch for Thor for at school. And for myself of course.
Once downstairs and in the wheelchair things seemed to settle down. The two had breakfast together and sat down to watch a few movies while Phil did some paperwork and made some calls. Someone had to go pick up Loki's stuff from that house and make pictures of the living conditions. Luckily Hill had a connection at the nearby police unit. Sitwell would take care of it. With enough evidence to sue, Loki could be safe.
Tony emptied the bottle with a few sips and sighed content at the light buzz the alcohol gave him.
? You didn't push him into a freezing shower until he was panicking hard? You didn't slap him when he wouldn't listen or fucking
"Hospital regulations Sir." The nurse said calmly as she pushed him to the entrance.
Said genius is tense as fuck. He's clutching the popcorn bowl like a lifeline, eyes glazed over, clearly somewhere else. "Stark?" Hawkeye asks confused while Steve carefully rests a hand on Tony's knee.
After a moment's hesitation, Tony nodded. And so Steve headed to the kitchen to make them both some coffee. Tony gingerly sat down at the breakfast bar and immediately appeared a bit more at ease. Steve was glad the more familiar room helped calm the man down a little.
Tony dragged himself from his chair where he had been sitting for the entire evening and headed for the stairs.
My favourite chapter in some ways, and the most angsty one so far, will be the next one. And I promise I won't wait as long with posting it.
They expected more fights? Maybe he was still missing something. Well, if Steve even considered taking him back, he wouldn't argue again of course. Tony would just have to agree with everything.
(See the end of the chapter for
"So what did you want to talk about Sir?" Steve asked politely, making Tony pull a face and sigh.
"Don't worry, he can't fire you. Only I can. If he starts rambling about firing you, or me for that matter, just call me and I'll take care of it."
Steve Rogers had once promised his dying mother to work hard and follow his dreams. And even though he was a man of his word, he was struggling to make his promise a reality.
Every evening at exactly six, Steve would show up at his workshop and smile that charming smile of his, asking sweetly for Tony to join the team for dinner. Of course Tony couldn't say no to
(See the end of the chapter for
With that, Tony followed the Captain similar to the moment so many weeks ago. It all felt so wrong.
Right there underneath the beautiful green tree was a massive pile of presents in all sorts and sizes. But what really drew the attention was the shining motorbike standing besides it, there was even a red bow on top.
He didn't get why they pretended to forgive him so easily. Forgiveness was earned, and Tony certainly hadn't earned shit.
This only confused Steve more. He didn't mind being a glorified babysitter to a weird, sick, workaholic genius, but he could hardly see himself force his boss to do anything. It was his
Bruce and Loki's first date?
He was walking towards the library, in the hall there was a fireplace. But right before he got there, he ran into Clint. Quite literally.
all that and when I found out you were actually
Bucky kept whispering soft words to calm the trembling engineer. Kind reassurances. Shy promises. "You're perfect Tony. And I'll never let anyone say otherwise ever again."
"Daddy?"
"You know you're daily schedule Stark. You work to make sure you're finished when I get home. And your pathetic ass is up here right after dinner. Bucky is
that's not what I meant! I mean, no you are a hero Tony. Don't say that stuff about yourself. You're- You're a good man."
A minute later the beast was sitting on the couch while Steve carefully wrapped his hand after disinfecting it. That had been interesting since Tony had actually growled at him and the PA had just raised an unimpressed eyebrow.
"You sure? I've seen you flirting with Bucky. You're trying to steal him away from me."
"Please don't shut me out again." The Captain whispered softly.
Steve didn't mind the long commute from Brooklyn to Manhatten. He got paid really well and his travel expenses were covered fully. So he had to get up earlier got home later, but he never had to worry about paying rent. Even better, he could take some of the worry off of Bucky's shoulders.
Tony missed spending as much time with Peter. Missed showing him new things and teaching him everything the kid wished to know. He hated this. But this wasn't about him.
With him living in the tower during the week, the blond tended to stay longer. He would make sure Tony ate dinner as well, even join him sometimes. They would talk about things other than work. Like Steve's art and his friends, or Tony's robots and the other Avengers. It even eased Tony's instincts to have Steve living in the tower, where Tony knew it was safe.
There was a small voice in the back of his mind nagging that Coulson was different, that he would just get food. He quickly pushed the spark of pathetic hope away.
Tony's behaviour remained odd, though Clint never saw him alone in the common room again.
Even the bots seemed less energetic than usual.
Well shit. Let's just add mommy issues to the list of shit going wrong today. "Don't worry about it big guy, you found the cure now right? Better late than never and all that."
Tony's face fell slightly and he stared at the mug in his hands. "Yeah, they've been working on it for years now. I doubt anything will pop up soon. Guess I'll be stuck with furballs for a while longer." The genius jokes bitterly, making Steve grimace.
Will Phil be able to help? Or is Loki left alone to fight his own battles?
22:22 - Odin
She heard Steve gasp softly next to her. "Oh... So he-"
Today was another bad day, so Steve was sitting in the living room, reading through some emails to fill the hours before dinner. He had just sneaked some blueberries into the workshop, leaving little bags all over the place, and left the tormented man to his own devices.
The Quinjet finally landed with the Avengers bursting out before it even hit ground. Tony's heart froze for a second as he watched Steve and Bucky run out together but he quickly snapped out of it and went back to shooting at metal.
Loki nodded softly. "I can t-try." He added in a whisper. Phil smiled a little. "Then that's settled, I know I said we should meet tomorrow, but how about you write your essay about tomorrow, and we will meet the day after. You can just drop by whenever you have time."
He should have checked.
Tony snapped out of his thoughts too late. Clint was falling off a building that the swarm of birds had attacked and Iron Man was too late!
It worked pretty damn good. Maybe a bit too good...
It was something he was used to, comfortable with even. It didn't matter to him, he didn't care.
Steve takes a step forward until their chests are almost touching and gently cups Tony's face between those large hands. Despite his insane strength he is holding Tony so gently it makes the genius smile.
"Oh hell no. This isn't your fault. And I won't let you take the blame. I liked you spending time in the workshop. Like a lot. Those moments were all that got me through the day. And it was already happening Bucky. For months at least. There was nothing anyone could have done to stop it. I just messed up. That's all."
Hawkeye needed medical attention asap.
"I cut my hand", Tony mumbled as he stepped aside so Steve could grab the kit.
Steve walked over and looked at the card attached. "From Tony, to Steve." Was all it said in Tony's messy scrawl.
They're watching television now. I've moved to the bed, I can't listen to them laugh and enjoy themselves any longer. Besides, Thor was just telling father about his friends taking an interest in me. That can't be good.
Loki pushed himself towards the livingroom and looked in awe at the plate he gotten. It was loaded with food. Even more food than Loki would get when there were guests over which forced Odin to feed Loki. This was incredible.
"Tadaa, please keep the screaming to a minimum, you'll scare the bots." The beast- no,
Nothing.
Clint nodded in agreement and vouched to spy around a bit more. He was still an agent after all. Spying was basically his job description.
Loki actually whimpered this time, curling up tightly and shaking in terror. He didn't want to go home. He didn't want to face Odin. He wouldn't survive. Or worse, he would survive only to be tormented another day.
Finally on the far left, was another blond. A guy with muscular arms and a bow slung over his shoulder. He grinned at the jokes, made crude comments to try and make Steve blush, and threw everything within hand reach against Tony's head. His name was Clinton Francis Barton.
"Stevie, stop beating your knuckles bloodily and take a few deep breaths." Barnes tried to calm the Captain for what felt like the hundredth time. "Why don't we ask Jarvis for some footage? Maybe we can figure out why he left."
Tony was so not giving Clint a lightsaber.
Tony and Bruce got paired together with science. Since both were geniuses, they got four patents and two dozen working contracts out of the project. Bruce got into school with an academic scholarship, and Tony decided they were to become friends now. Issues be dammed.
That's when he noticed the pain in those dark brown eyes. Guilt and agony. Even as Steve left, breathing heavy and hands trembling, he couldn't forget those eyes.
But this made the pieces fit together. The son by blood was treated like gold, got whatever he wanted, and the younger adopted child was abused. "The one who executes the punishments, does he live there as well?" The question made sure Loki wouldn't have to give a name while still letting him know if his home situation was safe or not.
At Steve's shocked expression she quickly elaborated. "He's a genius but often forgets to eat or sleep. You have full permission to drag him out of his workshop and shove some Chinese food down his throat."
"Forty-seven to be exact, sir." Jarvis intercepted with his usual sass.
"Hey, who said anything about afford? Obviously we won't make you pay for it. Jarvis? Get one of the empty apartments cleaned and ready for Stevie." Tony grinned at Steve's shocked face before turning back to look at his work. "Don't worry, we'll still cover your train costs going home for the weekend."
Alright, so maybe he was starving, exhausted, and drunk... who cares.
Steve's eyes widened as puzzle pieces
"Yes Sir, there are currently two homes for sale, including the penthouse."
Loki had to give it to Coulson, he was quick with setting plans to motion.
The only reason he got late was because Thor had sneaked out of school to go see a movie with his wrestling buddies, forgetting he was suppose to give Loki a ride home. It was okay, it happened more often, but he couldn't run as fast as usual with his ankles both sprained. So was it justified? He truly was late, and so he had disobeyed.
Bucky rested a hand on Tony's, stilling his movements and looking into those gorgeous brown eyes. "Because you're worth it Tony."
Finally sleep took him and captured him into a dreamless void where he could only drift.
"When I told you to go, I meant from the room at that moment. I needed a bit of time to think and get my thoughts straight. I had to separate my view as your Captain from my emotions as your boyfriend. Next thing I know you've locked yourself away and Jarvis won't let me in."
But the day he claimed Steve would never fall for someone like him, was one of those times.
They sat like that for a while.
This is it. I can't believe it. It was amazing to write and a lot of fun.
Tony Stark had truly changed in that one year.
It turned out that "somewhere safe" was Coulson's own home. It would only be temporary. Until they found him another place to stay.
"Hey." He whispered when Tony sat down next to him. "I-"
Tony didn't know what to say or what to think. So he simply said "I was only gone a week."
Tony had come to terms with not being number one a long time ago. Still, realising the only number one he filled was for his own creation... It hurt. A wonderful reminder that he truly was not useful.
The Captain's eyes widened, he almost choked on a pained noise, and gently took Tony's hand in his. "Tony... I love you so much... I always will... And I am so sorry I haven't made that more clear lately. I... I wanted... I didn't want anyone to get hurt. Because I love you both
He stepped forward, brushing a hand through Tony's hair, smiling sadly when he leant into his hand. After a moment of tense silence, Steve leaned down and kissed his forehead. He couldn't exactly kiss around those fangs, so he hoped this would do.
Tony huffs and grins broadly. "Well obviously. He's a little genius squirt."
Loki was looking at his own arm with hollow eyes. "I don't have cigarette burns. He doesn't smoke." Was all he whispered.
Tony ended with a grin so fake it almost hurt to look at.
Stark brushes it off, willing himself to calm the fuck down. "I'm fine. I don't know what you're talking about HawkAss, Peter isn't raised like I was
After his father was arrested, he and his mother lived a pretty peaceful life. Only the boy thought he needed physical pain whenever he made a mistake. The perfectly straight lines on his wrists were evidence of that. Luckily he got his friends, and help. And just last month they celebrated a year cutting free. It was a huge party, courtesy of Tony as usual.
As soon as Thor finished his rant, he turned around and walked towards the college building. Everyone knew he was coming their way. But they were watching Loki far down. The raven haired boy was still standing in exactly the same position.
And so he just sat and allowed his body to rest for a moment, keeping an eye on the clock.
Telling a group of people abused by their fathers that father's words were always the truth... Not a good idea.
I sometimes wish I wouldn't have to make breakfast every morning, but everyone has chores they don't like. Some people have to put the garbage out and some people have to vacuum, I don't have to do that. That's the maid her thing.
Tony never even had a single doubt. If he could save Bucky by taking the fall, he would. The two people he loved would both be happy and together.
I got late, I tried running, but my ankles still hurt too much. I misstepped, and now the right one is swollen some more.
"No!!" Tony got up and made himself look as large and intimidating as possible. If Steve came back tomorrow, he wouldn't be able to stop himself from begging for forgiveness. "I want you to get out. I never want to see you again. You have until the end of the month to pack your stuff, now leave!!" Tony actually growled hard enough to make Steve flinch.
"Yes, two seats. And two people. A perfect fit." Phil said before helping Loki in without any further argument. Loki didn't dare. Coulson would find out about how horrible he was soon enough, and until then the student would take whatever kindness he could get.
That morning Loki had woken with the soft sun shining on his face, and he woke better rested that he could ever remember being. He stretched out with a soft whimper, his injuries throbbing lightly.
"J? Do we still owe that apartment complex in Brooklyn?" He asked with a voice rough from disuse.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony had left.
"What did he do?" Steve asked more out of curiosity than politeness.
Phil had an idea, it was obviously hard to talk for this boy, it was probably beaten out of him. But there were other ways to find out what was happening exactly. "Alright, I am going to give you an assignment for today. Then I want you to come see me again tomorrow, and we will discuss it." He suggested and continued after receiving another small nod. "I want you to write a short essay, about your day. Write down as much detail from waking up to falling asleep, describe environments, situations, and try to write down how you feel at each turn of events. Is that something you could do?" Coulson asked calmly.
This essay is about a day in my life.
They walked to a bright and clean office at the east wing, Loki still curled in on himself as much as possible.
My grades are very bad, and it makes me feel horrible just to look at the paper. But I don't have a choice.
"I had to hand in my hours to miss Potts," Steve said to break through the silence. At Tony's questioning look he elaborated, "that's why I'm still here. I came to check up on you before going home. I'm glad I did."
"Yes ma'am, I understand. I won't tell a soul I promise." And he meant it. Whoever this was, they must have a good reason to keep hidden, and Steve was hardly one to judge.
After a week of being locked away in his workshop and creating a full plan of attack, Tony finally got out.
"Really? So that's why you're arms are a battlefield? Bruce told us." Clint explains at Loki's shocked face. He looks through the papers, planning to simply look at the amount of tekst. "Wow, you surely wrote a lot..." His voice trailed off as be catched a few words. Before he knew it he was reading a few sentences. And they made him sick. This was horrible. And the kid was planning on keeping quiet.
The blond cut himself off at Tony's mildly amused sceptical look and huffed. "You're right, I don't understand. But it's fine really, everyone has bad days sometimes." Like Bucky, who would refuse to get out of bed on Bad Days. Or Natasha, who went to the shooting range. Or Steve himself, who would sketch until his fingers cramped.
This woman looked at the scared student with interest and a hint of worry. His mother never looked him in his eyes. He knew that she was well aware of what happened down in his room, but she just ignored him. He wasn't worth her attention. And this strange woman looked at him as if he was.
"My friends! I have brought you a challenge!"
Maybe... Maybe this could work out.
"Son of iron, do not change the subject. I found my brother and he confessed the nature of your curse." The alien prince was pointing at Tony with his hammer and honestly, Tony was tense as fuck.
"No please Bucky. This isn't your fault. I could have gotten out. He would have let me go." Tony whispers pained. "I just couldn't."
Steve sighed and made Tony sit down, looking at him with warm blue eyes. "Tony, the kid loves you, adores you. You're his hero. Literally and figuratively." The Captain says softly before falling silent again with a thoughtful look on his face. "This... This isn't about that movie night a few weeks ago is it?" The blond asked carefully.
After making some x-rays, it became obvious the boy had many untreated broken bones. It was a miracle he was still able to use his arms with all the injuries on and in them. And another gasp escaped her when she saw his ankles. They were big swollen and dark blue, obviously cracked and untreated. How the boy could walk despite the pain he must feel was a mystery.
Bruce closed his eyes briefly, it became harder and harder to contain the anger. "Bullshit." He muttered. "There's always another way." His eyes flew open when Loki let out a humourless dark laugh.
The scientist gets up just as the elevator dings to announce Natasha stepping out. Bruce, knowing the spy, smirks at the very convenient timing. "Ready to go?" The redhead asks while trying just a little too hard to appear innocent.
For years he designed weapons and not once did he bother to check if things were being handled decently. Oh no, he made bombs that could take out entire cities, and he didn't care where they went. He blindly assumed the "right" people were buying, never doubting his right hand man.
Just as he stumbled into the kitchen, hunting for some coffee, he heard the team talking and laughing in the livingroom.
And so, the next day, Steve packed his lunch, wished his roommate and best friend a good day, and left for his new job.
It had been chaos at first; press constantly standing outside Stark tower hoping to catch a glimpse of the genius, but their efforts were wasted. One day Tony had cut off half of SI's contracts and signed new ones covering clean energy and commercial technology, and the next day he was gone.
At first sight, one would never guess they were friends. They looked completely different, and they were. But it worked, somehow.
Hope you liked it :) please leave a comment below to show your support, and feedback is always welcome :*
Tony doesn't meet anyone's eyes, his thoughts running again, and not even remotely in the right direction.
Before him stood... well... a
Miss Potts did not seem surprised when Steve walked into her office at nine o'clock sharp with the contracts already signed. She simply smiled and had a copy made of the signed papers, handing Steve the copy and keeping the original for the company.
Technically they could easily have Odin arrested, but that would mean that Loki had to give a testimony. And Phil wouldn't ask that of him yet. Healing first, everything else could wait.
Only Loki had to be so horrible that he had required punishment.
He quickly grabbed a hot mug full and attempted to go back to the elevator unseen. He could just hide back in the workshop and-
"No you may not. All the gifts J. And add some merry Christmas cards or something."
"Hey J? Where are the misfits at?"
Steve swallowed thickly and kept walking, stopping again in the livingroom to take in the beautiful decorations and giant Christmas tree barren of any presents. Dammit.
Natasha hummed softly while looking at her hand of useless cards. "All in." She muttered before pushing her remaining pile of candy to the middle. "And, we shouldn't interfere. He has done so much for us. He deserves.his privacy. Besides, he has Steve to help him."
For everyone who followed this chapter by chapter, I added edits to the chapters so scroll by and take a look, they're pretty awesome ;)
"Steve?" Tony interrupted softly and swallowed thickly. "Please let me apologise first? I know you have no reason to forgive me, but I promise to follow your orders next time and not fly off on my own. I've done a lot of thinking over the last week and realised what a horrible boyfriend I've been. I'm so sorry. But I can change. I promise, I'll change. I've thrown away the alcohol in the workshop and I've already made an appointment with a psychiatrist. Just please give me another chance? Please Stevie, Steve, sorry. Whatever you want I'll do it I just-
Tony slumped back in his chair, the bottle falling to the floor as he simply didn't have the energy to hold it anymore.
It was only a matter of days now, and he had postponed things for too long. It was just so easy to fall into a comfortable routine with Steve.
I always make my homework at school. Then I have the time to do it properly. I hide it in my locker, and I don't always hand it in. Not when there is a chance on extra credit. I cannot afford to up my grades.
Bucky looked from one spy to the other and frowns. "You already know?" He asks suspiciously.
It was the first Christmas that Tony and Steve would celebrate together. As a couple.
The corner of Natasha's mouth twitched, which was basically her way of smiling, and Clint just rolled his eyes amused.
Still, Steve didn't let out a bit of tension until he actually saw the door slide open after Pepper entered her code.
Phil smiled fondly. Friday afternoon had become the weekly moment for his students to drop by for what was suppose to be group therapy. Everyone of the weird little group would drop by when they wanted, a place to laugh and have fun. If they weren't at Phil's, they mostly hang at Tony's place, since his parents were never there anyway. Hell, Bruce practically lived there, and Steve was there whenever he didn't have to help his mom. And Howard Stark had never even met Tony's friends yet.
His back was next. The fresh welts could easily be cleaned, the older ones were already infected. His entire back was covered in a soothing ointment that would take the edge off the pain.
Laughter follows him, and this time when Steve calls his name, he keeps walking.
"...disgusting. It's all your fault Loki. You're only trouble, father never should have taken you in. Useless, and now you're ruining my weekend. You can walk home. I don't want to see your worthless face again today."
With his car stocked and the delicious scent of fresh Indian food filling the small space, Phil quickly drove home.
The student had been nervous about the principal being here, convinced that Fury would never believe anything. It was quite the opposite actually. Nick had only read the essay, looked at the report from Pepper, and nodded.
"There isn't. Who would want someone like me as their kid? And now I'm eighteen, I have nowhere to go. And I should be grateful for what I have. Thor was right, I cannot do a sport, and my grades..." He looked even more tense at that. "My grades are horrible. Without f-father his s-support I couldn't get a d-degree." The shaking had returned, worse than before, and Loki curled up in himself even tighter.
As Natasha narrowed her eyes at Clint's oddly enthusiastic response, Thor grinned back and started explaining.
At first, Steve didn't know what to do. Over time he learnt it was best to go into the workshop silently, leave food everywhere, and leave again. Because the first time Steve walked in on a bad day was not a pleasant memory...
Peter.
Then there was Bruce who kept asking him questions about projects, and Natasha who was teaching him sparring. It was... really weird.
Tony became Iron Man and had Peter stay with his Great-aunty Peggy in England for a while during the massive alien invasion. They skyped every day, but it wasn't the same. Tony missed his little boy.
Well that was unexpected.
The blond just looked at him for a second, to the floor covered in drips of blood, and back to him.
I try not to eat too fast, because it upsets my stomach.
He looked happy.
"Heya Stevie." The voice was almost the same, just a bit higher and less slurred around the huge fangs.
Suddenly feeling like a bucket of ice cold water got dumped on his head, Tony tugged a little harder this time before quickly letting go.
Time flew by as he wrote equations and solved the extra content with ease. His notebook was almost full. He would have to ask Thor to- oh... Yes...
Well shit.
to him. You're only upset that he has a secret he won't share. Now if you'll excuse me, I'm meeting Natasha for lunch."
"Look Steve, it's alright, you don't always have to hang around your boyfriend. You can live your own life." Clint said as he chopped some vegetables.
"Discovered," Tony corrected with a grin, brown eyes amused as he finally saw Steve in a state other than perfectly composed. "Is that coffee for me?"
Tony had already sat him down and explained that the workshop was dangerous. That Peter shouldn't be there and that daddy had been a little stupid before. Safe to say Peter didn't take it too well.
It wasn't his lack of intelligence perse, but more the way he moved and talked. You see, Thor was really big. A tall guy with broad shoulders and an equally big voice. Over all, whenever he talked it brought back bad memories from everyone around. And when he forgot to watch his words, he sometimes triggered panic attacks with the others.
Tony kept his distance, not wanting to interrupt, and both Nat and Clint realised they wouldn't find out anything while Steve and Tony were apart all the time.
Steve wanted to look for Bucky. And naturally Tony agreed, he offered all the help he could and enjoyed the very rare moments he had left with Steve.
Steve raised an eyebrow and crossed his arms defensively while facing Bucky's anger. "I don't know what he told you, but it really wasn't that bad. He had to be kept in line. Everyone knew it. I just did what no one else had the guts for. And I never raped him, we're in a relationship. You can't rape someone while in a relationship."
Pepper Potts was a skilled nurse.
Tony just stared with his mouth slightly open, half drugged and completely confused. "I had a higher chance of surviving... The suit-" he started but got interrupted by a soft voice coming from his other side.
Phil just nodded in understanding and looked at Loki. "Loki, my name is Phil Coulson. You may just call me Phil. I want you to know that everything you say within these walls, stays here. Your secrets will never be shared without your permission. Now, I believe mister Banner has classes to attend..." Phil glanced at Bruce with mocking stern eyes. "How about we have some tea and talk a little?"
More tears rolled down Tony's cheeks and he nodded softly.
Speaking of friends...
Steve's voice was heard in the distance, calling for Peter. "I have to go daddy, uncle Steve promised to help me build a spaceship." And with that, silence returned.
Mister Coulson had said he would be back before dinner. And so Loki would have to make sure dinner was ready by then. After all, Coulson could easily kick him out.
What was Steve still doing here? "I thought you went home already."
Banner left with a diet plan to gain some weight.
And as Steve continued to brush through his hair, Tony's eyes slowly closed.
Steve still wasn't sure how that happened.
By now, he could barely stand without support, he was stuck in his bedroom as the gem in his chest faded more with each passing minute.
"Dreams? What kind of dreams??" His voice was higher pitched than usual and his heart beat in his chest.
Tony took a shocked step back, blinking in surprise as he stared at Steve with wide startled eyes.
I wake up and quickly get showered. I always shower quickly so I leave enough hot water for the others.
"No. This is wrong. He hurt you. So much. Over me? Tony, no listen to me, don't interrupt. Please. If I hadn't spent so much time in the workshop, this might have never happened. If I had just..." James's voice trails off and Tony sits up, still holding onto the taller man, but straightening his spine.
All eyes turned to Tony who had to fight to keep his masks up. "Sure thing Cap."
15:00 - homework
"Tones... what happened to your face?" The archer asked worried as light hit Tony's face, showing a darkening bruise below his eye.
"He did." The Captain says fondly before crossing his arms and looking away. "Maybe he's just tired of this."
Maybe Bruce would stay for a bit, until he grew tired of Tony as well.
It took a long time before Tony got back to them. By then, Coulson had already shown up with a few agents to take Steve away. They would worry about him later. Tony was more important.
Maybe Tony should show Steve his own Tumblr page some day...
Tony clears his throat and shakes his head.
Steve took a step forward without thinking, his heart ached for this man he grew to love. It had long grown past a crush, he was only fooling himself. But he couldn't just- just kiss his boss?
Then his arms, the shallow straight cuts were cleaned carefully and covered with soft clean bandages. "I have to ask." She said softly. "Did you do these yourself?" Pepper hated the fact she had to ask, but she needed to know. There was visible moisture gathering in Loki's eyes, but he didn't let a single tear go. Finally, there was a soft shake of his head.
Now they all had one day a week to talk to Phil, and the invitation to walk in whenever they needed a safe place to vent. Natasha was dating Clint, Steve was dating Tony, and Bruce had full control of his anger issues.
Phil didn't lie, it did look good, the kid was a good cook. The reason why was rather bitter though.
"I shouldn't have told him." Tony mutters as expected.
He was too late though, the lab was on lockdown and none of Steve's override codes worked.
"But-"
It wasn't something Phil preferred when he had guests, but the wheelchair was too low to eat by the dining table.
A small sigh escapes the redhead and she purses her lips. "That, captain, is because Tony has the self-esteem of a doorknob. He wouldn't know friendship unless it hits him in the face. Which is what me and Rhodey did. Now, can anyone explain to me what happened and why Tony just filed his letter of resignation with Shield?"
Tony nodded and held both their hands, bringing them together in his lap. "I know Steve. And this is what I want. I thought... I saw you two together and knew you belonged together. If you'll have me, both of you, I would lose my title of genius by refusing." The genius took a few breath and rested a hand over the entwined ones on his lap. "Just promise me one thing, please tell me if you want me out. I need you to promise me that. I rather have you tell me than watch as you slowly distance from me,
Steve frowned lightly, this was pretty odd after all. However, he wasn't one to complain, and it was probably just some secret investor who needed a hand but didn't want anyone to know he existed. "Alright, then I would like to sign the agreement."
"That makes no sense. I love him. Rhodey loves him. Hell, that intern he emails with, Peter, probably loves him. How-" Pepper cut herself off with a sob, hands trembling with emotion.
And now he had Bucky.
Stark and Rogers entered arguing lightly about arriving on time. It had appeared Tony had insisted on finishing work while Steve wished to be on time.
Steve sat up straighter and Tony just knew the
As the two stopped before a double door with an electronic lock, Steve looked out the window and only now realised how high up they were. This must be pretty close to the penthouse...
I can hear the heavy footsteps coming down the stairs. The lights turn on and I'm blinded. The door is unlocked and Odin walks in.
He also kept his eyes hidden quite often. And wore the makeup he usually only used for important press conferences.
Tony looked exhausted where his head was resting against Bucky's chest, eyes closed.
Besides, no one had seen the engineer since he stopped the weapon production and locked himself away in his tower.
"Hey there point break, what brings you back to earth?" So Thor was back, and the first thing he said after crashing through a window was making Tony feel woozy.
"I think Tony's getting abused."
Tony had fucked up again. He was just punishing him as usual when... Bucky... yes, Bucky had walked in and dragged him away. Natasha had tased him. They probably hadn't realised what was going on then.
Bruce blinks a few times. "A prank? What- this wasn't the real hammer was it?" He asks annoyed, staring at Thor intensely.
Steve and Bruce stood there in shock, not knowing what was going on.
Normally Thor would allow me to drive to school with him. But Odin told him I broke his phone. I didn't. But no one believes me if I would say that. I don't know why, but it seems Odin is saying things to make Thor hate me. I don't know why he's trying, it is rather obvious I am not made to be cared for. Even Thor is not foolish enough to waste time on me.
There was still time left, but Loki did not know what his other chores would be yet. He also couldn't hide in his room, since he did not know which room he would be staying in. And so he put the TV on softly and watched some scientific documentary about plasma. It was rather interesting.
"I don't- That's not-
Banner and Stark drove past as well, they pulled over and offered me a ride. I declined, father would be angry if he thought I was making friends.
His mother's list was simply Alcohol, Reputation, Parties. Tony wasn't even on it. Or maybe he made spot twelve, just below Clothing.
"Christmas isn't over yet. We can heat up the food you made and eat it together?" Steve suggested.
Odin will be down here later, so I hide the flashlight and the essay in advance.
Thank whoever was listening, Bucky was alright. Tony used his last energy to take Bucky's hand and look into his eyes. He wouldn't burden him with last minute confessions of love that would only bring him guilt.
I can hear them eat and talk when I sit near the door at the bottom of the stairs. My door is locked, and the lights are out. So I'm writing this with a flashlight I have hidden here.
Steve snapped out of his trance the second he saw Tony flinch harshly when the video showed people running and screaming in fear.
Steve woke up with his head pounding and muscles aching. It took him way longer than usual to wake up and remember what happened.
Loki ate slowly, his eyes focusing on every abrupt movement. The food was disappearing quickly, mostly due to Steve and Clint who both burnt a lot of calories daily.
"W-What about T-Thor? He'll... He'll tell O-Odin. He'll... Be so angry." And again, the terror was obvious in the student his eyes.
So the lack of sleep and nutrition made his reactor more bothersome than usual, so what? He could still fight. He had to stay useful.
"You didn't dump me?" He asks softly, fearing the answer but needing to know.
"That's good news kiddo, why the frown?"
Loki accepted a comforting hug briefly before starting to shake, Steve pulled back again and smiled sadly. The smile held a promise. They would get there. They wouldn't leave.
Thor just looked sad but realised Tony didn't want to talk anymore so he said they would talk more tomorrow and left for his guest room a few floors below.
Stark mutters a soft thank you, slips into the big Shield sweater that once belonged to Steve before Tony stole it, and walks to the kitchen to make some coffee.
It's been a week, and no one has managed to break into the workshop yet.
17:09 - home
made. And when you started avoiding me I thought- well, it doesn't matter. I mean, if you only like the armour that's- that's okay. But I hope... I hope you might like the guy inside as well?" Despite Tony's hundreds of shields, there's a spark of hope burning in those brown eyes, staring at the Captain waiting for an answer.
Tony was alone and no matter how much Pepper shouted, he wouldn't change his mind.
"Tony! Tony it's me, I brought your new P.A., come meet him." Pepper didn't hesitate to speak up as she entered the surprisingly clean and light room. It seemed to be some sort of living room, though Steve thought it didn't look very lived in.
The next chapter will be up within a few days :)
Tadaa, the torture is over, the end is here XD
"Right, goodnight Steve."
Hour after hour went in it. Every free second, and there weren't many of those, went into the project.
"What?" Tony asks a little defensive.
But Loki didn't comment as he simply nibbled on his one slice, he would never ask for more food. Just the thought of it made his cheek sting with phantom pain.
Tony coughed harshly. There were no cliche drops of blood left on a white handkerchief, but the gem in his chest did flicker weakly. It was barely shining anymore.
His head wasn't hurting quite as much as the first time, and that clouded feeling of too much medication wasn't there. Instead, his right side was throbbing. Actually, his entire back felt sore and aching. Dammit.
"So why do you take the train?"
It hurts. As usual. My skin breaks in a few spots, that's the worst, that will get infected most likely.
Worry was eating at everyone, and all they had was Friday's word that Tony was alive.
She knew Banner from Maths class and, through her, the four met. Eventually that lead to both Stark and Banner getting meetings with Phil as well, making his schedule rather full.
Steve fumbles with the plate that's now cracking a little under the strong hands tightening their hold on it. "Oh, yes, what-" He clears his throat. "What do you want to talk about?"
Just earlier this day the Avengers had moved back in the tower. And Stark just didn't get it. After everything, after all he did... they still came back.
Having the time to organise his thoughts, Tony realised that he really loved Steve. As in, he really didn't want him to leave and kinda wanted to spend the rest of their lives together.
The genius sighs and relaxes visibly. "I'm sorry for not telling you sooner. I've had... Bad expectations of what you'd be like." He admits softly, pushing away memories of his dad yelling about how much better Captain America would be. "It took time before I could separate the title from the man. To trust you with knowing I like to play dress up." He jokes a little, trying to lighten the mood some.
Well, it didn't really matter now anyway. Even with his genius brain he couldn't change the past.
After being thanked a million times, the cursed man sent his PA off to go get some groceries. He needed some space, some time alone without his clever assistant.
"It's alright to be afraid." Phil continued. "But you no longer have to be afraid of him. With everything we have, you will never return to that house again."
In fact, it was so damn heart shattering that Tony's head snapped up to look at one of his soulmate's. The Captain was shaking his head, eyes wide and teared. He took Tony's hand again and squeezed softly. "Please Tony... Don't send us away. Don't send me away. Please." Steve begged and Tony just didn't understand.
But the accusing words never came.
"The Avengers are currently watching a movie in the common room Sir, they did invite you." The A.I. answered sassily.
The sorcerer's brother, a Norse God (
Their friend never had a flawless ego, he just had a lot of masks.
Loki didn't really understand why Phil was acting the way he was. Didn't he realise what a waste of space Loki was?
Steve shook his head and swallowed thickly. "He didn't buy this." The Captain said with dread heavy in his stomach.
First things first, Steve's present. The most important thing. Tony had actually gotten better at gift giving and realised that something with time and effort put into it meant a lot more than the price tag. So instead of buying something, Tony designed and built a new bike for Steve himself.
On top of that, there has been this weird prank war between Clint and Thor. And even weirder, they kept trying to involve Tony.
"Jarvis? Can you send the gifts to the tower? Make sure they get there before the morning."
when they walk." He whined annoyed, then ducked to avoid being hit with a shoe.
It was mostly surprising that aside from muttering about Jarvis being a traitor, Tony actually listened to him.
Rogers for vitamin pills due to a lack of eating enough meat and vegetables.
Not over this.
Bucky kissed his cheek before helping him in the car, sliding in the back beside him while Steve walked to the other side.
The rest of the night passed without a single flaw.
Student loans, combined with massive medical bills, forced the aspiring artist to work at a boring 9 to 5 office job. It wasn't all bad, his best friend was working at the same company and their bills were being paid. Then again, Steve hoped that there was more to life than getting coffee and making copies of boring reports for his boss. Even though miss Carter was nice to work for, his tasks tended to be unbearably dull.
There was a time where Tony's petty crush on Steve made him feel a bit brighter. Right now? He felt disgusting.
"Tony? I-" Iron Man startles at the touch and looks around with a hint of panic. He gets up abruptly, dropping the popcorn, and rushes out.
Maybe then I can pretend someone is listening.
And there seemed to be no one else. Perfect.
Even before his eyes got used to the light, Tony knew who it was. The warm metal in his hand gave it away with ease. "Barnes... What are you doing here?" He whispered as he kept staring at the wall before him. He didn't want to watch one of the men he loved break things off. It would make it all too real.
Like, really really weird.
A small voice sounded through the speakers in the workshop. Tony put away his blowtorch and closed his eyes briefly. "What's up squirt?" He asked even though he knew the answer already. It had been a week since Tony's revelation, and each day Peter had come down to the workshop to ask to come in.
Loki kept very silent as he didn't understand what was expected of him now.
He groaned and tried to pull his pillow over his head only to find it already occupied with someone else.
Dammit.
Steve smiled at his teammates, all white teeth and sunshine. He saved Tony for last, pulling the smaller man against his chest and kissing him lightly. "I missed you."
No response.
Tony blinked and suddenly laid comfortably in his bed, he was really exhausted and kept dozing off as Steve had carried him.
Loki just weakly shook his head. "He can. He gives me a roof over my head, he feeds me, he pays for a school I do not deserve, he clothes me. And all I have to pay is some... Anger release. It is better than being homeless." He whispered in a tone that suggested he was only trying to convince himself.
Bucky blinked a few times and gently raised Tony's hand to place a soft kiss on his knuckles. "Good, because I don't want to go..."
"Y-you..." He gasped and looked up at Bruce. Suddenly he rolled up one of his own sleeves, just partly. The sight caused Bruce to swallow thickly.
The dark haired student nodded and wished he could disappear on the spot. "Yes Sir."
Not bothering to dress in anything more than a pair of sweatpants, Steve walked to the livingroom where their Christmas tree was set up. He almost bumped into Bruce who was standing frozen in the doorway.
Loki woke up in sweat half way through the night, a nightmare fresh in his mind. Still half asleep the student had briefly thought himself still in that basement and curled up in fear.
(See the end of the chapter for
Without even thinking, Tony shot the bot as he flew forwards as fast as he could. The laser hit him on his side, pain blossoming along his entire chest, the armour pierced and alarms blasting. The suit was unable to lose speed in time and slammed against a wall.
Tony tried to keep his distance... It didn't work.
The day Coulson dragged Barton along, she carefully cleaned his cuts, bound them up, and sent him back to Phil with a scribbled note.
Bucky buried his face in the crook of Tony's neck, holding the smaller man like something precious.
Bucky swallows thickly and nods. "You're right. It's time for action."
"Like crap Cap." Tony said drily but cracked a small grin as he finally started to understand what had happened.
Tony blinked a few times as his drugged mind tried to process the information, he immediately tried to sit up and shook his head. "Oh hell no. You need the air support. With Thor gone you can't go without m-"
It took him longer than he had wanted, but finally there was a pasta finished in the fridge, ready to be eaten. Loki hoped Coulson wouldn't be too hungry since there hadn't been much food. And the student just knew there wouldn't be a lot of leftovers. Which meant not a lot to eat for him.
"Sorry I'm late Tony, trains were a mess. I'll make it up by working a little longer!" were the first words out of his mouth when he found Tony, in his workshop as usual. Before Tony could actually say anything, Steve frowned at the disheveled state the genius was in. "You haven't slept yet."
His other students wanted to meet Loki to voice their encouragement and support, they had to get Loki settled in his home so he has a place to be safe. And, they had to work on the Thor problem. Odin would become a very big issue, Phil was certain, but if Natasha found out what happened... The horrible man might end up losing some parts.
It was Friday evening and Phil's students were currently visiting.
"Wha-" but whatever he wanted to ask was cut off with a louder growl. Steve stepped back and dropped his bagels. "I'm sorry." He whispered as be backed up further.
