His friend shakes his head, starting to eat his lunch. “Nothing. That was just… A really crazy coincidence don't you think?"
Tony picks up the phone with a razor sharp smile, the blazing anger not faltering for a second, flicking it to speakerphone.
It's an eternity before the pain starts to come back to him. It’s muted now, so much more muted than before. It’s like… he’s in a bubble. Removed from everything else around him.
“Still late.” Fury smirks, and Tony leans back with a sigh, closing his eyes. He hears the door open and close again, but still doesn’t move to look. He resists the urge to put his feet on the table, because pissing Fury off right now is probably a bad idea.
Tony had then proceeded to smile, drink, and laugh his way through the first half of the evening. When the first person, one of his ex girlfriends actually, asks him shyly what happened to his face, he smirks, and explains what ‘happened’ with dum-e.
He sighs heavily, pushing himself into a sitting position and leaning down to pull Tony into a kiss.
“I-“ Tony can think of about six other things he wants to say, and none of them are flattering. His sometimes thinks his vocabulary is a little
“Rhodey.” Tony says, shooting his friend a look, voice not leaving any room for argument. “I’ll see you in a minute.”
Steve can’t begin to speak even if he tried, so only stares as Tony’s phone buzzes and he rolls his eyes.
After a while, it could’ve been hours, maybe seconds, Tony pulls away, a small smile tugging at his lips.
“I told you, I never care Tones. I would rather you called me than do the bullshit lone gun-slinger thing where you grit your teeth and deal with it alone.”
A child. He’d been a child, and then she’d died, and he’d grown up so fucking fast and it still hurts the same amount, even so many years later.
“I’m-” Rhodey elbows him in the ribs, hearing the tone, and Tony barely reins in the urge to give his friend a gesture he knows Fury won’t appreciate. “I’m more interested in the actual mythology more than the art.” He grits out, shooting another glare at Rhodey.
“Let’s go.” She says quietly, steering him towards the door with a final, brilliant smile directed to Obadiah. Tony doesn’t look back as she half pulls him out of the restaurant, dragging him down the street until they reach a side alley. Then he pulls out of her grip fast. She doesn't comment on the speed of the movement, and he's grateful for that at least.
it had been a bad idea to tell Natasha that he was taking Tony to see his art. She had called Sam, who had called Clint, and they’d all been blowing up his phone with texts asking how it had gone.
“Steve he-” It’s not often Nat is at a loss for words, but she’s struggling now. “I don’t think it went all the way.”
He goes back to his apartment first, changing into a suit, because he would bet his life that Obie is going to be in a shit mood today after that phone call, and he would rather be on the side of caution.
“You waited and decided to open the entire cafe late, just so that you could be the only ones in here to tease me about my sex life.”
Tony shakes his head, and he knows that there are no masks up now, nothing hiding what he’s feeling. For the first time, that doesn’t scare him.
“Not many sixteen year olds can even attempt to develop a tracking technology this advanced. Don’t put so much pressure on yourself about it kid.”
“Come on.” He says quietly, leading him out of the door. The hall is empty now, silent, and Steve feels a tension in him unwind.
“I was…busy.” A camera-ready smile, and he can see the expression on Obie’s face, and he knows he’s bought the lie, or at least accepts it for now.
“Someone thinks rather highly of himself.” Steve says with a laugh, watching Tony stand and walk over to the kitchen to make some more coffee.
He had met Peter at the first class he’d ever taught at MIT. Tony had seen so much of himself reflected in Peter in that first hour that he hadn’t even hesitated. The first assignment he had set had been turned in a day early by the kid, and Tony… Tony had been genuinely impressed with it. A week later, Fury had agreed to let him have an intern working part time in his lab at SHIELD, and now here they are.
“It’s reserved.” Tony says, and there’s a wild sort of excitement on his face that Steve never wants to stop seeing.  “Come on.”
He wants a fucking drink, and he wants Rhodey, and he wants Steve to call so he can go on the stupid date with the stupid barista, and most of all he wants to run, and get out of this den of shadows that he’s trapped in.
He just presses his head further into Steve’s shoulder. Tony is shaking, and it’s not from the cold at all.
“Rhodey.” He says again, tone low with warning. He doesn’t want to bring it all up with Steve again, but he can’t quite bring himself to feel fully guilty about letting Rhodey lay into him.
Slowly, so slowly, they pull away. Steve is breathless, heart pounding, eyes wide. Tony opens his mouth, moving back a little bit, and his stomach drops because Tony looks scared, worried.
The waitress smiles, and Steve can see something change in her expression as she relaxes slightly, addressing Tony.
“I know baby.” He whispers, carding a hand through Tony’s hair and letting him break, letting him give into the endless ocean of grief and loss, hand rubbing circles on his back. “I’m so sorry.”
“I break everything I touch.” Tony whispers, and there’s something shattered in his voice. “I fuck it all up and put everyone in danger and I can’t-”
He hadn’t meant to run into Tony at this time of the morning, it had just… happened. He’d heard the billionaire walk past his room, he had only been half asleep anyway. Usually, he’d roll over and go back to sleep. And yet, he hadn’t been able to walk away this time, so he had found himself dressing in jeans and a t shirt, and making his way downstairs to the kitchen.
“Tony?” Steve’s voice is quiet, and Tony is ashamed of the way he feels himself relax at the sound of it.
Aside from Peter, Nat and Obadiah, no one has called him Tony in a while. But, the Captain knowing his first name doesn’t mean he knows the truth about his last.
His heart rate seems to have doubled in the space of a second, but he’s had enough practice not letting it show on his face.
He knows that he sounds desperate, but he doesn’t care. Because Tony… he needs to hear it. Again and again and again until it sticks.
Tony feels his heart shudder to a halt in his chest, as Obie claps him on the shoulder. He’s too close, and every inch of Tony wants to take a step backwards, to
“I didn’t know you were Italian.” He doesn't mention that he had found it ridiculously hot. The expression on his face most likely speaks for itself, if Tony's knowing smirk is any indication.
“Hammer was being a dick.” Rhodey says simply, and Tony feels a flash of anger. Justin Hammer is one of those asshole’s who thinks he’s popular but isn’t, and gets his kicks out of treating everyone (or everyone who won’t immediately deck him) like shit.
“Then,” Steve says, brushing a thumb over his knuckles. Everything about him is calm, gentle, “explain it to me.”
“Yeah,” Tony says, and then moves to hug him, burying his face in his shirt. Steve hugs back, being careful of the bruising. He thinks he hears Tony breathe in sharply as he shifts, but then again, maybe he’s being paranoid.
He’s barely passing all his classes, so partying hadn’t been, and won’t ever be, the smarter choice, especially when it makes him late for his one current source of income. If it wasn’t for the scholarship that’s paying for so much of his funding, Steve doesn’t know where he would be, but it certainly wouldn’t be in college.
Fury smiles, and it’s really not a reassuring one. “I’m sending you on a mission. You’ll find the rest out in due course, we’re just waiting for the last person to start.”
“Because-” he doesn’t have a reason, not really. He can’t tell Steve he’s scared of staying, because he doesn’t want to break one of the only good things in his life. Not that Steve is in his life, not that he
The ten second countdown starts, and New York City holds its breath. It’s snowing now, settling on their clothes, catching the light as it spirals down. Steve isn’t sure he’s thinking about anything other than how warm Tony is, how real he is, how much he loves him. There’s such a peaceful silence amidst the chaos, the roaring wall of sound.
“Tony.” He says, and it doesn’t sound worried anymore, just low, soothing, calm. “Are you sure you want to go after him for this? I’m not saying I don’t believe you, but is it worth it?”
He has two texts from Steve, and they’re both wishing him luck with dinner. Steve’s iPhone sent the message twice
He goes into the graveyard alone, ignoring Howard’s headstone and crouching on the damp grass next to his mother's.
“Uh. I think he wanted you to look over some damage to his gear. I told him I could do it but...I don’t think he trusts me with it.”
After that, Steve turns up every year on December 16th, even after the Ultron fiasco. Sometimes, he just comes and drops off coffee, sometimes they drive to the lake, and sometimes they walk around the city until the early hours of the morning. They don’t talk much, but Tony isn’t so scared of the numbness reaching him here.
“I made coffee if you want it,” Steve says, trying for a smile as Tony opens his eyes, taking a deep breath.
He knows his number, but the clean phone is in his apartment in his jacket. According to his mother's watch, it’s 4:38 when they get to the hotel.
Instead, he goes into the kitchen, and starts to make a pot of coffee. He wants to call Steve, he wants to explain-
When Tony gets down to the lab, it’s starting to get dark and Peter is still there, bent over the thin wires spread across the table.
him. He manages a smile of his own, a real one, because he loves his mother and he loves her language and her family. So when he tells her quietly in Italian that he’s really missed her too, it’s not a lie.
“Excellent,” he says dryly, “but the staring speaks for itself I’m afraid. You have a shit poker face.”
Steve nods silently, keeping up barely with the speed at which Tony’s brain is moving right now. He isn’t sure how to deal with Tony like this, the choreographed hurricane that he turns into, and the single and unrelenting focus in his eyes.
Without hesitating, Steve pulls him against his chest as Tony’s voice breaks, closing his eyes and just
Steve. Saying his name, saying it out here by the still water... It makes his heart stumble in his chest for a second. Steve's next words are so quiet.
Steve is here but he’s rubbing his back gently, whispering reassurances. A minute later, when the nausea lessens slightly, he hears running water and a glass of it is pressed into his hand.
“Tony.” Steve says again. Softly. Carefully. Like Tony is about to break. Maybe he is, he doesn’t know anymore. “It’s okay if you’re not, you know that right?”
Tony lets out a noise that’s half way between a laugh and a sob, and is on his feet in seconds, throwing himself at the man who has just walked in the door. Rhodey doesn’t flinch as Tony collides with him, only laughs a little, arms coming around Tony to pull him closer.
Howard’s voice drops into something terrifyingly soft, and Tony realises in a shock of clarity, that it was never going to end any other way.
Helen Cho tells him that he’s lucky to be alive. He doesn’t mention that he's not, not really. His heart is still there, left in the frozen air of Siberia.
Dimly, he realises that despite Ty, despite being drugged, despite everything tonight, Tony hadn’t once refused to let Steve touch him.
He can only see half his face in the drawing, and his eyes are wide, dark. Then as his eyes move over the page, he takes in the rest of the drawing.
Sam, his boss and also one of his best friends, is leaning against the wall next to the staff entrance when Steve pushes open the door and tries not to wince as it slams behind him. Sam’s arms are folded across his chest, and he looks like he’s trying to be serious.
The fact that it sounds so much like Howard’s voice in his ear is what snaps him out of it eventually. Howard. Coming on Friday.
Steve laughs, closing his eyes and tugging Tony against him. The next song in the album starts to play, and Steve smiles, just breathing. Frank Sinatra again. Steve knows that it was on purpose now, because it’s Tony. Of course it was on purpose.
Obie just looks at him, and his eyes are so empty of emotion. Sometimes, Tony wonders if he’s even human.
Once he’s changed, Tony makes his way into the kitchen. A minute later, Steve hands him a mug of coffee with a hesitant smile.
If Rhodey was here, he would be able to help him down from this. It’s a detached sort of panic, he’s not even sure he’s
So obviously, Howard had told him. And now, even though it’s his father's fists that are bruised today, it’s somehow Tony’s fault.
“I don’t believe you,” he says quietly, and Tony laughs, because he doesn’t know what else to do, he doesn’t know how to
Obadiah doesn’t move to take the folder, so Tony opens it himself onto the first page, flipping it over so Obie can read it.
His phone rings, the work one, and Tony nearly jumps out of his skin. Once he’s got his breathing under control, he picks up.
So he says no to Steve’s offer of company, even though he really wants to take it, and spends the day by an old lake out of town, blinking away tears.
He hears him before he sees him, the quiet sound of bare feet on tiles before arms wrap around his waist. Steve kisses his neck and Tony closes his eyes, leaning back against him.
Two days later, it’s the same. A mug of coffee, working in the lab. He goes into the office in the mornings, and then goes back to the apartment in the afternoons. Obie doesn’t care, because there’s nothing to care about now that Tony’s next
He leans back in his chair and tries to sort through the mess of thoughts and memories. He’s thankful that none of it shows on his face, thankful that that is the one thing he
Tony pulls away and smiles, golden brown eyes dancing with the city lights, and Steve realises there’s a part of him that’s been waiting for Tony Stark his whole life.
“Kiss me,” Tony says quietly, reaching up and trailing his fingers over Steve’s face, over his lips. “Just kiss me, okay?”
On the first December 16th after his parents die, seven months after his eighteenth birthday, Tony Stark wakes up to snow.
“I need anything.” Tony finishes with a shake of his head and a smile that’s more normal. “Yeah. Rhodey will be there for a bit, so it’s fine.”
Tony laughs, and it’s something cold, nothing like the bright laughter from last night. The laugh is autopilot, he can’t really think anymore. Everything’s a mess, and he’s cold. He’s so cold. Everything is fucking cold and something in his head is screaming at him to run and fix it, to
“See you tomorrow,” Tony says again, and Steve manages a smile, despite the sinking feeling that he’s still missing something. He hands Tony the take out cup of coffee with a half smile.
Tony’s phone rings, interrupting his thoughts. He picks it up with a frown, eyes flickering over the
She breaks off mid sentence, eyes widening slightly, and Steve turns around as Tony pushes open the door.
Tony realises he's spoken out loud, and fights to keep his expression neutral, even as Steve’s brows furrow in confusion.
“I am compromising, this is me compromising. I’ll go, but only if you give me the information I want. Simple.”
The newest voice is layered with a quiet, subtle sort of amusement. Tony knows who it is before he even turns, but looks anyway.
Tony is twenty minutes late to the address that he texted him, and Steve is beginning to wonder if this whole thing is actually some elaborate joke. The restaurant he’s outside of is Italian, and Tony still isn’t here, and honestly he’s not sure if he’s relieved or not.
He knows he's been neglecting to do everything Howard and Obie expect from him, but he doesn't have the energy to care about them right now.
Pepper shrugs. “You look like you could use it, no offence. And I figured your boyfriend would be here too. Also, you’re awful terrible at communicating with me.”
“Hey,” Tony says, and not for the first time, Steve can’t stop a smile appearing on his face. He swears it’s an uncontrollable instinct, especially when Tony smiles back, and it’s a mix between something almost deadly, but unbelievably beautiful.
and you should do it, absolutely; everyone loves her," said Tony, nodding eagerly.  He gave Steve another squeeze.  "Steve, I want you to go out there and really... show everyone what you're made of.  And I'll be behind you every step of the way.  Especially if I get to meet Taylor Swift. I have, like, a huge crush on her.  Don't tell anyone, though, she's kind of a pop star.  Pepper knows and she and Happy never stop teasing me about it.  Like I said, though... I'm sort of a sucker for sweet wholesome-looking blondes."  He kissed Steve's temple.  "You don't have to do all that stuff this week, though, right?  We're having 'us' time.  You know... honeymooning it up.  I mean, we're still doing the Expo, obviously, it's
"...I didn't know about all that shit happening to Ty.  ...he tried to call me a few times. I didn't pick up, though.  I just... couldn't deal with it. ...when you come back, are you gonna keep doing all your omega rights stuff?
Wait.  Where the fuck had that come from?  Steve's pre-heat was making Tony stupid.  But he was already bowing down, still wiggling his fingers inside Steve.  "Be a good boy and show me you like it..." Oh, God, what the hell had gotten into hm…
, almost, like there was a right way to it, an ancient etiquette that needed to be followed at all costs.
Trey's brother winked at him. "Let's just say I added an extra special something for our favorite patriot."
"Situation?" Stone echoed and frowned a little. "I do hope everything is quite alright, Captain," he said, eyes flitting over Steve as if his appearance would somehow provide answers. The post-heat scent still probably lingered if one was really looking for it but that was about all the cues Stone would get. Steve's face remained unreadable.
Pepper was sober, though, and watching him with concern. She looked at him with such a sadness in his eyes it made Steve's own gut twist. "Why are you looking at me like that?" she asked her as Aria began chatting to Mac once they were inside. She raised a hand and cupped his cheek,
Steve looked down at Tony with red rimmed eyes and blurry vision. He rubbed a hand over his face, then his eyes. He sniffed softly. "I don't usually cry so easy," he whispered. Neither of them mentioned that he'd hardly cried over something small.
Sam pulled up a chair as well and dropped into it.  "I wanna talk to you about what happened in Yemen." He glanced at Tony.  "You want him here?" he asked, jerking a thumb at Tony.
He had mixed feelings about locked collars being made illegal.  Tony had a strong libertarian slant; he generally felt everything should be legal, including drugs and weapons.  He disliked that handguns were illegal in London and disliked the idea that collars could be made illegal, too.
Ever since Gleason had told them that breaking the gland was painful (something Tony had never even thought of), he was now concerned that every time he would bite Steve, it would it hurt like it had for him in the hospital.  Would Steve's body think he was a rogue Alpha, trying to "steal" Steve away from his "real" Alpha?
Tony shrugged, scrolling through the article.  "It's a... highly defensive prosthetic."  Further in the article, there was a picture of Tony and Steve kissing on stage, but the camera was angled upward and Tony didn't look especially dwarfed by Steve.  There were honest-to-God fireworks in the background; it looked like the happy ending to a romantic movie.  Dressed in t-shirts and jeans, the two of them looked like they had wandered on stage by accident and were sharing an intimate moment without any awareness that they were being watched.
It was unfamiliar, this feeling of caring.  Tony wasn't in the business of caring.  He'd liked Steve, liked the way he looked and talked and moved.  But it wasn't until Steve's heat that something had awakened in him.  Something pure and primal that made his whole life up until he'd mated Steve seem inconsequential and gaudy and pointless.  And now that they were mated, Tony couldn't think of any cause more noble or worthwhile than spending every waking moment with Steve, being there for him, as his guardian.  There was a vulnerability to this level of love that was exciting, like going to a nude beach or trying out an untested suit for the first time by flinging himself off a cliff.
During their first years together, admittedly, Karpov had made him kneel, pressed his cheek into his thigh.  Karpov wasn't bonded and he was curious what it felt like. It felt like nothing in particular, to be honest.  But it had impressed on him the idea that HYDRA had instilled in him earlier, that all men would someday be equal.  Alphas and omegas would
"Steve, in a week's time you're going to save over a thousand kids. You're not a joke. You're serious business. Once your heat is over, you two will see what you can achieve together. And it's going to be incredible."
He politely excused himself from the room he was in, scooting past several people's knees, and made his way back toward the hospitality suite.  He felt thoroughly sick from watching a presentation about "reassignment" and he needed a fucking break.
Tony didn't think about it much but deep down, a huge amount of his resentment for Howard stemmed from that accident.  Howard had been the one behind the wheel.  Had he been drinking?  No clue.  Certainly possible.  This was one of Tony's darkest thoughts, that his mother and father had died as a result of Howard's negligence... that Howard's final act had been to take Tony's parents from him at the age of 16.
He'd realized what this was.  This was a heat.  He was going into heat.  Not slowly, as he had before, in Morocco.  No, it was hitting him like a sack full of rocks.  He was breaking into a sweat and shaking, a slave to his biology; his mind was fogging up and he was having difficulty remembering what they'd been doing, exactly.
Natasha shut the door behind her, when she spoke she'd made sure her head was tilted towards Clint. "Don't Steve. You made your choices, we made ours. Remember?"
"My report on you was honest," Steve said. "So yes, it was good. And it was fair too. But...if you're serious about getting on the team then you have to accept you're gonna see me in danger. You might see me hurt. You gonna see me hurt other people. And I want you to think about if you can deal with that."
Steve sighed as Tony came back and leaned his head against his knee. He nuzzled against his him gently. Eventually, Steve opened his eyes. His blue eyes were glazed over, expression serene and lips parted a fraction.
Tony groaned again, fidgeting.  He was still mostly unconscious, although he'd gotten a reflexive erection from Steve's scent.  Tiberius was pointedly trying not to look at it.
Steve tried to approach Donner after dinner; he didn't look happy about it. "Hey," he said. "People over there were saying Gideon 'lost' you in poker for nine nights. Is that true?"
Tony wasn't sure, actually.  The boy smelled like an Alpha but his dominance was an utter mystery.  Trying to figure it out was baffling. It was like seeing 1 + 1 = 4 written on a blackboard and trying to figure out how such a conclusion had been reached.
"He is," Steve agreed with a tired smile, thinking of how Tony had walked around the liquor store hours ago, picking up various items and asking anxiously if they might make Banksy feel better.
He felt confused and unsettled.  He didn't like the way this guy smelled or the sound of his voice.  Or what he was saying.  He knew him?  No he didn't.  They'd never met before.
Steve was already charging up the steps to the stage.  He walked out and peeked around the corner to view the crowd.  It was chaos. "I'm okay," he said after a beat. "But I have...no idea what's going on.  Send back-up.  A bunch of mech suits by Hammer Industries just went rogue and they're stomping around the expo and we've basically got a right on our hands here."
He looked back at Steve.  In Steve's days, omegas and Alphas didn't "date."  Their relationships tended to be more closely described as servant and master.  Tony looked down at the wine menu; the light was dim; without a second thought, he tugged down the collar of his shirt and used his arc reactor to read it.
Steve took the paper and signed it without a second thought. He trusted Gleason. Steve handed it back. The doctor smiled at him.
"But do they really have any other option?" Steve pointed out. "Go back fifty years. Plenty more women were housewives, not because they
"I'll get Banksy.  Just stop giving him options, okay?" said Tony.  He hung up, then turned around and snapped his fingers at Pepper.
A pair of bright blue eyes, unchanged by the serum, stared at him through the tiny window at the bottom of the door.
and sweet to me and... yeah, I was besotted." Hal's face lit up when she spoke about Steph. It was cute. And it made sense why so she was fascinated by Steve, if she studied the second World War in particular. It didn't surprise Steve that Hal was an academic either; she was so goddamn bright.
Gently, he carried Tony to his bed before Steve began to systematically search his apartment. It took a good few hours, going through his books taking over an hour in itself.
A strange memory returned to him all of a sudden. The president, years and years ago, laughing with a cigarette in his mouth as he shook Steve's hand.
"Steve?  Anything you want.  I promise.  I'm your Alpha.  I'll take care of you.  Just tell me what you need."
"About half this job is timing," said Sam, crouched motionless across the roof.  "You gotta be patient."
"I knew he was a fan, but wow," said Tony, shaking his head.  His hands caressed Steve's inner thigh, brushing the bulge between his legs.  The outfit left very, very little to the imagination; it was designed to show up the "super soldier," after all.  And to sell war bonds.  And nothing quite sold like sex.
He actually hesitated.  But years of following orders weren't easy to shake off.  He was scared of what they would do to him for asking questions and not completing either of his two objectives.  But he'd earned whatever punishment they could dole out.  He rose and walked over to them, footsteps silent in the sand.  Beside him, Pearl followed; she growled when they got close.
Tony looked over at Steve, baffled.  "Clint's not deaf. ...oh my God. Did we get the right guy?  What if there's another Clint Barton with a long-lost brother?  ...Clint'll be so mad at us."
Gently, he pushed a couple of fingers into Steve.  Steve was slippery with arousal and they went in easily; Steve let out a choking moan above him.
"...maybe I should... should just distance the bond.  Let Bucky have him," said Tony shakily, staring down at the phone.
Peggy. A fearless female Alpha in a sea of sexism and Alpha men. A woman who was worth ten of every man in there. Steve's chest ached to think of her. He'd been to visit a few times.  She was old, now. It was hard- seeing her like that. But he was still forever grateful he'd gotten the chance to see her at all.  Most of his other friends were dead.
Tony held up his, automatically, but then lowered them.  He wasn't going to shoot some defenseless girl; she was holding no weapon.
, Tony!"  Pepper grabbed a handkerchief from the pocket of one of the stage hands and pressed it to his mouth.  Tony didn't even remember Hammer biting him, but his lip was bleeding freely.
," groaned Tony, looking at himself in the mirror.  The sweater Donner had knitted him was bright yellow and he looked like a fucking Easter egg crossed with a duckling.
Clint was trying to scale the fridge, exclaiming something about it being coldest on top, while Natasha tried to get him down. Gleason sat at the other end of the room at the table, clutching his bag a little tighter than necessary, looking mildly curious.
Tony stared at the plate of food with a look of disgust.  He wasn't hungry. Or rather, he was, but not for food. He picked listlessly at the sandwich without actually eating any of it, sipped the water, and went back to nosing Steve's neck, taking comfort in his smell.
He walked a little unevenly on his ankle. Also an issue that could inhibit escape. Steve couldn't run properly.  He'd had to resort to stealth, then.
"Danielle! Come over here! You have to meet our favorite captain!  Danielle McDavid, Captain Rogers," he introduced the two of them.  Danielle was an athletic omega with dark skin, her hair tied up in little braids, younger than Banksy but older than Steve.  Her handshake was firm. "She's the head of Status Alliance, probably one of the biggest omega rights organizations in the country--"
"Maybe they just wanted to see how far the chip would get before it got destroyed. Wanted to see how paranoid we already were," Steve suggested quietly and Rhodey sighed.
He stared out the window, brooding; Steve's phone pinged again.  Tony glanced down.  "You gonna answer that?" he asked.  He didn't mean to sound irritated but it came off that way.  He felt like he'd aged years in the span of one day.  Steve had been right about the simulation being isolating.  And he was still trying to shake off the effects, try to sort through his memories.
"Is now really the time for that?  Yes!  We did!"  Tony saw an opening and took it; he directed full power to the boots and shot off, leaving the Expo behind, a pack of drones on his tail.  He followed the curve of the highway.  He wasn't sure where he was going, just away.
?  ...I want it now.  I slept the whole plane ride, I'm not tired.  Show me now," he insisted. The idea of starting off his day with some wild sex and then spending the rest of it getting every spa treatment known to man sounded perfect to him.
Steve didn't usually strike people as especially violent. But the war had burned violent reactions into his blood. It was in Steve's instinct to hit and punch things he didn't like, things that opposed him. And Malick pushed a lot of buttons.
Pietro snorted a little.  He wasn't bonded and hoped he never would be.  "Listen. There's an infiltration. They're on level 2.  Wanda and I... we're going to take care of it." He looked at Steve, almost sadly.  "From one rabbit to another, I'm sorry, Steve Rogers. But I made a promise to my sister and to my dead parents and to my country that I would do anything necessary to hold accountable the man that has made them suffer.  Now I have my chance, and you... you're no longer needed. So take your own advice and run, before they can use you. HYDRA doesn't think of us as people. Right now, stairwell 4 is empty, so you can take that to get out if you hurry.  ...James, it was a pleasure to get to know you. You've been a good friend, even if your memory is terrible."
you from going back to him because then we'd be doing exactly what he accuse him doing: not giving you the right to make your own choices. This is in your hands, no one else's. If you do go back with him I will be heart broken and I will have to live with knowing that I failed you. But I won't stop you. Because you're your own person and in the end you can do whatever you goddamn want to."
"Natasha and Clint are really weird," blurted Tony without thinking.  He wasn't being rude; they were, hands-down, the weirdest pair-bond he'd ever met.
The last time Steve had been on live TV, he had been standing behind the president and had had no lines.  He had been instructed merely to smile.
keycodes) and pulled Steve out.  The entrance of the grotto was hung with a heavy curtain of what appeared to be chaparral but was apparently fake; Tony pushed it aside and just like that, they were on the beach at night, the sky above them still bursting with brightly colored fireworks, the ocean whispering loudly and rhythmically against the sand.  They were completely alone.
"I told you, no one's here 'cept me and Steve," said Tony wearily, watching her poke around his shop.  She took her time, pausing to examine the Mark III, which was splayed out on a work bench. Finally, determining that there was no one there, she let Tony escort her back upstairs.
"Worked like a charm," said Tony, grabbing another drink.  If he didn't keep drinking, keep himself numb, his dander would be up in a second.  "Actually, I had a few chats with Maggie Frond, like you suggested, and she really helped open my eyes."
Sure enough, once he was in calling distance, several of them raised their hands and called, "Captain America!"
Tiberius, Banksy, and Tony all made noises of protest, but it was Pepper who moved.  Before anyone else could protest, she stormed over in heels and pencil skirt and, with a shockingly confident motion, scooped up Donner like he was nothing more than a kitten.  Donner let out a squeak.
Malick's smile vanished.  "...getting right to business I see.  I admire that. So, Captain. I'm sure you're aware of the reason for this meeting.  SHIELD is, of course, well aware by now of the identity of the Winter Soldier, and of your unique history with him."  He paused. "...not that it's really
Tony waited for Steve to wander away before he scooped up the mess on the floor, the vase (now cracked) and the tulips.  He knew there was no card, but looked for one anyway.
He watched Fury and the others disappear into the observation room.  He'd been there, ages ago, watching Steve.  Now their roles were reversed.  It was one-way glass and Tony felt a little weird knowing he was being watched without being able to watch back.
Steve heard a bout of cheering on the other end of the room and looked up. The two omegas who were fighting were trying to mop each other up while their Alphas shook hands and exchanged money.  "Jesus," he muttered. "Does Gideon ever make you fight?"
"No! So long as it isn't too strenuous," Richard said. "In fact, exercise is good for a healthy pregnancy. But they shouldn't be attempting 'parkour', or whatever the kids get up to these days." Another laugh. Steve had no idea what 'parkour' was.
"But you'd like it?" Steve pushed as he pressed his thumb against the tree, a wedge of bark digging into his skin. "Wouldn't you?  Would it be enough for you to leave him alone?"
"I'll see. Might be hard to squeeze you in though," Steve told Justin on the top of 'accommodating' him, his eyes narrowing at the Alpha passive aggressively before Pepper pulled him away. He wanted to see Justin's face when he realised Steve was Captain America. That he'd been lightly fondling the hand of Captain America, thinking he could rile Tony up by touching his PA- he would probably shit his pants. Steve often had that effect on Alphas, actually.
"I just gotta get my shoes on," said Tony, who had grabbed a bottle of gel from the counter and was trying to help Steve get his hair back in order.  "...you shouldn't have conditioned it this morning. You how how it fluffs up like this... you could be the mascot on a box of dryer sheets, seriously, this is fluffy... okay, how's that?  Better?" His fingers played over Steve's head, half-petting him as he fixed his hair. "...do we have time for a quickie?" he asked.
"I believe I already have," Steve murmured with a small, genuine smile. He offered Ellis a small nod, which was returned.
Secretly, Tony was hoping that Steve's big surprise project was something tame.  An omega soup kitchen. Since the conference, he'd been feeling shitty about his status, even though Steve was right, he couldn't help it.  They were born the way they were born. Nonetheless, it was hard not to feel
"Trickshot wanted to look for his brother, maybe it was something about that? Some of the omegas think their Alpha might have actually killed him, but you know, I thought that was maybe just kids being hysterical? You'd think that if he had killed him he would have kept a lot more quiet and no one would've heard about him waving a gun around all over the place." Steve sighed. "This is all so messy...all these Alphas just switching up their omegas when they get bored or they're too 'badly behaved.''" Steve tried for a smile and tried to joke. "You would have definitely gotten a better behaved omega than me at this point if you'd be arranged."
"They're videoing this. I don't want them to video this. And I don't want to be in a cage," Steve managed to get out, shaking his head subtly. But he still didn't lean away from his touch. He literally couldn't.  "Fuck HYDRA.  We-- we will
, was Jarvis, on the very edge, almost off-camera, his attention directed not toward the camera at all but toward a fussing bundle in his arms.
"Yeah. I'll find one," Steve yawned and lifted his head up a little wearily to offer her a faint smile. It was late evening, probably a little late for Peggy to stay up. Steve didn't want to make her sick. "Can I come back tomorrow?" He asked.
A lot of Tony's initial fury had subsided because of Steve's posturing.  Steve's body language was incredibly submissive; he rarely groveled, but seeing him speak softly and avoid eye contact and kneel, all of it made Tony hard-wired to forgive him and reassure him.
He turned his head to look at Tony, turning a little in his hold. "No. I mean-- I don't know. I can't tell because there was barely any of him there, you know? Maybe he had distanced from me or maybe he just didn't have enough real emotions for me to actually ever feel.  His brain's all messed up and he doesn't really seem to know where he is or what's going on.  But now he's...asleep."
Upstairs, the living room was finally looking more like a living room and less like a warzone; it had been cleaned and mostly patched, and the furniture had been righted or thrown away if it was broken.  Tony's eyes wandered over to the new glass coffee table that had been purchased to replace the old one; it was nearly buried under boxes of envelopes.
"What...what are we doing...?" Steve would have protested but lying down actually felt nice. It would be nice to sleep, he thought. He couldn't reasonably be expected to fight HYDRA when he was this tired.  Maybe a very short, tactical nap was in order.  He let his eyes slip shut. Steve hummed and squirmed a little, Bucky's fingers cold to the touch against his skin. He was limp and sleepy and actually very close to falling asleep like this. "Buck..." he whispered.
He hit the jets; the man pulled the trigger; a second later the whole hallway was engulfed in heat and smoke and dust, and Tony's whole body was being shaken like a damned goldfish in a bag, the suit absorbing some of the shock but not enough; he was being jolted down to his very core.  He was too disoriented to know whether he was up or down, and the navigation system was shot. He bounced off a concrete wall (ow), hit the opposite wall (ow) and then crashed into the man's back, and the two of them tumbled to the ground in a mess. Tony definitely heard something crunch under him.  Getting hit with the Iron Man suit was probably not dissimilar to getting hit by a motorcycle.
“Captain,” says Fury, “why don’t you start us off? No information disclosed in this room leaves it.”
Compartmentalise. He’s always been good at that. Breathe. Wait. Breathe again. The grief can't catch him unaware now, he can feel it simmering and burning and
He won’t see anyone today; he knows that Howard is in meetings. His mother is at the house in Malibu. Obadiah... he doesn’t know. But he’ll only come and see him if he wants something.
That's awe in his voice, such a fragile wonder that makes Tony scared to nod, scared to shatter something beyond repair. But he does anyway, because it's true, and there isn't anything he knows with more certainty in his life.
. He lets himself melt into it, because this is what it’s supposed to feel like, and his heart is pounding loud enough that he’s sure Steve can hear it.
Obadiah holds his gaze for a second, but Steve doesn’t falter, meeting it head on. And then the man nods, giving Steve a smile that reminds him of a shark.
“Tony!” He shouts, and for a second Steve hears something desperate, something human in his voice. “You need me!”
Obie leads him out of the main room and into a quiet hallway. Tony leans against the wall and folds his arms, waiting for him to speak.
He left Steve’s apartment at 9, sliding out of bed and kissing him long and hard before leaving. He hadn’t wanted to drag it out. He hadn’t been sure if he could
A few seconds later, he feels warm hands curving over his face, tilting his chin up and gently forcing their eyes to meet. Steve's cheeks are flushed, eyes so fucking
There are spare parts strewn across the bench, and Dum-e, a bot he made at MIT, is rolling around the room, occasionally bumping into him.
On the first December 16th with the Avengers, he takes his car and drives off for the day. It’s after the battle for New York, and if he doesn’t get
He shook his head.  "No. Let him choose.  This is important," he said.  "This is him getting better."
"...we will need you to sign documents stating that you understand and will adhere to these compromises," said Hawley, sliding a large folder over to Steve and Tony.
Tony reached out wearily and dragged a blanket over them.  "Send him up," he said. Tony, unlike Steve, was used to having lucid conversations while balls-deep in another person.  He looked down, saw Steve's expression, and rolled his eyes. "Fine... hold on..."
He glanced down, peeled up his tee and peeled down the waistband of his boxers, to stare at his stomach. It was ridiculous. There was a goddamn
Tony obeyed, wincing a little when he felt her tap the vein.  He didn't hate needles but he wasn't fond of them, either.
Despite being a random assortment of legal experts and lawyers the group had clearly become friends. There was a fondness between them. And it was quite impressive the way they had interacted so impressively during the call. It was team work at its best.
Steve sighed fondly. He set the trousers on the table on the workbench. "Just...don't do any more cocaine Tony. Please."
"Oh, hi, Steve!" he said, sounding bubbly.  "What is that, pizza? Thanks but no thanks, I'm not hungry.  I think I just made a breakthrough! Hey, for my birthday, I was thinking white tigers.  Can we get some of those guys? Or orange, honestly, orange would work. Are we still doing that June auction?  I just realized orchids and tigers both come in white, and orange. Can I borrow your shield? I wanna show you something cool.  Give me your shield."
He was trembling with emotion, Steve's body warm beneath him.  He shifted a little, just to cover more of him. He didn't know who these people were but he sure as hell wasn't going to let them anywhere near his omega.  They were insane if they thought there was even the slightest possibility of that.
Tony frowned.  Maybe he'd just call the number on the pamphlet and ask a few questions without attending.  That couldn't hurt. Besides, he had all day Saturday, since Steve was going to be hanging out with Clint, doing whatever omegas did together.
"Headed to the jet. Less than five minutes away," came Natasha's voice over the comms as Steve and Tony made their way through the first level.  They had seen no guards, presumably because most of the base was evacuating. "We'll come pick you up. What's your position?"
Gideon's expression twisted in confusion, like he didn't know how to comprehend the two-letter word.
"How about we go have a bath, yeah?" He asked gingerly. "Then you can call Pepper whilst I reheat the pancakes and make us coffee, and you can eat and drink as much as you think can manage. You only had one drink last night and I'm so proud you for it." The tone of Steve's voice proved he meant it. "Please don't make that all for nothing."
Steve let out a sigh of relief as he moved to sit on the hospital bed. "Tony needs looking at too," he protested and winced as the doctor poked at his shoulder which was bruising beautifully underneath his shirt. "I dislocated it against the wall," he told told her, "but then I clicked it back."
"Hang on." Steve stopped at the bottom of the stairway and made Tony pull on his hand. "Seriously.  Natasha mentioned the psychological warfare stuff before.  Were you listening in on our conversation?  Answer the question, Stark."
"No, he remarried after his first mate died.  We're monogamous.  ...would you like me to bandage that while we talk?"
do that to you. That was just..." The desperation in Tony's eyes. It almost had felt real. "Do you have feelings for him?" Pepper blurted out. "Well? Do you Tony?"
She tapped a photo smartly; Tony, aged 2, was sitting on his mother's knee with a large, brown stuffed rabbit with floppy ears.  One of the ears was in Tony's mouth.
Steve let out a breath of relief he hadn't known he'd been holding. The chip was in the watch they've given him, the one he always wore on his left wrist, so they could track him/Tony in case of a disaster.
The three of them exchanged confused, fearful glances.  "Please, sir, we have to finish making break--"
When Clint put the cloth on him it felt like heaven. He sighed and let his eyes slip shut. "Thanks," he croaked out. "Three days? Huh. Fun times," he said, trying to act unphased. Maybe the serum would speed it up. Maybe it would only be a day. He could hope...because it fucking killed.
. And as long as you're there next to me, then I think I'll be okay. Just never leave alone with any of the Alphas, right? I don't want to break any more noses.  Because if someone thinks they can grope Captain America they've got another thing coming. I think if I let that happen Dum-Dum would turn over in his grave."
He rolled off her.  He wasn't hard, she tasted wrong, she smelled like nothing.  "I can't," he said, flopping onto his back.
. Isn't that how it works? I'm confused. Has someone been lying to me?  These are my orchids, aren't they?"
He looked embarrassed, and Charlie began grinning.  "You wanted to take Captain America sight-seeing through Washington DC, didn't you?"
is wrong with you?" he demanded as Tony's suit climbed it its feet.  The pine cone bounced off the armor uselessly.
"Meddling kid," mumbled Tony under his breath.  He didn't want to talk to Steve. He wanted to get drunk and black out watching
"Have you been here before?" he asked Piper. She nodded, hands twisting behind her back. "What's it like?"
"Swollen," reported Dr. Martin, scribbling away in Tony's chart.  "But that's expected.  You're on track; it'll make a full recovery as long as you take it easy for the next week or two.  Hold still, we need to take your blood pressure."  One of the residents took his arm; he paused as he slid on the cuff.  "What are these?" he asked, touching a couple of small, circular scars on Tony's collarbone.
He had chosen the hotel completely at random. The buildings on the street were packed tightly together which meant he could travel miles via just rooftops. He would need an escape route.
Tony was still asleep when he got back to his hospital room. The last thing he could do was sleep right now so, gently, he picked up an unconscious Tony and tucked him into the bed before taking a seat in the chair across. Steve propped his feet up on the edge of the  mattress. He grabbed the newspaper and began to read, catching up on more of the news he'd missed. He wished he could have access to a phone or a tablet. Tony's phone (on the bedside table) was dead and Steve wasn't sure if he could ask one of the nurses to access a computer. He didn't want to put them in an awkward situation; he was sure Nick will have left strict instructions.
They got back to the hotel quite late. The suitcase from the night before was tucked under the bed for safe keeping, out of sight.
The moment Steve parked the car, Bucky got out and began looking around, scanning the cars.  There, perfect: a blue Ford Focus.
, then you're k-kidding yourself. The only thing killing Bucky will- will-" Steve struggled to speak as Gideon pressed down on his neck and he let out a strangled sort of gasping sound, convulsing a little. Steve's hands clenched and unclenched by his sides.
"I can't just tell him to meet you guys in the breakroom.  It'll draw every fucking guard in the place."
"It's not true, what they're saying, Steve. None of it." David said, fixing him a serious look and Steve swallowed down the last piece of bacon.
Maybe they were wrong, somehow, the doctors.  Maybe it wasn't what they thought.  Like with Barnes.  Maybe Steve was grossly mistaken and Barnes was dead and buried and not a threat to them.
he thought.  He made a mental note to call her, ask about how to best deal with things.  She's know, he was sure.  She was one of the most mentally healthy, capable people he knew.  Granted, as a beta, she didn't have any first-hand experience with bonding, but that was okay.  Tony still felt like she could help him out.
Tony looked down and drew a heart in the fog on his arc reactor, then looked up at Steve with a grin, watching him peel off his workout clothes.
Tony looked from Natasha to Steve, not really following.  His thoughts were racing, distracted.  There hadn't been time to trace the call but it was clearly a threat... there was no mistaking that for anything else... should he mention this to someone?  But what would he even say?  He had no evidence that Ivan was alive; everyone said he'd been killed in a prison riot.  They had found a body.  Even if they did believe Tony, then what?  Ivan's threat had been vague.  He'd given no details.  Simply promised to attack Tony again.  Except that, unlike in Monaco, Tony now had Steve.  The thought of Steve getting hurt after Tony fucking told the guy how to make a better arc reactor... a better weapon... God, he'd been so stupid...
Tony was still whining loudly.  He did not appreciate having his anniversary interrupted by business.  Even Aria and Pepper had been giving them space; why wouldn't Fury just leave them alone?  Besides, Tony loathed anything undercover, any missions he wasn't going to get acknowledged for.  Tony's style was loud and public and he expected to be cheered on afterwards. His was the exact opposite of Natasha's; Tony had made it evident that one of his major driving motivations was praise and attention.  Once that was removed, Tony became far less interested in whatever favor was asked of him.
Steve didn't move to comfort him. He just stood there, watching Bucky in distress. His hands flexed by his sides like he itched to move but he didn't. He just stood there.
Tony looked down at the grid of tiny Styrofoam bits on his leg and brushed them to the floor.  "It's not like I've been out partying since you left. I haven't been seeing anyone or throwing crazy parties or anything," he added, a bit defensively.  He needn't have bothered. It was obvious just by looking at him that he'd been doing nothing but binge-drinking and wallowing. "I missed you. I just... it's not
A shoulder flare went off and burst next to Tony's right ear, leaving it with a loud, insistent ringing that drowned out all other sounds.
Had Howard weaponized Steve? Not exactly. He was hardly harmless, and didn't need grenades stuck to him to ensure damage would be done. But men like Howard had dragged him off that stupid stage and pushed him out into a battlefield. Or rather, they'd given him the the opportunity. If Howard hadn't flown him over Italy, Steve would have never been able to rescue Bucky, or the Howling Commandos, or the rest of them. He'd been so terribly grateful to Howard for giving him the opportunity, like he owed him something despite Steve being the one who'd seriously risked his life. It had been late at night when everyone had settled down after the return.
...and then there was Ty.  No matter how much he liked having reunited with his old friend, Tony would never get over the creepy-crawly sensation that Ty's smell evoked.  At least Steve still had the gland, even if it was "confused" and had accepted another Alpha's bond. At least Steve was still whole.
worth it," Steve corrected himself.  "Meeting you, and being alive to fight today's fights.  Yeah.  It's all been worth it."
"...it was a lab accident.  That's all. Okay? Work-related.  That's it." Tony went back to rooting around in the fridge, perhaps a little more aggressively than before.
?" Steve shook his head to himself, running a hand over his face. "He was awful. Can I report him for that shit?"
"Why don't you try it on?" She gestured to the mirror. "Perhaps it'll be easier if Mr. Stark puts it on for you."
"Love you too," Steve whispered, finally managing to get his words out, his eyes glazed over with arousal and something more. "So much-
"He can't have two Alphas," said Tony to no one in particular.  Gleason didn't comment on this, opting instead to keep speaking with Steve.  He asked him about the potted plant Tony had brought down on his head, asking him to follow his finger with his eyes, shone a pen light into his eyes.  At the end, he declared that Steve, miraculously, didn't appear to have a concussion.
He flitted out of the way as the chopper rose and pointed south.  He rolled under it and flipped on to his back. The digital readout had changed, throwing up the cruising altitude and a line showing the horizon, giving the thing the feel of a flight simulator; a map popped up of the immediate area in the left corner, with a speed gauge below it.  When he flipped around, there was a brief red blinking as if the program was panicking; then it righted itself and the autopilot took over.
Tony pulled it, and just like that, the other man was merely a man, the cables merely long wires.  Tony's fist closed, crushing the reactor, and he staggered back, staring at the man lying on the pavement, spitting out blood.  Police and medics were swarming them.  Tony stood in the suit, wanting nothing more than to drop to his knees, but not daring, all too aware that the whole world was watching him.
"We can't keep all these orchids," said Tony after a moment, still staring at them.  He had no idea what they would do with all of them.  You couldn't just dump a thing like that in the trash.  Tony wasn't sentimental but he had to admit, there was a reason he couldn't stand the idea of letting any of the flowers die.  Tony's father's orchid had died shortly after Jarvis had, because Tony had no idea how to care for an orchid.  It had been in his father's study, which Tony hadn't peeked into until over a year after his death; when he finally checked the dusty, mausoleum-like room, the orchid had been shriveled up in its pot and had crumbled to dust when he'd touched the crisp black leaves.  Tony had felt horrified; Jarvis had been tending the damn thing for decades and he'd completely forgotten about it.  At the time, he had consoled himself by thinking that at least it was only a houseplant and not a fish or a cat or something.  But now, knowing what it had meant, he felt guilty all over again.
It struck a nerve with Steve, hurt shining in his eyes... almost like he'd been through this with someone before.
"Take a personal day. I'm serious.  I'm not accepting your resignation.  You can resign in July, if you still feel like it, but you're doing a great job, and everything's gonna stabilize
to bitch that we need to be more independent, and treated better... the guy's huge.  He can defend himself.  Does he even have heats?  The reality for most omegas is, we
Natasha gave no indication that she had heard him; she was driving over the speed limit but her eyes kept looking at Steve's in the rearview mirror.  "Ты уверен, что не спала с ним?" she asked with a smirk, catching Steve's gaze. Steve rolled his eyes in answer and Natasha laughed. It was an almost unnerving sound and she took the next turn a little sharper than she had to. She was enjoying herself, that much was evident.
. None of you has been through what Steve had.  Not during the war, but before it.  Steve grew up in a time when omegas weren't even considered people, and he grew up sick and poor with no hope for the future.  How dare you act like he doesn't understand or that your lots are worse than his.  I bet you guys all think you've got it hard, but I've seen your goddamn iPhones.  Especially you Eight! Why the hell buy an iPhone
"I'm not going to ask if you're sure it was him, because he was your mate Steve. I'm giving you the benefit of the doubt; I trust you on this. I just want to say...I'm so,
"What, you gonna throw me through another wall?  Talk to me, man.  What's been eating at your lately?  This whole lone gunslinger, every-man-for-himself situation- it's not working for you.  I'm here as your friend.  Not as a liaison or a government puppet.  I'm here 'cause I still care about you, even though, lately, you've been a real pain in my ass. I want to help, Tony."
Tony let himself be led into the diplomatic reception room.  Now that he was in, he was checking his watch instead of his phone.  He grabbed a martini as quickly as he could.  It was a small affair, less than thirty people: a couple key politicians (he spotted Senator Ross and cringed, then spotted Senator Stern and cringed harder) and a couple leaders from various organizations (the leader of WORC, the World Omega Rights' Council, was there).  Steve's absence was glaring.  Tony pretended it was normal.
"You're kidding me.  After the party and the way you've been acting all week, you expect him to hand you that suit back?"
Tony scoffed.  "Lemme guess.  You secretly knew him too, right, Laura Croft?   My God, no wonder he didn't have time for me, he had this whole secret SHIELD family to nurture... Which brings me back to the question about how you guys deal with your cycles... "
Tony couldn't quite believe how excited Donner was.  Shouldn't he be upset? That kid could have been mated by probably a half-dozen different Alphas, yet Donner seemed nothing but happy about the news.  Even Dr. Gleason seemed a little surprised by the positive reaction.
"If you'd just let me speak to him, Rogers, this could all have been avoided," said Gideon, who still sounded half-asleep.  "You're the one meddling in his life... I paid a fair amount for him, he belongs to me, not you. Now, honestly, let me go back to bed.  Unlike you, I'm not having my house searched."
Tony was up in an instant, flinging himself out of the way as one of the cables came down where he'd been been lying.  In an instant, the whole car was up in flames, a fireball erupting behind Tony.
Natasha didn't bother asking Tony to get a grip; he was clearly incapacitated.  He was on his hands and knees, head hung, spitting quietly on the concrete floor.  He was in the midst of a relatively quiet but nonetheless devastating flashback.
"Oh I'm so sorry. We've clearly not been doing it enough," Steve hummed dryly, raising a brow at Tony as he finished the last of his salmon sandwich. He knew he wasn't the most clued up on sex but Steve was aware that heand Tony did it a lot. They had a super serum libido to contend with. Especially in the months where Steve had been growing an immunity to heat inducers; that had been
Ah-ha.  Tony suddenly realized what his parents were thinking.  It had nothing to do with this guy being male, and everything to do with him being a breeder.
it.  It was unnatural and obnoxious on him.  But it fit Gene perfectly. Gene had a faintest hint of a very posh south accent and Tony would not have been surprised if he was from Carolina "old money," or the son of a Texas oil baron.
Steve listened to Tony quietly, his throat welling up a little. A family? Friends? Sure he had Natasha and Clint but that was where it stopped. The fact that Tony was being so sweet was a big comfort. His chest ached with some strange kind of relief. He wasn't alone. He wasn't in danger here. He had no war to fight. It was all okay. And Tony was okay. Better than that. He felt
Steve was horrified but he tried not to show it. Not at what they were going to make Bucky do, but at how calm he seemed about it. How accepting. How could he just accept hurting Steve like this?
Tony laughs loudly, and the tour guide glares at them both. His jaw clicks shut, and Rhodey looks like he’s barely keeping it together.  Five minutes late, their guide calls a lunch break, and there’s a scramble for the doors.
“No.” Steve  says instead, an embarrassed smile ghosting his lips. “I mean, I used to be able to. I can a bit, probably. But then I sort of started fighting Nazis, and dancing was uh… less of a priority.”
“What Steve?” Tony sounds tired, resigned, like he knows this conversation is coming, like he knows what Steve is about to say.
“Sure,” Steve says, but he can’t shake a knot of nerves in his stomach. “Want me to bring a hangover cure or something?”
The rest of the evening goes quickly, and when they leave, Howard pays in cash, and its showy and loud and the exact opposite of what Tony does when he goes out. He paid by card when he took Steve out for dinner. With his father and Obadiah, it’s always cash. Always a show.
Tony pulls it out of his pocket anyway, glancing at the caller ID. A mix of emotions flash across his face, but Steve can see the rage loud and clear, burning through everything else, burning through the blissful joy. Suddenly, Steve knows
He laughs quietly. “What’s the point of having all this money if I can’t spend it on someone I’m interested in?”
“Tony.” He resists the urge to swallow as Tony turns his full attention on him. The intensity of his gaze is still there, the raging emotions and anger still linger. Being directly under his eyes right now is a little terrifying, but Steve ignores it, hands reaching up to cup his face. “Listen to me. He killed them, I know. He’s an awful person, but he’s not going to hurt anyone again if we do this. If you leave it, he’s going to come after you, because you’re a threat to him. He’s running scared.”
“Anyway.” Natasha says quickly, shattering the tension before it can build anymore. “They're back, no point playing a blame game now. Focus is on how to stop them.”
“That’s a lot of coffee,” he says under his breath, beginning to make it. Tony shrugs, smirk widening.
talk about his job at SHIELD, or the fact that he secretly runs a billion dollar company under a name that he hasn’t used for his entire life.
As he reaches the end of the road, he realises there’s someone behind him. And it’s fine, it doesn’t matter, but all he can hear is Tony’s voice.
“You could have sent that through Pepper.” Tony near snarls, and Steve resists the urge to shove Obadiah out of the door.
Final note before I shut up: a disclaimer about my editing. There sort of isn't a process, so if you see any mistakes or grammar errors or tense errors etc etc etc just ignore them and don't judge me too much :)
He doesn’t bother with a coat, just taking a hoodie and walking out. He could call Happy, he probably
He doesn’t know how Howard knows, because it could have been anything. It could have been Obie, someone at the art gallery, someone from the press, anyone who’s been near him in the last month. It doesn’t fucking
Ty laughs, and Steve’s skin crawls as he reaches out and brushes a strand of hair out of Tony’s face. Tony jerks his head away, eyes fluttering shut again, and Steve’s stomach lurches.
"Where do we meet?" he asked finally.  He felt his misunderstanding of orders was forgivable; if Steve meant for them to be separated then he should give the soldier a rendezvous point.  Furthermore, he wasn't sure how Steve expected to strike out on his own. He was limping, shaking with hunger and exhaustion... he was in no condition to do anything.
Steve sighed down at his plate. "They shouldn't have stuff from...Afghanistan in the test Tony," he assured him quietly. "It's seen as a field risk for omegas, not so much Alphas. But there
Steve frowned at being told off. "I'm sorry I'm not really at my best right now." Logically, yes. He did know that.  But right now he was in heat and couldn't make the make mental jump between stopping Tony  from being too hands on, and not touching his hands. The first option had been the priority.  Besides, Tony hadn't reacted, initially.
"Well, apparently he enjoys annoying me," Steve grumbled, clearly not happy at DeSoto loitering around. Their room was supposed to be their refuge from conference life; now they had nothing. Nowhere. "Tell him you don't want him and
Tony admired her.  That was some incredible diplomacy, right there.  Simultaneously giving in to Tony while also refusing to let him boss around what was hers.  Tony was impressed.
Steve finished the final slice of his pizza little sheepishly, smiling despite himself as he licked tomato sauce off of his fingers.
Steve sent Sam an apology text canceling their plans to go running, then moved to change into his (now usual) jeans, tee and jacket. Tony was dead asleep as he left but he did leave a note on the bedside.
Steve slipped into the walk in wardrobe and changed into clothes that were soft enough to sleep in. Then he reappeared and immediately went to refill a glass from the bedside full of water.
It felt good to just say it. Because the press probably wouldn't believe him anyway. Or the therapist.
"Eric's a guy I met at the conference.  He's bonded to a girl named Piper. And I'll bet anything he purchased her... she's like seventeen and it sounds like she was sixteen when they bonded."
"...not in the violent sense.  He certainly groped him often."  Fury got a distant look. "One time, me and Howard had been drinking together, and he said to me... you know why they chose Steve?"
"Where's the key?  Never mind, Steve, take room five, and I'll take three, and we gotta radio Judy--"
There was so much more he wanted to say.  That his "first" and "third" Alpha were the same person.  That his first Alpha had
"Thank you Steve. That's very kind of you," he said, clearling his throat as he took them through a corner far more smoothly than he had the last.
"I'm going to be a paleontologist when I grow up," said Cooper.  He considered for a moment, then added, "Or maybe a fireman. I don't know yet.  Maybe I can be a fireman on weekends. Anyways, these are my Pokemon cards." Steve was suddenly handed a binder.  Lila had commandeered the plastic dinosaur and was gnawing on its head, drooling copiously down her dress and Steve's shirt.
"Send us a bill for the... rock," Steve finished awkwardly and stood. "And I'm sorry- Tony can be a jerk." The girl actually laughed a little through her tears at that, throwing her head back as she did so. For some strange reason that made Steve feel a whole lot better.
for what went down at the Expo.  We talked to Ellis directly and I don't think we're in any trouble..."
Obadiah Stane and Margaret Carter had been named Tony's godparents, an honorary title, considering that Howard Stark was a firm agnostic and that Obadiah was Jewish.  Tony had seen quite a bit of her in his childhood but that was ages ago. In fact, they hadn't talked much, hardly at all, since Tony's parents had died. He had done his best not to mention this because he could recall with some mortification asking to hear stories of Captain America when he was little boy and the thought of Steve knowing about that was fucking embarrassing.  He knew Steve was close to her but he was pretty sure they only reminisced about the past together. Tony hadn't felt there was any reason to tell him that Peggy-- Aunt Carter--
"He's in custody," conceded Fury, folding his hands.  "...but you didn't know he was a mole when you detained him."
He was floating. It always felt like he was floating. Would sex always be this good or was it limited to their honeymoon period? Steve sincerely hoped it wasn't. When Tony pressed inside of him his body sang and trembled. It felt
"So if you inherit the LMG-2 gene, you can have a beta allele but still be an Alpha or an omega.  You're basically a carrier.  Otherwise, most Alphas and omegas are homozygous.  It's a recessive trait, hence the lower number in the population compared to betas."
It was clear that Tony wasn't in the mood for talking, or people in general. Pepper made light conversation with Steve on the plane, showing him some new interview opportunities. Then, to past the time she put on an a few episodes of one of her favorite shows, something called
Oh, God.  He'd just let the entire world know that he was bonded to Steve.  That Steve was the most important thing in the world to him.
He didn't move.  The snow was drifting down around them but he didn't dare get up.  The word confused him. It was like catching a whiff of some unidentifiable and yet incredibly familiar smell.  He liked that word. He liked the way the omega said it.
"Noooo..." whined Tony softly, already curling up into the seat.  He fell asleep within moments, leaving Steve alone with the radio.  By the time they got home, Tony had apparently forgotten all about his plans for the evening.  He growled weakly when Steve tried to wake him up.  "Carry me," he mumbled, throwing his arms around Steve's neck.
"Yeah.  Lemme talk to them, then we can go backstage and take a breather," Tony murmured  back.  He reached up to brush Steve's hair, his brow furrowed, fussing over Steve's appearance.
Tony gazed coolly at the McLaren.  "Oh, that?  V8 engine, nine hundred horsepower.  Not bad, huh?" said Tony, a little more confidently.  "It's kind of Steve's now, actually."  He glanced anxiously at Steve.  He was desperate to get into the car together and confirm that, yes, Steve still wanted him.  Steve's thumb kept running soothingly over his knuckles, but he had to hear it.  And he was starting to get the shakes and a splitting headache that he knew only alcohol would cure.  "You wanna race to the restaurant?"
