“Hey, it’s okay, what is it?”  Steve asked genuinely concerned.
Steve smiled.
Iron Man's response was to lock on to the nearest thirty birds and shoot them down. "163." He replied haughtily.
He smiled brightly at her and she giggled shyly hiding herself behind the drawing. Steve found himself almost equally as shy to respond to her. He immediately cursed himself for acting so nervous around his own daughter.
"How does ripping the souls away from billions of innocent people help with that?"
"We need to regroup!" Barnes called out. "Did everybody make it out of that blast?"
“We all decided that! We all agreed that in the end it would be for the best. So we kept it all from you. That way we could protect you for as long as we could.”
“Hey, at least I don’t have an entire twenty channels on YouTube dedicated to my, oh so mature and sophisticated public appearances.” Barton retorted.
Tony stood there a bit lost, not quite sure what to do next. The code was rendering beautifully and Barnes had an arm, a prototype maybe but the first battle ready one will be completed in mere hours. After that, it was just a bit of tweaking and fine-tuning.
She turned and gave Ellie a proud and wistful smile when the child began to discuss her Rocky drawings and suddenly for a moment he could clearly picture her playing the piano with a small brown haired boy.
Another shot rang out and a bullet glanced off of his shield. Eek! He was supposed to keep moving! He had to get off the roofs.
“Aren’t we all?” Tony shrugged.
The soldier complied without a word.
Tony had a look of utter betrayal on his face. He was completely shocked to learn that his A.I. had adopted his cheeky attitude and used it against him. He was about to admonish Jarvis before he heard the sound of someone desperately trying to suppress a laugh.
Steve and Ellie disembarked and began walking in the direction to Francesca's. Steve spotted the store in no time and began to quicken his stride in that direction. Because of his brisk pace, the sudden and unexpected yank on his hand almost made him hit the floor. He had managed to catch himself before he face planted just in the nick of time.
“Yeah, Sweetie I’m coming.” He said standing up.
"Yes, I do. I want to know exactly how deep you were in all this."
He stood stiffly not knowing how to proceed.
Dr. Jean Grey walked in suddenly.
Damn.
“You’re a freaking jerk.” Steve whispered.
“Will do, Sir.”
Steve smiled wistfully, he definitely kept some of that stupid.
She stopped for a moment and looked at Tony.
“You know Cap; the way you took control like that was totally sexy. I might be little turned on right now.” Tony smirked wickedly at Steve as he winked at the poor the Captain.
Tony was still laying on the floor nursing his drink when Pepper found him nearly an hour later. She strided right up to him and looked down on him with a fierce frown. He looked up at her and tried not to wince, she was furious.
Steve pressed his hand over Tony’s as he cupped his face.  They began to leaned in closer to each other.  Steve came alive at the thought of being able to kiss Tony again, even though he was still mad as hell at the man.  Just as their lips barely brushed, Tony got an alert.
“How would keeping me in the dark about this help!?”
He smiled at her enthusiasm. At least it must have tasted better than it looked. Speaking of looks, Steve stared down at his own plate of food and sighed dismally. It's definitely better than some of the questionable things he had eaten in the past.
He could not for the life of him stop thinking about Bucky. It was awful. He thought he had moved on to an extent. To him it had been only a few years since his death. He thought the loss of his mother was painful, but losing Bucky had been unbearable. For most of his life Bucky had been the one absolute constant, through the good times and the bad.
I spent a multitude of years on that dead planet alone morning my loss and my transgressions. I spent years more searching for a way to turn back time or to somehow undo what I had done. What I found instead was a truth, a lesson.
Steve thought about how the man had appeared suddenly and disappeared just as suddenly. Since the man didn't know the year Steve idly thought if the man was a time traveler.
Tony desperately wanted to respond with 'who the fuck put you in charge, asshole?' But remembered, with petulance, that he himself was the one who fucking put him in charge.
“Like something Mr. Stark would make?” She asked wonderingly.
He pressed his palms firmly over his eyes and tangled his fingers into his dark hair. What were they going to do now?? They really needed to, at the very least, complete the soldier’s medical analysis without him breaking out into a homicidal rage. Why is the universe so hell-bent to be against them!?
That one statement was probably the most open and painfully genuine thing he’s ever said to anybody. Bucky was taken aback by Tony’s sincerity and unconcealed vulnerability.
Tony’s expression morphed into a severe glare as the helmet snapped shut and he lunged.
Bucky sighed and relented.
“Fine, just listen then.” Wow, he was actually doing this. “I’m not going to lie, the last couple of weeks have been a special kind of hell. And somehow you seem to be centered in a lot of it.” Tony stated pointedly. He was floored when the soldier turned away contrite. “Yeah, so any way, no hard feelings.” The genius said finally.
"The thing is, Steve left such a huge hole it's impossible to fill, and what the world needs right now isn't a broken man hiding in a suit of armor or a deep cover derelict super soldier…" He said as he walked some distance away and opened a large stainless-steel briefcase.
Tony could perceive the terrifying smirk in her voice. Like he said before, when Thor arrived things were going to get lit.
“Howard?? Engaged?!” He nearly shouted in bafflement.
What??
And even more twisted and vile was Tony’s involvement in the whole disgusting thing. He could still feel Iron Man’s vicious grip on his neck under the cold steel of the restraining collar. Tony held him down and prevented him from reaching Bucky and… and… then…
He may not have been in control of his suit but he was in control of this. He refused to be trapped any longer and do this nut cases bidding. He refused to be the reason that more innocent people died. He refused to watch as his own hands killed his friends.
“No, no, no, shit!” Tony uttered frantically.
“I’ll explain later but we gotta keep moving.”
A/N: Woot, I’m glad that one’s over now. How did you all like it? Sorry to say but updates are going to be pretty much when I get around to it. Sorry. I tried to do the whole update weekly thing but work demands my time more. Sad face.
This was originally posted on ff.net under the same name.
Crap!
“Wow, Ellie you are incredibly talented.” He said as he began viewing a few landscapes she had pinned to the wall.
Chapter 10: I Was There
“You are only seeing what I am allowing you to see. It is true that a piece of the data you have is accurate enough to perceive me, only because I allow it.” She stressed making eye contact with Tony.
“That might be a good idea.” He agreed before going silent.
He looked at her questioningly, completely lost.
"You can come see her now." She said sweetly.
“Here, it’s not the coffee from “Perky” (the semi sentient coffee maker in the common room of the tower) but it’ll do the job.”  He handed one to Steve who nodded in thanks then proceeded to take a test sip.
He nodded in resignation.
After seeing how easily the decrepit thing died Tony pulled himself together. In one fluid motion, Iron Man grabbed the shield and threw it back at Barnes then turned and shot repulser beams at the Rhododendron. Tony growled as the pink bastard squealed and lept from his perch just narrowly missing the beam and scrambled away as Iron Man unleashed his arsenal upon him.
They should know him well enough to know that he wasn’t going to stop looking for Bucky, that nothing was going to stop him from looking. Now all he had to do was figure out an escape.
“Ah you, the walking contradiction. I was wondering when you would finally speak to me.” She smirked wickedly at him. Her look was the very embodiment of a cunning fox bearing its teeth.
Tony sighed heavily. "I was afraid of that."
Bruce looked about the room. Clint and Natasha were talking in hushed voices near their seats. Tony was teasing Steve about something. The poor Captain was getting that look on his face. Fury was at the front of the room developing a sever eye twitch as he watched the occupants of the room. Coulson had just walked in and looked like he wanted to develop the same eye twitch as Fury. Looks like there was only one person left to arrive.
“Oh Fuck! I am on this shit!” Tony replied so beautifully yet again. He inputted the woman’s face into his algorithm.
She leaned in and gave him a kiss before positioning herself behind him to rub his back.
Bucky almost winced at the deeply earnest expression on Steve’s face and the desperation in his voice. He cannot for the life of him deny his best friend his last wishes.
Suddenly, he sensed her breathing pick up speed and her grip on his arm became painful. Then she emitted a bloodcurdling scream that turned his own blood to ice. Then he saw her large belly convulse, almost violently.
“No, you couldn’t. I know because you did everything you could.”
This man was his equal. It was almost exhilarating. Steve was slightly faster as the soldier was slightly stronger. Even under these severe conditions Steve found something beautiful in the way they moved. He kept trying to gain eye contact. That was where the familiarity originated. If he can only sustain a glance but the soldier moved too fast, he quickly pulled out a knife and was trying to kill him.
“Widow, stay with the jet annihilate what you can, also look for heat signatures of anyone left behind.”
Tony quickly ran numerous calculations over in his head considering time, resources and environment. He finally looked up at Barnes.
Our soldier huffed in misery before taking a deep breath as best he could and sprinting to the elevator all the while evading rapid gunfire. The doors started closing before Bucky could even reach the elevator. His eyes widened when he realized there was a good chance he wasn’t going to make it. He forced his body to lunge the last several feet and managed to rapidly squeeze through the gap just before the doors closed completely, almost catching a few wisps of his hair. He collided hard with the wall of the elevator as it began to ascend. The impact had nearly knocked the air out of him. When he caught his breath enough he turned to Tony instantly.
Why!?
Deep, deep down Tony loves Steve’s reassuring speeches but of course would be damned to allow anyone to know.  So he immediately pretended to fall asleep and start snoring as Steve was finishing up his speech.
“I’ve been keeping tabs on you for weeks now, Tony. I know there’s something up with you and it doesn’t have to all do with this case.”
"Well, the first time you talked to him, you came out of it and manufactured fourteen arms, twenty-three iron legion prototypes, eight suits and completed 164 of these little doohickeys here." He gestured to the stack of completed devices.
But then I decided that my story was more realistic and relevant to my readers (to a certain extent). As long as at least one of you takes something away from the lessons learned in this story, then I am happy.
‘No!!’ His mind screamed.
Before any could reply or demand an explanation the screen went dark and Thor was gone.  They stood in deafening silence.  So Thor may know what is happening but if he’s right then there would be no way to help the victims?  No, it cannot end like that.
Steve could almost feel the tears began to well up in his eyes as he stared down at her deeply pouty face. Her bottom lip was jutted out and had begun to quiver. Her eyes were open impossibly wide and were on the verge of alligator tears. He could just make out the faintest whimper.
“You don’t look so hot.” Tony remarked.
Bruce smirked and Steve looked at Tony confusedly obviously missing yet another reference.
'But why is it important?'
"None of that, Dumbass! You hear me? You do not get to give up, now! We are all going to keep fighting to the last possible second!" Barnes shouted at him from about two hundred meters away where he had been fighting off a group of doom bots that now lay dead at his feet.
“Jesus Tony, you’re such a whiny drama queen! Newsflash, we all lost somebody we love to Calamity! All of us did! And the only reason I’m not choking you out right now is because you’re the only one who can save them!” Clint grabbed Tony up by the collar of his shirt to yank him up to eye level. “So you don’t get to bitch about Steve and if you really did want to know why he left then you would be asking the one person on this entire planet who would know!”
All of the sudden Tony heard scuffling and groaning. When his body was moved to face the Rhododendron and his goons he saw that one had been taken out. When his body stopped moving he realized the source. Clint was out of hiding and using his bow to launch rocks and rubble at the group. He had successfully knocked out one of them while they were distracted watching their new toy.
"Yay!" She screamed as she bolted upstairs.
Tony blinked a moment a little lost.
He tried the best he could to regain his bearings. He looked around him, quickly realizing he was in fact still in New York lying in the middle of the crater the blackhole created.
Hank looked to the Professor for guidance.  He was not completely sure how to handle the situation but then he figured maybe a sedation dart would do the trick.  The when Hank truly did look at the Professor he found that he was in absolute deep concentration straining with all his might to achieve something.
Tony outwardly groaned, Steve stiffened and subtly reached for his gun, Natasha and Clint took battle ready positions, and Bruce was trying to ignore the Hulk scratching at his consciousness resulting in the cause of the drastic mood change.
A full cybernetic prosthetic arm had similarities in design to his Iron Man armor. It really wouldn’t be too hard to use the attributes and physics he learned creating his own armor to create a full arm. Barnes had expressed that full mobility, precision in dexterity, and durability took absolute precedence over any special bells and whistles and weaponization Tony so badly wanted to install. They can come up with something super fancy later.
That containment field should last fifteen minutes in a state of constant assault. After the fuzz buzz incident, he created this particular containment field to help aid them should something like that happen again. This seems the perfect time to try it out.
"You wish to give me a nickname based on the similarity in hers and my name?" She asked surprisingly astonished.
I was no stranger to death, I had spent a fair amount of time closely observing the flora and fauna of the world before encountering her. I was entirely familiar with the laws of nature at that point, yet I truly could not comprehend what I had just witnessed.
Tony shook his head. "I've got one last thing to do."
Steve chuckled softly to himself and replied,
“What do you want Tony?”  He asked setting his palette aside and dropping the brush into the water jar.
“I didn’t know! I didn’t know it was happening. I put a stop to it the first moment I could!” He defended.
Calamity reveals all.
“Got enough coffee with your sugar there?” The genius piped up.
*~0~*
“Yes, that is it.” Calamity encouraged.
"…Uh."
Steve smiled at her again and held out his arms. He felt immensely awkward doing so but the awkwardness melted away instantly the moment the child was wrapped deeply in his arms. Her face was buried in the junction of his neck and shoulders.
“Look, I know you’re angry and you have every right to be…” He began.
Maybe, just maybe, he could have this.
Fuck!
"Mmhmm." She hummed licking her ice cream. "Just keep walking that way. I'll point it out." She said finally.
The woman smirked now holding the gun that was once in the Boss’s holster.
A lot of people were going to live now. That's the most important thing.
The cracks around them began to spread and widen. The sound of breaking glass was deafening.
“Ah, you’re quite right my friend.” He grinned back. “But it still does not stop my imagination from seeking such solace. Ah…” Thor replied with a faraway look.
Breakfast this time consisted of oatmeal, eggs and toast. They had sat down for breakfast much earlier than usual but everybody was awake and Peggy needed to leave early, so it worked out fine.
The Key is found and Bucky gets an arm.
“Ah! Fuck you! That was a cheap shot!” He growled at Tony, holding onto his tender shoulder but still made his way obediently to the chair and plopped down heavily.
A/N: Wow, the end is nigh. Have no fear there is still so much of this adventure to experience. Catch you all on the flipside.
“Gah, your information is incomplete.” She sighed and moved away from Steve minutely.
Tony almost jumped right out of his skin. Before he could even respond the soldier had already exited the elevator. Tony flinched when he heard gunshots go off but relaxed a bit when he heard the agents scream and groan in pain. Tony took out his phone and used it to commandeer the control panel. He had to do what he could to help Jarvis get back in the system.
A/N: And welcome back everyone! Sorry it took so long for me to get this out, Endgame fucked me up in more ways than one (see authors note at the end for explanation). But I’m back and ready to finish this!
Just as Fury looked at his devise Xavier emitted a soft, “My God…” At that moment the helicarrier's red alert alarms started to howl.
“Why, is it better hiding?” Asked Pietro.
Soon enough the chamber filled with water entirely and the portal was opened.
Steve just shook his head. He can figure something out, he just had to.
Tony regarded him with awe. To be perfectly honest, Tony was not expecting a complement. “Thanks, I think.” He smiled.
He grabbed his stomach and crumpled in pain.
“I was so worried!”  Tony spoke, his words muffled in Steve’s neck.
To Steve the source was unmistakable.
He took another look around and saw an umbrella. He ripped the rubber off and made sure none of the metal components remained on it before swaddling the infant with it.
Tony hummed in agreement. ‘Yeah, paved path.’ He thought sarcastically. “More like haunted treacherous volcano cliff of doom.” He muttered.
Tony snapped out of his BARF induced catatonia and screamed. He bolted from the stool he was sitting upon and ripped the technical hardware from his face and threw it across the room. He began hyperventilating, completely unable to control his tumultuous emotions. He grabbed at his head and tried his hardest to suppress his erratic thoughts of painful despair.
“You came.” He did not know whether or not to cheer or berate himself more.
Eventually, Steve and Ellie ordered a large sundae to split, with extra sprinkles of course. She giggled happily as they took a window seat and sat down to wait on the ice cream. He couldn’t help but to stare at her, taking in her features again.
“Well, I’ll leave you two to it.” She winked again then turned away. “If you need anything, sugar, don’t be afraid to holler.” She smiled and turned to greet another customer.
Johnny’s eyebrows shot up in surprise but didn’t protest. The children found that exciting an awesome.
“Where am I?” Steve demanded coldly.
“Yep, the monitor gave us a relatively clear view of her face. As you can see he looked right at her and then 69 seconds later…BAM, lights out.” Clint finished victoriously.
Throw left hook.
“During the fall of the 66
Anything to stop the pain, both in his head and in his heart.
Steve shifted a little in his arms.
“Okay.” He clapped his hands together to focus.
“Then forget about Steve and crack that code!” Barton shouted back. He turned abruptly and began to stomp to the door with purpose. Before he exited he left Tony with a warning. “Don’t… don’t make me come back here. I’m warning you Tony. We all have people on the line here.” And with that he was gone.
Peggy fought the urge to roll her eyes and instead smiled affectionately. “Don’t worry, I’ll write it down for you.” She said as she began to make her way downstairs.
“Forgive me. I underestimated the work Calamity left for you. I truly did not comprehend the level of enormity and complexity you were working with.” She explained in contrition.
“Indeed, Sir.”
“As far as they know they succeeded.  Soon you will be receiving reports that I’m dead.  I expect you at my funeral.”
Chapter Four: The Kids Are Alright
“Oh? Would it give Steve a run for his money?” Bucky asked in faux seriousness.
“That might actually be up for debate depending on who you talk to. But I’m going to go with a definitely not.” Tony smirked hopping out of the chair.
“Mr. Stark, I assume you will be using your own methods to search out anything on this woman?”
“Essentially. Ironically, I had developed the technology to do it months ago before any of this even began. Bi-Neuraly Augmented Retro-Framing.” Tony answered tiredly.
She looked up at him, her face was full of remorse.
“If I could sit down with you professor and have you describe to me with as much accuracy and detail as possible the energy wavelengths then I could create a devise that could reverse the effects and I would even conceivably be able to track E.T.” He said smoothly looking back down at his phone.
Had it?
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony gaped at him disbelievingly.
“Steve, you crashed the Valkyrie into the Arctic and saved the world only weeks after I fell. There was nothing you could do.”
“Yeah, he was Ellie. He was very smart.”
“No, whatever pain she has in store for you isn’t the kind you can just shrug off, it’s the kind that will rip you apart, the kind you can’t come back from.” Bucky tried to convey desperately.
Steve walked out of the toy store with a heavy heart and a considerable dent in his wallet. He sighed heavily knowing he was going to get an earful later when Peggy found out. But he decided that the look of pure joy on Ellie's face was well worth it.
Tony did some digging, everyone waited with baited breath eager to know what he found. Which leads us to where we are now.
"Don't we have to go to the grocers next?" She asked absently as she adjusted the doll's hair.
"Yes, it is true. You had warned me not to underestimate him, yet that is precisely what I did. The test I laid out for him, though passable, was perfectly designed to use his bullheaded stubbornness and ego against him. It was the one thing I could not overcome when calculating which of you I could get to say yes. Yet, in the end, ultimately, he yielded."
Tony wanted to reach out and choke her and Steve sighed in relief.
"Uh…" Tony glanced down at his legs still bound in his dead armor. He had Jarvis send a new one his way before he severed the connection with his A.I. It should have been there by now…
Steve smiled.
"That's a phone?"
“Come on let’s get you tucked in.” Steve said tiredly as he yanked the blankets out from under Tony flopping him into the floor.
Johnny saw them and quickly made to cover them in their escape. Steve didn’t stop running until he was sure they were a good distance away. When he stopped his heart leapt for joy as he looked at the sky. His back up team was just arriving, IronMan and War Machine were up in the air taking over for Johnny. The X-jet flew over head with reinforcements heading to the factory.
The situation was looking pretty hairy. Von Doom had created a nearly impenetrable barrier using his new doom bots. Steve quickly assessed the situation.
"I need to be able to infiltrate all five systems at the same time. Then I'll slowly force them to stabilize the gravitational field back into relative spatial wavelengths."
“This is why I broke you out. It has to be you. Don’t you see? Steve has his talents, some natural and some enhanced from the serum. But all inspired by you! It was because of you that he aimed to be the kind of man he is. You inspired him to achieve greatness. Many of the great things he had managed to accomplish through his life was because of you! As much as it seriously pains me to admit it you are more capable of leading this team than I am.” Tony declared through gritted his teeth.
Steve took her criticism good-naturedly, regardless.
Johnny told Steve about pies long passed from their mother and how Sue could never bake a proper pie, like he could get any closer anyway.
Steve was nearly behind the guy now.  The man was too busy gloating, he did not realize the Captains presence.  Before the deranged man could continue his tirade, Steve swiftly came up behind the guy and rammed a shield into the back of his head.  He was out with a light.  He dropped limply to the grated floor of the rafters.
Move the fuck away from that metal arm.
It took everything he had not to drop the L-Bomb. He berated himself because that was kind of supposed to be the goal of the evening. But he didn’t want to unload all of that on Steve. Not just yet. Steve still has recovering to do and they still had some time. Not much, he knew, but some.
‘Don’t leave me! Don’t leave me!’ Was his broken mantra.
“I don’t get what’s so funny.” Clint said as he eyed the people in the room. He was starting to feel a bit scandalized by apparently being left out of something funny.
That bastard rabbit could do it with his suit and all the things the suit had access to. The look of fear on his friends faces, as the suit closed in on them, further cemented his decision. There was no other option. He had created safeguards, firewalls and protocols alike to ensure this could not happen. Yet, they all failed like a horrible nightmare come true. All because of that ridiculous radar gun on steroids.
“Yeah!? You’re no better!” Steve countered.
Steve only blinked, unable to understand where Tony’s head is right now.
It was over.
“I made several more adjustments to it after collecting data from the last time.” Tony remarked. “Now it will transition into effectiveness much more gradually. Personally, I like the idea of being able to turn pain off like a switch but for you, however, a much more subtle shift is needed.”
“It was a photo of Coney Island.” He smiled sadly.
“Yes sweetie?” He replied while tucking a lock of her hair out of her face behind her ear.
They had finished calibrating the painkilling device, completed a full body scan and had somehow miraculously succeeded in the first step of getting Barnes combat ready, they had removed all of Hydra’s old hardware. Everything from the bone anchoring mechanisms in his shoulder to the neuro-cybernetic microchips implanted in his spinal cord at the base of his skull.
What is Calamity truly planning?
"Yeah, I know this sounds weird but I've been dreaming of you. It wasn't till yesterday that I could remember what you looked like."
“But,” official number one started, looking sideways at official number two. “If you really think you could get out of 86 what happened to Captain Rogers then I think we can work something out.”
“That doesn’t matter anymore,” Steve spoke.  “There is no way to stop her from using the keystone.”  Steve stated matter of factly which served to confuse the hell out of him when many displayed an all new level of misery in horror.
“And yeah, it sucks that… That I didn’t die like I should have and became…” His voice broke as he minutely gestured to his metal arm. “But look at us now! The world’s ending and you’re being forced to play a significant role in that and because of everything that has happened I get to be here now when you need me the most.”
The dark hazy fog was finally lifted from his mind and Steve was cast into the black empty void. It felt like he was falling and floating all at once.
“That is a beautiful mess.” He commented dryly on the code displayed.
She backed away nervously as he approached her.
“DAMN IT!!” She wailed followed by a long suffering sigh.
“Bucky!!” He called out suddenly as he struggled to lift himself from the bed.
“Well, I see you’ve develop your dexterity at an alarmingly fast pace.” Tony observed dryly.
“But everybody is here and fine.”  Bruce said from behind a stack of papers.
Steve removed his hands from the dough and wiped them on his apron.  He grabbed Johnny shoulder and looked him in the eye.
“I am not your pet, I am not a toy to be manipulated! I will not spend the rest of my life getting my heart ripped out over and over again. This is my life! My choice, and I choose to save my brother!” He shouted at her as he yanked a concealed device out of his pocket and pressed the button.
A/N: Sorry about how long it took to get this next chapter to you but here it is, please enjoy! And don’t forget to leave a review at the end of the chapter. Again, sorry for any and all mistakes.
Steve clamped his mouth shut.
This alien was hell bent on universal domination why would she want them to stop her?
It had been a little over an hour since Bucky had stitched him back up and Steve had planted himself in front of the dirty window with his sketchbook in hand and lightly traced what he could make out of the sunrise over the horizon.
Beep. Beep. Beep.
How positive of an ID did the authorities provide? How was it that they were so sure it was the Winter Soldier when it took till now to even recognize that he even existed?
Twenty minutes later Tony was putting the finishing touches on a weapon prototype he was developing for a suit that he was hoping would have the capacity to safely go into outer space. The lack of atmosphere and gravity are some of the more difficult aspects to overcome.
Suddenly, Steve laughed through his tears. Bucky continued.
“You are lucky to be alive my friend.” Thor stated earnestly.
"What? You mean besides the Iron Legion down for the count!?" Tony replied with snark and annoyance.
He made his way to the indicated portal and let himself in. As he entered the pressurized equalization chamber he removed the suit according to procedures and in minutes was met with a couple of officials.
(See the end of the chapter for
Unfortunately, Steve couldn’t finish for he was in fact pushed off the helicarrier by Tony.  The genius began to laugh as he raced to catch up and catch Steve.  The bay doors closing behind him.
Natasha, after her inquiries with the witnesses, was going through the security footages looking for anything that would explain what happen to the victims. Clint was beside her acting like a back seat driver trying to dictate where they should be looking which made her threaten to stab him. The animosity seemed to spread.
“Yeah, don’t leave the part meant for them behind. Not like they’re as lost and confused as you were.” Barnes muttered sarcastically.
And as for the hole itself?
The clock across the hall now read 8:30 AM. He sighed. It had been nearly 12 hours since Peggy went into labor. That concerned him immensely until Angie came back with coffee and assured him that it was likely fine. She said that Ellie's birth and labor had taken twenty-one hours.
“Ok, you with me now?”
“Ok, let see what we’ve got here. You have a fractured left tibia that seems to be healing quite rapidly. Your right radius is broken in three places but has been perfectly set and is also healing quickly.” She paused looking at the charts more intently then proceeded,
“You are not authorized in the compartmental zone.”
There was no way they could call for backup either. Thor was in Asgard, the last of the X-Men and trusted SHIELD Agents were either on another mission or specifically ordered to protect the helicarrier and the tower. Tony and his team were on their own.
Steve realized this was one of the first times Tony had ever asked him about his past directly.
Steve frowned deeply at the man's apparent attitude, but somehow knew it was a façade, a defense mechanism. Yet, Steve also knew that, somewhere deep in his memories, this man was responsible for enraging him beyond comprehension a time or two.
He squashed down his ire, he needed to focus. He looked around them. He didn't exactly have a computer to work with. His connection with Jarvis was severed when he repurposed his headgear. But then he got an idea.
Tony rolled his eyes. He had already considered this. The thing that blows their theory out of the water, however, was the fact that she created little niches of heaven for all her victims. He had looked into the minds of many of them and each one had their own little perfect world best suited each person perfectly. And in Steve's perfect world, Tony didn't exist. Plain and simple.
"What happened?" Hawkeye called out.
“Cut the shit and stop playing games!” He huffed out the best he could. “You want something, what is it? Money? You can have all of it if you want, just shut the fuck up!” Tony shouted back at him. Despite his abhorrent situation his usual snark remained ever present.
“Does anybody have the need to shit themselves or is it just me?” Scott shuddered from his place on Steve’s shoulder.
“Sir, the suits primary system has been compromised. I have severed the link to the tower but I can’t hold it off much longer.”
Please if you’ve got a minute let me know what you think about this story.
Now that the puff balls were gone all the coms reconnected.
Tony flinched when the drive began to deconstruct itself. The plastic popped off to reveal the black crystal within. The wires and circuits then began to unbind themselves off of the small black iridescent mass.
The vice president was in Texas during the assassination. Shield and other special forces units were on a trail heading east.
He was so weak, he realized, he definitely could not move out of the bed.  Instead he held his arms out the best he could.  Immediately his arms were full of asinine genius.  He breathed in Tony’s scent as he held him as close as he could to his weak body.  He ran his hands up and down Tony’s back and tangled his fingers into his hair.  Tony was shaking slightly trying desperately to hold back sobs.
"What the world needs right now is this symbol of hope, justice, strength, perseverance and heroism. Steve is gone but the world still needs Captain America-"
Chapter Thirty-Five: Scared to Death to Live
Soon enough the waiter had arrived with their orders of food.  “Prime rib for you.” He stated as he set a plate in front of Tony.
“Steve, darling, are you all right?” Peggy called to him concerned as she knocked softly again.
It wasn’t until he felt tiny hands touch his sensitive flesh and tears roll down his skin did he realize most of his suit was gone. It had been torn to shreds during their escape. There were but a few wisps of material covering his torso. At least his pants remained mostly intact or else the situation would have been crazy awkward. He realized that his helmet was also missing and when the children calmed enough they hungrily took in his appearance.
Suddenly, Steve’s eyes finally landed on Tony. A thousand and one emotions flitted across his expressive face so quickly that Tony could not even begin to understand what was going through his mind in that exact moment. Then Steve’s face broke out into a wide grin, he gave Tony a brief nod before bracing the shield over his chest and completing his iconic command in a roaring battle cry.
She smiled deviously. Clint had the urge to edge away from her however doing so would result in him getting stabbed so he refrained. She was in one of those moods, itching for an epic fight.
Steve followed the happy child upstairs to her room. When he walked through the door he was shocked to discover that her room was not styled the way he’d expect a girl her age to have her room. The most notable feature was that her room was red, white and blue themed. It was themed after Captain America. Steve felt astonished and flattered. There was a replica of his shield right over her bed and what appeared to be an army of dolls in all shapes and sizes on the shelves next to it.
“Ah, my Rhododendron! Take care of him for me!” Harker shouted.
He could not see her but he could feel her fingers traced down his face. Her touch felt like fire against his sensationless being. He leaned in almost as if he was desperate to feel again.
Glaring Steve started to shout. “Do you honestly think this is a game, some sort of joke? People are in danger and you’re laughing!” Tony started to laugh even harder at Steve’s reaction.
“Do you have no idea the kind of mass hysteria that would cause? On a global scale no less… Even if we somehow could do it, to afford it, to build it in a timely fashion… It can not be done.” The Director stated almost hotly.
"You do indeed. You will just stay and keep me company along with the others." She replied.
Yours Forever,
“I must say this must be the furthest anyone has gotten to figuring things out! Most splendid!” She stated delightedly.
He broke eye contact and began to blink at the ceiling.
What I plan to do is connect every living soul in the universe together using the souls of the nine realms. I will create tiny threads of energy that cannot be seen or felt that will bind every living creature in the universe together.
“What…  Are…  You…  Doing?”  Tony huff out.
Steve stood back a ways.  Johnny was trying desperately to calm her.  Then the worst happened.  Just as she was about to go into another fit of hysterics she stopped suddenly and collapsed over Reed’s body.
Steve only shook his head.
A/N: Oh boy! Now we have a little bit of insight on Tony and we have a bit of adorable domestic fluff. Don’t forget Tony still needs to receive a certain letter. So stay tuned for the next installment and I’ll see you guys then.
“Oh Sister, very good, you did that much faster this time.”
The Captain wished that his nightmare with just end.
Bucky gave him an indiscernible look.
“Jarvis, issue a command override and switch to manual!” He ordered quickly.
He began to put his thoughts in order, using Steve as his center.
The first thing Steve became aware of was the warmth of the sun on his face. He did not want to wake up. He was too comfortable.
Beep. Beep. Beep.
Tony composed himself the best he could then returned to the exam station. When he arrived he found Natasha and Barnes murmuring softly to each other. They both looked at each other with such reverence. Tony sure as hell was not going to touch that one with a thirty-foot pole. Especially since he knew that Bruce and Nat was supposed to be something of a thing.
It took everything Steve had not to start laughing like a lunatic. Never in a thousand years would he thought he would ever have his brother back. Now all he had to do was figure out how to keep him alive.
“Ocean…h-home…” He whispered, and age old desire from his childhood resurfacing. “T-the sun…rise…”
“Well, you’ve captured Fury’s personality with those colors but I was expecting something a little more visage-esk.”
What they heard would become a truly hellish nightmare they would never forget.  Their team was screaming in anguish.  All of them.  Hot tears sprang to his eyes when he recognized Tony’s voice through the torrent of screams.
“You were so concerned and you went through so much trouble to keep me from over exerting myself.” He said gesturing to the restraints. “I’d hate for you to fail your mission now.” He smirked.
“Yes! What is it?”
‘Not completely.’ Tony thought.
As hard as he tried, Tony could not rally his team. Almost each member had their own self-appointed task and had even began to try and out order each other. Tony technically was meant to be in command but he could not conceivably maintain control of his team, fight the Rhododendron and his lackeys in hand-to-hand combat in a failing suit and simultaneously figure out how to negate the strange technology they possessed.
“His name is Graham Rhododendron and he calls himself, wait for it, the Rhododendron. Go figure. He was Harker’s number one lackey.” Bucky informed still staring at the ceiling.
Natasha pulled up the video footages of Fury’s insane car accident.  Apparently someone was trying to assassinate him.
Seriously, that whole fiasco was just ridiculous.
Just as the woeful utterance escaped his bloodied lips the soft soothing hands of sweet nothingness embraced Steve, tenderly pulling him into the wonderful darkness of unconsciousness.
They all sat still for a moment taking it all in. Trying to come to terms with what Thor had revealed to them. Each going down their own little train of thought trying to process the fact they, may be, very well doomed… to say the least.
He began to cry miserably and couldn’t bring himself to finish the rest of the letter. He couldn’t bear the words of encouragement that will surely there.
A/N: Now you guys finally know what happened between Tony and Pepper. Yeah, it was all just a terrible misunderstanding. There is still so much I have instore for Tony and Steve. I hope you guys stay tuned for the next chapter! Please leave a review and let me know what you all think.
“Well, that wasn’t so bad.” He thought. But it had definitely been a long and painful day. Shortly after he fell into a light sleep completely and utterly unable to stay awake.
"Yeah? And what would Steve say to that?" Tony inquired.
“I said you sigh like the world’s ending.” Ellie replied confused. “Mother says the same thing all the time.” She added un-sure if perhaps it was a line not meant to be repeated.
“I can’t be near you!”  He related finally.
“I already have.”
"What makes you think anything happened?" Tony growled.
Tony bolted to his primary computer, took the code Barnes supplied and quickly gave it a few tweaks based on his own research over the last few months before plugging it into his command port for Jarvis to use.
“Look at you, Tony Stark, completely at my mercy.” Rhododendron said as he began moving the suit around. In minutes he had figured out how to operate the flight stabilizers. He began flying Iron Man around the area like a toy.
“Steve, think about Natasha, Clint, Bruce, Coulson, Maria, Fury and me. We can’t lose you! We had to do what we could, we had to try! Don’t you get that? I know it seems stupid and ridiculous now knowing that there’s no stopping her from taking you, but back then we thought we still had a chance you know?!” Tony tried to explain, the desperation evident in his voice.
“That’s good.” He whispered, kissing her forehead gently.
Calamity visibly deflated.
The Captain nodded slowly, absorbing the Professors words.  Steve spent days upon days yearning for answers, he was most certainly not going to interrupt.
“Of course I did! You know no mission ever goes right without me right Cap?” He said with a hint of a smirk in his voice.
Steve looked at him betrayed.
After the laughter dies down they just look at each other smiling.
Steve looked at him; ironically he was thinking the same thing.
Tony cursed madly, in his desperation he began to mutter more overrides some not even linked to the suit at all. He was sure some codes were for the microwave, coffee maker and showerhead.
Steve suppressed the urge to groan in exasperation.
"And in some cases from what it looks like there have been outside parties doing their best to cover shit up and to make sure some of this never came to light.”  Tony explained, trying to get all these tired ass people to understand what he had discovered.  Some were just not getting it.
The com line crackled again, “Cap! Another wave is coming.”
“I have my sources. Like I said, you’re no better.” Tony sniffed.
Tony began to sob harder, his heart in such profound desolation and pain but also conviction, knowing he was definitely going to save his world from Calamity’s clutches. Even if the price was too much to endure he would pay it regardless. When the time came he will leave this world knowing he did the right thing for the right reasons.
Just when he was going to go ask Tony his opinion of the odds, Steve heard a reverberating CRASH resonate though out the shop. The good Captain, concerned for the genius’s wellbeing, darted toward Tony’s general direction he wander off in only to hear him start to shout.
End Chapter 41
"Oh, he is. A tad on the short side, though." Steve smirked.
"Maybe it's on our side." Barton suggested over the coms. All doubt had been extinguished when it shot Hawkeye off of his perch.
Tony had no intention of using it.
A slice of domestic life for Steve.
“I’ll manage.” She replied exhausted.
Most of the last few hours consisted of Thor arguing with the scholars and archivalists about removing the ancient texts from their proper stores. They went back and forth and rounds and rounds in a nightmarish dance of wits, logic and pettiness. It was enough to make one sick from the insane banter. In the end, though, the King came to intervene.
He can’t let this happen, he can’t!
Several hours later found our dear Captain with a headache to rival the one Thor surely has at the moment. They were heading back to the Bifrost intending to return to Earth with heaps of old scrolls and tomes in their position.
“Gotta keep it together!” He told himself as he began his trek to Von Dooms location.
End Chapter 47
“It’s because you are a good man, plain and simple.” Tony stated resolutely. “Of the few times Steve had ever opened up about you he had nothing but fond and admirable things to say. I can tell, you were his hero. Imagine that, Captain America’s hero. Not to mention the stories I’ve heard Natasha tell.”
“No! STOP!” He finally choked out tears running down his face. Steve could see the look in Bucky’s eye. He was going to comply; he was going to stop. That was until his left arm exploded in a brilliant array of fine metal pieces.
He was still kind of getting used to having someone know his every thought.  He’s gonna have to figure out how Magneto acquired such an awesome helmet that repels telepathic abilities. He’s sure if he tried hard enough he could definitely create something to do the same.  But that’s a project for another time.
She grabbed his face and looked him in the eye. “Are you sure you are all right?” She asked gently.
“Well, connecting it to a device that isn’t connected to the Avengers or Shield servers and doesn’t have Internet access would solve that problem.” Tony supplied.
"Daddy! The meat is burning!" She hollered as Steve was in the middle of putting the cornmeal back into the pantry.
“Oh, I get it!” She exclaimed excitedly.
Back to being imprisoned.
“Stark! What have you got!?” Director Fury bellowed as he was growing impatient.
Yes, Tony, this was the perfect idea. Go barge in on a mentally unstable super assassin at 3 AM in his own room completely unarmed in addition to a significant lack of clothing. Good job!
Steve and the others became worried. No snarky reply? Not good. Whatever info Tony has it must be very serious.
Tony sighed. “The feelings mutual, Buddy, just promise not to kill me and we will work out the rest.” Tony huffed as he began to lead them out of the cell.
They… They could have been together. Tony could have been sharing his love with Steve but instead he managed to completely and utterly drive him away.
“Excellent plan.” Bucky groaned as Tony helped him to his feet. He felt a bit lightheaded but functional.
“Okay! I’ll behave.”
The genius snapped out of it shortly enough.
Oh yeah, he did say that didn’t he? That was before he just got his heart ripped out and smashed to pieces but you know, whatever.
Beep. Beep.
"How do I look?" Barnes asked apprehensively, exuding discomfort times a thousand.
Tony got up from the work table and motioned Steve to follow. He walked to his main computer and pointed out the various stats that were shown on the screen.
He feels horrible, he really does, that Fury almost died and that someone was after him, but damn he was incredibly angry about the whole thing.  He was at least happy that Fury let them know that he was still alive, because if he found out later that his survival was another thing they were keeping from him he was going to lose it.  He was going to give them the best impression of the Hulk any of them had ever seen.
They descended steadily and gracefully. As soon as Calamity landed smoothly on the shore she gently sat Steve down on the cool sand. He sat silently watching the warm colors bloom across the sky banishing the darkness away from yet another day. It was at this time that his mind began to wander. And because he was a hopeless and tragic fool his mind settled on Tony. He desperately wished that things had turned out differently.
“It’s just you deserve to know, you know?  Everyone wanted to keep it a secret from you an I was against it from the start, but Tony made very valid points and it wasn’t my place…”
There were looks from disheartening to skeptical. ‘That seems about right.’
He downed the last of it in one go, remiss to waste it but entirely aware that he was immune to its stimulating effects and that it's only positive benefit, it's comforting warmth, was entirely absent.
So she needed him to complete the circle, to be the cherry on top.
He stood abruptly, the walls were crumbling away revealing black iridescent crystal underneath. The black haze in his mind grew even heavier. He was alone again except for Ellie.
From where Steve was leaning on the wall he thought he could make out electrical burns on Clint’s arm and neck. The Captain just assumed he got them from Natasha, again. Before things could get further out of control Fury took over.
“You say you fight for good but you call that monster an ally.” She gestured to Tony who was making evasive maneuvers from the soldier’s arsenal.
“Did you engage them?” Natasha asked grinning.
“Von Doom.”
“Hey, Babydoll?”
In the past, he had seen her leave Tony’s living quarters in such a state of disarray, back when she and Tony were in a relationship together. He was not so naïve or deluded to not know what had transpired between Pepper and Tony this evening.
“But he killed them, Nat.” Tony murmured.
Tony nodded mutely as he tried to focus on the doom code. His morbid curiosity would not leave him alone however, he turned around again to see if Thor would be able to take out the mother. What he saw instead instilled a different kind of rage and fear in him. Hundreds of the mega fuzz buzz now surrounded the hole, seemingly protecting the portal and the mother from the wrath of Thor. Everybody knew what would happen if electricity was used against them.
Johnny had proven himself invaluable but can’t keep going like that forever. Same for Ben. Not only that but they were running out of time before the higher up’s got involved.
"I knew you missed me, dumbass." The Soldier smirked then half leaned and half sat against Tony's work table.
"Drive." He simply commanded.
“Mine.” Tony admitted finally.
"Within you?" He demanded harshly with an expected amount of skepticism.
“She needed you to be in pain. I thought it would be best to keep you from missions so you couldn’t get hurt.”
Now, don’t forget to leave me a review and let me know what you think. All questions, comments and theories welcome.
Barnes and Barton snickered and Natasha tutted, "Come on, Tony. None of that." She said pulling his face away from the table, making him look her in the eye. "It's awful, how it turned out. But for what it's worth I am proud of you regardless.
“What for, exactly?”  Steve questioned suspiciously.
After getting over the denial of his involvement in Steve’s odd behavior he broke out the good stuff and tried to rack his brain for clues as to what he did to set Steve off and make him bail like that. At first he thought receiving the executive chief code might have done it, but Steve was well into his escape plan before that transmission had even went through.
“Perhaps it is so… there may have been records of destruction before the Calamity. But I still wouldn’t know, there is true evil in the universe that would have been a better target should that be the case but perhaps it is still worth really looking in to.”
Next, she grew incredibly large, larger than even the Hulk. She had thick black skin and powerful muscles. She also had fangs and powerful claws. She looked like what he would imagine ogres from a fairytale would look like.
Tony winced. “Play nice” he told himself. He put on a strained smile and shook the man’s hand begrudgingly. He realized almost too late what he must look like when they continued to stare.
“If that is all then this meeting is adjourned till tomorrow at 0900 hours sharp.  In the meantime I’d really like to know how all of this has happened on my helicarrier, damn it!”
Tony stared gaping at the door for a moment before screaming out in despair and began to tear his lab apart. He truly believed at this point that he was incapable of saving anyone. Everything about the last few days was a huge disgusting mess, it was acrimonious enough to retch. And retch he did. Several times. In which he is now doing once more as his A.I.s looked on helplessly.
He looked up suddenly and realized that it was now day. How long had he been deep in thought for? Why was he so deep in thought? He shook himself, that wasn't important.
Tony groaned, unlatching himself from Nat then slammed his head back to the work table, again.
End Chapter 46
“Stop!!” He tried again.
“I killed him and his wife. I don’t deserve this!” He shouted once more before ripping the device off of the back of his neck.
After a grueling debriefing, where he found out what he witnessed was an assassination, they pestered him nonstop about what he saw on the roof.  He couldn’t remember much, just a flash of movement.  The best he could come up with was a dark figure and something shiny that flashed before it was gone.
“If I find out I could have done something and didn’t and they die I will never forgive myself.  I won’t know I would be any help till I get there.  I’ve got to try!”  He said solemnly.
“Where is everyone?  The whole ‘party’?”  Tony demanded urgently.
Upon their arrival to the grocers, a boy about the age of fifteen greeted them. Steve stood the rolls of fabric in front of him as he talked to the boy.
"I liked you better when you were on your hands and knees begging me for mercy." She sneered.
He ran his hands through his hair a few times trying to suppress his emotions.
“Could it work?” All eyes on Thor.
“Johnny, what is it?”  He almost demanded.
Without any ado, on with the show!
Sending Dumm-E valiantly into the fray, armed with the celestial decimating weapon was the pentacle of unpredictable. One of Tony stark's most beautiful definitions.
“One more thing, I’ll be using my shield a lot. So when I say ‘duck,’ duck immediately, do not hesitate. Okay?”
A time traveler. That would explain the futuristic armor, the strange tiny television the man held, the glowing object in his chest and the fact that the man said that his mower was ancient. If the man was a time traveler, how did they meet? How did he fit in Steve's life? And why? This was becoming way too complicated.
“And here’s Ellie Rogers and Rocky coming up on the left passing GallantFox on the outside just past the third quarter pole. SeaBiscuit still in the lead but Rocky gaining fast.”
He almost screamed getting up off the ground. He popped a few stitches.
“Jarvis, send everything I have on locating the woman to Shield servers under the Orange Accounts: Agents Romanov and Barton; subquest A-P-18428.”   Tony requested appalling some of the occupants of the room.
Finally!
“What do you want Barton?” He managed to croak out.
They found out early on that attacking the fuzz balls with any form of electricity made them multiply tenfold. Storm got very creative and changed the atmosphere around them so that the ions remain separated and could not hold a charge. That slowed the puff balls down considerably.
"Okay, Babydoll, let me change my clothes and we'll go."
“Yeah, let him in.”  Steve turned in the stool he was seated in to face the doorway.  Charles wheeled himself in slowly admiring the various works, finished and unfinished, distributed throughout the studio.
“Tony? What is this?” Steve whispered lowly.
Somehow with the greatest stroke of luck, Steve had stumbled upon, quite literally, his shield.  He stopped for a moment and thanked God for small mercies.  He lifted the shield took a deep breath and continued on.
It’s amazing that Tony sought him out first but he has no idea what kind of mood Tony is in.
The one and only dream, as it so happens, he remembered with devastating clarity. All morning he had eagerly awaited the moment his dream would fade into nothingness as all the others had done previously, only to realize that he was now doing the breakfast dishes and he could still recall nearly every detail. Everything from the incredible colors he had witnessed in the sky to the way the man tasted and felt. The only thing that really seemed to escape him, he realized peevishly, was the man's name.
“You told them we were brothers…  And I wondered if that could be true one day.”  He went red in the face, the apple slice in his hand sizzling a little.
Tony woke up sometime later in the dead of night with a start. He picked his head off of the table slowly, not wanting to strain his neck the process. He was dismayed to find a small screwdriver stuck to his face. He idly wondered what woke him so suddenly.
Once he was able to break the surface he would have the capacity to lose them lickety-split. The tails were gaining faster than Tony had anticipated, however.
“It’s OK Cap, I get it.  Just don’t be too hard on yourself.  Remember none of this is at all in any way you’re fault so don’t be going off to blame yourself.”  Tony stated with a soft smile.
"I love you… Steve."
Was that normal?
“Don’t fret Director, Mr. Stark here is holding nothing back in light of the fact that he knows he can hide nothing from my gifts.” Xavier assured gently.
Tony barged into the room to find Steve still fully naked and a little wet. Tony froze on the spot. Steve sighed in frustration, a long and painful day indeed.
The Winter Soldier dove from the roof and tackled Steve to the pavement. That knocked the wind out of him but he quickly scrambled up to his feet and tried to keep his footing. He tried to steady himself but the soldier was on him re-engaging quickly.
“I want the flyers in the sky. Take out as many as possible look for clusters and find the source. Torch, keep a perimeter don’t let them spread any further.”
“Director.” Fury was cut off yet again but this time by somebody Director Fury could not sass.
"ETA?" Barnes asked again.
“Yes I do. Please give it back. I deserve to suffer! All those people. Oh God, there were so many.” He shouted becoming increasingly agitated. “I killed them all, innocent people, all of them, dead!” He launched from the chair and began to pace madly. “You shouldn’t be helping me! You should be the last person to help me! Give it back!”
‘Very true.’  Steve thought.
They were right in presuming why Fury was calling. It was definitely about the crazy coma cases. People were starting to get scared; they were saying ‘An epidemic is spreading!’
“I agree with you Steve.” Tony said quietly. Steve’s heart nearly leapt out of his chest when he heard Tony say his name, despite the terrible mood. ‘Wow, I am a horrible person.’ He thought with a sigh.
Clint and Natasha were standing at the door with bemused looks on their faces.  Tony’s ire did not go unnoticed by any of them.
“I’m heading to the lab just to finish up a few things.”  Bruce told the whole room.
“Indeed, Sir. I advised Captain Rogers against it considering the state of his injuries.”
Chapter Eighteen: I Just Want To See The Light
“I got something that I need to tell you.”  He said finally, his voice hoarse.
“Indeed, good work Captain.” Fury smiled… Smiled?... And patted Steve on the back before leaving to seek out Coulson.
He pressed her close to his body, smiling deeply when she began to nuzzle his neck. He laughed as he gently set her down. She was wearing a baby blue sundress that made her golden curls stand out beautifully. She straightened out her dress and began to talk animatedly about what she was up to.
It's eyes, however, Tony decided, were the most horrific of all. He could just barely see them within what at first appeared to be wide empty sockets. They were opaque white, seemingly un-seeing and yet all seeing at the same time. Its appearance paired with its looming odor, like rotting corpses, made this creature the personification of death.
"You knew you wanted us from the start all along! You looking for your Keystone was just complete Bullshit."
Beep.
It was the best he could do under the circumstances.
Steve shook it merrily. "Thank you, considering the projects I've got planned, I'll be returning soon." He smiled and turned to make his way out the door.
Tony shook his head and almost wanted to laugh.
What was more vexing, however, was that Graham was now hell-bent on destroying the world, all consequences be damned.
Bucky only stared.
“I am the Keystone.” Steve uttered almost inaudible.
“Yeah, I understand. It’s just, I don’t like when you forget about me.” She said finally.
Great.
Seeing as the Director was about to adjourn a meeting; she had to interject mournfully before he had a chance to.  “Director, there is something serious that we all must consider here.  It came to me when Clint was pitching a fit.  If this alien is picking people with horrifically tragic backgrounds, what stopping it from picking any one of us.  If it can come and go as it pleases…  You said yesterday Steve that we knew absolutely nothing about its capabilities that anything and everything we can do to stop it would be useless.  Loki by himself was nearly impossible to overcome what if this thing can easily take any one of us down regardless of any of his or her special abilities.”  She stopped obviously getting her point across by looking in everybody’s stricken faces in the room.
Tony, now also confused, spoke up. “Expecting someone else?” He rose an eyebrow.
So, Funny story, I wrote chapter 29 and most of 30 before I wrote 28. I need to keep Steve’s side rolling and not just develop Tony’s side. So, that’s another reason why this had taken so long to get to you. My apologies!
Harker started to look a bit green around the gills.
“But the Miigs destroyed Trëyía!”
He got another wire in place and yelped as he instantly felt the drain of his arc reactor. But now he can move, he quickly got to his feet and darted for the laptop. He needed to take cover. He needed to find a safe place to work on the code and restore as much functionality to his suit as he could. If he could get his boot jets working, he could fly away in a pinch. He wouldn't be able to control his flight, however, but it would be better than to stand there and take a blast from the mother. He quickly took cover in an alleyway and began to write an override code for the doom bots. He needed to take control of them.
Steve's entire being down to the very core of his soul vibrated with awe and desperation after realizing that this child is… is his and Tony's child. No matter how remarkable and impossible it was there she stood in all her beautiful angelic glory. As much as he would gladly play this scene out, as much as he would happily remain here forever in this perfect universe…
“Yeah, not much time for anything knowing the world is ending. I’m pretty sure my tamagotchi is dead.” Tony smirked. Steve eyed him a shook his head.
"What Deal!?"
What was it?
“Well, to start things off, I’m glad you’re here. Honestly, after last night I definitely wasn’t expecting to see you so soon.” Tony began. ‘Or at all.’ He thought in amazement.
Coulson was about to explode from awe and giddiness.   There was nothing like watching his all-time hero step up and take control. If Steve commanded him to jump off the helicarrier sans parachute he would without a second thought because most assuredly The Captain would turn around and save him.
“This is it!” Tony wailed in relief. “It’s rendering! This is it!” Hot tears sprang to his eyes and his team cheered and cried behind him.
“You should ask Clint what it was like.” Tony cringed. “To have that kind of control taken from him, his free will stripped away? You can’t even imagine what it’s like to be responsible for killing your friends and comrades. Clint and Barnes are not like you and me, Tony. We had the choice. They didn’t. Go talk to him.”
That is all besides the fact that Steve would never forgive him in a million years for even considering it.
Steve was staring out the window still when Tony came up behind him and placed his hand gently on the Captains shoulder.
“I’m not leaving without you.” The Soldier declared adamantly.
Steve was immediately relieved.  His shoulders sagged and his breathing slowed.  Before Steve could ask more questions, preferably about the children, the door to the room was slammed open suddenly.
They had reconvened in the common room after making sure their fallen comrades were comfortable.  Steve did not know what to do.  He was beside himself.  He wanted to lose himself to his misery all over again.
“Well, you have known him longer.” Steve replied shaking his head. “So, what do you know about the lucky lady?”
The very top floors of the tower belonged to Tony. He wondered how that was going to work. Speak of the devil, Tony was standing in the doorway in a fancy suit and everything.
“You are welcome.  I’m sorry I could not help you like I hoped.  Sometimes I feel I can be rather useless without my abilities.”  The Professor admitted forlornly.
Not gonna lie, it was a little hard to continue knowing the canon had contradicted me yet again. One of the main lessons to take away from my story was that you can’t turn back time, you can only move forward and make the best of what you have now. But noooooooooooooooooooo *Spoiler Alert* Endgame just had to be all cool and complicated and introduce time travel. I get why they had to do it, they had to create the multi-verse somehow. But Stiiiiillll.
“Or, that time you convinced that Mark guy that you were an alien.” Bucky lifted a brow.
“Here in writing,” gesturing to indiscernible runes. “It is loosely translated by our scholars to say ‘It Shall End in Calamity.’ With it weathered documentation of the last of this people.
Steve smiled fondly before turning the page again to show Tony standing before the aftermath, his clothing still smoldering in places and Dumm-E waving an extinguisher around madly. The next one was Tony staring blankly at a diagram before he had his first cup of coffee. The next one made his heart skip a beat. It was Tony asleep on his lap. He had put so much care and detail into Tony’s relaxed face. He stared at his sketch transfixed for a time.
“No, IronMan cannot get through those clouds of zappers. There are too many of them.”
A new case comes up.
Tony sighed and picked up the pillow to scream into yet again.
Tony bent to pick it up. It was another handwritten note. Not Steve’s handwriting, however. Tony looked up, suddenly realizing it was from the man in the cell before him. The genius read it over, his eyes widening at its contents.
“No! Look at me.”
Tony shook his head.
“You call that sloppy!?” Tony demanded astonished, looking at the men take in out with such efficiency he barely had time to blink.
"No! I mean it shouldn't have been possible to touch me. It defies the laws of-" Then he paused and squeezed his eyes shut in realization. "That fucking witch!" He exclaimed. "She is behind this!"
“Never ever?”
“Thor, you’re up. Iron Man you back him. Torch and Thing, make your way to Dr. Doom. The rest of us will hold ground control and protect the people.”
The mother screamed in delight as the hole continued to widen.
“No!” Tony shouted.
“We’re several thousand feet under the surface! I don’t think even I could survive that kind of pressure! Dumb ass!” Bucky retorted.
“You know,” Barnes began slowly and seriously, all teasing now absent from his gravelly voice. Tony eyed him warily, sensing the shift in his tone and demeanor. “I went to the infirmary this morning.” He admitted lowly.
‘That bastard ate everything! Fuck Barton! And fuck everybody else to!’
She said it was for certain. There was something oddly refreshing knowing that. For once he was working with a sure thing. He shook his head at the morbidness of it.
The only warning he got that all hell was breaking loose was the sound of his shield hitting the rough asphalt. He turned around immediately at the sound of ringing vibranium only to have the sight that greeted him make his heart drop. Bucky was staring shocked at the many tranquilizer darts sticking out of his right arm and shoulder. Several Shield agents were closing in from designated locations. Before he could address the new threat he instantly found himself reacquainted with the pavement yet again. Tony plowed him into the road. He looked up in time to see War Machine land not a few yards away, weapons ready.
He made sure to spend time with each of the remaining members of the Avengers. He roped Johnny, Scott and Sam into making desserts with him. He forced everyone into a movie night and somehow a game of Pictionary charades. They were quite gung-ho about doing things he wanted. He almost felt bad about deceiving them, almost.
Tony wouldn’t admit it but he does feel a thousand times better especially with Steve next to him.
“Excellent!  Mwahahahaha absolutely wonderful!”
"Mmmhmm." She murmured.
"It goes." Iron Man replied as he inputted another sequence in the main conduit.
“What about… a mass evacuation? A worldwide evacuation… it’s possible right?” Rushed Clint anxiously.
Steve shook himself out of his reverie and quickly jotted down his thoughts into a sketchbook that he used as a journal. After he had finished writing he had gone back and looked at what he had written before.
The pony whirred to life and began its up and down rocking motion.
He was sure it had come to him when he dropped the cup.
All of a sudden, an incredible force descended down upon him and he instantly froze, completely unable to move, unable to breathe and thus completely unable to press the last key.
Would he be?
“It worked. Nobody died.”
“Just get it over with.” Bucky commanded through clenched teeth.
What Tony did know was that the Rhododendron also had an army of robots that were obviously Doom Bot rip-offs attacking London, Cairo, Tokyo, Seoul and Singapore. Oh, and hundreds of those mega fuzz buzz that Steve nearly died trying to destroy were popping up all over the world, each reproducing multitudes of those tiny little zappers. This was why Tony was now doing all he could not to tear his hair out in absolute frustration.
Finally! Someone who listens to reason.
“And now you think a prison break is a good idea?” Fury added.
“Don’t worry, I’ve got a plan.” The genius said as the doors opened.
"Yes, and other things…" He evaded stubbornly.
He knew he was going to regret it as soon as Clint’s voice impacted his brain.
For now, anyway.
“You know, Steve told me I was the most surprising and unpredictable person he knew.” Tony replied. “I’m not about to prove him wrong.”
His face, arm and wrist continued to throb in pain. No matter what position he found himself in, it did not alleviate any of it. Even more irritating, he thought, was how he kept feeling strange pulsations in the middle of his forehead.
Beep. Beep. Beep.
Steve smiled, it came out more like a grimace but the feeling was there. He turned his head slowly to see Sam sitting in the seat next to him.
“Did this… Is this all coming from your mind??” Steve inquired gesturing to the odd glasses on his face.
"Don't be so sure!" Tony stated with as much strength as he can muster.
“Fine. The gradual transition is better. And it’s not as tingly as it was before.” Barnes remarked.
He nodded. She gave him a quick, tight hug and with that she left.
Steve had been lying in bed for the last two hours wide awake. Natasha and Steve had spent nearly an hour just talking and bonding. She reassured Steve that it was okay to feel the way he felt and that if anybody had a problem with it… Well… He was talking to the Black Widow after all. Gruesome details aside he was extremely grateful for her support.
God, he was so fucking happy!
Tony fought the urge to either stick his tongue out at her or show her a rude gesture. Doing so would only prove her point.
The last thing the saw clearly was Calamity’s smirking face from upon her perch on the water tower just beyond Iron Man’s crimson shoulder plate. Then the darkness took him once more.
“I don’t get why you don’t just use it yourself.” The soldier demanded suddenly when Tony began to approach him with the device.
“You don’t deserve this! You don’t deserve any of this!” He roared.
“I’m so sorry.” He whispered.
"Me too! Not gonna let all the others have the fun, right Sam?"
“I’m fine.” Tony replied through his yawn.
Bucky nodded.
“For those of you present yesterday, what did it feel like when she appeared suddenly?” He asked.
He thought back to that night and tried to remember how and why he could have given in so easily. Yes, he was out of his mind with grief and heartache and was weak enough to seek solace from the enemy, but then he remembered.
Barnes nodded mutely then began to point out the designs that caught his eye.
Instead of parting ways after the departure of the kids Steve and Johnny had ended up in the kitchen.  After a lengthy discussion on the best picnic foods, they both had agreed that it had been ages since either of them had a legit and homemade from scratch apple pie.  And after Steve admitted that he knew how to bake, Johnny laid on the charm.
“Okay, so let me get this straight.” Clint began. “It is your fault.” He said.
"I am only allowed to take souls that of which I am granted permission to take."
"Sir, fifteen percent of the Iron Legion remain." Jarvis warned.
Tony has always been the same person no matter what and he doesn’t in the slightest have the urge to drag his ass into a dark corner and beat the life out of him over it. But there is something… when he thinks of Tony’s preference, it does stir up some modicum of feelings that he doesn’t recognize.
“Good, any new pain?” Barnes shook his head. “Okay, will wait a bit then move on to step two. That’s the painful step where I reconnect your nerves and neuro-clasps to the arm.”
Wait! Perfect!
Steve gently lifted the layers of clothing off of his stomach. He winced as the fabric peeled off of his skin painfully. He bled through yesterday and it had plastered his undershirt to his abdomen.
Bucky slowly turned back to Steve.
“Oh Ellie, this is silly but I think I dreamt of a flying suit of armor.” He said shaking his head.
Pain.
She smiled apologetically at him. Steve watched with mounting tension as they left. Now that the two non-fighters were out of the way he could get this party started.
Without any further ado on with the show!
As he flew alone in the open air he began to recite the contents of the letter to himself, already having committed most of Steve’s words to memory. He cursed himself for letting everything get so out of control. Nat was right. Steve really was hurting. He desperately tried to stave off the wave of misery that threatened to consume him when he realized that even if he did get his answer he would never be able to set the record straight. He would never be able to make it up to Steve. He would never get to explain himself and he would never have the chance to tell Steve that he truly loved him just as much if not more. He took a deep breath to calm himself.
A do not disturb protocol? And a disheveled Pepper? Crap that didn’t look good at all!
“The hexilien format algorithm. It’s the program Hydra came up with studying the lore along with the cube and subsequently the universe around us. It’s how they created the advanced weaponry that could not have feasibly existed during the war. It’s how they were able to create the serum and my arm.” He explained lowly.
“I ask the historians and archivalist of my world what they thought of the matter.” He set the little leather strap aside.
Steve could imagine how that conversation went down. Tony knows how to push people’s buttons like nothing else.
"I think the blades are good enough for now. Why don't you go and release the butterfly while I mow the rest of the yard, then we can go into town." He suggested.
Lunch was a hit. The conversation flowed easily between them all and even Ellie was a large participant. Howard was sorry to hear that Steve was in the middle of another episode but assured him that it will pass.
That shocked them. Fury groaned into his hands.
Logically, Tony knew how unreasonable he was being. That if the situation were reversed and it was Rhodey or Pepper out there on the line that he would be just as irrational and reckless… More so than usual.
“Sounds something like you Cap.”  Tony poked.
This made Steve even angrier.  He shoved the entire surface of the palette against the canvas where it stuck and threw the brush across the room.
“Fine! You’re right, dick.” Before Tony got up he leaned in and claimed another kiss. “I’m glad you’re okay.” He whispered standing up. He thought for a moment. “Do you promise to be good and stay in bed so I don’t have to restrain you?” Tony asked exasperated.
“Thank you so much!”  Maggie and Eli’s mother said to him with watery eyes.  She was holding Eli close to her desperately.
“They all had incredibly tragic pasts.”  Before the various members of his team could indeed start with the carnage, Tony went on to elaborate.
“OK, OK. I can’t take it anymore!”
"Tony!" He gasped.
“I can’t Tony, there is something very fishy going on. I know Calamity is pulling the strings on this but there is something about that soldier. I have to figure it out.”
“He was so bummed I could not possibly say no after that.”
“I don’t even know where to start.” Steve moaned miserably.
He finally snapped out of his catatonic state and took a deep breath and finely met her gaze.
"Well, you and his son are going to get on great." Tony said, his snark shining through.
Tony had already acknowledged the fact that Steve likely hated him on some level, but to go as far as subconsciously create a world where Tony could never exist? That was some deep all-consuming hatred right there. It pained Tony on so many different levels and he really had no one to blame but himself. As much as he would love to blame Calamity for everything, he knew that even if she hadn't shown up he would have miraculously found a way to fuck it all up anyway.
~-0-~
The next thing Steve knew he saw Antman fly off of the roof he was on and land on the street out cold. Shit! Half of his team was down. He needed to concentrate. He took a deep breath and centered himself. He can hear a clap of thunder and Tony’s repulsers. They must have engaged the soldier.
“It’s not that simple, the code is much more complicated than I originally thought and at the same time there’s no telling how quickly I would be able to utilize the information.”  Tony replied all to tensely.
"Listen to me, Barnes. No one else but you can do this, the world still needs Captain America."
“Yeah ... I feel like shit.” He said groggily.
His heart clenched for her but this was important. There was something supernatural at work here and he was damned if he was going to let it become a threat to his family.
He began with how, at first, cases kept popping up all the while the numbers increasing exponentially. They had narrowed down the source to be otherworldly. He explained how they planned to learn everything they possibly could to stop her. Then he described how she made an appearance and had given them the information needed to stop her but it was heavily encrypted.
With the addition to the insurgence of allies, Steve single-handedly managed to rally the remaining members of the Avengers on the battlefield still able to fight.
Fury had barged in at this point.  It seemed Xavier was getting him up to speed mentally.  Steve listened intently hoping that perhaps with Logan’s attack he would be able to find out if the alien foe was susceptible to any physical attacks.  Tony was also thinking on a similar wavelength.
"Crap, 208." Tony replied then flew into a flock of the hell birds and let loose. "Oh, my mistake, make that 251." He gloated.
Nope… wait… that was Natasha slapping him.  Apparently she had been screaming his name trying to get his attention.
"Daddy! Daddy, look!" She exclaimed holding out her butterfly net with a beautiful orange and black Monarch butterfly captured inside.
“We… Can’t.” He started, desperately hoping that he was keeping the venom out of his voice.
Just when he thought his heart could not break anymore than it already has that imaginary knife buried deep within his chest had been given another twist as he looked down at the face of none other than James Buchanan Barnes. The face of his best friend that he has known his whole life. His brother that he thought was dead.
"Is this you?" He asked the tiny creature in his hand.
“Oh yeah, just a sec.” He said easily.
He coughed and shook his head, willing them to remain bound, just for a little bit longer.
Okay, one last thing to worry about. Perfect…
Steve looked Bucky in the eye, silently communicating with him attempting to convey his most broken and desolate thoughts. It felt like they were standing in that deserted street for hours when it was only mere seconds.
“You’re obviously on the run too.” He said gesturing to his emergency pack. “What did you do?” He asked again.
“Oh, I’m so scared.” Barnes wailed imitating a high girly voice.
It took months of epic shouting matches, intense stand offs, inappropriate pranks and in Tony’s case a well deserved punch in the face for Steve to realize that the crazy genius just functions that way. Thinking back on Tony’s swollen purple face after that particular punch made the Captain calm down immensely and go back into leader mode.
Ten feet…
“Pretty much everyone is on standby until further notice. Fury’s orders. Blah blah blah. I do believe tomorrow bright and early is when we are all going to hold a meeting and see what information Thor had brought for us.”
“How do you feel?”
Tony shook his head. “It’s not that easy, Pep. Things are complicated! I’m running out of time. I don’t… I don’t believe they are going to be around much longer…”
“Way to be lazy, Stark.” Barton muttered.
He sighed.  ‘Great.’  Now he was developing an eye twitch on top of the headache, just flipping fantastic.
“Wow… So by being able to sense the other mutants you were able to tell that they had nothing to do with the victims?”  The Captain blurted out truly fascinated by the Professor’s ability.
He watched soundlessly as Steve drifted off once more.
“Daddy, Daddy look!” Little Eleanor bounded up to him excitedly.
Steve stood in the middle of the barn lost. Why was he in here? Did he come to grab something? Why the heck did his cheek feel tingly and his wrist itched like the dickens?
What was the core anyhow?  Destroying it was important…  Because…  It was dangerous…  And painful.
Steve sighed to himself.  Tony was going to strip him of all access after this.  Oh well.  Well not ‘oh well’ it was gonna suck.  They would probably chain him to the walls after this.  But he is not gonna sit back when there might be something he could do to help.
In that moment Tony felt utterly violated.
His voice cracked over every other word. He could barely utter the details out loud. He described how he came to the decision to spend the rest of his life finding the brother he could not save seventy years ago. Bucky flinched at his admission but said nothing. Tears started to spill, he knows exactly how Steve feels.
Then, all of a sudden, Tony was falling. He collided with the ground painfully.
By the look on everyone’s faces they all had most assuredly chosen to stay and go down fighting with everything they have.
Chapter Thirty-Seven: As Time Goes By
“We are now connected to Asgard.” Tony declared proudly as Thor laughed mirthfully.
“Stark!” Clint exclaimed. “I’m out, I have to take cover.”
“Aesop’s fables!” She cried out instantly.
“Yes, this is it for me. The end of the line.” Steve replied mournfully.
“My dear Midgardians, your Earth is the seventh. Of course the quicker I find my keystone the less evidence of my presence gets left behind.”
Maria nodded and everyone else perked up and started to pay even closer attention. Something was up. Natasha reset the video on the computer and pressed play.
Calamity reached up and grabbed Steve's face and placed a kiss on his lips.
“What do you m-mean?” He whispered harshly. His first thought was that she was going to turn back time. But that wasn’t possible, was it?
“Excellent!  Bring him here.”  The slender man yanked the frightened one in front of the Boss man.
“If only such were ever that simple. There seems to be a block or barrier the moment they are touched by that strange force. Their minds are beyond even the Professor’s abilities.”  Hank supplied forlornly.
“Tony!”
“Look at you thanking us.  We came to thank you.”  Kevin’s father said ironically.
'Who though?'
“I know because you’re very polite person.” Tony replied frustrated.
I had to know why. Eventually, I figured out how to leave that little planet and travel the cosmos again. Only this time I could control my speed and direction. I followed paths of light and energy until I came across more celestial bodies.
In that very moment, Tony finally saw, for the first time, the true hero everybody was quick to revere and idolize without question. Many times in the past Tony had scoffed at everybody’s earnest dedication to Steve. It was rather nauseating to him. Now, however, he understood.
"But that would mean…"
"I figure if you're doing mower blades, this 800 should work well for what you're going for."
'No, it's all wrong.'
He had forgotten that some of them got pretty tragic. He looked upon Eleanor to find her pensive.
“Don’t let him in. I’m going out!” Tony replied.
“You know what Romanov-“
“It was very touch and go there for a while.”  Hank said as he adjusted some of the settings.
"Yes, I'm fine, Babydoll."
“Almost, I may be a bit eager today.” Barnes replied.
“I can explain!” He tried to swallow. “I timed it perfectly!” He managed to squeak out through the tightening grip on his throat.
“Don’t worry, he won’t be.”  Natasha said as she ran into the room fully suited up followed by Clint and Bruce.
Probably, the thing about this that is the most frightening is the fact that this is not looking like usual bad guy behavior. Where is the demand? Where’s the order for the obscene amount of money, or control over the world? This soon to be mission is already a headache underway. Tony, with his head ever so slightly still inflated quickly added the part about his ‘space phone’.
The other five agents behind him nodded smugly.
“Let him in.”  Steve answered immediately without thinking.
The Captain inwardly cringed. Harker was the guy that had control of the Winter Soldier. If Von Doom was looking for Harker’s base here in San Jose, then there was a good chance that the Winter Soldier was also here in San Jose.
“Now that Thor’s here we should all be getting back to the case.” Stated Steve trying to adjust himself in his bed.
"As are the others, but not for long." She stated. "When the time is right, I will harvest every human soul on this tiny miserable planet." She stated with absolution.
"Steve, my boy, come in, come in! I haven't seen you in a few weeks." The shopkeeper, Frank, as the embroidery on his shirt says, exclaims jovially, offering his hand out to shake.
“What are you going to do?”  He demanded nervously.
After another hour of waiting with baited breath they tentatively came to the conclusion that no one else was going to fall, for now anyways.  After the dismal head count only eighteen of the fifty eight Avengers and Allies remained.  They had lost 69% of their group of hero misfits.  So much for “Earth’s Mightiest Heroes”
‘This is beyond stupid.’  He thought.
Tony’s trust in Steve had to, in a since, increase drastically because of one drunken night. Tony and Pepper had mutually ended their relationship on that particular day through business and friendship reasons. Though mutual and for the best the situation was still overwhelming enough for Tony to get completely and utterly wasted. Steve had ended up stumbling upon the totally plastered billionaire in that condition.
"Obviously."
He shook his head. Again, not going anywhere near that mess.
“You want us to succeed.  Don’t you? Why?”  Steve asked as Tony looked at him shocked.
“The thing is, we can.”
“No.” Wanda stated adamantly sometime later after Tony and Bucky had come up with a basic game plan.
"The hellish decrepit looking bird creature in the rift. If she is allowed into this world then she will consume all life on Earth, down to the very core of the planet."
What’s gonna happen to Bucky?
“Hey, this is no time to panic.  We are the ones responsible for dealing with this issue.”  Director Fury shouted out in an authoritative manner.  It seemed to do little good.
Fury’s voice came up over the com’s.
“Hey that is better that most humans! Most certainly.” Thor all but cheered.
The Soldier could tell where this was heading. He sighed heavily.
"No more a slimy creature than you, Stark!"
“Cross your heart and hope to die?”
"My Keystones of course. As the sole representative or should I say champion of my chosen race, they are the ones that ultimately give me permission to harvest the souls on their planet."
Tony broke out in a cold sweat at that bunny's insinuation. The genius's greatest fears had been realized when he heard a strange wailing coming from the blackhole.
Just when Steve was going to give up and write off the poor little Becka as a lost cause, his last life giving breath into her spurred a fantastic coughing fit. She spittled a whole number of things into his mouth but he didn’t care. She was alive and that was all that mattered.
What was he thinking? That ship had sailed…
Steve continued, “This is it every one, are you all with me?” Almost redundant to ask.
Before he even began to realize it he had drawn that farmhouse of old once more.  As soon as he realized what he had produced he sighed.
Chapter Eight: Knowledge
Others nodded in agreement, and Clint’s eye twitched before he rolled them and groaned.
“She kissed you and said…” He exhaled and inhaled rapidly, “She said she has something special in store for you.” He gulped trying to regain control.
“I tell you what Cap. When we finish this case, all in one piece of course, we are all going on vacation. Everyone will have their choice on where they wanna go; all on me.”  Tony stated with absolution staring up at the sky.
“I figured we could use all the help we can get.” Maria said as she gestured to Jane. Steve shook her hand.
“Yes. Those are your only two options.”
“All right! Here’s what we are going to do—“ Director Fury began to order but was cut off by a shrill ring.
It was not long before I got my real first lesson on how the universe actually operated. It was a normal day, it started like all the others had, so I did not even fathom how it was all going to change.
“Shoot on sight.”
“Stark, I know we have most of our resources trying to keep track of Calamity but seeing as she can control her visibility to us we need to prioritize now and search for this soldier.”  Fury commanded.
Responses of his team's shock and horror cascaded over him.
“I didn’t know you bastards were that ruthless, sons of bitches!” He shouted at them before looking back down at Victor. He began to kick the doctors body around and then spat on him.
Bucky shook his head remorselessly. “Not like this.”
A/N: Hi everybody! Welcome back to my story. I come bearing an update that didn’t take over a month, yay!
Unfortunately, the portal kept spewing hundreds of chrysalises every two minutes or so.
He wrenched his right arm out of Iron Man’s grasp painfully, intending to twist around and bash his elbow into a weak joint in the armor. Tony saw it coming, however, and grabbed Steve’s wrist and pulled out and twisted brutally, successfully dislocating the Captain’s arm and breaking his wrist while crushing his hand. Steve wailed in perdition. He could feel the force of it tear minutely at his vocal cords.
"Wait! No!" Tony shouted as he tried to get to the bunny as fast as he could.
He chuckled at the thought.
Then, she fluttered away from Tony and landed on Steve's shoulder.
"Damn, he's a slippery Fucker, isn't he?"
Tony woke with a start. Nightmares had been plaguing him relentlessly since that God awful mission four days ago. After his team had brought him back to the tower safely, he had isolated himself in his lab not long after regaining consciousness. When he wasn’t trying to drown out his nightmares with dangerous amounts of coffee and alcohol, he was restlessly trying to solve the mystery of the nauseatingly complex puzzle that is the dense data code Calamity gave to him.
“And if we go back a little over a minute… Look here in the far corner. This woman, I don’t recognize her.” She was indicating a woman with long raven hair tied back in a braid.
Tony almost wanted to smile proudly and voice his swelling pride yet given the situation he wisely remained silent knowing the Captain would likely just shoot his ass.
"Don't be!" The man snapped suddenly. "It was my fault. We had a falling out and if I didn't act so rash then I don't know, things might have turned out different." He explained despondently.
Steve nearly recoiled at her question. He thought back. It had been so long. Bucky always had a different answer for all of them. Eventually Steve realized Bucky came up with alternatives just to mess with him and keep him occupied. Steve smiled.
'No! This isn't real.' His mind and heart supplied.
The Rhododendron and his goons laughed cruelly as they began making Tony do tricks in the sky, even going as far to take turns maneuvering him about. In the sky Tony had gotten a whole new level perspective. He felt utterly violated in ways he knew he could never be able to express.
“Then explain it. Because I really want to understand.” He said softly yet unrelenting.
He shook his head. Now was not the time to dwell on that bit. But there was something else that niggled at him. Something that the waitress earlier.
“They would stop us before we even got off the ground.” Pietro countered.
“No, she just said she took our kin.”  Tony replied.
After a few seconds,
Catching Steve's look, the man put his hands up placatingly.
“I’ve come to help work on arm designs, good thing too if that flipper is all you got.” He replied.
Meanwhile…
Speaking of dead ends, there had been relatively no new developments in the Calamity case, even with everyone pooling their resources.  Despite all of the information Calamity provided it was all still useless.  It’s like she knew no matter how much she revealed, none could hope to stop her anyway.  Tony had yet to completely decipher the encryption but kept assuring everybody that he was close.
Bucky’s expression twisted in pain and horror.
(See the end of the chapter for
He touched his left wrist absently, the markings still as prominent as ever.
Everyone stopped cold and stared at the Captain in absolute shock. After the occupants of the room gathered their bearings most were thinking the same thing. Did he just drop an F-bomb!?
“Sir?” Natasha interjected. “We checked all ship wide records. Based on all of the comings and goings of all crew, staff, and agents there is no way she could have gotten on this vessel without some modicum of detection. It is my opinion, Sir, that she had very well appeared here out of thin air.” Fury deliberated for a moment.
"Enough!" He shouted. "It's bad, but we have to keep going. I'm sure if we can just capture that fucking rabbit; we can stop most of this." He turned his attention to Tony. "Stark, I know I'm asking a lot from you, but is it possible to take control of the doom bots? Can you commandeer them?"
A/N: Welcome back everyone! This came in a bit earlier this time, yay. Thank you all for those of you who took the time to leave a review. It is always much appreciated. Without any further ado on the show!
Suddenly, Calamity's visage materialized into view. She floated just opposite of him.
"Yet, even after all that effort, you still failed." Steve replied thoughtfully with a dash of petty derision. He was still digesting the full-length in which she took to get him to submit to her.
Dodge right.
“Ugh, you are so infuriating!” She walked a few steps away before turning again.
It was because they couldn’t trust him.
“Yes sir!” Tony saluted.
Nobody paid him any mind knowing that they would have responded the same if the crazy genius hadn’t first.
They screamed daddy daddy over again until they both ended up tackling him to the ground.  And he just laughed heartedly while the mom watched laughing at the doorway.  They then got excited again and said that they made a new friend and gestured to me.  I shook his hand and he said that I was welcome there any time.  It was definitely the best summer I ever had.”  Tony stopped for a moment smiling wistfully at the memory.
“God, this is so stupid.” Bucky said, but relented. “Fine! What the hell?”
Jeez! I still didn’t get to my main key points that I wanted to this chapter. It just kept growing and got out of control. I had these key points since chapter 5. *Sweat Drop* Uh, I originally thought this thing was going to be 10-15 chapters way back in the day. At the rate I am going I was dead wrong. Lol. Any comments and theories welcome.
Alas, it could not stay that way.
So yeah drop me a review and tell me what you think about it.
Crazy guy squealed like a stuck pig anyway.  Apparently, Tankar was hired by a man simply known as Harker.  Harker was working on something big, so he had hired Tankar to be a significant distraction.  Something to keep the Avengers and the world busy as he executed his plans.
“What I mean is like almost hellish.  Like the fact that they had indeed truly survived was a miracle in that of itself.  I mean from what I’ve gathered from a lot of these cases Jimmy and Gloria’s past were like sunshine and rainbows.  And it only served to take so long to find these connections because many of these people did as much work as they possibly could, did everything in their power to make it like it never existed.  They went through several different channels some legit and some not so legit to erase their past.
They were seated in a lounging area in Tony’s workshop equipped with various refreshments upon Clint’s request.
He had a hunch that for some time they have been gambling on him. Soon his irritation melted into cold nausea. Here he was freaking out over what his team thought about whether or not he was gay and he was supposed to be trying to figure out what happened to Steve.
A/N: Woot! I'm so close to being finished with the story I can taste it. The story will likely end around chapters 46 or 47. I kinda wanted to stretch it to chapter 50 and leave it off on a solid even number but I don't think there's much more I can really solidly write story wise that isn't just going to be weird filler.
Everyone had reconvened in the super duper meeting room after Jarvis’s alert.  It was only 6:30am at that point and still several hours before the next meeting was supposed to start.  Many had yet to even sleep a wink.  This was going to be one stressful day.
“Yes! Now go clean up my PR mess.” She smirked.
Before Tony could continue working he received an alert.
Steve heard Ellie whine from the kitchen.
“I-I’m not going to fight you Buck.” Steve replied brokenly. “You’re my friend.”
… Right…
“Please don’t do this.” She had tears in her eyes.
I apologize for any and all errors. Don't forget to leave me a review!
From another angle, Spiderman’s web shot out and latched on to Tony and Steve, pulling them in. He then created more webs that connected Clint’s cable to Rhodey, and Sam and Thor to his own silky reinforcements.
“Yes, according to my father Asgard managed to rescue a little over 600 individuals from the Calamity upon the planet Körga. They were safely relocated to varying parts of the universe in many different realms. They all fell within a month. Each one, one by one.” Thor stated attempting to remain stoic.
Everyone knew they were about to go down a bad road.  Remembering what happen that day; it was Loki’s intention to drive everyone apart and right now it was about to happen again.
“Stark!?” Fury, along with everyone else was waiting for an explanation.
This sort of thing was not his forte.
He tore open the bin and began to pull out clothes. When he hit the bottom he cheered. There they were, rubber rain coats.
Everyone froze ready for the worst.
“Between three days and a week, Sir.”
“Listen, I’ve been in your head. I know what he means to you, even now.” She grimaced, her own opinion of Tony cringe worthy. “Do you really mean to leave it all the way it is? To have so much remain unsaid?”
Steve took a deep breath and continued from the moment he woke up in the tower. He pressed on in explicate detail. He recited word for word his conversation with Fury when he told him that he was literally going to be locked up in the tower on house arrest and barred from duty and under constant surveillance. ‘For his own safety.’
“An issue has come up.”  Fury stated as he activated footages on the meeting room monitor.
Tony knew he wouldn’t be able to hold on for long, however. The genius saw that he was the closest to him, maybe if he got his boot jets working, he could swoop in and collect him before the soldier was sucked into the hole completely. Before Tony could even think about the repercussions, he began to hook up the rest of his armor to his own arc reactor.
Steve cupped Tony's face, stroking his beard lovingly and stared deep into his chocolate eyes. He leaned down and licks Tony's lips, initiating another mind-blowing kiss. While the Captain was distracted, Tony ran his hands back over Steve's thighs then dipped between his legs and gently palmed his hardened member though his jeans. The Captain broke their kiss then tossed his head back and groaned lewdly making Tony shiver.
"Yes! Guys?" He called out to everyone over the coms. "Jarvis says all of the Calamity devices are active. I'll let you know if it works when I get confirmation."
‘I knew it!’
“Come on Tony, you really wanna do this?”  All the genius did was look up and smile at him.
Not only that, it was stirring up some very unsettling emotions. Like déjà vu but not really. It was definitely trying to trigger some long-forgotten memory, that was for sure. And with nothing but hours to sit and think everything over he couldn't help but to allow his thoughts to dance between his worry for Peggy and the baby and trying to decipher the odd feelings he was getting. He hoped that somehow, he could eventually remember whatever it was he had forgotten.
It gave him just the jolt that he needed to stay awake. Tony forced his attention on to their iron gripped hands, then from there allowed himself to make eye contact with Steve. His heart jolted at the contact, like it needed any more abuse at this moment… But the one thing he was definitely able to discern, was that Steve definitely had a plan.
Just as he was about to give up and leave, the door opened abruptly.  Tony stood there with an air of impatience that served to put a deep scowl on the Captain’s face that morphed into a full on glare when Tony rolled his eyes.
“How does this feel?” Tony asked continuing his examination.
Tony was about to protest.
Steve looked Tony in the eye and replied, "No, I guess I can't, but if you wanted to take me on a date all you had to do was ask." Steve said with a smirk.
"It suits you well. Your friend knew what she was talking about." Steve remarked.
She definitely hit the nail on the head with that one. Sometimes he really hated how well she could read him.
“Mr. Barton is on the range, Sir.”
The pony seemed to be half drawn at that point.
He watched as Steve slowly turned his head to his direction.
Yeah right.
'Bucky?!' Flashes of silver and red hit Steve suddenly.
“At first, really fucking painful. But now it feels somehow hot and cold at the same time.” He said regarding the arm with a thoughtful smile.
He sighed, apparently this place was a type of registry.
Steve intensified his glare, biting his tongue.
Steve’s eyes widened and stared at Tony alarmingly watching as he was taking in the fine details of his work.
“Oh god what now!?”  Tony groaned.  He looked over at Steve.  “Promise me whatever this new thing is you won’t get involved.”
Just as she finished speaking a red alert started blaring.
“Boss!?”
The verdict was in, he was infinitely more suicidal than Steve.
Steve laughed. “Sure thing, Babydoll, here,” he grabbed a freshly made canvas. “I made this just a little earlier. Give Rocky the most radiant girlfriend in all the lands.” He chuckled, handing it over.
“After you all had first contacted me, I did some digging.” Thor stated as he untied the leather binding of the scroll.
Director Fury rubbed his forehead and sighed. He left without a second glance.
The genius watched him in absorption. His attention was on Steve 100%.  He began to shift uncomfortably in his seat.  His pants may have started to become a bit tight.  Swiftly Tony realized Steve staring at him.
“What the hell are you doing standing there you piece of shit! Kill him!” Harker bellowed.
Tony frowned when he realized that the mother kept shoving eggs through the hole even when part of herself was wedged in the opening. He did not know if her presence would hinder the holes closure. This sort of thing was all new to him. In theory, because the hole wasn't technically physical like, for example, an ordinary doorway, the portal, being spatial and dimensional, could simply close around her or even through her. Unfortunately, Tony did not know either way. Again, all new experience.
“Like all the breath left my lungs and I was drowning.” Replied Natasha.
“Could it be possible that our detection sensors had been tampered with?” The Director inquired.
His team watched the twins wearily.
"For now. Perhaps in a millennia or two I shall retest your planet and try my luck then. I cannot stop here and I cannot go on without Midgardian souls. I did not come this far to only come this far."
‘Well…’
She stepped a few paces back from him and took a deep breath then began to change form.
"Don't worry Ellie, I am happy to report that the battle with the dust bunnies was a no contest. Avalon slayed them effortlessly."
Iron Man shifted and forced his face down to the pavement.
Yeah, bring him in and what? Lock him away too? He did not say that though. No matter how much he wanted to argue that lovely point. Instead he thought of another possible argument.
“Ouch!” Tony yelped as he collided with a floor.
The sound shook him down to the bone.
Oh, how wrong he was.
"I don't understand."
“I hope you did not show my sister any strange fantasies.” Pietro teased with mock anger.
He felt it, he was so close it was right there, as if it were on the tip of this tongue.
It's not like she abandoned or mistreated her dolls either. Just the other day she had taken them all down, changed their clothes and brushed their hair and had apparently held an important club meeting. She was probably going to do it all over again to introduce everybody to Princess Avalon.
Steve looked up at him questioningly.
“I can go through the list again. Hell, I can add more. Like the time you-“
“Well damn, if the professor is sure then we gotta go hunting for an alien jack ass who is in sore need of an arrow shot through his face!” He blurted excitedly already salivating over the chance to try out his new archery equipment Tony fashioned for him.
“That’s right. So why would I tell you anything!?”
“No! I just got you back! Is not fair!” He shouted breaking down.
“It looks like a tree.” Pepper stated awestruck.
“It’s not necessary Bucky, it’s not going to matter.”
"What happened?" Hawkeye called out over the coms. "The hole is looking pretty funky!"
“Well how dare you eavesdrop on a conversation with myself! I’m going to tell Jarvis on you.”
Tony watched as the blood drained from that foul bunny's face.
“Bucky!?”
“Stevie?! You showed this innocent young lady your kinky perverse fantasies??”
Sensing a shift in the air, Barnes hazard a quick glance at Tony. Big mistake. Tony delighted in the visible gulp the soldier made.
When his eyes adjusted he looked upon the lands surrounding the compound in horror.  They looked very much like a battlefield.  Steve broke down in a cold sweat over the horrifyingly familiar sight.
“For you, my love, I can do that.”
"Empathy? I don't understand."
BANG!!
Family.
“Ah huh, he is very strong. But I couldn’t make his gold feathers stand out right.” She said with a pout.
“I’m sure we will.” Peggy replied watching as Ellie now had something else to discuss with Maria.
He had been rather appalled at the slow rate of healing that most humans underwent for serious injuries. He had been completely unhappy to learn how long it took for ‘His’ Jane’s broken wrist to heal.  Things were just different in other galaxies.
Suddenly, a dead doom bot nearly landed on top of him.
“Well, it may be nothing or … everything.” Clint replied. He activated the monitor in the room it showed security video footage. Before he could continue there was an alert that stated Bruce banner was to enter the room.
He couldn't remember anything. He was so lost he did not know who he was, where he was, why he was, all his mind and heart could supply him was that this was not real.
“Thank goodness!”  He exclaimed utterly relieved.  All of his worries have been put to rest.  Now that he knew everyone was safe and sound exhaustion took over.  Before he knew it he slipped back into a deep sleep.  Before he was out completely, however, he heard the faint muffled sound of his teammate’s voices.
“Time, love. Or in this case to give you back the time you lost when you were frozen for seventy years.”
Tony had come to the realization that the fucker probably has some sort of operational spatial distortion on his person, essentially a force field. Enough to avoid any and every attack aimed at him. Likely a clear straight punch in his face standing still wouldn't work. Probably the only thing that could work were heavy explosives. Unfortunately, Tony couldn't risk something of that magnitude in such a confined space.
Just as he landed on the street something or someone punched him in the gut, hard. He hit the ground with a roll. He could not see anybody. Suddenly he heard another shot ring out. The pavement next to his face exploded with dust and asphalt particles.
The genius only nodded.
“You and I both know they would not have let you done that. I was a lost cause and you had a mission.”
“Well, all right then.” He said grabbing the paper. He turned to Ellie, “Go get your shoes on, we are going to go get ice cream!” He explained.
“Yeah! Be there in a minute.” He answered.
Tony choked back the sob that tried to claw its way out of his chest. Not yet, he was not done yet. When everything was all said and done, he could break down then. But not now, not yet.
What was he was thinking of again?
What he wanted to do was exactly the perfect thing to do with the last of his life. He was going to save Bucky. He could not save him seventy years ago but he was definitely going to save him now. If it was the last thing he was going to do… Literally.
"You both did." She replied.
Steve nodded slowly and Tony couldn’t help it. He leaned in to claim Steve’s lips again. The genius held back moaning in relief when Steve began to kiss him back. The kiss was phenomenal. Tony just wanted to melt in ecstasy. He shifted and began to deepen the kiss further and the moment his tongue touched Steve’s he became like a live wire.
Except for her.
So Happy Birthday Steve!
He startled slightly when the mother roared again. He snapped his head up an alarm and found that he was now far too close to her for comfort. She now had her entire head and even a decrepit claw shoved through the portal opening. She flailed about agitatedly.
Steve had winced at that.  He knew it was a possibility but he was rather impulsive at the time.  They also told him that the properties of his vibranium shield neutralized the core when he fractured it.  Apparently that had been the absolute best course of action in that scenario.  All other alternatives would have led to significant collateral damage.
A BLACK HOLE.
“You are a sharp one, insolent even, despite being in such a desolate state of existence!” She laughed. “You never cease to amaze me! I am immensely happy to have chosen you.” She took a deep breath. “That my dear, Steven, is for me to know and you to discover later. Now choose.” She demanded.
Steve looked at Xavier and to the others and realized everyone was watching them. He made eye contact with Tony and smiled.
Steve began to protest before Bucky began again.
Tony studied the medical stats thoroughly before proceeding.
“Do you see why I deepened the shadow here?” He asked making a few more markings.
Steve gulped audibly. He couldn't imagine. Still, he worried.
“Five Doom Bots have been wreaking havoc on the outskirts of Goodlettsville Tennessee at a secure research facility.  Sue Storm has informed me that she and the rest of her team are unavailable due to confidential reasons. Your mission is to wipe them out. Stop them from hurting anyone else by any means necessary.  And above all stop them from finding whatever is they’re trying to find.  You have your orders.”  He stated with supreme authority.
She looked down on him and frowned. "You have no value to me. I have made my choice; the deal is done." She announced with finality.
“It’s a heavy and sensitive subject, and out of everything that has happened the last few days, it seems I am in need of some real… Perspective.” Tony began.
Cue the Halleluiah chorus, please.
“All you have to do is push this button and it will do the rest. Got it?”
It was blank.
“And this gorgeous Princess is Eleanor.” Howard introduced Ellie.
He felt incredibly guilty. He may not remember what it was he was so lost in thought about, but he knew however, that he definitely was not thinking about Peggy. Now that was something to be scared about.
“And what do you believe?”
Somehow, they both finally had a day free from their countless duties, so, they had promised that spare time to each other.
“Not if we time it right.”
"Okay, Babydoll, do you know where the seamstress is? All I know is its general direction." He said pointing east.
He stared at Steve’s empty stool for a while, he felt his face get heated and his eyes become wet. He wrenched his gaze away in disgust and anguish before suddenly dropping his blankets and bolting out the door. He ran mindlessly through the halls with no conscious destination in mind. He just needed to get out of there. He needed solace. He did not know where he could possibly find it, if it were even at all possible to find.
"Hey Dumbass, glad you could join us." Barnes- Captain America quipped over the coms.
“Come on, it’ll be fun.” Tony said as he started entering commands into his phone.
'Oh God, this is it! This is how I'm going to die.'
“What!? Everyone’s thinking it!
Here goes nothing. He steeled himself as he opened the door. The room was as basic as they came. It had a bed tucked away in one corner with a desk and a dresser on the other side. Two closed doors lined the wall opposite the entryway. One led to the bathroom, the other to the closet. Tony spotted Barnes quickly enough, he was huddled down on the floor wedged between the desk and the dresser.
“I am no one.” The soldier answered brutally broken, almost questioning it.
It was… gone.
“Ah ha! So, you finally decided to show up Captain! I have no idea what they were thinking, trying to use that creature to fool me!” He sneered.
“Well, stay on it, Jar.” Tony said as he continued to analyze the medical equipment.
What?  Destroy the core?  Was that what he was doing?  Yes!  It was important to destroy the core.
The bastards laughter was drowned out, however, by Iron Man’s weapons fracturing the earth beneath them as Hawkeye barely managed to escape another onslaught.
“You…  Won’t…  Win…”  Tony shuddered out.
He sighed heavily.
“This is by far more accurate than what you have managed to conceive so far.” She tossed the drive to Tony.
He thought for a moment. His first instinct was to turn her away but after everything that has happened he didn’t have a heart to deny her anything.
His chest was heaving deeply from the exertion, his vision was blurry and his face was wet. He felt the tears roll down his cheeks and realized with gut wrenching horror that he was crying.
“It’s nearly time! Victor has come close to finding us!” The rotund man shouted from his perch upon a velvet seat. “Graham! Prepare the twins, bring the asset to me!”
The only things Steve could really gather was that if the man really existed somewhere and had to do with a mission that may or may not be ongoing, then Steve's state of amnesia may be putting the man in jeopardy. He hoped not. But he figured that if that was indeed the case, someone, somewhere would contact him and ask him what the issue was.
“Even more surprising was the contents of the letter.”
There were at least twenty people scattered about within the pews. Now all he had to do was find Bucky. Oh man, he was so close to finding him. He could feel it. He was definitely here.
Then, I truly despaired.
Tony quickly took out his phone.  “I…  I have no connection.”  He uttered in desperation.  “Jarvis?!”  He shouted desperately.
“No escaping.” She said as she produced a knife out of nowhere.
Everyone complied but Tony. He remained frozen staring at the captain’s wrist. Steve could see were Tony’s mind was heading.
He slowly poked around the room until he found a pair of sweatpants. It’ll do. He made it to the door, limping slowly. He wondered if Scott, Johnny and Ben were okay. They had a run in with those odd siblings. He did not know the extent of their abilities. He hoped they were fine.
But the thing is Steve manipulated them. Tony really did not see that one coming. He didn’t even think Steve was even capable of it. It’s like… it’s Steve Rogers were talking about here. The poster boy for that all-American good guy, the symbol of virtue and chivalry. He still cringes when someone uses vulgar language. That man had planned in secret and deceived them, had used him…
(See the end of the chapter for
Calamity was approaching Victor from behind. The Captain watched it all happen as if in slow motion. His team noticed it too. Steve could hear them calling out to him trying to get his attention but his eyes were glued to that infernal woman who had staked claim on his life, his soul.
Steve quickly threw his shield at the robot intending to sever its head from its body.  But instead of slicing right through like it would with the other bots it bounced off.  Realizing quickly that he was gonna have to get creative Steve backed off to plot.
This was just incredible.
“Very well.” Fury sighed heavily.
Soon enough they had arrived at the research facility.  Three of the Doom Bots were still wreaking havoc outside.  The other two must have infiltrated the building.
“Just you wait you little asshole! I’ll get you back. I’m still winning at thirty-four!” Tony barked, kicking the bolt away as he made his way to the exam station.
And so it was that an uneasy calm fell over the helicarrier.
Bucky nodded solemnly. There was still much work ahead of them before anything can truly be anything close to “hunky-dory.”
He instantaneously felt the drain on his chest piece but took no time launching himself after Steve.
“How…” He began.
“Can anything?”  Tony shot quickly.
Nor the second.
The Directors voice came on after Jarvis.
“Or, that provocative painting you did to get to art school.”
“Yep, this is the life.” He bemoaned as he wrapped his arms around himself. “Great fucking life.”
Unfortunately, what I found on other planets was more of the same. The inhabitants finding inventive ways to subjugate, conquer and kill each other.
A/N: Just Two more chapters left. I can hardly believe it. I've been working on this for 7 years now. Just the last of the Story and an Epilogue. I've got chills.
"If you're sure?" She said hesitantly.
“If we do stop you, what will happen to the people that have already fallen?”
Barnes stood back laughing. He gestured out twenty-three with his hand as he tried and failed to contain his chuckles.
"I'm sorry for asking but what is that? It's been bugging me for a while now." He said pointing to the device over his heart.
They sat down comfortably and had Jarvis send up some snack items. Fruits, meats, cheeses and crackers were among the foods laid out before them. They were easy finger foods so they could eat at their leisure and not be pressured to eat anything more than a single cracker if that is the absolute smallest amount either could keep down.
Fury was cut off by Tony’s phone that started to beep alarmingly at an increasingly louder faster rate. Then Tony started to look awfully stricken. Everyone’s attention was on Tony now.
Tony glanced sideways at him then sighed. “Because he was my first. A.I., I mean. He’s perfect as he is.” Tony replied with something of a rueful exasperated smile. “I’ll upgrade his body from time to time so he can help me with my projects but Dumm-E is still Dumm-E and Butterfingers is Butterfingers.” He said with a genuine laugh, gesturing to the other robot who was sweeping near a whirring machine. “And Jarvis is Jarvis.”
“Oh my god! How did I not see it before?! You… You lost everything! I mean I knew but –“
Then one day I guess they got tired of me just standing there staring, so they invited me to play.  I agreed only to get to the bottom of that mystery, why the hell they were so damn happy all the time.  They had introduced me to their mother, she was so kind and sweet I thought she was trying to trick me or something.  I kind of made a game of it.  She made homemade cookies and fresh squeezed lemonade and then there was pie day…”   Tony paused for a moment obviously reminiscing about that lady’s pie.
The Alien prince stared at Clint with a look of mock hurt. He gave Clint a wicked smirk in response
“It shall end in calamity.”
“Ah, that’s the question isn’t it?  Can you save everyone from me?”  She smiled easily reading Steve.  “If you stop me they wake up and all will be as it was before, as if I were never here.  She answered.
“Already working on it.”  Natasha replied sending a nervous glance to Tony who looked ready to be sick.
“Storm, locate high levels of electrical fields and diffuse them. Those critters appear to be feeding off of them, take away their food they can’t replicate.”
For some reason he couldn’t help but to think of Tony at this time. Wishing he was there with him.
He scratched his wrist.
"This is just fucking great! Why did I even come here?!"
They were both completely silent for a time.  The palette upon the canvases surface made a slow descent down before completely sliding off and clattering onto the floor.  The sound shocked both of them.
Howard Stark engage. Imagine that.
“Is that…?” He looked at Tony questioningly.
"Oh God."
“No! I have to find him!”
Tony was starting become overly big headed and snarky. Bruce started to look a little green and the Beast was growling. Fury was fuming with his hand on his firearm. Coulson was also looking twitchy with his hand on his own gun. Natasha had a neutering glint in her eye. Clint was seeing targets and even Professor Xavier was starting to look as if he was going to pull something drastic.
She looked as if she was in deep meditation. What the hell was she doing up there?
“She said that you were her Keystone, Steve.”  Johnny answered remorsefully.
‘Holy shit…’ most thought. They all nodded in agreement to Tony's question. Fury was pissed that he had actually let his emotions get in the way of making the proper decisions of a leader. He felt shitty, he couldn’t even blame it of Loki’s evil glow stick of death this time…Or could he... Nope, Nope, Nope. This was all him. They were so lucky to have Captain America looking out for them. They might end up utterly fucked if he wasn’t.
“This came for you by the way. The post man just delivered it.” She said.
Oh, God he was crying now.
That perked her up considerably.
Bucky turned to him slowly.
Tony spent the next several hours coming up with idea after idea for prosthetic arms. Some were practical, some overly embellished and for shits and giggles. Some were completely outlandish and most certainly utilized the sex toy design and one design had to do with a rubber chicken.
“Wait, wait, wait, hold on. You mean all that trouble with figuring out the data she gave you was just to get her energy signature?” Barnes asked incredulously.
What Tony saw made him want to vomit.
Far easier said than done, unfortunately.
“I also brought Betty with me, she’s looking over the patients now.” Maria added.
The genius looked down at the mess of papers on the floor and his eyes landed on the creepy journal. He shook off the feeling of dread and gathered all of the contents of the package and stuffed them in a satchel he pulled out of a compartment.
He tried so hard not to think of Bucky today. But his friend was so permeated into his life that he was constantly there. In his own mind, as he was, it had only been two weeks. He looked upon Eleanor as she watched him expectantly, patiently waiting for him to finish his thoughts. As much as it would hurt to talk about Bucky, Steve realized that there was no way in hell he wanted to keep any part of his lost brother from Ellie.
“As far as we can tell their brains and bodies are functioning perfectly as if they are awake and well.”  Added Fury.
“And another thing, what were you doing carrying that crap anyway?” As Tony was about to go on yet another livid rant Steve decided to intervene.
Fuck you universe!
Natasha was still tearing up every so often while Clint tried to comfort her.  She had fallen for the good Doctor and Steve’s heart broke for her.  If Tony fell he did not know if he could summon the strength to continue.  He almost could not go on after Bucky died but his fury over Hydra’s existence was enough fuel to keep going.  And back then he had Peggy too, an unspoken promise between them of a bright future together.  Bucky would’ve wanted that for him.  Even if it didn’t work out that way at least there was a future to look forward to.  Now?  This was the end of the line.  Perhaps that is how Natasha found the strength to be here now.  She had likely accepted the fact that all this was going to happen anyway.
If only she knew.
He sighed, "I'm fine, Babydoll. I just got a lot of overwhelming thoughts going on in my head right now." He said handing the butterfly net back to her.
It’s over, Harker was dead.
It had been two days since Barnes’s shocking revelation. Two days since Tony’s universe had been turned inside out and upside down once again. Tony knew, having hacked and scoured SHIELD’s archives, that Hydra was likely behind his parent’s "accident." He knew his father was into some deep secretive shit as evidence of his affiliation with SHIELD. But this was a whole new acrimonious level of ‘what the fucking shit’ kind of shock.
Tony sighed. When Thor finally showed up things were going to get lit.
Chapter Thirteen: Drenched In My Pain Again
“Listen, I don’t have much time but someone has framed…”
The sky is falling, hell froze over, pigs are flying and Nat’s blushing.
Oh hello headache, welcome back.
"Hmm, must have chickened out again." Barnes drawled disappointingly.
“More like threatened…” Tony muttered under his breath. Clint rose an eyebrow and gave him a knowing look. “Yeah okay. It seems that after what happened with Barnes, I need some enlightening. So, enlighten me.” He was not quite sure how to proceed without broaching the subject like an insensitive ignorant nutcase.
"It's obviously entirely possible." Iron Man replied impishly.
He scratched it.
"I'm sorry." Steve whispered not intending to startle the man.
“No it wasn’t like that, well I first maybe, but as time went on I did think that it would be a great place to raise kids, you know…  Like my kids one day…”  Steve said the last part quietly as he trailed off waiting for Tony to start poking fun at him.
Steve was still utterly perplexed by the entire situation. But at the end of it all he couldn’t help but to be glad that they weren’t in too much trouble, especially showing up face to face, relatively uninvited, with an army like that. Things very well could have ended up much worse. At least they were on the path to finding answers.
Tony forced the bile down and had to remind himself that Steve would know better. But the awful thought alone was alarming. He couldn’t think straight, the panic was rising. He futilely uttered a few more overrides that had failed, before addressing the Rhododendron.
“Yeah,” he cleared his throat. “Do you know where Bucky is?” He asked finally.
He sighed heavily as he went to relocate the indicated items.
“Now that I believe.” Sam agreed.
“What the fuck are you saying? You want me to lead you?? You are insane! How can you even fathom I could be a leader?” He demanded. “Idiot! Someone from your team should lead! Not… Me.” He added stricken.
The Aftermath of encountering and engaging Bucky in battle.
“Ok well, our victims here Gloria Smith number 74 and Jimmy Smith number 75 grew up in Shore Springs Alabama were they spent most of their child hood until their mother Bethany Rose Smith drowned in the bath tub. She left behind her husband George Smith and two kids a thirteen-year-old Gloria and an eight-year-old Jimmy.
He looked at her in dismal fear, what would she think of him? He knows logically that she wouldn’t care, but what if she did? To thank Steve Rogers nearly kissed another man?!
“Indeed. How many of those realms have you discovered that I have, let’s say, visited a world?" She asked.
Tony considered him for a moment. The Captain is an extraordinary man that generally cares about the well being of, well, everyone.
Then, she changed into another humanoid like creature, this time she had patterned goldenrod skin and horns that jutted out like antelope antlers.
A/N: Hello! Welcome back to this wonderful adventure we’re having together. I know some of you are concerned that Steve has yet to go back in time. Have no fear it will happen by the end of chapter 25. Don’t forget this is a work in progress and it is going to be much bigger than I had ever hoped to anticipate. When I first started this I figured ten or fifteen chapters tops, to me it has grown to be something far more spectacular and I thank you all for your humble patience and support.
"Why?" Steve asked with growing apprehension and watched as the thing hatched.
0.5% is definitely better than nothing.
“You should write Stark a letter. Tell him everything.” She clarified.
“Do not sustain eye contact with the Rögvava, Man of Iron. She will suck all your life essence out!” Thor warned over the com line.
Of course my first thought was if only I had a family like one of those kids.  But I knew better than to do that to myself.  I knew I would never have that.
He laughed. "Come on, Babydoll, the sooner we get back to town the sooner we get ice cream."
Another explosion sounded.  The blasts were enough to distract Steve long enough to be knocked out from behind.  He cursed himself as darkness over to him.
Steve arrived to see the horrible disaster the poor clumsy robot made of Tony’s main work station. It bowed its robotic arm in shame as its fuming creator continued to scold it.
He did not know whether or not to be enraged or bitterly happy to know Tony had Pepper again. He was so lost and confused and in so much pain.
“Or, becoming Captain America.”
“Of course that is under the condition that I get to keep my keystone.”
He had gathered a few paint bottles and a water bucket and set them on the window seal of his chosen room. He set up his easel and a blank canvas. He quickly painted a rough blue background. Jane and Darcy had always been fascinated and drawn to this painting. This time was no different. They slowly approached him to see what he was working on. He smiled gently at them.
Steve stared at her with a look that clearly read that he was unamused. "I'm listening."
*~0~*
“I get the feeling one way or another it’ll happen.” He said distantly staring out the window watching the sky wake up with spectacular hues of vibrant gold, iridescent reds and oranges. Dawn was Steve’s most absolute favorite time of the day.
Instantly he realized that there was in fact a battle still going on. He flinched slightly as the ground shook harshly after Clint shot an explosive arrow at the bot. Steve began to realize with trepidation that perhaps they all were not a match for this particular Doom machine.  He watched as Hawkeye shot another arrow at the bot only for the machine to catch it midair and shoot it back to the Quin jet.
His team!  His family!  The Avengers!  And,
Steve thought about it for a moment. He still didn’t know if he was ready to talk about Bucky, but Tony was looking at him so genuinely and eagerly.
“Bucky, if I can get you and them out of here safely then that’s what I’m going to do. Please, let me have this. This is what I want. Go with them.”
“How many, Tony?” She continued unfazed. “How many innocent people died when you created more and more weapons unfazed? How many gallons of blood spilt when you turned a blind eye to the chaos and carnage they wrought? Hmm? How many people, Tony!? How many people have every right to call you a monster?”
Free?
And now, that metal arm was rapidly heading to his face.  He lifted his shield just in time to block and was shocked at how powerful that punch was.
As Steve was engrossed in the movement of the clouds Tony bounded up to him in excitement.
"But… But you love me too." She whispered heartbroken.
“Yeah, I am assuming you are talking about the exponential increase of unexplained coma cases?” Tony confirmed recalling the upsetting news that had in fact caught his attention.
“It’s in the code is in it?  The way to stop you.”  Tony asked, his voice strained.
“Very good, sweetie! You have a good head on your shoulders.” He praised.
“I’m… I’m still nowhere as good as you.” She said as if she were disappointed in herself.
Tony would have him instantly.
Steve chuckled to himself as he moved away from the roses.
All Kudos, comments and theories welcome!
“And those are my only two options? To be put… to sleep or to be sent back?” He asked, his voice surprisingly steady despite the profound damage. Steve tried to his hardest to comprehend the situation.
She landed with grace and elegance that made Tony want to vomit more than the shields hideous smell did.
“W-what did you say?” He asked breathlessly.
Calamity was leading them to a pattern.
Bucky held back his groan in pain when the stress on his mutilated chest protested vehemently. He took several deep breaths before nodding to Tony to continue.
"Yes, I really don't feel like trying to jump 400 feet." He said latching onto Iron Man's back.
“Hey! Get your ass back here so we can go!”
He could barely make out Natasha screaming his name as the wind raced past him. He angled his dive to hug close to a major support beam. The only one remotely accessible from his descent from the top floor and the odd shape of the building. He had to time it perfectly or lights out.
“Oh shit!” So not good!
As Tony moved out of the way and began to sip at his own cup of coffee, he absently watched the soldier prepare his cup. His idle curiosity soon morphed to morbid disgust when the soldier did not stop at two spoonfuls of sugar, as would be normal, but continue to add spoonful after spoonful until he had reached five, heaping ones at that. Bucky turned and smirked at Tony’s unconcealed revulsion.
"To Mommy?" He asked.
He moved back up the stairs and just as he was about to reach for the door, three zappers squeezed through the cracks. They emitted a pretty yellow and blue glow as electricity hummed through the fur on their bodies.
“Yeah, I know.” Steve replied miserably.
Steve’s gone! Calamity took him away not two hours ago. This was so stupid. The whole time Tony had been desperately trying to hold on to his rage and anger at Steve so that he didn’t have to face the whole nasty truth of it all.
Steve and Ellie kissed Peggy goodbye, then off they went.
Ah, modern technology: security cameras, video cameras, cell phones, and Wi-Fi, yep, if that woman’s face appears on any of them, well, then let the man hunt begin.
Probing the Captains mind again the telepath couldn’t help but to marvel at how righteous the man standing in front of him is.
“What about the children?”  Steve asked desperate to find out what happened to them.  Though finding that there were no fatalities had been an extreme relief.
“Dammit!” Tony belted out and rubbed his forehead.
Steve looked to Thor then to Tony for and explanation. Both gave him worrying glances. Thor leaned in and whispered to the Captain that he would fill him in later. He abruptly sat back straight as a pin when the doctor glanced his way.
“No, darling, this is yours and Ellie’s thing. Besides I have plenty to do around here and I don’t need you two distracting me.” She winked.
Amazingly they were able to work together effectively. Perhaps if everyone can keep going like this they may actually get somewhere.
“Listen Steve, I wasn’t in Texas… It wasn’t me, I don’t-“
“Oh come on now! You are all standing so stiffly. Please sit, I am not here to hurt to you or stop you.” She drawled.
“She healed everything.” Steve stated his voice cracking.
“I didn’t either. But from what I could tell the Doom bot was adaptive. The more we attacked it the more stronger and quicker it became. Obviously it didn’t have time to adapt to your overwhelming power according to Clint.” The Captain gave Thor a sideways smirk.
“Hold on tight!” Before he scooped up the group of children in his arms and kept running. The zappers grazed his exposed face and arms, he still felt the pain immensely but kept pushing on. Nothing was going to stop him.
He turned to the journal swiftly, hoping to write down what little he could remember before he forgot again. When he grabbed the Journal he froze, staring at it disbelievingly. Cold chills ran up and down his spine.
Steve watched Tony with a glare as he dragged open a drawer and pulled out a pad of sketch paper used for schematics and drafting and handed it to The Soldier.
“Wow, Daddy, I wish I were this good.” She sighed almost forlornly.
Everyone left the room one by one.  Steve stood still solemnly for a moment going over Thor’s last words over and over in his head.  No cure.  That would mean 75 people forever bound being…  It felt almost hopeless.  The thing they could do now is to do everything in their power to prevent that number from increasing any higher.
Something broke in his mind as tears began to spill. He began his onslaught again and again screaming brokenly, “You’re! My! Mission!” His metal hand making contact on each word for emphasis.
"Are you all right, Daddy?" She asked concerned.
Steve's eyes widened in shock. "No! It's not like that, not really."
They looked at him suspiciously.
He looked back to the water, what he saw made his blood run cold. An enormous gnarled beak began to emerge from the rift.
“My dear Steven, ‘tis true that I needed you to experience more pain but you must have realized by now,” She looked down sideways at him with a smirk. “Not all pain is that the physical kind.”
God, Steve was so mortified right now. If there was one person in the entire world whose opinion mattered most, it was Bucky’s. If Bucky rejected him because he was in love with another man he didn’t think he would survive. Steve pressed his lips together refusing to confirm or deny. Bucky knows him all too well however.
Tony kicked the chair from his position on the floor and it smacked right into Barnes, clipping him on the hip.
Steve stared transfixed at the drawing for a long time, trying to make sense of it all. Looking at the man's cocky face, Steve could identify fleeting tendrils of irritation and anger but surprisingly he found that he also felt wisps fondness and admiration for the man. Somehow, someway, Steve knew that he was, at the very least, a friend.
He sighed then sipped at his coffee some more. It was nearly at the perfect temperature where he could take solid drinks without burning the fuck out of himself. He almost envied the way the soldier was able to drink his coffee right after pouring it from the pot, without flinching, then going back for more. At least he was civilized about it. He’d seen Clint on numerous occasions take the entire pot and drink from the spout, the animal. He groaned internally.
“Sorry for the interruption, there has been a development.  As I was analyzing some of the blood work of our patients and going back over some of the other patients’ stats, there seems to be an intriguing anomaly.  All of them seemed to be exuding incredibly high levels of endorphins, dopamine and serotonin.
He hit the ground hard and tried his best to roll away from the rapidly advancing soldier. During his re
“And this is your solution?” He demanded very cynically.
Captain America and the other Avengers were perfectly in position. From what Steve gathered, Johnny got Dr. Doom talking and apparently the evil Doctor was looking for the base of Harker, the leader of an underground crime syndicate that usually delved in drug trafficking but had recently changed course and had been dealing in arms and unregistered technology. Victor Von Doom was enraged to discover that Harker hacked into his personal server and stole important data, which is why he was now on the warpath.
And then he was gone. Steve sucked in a deep shuddering breath.
To Tony’s credit he did not utter a sound, however, that did not make up for the fact he jumped ten feet out of his skin and spilt some of his coffee.
“Right away sir.”  The waiter replied as he fled quickly to fulfill the order.
Tony looked him up and down appraisingly. His chest tightened painfully and it didn't really hit Tony until that very moment how incredibly stupid his idea was. However, he couldn't deny how right it felt for Barnes to continue Steve's legacy. After seeing Barnes in the Captain America suit he had crafted for him weeks ago on a whim, there wasn't a single doubt in Tony's mind that Barnes picking up the shield was exactly the absolute best course of action and he was sure Steve would wholeheartedly agree.
