Though he supposed that was for the best.  He’d very nearly killed all three of them, he should not wait until he is
“Well, I wandered around for a bit.  Spent some time in Kynesgrove then moved on to Riften before I started to run low on funds and heard from a peddler that they were looking for someone to take over the inn in Ivarstead.  So, I made my way east, not really knowing where I was going.  Every person I asked just kept pointing in the same direction, telling me to follow the mountain.”
Silence settled between them heavily.
mind, Castiel suddenly spoke, his voice rough with disuse.
He blinked hard a few times and they vanished.  Ok so, he was probably close to passing out too.  Great.
“You ok?” Sam asked, taking another step closer.
tacos until they were eaten.
Blinking, Dean looked around quickly, expecting to see the angel standing serenely nearby, like he always did while Sam and Dean gathered themselves after a flight.  But Cas was nowhere to be found and a spike of worry wasted no time shoving itself down Dean's throat.
Cas blinked – just once – and Liam raised a hand, palm out and facing Cas. “Gently, Castiel.  Do you feel that breeze?”
“I know what I’m looking at Cas.  I’m looking at
Unbothered by the rain, several chickens were pecking at the ground between the cobblestones and they squawked in anger as the three men approached the house, flapping dramatically out of the way.
Dean finally got to his feet and staggered over to his brother, who was propping himself up on one elbow looking dazed, the cut on his temple coating the side of his face with blood.
“You can still hear prayers?”
Sometimes they talked while they sipped their coffee - but never about anything important. Sometimes Dean talked about what they should get for groceries that week because he'd found a recipe online that he was pretty sure Cas would love but it called for grape seed oil and they don't usually buy that kind of stuff. Sometimes Dean would mention another show they should watch on Netflix because it was so Cas' kind of humor and he knows the angel will like it.
As he set the phone in the dumb ass little holder Sam had stuck to the dash for navigation purposes, Dean couldn’t help singing along to the cheesy song under his breath.
"You have no idea what I'm feeling.”
“Dean,
Sam and Cas were both still sound asleep and the fire was burning strong in the grate, so he decided to get some more sleep himself before they had to be back on the road.
Dean grunted, heat creeping up his neck.  He took another sip of the tea he wished was whiskey, wondering why doing something nice for his friend made him feel so embarrassed.  That didn’t seem…normal.  Usually, he would have drowned that question with alcohol – which also didn’t seem normal.
he needed to re-carve the sigil.
was just one of many.  Fucking elves and cat people and dragons...and god only knows what else.  It was more comforting than it probably should be, knowing how special they
Cas' eyes were barely open but the sliver of deep blue glittered like gems in the orange sunlight filtering through the hide walls.  Dean’s gaze was pulled down by movement and he saw that Cas was absently fidgeting with his own feathers, twirling one slowly around his finger like someone might absently twirl a strand of hair.  He’d taken his armor off from the waist up, as well as his boots, and looked like he’d had a much more comfortable sleep than Dean had.
thing…but it certainly had its drawbacks.
He wondered how much time had passed between then and now.  Time was such a slippery bastard on a good day, he told himself he should not bother trying to track it when he was bound and drugged.
And Dean had been good right up until the no guns part.  “Wait, no guns?  Cas -”
Castiel's lips twitched.  His edges had softened already.  “Yes.”
, Dean had told him – and
He grabbed a long, elegant spear off the wall all the same and took a moment to admire the quality of it.  The shaft was a deep red and the spear tip bronze with a fine leather chord hiding the weld point.  He fed some of his grace in to it, strengthened the wooden fibers into steel.
Dean reached over and tucked the blanket back in from where it had shifted, and leaned back in the chair to finish reading aloud.
Too out of sorts to stop himelf, Dean pulled a face.  What the hell was a Hoarker?  It sounded like something ugly.
That too, had everything to do with emotion.  His blade was not really heavier, it only felt that way; his subconscious playing tricks on him because every other part of him wanted to keep that blade with him where it
Sam leaned heavily against him, mushing their shoulders together, and stared at the side of Castiel’s face.
The brothers blinked at each other and Dean hesitated.  “Er…no.  Are…are there different…kinds?”
When he turned, Cas was already on his feet, one vamp sprawled on her back, another motionless a few feet away with its head twisted around too far, and the other two crowding Cas into a corner.
Sam shook his head, looking just as helpless as Dean felt.  “We
"I'm still full, Dean. I don't want to eat right now." He looked incredibly uncomfortable with the idea and actually a little sick.
The fact that the angel was also shaky after their short trip through space made Dean feel a little bit better about how slowly he was recovering.  Though he supposed Cas had been working much, much harder than either he or Sam.  Mostly, Dean had just been gripping on to the angel like a terrified baby gorilla to its mother.
Behind her, Sam was walking over with a tray in his hands, but the second he saw the doctor he froze and then promptly veered off to the other side of the cafeteria where his suit wouldn’t tip off the doctor that he wasn’t here alone just to see his
A sound that could only be described as
Dean blinked.  “So if they're not interested in leaving their little mountain fortress then why are they even looking for this guy?  Is he part of their group or something?  Maybe they're worried he's out blabbing about all the stuff they know?”
“Sam's in the library,” Dean warned, remembering with a jolt that his brother was sitting right in their path to the kitchen. It wasn't that he was worried about Cas seeing Sam because they spent hours a day together, reading like the nerds they were, but more the unexpectedness of something in their path. “Just so you know.”
Because it was
“My, my, you’re very pale, Dean.  You look like you’ve seen a ghost.” Crowley chuckled.  He glanced around the war room disinterestedly, but was clearly taking everything in despite having been there before.
“There’s another problem, Sam,” Dean added quietly.  “He’s…I dunno he doesn’t seem all there.  When I picked him up from the diner he kept looking around like there was a hell hound on his tail and earlier he was looking at me like he thought I was gonna stab him or something, I –”
Sam's voice had turned grave but he didn't let it shake; though from the corner of his eye, Dean saw him wipe a hand down his face before leaning forward to rest his elbows on his thighs.
“I…I was banished.  By a woman.  She was in the bunker waiting for us when we got back.”  So late it was almost embarrassing, Castiel realized he needed to find out where the hell he was if he had any hope of getting back to help right the latest mistake he’d made and he straightened, shaking off the shock of hearing Dean’s voice and looking around for any clues that might tell him where he was.
one of the guild members.  It's unlikely they'll turn her over to us or tell us anything at all if she is one of theirs."
Cas made a soft noise of consent but watched closely as Dean came in to the room, blue eyes glinting sharply in the light coming through the open door.
“Uh…they looked pissed.”
Castiel was
But no.  They were doing ok.  He thought they were doing ok.  Last forty-eight hours aside.
Castiel did not hide from his enemies.
He couldn’t do this.  It was too huge and he was too emotionally challenged.
It was Sam, still sitting close enough to Castiel’s side that he could feel the man’s warmth, that was carefully and methodically petting his wing.
He cast around for anything to say that might provoke his attacker into giving something away; something Castiel could
was not allowed to come apart and lose control.
At the same time, Dean nearly retched at his own memory of Castiel's cheekbone shattering under his fist.
“Yeah,” Dean confirmed, sitting down on his own bench.  “And uh...I'm not sure how to fix it.”
Out of everything they had just learned,
"Evening!"  called the guy behind the counter.  "Or morning, I guess it is now."  The man chuckled, his cheeky grin hidden under an impressive mustash and beard.  "What can I do for ya, mister?"
Sam was sitting a few yards away, looking around with wide, curious eyes.  Then he gave a sudden start and stood, his head swivelling. “Where's Cas?”
“So do the colors of your feathers mean anything in particular?”
Dean couldn't help but agree.  Hot beef stew and honey bread?  Just the thought was making his mouth water.
Cas glared at him from ahead and he could feel Sam’s bitch face boring into the back of his skull, but Dean was too busy picking up the axe he’d just tripped over.
finished their food.  By then, Sam and Dean were both three beers deep and feeling a buzz.  If it was possible, the fog seemed to have gotten thicker as night – and the temperature – descended.
Betrayal and confusion reared against the inside of his ribs.  Why would they have done
It was well into the night, the moons hanging high in a crisp and cloudless sky, when they first spotted the Windhelm stables over the crest of a hill.  It has a spit of flickering light, likely from a window or two, but it was a destination in the dark and the sight of it renewed their energy a bit.
“I’m also sorry for threatening to murder you.”
“Apache City,” he read out loud.
“Cas is in trouble.  Big trouble.”
He thought wistfully of his memory foam bed and the silence of his bedroom, his muscles aching.
His heart stuttered in his chest.  “Oh…yes, um.  Metatron – he – when he –“
"You ever had one of these?!"  Sam cried, gesturing to the bottle.  It seemed a lot bigger now that he'd had a taste of its contents.
“What else?”
mistake.
With a grin, Dean turned back to Cas, immediately noticing that his wings looked considerably puffier than they had a second ago.  The little tiny feathers all along the leading edges had fluffed up, like how hair stands on end when a person gets spooked or has goosebumps, and the wings themselves had opened a little, moving away from Cas' body where they had been tucked tight against him a moment before.
The King of Hell sighed.  “
“Cas?”
Then Cas got up and moved to each brother in turn, pressing two fingers to their forheads – a little more roughly than usual – and they were both left with dry hair and pants.
Before Dean could comment, Castiel's gravely voice made them both turn.
He couldn’t keep going like this.  He couldn’t wait for them to find the release for this spell while he sat in this room and slowly lost his mind.  He was a soldier – an
, Dean told himself.  He sighed sharply through his nose, already able to feel Sam's concerned gaze on the back of his head.
Dean allowed himself to reach up and briefly squeeze Cas' shoulder.
The angel offered one of his half smiles.  “Of course,” he started down the hill and the brothers followed.  “The giants won't bother us as long as we don't get too close to them or their fire,” he told them confidently, even though Dean couldn't see a fire anywhere.
Dean frowned, pretty sure the man had told them to stay
When he stopped beside the bed and held out the mug, Castiel's eyes flicked from his face to the mug and back again before he reached out and deftly plucked it from Dean's hand.
They didn’t have room for another mistake.  Cas had an iron grip on himself now, but no one could keep that up forever.  Dean wouldn’t want him to even if he could.  The way Cas was now – the way he
,” he moaned, begged, when he felt large hands on him again, holding him down when he tried to struggled free. He knew there was no point, knew this was not something he could escape, but some primitive part of his brain was refusing to let him succumb to it without a fight. It made him
“I smell burn –
is what he missed.
Sam dropped himself into a chair, looking ten years older than he was.
“Jesus, Cas, your wings are huge!”  Sam gushed.  “What are they like six feet?”
For the briefest of moments, uncertainty flickered across Dean's face and, for the briefest of moments, Castiel greedily drank it in.
"Better?"  Dean asked.
He put the mug in the rack, on top of the plate, and grit his teeth when it slid down and the wet porcelain shrieked.
After a full minute, he righted himself, and wiped the sweat off his forehead, hands shaking and Cas’ pleas echoing in the forefront of his mind.
Dean handed over a wad of cash and took two room keys in exchange, throwing a thank you over his shoulder as he pushed back through the door and ran back to the car.
kissed
“I’d be a lot less worried if
“That didn’t slow me down much,” he growled through his teeth.
Panic flashed in Cas’ eyes and Dean swallowed bile.  His voice shook with restraint as he allowed the office to back him out the door.
Dean had made a hasty retreat to his room more than once, trying to muffle the sound of him retching in to the little garbage can by his bed, choking on the guilt clogging his throat.
This was enough, he told what was left of himself. This echo of pain was so much better than what it
be a bit jarring.
It was a stark contrast to the sleek and agile wings they had been looking at since they’d gotten here and Dean felt himself blinking stupidly at the slumbering angel while he tried hard to reconcile the two opposing forms Cas could apparently take.
Though his eyes roamed the deserted area, there was no one.  It was only him and the voice in his ear.
Had someone spotted them at the warehouse?  Surely if they had the police wouldn’t be knocking on their door six hours later.  He shoved the gun in the waistband of his boxers – because past experience told him that monsters could dress up like cops perfectly well – and undid the chain lock across the door.
Tears prickled behind his eyes.  He was so
In the passenger seat, Sam started snoring, drawing Dean out of his thoughts.  He glanced over and felt a smile tug at his lips when he saw that Sam had fallen asleep with a book open in his lap, which was now in danger of falling onto the dirty floor.
- in the bunker after his grace had been ripped from him.  He'd been hungry and scared and exhausted and Dean had kicked him out.
Eager to escape Mary’s gaze as well as the intense smell of adrenaline flooding the veins of the four humans, Castiel wasted no time turning and heading for the door.  Unable to help himself, Castiel looked over the railing as he opened the door, relieved to see the humans weren’t watching him, but were staring intently at each other.  They were tense and shifting, looking like they were all waiting for the other to make the first move.
– for a fight.
Once they were back at the open gates, Dean inspected the rusted sword of the bandit he had taken down earlier, hoping it might be a good replacement for his greatsword.  But the blade was dull and sat, loose in the pommel.  It was no good.  The Orc’s greatsword was even bigger and heavier than Dean’s and the third bandit – the one Cas had immediately taken out with his first arrow – had nothing but a cheap looking bow.
This is what Dean was always striving to avoid.  He hated the feeling these moments gave him.  Hated that Cas could go from completely at rest – which was a hard state for him to reach – to wild-eyed readiness to protect himself in less than a fraction of a second.  Even when he was as calm and relaxed as he could get, in the back of his mind, Cas was always expecting something to come along and shatter any serenity he found.  And Dean hated when he was the one to prove him right.
“I thought you said Castiel hadn’t built a nest,” Liam said from the doorway.
make me happy, Dean,” Castiel told him, a little breathlessly.  “And I do not like that I have been hurting you unintentionally.”
"Look,” Sam said, bending to pick at something that had been trampled into the mud.  He pulled it free.  "Rope."  They'd been hastily cut, the edges severed like someone had sawed through them in a panic.  "Our prisoner theory is looking more and more likely."
“Quiet,” said Sam.  “He never says anything about what he's thinking or feeling.  He never asks for things he wants or tells us when something is bothering him.  I guess I just assumed nothing
“Mom?  You ok?” Dean asked, approaching her cautiously.
He heard the sound of Castiel pushing back a chair.
“Well, Dean, let me see what I can find out.”  She stood, papers pinned under her arm.  “What is your friend’s name?”
Sam came to stand beside him, drawing himself up tall and threatening but leaving his axes alone for the time being.
what they wanted to hear.  “Cas, we’re asking what
trust them.  What had they done to make him feel like he was part of their family?  Said it out loud, once, maybe twice, in the heat of whatever crisis was happening at the time?
“To humans, yes. For angels, nightshade and poppy seed extract are potent muscle relaxants.  The fruits and flowers are both tasty
Why was his hand shaking already?  Why were his legs shaking?
Sam hypothesized that angels usually kept them hidden to blend in among humans better. After all, someone sprouting wings from their back would get a one way ticket to Area 51. But now that Castiel was still struggling to remember everything, maybe that piece that cared that human bodies shouldn't
Castiel’s knees ached, and kneeling on the floor like this was awkward for him.  He could not fold his wings against his back, they were too long and the flight feathers would have to bend against the floor, so he let them hang over his shoulders instead, so the flight feathers could lay parallel to the floor.
"What – what the hell was that thing?"  Sam gasped, trying to catch his breath.  Both his axes seemed to have vanished and he distractedly glanced around, gaze blank.
“I don't hate you, Cas, I could
.  I didn’t
He found his vocal chords and screamed.
Hesitating only briefly with the instinct to be as difficult as possible, Dean sat.  Despite the feeling in his gut telling him this was going to be difficult either way, the idea was that the more he cooperated the faster he would be able to leave and go save Cas.  Because that’s what it would be.  He would be saving the angel from whatever they were doing to him at the hospital.  Tying him down, doping him up.
Castiel swallowed, his eyes wide as dinner plates and his cheeks red.  All around them the sound of the waterfall and the birds in the trees was distant.
Dean retreated back into their room and closed the door.
The atmosphere between the three of them was so heavy that even Castiel was acutely aware of it.  He thought he would have regretted saying everything he had.  He’d held those insecurities so closely for so long.
Cass placed his hand above Ryan's injured one and shut his eyes. A bright light emitted and then with that, Ryan's hand felt as good as new.
"Don't 'hello Dean, me" The elder Winchester was clearly drunk as the aroma of cheap beer wafted around him. "Where the fuck were you?" He sounded rightly pissed off.
Castiel and Dean had decided to spend the night in the extravagant Lavender suite, on the second floor. They had choose that particular room because of it's private bathroom, king sized bed, and the fact that was the largest of all the suites in the mansion. It had once served as the Lemps' master bedroom and frankly Dean wanted a taste of the high life the beer baron had lived, and well Cass was just complying with his partners slightly odd wishes.
"Did we just take out this place out of business by getting rid of the spirits Dean? Will that no effect the real owners livelihoods" The Angel asked with a guilty look on his face.
"Hello Dean" He said, as he began his charade as the Angel for the hunter once again.
Dean scowled. "My partner is more well versed on the ins and outs of the business. I'm just a pretty face at reception, he's the brains of the operation. Isn't that right sweetie" He smiled at the Angel.
"And you call me a Wimp? Madej your going soft my dude" Ryan teased him.
Dean actually wasn't going to laugh at Ryan's holy water gun. It was actually pretty genius, maybe he should get one himself.
Castiel looked taken aback by the word shitfish. "What are those"
"Guess again" Cass said totally unfazed, as his eyes began to shine as did his hands. "Shut your eyes!" He called to the owner and Dean, so he didn't blind the pair when smiting the demons. The two men followed Castiel's orders and closed their eyes until the bellowing from the dying demons subsided.
The four listened to the static of the spirt box jump from station to station.
"Hey if you can do that" Ryan gestured to his fixed hand "Why didn't you fix Shane's nose?" Ryan asked Cass earnestly.
Dean was impressived by Ryan's surprisingly firm hand shake, after seeing how frightened he gets during their videos.
"I can get behind that" The demon nodded thoughtfully. "So when are you gonna tie the knot?" He pried further into Dean and Cass's love life.
"It's the company, they called my cell. Our cameraman won't be coming." Ryan explained looking a bit disoriented.
"Okay okay geez, no need to shout" He plonked down on the bed defeated.
eyes going wide as he looked them up and down.
"It's true, you're a very dedicated individual  who can accomplish anything when you put your mind to and you deserve success" The Angel assured him of his sincerity in the current situation.
"They are famous in Chicago?" Ryan said puzzled.
"Oh please Dean, you were a demon" Shane looked accusingly at the elder Winchester.
"Stupid equipment. First humongous breaks the spirt box, then the mics just stop working. This place must be cursed for real" Ryan huffed clearly annoyed.
Dean complied with his angel's request and grabbed the container of holy water and splashed it onto Shanes face. Nothing happened, shit he's just a dude.
Dean, Cass and Shane looked at each other unsure of what to say to the ghost hunter.
"Wonderful. How homely!" Shane rebuked joyfully.
I hope everyone is staying safe during this scary time, here's something to hopefully distract you from all that mess for a little while, I hope you enjoy. As always I love reading all the comments on this this they really bring a smile to my face so feel free to voice your opinions don't be shy I don't bite! Also I'm sorry that I'm a bit slow to update, its just the fact that remote learning for college is really annoying oh well!
Dean and Castiel felt uneasy at this while exchange.
"Shane your coming with me" Dean informed the prince of hell.
"Woah this place is swanky!" Dean exclaimed as he took in the luxury of the room, compared to the usual dives he was used to staying in. "Free tote bag and continental snacks?" He read off the brochure as he walked over to the table next to the gigantic bed, to inspect their free goods. "What makes these peanuts so continental?" Dean looked confusedly at a packet of salted nuts on the table, beside some bottles of orange juice. Nice to know he wouldn't be experiencing the horrors of scurvy soon as he intently to swipe all those bottles before they returned home to the bunker.
The hunter sighed "Okay so it's not where we're supposed to be but we ain't in Kanas anymore Toto. Maybe your arch-douche bag of a brother made the portal take us to" Dean looked around him desperate to make sense of it all "Wherever the hell this is as a prank? Ya know we haven't really been in the Mikey fan club in the past. What if the dude thought we had it coming and he zapped us into the middle of nowhere" Dean concluded his rant with a huffing noise. It's not unlike what Gabriel had done to them in the last so who knows maybe Michael wasn't so unlike his trickster of a younger brother after all, Dean thought to himself.
"Well hell actually. A match made in hell..." Shane corrected him, feeling awkward.
"You're a big bully you know that?" Ryan said to Shane.
It will start again
"Everything's fine here Sam" The elder Winchester lied through his teeth. "We'll be back home tomorrow afternoon okay?"
"Yeah we had quite the day while you guys were gone" Sammy admitted.
While the self proclaimed 'ghoul boys' were chatting amongst themselves, Dean thought it would be a good time to dip out and check back in with Sam and Jack back at the bunker.
"Goodnight Shane...again" Ryan said tiredly, wishing he could just lay his head to rest so this day could finally be over.
"Hey, he can't ever be actually mad at you for more than five minutes. I don't have that luxury" Sam admitted.
Cass inched close to Dean's ear slowly as to not get the attention of the aggressive men who were accosting the owner of the bar. "Dean they're demon's" he whispered quietly to the hunter.
Shane was giving carpool karaoke a run for it's money, with the enthusiasm he was singing along with as the hunter beside him's blood pressure slowly rose higher by the second.
"Proteins and lots of em" Shane winked.
"Anyway, can't we just enjoy what we've got here for once since the room is so pricey after all" The hunter whistled looking online at the booking fee "We should just pretend to work at haunted hotels more often" He concluded, as he tossing his cell onto the bedside table.
Dean didn't want to think of what that meant.
"Oh right yeah stage name basically, God" Dean clarified for them. "Dudes giving Lady Gaga a run for her money with the guitar and everything! It's really not what I expected from Sunday school" Dean stated.
"Oh boy, the excitement of it all" Shane jested as he began setting up the downstairs cameras.
Dean didn't need to look up from the road to know the Angel was rolling his eyes at Dean's quip.
"Hey kiddo, how you doing?" Dean asked him.
"Really you wouldn't mind that would be swell" Ryan sighed with relief as he showed Dean and Castiel how to work the cameras.
"That far back huh, why are you still hanging around the poor bastard?" Dean asked puzzled.
"Shut it" Dean rolled his eyes as they began their drive back to the Lemp Mansion.
"People lie all the time Castiel, it's how you become president" The demon joked. Cass couldn't argue with his logic, he had a point.
"You know what I mean dude" Ryan asserted. "Ghoul, demon, ghost it's all the same type of weird to me man" He cried out.
"Now that's what you call a car!" Shane said, clearly throughly impressed with baby. He circled the vehicle looking at the beautiful vintage car, crouching down to look at her rims up close. "She's gorgeous" He let out a low whistle, appreciating how new Dean had the more than fifty year old car looking still.
This had to be one of the most unusual hunts they had ever been involved in, and that was a fact.
Fuck it's the Lemp's ghosts, Dean thought to himself. They were unarmed, the rock salt loaded shot-guns were still in the trunk of the impala and they had no iron with them either. In other words, they were screwed.
"It's my money Dean. I saved some of my earnings from when I worked at the gas and sip, I earned it. I've done more days of honest work than you have, need I remind you" The Angel retorted getting a little snappy with his lover.
"So which one are you then, because 'Shane' doesn't scream prince of hell to me" Dean retorted.
"Dingo ate my baby crazy?" Sam smirked at his brother referring back to what Dean had said those so many Tuesday's at the town with the mystery spot.
Dean turned on his heel. "Excuse me?"
Ryan was the first to break the silence when he curtly yelled "WHAT THE FUCK JUST HAPPENED"
"Wait slow down. You were a demon before? Ryan looked worriedly at Dean.
"I'm coming Dean, patience is a virtue" Cass replied following him up the steps.
"I wouldn't go that far... mortality isn't simply just good or bad there's a scale and there's a lot of grey areas involved too. Ryan, Shane choose to be your friend doesn't that account for his character?"
"Ah that's somehow both comforting and horrifying" Ryan grimaced. "So guys what are we gonna do about the footage that can't see the light of day can it?" Ryan asked sadly. He had finally got the proof of the paranormal he had been searching for but he wouldn't be able to share it with the world.
"Son of a bitch, what kind of diet did you guys have growing up?" Ryan asked.
"What you gonna do huh? Cass your just a run of the mill Angel me? I'm one of the big cheeses
"Okay if you say so, I'll call up Buzzfeed and tell them the FBI made a mistake" Sammy said, knowing that was gonna be a doozy trying to explain.
"Ghouligans?" Cass queryied.
"Fuck Cass, I didn't think about that" Dean began to scratch as this neck in thought. "How about you whip up a mini miracle instead? Ya know like a stain that looks like Jesus on the wall or something to attract the religious tourists instead of the paranormal ones. It's the least we can do for them after ghostbusting their biggest draw of customers right?" Dean concluded.
"And what exactly do you get in return from this relationship" Castiel asked suspicious of the demons motives.
Cass sighed and nodded in agreement with Dean begrudgingly.
"I can dig that" The hunter nodded. "Our kid just got a Guinea pig and he called him Mike soup"
"Probably because we're so far underground I guess" Dean shrugged, pretending to know anything about the ins and outs of filming equipment instead of knowing how to gank any kind of monster imaginable.
"That's actually quite a good idea Dean" Cass acknowledged the hunters sound thought process.
Fuck. He teleported out of the room and Dean yelled after him "You son of a bitch! You can't leave us here to die! Lady I ain't your damn husband for Petes sake" Elsa was really giving her fake husband an earful and the start of a broken jaw for the slaps she was throwing his way.
"Sorry beer baron your brews are good but we need you to move the heck on now" Dean poured salt onto the corpse and pulled a lighter out of his jacket pocket and dropped it onto the body.
As they got closer to the mansion, Dean then noticed that Cass looked extremely worried.
"Don't worry Shane, he'll get over it eventually" Cass covered his mouth with one hand secretively but everyone could still hear him perfectly."When Dean first met me he shot and stabbed me in the chest, but we're fine now" Castiel assured the demon, giving him a reassuring thumbs up.
"Really" Ryan perked up at the chance to banter with other people who believed in ghosts.
"On" Ryan told the Angel.
"Bees?" Ryan said confused.
"That was a close one" The prince of hell sighed releaved.
"Yes, you wouldn't happen to know if a particular type of flower grows here. It's called a leviathan blossom" Castiel asked the barman, failing at being discrete.
Heaven is a place
"Now we assimilate" Dean whispered to his partner as they walked through the heavy doors of the bar together.
Shane lingered for a second before sighing in agreement to continue the task at hand, with minimal animosity towards the hunter.
"Your eyes, show us your eyes" Castiel demanded.
"Alight fair point. You win this round" Dean sighed defeatedly. "Guess I'll start handing in resumés once we get back home then. Special skills: can kill any monster under the sun but doesn't work well with others, yeah I'm totally gonna be swamped with job offers" The hunter joked.
"Well done, I'm impressed. The queen Mary. I was dicking around in the boat trying to freak out some teenagers for the fun of it and then Ryan showed up. Total skeptic said it was all hooey and I knew I had found a perfect target, so I just messed with him a bit" The demon explained.
"No quite the opposite. He made a deal, for his brothers life in exchange for his. Going yo hell was just the consequence for his sacrifice" Cass explained to the youtuber.
"Are you crazy? Of course not and I'd like to keep it that, he hates demons" Shane replied.
"Dean, I don't think we're in purgatory" Castiel uttered worriedly to the flannel-clad man to his side.
Follow me over on tumblr for more regular scheduled content over on @onesassyvessel
"What sort of dentist works in a bar?" Castiel pondered aloud.
"What a cute couples activity, why don't we do that on our next date night?" Dean whispered to Cass, who nudged him for his bad comedic timing.
As the device flicked through the radio waves, the ghost hunters listened out for any actual words in the jumble of vowels and consonants it emitted. Out of nowhere Shane started laughing hysterically.
"Well you did pack like five bags of those crappy gizmos" Shane defended his lateness.
"I've been billed for a hat, a tshirt and a sweatshirt from the buzzfeed unsolved merch store" the Angel sighed.
Dean so badly wanted to face palm in that moment but he remained somewhat composed."Hey would you not just use matches? That's a waste of lighters" Shane suggested as he noticed Dean pulling out a separate lighter for the other Lemp cadavers.
"I didn't say that. I'm just saying your not being fair, this would make Sara leave me if you told her. Please man I've already lost my best friend today don't take her away from me too" He pleaded with his co-host.
Cass nodded, as he produced one from his trench coat pocket and handed it to Ryan who began huffing into it rapidly.
As the investigation of the Lemp Mansion continues, so do the hijinks.
"Night..." He muttered back tiredly.
Cass nudged the hunter "Dean there's no reason to be rude".
At exactly the same time
"Was that supposed to comfort me? If anything that's actually a lot worse" Ryan felt very uncomfortable and shuffled in place, thinking about all the times he must have faked being asleep during their investigations together.
"Dude be quite and listen" Ryan shushed his co-host.
He wasn't going to justify the demons stupid question with an answer, but then he went silent for a moment thinking to himself. He had never really thought about actually having a wedding, let alone a honey moon. This life wasn't the white picket fence and apple pie type, so it had never occurred to him that he could ever have that. He and Cass had basically skipped the whole marriage step and went straight to basically being co-parents to Jack. Maybe they could still do the whole wedding thing? It's never too late really. Or is it?
"He's still your friend even through he's a demon Ryan" Castiel plonked next to him on the couch.
"We're aware of the so called Lemp family curse, Elsa is the curse why you shot yourself? Could you make a noise maybe? How about you turn off this flashlight" Ryan looked around the room waiting for some sign of ghost.
Castiel and Dean locked eyes with each other in a state of confusion.
As they approached the mansion once again, Dean was relieved he didn't have to continue this conversation any longer.
"I killed him and ate his liver" Shane casually shrugged.
The bar man glanced at the two men and then up towards a clock affixed to the bar's wall. "It's just about noon so either you fellas are having swell day or a dozy of one" They said and let out a low whistle.
"Save it Shane" Ryan stormed out of the room and down the stairs.
Nothing ever happens
The pair made their way over to the mausoleum the Lemp's were buried in. The tomb was a dull grey colour and looked as if no one had frequented it in quite a number of years, judging by the dust and cobweb strewn entryway.
Shane began laughing hysterically while Ryan looked severely annoyed.
Suddenly Shane had returned to the tunnel with an iron bar in his hand that he swung at Elsa, William Jr and Charles Lemp, causing them to all vanish. Dean and Cass were relived at this unlikely rescue. Shane rushed over to help Ryan, as Dean as Cass helped each other to their feet.
"Hey beer baron, get off my pal!" Shane shouted at the ghost of William Senior who turned his head and released Ryan from the choke hold he had him pinned in. "Yeah I'm talking to you grandpa!" William Senior lunged for Shane and knocked the iron bar across the room out of his reach.
"That's a depressing childhood" The prince of hell joked.
"Did you always believe in the supernatural?" He asked him cautiously.
"That's the good stuff" Dean said knocking back a cold one.
"Hi" Shane responded, looking awfully small for a guy of 6'4 in that particular moment. "I just wanted to see if you were doing okay" He added, worry clear in his voice.
"In a way yeah" The demon agreed.
"I'm not really sure." Ryan looked a bit lost for words. "They said an FBI agent called them to say he was wanted for questioning. They just said to carry on filming without him because the budget won't allow us to show up another night for a reshoot" he told his co-host.
"Speaking of your squeeze" He mocked the Angel he was sharing a vessel with as Dean stormed into the room.
"We've been through a lot together" Castiel stated dreamily, a soft smile creeping upon his face.
"The spirt box is not crap! It's important ghost hunting gear Shane" Ryan huffed. "Look man I know you don't believe in the supernatural but can you at least try to seem somewhat  interested?" He added with a sharp tone.
"Yeah they're like fat hamsters I couldn't leave him there in the pet store, the guy said he was gonna feed it to the snake!" Jack explained the spontaneous purchase of said Guinea pig.
His eyes met with Deans "Love. None of those things can be found there. I prefer it here. Here with my family" A soft smile snuck onto the Angels face as he told that to Dean.
"I love him" Castiel said instantly apon seeing the Guinea pig.
"Aww an angry hubby Cass how sweet, does Samantha know about you two love birds?" He inquired cheekily.
"Hey shut it smartass" Dean grumbled as Cass smiles to himself.
"You think I'm a monster" Shane stated, voice slightly shaking despite his best efforts to keep it steady.
"It's not funny Ryan my back hurts" The demon grumbled.
"The fans think Ryan has another personality who's a serial killer called Ricky Goldsworth" Shane explained, as if that was a normal everyday sentence.
"The hotdoga. It's a hot dog-saga during the Q and A's for unsolved. I might have watched more episodes while you were gone" He admitted to him.
I don't know how but I suddenly lose control
Ryan looked onwards perplexed by what the heck Shane meant.
Shane and Dean go out and do some good old fashioned hunting while Castiel and Ryan get emotional back at the Lemp mansion.
As soon as he got upstairs and inside the door of the Elsa Suite, Ryan changed into some sweats and turned out the light and retired into the antique bed with its floral patterned duvet. His eyelids dropped heavily down as the exhaustion was finally starting to make itself known. That certainly was a day he wasn't gonna forget anytime soon, but not for the reasons he'd hoped for. He always assumed that finally obtaining proof of the paranormal would make him feel accomplished and fulfilled but instead he just felt empty and alone. One of his best friends and closest co-workers was a demon all this time and he didn't so much notice anything off about him. Okay sure he was an odd guy but he just thought that was what mid westerns were like! His thoughts churned around in his head while he laid in the bed and he just wished this nightmare of a day could end and the sweet realise of sleep of take hold of him. Before he nodded off into unconsciousness however a gentle knocking of knuckles tapped against the old wooden door of his room.
"I know the feeling buddy, lemme guess" Dean paused to take a swig from his beverage "It's either women, slots or booze, it's always some sort of addiction am I right?" He was speaking for experience.
"And why would a demon care about my safety? Are you trying to steal my soul or something" Ryan accused him.
I'm very sorry this took so long to update but college is a bitch! Last time I had updated this season 15 of spn hadn't even aired it first episode that's how terrible of a procrastinator I am, oh well! Also if you haven't subcribed to watcher get on that now. Ryan and Shane and Steven have worked so hard to get it going.
Shane shook his head immediately at this statement.
"Gesundheit? The what now" Dean felt very out of touch, all of a sudden.
"Um hi? We were told Matt would be meeting us here" the shorter man from the videos, stated confused to be met with Dean and Cass at the door instead.
"Oh great more ghostfacers that's just what we need" Dean stated sarcastically.
"BE" The box spluttered.
"Well isn't it odd how everything was just fine until the Winchesters rock up don't ya think?" The prince of hell scoffed.
Castiel turned to the very upset looking Ryan "How about we head upstairs to a more relaxing environment?" Castiel suggested to him. "Could I offer you a brown bag to breathe into? I'm told it helps to calm someone down" He gave Ryan a sympathetic smile.
"Seriously?" Dean was absolutely stunned by the nerve of the guy.
"Wait so you got none of that?" Ryan asked wondering what else could go wrong with the night.
Cass smiled weakly back up at Dean. If anyone deserved a vacation it definitely was team free will 2.0, but it likely would never come to pass.
"Get out of my house" The grizzled ghost groaned at the ghost hunter who was squirming wildly.
Ryan shook his head softly "Thanks I'm good, well as good as I can be as things considering.
"I forgot about that. Oh my god I'm a bad person aren't I?" Ryan's eyes grew wider.
"Let's call the whole thing off?" Shane smiled cheekily.
"Hello, Elsa or anyone else who might be in here, I'm Ryan" Ryan nudged Shane to also introduce themselves.
"Ryan are you alright?" The Angel asked, worried for the paranormal investigators wellbeing.
"This would be the perfect time to use the spirt box, if only someone hadn't broken it" Ryan looked at Shane angrily.
Cass and Dean looked like they wanted the ground to swallow them up. Vampires, werewolves, ghouls they could handle that but petty squabbles? Those were out of their ballpark.
With that, Cass bolted forward and pinned the taller man against the wall.
"What gave it away?" Dean inquired, passing payment over to the man in exchange for the glasses of alcohol. "We we're just passing through here on a bit of an errand you might say".
"An errand you say?" The owner seemed perplexed by this statement. "Not many folks just waltz into Purgatory on errands, this isn't an errand sort of town you see" They concluded.
"Don't bring me into your stupid food story" Ryan warned Shane.
"Why not! That kid would be a chip off the old block, an alcohol dependency and a saviour complex before their ten sounds like a blast to me. Look I'd even be the godfather since we're so close now practically inseparable I'd say" Lucifer practically beamed.
"And when was that?" Ryan asked them.
"No smart-ass, we're not gonna go on a bender now! We're gonna find out what's the deal with this place the best way of all, chatting with the boozed up locals. They have looser lips than the sober ones so if something our kinda weird is going on around here they'd be more likely to tell strangers like us if they don't have their wits about them" Dean explained his plan of action to the Angel, all the while smiling ear to ear. Maybe he was just a little bit excited to have a glass of something strong right about now too.
"You fellas ain't from around these parts" They said as he poured the drinks for Cass and Dean.
"What can I say I've got long legs. Here how about you take it Cass, I think it's more your style than the camera" Shane held out the microphone to the Angel who snatched it from them abruptly.
"Several Lemp family member died in this house via sucicide. It's the Lemp family curse" Ryan explained.
As the boys made their way down the mansion's stairway towards the basement, a thought popped into Dean's mind.
"I'm Ryan" he announced, holding his hand out to shake Dean and Cass's hands respectively.
Jack didn't look very pleased with this arrangement.
"But you were thinking it weren't you" The demon's voice slightly cracked.
"Why didn't the Devils trap contain you" Castiel interjected trying not to get into a racially charged fight.
"I knew because our ghostbusters bosses told them that the FBI wrangled their cameraman and yours truly is filling in for him" Dean told Sam.
Nothing at all
"Ah shucks Cass, you're making me blush" Dean turned slightly pink from this praise he just received from his angelic companion.
"Night Ryan. I promise I won't interrupt your beauty sleep again tonight" He assured him, as he left the room and descended down the staircase.
Ryan began to howl like a banshee as the ghost of William Lemp hoisted him up against the wall.
Dean had to give it to the guy, he was actually telling the truth. Dean had offed Azazel, Sam Ramiel, Cass Dagon and Gabriel Asmodeus. If Beezelbub turned out to be a problem they had dealt with his kind before. Of course they didn't have the Colt anymore which would have been nice to have right about now.
Castiel didn't care for this sly remark he had made about their adopted son and whacked Shane over the head with the boom mic.
"No I'm not crazy, I think I'm the only one with their head screwed on right around here. How are you guys so chill about ghosts trying to kill us? That's not normal. If you care about Sara you'd think she deserved to know the truth Shane" Ryan said to him.
"Dean I don't understand that reference but who said anything about sleeping" Cass squinted at him.
"Well yeah but it's none of them" Dean protested still.
"Dean" Cass huffs in response, clearly not impressed with the elder Winchesters response to the serious issue at hand.
"Well when you put it like that, maybe here ain't so bad after all" Dean pondered aloud.
"Yeah I guess it does" Ryan sighed, sinking back down into the crease in the sofa he had formed.
"I'm in a graveyard late at night, a few beers in with a hunter. What a strange night indeed!" Shane noted out loud.
And then it just didn't happen. The pair looked around at the unfamiliar surroundings, totally different from where they had fought for the lives every day just a few years ago.
"I think she wants you to let it go" Shane giggled at his own dumb frozen reference.
"Who's Sara?" Dean asked them.
"Ryan I-" Shane began to apopgise.
Darn Dean's theory about the ghoul boys was wrong.
"Take it easy? How the fuck am I supposed to take it easy!" He looked Shane in the eyes spitefully "I could take you making fun of me believing in the supernatural when I thought you were just a normal skeptical dude. You mean to tell me that you made me look like an idiot on the Internet when you were a demon all along.This is unbelievable" Ryan began pacing around the room furiously.
"Now that's cute" Shane admitted.
"Yeah that's probably it. Don't worry we've got a boom mic out in the car. Shane do you wanna run out and grab it pal?" Ryan asked his co-host politely.
"Hey, Cass buddy I didn't mean it like that. I'm just saying that there's always something, another case another the world is ending again kinda deal. We can't seem to catch a break, I'd love just one free week. Me, you, Sam and Jack on a beach somewhere drinking out of coconuts is that so much to ask for?" Dean pondered. He couldn't remember the last time they had a weekend to themselves with no case thrown into the mix to ruin their free time.
Ryan's face fell when he looked around the ground floor and saw it lacked cameras.
Ryan stayed silent for a long while before he spoke again. "Who said you lost your best friend" He asked.
Dean turned red suddenly. "I-It's different" He spluttered out.
"What year was that?" Dean sighed, hating having to put up with the smart Alec already.
"It-it sounds like that Lizzo song" Shane wiped a tear from his eye.
"Cass he can't be a demon, there's a devils trap under the rug at the door he would have got stuck" Dean tried to reason with the Angel.
Nothing ever happens
"Oh demons aren't anything to worry about as long as your packing" Dean kicked at Cass's foot under the table, to signal that maybe they were in the right place after all if this guy knows about the supernatural then maybe he would know about the leviathan blossoms location too.
"My names Ryan and that's my pal Shane, can you say our names back for us?"
"There's no wardings up here" Castiel noted allowed.
The rest of the group forced laughter, to keep Shane's little secret under wraps. Dean became suddenly worried that Ryan might actually be a serial killer then, but he remembered how scared he was in the videos so that couldn't be legit could it? Well if he went Ted Bundy on their asses Dean reckoned he could take him.
"The pesky in betweeners that can't decide if their boogaras or shaniacs" The demon shrugged.
"Um guys did you hear that" He asked shakily.
_____________________________________________________________________
"Alright that trumps this, geez" Shane looked defeated. "You guys never can catch a break can you?" A look of genuine pity washed over his long face.
"I've never grave robbed Dean that's too many levels of fucked up bro" Shane bickered.
"You're right, sorry I'm dumb. I'll see you tomorrow" He turned to leave the doorway.
Dean grabbed his cell out from his pocket and hit speedial.
"A Guinea pig?" The hunter asked.
So I made up my mind, it must come to an end
This night just kept getting better and better, Dean thought to himself as the ghost woman shouted abuses at him.
"What could I possibly like about this place?" Dean replied gesturing to the imposing building.
"That was our fault actually. Me and Cass were discussing why Shane doesn't believe in the supernatural." Dean pipped up and brushed off Ryan's concerns by promptly changing the subject.
"You're talking as if I'm Andre the giant! I'm six four it's not that uncommon of a height" Shane argued.
Things were starting to look up for Dean and Cass at long last, maybe they did stand a chance against Chuck after all...
"Ya-ya-ee, ya-ya-ee, ya-ya-ee, ya-ya-ee
"Try the second one" Castiel answered while trying to not roll his eyes (well Jimmy Novak's eyes technically).
"You're parading around in some dead guys corpse? I think I'm gonna throw up" Ryan gagged.
Dean and Castiel discuss some domestic matters and other more sausey things in the luxury of the Lavender Suite while Ryan's hope for a good night sleep is interrupted.
Heaven
"Where would you wanna honey moon then?" The demon earnestly asked him.
"The original co-host of unsolved, I'm Ryan's sloppy seconds" The demon explained to him smirking.
Ryan was sprawled out on a chaise lounge in the mansions living room, on his sixth beer as Castiel worriedly stood beside them.
"Well there you go." Shane said pleased with himself. "Everyone's got their crap man stow it your life could be so much worse believe me" He added.
The cogs started turning in Dean's head as he realised that Agent Young must be Sam's alias for the day, ala Angus Young the lead of ACDC. His younger brother probably suspected the shows camera man of being a demon, when in reality it was one of the hosts. He should really call Sam and tell him to get that camera guy off the hook. On the other hand he didn't want to tell Sammy the extent of their problem either. He'd figure it out, some white lies here and there never hurt anyone right?
"Dean you're gonna like this bit" Cass chuckled, whist looking at the webpage for the formidable mansion in front of them.
"WHAT THE HELL SHANE, WE WERE GETTING RESPONSES" Ryan yelled turning round to face him.
"I'm a dentist by trade not a florist, but it does ring a bit of a bell nevertheless" They replied with a perplexed look due to the forwardness of the trench coated man's question.
"Of course not" Shane laughed.
"You can see my eyes you crazy dick" Shane spat back at him.
"Don't tell me you guys are demons too" Ryan panicked and raised his fists again.
"Alright kid, you keep Mike alive so I can meet the little hairbag okay?" Dean instructed him.
Lucifer was watching the bunker's security footage tapes on a VHS machine he had found collecting dust in one of the hundreds of cupboards in the Men of Letters Bunker. Sure he had initially been looking for something more exciting than tapes of his enemies daily life's. Like maybe some of those angelic weapons Cass's next in command Balthazar had stolen during his little civil war against Raphael but hey Devils can't be chosers. Although, out of any place on the country he would have assumed the Men of Letters would have procured a flaming sword or a specially crafted lance at some point but the majority of weapons he came across where just the blades of the countless Angels the Winchesters and their lap dog had taken on during the years. He'd just have to find something else to help him get the upper hand on the Darkness. Anyways it was quite entertaining to watch the tape of Dean beating the ever loving crap out of Castiel when he was all jacked up on the Mark of Cain on repeat. Especially when he knew the Angel in question had no where to go to avoid reliving this painful memory over and over again. Some people are just naturally talent and inflicting pain whether it be physical or psychological was Lucifer's God given talent.
"Since it was built in 1868, this place has been the site for a number of tragedies. There's no telling what horrors we might witness tonight" Ryan said, trying to hype up the creepiness of the location for the episode.
"Cass! Hey look there's a bar that way" Dean gestured down the stretch of road they were travelling, excitement slowly creeping into his voice when he saw the bar called "Shorty's" ahead of them.
"No buddy, Hell" The demon sighed.
"So what's the deal you don't really work in the B&B so is this your guys honey moon spot?" Shane asked him cheekily.
[Shane] How can you be nervous with a beautiful sunset like that?
"I know that it's just..." This whole ordeal had Ryan's head all messed up and his thoughts were practically spinning around inside his cranium. "We can't be the ghoul boys anymore if one of us is actually a ghoul" Ryan pointed out to them.
Dean and Castiel head off on their long journey to the Lemp Mansion in St. Louis. If only the music selection was more up Dean's alley...
"So it's a family business? Didn't you say you had a son, does he work here too?" Ryan asked curiously.
Once Ryan was safely out of earshot Castiel began verbally assaulting the lanky ghost hunter.
The brute seemed annoyed with Dean's actions, like a Venus flytrap would find a fruit flies buzzing irritating before it clamped it's jaws down on it in retaliation.
"The unsolved fans" Beezelbub explained.
"Funny you should ask, actually no I didn't" Ryan admitted to him shaking his head.
"Cass, you dirty son of a bitch" The hunter gasped playfully, eyes wide in surprise with his forwardness tonight.
"Yeah and what is it that we do on Thursdays?" Dean said plainly.
"What gave it away genius?" Dean replied sarcastically, trying to hide the fact he was slightly on the verge of having a breakdown (ya know as you do).
"What? I'm helping" Shane asked defensively.
Dean opened the heavy wooden door to be met with the familiar sight of Ryan from the videos they had watched earlier.
"What? Spirts dead-naming me? No feathers it hasn't, and that concerns me" Shane was staring off into space.
"A genteel hotel with Victorian-style suites in a historic mansion, plus a quaint eatery and ghost tours" Castiel read the description of the building from his phone aloud.
"Oh yeah, you know it" Dean nodded in agreement with Ryan.
"I'm sorry of course this must be all very hard to process for you" The Angel felt idiotic for asking Ryan if he was okay. Of course he wasn't, his whole world view had been flipped on its head. He was only adding insult to injury with his poor consoling skills, but he would feel worse if he didn't try and offer Ryan help in this turbulent time.
"Yeah, vengeful spirt I guess they aren't thrilled their house is being used as a hotel now" Dean surmised.
"What about the Angel?" Shane followed up on his earlier question.
"Let's not worry about that right now. Look it's been a long night and we're all tired. So how about we turn in and regroup in the morning to talk about all that went down. Okay?" Dean said to the others.
"Was the Lord of the flies. Past tense Dean-o, now I'm a video producer" Shane stated, proud of his new title.
Since I posted the last chapter, we were blessed with trailers for both upcoming seasons of unsolved and supernatural and I'm hella thankful, content is coming soon friends!
"Trouble and you two sure are it. Look I just want to be left alone. If you haven't noticed but your band of merry men kinda iced the other princes, so I'd like to be alive that you very much" Shane remarked.
"I may be a demon, but I'm not dumb. I think you'll find I did a bit of redecorating while you two were getting chummy with my pal Ryan" Shane smirked to himself.
"Not in a heartbeat." The hunter admitted honestly.
The demon needed to get his head on straight, and fresh air would help him to do that...
That wording made Castiel beyond terrified for what was to come, and he definitely should have been. If he only knew what ideas Lucifer had brewing in his twisted mind...
"Unfortunately, that I am" Doc conquered, looking a bit uncomfortable with Dean's fanboy freakout.
Dean and Castiel shared a knowing glance. If Ryan only knew the half of it they thought.
Yellow eyes. Shane had yellow eyes. Dean felt sick apon realising what they had on there hands. Whatever hatred the hunter had for regular old black eyes demons, was nothing compared to how much he despised the yellow eyed variety. Azazel had ruined his chance of a normal life when he burned his mother on that ceiling, and cursed baby Sammy with that demon blood. It didn't matter that this freak wasn't Azazel, they were cut out of the same fabric as them and Dean wanted to gank the fucker right then and there.
"Hey one camera is plenty down here we just need the one for the intro, how about we just get started already?" Shane said to his co-host.
Dean was taken aback back the forwardness of the demon prying into the ins and outs of his love life. Not even Sam had the balls to be so intrusive to his private affairs.
"I don't need you, I just wanna give your friend some alone time to process what going on" The hunter explained "You good with that"
"You're listening to 95.5 FM, home of the oldies but the goodies. Coming at you now we have a little song from 79' by the Talking Heads. This is Heaven" The station presentor said introducing the next song.
"Holy shit Shane it fucking said my name" Ryan excitedly hit Shanes arm.
"Cheers to that bro" Shane nodded approvingly.
The band in heaven
"Their big deals where I'm from Ryan" Shane explained. "I'm actually kinda starstruck right now"
"Don't make me bust out Ricky Goldsworth" Ryan warned raising his volume.
"Wait you think it's our fault?" Dean asked defensively.
"I would have thought the whole 'verifying the relationship in the eyes of God' thing would be a big deal to the halo" The demon assumed.
"Ouch" Shane winched.
"Well you two saved my hide back there from getting roasted by those revenants, so the least I can do is assist you boys in finding this flower that you are searching for" Doc replied gratefully, shaking himself from the shock of seeing a real Angel.
"Maybe one of them made a deal with a crossroads demon and their card never got punched after ten years with all the chaos downstairs" Dean motioned under his feet as if just saying the word "hell" would give him bad luck. How much worse luck could he have anyways? He reckoned it was all those mirrors him and Sammy had to break when they dealt with Bloody Mary, all those years ago.
"Did I say that incorrectly again Dean?" Cass turned to his partner for assistance.
"Ryan, I was looking out for you man. Do you get how many ghosts and demons are in these locations we go to? They are swarming with things trying to rip you apart. Let me ask you this, have you ever left one of the shoots with so much as a scratch on you? No, and thats because of me looking out for you" Shane argued.
Ryan returned to the Elsa Lemp suite, this time sporting his pistol of holy water on his holster.
Glee painted Shanes face, in a similar way that Dean's had when he heard about the brewery.
"The Lemp family's resting place can now be found in beautiful Bellefontaine Cemetery." The hunter read off the web page allowed.
"No I wouldn't Shane" He shot him eye daggers.
Dean pulled Castiel in for a hug and placed a soft kiss on his head. "I'll be fine Cass. You keep Ryan from checking himself into the psych ward okay? We won't be long. Promise" The Angel nodded, reluctantly letting go of Dean's arm and Dean turned and walked out of the tunnel.
"Those two are match made in heaven" Ryan muttered to his co-host.
"Dean don't be mad but I got a Guinea pig" Jack told his father figure.
Heaven is a pla-"
"Three weeks, four days and seven hours" Castiel answered back immediately.
"Hold on a minute, you're one to talk. You hypocrite. You say you don't believe in the supernatural, yet you are a supernatural being" Cass argued with him.
"Go on" Dean urged Ryan to continue.
A place where nothing
"It is a case! I knew it" Jack stated excitedly.
"I know but this is different Cass I know it. Look at all this evidence" Jack typed away at the laptop and pulled up an episode of the show for them to watch.
Castiel nodded obligingly and whipped out his majestic ebony wings, into view of the humans perceptions.
Dean and Castiel stepped through the rift Michael had created in the bunker, together bracing themselves for the onslaught of bloodthirsty monsters to hit them...
Cass took a moment to process Dean's words before deciding if he thought this theory had any merit to it, before he concluded that it wasn't the case. "No Dean, Michael isn't petty in his actions. He also doesn't have the sense of humour for such a trick. Even if we have been on apposing sides with them in the past, he knows now what Chuck has done. He's playing on our side now, trust me I would know if he was lying. He was in charge of heaven for how many eons remember" The Angel explained his reasoning to the suspicious Dean.
Cass loosened his grip on the other man as Shane sighed.
"Hey jack how about you and me go to that icecream parlour you like in town my treat" Sam
"It's probably for the better, besides Dean got the footage anyway on his cam" Shane pointed out.
The song was cut short when Castiel reached over to the stereo and switched the radio off.
"Um let me think hmm. Friendship? Ever heard of it. We both love Tom cruise movies and popcorn. Geez you guys never heard of someone not having an ulterior motive before. What a cynical existence you guys have" Shane said, sounding actually saddened by the thought that Dean and Cass really were that cynical.
Castiel sighed "I wasn't sure he deserved to be healed" The Angel hated to say it but it was the truth.
"You're friend here isn't incorrect". The barkeep chuckled. "I am indeed a man down on my luck you might say, but money is the least of my worries. I'm afraid my troubles are more profound than that." They forlornly stared off into the distance.
"It's just the subject matter." The Angel stated clearly flustered. "It's rather repetitive don't you think?" It does have some truth to it however" Castiel stated.
"For a walk pal, don't worry the local virgins are gonna be fine. Rest up Ryan you've got to think of a pretty baller lie for the company of how we "lost" all that footage" Shane said to his co-host.
"What! I wanted this gig so I did what I had to to get it. I think I'm an excellent problem solver" Shane was clearly pleased with himself, smiling ear to ear.
"Let me guess you had a religious upbringing?" Ryan turned to the two other "believers", totally ignoring his cohosts ramblings about the actual shoot.
"I think you need to calm down man" Shane stated raising his hands in the air.
"Sammy, hey it's me" He said.
"Hey look I get it man, it's been a stressful day for everyone" Shane assured their fellow ghost-hunter.
Don't worry I'll take good care of him" Lucifer assured the younger Angel, as he smirked evilly.
He was grateful he always had Sammy's companionship growing up. Castiel never had need for such trivial connections in heaven. The Angels were made to be soildiers not to make friends and it showed. Dean was the first real friend Cass had and he was proud of that. Of course he felt guilty that the dude rebelled for his sake and met his dismise for it more than once but almost ten years on, he was proud to call Cass his best friend. Dean couldn't even imagine what would have happened to him if Castiel had never came into his life. He rather wouldn't think about that really. He'd still be stuck in hell if it weren't for Cass coming to his rescue. He needed Cass more than he'd ever know and he wished he could tell him that but he didn't know where to begin with such a heavy piece of emotional baggage to unload onto him
Things they knew would get a reaction out of him.
To be fair, Dean had been wondering the same thing since the angel had asked for the salmon.  The only time they'd seen Cas eat was when he was so weak he was nearly human.
Dean looked behind him, to where his sword lay useless in the dirt.  It had held him back.  It was too heavy for him to use effectively and it had almost cost Sam his life.
Would leaving the brothers behind even be all that difficult if he could once again become the soldier he had been?
He'd started keeping the angel at arms length after that, terrified with how hard his heart would beat when he got too close. Scared of how
Candlehearth Hall interior
His grace throbbed.
"It gets a little tricky up here," Dean warned as he approached the spot where the ground dropped away and the trail narrowed even more.
She stifled a shout when she looked up from her ever-present clipboard, her face paling further under the fluorescent lights.
The best part was the bow sticking up over his shoulder, settled just between his wings, and the quiver of feathered arrow heads over the other.  They were of simple design, nothing fancy, but there was something about the image of an angel weilding a bow an arrow that had cupid jokes rearing up in the back of Dean's mind.
several of them the night Lucifer killed Gabriel.”
Spikes of heat raced up through Dean's body with every little movement and sound Cas made, arcing down his limbs like electricity every time their cocks slid together.  Dean wished he had more eyes to watch Cas with.  He wished he could keep a constant watch on the way Cas' wings and feathers moved, rippling like the ocean waters behind them.  He wanted to always be looking at Cas' face, watching his mouth form around each little whimper and growl and gasp.  Desperately needed to be able to keep his eyes on the fluid way the angel's hips rolled in his lap, rubbing their cocks together smoothly.
, did they? “Yeah, well, Cas…Cas doesn’t do any of that.”
The flint, as it turned out, was needed to light a tiny little burner inside a metal dome on the alchemy table and as soon as Cas got it lit, he was pulling a bunch of dried plants out of the satchel on his hip and sifting through them efficiently, like he'd done it a hundred times before.
Adrianne, Dean was pretty sure that was her name, turned out to be the woman he had seen working the forge the morning before when they had first entered the city.  Today her face was just as dirty.  Even though the sun had only been up for a couple hours, she had obviously been hard at work.  Her husband, a massive man standing behind the counter of their shop, stared at them plaicdly.  He wore a battered iron armor set that looked like it had seen too many battles and not enough love but had quite clearly saved the man's life several times, if the dents in the chest plate were any indication.  The fur padding underneath, sticking out under the armpits, was flattened with years of use but the thick leather straps criss-crossing his torso were suple and dark with regular care.
“Cas,” Sam shifted in his seat, making Cas open his eyes and glance in his direction. “How big a deal is this?  Please be honest with us, we have no clue about any of this stuff.  What would it mean for you to give your feathers to a demon in exchange for help?”
Cas merely answered with a slow blink and then tucked his head further under the blanket, his shoulders rolling like he was trying to wrap his wings tighter around himself.
Beside him, Jessy was still a little stiff.
Absently, he hoped the blood on both their faces didn’t get them kicked out on their tails.
who Castiel was.
“Hm?”  Sam was flicking through his ipod, trying to chose a song as if what he'd just done hadn't be the most epic verbal smack-down Dean had ever witnessed .
"Uh, you can go first," Dean muttered, looking away when Cas' tongue slid out to catch a drop of rain water caught in the bow of his lips.
Once they were back out in the light of day, the massive wooden doors creaking closed behind them, Dean finally felt like he could breathe properly again.
Castiel was truly afraid to move.  Had he gotten into a fight?  Had he run into other angels?  Was he being tortured again?  It certainly felt like it.
She looked torn, hesitating as she weighed the benefit of just agreeing with him against explaining why such a promise wasn’t possible.
This was obviously for the benefit of her sons, as she was, indeed, not sorry.  Castiel could smell the distain rolling off her.  She didn’t trust him.  And why should she?
So, nothing out of the ordinary for
Throughout the day, he would frequently reach down to grab them through his pants – just to make sure they were still there.
After they polished off the soup, the three of them lazed around the fire, full and warm and sleepy.  Sam had a half-finished bottle of mead in his hands and Cas' eyes were closed, his hands braced behind him and his wings relaxed and fluffy.
,” Sam started with a hint of distaste, impatience and overall arrogance that was so spot on for the high priced lawyer he looked like that Dean nearly asked him to take a bow.  “We’re both busy people so let’s try and work towards efficiency here.  My client has been arrested without a warrant which means you’ll need to let him go in another twelve hours anyway unless you get Castiel to press charges.  Which you wont.  On top of that you had Castiel restrained, sedated and taken to hospital against his will on the grounds that he is mentally unstable, which means even if you
Dean blinked, thrown off by such blunt words coming from behind such a flirtatious smile.
“He’s a slave again,” Sam finished with a sigh.  But then he straightened suddenly.  “Oh…but angels are already slaves in a way, aren’t they?  They just all have the same master: God.  What if the Vikings meant to transfer that title to the spell-caster?”
Something about him must have outwardly changed, because Dean looked relieved about whatever he saw on Castiel's face, his own breaking out in a brilliant smile like he'd accomplished something great by pushing back the screams in Castiel's head. He supposed Dean
"But I thought angels don't sleep." Sam had pointed out, speaking up for the first time.
Unperturbed by the aggressive display of Castiel's wings but feeling his gut twist at the growing panic etching itself into the tense set of Cas’ posture, Dean took slow and careful steps towards him, making sure his body language stayed loose and open while trying to ignore the sudden feeling that he’d somehow betrayed Cas by bringing two strangers here.
Castiel barely noticed.  They weren’t important.  The only thing that mattered was the threat in front of him and the grace coursing through his veins with righteous fury.
, he wanted to say.  But he wouldn’t, knew now that it wasn’t right to ask that of Cas after what he’d been through; after all the times he
“I can get you one though,” Dean amended quickly, it seemed likely that the owner had kicked the guy out and refused to serve him more.  Dean would have done the same thing; nothing kills a business like a patron drinking themselves to death in your bar.
“We need to get back to the road,” Castiel suddenly announced, sharply redirecting their course to the right.
Dean didn’t like it.  But he always felt compelled.  It was the only way he knew how to communicate with these humans that could not read his wings or even see his halo, let alone hear it.  So much of what he relied on to communicate with his own kind was utterly useless to humans. “I’m sorry I’ve caused you so much trouble.”
it sitting next to the potion you stole?” Dean snarked.
He focused on the question Sam asked him, grateful that it wasn’t an order.  “I…I woke up.  It was dark and I…couldn’t remember what had happened and…I was in pain. Again.  I thought having my wings here with me would have helped relieve the pressure for a while longer but…when I woke up just now it felt like I was being crushed again.  I don’t know how to explain the feeling, but I needed to relieve the pressure and the only way I could think of doing that now was to...” he motioned vaguely to the half-finished sigil cut in to his chest.
“I just mean that making potions looks a lot like making cookies or soup or something.”  Dean shrugged.  “You might like it.”
Sometimes Dean forgot that had even happened, he seemed stuck on thinking about Metatron and what he had done to Castiel.  But Metatron was far from the first person to strip Castiel of his autonomy and treat him like a robot that needed tuning.
Cas stepped in front of them, spreading his wings halfway to block the wind while he dug through his satchel.  The wind whipped his hair wildly and the tips of his longest flight feathers were fluttering against the brothers’ legs.
After he’d relieved himself, Castiel headed for the shouting, which seemed to be rising in volume and surprise, surprise, when he got to the war room, Sam and Dean were standing on opposite sides of the large table, roaring at each other like a couple of angry lions over a watering hole.
After a few moments of silence, in which Dean stared into the huge fire pit and sipped his cider, Cas dropped into the third chair between the brothers and picked up the last plate of food.
?!  Why?!”  He surged in to Dean’s space, relishing the way his eyes widened with poorly concealed fear as they flicked to Castiel’s wings spread so aggressively.  “Why
.  Which he had expected and hoped would help numb his warm, glowy thoughts about Cas, because it was starting to get a little unbearable, holding them all in when he’d been trying so hard to do the opposite with all his other feelings.
to the question than he may be in the answer to it.
Something deep inside him was trembling like a dam ready to burst and Dean let some of the pressure shudder out in a few careful breaths, uncaring of Sam watching him.
The near constant ache in Dean’s chest pulsed and he resisted the urge to reach out and touch Cas, because it would only be to comfort himself.  He could tell just from the set of Cas’ wings and the coil of his muscles that touching would not be welcome in that moment.
Dean was about to make a, likely unhelpful, comment but froze with his mouth open, the sound of something off kilter to the waves making him pause.  But he knew that sound, feathers cutting through air, strong muscles pushing against it.  It was either Cas or Hannah, it was impossible to tell which, but as the sound of the slow wing beats came closer, neither brother could see who it was through the fog.
And anyway, lately Dean’s thoughts had drifted more towards the kind of things Bobby used to do, with his vast library and many phones.
The soles of his feet tingled unpleasantly, the bones in his legs felt bruised, and he couldn’t tell if the sharp pains all through his torso were coming from his starving stomach or the spot where that Orc had rammed him in the chest.
Dean jumped at the volume of Castiel's voice and the anguish he could hear within it.  A damn had burst and he braced himself for the onslaught.
He startled a bit despite Dean's care and a few drops spilled over the side of the mug when Cas snapped back awake, his fingers tightening too quickly around the mug and eyes flashing open and darting around.
Cas visibly hesitated, his mouth opening a fraction of a second before he actually spoke.  “I – yes.”  He looked down and moved his leg, seemingly fascinated by the eddies of water generated by his movements.
Dean felt guilty.  Deeply, deeply, guilty.
Sam huffed a small laugh.  "Understood."
The first necro fell with an arrow through his heart and Dean dodge a fucking
“Sam?”
Behind him, Sam followed closely, silent and tense.
Dean rushed to the edge of the water beside Sam and the two of them spent a few minutes gulping down as much as they could stomach.  The water was icy cold and did a good job of quenching their thirst and quelling their hunger, but that wouldn’t last for long.
He shied away, shrunk back against the wall, waited for it to lash out at him.
The…guy?  He looked like a normal guy, other than the green skin and protruding lower jaw.  And the extra pointy teeth.  And he was more jacked than Arnold Schwarzenegger in his glory days.
Much better.
They were out of options and out of material to research.
Castiel writhed under him, his back arching off the bed.
“Anyway, long story short I, uh, I couldn’t swing this thing fast enough and it almost got my brother killed.  You got anything you might want to trade for it?”
“You laughing at me?”
The other part of him desperately needed Castiel to remember all the ways and reasons they knew each other, because the thought of spending the rest of his life this close to the angel, but still with that unbridgeable gap between them, made Dean want to curl up and drink himself to death.
With jerky movements, almost as if he were fighting it, Cas’ face turned in to the gentle wind blowing through the clearing and subtly re-animated.  The changes were small – another blink, a slight pursing of his lips – but it was movement from marble and Dean felt relief wash through him.  Off to his left, Sam exhaled softly.
Perhaps that banishing sigil had hit him harder than he thought.  He poked at his grace.  It stabbed back.
That massive, trembling force was rising up in Dean’s chest again.  The one that made him want to burn this place to the ground.  The one that wanted to wrap Cas in his arms and snarl at anyone that got too close, but Dean wrestled it in to submission because, in this, he had to stay logical.  He had to not let his rage and protectiveness run the show or it would only end up hurting them all more.
“Castiel, you with me, buddy?” he asked, the angel's full name feeling odd on his tongue.
Sam and Dean appeared in the doorway, telling them the path was clear.
“...understand...Cas...”
Vowing to plan better once they reached Ivarstead, Dean trudged on, letting Sam pass him and giving him an encouraging slap on the back.  His brother did not seem to be struggling the same way Dean was and he would never admit out loud that maybe all those morning runs Sam insisted on were actually paying off.
He lifted his head to glare at her, feeling his grace crackle, ready for a fight.
It had been a long time since he’d had a panic attack of this magnitude and it was hard to fight his way past the gut-wrenching images of what Cas had almost done to focus on the breathing exercises he’d been practicing.
For a moment longer, Dean watched Cas’ fluffy wing rise and fall, thinking that it was probably pretty damn cozy to be wrapped up in there, before he crept from the room and softly closed the door behind him.
the only one getting through Castiel's muddled thoughts.  He wished he could at least calm his breathing.  He was dragging air into his lungs too deep and too fast and it was making his heart race and his head spin.  Though at least with his back to the wall he could see that it was just the three of them there and Metatron's gut twisting giggles died away.
With a defeated but ingrained sense of morbid curiosity, he pulled together the shattered remains of his consciousness and examined just
Dean hardly dared to breath as Cas sleepily nosed up under his chin and his fingers twitched over Dean’s heart.  The heart-stopping sweetness of a sleepy Castiel was something he could have gone his entire life without experiencing because, now that he had, there was no way he’d be able to stop wanting it every morning for the rest of forever.
Darkness stared back and he slammed them closed again, curling into a tighter ball under the warmth and weight still around him.
Dean grinned, "You're gonna get your feathers wet, angel," he yelled over the waterfall behind him.
Now he’d gone and made it that much more obvious.  Up until now his wings had always been a source of pride for him.  They were sleek and powerful, meant for diving and weaving and cutting down his enemies.  He kept them impeccably groomed.  Not a feather out of place, as was expected for a Seraph of his ranking.
“Cas.”
.  And he would get through this.
Dean looked down and paused, bending slowly to pick his angel blade up off the floor.
to be blunt.  He needed Castiel to understand him perfectly.  There could be no room for error here, and he didn't want to leave the angel to try and pick up on his awkward in-between words.  That wasn't fair.
“No it's
hovered only seconds in the past.  He nuzzled into his feathers, trying to recapture the feeling.
He manifested his blade in his hand.
but then BOOM in comes Gandalf the White, at least eighty percent more bad ass than Gandalf the Grey and then Aragorn's like what the hell dude, we thought you were dead, we saw you fall and Gandalf's just like bitch please you think some burning lizard is going to take me down and then Legolas is all like -"
Outside the protective barrier of his wings –
He’d take it.
All in all, it didn't weigh near as much as Dean had been expecting, but it was certainly still noticable and even just standing doing nothing, he was starting to feel a bit warm.
“You need help,” Dean told him gently.  “And I don’t know what to do, Cas, because you deserve…you deserve someone who knows what they’re doing.  You deserve someone that doesn’t fix problems with duct tape and whiskey and it kills me that I can’t give that to you.”
“The planet, Nirn, is located in Messier Object 104.  The Sombrero Galaxy, humans have named it,” Cas clarified.
Castiel stared at him a moment longer and then pulled his wings in, standing so he could fold them tightly along his back, which meant he was still nervous, but probably trying hard to give them the benefit of the doubt.  Dean stood again, breathing out through his nose slowly, feeling relieved, like he’d managed to derail a major setback.
But he couldn’t tell his Father to take his wings back.  Couldn’t tell Him he didn’t deserve them when God had decided he did.  It would be blasphemy.  It would be treason.  He could no more tell his Father that he was wrong than he could disobey an order from him.
The entire city of Whiterun and the surrounding farmland was visible from where he stood on the path between the trees.  The massive building at the top of the city stood above all else against the backdrop of yet more jagged mountains, hazy in the distance.  The valley stretched long and wide off to the west and then disappeared into the horizon, faint pinks and yellows saturating the sky where it touched the land.
It made even more sense now, after seeing him so uncomfortable at the inn in Whiterun.  Unable to stretch or even really move his wings without knocking over a chair or touching a stranger.  Had that been why Cas hadn’t wanted to bring his wings out at the bunker?
Castiel suspected that that kind of comfort – or any kind of comfort, really – was not something ‘guys’ did.
wrong with you.  You are perfect just the way you are.” He took Cas’ hands in his and kissed them, “You are strong and kind and amazing and brilliant and I don’t want you to doubt that
Sam barrelled down the stairs and towards him with such urgency that Castiel felt himself taking a step back, the tweezers still held delicately just under his skin.
Yesterday, day four since they had started
"Sam, come on, help me get him to the car." Dean grunted, unable to deal with the fact that Castiel was fucking disappointed that Dean hadn't stabbed him in the heart.
Long after the grace had faded from their eyes and he heard them start to get into the chemical composition of different geneses of trees, Dean pushed himself to his feet with a groan.
It was later in the night that Cas had finally shifted under the blanket, blinking his eyes open only to shut them tight again almost immediately. So Dean had seized his window of opportunity while it lasted, had vaulted off his bed and rushed to the angel's side and started talking about nothing, about anything, just to give Cas something to hold on to.
Dean nodded quickly.  Liam was right, of course.
Dean switched to humming the rest of his tune, his voice rumbling over Castiel like thunder rumbled through the roof of the Impala.  The comfort of it settled into his weary bones and he let his feathers fluff up, feeling Dean’s hand freeze midway down his wing.
, not now that he had some
But Dean’s hand suddenly covered his own and Castiel stared up at him.
“How was it?”  she asked, collecting the empty plates.
Already feeling like a liability because of his overzealous choice in weaponry, it made Dean scowl.
He glanced up at the door leading out into the woods beyond the bunker, trying not to give off the feel of a prisoner about to pull a file from his pocket.
“Dean has a flat iron, did you know that Cas?”
He let his gaze drift away from the mountain and to all the guards patrolling the courtyard around the Hall.  He’d thought there were a lot of guards down in the city, but it was nothing compared to the number milling around up here.
what he was feeling.
had tears needling at Dean’s eyes and he gruffly cleared his throat, willing his stomach to just
“Move quietly,” Cas told them needlessly as he continued up the road, moving cautiously.  He kept glancing over his shoulder to the spot Dean had pointed to like he could see through the brush.
She moved as if to brush past them but Sam suddenly aiming a gun at her face pulled her up short.
“You’re good?”
Knowing that seemed to do nothing to stop the nervous feeling bleeding into his gut and he sat up, throwing the blankets off and scowling when his teeth chattered uncontrollably.
Kynesgrove was nestled close to the base of the mountain range that bordered the eastern side of Skyrim and the trio soon found themselves following the road that led through the broken stones that had fallen away from the cliffs over the last several thousand years and rolled into the valley.  It left a graveyard of massive boulders and sparse fir trees that had somehow managed to find a spit of dirt to root in.
Cas' eyes were the exact same color as the water past the drop off and just as easy to drown himself in, if he wasn't careful.
Dean reached the fire before Castiel did, glancing down at the two pots of washed clams before sitting heavily on the tree trunk beside Sam.
The gas pedal was already touching the floor.  Dean pressed it harder, his knuckles white around the steering wheel.  In his other hand, the plastic casing on his phone cracked in his grip.
Dean wanted to scoff at the absurdity of the question, but found his throat was clogged and tight with worry - which turned to panic when Cas’ gaze simply drifted away without an answer.
Cas stood between the effigies, running a hand over the iron claps that were keeping the gates closed before giving a little push at the doors.  They didn't so much as budge, which meant they had probably been magically sealed.  Even so, he gave up quicker than Dean probably would have, gesturing for the brothers to follow as he skirted the skewered corpse and continued following the wall into a stand of pine trees.  The wall curved sharply to the right and, on their left, the base of a small, rocky hill boxed them in.
The angel shook his head, though he didn't look particularly tired.
He longed for unconsciousness and shamelessly asked Dean to give it to him.
help you.”
Of course, he
human now; like having to wear oven mitts when taking things out of the oven or grudgingly getting Sam to fetch something off the top shelf of the pantry for him.  Other things, though, frequently reminded Dean that even though Cas looked and moved like a human, he was most definitely not one.
Dean finally tore his eyes away, running down the road after his brother until the sounds of the troll's roaring faded away and they finally stumbled to a halt, hands on their knees as they caught their breath.
.  But he couldn’t see anything.
“It’s ok, Cas,” he promised.  “We’ll go home in a bit.  I just want to talk.”
The idea wasn't as laughable as it once had been, not now that Team Free Will had expanded as it had; not now that Dean was pushing forty and his brother wasn't far behind.  His muscles seemed perpetually sore the last few years and his four hours a night was now next to impossible.  It was seven to eight hours a night or he was an absolute liability.  So yeah, sometimes Dean might think about going somewhere just for the sake of going there.  To relax.  For
The two of them scarfed down the carrots and apples that had been sitting on the shelves – thankful that the weather had been cool enough to keep them somewhat fresh – and then joined Cas out in front of the shack.
Sure, he could see the surface of the water when it glistened in the setting sun.  He could see the waves rushing towards the shore, and sometimes he may even glimpse a fish or two jumping out of the water to catch a bug, hinting at the lake’s
The morning air was crisp and cold on his skin and Castiel closed his eyes, letting it sooth the dull burn still smouldering inside him.  He wished he could appreciate the warmth.  He’d been so cold lately.  But it was the kind of heat that an open wound gave off.  Given the morning’s dramatic activities, he supposed it made sense.
And hiding away in a dark hole for that long was not normal for either humans or angels, Castiel reminded himself.
“The last time I was here, Skyrim seemed on the verge of civil war and I fear it is reaching its apex now.  The Imperials rival the Stormcloaks.  The Stormcloaks are the rebellion that rose up against the Imperial Legion, who sought to force all factions, races and regions under one rule and one governing head.”
Even if all he could get was a mangled sense of recognition in the way Castiel looked at him, like he knew Dean but didn't know how or why.
He'd heard Hannah confess her envy of Castiel.  She'd told him that few 'escaped' heaven like he had.  She told him she wanted to escape too.  Dean had listened while she cried into Castiel's shoulder and had to shove his fist in his mouth when Castiel started whispering urgent, soothing words to her in Enochian, trying to calm her and reassure her even though his voice was shaking.
– that Dean would ever,
Castiel had just managed to let himself sink in to the familiar and mind-numbing trance of a long and steady march on aching legs when the sound of the Impala roaring in the distance caught his ear.  He heard it before any human would and smiled – a pitiful twitch of his lips – knowing the sound of that car more than an angel should.  He crossed the two lanes and trudged through the soggy median and across the other two lanes just as the Impala came over a gentle hill in the road.
“So, uh,” Dean stuttered, looking away from the sight of Cas' throat working as he swallowed. He heard him bite into the fruit again and quickly pressed on. “So, first of all, can I ask how you're doing with, you know, getting your memories sorted out?”
"Besides, people like that
A long-suffering sigh whooshed out of Sam's broad chest and he held the book up so that Dean could read the title.
Sam's phone was already in his hands, his thumbs blurring arcoss the keyboard.
But he was only human, Dean told himself when he leaned in and pressed his lips to Cas’ forehead.  His skin was cool and damp with the humidity in the air.
care.  So long as Cas kept his promise, that was all that mattered.  Besides, he likely wouldn't even understand Cas' explanation anyway.
It wasn’t nearly as nice looking as the Bannered Mare.  The roof was thatched instead of tiled and the plain log walls were grey and old.  There were no intricated designs carved into the door and the sign at the bottom of the stairs – Sleeping Giant Inn – was so old that the paint had worn off it.
The blanket had been Sam's idea and, as it turned out, a really good one at that. They'd spent months reading up on angels, anything they could get their hands on, and Dean now understood Cas better than he ever had. Better than he'd ever bothered to, he corrected himself bitterly.
"This is your
, wings flexing at his back, wrists twisting in Sam’s grip even though he was trying to keep still.  It didn’t matter though, the hold they had on him was strong and Jörmungandr was hissing in his ear, constricting tighter with every thought Castiel had of trying to free himself.
He didn’t have to think so hard about breathing now.  At his side, Sam was becoming a warm and much more solid presence and Castiel pushed himself away to sit up on his own with great effort.  Memories, from millions of years ago, floated into the back of his mind, of a pile of limbs and feathers and softness and warmth and safety...
His grace flared again, hissing and spitting like a wounded animal and he clutched the arm rests so hard the wood cracked ominously.
Castiel's gaze turned icy, “You once prayed for me to come help you open a pickle jar.”
Dean’s eyes were swimming with a lot of things Castiel likely could not decipher even if he had the energy to try.
More like piled on top of them, he thought ruefully.
Now, with all the memories of being used and discarded by his only two friends still adrift somewhere, Castiel was finally asking for something he wanted. He looked heart-breakingly apprehensive about it, though, and seemed to already regret asking, but he'd said out loud that he wanted something and that was a good first step.
They towered before them, even higher than the city walls on either side.  They looked to be made of metal, which had then been reinforced with iron bars that ran from the top to the bottom and also side to side.  At the very top, Dean had to crane his neck to see, the stone wall arched over the doors and there were three massive eagle heads glaring down at them, beaks open in a silent screech and eyes carved in purposefully menacing detail.
Thank you again to Michaela for beta reading <3
Dean wasted no time jumping into the fray, but had to leap back out of the way of the sword tip immediately when it nearly grazed his chest.  Sam was on his feet again, swinging one of his axes down through the air.  The green man deflected the blow with a casual movement of his elbow, not so much as loosening his grip on the pommel of his sword and making a stab for Sam’s chest that he only just managed to twist away from.
Despite the fact that the temperature was steadily dropping, they gained no altitude.  In fact, the road sloped steadily downward, heading towards sea level.  By the time the sun was sinking down behind the mountain range later that day, a hundred or so kilometres to the east, the air was dry and the wind was sharp.
Sam gave him a sidelong glance, clearly having been traumatized enough by the last potion to risk losing a few extremities instead of swallowing another.  But his teeth were chattering and his face was pale and windburned.
It was a conjuration, he could tell right away with how he could see clear through it – through to where Sam was back and pressed against the wall beside Dean with a large book open in his hands.
Sam and Dean both watched, tense and scared to move less it shatter the bit of trust Cas had managed to scrape together to show Liam one of his most horrific memories.
Cas’ eyes were narrowed against the sudden light, his face pale and pinched with pain and a bruise was blossoming across his cheek from where a vampire had probably caught him in the face.
The highway disappeared under the Impala’s tires, and Dean cast the occasional glance towards the stars.  Out here, the light pollution couldn’t reach them, and they glittered down at him; sharp and accusing.
"-then the logical solution would be to stop and get some rest."  Cas was already on his phone, thumbs tapping away faster than even Sam's could.  "There's a motel five miles from here," he muttered, swiping the screen and tossing the phone on the seat between them.
At the same time, Dean was charging in from the direction of the garage, an
A sign hanging outside the largest of the four buildings in the town read
Dean’s body arranged itself into a pre-fight stance all on its own and he saw Sam do the same to his right.  His hands clenched and unclenched, the ghost of a knife echoing in the palm of his very empty hand.  Everyone he could see looked like civilians and probably wouldn’t be too hard to put down if the need arose.  But there were guards nearby and a brawl with them meant they would have to flee the city, still weaponless, back into the surrounding foothills, and effectively lose their only real lead.
Dean choked on a laugh, scrubbing away the rest of the pins and needles behind his eyes.  “You got three hours?”
?” Dean had to repeat, crushing the words like gravel between his teeth.  “Why do I
“They high profile or something?”  he prompted.  “We've tracked down tons of people before.  Who do you want us to find?”  He watched Cas' face closely but all he did was press his full lips together a little more firmly.
thank you very much - Dean's head snapped up and he nearly dropped the unconscious angel.
and everything else can wait.”
“Let it go, Cas,” Dean soothed, trying to follow his own advice.
“What was I, Dean, that I am not now?”
“Dammit, Crowley, will you help us or not?”
“What men did you see on the bridge?”  Castiel asked firmly.  “Tell me.”
“Trolls are strong but, fortunately, they're also quite stupid.  I was able to lead him back up the road and off the waterfall.”
He knew Dean – knew him so well that it made something hot and fierce burn through him when he looked too deep into his green eyes. But he did not know
Lips on his neck, nibbling at his collar bone, while soft hands pushed up under his shirt, skirted around a nipple, thighs squeezing his hips, breath ghosting over his skin, Dean felt like he was adrift in the very ocean waters he could hear lapping at the shore.
Castiel finally lifted his gaze off the table, his blue eyes dull, and shrugged one broad shoulder.
A hand on his back made him jump and he spit out an Enochian curse word, feeling as if the milk might not be far behind it.  Sam’s hand stayed on his back, rubbing soothing circles between his shoulders and, after a few seconds, Castiel let himself relax.
Right now, he endeavoured to see
of the five events have already come to pass.  The fourth was the death of Uriel Septim."
Dean sighed, feeling like he was about a hundred and forty years old instead of just forty.  Or forty-one.  However old he was now.
Out in the light of day, Castiel looked down at himself and, despite everything, felt one corner of his mouth turn up.  He was
way.  But the more Liam talked, the more Cas was transforming in Dean’s mind from this untouchable, incomprehensible, blurry being…to something organic that had a physical form and had to follow the same rules of biology that any other living thing did.
He winced.  Dean wouldn’t like that.  Dean didn’t like it when was injured enough for his grace to shine through.  Dean didn’t like it when Castiel wasn’t as human as possible.
“Ok,” he quietly agreed.  He could give Sam and Dean this time alone.  He would pretend to sleep and stay out of the way like they needed.  It was the least he could do after all the trouble he had caused.
“Of course you do.
Castiel sighed, hot breath puffing against Dean’s neck.
know how to do that but I thought we might just use a flint instead.” He pulled what looked like two cylindrical black rocks from his bag and moved to crouch near where they’d decided the fire should go, which was about four feet away from where Cas was laying.
He let it go, letting his eyes sweep over the jagged, snow-capped mountain peaks stabbing at the sky all around them.  There wasn't much else to see, it seemed they were too deep in the mountains now and the valleys and rolling plains they had left behind were well out of sight.
“The monks managed to communicate some coordinates,"  Cas continued as they picked through the pile of clothing.  "It is the last known location their person of interest was seen.  I'm almost certain I translated them correctly – we shall see, I suppose.  Change as soon as you are ready and we'll leave right away,” He instructed, grabbing a shirt and pair of pants - seemingly at random - from the pile.  Then he looked up sharply, as if just remembering something.  “Do
He wanted to tell them that Enochian was so much easier. Those syllables rolled off his tongue more comfortably than any other language, but he found the same words in English and said it again anyway, uncaring that his native tongue dug heavily into the pronunciation.
“Indeed.”
Windhelm city gates
He vowed to pay more attention to what his body was telling him.  This kind of work was all new to him, he couldn’t expect any of his usual methods to work here.  Ignoring it until the hunt was over and then going home to lick his wounds in the safety of the bunker just wasn’t going to work here.
He felt the need to explain that there was nothing unique about them.
"I do, however that is not my biggest concern.  They have drawn snow on the map, which leads me the believe that Windhelm is perpetually cold.  I have a potion that should help keep you somewhat warm but do you think it will be enough?"
Cas.  Lately, even when the angel was standing right next to him, it felt like he was in some terrible, inaccessible place that Dean couldn’t reach.  He missed the confused head tilts when his bad jokes didn’t land.  He missed Cas poking at weird human things and asking what they were for.  He missed Cas’ blue eyes seeking him out on the rare occasion they were in a social situation and Cas got lost in the body language and subtext of the conversation.
The dial to turn the burner on and off clicked as Dean lowered the heat.
His heart gave an aching beat.  What
“Sorry, I didn't catch your name,” Sam said as Dean shoveled a spoonful of warm beef stew into his mouth.
Dean shifted closer again, crouched down so that his shoulders were hidden under the water, and watched closely for any signs of Castiel’s comfort level starting to slip.
He rushed to Cas’ side, putting a hand on his back and wincing when he could feel the faint knobs of his spine through the sweater.
“I’ll go find her,” Sam muttered, escaping the room as well as the uncomfortable atmosphere.
Sam nodded encouragingly but Wilhelm didn't look convinced.
Craning his neck to stare up at the clouds that cloaked the top half of it from view, Dean felt a bit like an ant at the bottom of a sky scraper.
Cas reached back and unhooked his bow, notching an arrow quickly.  “I think it's a troll.”
you so that we can use your grace while you’re
“Is this a
Dean just shook his head, slotting the race of fucking
The huge presence, which had been hovering by the door all this time, moved slowly out of the shadows. Sam took careful steps behind Dean and then crouched down beside him, his soft brown eyes and concerned expression echoing as something familiar in Castiel's memory.
It was one thing to just
Castiel pulled back, biting his bottom lip through a smile and looking shyly up at Dean through his eyelashes in a way that had Dean torn between the heart melting
Cas grit his teeth like he was trying to crush gravel between them.  "Shoulder."
The Impala’s tires sprayed gravel in a shower as Dean tore up the dirt road.
"Cass, did I just have a stroke or did he say he was Doc Holliday" Dean grabbed the seraph by the forearm for balance as he felt the colour drain from his be-freckled face.
"I'm Dean, this is Cass" Dean introduced themselves, not feeling the need to use aliases.
His phone pinged and the group huddled around the Angel to grab a glimpse of the Guinea pig.
"A broke one?" Dean shot out as a guess.
"Right I'll get my stuff" Jack stood up from the table and started to walk away.
Dean's head popped up from the top of the staircase "Cass darlin' what's the hold up" He voiced down from above them.
"Dean also says that helps" Cass shrugged his shoulders.
"I think a few thousand years does matter pal" Shane chuckled, eyes crinkling as he laughed. "Castiel ain't no spring chicken, more of a sugar daddy rooster I'd say" The demon wiggled his eyebrows toward Dean.
"Come on we've got more rooms to check out" Ryan sighed brushing off how he was still irate with Shane's destruction of his ghost hunting gear.
Everyone is there
"Nice to meet you guys" Shane said as he looked towards the hunter and the Angel. "Very nice" He smirked,
"And purgatory also" Cass added, recalling the time he and Dean had spent there.
"I'm glad you like it man" Dean smiled softly.
"Baby bro congrats on the matrimony!" Lucifer began to pester Castiel as soon as Dean is out of the room with this new information at his disposal.
"Hey buddy, I understand this has to be a shook to the system. I get it. You're probably confused and scared right now but-" Shanes little speech was cut short when Ryan launched forward and punched the demon in the face.
"I didn't knew you guys were fans? Do you want us to sign some stuff for you?" Ryan asked gleefully.
Shane returned swiftly with a boom mic in tow. A little too swiftly actually.
"Say how about we try some of that good old Lemp beer now guys?" Dean hastily suggested.
"Do tell good sir" Shane replied.
"I gotta make a quick call, I'll be right back" Dean nodded to Cass to keep a handle on the situation in his absence, as he headed out of the suite down to a little side room upstairs.
"Yeah, turns out I'm outnumbered" Shane told Ryan "besides I have a damn go-pro strapped on me, I think we'll get enough footage of the wind knocking things over"
"BEE" It continued.
"Real mature" Shane scoffed at the hunter.
The demon shuffled in his seat, taking in the annoyance on the hunters face with glee.
He blanked "Uhhhh is it laundry day?" Lucifer went out on a limb.
Dean hung up the phone and with that he was in the clear. He had snuck a little white lie past Sam, yet again. What was the harm in that? Besides he and Cass had everything under control right?
"Spoil sport" Shane huffed as he scooted to the passenger side and Dean took his rightful spot behind the wheel.
There's a fire within my soul-
"No, for real he's an honest to God Angel. The harp and wings kind" Dean explained to the gunslinger.
"You've got to be shitting me" Ryan ran his hands through his hair from the stress of the situation.
“Well, it won’t hurt them, but they’ll be out for a while.  Dean, you said Castiel has their own room?” Liam prompted.
“Cas.”  A thick smile spread under Dean’s troubled eyes.  “Hey, I thought you were sleeping.”
For all the many years he had known them, he’d listened silently while they talked about his kind with distain, hatred, and disgust and had naively believed he was different, separate, from them.  Still, it always hurt to hear.  Yes, heaven had it’s issues, but could Sam and Dean really claim to be any better?  And with how fully their hatred for his kind – and any non-human species – permeated their lives, how could Castiel ever think that they could see anything other than just another angel when they looked at him?
As if on que, a few little bubbles popped on the surface right where Cas had been standing.
Castiel nodded back, the movement a subconscious mirror.  He stared up at Dean steadily, most of the panic gone from his eyes, replaced with something more focused and infinitely more disturbing.
“Man, don't call Cas an animal.”
“Thank you.  We will pass on your message,” promised Cas.
The squirrel jumped from its branch onto a sapling growing out of the rocky wall, scurried down the mossy rocks and scrabbled onto an even smaller sapling, which bowed under the weight of the tiny critter when it strained out on to it’s only branch, little nose and tail twitching.
Here, where the creek forced a part in the tree tops and allowed the sun to reach the ground, there were lush green saplings and leafy plants growing in abundance, lining the edge of the trickling water and clinging to the stones and earth slopping down.  The well-traveled path hugged the rocky drop off, curving around a natural bowl formation that had been carved out by the waterfall, leaving a deep pool of water at the bottom, so clear they could see the sand and small stones at the bottom. Directly across the water from the trail, the terrain rose up sharply again and in every nook and cranny in the rocky wall there were tufts of lush green moss and small plants that had somehow managed to find a foothold and put down roots.
"Deathbell," he told Dean, picking all three blossoms.  "They're beautiful, aren't they?"  He held up one flower by the stem for Dean to observe.
As predicted, the two humans froze, reasonably disturbed by the sight.
Thank you to Michaela for beta reading! <3
anything useful in them.  Which seems unlikely because besides that one page with the spell on it I can’t find
.  The crisp air woke him instantly and he rubbed his hands together to keep the cold at bay as he glanced around the small camp for his brother, wondering if he’d managed to coax any more rations out of Aldis with his lethal puppy dog eyes.
And the odds of Falion having gone to fetch some friends were too high for Dean to relax.
’ way of carrying himself and he wondered what it meant that both his and his brother had picked up on the need to move and speak so gently.  What had happened to Cas over the last five weeks to turn him in to this skittish creature?
He couldn’t feel them; couldn’t see them; couldn’t even think about them, or the grief would have paralyzed him.  He’d caught a glimpse of them, when he first woke on that forest floor and had looked back to see the exposed bones and hanging, featherless, flesh and he had retched into the dead leaves under his feet.
When Cas eventually pulled away after a few long, blissful moments, Dean reluctantly let him go, darting his tongue out to chase the taste of the angel on his lips.
in the silence of the fog over their heads.
“I’m sorry.  I should have kept you both updated but I…it was difficult enough just to stay hidden from the other angels.  I couldn’t do both.  I, um,” he looked away, shame coloring his cheeks.  “I was struggling.”
“Right.  Yeah, sorry...”  Dean said awkwardly, his stomach twisting.
Dean threw the plate into the dish rack, the bit of cheese still stuck to it, and picked up a mug with petrified coffee stuck in the bottom.
The bonds squeezed out of nowhere, as if they could hear him, choking him with the suddenness of it.
annoying.  With his usual crutch having been whipped out from under him, Dean was left with…tea and his own budding ability to psychoanalyse himself.
, his inner dialogue sneered.
“Oh, wow, yeah, ok.  You’re eyes just went like…coal grey and then dark blue.  I think.  It changed really fast.  Do you know what’s happening, Cas?  Is that normal?”
They had tied him down just like Metatron had.  They were cutting him open, taking his grace away, just like Metatron had.  And what’s worse, they had taken his free will away too.
; had said
The hunter looked stricken, swallowed, but then ploughed on with determination.
“Sorry, buddy, but we should get moving if we're gonna make it to Kynesgrove.”
they needed to know about these things or what it meant if he did and Castiel didn’t ask, feeling as if he’d been hollowed out by an ice cream scoop by the time Sam was done talking a long while later.
"Oh man!"  Sam whined.  "He's so...overprotective," Sam finished half-heartedly and if Dean wasn't hearing things, he'd bet his brother had a fond smile on his lips.  "Anyway...about this case...it's definitely vampires but I think it might be a nest and I think there might be a lot of them."
He grinned and quickly reassured his brother, “They’re fine.  Great, Cesar said.  They, uh, they were wondering if they could stop by and visit for a few days.”
“That's good, right?” he asked carefully. “It's good that you still have them.”
He could do this.  He
. He ploughed on, tripping over his words. "You said you always come when I call. Well I'm fucking calling you now, Castiel." he squeezed the angel's hand tighter. "Hear my prayer." he pleaded. "I can't do this without you." he stared down at the other man's serene face. "My angel."
“Because taking too many pill can hurt you, Cas!”
“Hey, you find anything?” he asked the doctor, his voice hoarse.
His heart was aching and he wasn’t sure why, but Sam was still snoring and Cas was still breathing deep and even and his head was heavy on Dean’s chest.
It growled at him in betrayal.
The angel looked between the brothers as they finally pulled themselves upright and got their breathing under control, looking as if he didn't understand why they weren't still running from the guards.
“Look!”  Cas was smiling as he pointed down into another shallow valley.
“Tertial feathers are rooted in the bone.  It’s not like pulling out a strand of hair, it’s like ripping off a finger.”
his grace being stolen.  And able to do
When Cas' eyes lingered closed and the mug tilted in his slack fingers Dean spoke up, making sure to keep his voice soft, “Cas, you're gonna spill your coffee.”
Then it clicked.
After voicing his concerns to Liam, the man patiently explained that it could be learned, and that he could teach Dean, but it would take time.
“Cas, this is Cesar and Jessy,” Sam introduced them, “Guys, this is Castiel.”
Dean hadn't lingered on it too long, he was just happy they'd found something Cas enjoyed. He took some pride in knowing he'd been the one to find the things Cas favored most; the large fruit bowl in the middle of the table was stocked with expensive organic mangoes and papaya.
“Oh…now they’re grey.  What…what does that mean?”
"I just came back from the edge of an indescribably dark abyss for you, surely -"
So focused was he on convincing himself – and the serpent – that he didn’t even
Strangely, he felt hollow, which was an improvement over the torrential downpour of emotions he’d been dealing with lately.  It was at odds with what had just transpired.  He felt like he should feel more…more
He wondered if this was the first time Cas had talked about the Oblivion Crisis out loud since it had happened.
When they finally got to the police station – the Southwest Presinct, Dean noted – he was finally dragged to a payphone and Calwell stood watch while he dialed Sam’s cell phone number.
He watched them flicker, as if crying for help.
God had made these creatures to be blindly obedient, fiercely loyal, and incapable of autonomous thought.  To the point where, apparently, their brains just…broke if something happened and one of those three things was changed.
subdue an angel.”
She laughed.  "Good, I'm glad."
He was doing good, he thought, with the 'being direct' thing.  It was easier than he thought it would be.  But then he looked back up at Cas and saw incomprehension written all over the angel's face.
“There's a shit-ton of butterflies around here,” Dean observed keenly, spotting a cluster of the yellow and orange insects fluttering around over the road and in the trees up ahead.
Dean felt as if he was in a cave and his torch was slowly dying.
It was immediately evident that Cas couldn't raise his arm past shoulder height and Dean watched him swallow around a groan of pain, his heart thudding too hard in his chest.
His eyes were closed, blocking out even the meager light shining from under his closed door, so that the only thing his senses were taking in was how warm and soft his feathers felt against his vessel’s skin.
“You’re alright, Castiel.  You’re safe.  Hold still now, you’re alright.”
“You’re alive…you can’t be alive,” Castiel mumbled, blinked, swallowed and felt his legs shaking again already. “You can’t…”
Dean couldn't help but grin when he looked over and saw Cas sprawled on his stomach, his head burrowed under the pillows, one arm hanging over the edge of the mattress and the blankets bunched up and tangled around his legs.  He could just make out the steady rise and fall of his back as he breathed deep and even.
doh-oh-ah-ee-nay
The bear reared out of the brush on its hind legs and roared loud and angry like they'd personally offended it.  If it had been next to them, it would have towered even over Sam.
learn themselves.”
Castiel lifted one of his wings, leaning more heavily onto the other, and stretched it out to the side with a grimace like it had cramped.  All around the big, bony joint Dean could see that the feathers were wet and sandy, matted in a way he knew the angel would likely find irritating once his focus shifted from the task at hand.  But then Cas folded the wing back and pressed the ball of the joint back into the ground and kept digging.
.  What he knew as Castiel's 'angel face' was not angelic at all.  It was his warrior face.
“Uh, yeah.  Yeah, I guess.”
"They should have let the city burn," the third soldier, who had thus far remained silent, suddenly snarked.
“We’ll take the deal. How soon can your angel expert get here?”  Dean spoke evenly into the phone, relieved to hear that none of the heartache that had carved a home in his chest came through in his voice.  The last thing he wanted was for Crowley to figure out just how badly they needed him.
She had them folded tightly against her back advancing on Castiel, who was now backing away with his wings arched behind him and spread to half their length, a look on his face that suggested he was just waiting for her to leap at him.
The color was faint but it was there, along with half a dozen deep groves where the axe swinger had been a little too enthusiastic.  The basket was probably there to catch the heads.
“It’s fine, I’ll do it.”
what this life does to humans, I know how difficult it is to change your opinions about something or someone, even if it’s someone you care for deeply.  You may feel like you’re betraying them, or being cruel.  And you may not understand why you desperately
“No listen,” Dean reached out and gently guided Castiel’s face back around to look at him.  “I said that wrong.  What I meant was I’m scared
But Crowley merely leveled a deadpanned stare upon them.  “You’ve known Castiel for ten years and you think I’m lying about how difficult it is to talk to angels?”
Humans did this too, when they got angry.  They raged and threw things and screamed and destroyed.  They just lacked the devastating amount of power to cause any true damage.  He, on the other hand, had plenty of it, even wounded as it was.  He felt a bit like a caged and injured animal – hackles rising, a growl hanging in the back of his throat, the twitchy, itchy need to lash out at something.  It was troubling, given that he knew there was nothing here to hurt him.
“Uh...second question,” Sam continued, unnerved.  To be fair, it was Dean who was used to being on the end of that stare.  “You said they contacted you specifically...but you've never met them?”
After the fall, Castiel had purposely severed his wings from the rest of his being as completely as he could without actually cutting them off.  It was the only way he’d managed to survive; the only way he was able to take one step after the other until he found his way back to Sam and Dean.
When the hall ended and opened up into the war room, Castiel froze, wide eyes lifting to the high domed ceiling, then dropped down over the door, slid around the spiral staircase, swept over the massive table, taking everything in with an unreadable expression.
Cas gave him an incredulous look, huffing a little laugh like he thought Dean had made a particularly outlandish joke.
"I wasn't hungry then either."  Cas lifted one shoulder in an unconcerned shrug.
for help.  There's gotta be a catch.”
if he indulged in such comforts.  There was no one to see or judge him, former commander of heavenly armies, nearly catatonic while he behaved like a fledgling.
and screwed his eyes shut, going completely still.
Dean was suddenly in his line of sight and very close to his face.  Castiel blinked his way back to the present conversation, resisting the urge to slap the man like a fly buzzing around his head.
He wondered if Cas knew what day it was too...or if he'd remember what it meant.
Heat flooded Dean's face and he sunk back into his chair a little, swallowing under the angel's irritated gaze.  He looked just as annoyed now as he had when Dean had handed him that pickle jar.
Liam nodded, pursing his lips and staring at Cas’ limp form from the doorway, looking more and more concerned the longer he stared.  “Well, if they reacted that strongly to such a small amount of tea then they’ll be asleep for several hours.  Don’t worry, it will be good for them to get some good rest.”
that needs killing!”
Cas' eyes opened slowly, his pupils were blown wide already and Dean's mouth suddenly went dry.
Castiel allowed himself a small twitch of his lips, feeling cruel.  “Well then, you finally understand why I rarely bother speaking.”
“It wasn’t a theory,” Castiel corrected darkly. “I would recognize that particular stench of death anywhere.  Their magic leaves something toxic that lingers long after they have left.”
A spike of panic raced through him, but the fangs behind his eyes receded, praising him for his obedience as if he’d made the choice to drop his blade himself.
“In case that wasn't clear enough,” Castiel drawled, though his voice trembled finely, “I love you the same way. I only regret that you heard it from Lucifer first,” Castiel said around the edges of a smirk.
taken personally and the look on Dean’s face was the same one he’d had that time Castiel told him he’d accidentally put diesel in the Impala instead of gasoline.
But when they came out from between those walls into the open space in front of the city gates, the wind nearly knocked him over and he hurried after Sam and Cas, drinking in the sight of the city gates and trying his best to ignore how supremely uncomfortable he was.
“What do you want the feathers for?” Sam asked coolly.
tired and
"Mornin' sunshine," he quipped cheerily, walking over to stand beside Cas' sprawled form.
The tents were made of several layers of animal hides thrown over simple wood frames.  They looked solid enough to hold up to some strong winds but, in the trees, the air was relatively calm.  Each tent had a bed roll and thick, heavy looking blankets and furs laid out and there was a soldier sound asleep in the tent closest to Dean's left.  Two other soldiers were sitting around a large fire pit, on which they were roasting something Dean didn't recognize.
A nest.  They had built him a nest.
Well, except that one time – but he hadn’t done that again.  He wouldn’t have.  Not after what happened last time he went home with someone.
He made an effort to pay attention.  Sam sometimes knew how to talk so Castiel could actually understand.
“Sam?”  he grumbled, sounding perturbed.
They were getting there, slowly rebuilding Team Free Will into what it used to be. The bonds, though still tentative and delicate, already felt stronger than they ever had before and he smiled, watching as Cas dropped a piece of popcorn somewhere in the folds of the three heated blankets piled around him, digging for it for a few seconds before his feathers fluffed in irritation and he gave up, returning his attention to the TV.
“Um,” he closed his eyes and rubbed his fingers against his temple.  “Four or five days ago, I think.”
He shook himself.  “He’s complaining about how loud the prayers are in a hospital, talking about flying away?!  Come on, you’re a doctor, diagnose the situation!”
“There are a few things we need to discuss before we can leave, and a few precautions we must take,” Castiel told them, breezing past Dean.
Crowley flashed them a grin.  Sam scowled but went to the kitchen and returned a moment later with three glasses and a very old looking bottle.  Apparently, this discussion was heavy enough to break the no booze rule.
There was a reason he’d won so many battles.  There was a reason he kept getting back up every time he was cut down.  He was a weapon of incomprehensible destruction.  His Father had created him to destroy and he was going to destroy Lucifer or obliterate himself trying.
“'Course.  They took over the fort after the Imperials were driven out and they don't take kindly to strangers they find bumbling past their door.”
Dean leaned forward and grabbed the back of Cas' head, pressing their mouths together with a desperate sense of urgency that he became aware of only a few millimeters away from the angel's lips. He tangled his finger's in the soft, dark hair and swallowed the little whimper that trickled from Cas' throat and niped at those soft, plush lips until he felt light headed.
They'd been over this before, but it still made Dean's stomach drop whenever Cas lamented the loss of his healing powers.
He moved to the doors, grabbed one of the iron rings, and pulled the massive wooden gate open as if it weighed nothing at all, earning a look from both guards.  As he passed by, Dean tried to take in as much as possible about Jervar as he could without openly stopping and staring.
“That’s not funny.”
do anything to save their angel as soon as a solution was offered to them.
Dean eyed a pile of dirty, bloody rags piled on a table outside one of the tents, but the flap was closed and he couldn’t see inside.
Liam looked over his shoulder.  “Castiel, why don’t you go get some fresh air?  Try not to wander far, or we’ll worry.”  He smiled tightly.
Guns a' blazin' it was.
That was an understatement, thought Dean.  The angel's behavior was alarming and upsetting; struggling to hold on to a thought long enough to get it out of his mouth, stumbling over his words and breaking away from one conversation to start another.
wanna try?”
Dean cleared his throat and stood, taking a few steps over to the hulking monster that had almost killed them and leaned over the thing with a frown, doing his best to ignore the twinge in his chest.
But, they'd figured it out eventually – just like they always did, Dean thought with a rueful smile – and Castiel had responded well to his name, seemingly regaining a vast amount of memories in a stretch of a few painful seconds. He'd cried out under the onslaught and it had taken everything Dean had not to reach out to him.
weird.”
But he felt heat rising in his face when Cas gave him a sidelong look.
He was considerably more well dressed than the three of them.  He wore a chainmail tunic, over which was a vest with overlapping leather scales.  A swatch of mustard yellow canvas fabric wrapped around his shoulders and down his front, held in place by some thin leather straps, likely to help ward off the chilly night air.  His boots looked sturdy and were lined with fur that looked like it might have been white once.
Castiel hummed, turning his head to look at the squirrel when it stretched to brace its tiny front paws on his wing where it drooped around his shoulder.
"You got it!"
?  Why couldn't he be an asshole?  Though that didn't really work because Cas was frequently a grouchy asshole and Dean found it absolutely endearing.  The way he would scowl at the coffee maker when it refused to give him coffee faster; the way he would up and leave the room when tv characters made stupid decisions.  The way he would positively glower at Dean whenever the hunter made him get out of bed before he wanted to.
Now that he'd started, he couldn't seem to stop and he reached under the blanket for Cas' hand, finding it immediately and squeezing unresponsive fingers as Castiel's face went blurry under the tears gathering in his eyes.
The two necros seated at the table leapt up with a cry and the one sleeping in the bed in the corner jerked awake.
The man was still an hour out from the bunker and Dean spent it showering and doing a load of laundry, carefully avoiding the sitting room.  When he sat down at the War Room table to wait, he could just hear the tinny sound of canned laughter from some sitcom Sam likely had on as a distraction.
Almost as if he’d forgotten they were there, Liam blinked, looking over.
Castiel's wings inched out and his shoulders tensed.
There were two horses tied to a tree not far from the road, saddled with supplies, their tails flicking lazily, seemingly unperturbed by the building storm.  They were hefty creatures, just like the drug dealer’s horse had been, and they looked like they could handle a harsh winter.
“But –“ Dean started without knowing what he wanted to say.  This didn’t feel like it should even
Lifting his head at Dean’s exclamation, Cas blinked at him owlishly through glowing eyes.  But it wasn’t just the normal amount of glowing – that pinprick of grace in the center of each pupil – this looked like his eyeballs had been replaced with lightbulbs.
Dean huffed out a slow breath, feeling his heart rate coming down from a height he hadn’t noticed it climb to, and turned to find Cesar and Jessy giving him confused looks.
He bowed his head and ran a hand through his hair, scrubbing it down his face.  “But they won’t let me see him.  Won’t even tell me where he is.  Just that he’s being held for evaluation and that I need paperwork to even talk to him.”
Dean had gone to every Walmart in Kansas until he found one that had them in stock and he'd bought all three. Just in case.
When the tips of his fingers touched the fine hairs at the base of Cas' neck, Dean suddenly realized just what the hell he was doing and abruptly pulled back, feeling dizzy and breathing hard.
don’t do this Cas.  I’m asking you to talk to me, I’m asking you to tell me what’s going on in your head.  I can’t help if I don’t know what’s going on.”
Had Cas really gone his entire life without anything like that?
“As I mentioned before,” Cas interrupted him sharply, “You both need to get some sleep.  We have a long walk ahead of us tomorrow.” He looked down at Dean and his eyes were much softer than his voice.  “Get some rest.  We can talk more in the morning,” he turned and walked back into the night, this time parallel to the creek.  “I'm going to scout the area.”
,” Castiel breathed.  “Yes, it's
"Wake up, Cas." he whispered for the thousandth time, trying to project his thoughts into Cas' brain by sheer will power alone.
“Human,” he muttered, turning over each new piece of this man sitting in front of him as they came to him. “Righteous man. Dean Winchester.”
“We should go now,” the angel declared as he strode into the room.  “I think I have accurately predicted the current time there and it will be nightfall soon.  I will be tired after such a long flight and the two of you will likely feel out of sorts for a few hours.  I do not want to have to find a place to sleep in the dark.”
"I'm sorry,” Dean said, not knowing what else to say.  He didn’t know what the Mythic Dawn was, or why they had captured her, and he was sensing that he shouldn’t ask.  Not right now.
“You're smiling again,” Castiel remarked gently, his voice as soft as the mist that surrounded them.  “You do that a lot now,” he added with a smile of his own.
There was nothing.  Absolutely nothing.  As if Castiel had merely been a figment of their collective imagination for the last seven years.
Dean cleared his throat, glancing over at Sam and knowing that his brother would raze the hell out of him for asking what he was about to ask.
and it was all just
He remembered Dean being dead.  Then Dean suddenly
He wouldn’t be confused about what was happening forever.  Eventually things would settle, he would find patterns and would know what was normal for him and what was not.  He would grow in to this new skin and be comfortable in it; he just needed to give himself some time.  And learn to ask for help when it was offered by those more adept at these new thoughts and feelings than he was.
Castiel slouched in his chair.  “Can you help me
Dean sighed heavily, waiting for the annoyance or the embarrassment to surface.  Instead all that happened was his headache pounded obnoxiously and his heart swelled when he felt Castiel’s eyelashes flutter against his neck.
“Oh. Makes sense,” Sam said, looking relieved.
And his wings of course.  They were massive, stretching eighteen feet from tip to tip – he and Sam had made Cas stand still one day so they could actually measure them – with sleek, glossy black feathers, the longest of which were nearly five feet long.
“You are only hurting yourself.” The voice sounded annoyed.  “Now, do as I say.  Breathe and
"We cannot stop here, we don't have any equipment.  Drink the potion I gave you,” he told them.  "It will help."
and he was
And now he was living that same terrifying moment over and over, in the place where Dean wanted him to feel safe, with the people Dean wanted him to trust.
It was only a few seconds later that Sam took his hands away, laughing so hard himself that he leaned back against the arm rest with his arms wrapped around his stomach and Castiel went limp in Dean’s arms, breathing hard and grinning up at the hunter.
Dean worked to unclench his jaw.  “Shit, I’m sorry, Cas.  I…I didn’t realize.”
Both Hannah and Cas' wings had gotten fluffy, all the feathers puffing up like Dean had seen birds do when sleepy or cold, and they had both curled their wings around their shoulders and shuffled closer to the fire.
Dean blinked, trying to process the new information.  Dean had known Cas for ten years and he’d never once thought to type his name into a google search.  “Er…about who?” Dean glanced at his firmly closed door, his brain lagging well behind the conversation.
Sam and Dean both stared at him.
When they got to the kitchen, Sam was just setting a large plate on the table and he looked up when Cas came through the door, his eyes going a fraction wider and darting quickly downward to take in the changes in the angel since they’d last seen each other.
He had so much to learn.
as an order, he always seemed to kind of struggle with…something.  Like he consciously has to think about what he wants to do instead of just…doing it.  Almost like he’s fighting the impulse to immediately comply and has to actually think for a second to –“
He blinked, feeling disoriented.  This…this had never happened to him before.  He
The doors, which looked like they weighed several tons each, were undoubtably difficult to open and close, so one had been propped opened.  Just enough for one person to pass through the opening at a time.
Why was he on the outside of his own mind?  And why did something like this – something that should be like a wrecking ball to that castle wall  – feel like a pebble?  Dean’s
"Thank you, Thorygg.  How can we repay your kindness?"  Castiel asked sincerely as he rejoined them.
The browns and beiges looked like the color of honey in the warm glow of the burning coals.
Why did he always seem to be behind everyone else when it came to stuff like this?  Why did he fail so hard at reading people?  He wasn't stupid.
Sam scrunched his nose when Dean met his eye.  “He’s so cute when he’s sleeps, isn’t he?  Like a little angel.”
Sam stared at him, thoroughly unimpressed.  “You wanna try that again?”
It didn’t sound real and Castiel struggled to understand.  Three times he opened and closed his mouth without saying anything, hearing gravel crunch under his boots, hearing the woosh of cars speeding by, feeling the moisture of another storm building in the air – and understanding none of it.
want to tell them about whatever job he'd been given.  He wasn't sure what that meant but before he could say anything, Cas turned away from them.
He rolled his shoulder, grimacing when his muscles resisted the simple movement with a warning flare of pain.
Hannah's gaze sharpened and Dean flinched.
Castiel felt like he was stripping off layers of armor rather than clothing.  By the time he had tossed his suit jacket and tie on top of his trench, his fingers were shaking too badly to properly manage the tiny buttons on his shirt.
was the fucking hero in this story; Cas had helped save the day and they’d repaid him by tying him to a bed and drugging him.
“I’m not allowed to.”
“Is that a ring?”  he asked curiously.
The bridge had also been constructed in a way that would allow it to become a fortress in and of itself.  There were stone walls in the middle and covered alcoves and hallways with stair cases going down to a lower level that would have had Dean itching with curiosity if he hadn’t felt like a human popsicle.
Cas – had made.  But for some reason Cas didn't seem all that worried about it, which, for some reason, only made Dean feel like this was more his fault than the angel's.  After all, Cas was kind of oblivious when it came to social norms and expectations.  Though, he wasn't so naive that he'd think a kiss – and certainly not a kiss like
Sam threw the dirty water – dark a muddy looking with all the dried blood in it – out the little window between the beds and then left to go order them some breakfast.  As soon as he was gone, Dean poured the rest of the hot water into the basin, inhaling the sweet-smelling steam in a long pull through his nose.
, he knew that this was the safest place and the safest people he could find himself with.
As it turned out, the room was more of a loft, and next to the bed there was a wooden railing that looked down over the tavern bellow.  The bed was nothing more than a wooden frame with a straw mat and the blankets were furs from some animal Dean had probably never heard of, and as soon as his head hit the lumpy pillow he was out cold, the sound of indistinct chatting and the bard still plucking away on his weird violin hovering around the edges of his consciousness.
He caught his breath.  Dean had turned back around and was staring at him with concern.
“What do you mean?”  he asked, trying not to sound too snappy.  Concern usually did that to him, made him snappy.
But it never felt good to have your worst fears confirmed.
look while Cas was talking about Hannah with such warmth in his voice – but he could hear the angel’s smile.  “Our garrison leaders thought the same thing.
He let his hand press down into the feathers again, until he felt the warmth of muscle and bone pressing back against his hand.
the smirk coming through the line.  “We need your help.”
He looked up, but Cas was watching Dean’s hand with a small frown and Dean prepared to pull back, something cold spreading through him.  He had been right, it was too soon, Cas was too…
?” he repeated when he realized he hadn't gotten an answer, or at least not one he understood. He felt his eyes stinging and blinked. “
He stared down at his hand, stared at his fingers curled around the pommel; distantly confused; not understanding.
near the centre of him, but that was it. For a long time, that was it.
He supposed it didn’t really matter; he might be new to being human but even he knew they were supposed to eat more frequently than
Cas blinked.  “It’s just…last time I was missing pieces of my memory like this is was because Naomi was…” Cas paused and made a nonsensical gesture at his head and Dean felt his gut clench.
Throwing another glance over at Cas, Sam frowned.  “Like…like
so that you don’t waste any more of your precinct's underfunded and thinly stretched resources, personnel and tax payer money following up on an arrest you had no grounds to make in the first place.”
"Ready to hit the road?"  Dean chuckled, partially to distract himself from the very intimate moment.  He felt like he’d open the door to Cas’ bedroom without knocking and found him naked.
“Alright then.  Con three, we’d have to work with Crowley again.  And talk to him again.  And see him again.”
But that was the least of his worries.
to be joking.”
“But...we
anything.  But after what you just said, Hannah, I think our perception of angels has been way off, given we learned everything we know about them from one who doesn't even understand himself.”
Dean wondered if he wasn't reading too much in to things.  After all, it had become obvious over the last few months that Castiel and Hannah felt something for each other.  No one spent as much time together as they did – got as close as they did – without there being some kind of romantic feelings involved.
The change in Cas was immediate.  Somehow, his posture became even more rigid and when he stood it was mechanical and smooth, like a robot.  His expression was eerily blank, even more so than it had been all day, eyes lifeless and cold.
Castiel’s hand came up to rest against the side of his face and he nodded, already leaning up to kiss him again with a bit more certainty.
The brothers shared another silent look and then Sam tossed his head in the direction of the kitchen, so Dean told Crowley to pour himself another drink while they went and talked things over.
He remembered, when he was a little kid and their family had still been whole, seeing a barn owl in a zoo once and couldn't help but compare it’s wings to Cas’.  Much like the barn owl’s, Cas’ wings were sleek and long, all clean lines and edges.
Other times, when he was still half asleep and words were out of his reach, Cas would simply let his head fall onto Dean's shoulder for a moment while he stared off across the kitchen.
No, he couldn't let this get any more out of hand.  It was a crush - just a crush is all - and Dean could handle it.  Cas needed to be able to trust him; it had been hard enough to get the angel talking after he'd first come to the bunker, half starving and nearly human.  It had taken Sam and Dean two weeks to catch on that Cas was hardly eating, not because he was sick but because he just hadn't known what it meant when his stomach growled at him.
"Shit, Cas, there’s no way you got this just from hitting the floor."
Stealing angels must have been no different then stealing food, horses, weapons, or anything else the Vikings could use.  They had seen something shiny and they had taken it for themselves.  Then taken it a step further, because apparently it wasn’t enough to steal a living creature; they had to force it to submit to them and kill for them as well.
The thought calmed him.  He
He was always surprised when he thought he’d hit rock bottom but discovered it had only been a branch on the way down.
Their eyes immediately snapped back to each other, faces set in stoic challenge and Dean sighed, just knowing by the time they were done competing with each – they did that a lot too – he'd have half a forest worth of wood piled in the sand outside his cabin.
Sam noticed the new weapon hanging at Dean’s hip and offered him a small smile, but said nothing.
Was...was Hannah trying to get some time alone with Sam?
Another planet.  A whole other
He looked over.  With his human face.
“It shouldn't be much farther,” he told them, but he seemed less sure than before.  “Maybe another hour if we keep this pace.  I can smell clean woon smoke, which indicates there is a settlement nearby, but it is faint.  Are you sure you're both alright?  Do you need to stop and rest?”
“Yeah?”  the guy asked, suddenly sounding hopeful and making an effort to sit up straighter.  “In exchange fer what?  I don't got no mon-
, Dean.”
“Are you laughing at us?” Dean asked lowly.
“I can’t…I can’t
He turned his back to the brothers, moved to the potions table, and started rummaging through his satchel.
What kind of strength did it take for Cas to hand that over to him?  Dean felt sure that Cas’ connection to his sword was one he would never be able to understand.  He loved some of his weapons sure, but there was more to it than that when it came to an angel and their sword.
“…good?” Dean asked dumbly, his attention snagged for a moment when the tip of Cas' tongue darted out to clean his lips.
“Of course, yeah.  Let me know if there’s anything I can do to help.  There’s pizza in the fridge if he’s hungry.”
light and the growing unease of being lost in the dark on an alien planet backed off a little.
The coppery scent of his own blood was all he could smell, the tang of it all he could taste. He tried not to let the panic building in his chest take over, but he was pinned like a butterfly and felt just as fragile.
There were two guards walking down the road and all four chimneys had smoke rising from them.
She laughed, the sound of it melodic and cheerful, a contrast to the weather.  “The weather in the mountains
to didn't mean they couldn't or that it wasn't beneficial.
“Cas, tell me you’re fuckin’ joking.”
“Cas…Cas, lay down, it’s ok.  Just lay down.”
He looked up, to where the flowers Cas had been looking at were, wondering what they were called and why he wanted them.
Castiel would never say that he was good at deciphering emotions in other people – he certainly wouldn’t say he was good at deciphering what he himself was feeling – but he was sure he was at least competent enough to know that Dean looked almost content sitting there with his gentle words and soft smiles while he held Castiel’s hand.
No, he pushed everything far, far away – he’d gotten quite good at that – and vowed to deal with it in a few hours when it all inevitably came crashing back down on him.  Because it always did.
“Can't we just kill it?”  Dean asked, not at all liking the idea of Cas using himself as bait.
The woman smiled and nodded.  “I take it you'll be wanting a slice?”
Dean seemed beyond words.  Woodenly, he pried his hands from Castiel’s wrists.  The corners of his mouth were pulled down and his green eyes stared into Castiel’s.  Several times he opened his mouth but said nothing and the two of them sat in silence as the bonds around Castiel grew tighter.
“Definitely wetter,” Dean grumbled.
Balgruuf nodded solemnly.  “What else could it have been?”  He turned and made his way around the other side of the table, staring down at the little pins stuck in the worn parchments.  “Much like the stories you've heard about the Dovahkiin prophecy there have been whispers and rumors building over the last few years.  Dragons are back, people were saying, but it was still just stories around the fire.  Until Helgen.”
"Kill me." Castiel whispered. His voiced sounded ragged, vocal chords ripped to shreds, and a trickle of blood spilled from the corner of his mouth.
“It’s not for lack of trying!” Dean exclaimed defensively.
He turned to Cas with a smile.  “Lead the way.”
“There are other ways of protecting ourselves.  You and Sam are both excellent with blades and hand to hand combat.  Let me be clear, we are going to a dangerous, magically advance, alien planet and will be trying to locate a high profile target as covertly as possible.  We do
He heaved a sigh, looking around the meticulously organized shelves full of books.
“As I said before.  This will be different from the other times you've flown with me,” Cas warned again,  “It will be disorientating and there may be a few moments where you feel like you cannot breathe but I assure you that there will be ample oxygen in your blood so...don't worry.”
Somewhere off in the bunker, he could hear the faint
This wasn’t the direction Castiel had assumed the conversation would take, but he tried to answer the question all the same.  Thought back farther and farther to the last time he remembered managing to scavenge something to eat.  Alarmingly, all he could recall was an orange a small child had given him in the park.
He let it.
They were still two hundred yards back from the gates but it was clearly Helgen nestled between rocky outcrops and a few old, towering fir trees.  The large wooden gates were tightly closed and the structure surrounding them had been destroyed in several places.  The patch of roof over one of the watch towers had caved in, as if something very, very big had decided to use it as a perch.  There was another watch-tower farther down the city wall that looked mostly unharmed but the narrow windows scattered around it were dark and lifeless.
“Yeah well, nobody tells a Winchester what to do.  That includes the adopted ones.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean compulsively peered into the darkness around them but the gently swaying trees and bushes were constantly shifting, making it difficult to spot anything that may be hiding nearby.
Without being asked, the first time Dean had punched Cas in the face rose to the forefront of his memory.  It had been like punching a marble statue and he reminded himself that, while the body was human, the creature pulling the string inside was not.
He kept his distance and let Cas set the pace, something in his chest aching a little every time Castiel glanced over his shoulder as if expecting something to be lurking behind him. His wings were curled around his body protectively and he was hugging the wall as he walked, blue eyes darting this way and that, never lingering longer than was necessary to deem that particular spot free of danger before flitting to the next.
They followed without a word.
With nothing else to do with the dark feeling swelling in his gut, Dean did as he was told, stalking off in whatever direction he happened to be facing, trying his best to calm down.
Dean mumbled for him to hang on, told whoever was in the passenger seat to take the wheel for a second and then, presumably, googled the town on his phone.  Castiel listened, honing in on the sounds of two people mumbling and moving around and belatedly realized that Dean had said ‘
“Man, you have to tell us when this happens next time.”
He’d gone outside, obviously.  He was able to admit to
It was confusing, because while there was still a noticeably glassy look in Cas' blue eyes, he was still aware enough that he knew it was Dean talking to him. With a sinking sensation in his gut, Dean wondered if that meant that Cas was scared of
Dean nodded, sure he understood. It sounded like if Cas was going to remember something, the thread was already there, in the back of his mind, for him to pull at. But some things were gone entirely. That was perfectly fine with him. He could re-teach Cas all the stuff he'd forgotten since meeting them and looked forward to doing so. He was just weak with relief that he and Sam happened to be two of the things Cas could remember.
